DIOCESAN SYNOD OF TASMANIA. The annual session of the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania was commenced yesterday. At 11 o'clock Holy Communion was celebrated at St. David's Cathedral, the service being conducted by Bishop Sandford, assisted by Archdeacons Hales and Davenport, the Rev. Canon Adams, and Rev. H. 0. Hancock. There were upwards of 60 communicants, including clergymen and lay representatives. The Synod met at the Synod-hall, Harrington-street, at about 3 o'clock, Bishop Sandford presiding. After the usual prayers, the President laid upon the table certificates sent to him in return to the mandates issued for the election of certain lay representatives, as follow Mr. H. Dumaresq, Carrick ; Mr. W. A. Kermode, Ross j Mr. Fred. Mace, Buckland and Dr. Bedford, Perth. A number of lay representatives signed and presented to the President the uaualdeclara tion. The SECRETARY (Rev. Canon Bailey) then called the roll, when the following members were found to be present Clergy : Arch- deacons Hales and Davenport, Canons Adams, Brownrigg, Mason, and Banks Smith, Rev. G. F. Archer, H. D. Atkinson, J. S. Babington, 0 J. Brammall, J. V. Buckland, A. Cass, J. Chambers, E. Cham union, J. Clampett, R. T. Earl, J. M. Easton and, H. R. Finnis, S. B. Fookes, J. W. H. Geiss, H. O. Hancock, R. D. Poulett- Harris, W. Hogg, H. W. Hugill, B. M. King, J. W. H. L'Oste, H. H. Marten, A. Martin, T. McDowall, J. G. Morling, W. F. Mitchell, W. W. F. Murray, J. M. Norman, J. H. Rowsell, W. H. Savigny, G. W. Shoobridge, L. Tarleton, E. H. Thompson, C. Vaughan, A. Wayn, J. C. Whall. J. K. Wilmer, J. E. M. Wilson, and J. B. W. Woollnough. Lay Representatives : Messrs. R. P. Adams, James Barnard, Dr. Bedford, W. Belbin, F. Belstead, J. H D. Bethune, TJC. Bisdee, 0. Butler, H. W. Chapman, R. Clerk, C. F. Collier, Hon. W. L. Crowther, H. J. Daldy, H. Dumaresq, C. H. Elliston, W. H. Ferrall, J. Hamilton, J. R. Hart, W. Lovett, R. J. Lucas, F. Mace, J. O. O. McArdell, W. Newton, A. Reid, W. C. Sharland, E. 0. Shaw, B. T. Solly, F. W. Von Steiglitz, W. Tarleton, W. Turner, G. A. Waller, and J. Whitehead. The PRESIDENT then declared the Synod to be fully constituted. The SECRETARY read a letter from the Archdeacon of Canterbury, addressed to himself, acknowledging receipt of the Secretary's letter of January 22, and trusting that he would convey to the Synod the thanks of the Archbishop for the resolution, which was passed at their last session, on the motion of Archdeacon Hales. There was a postscript to the letter in the Archbishop's',band-writing -" I need scarcely add what a privilege I esteem it to be allowed to assist the noble work in Australia in any way." The letter was ordered to be entered in the records of the Synod. The SECRETARY moved the usual sessional orders, and it was decided, among other things, that the Synod should adjourn each day at 9 o'clock, and reassemble at 7 15 p.m. Mr. WM. TARLETON was elected chairman of committees for the session. NOTICE OF MOTION. Archdeacon HALES to moved. In consequence of the great increase in the population of the Australian colonies, and their manifold requirements, this Synod is of opinion that the General Synod of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania would be justified in taking order for the arrangement or compilation of services suitable to the requirements of the Church, and respectfully requests the Bishop, should he see fit, to confer with the Primate on the subject. 2. That clauses 12 and 3, repairs etc. of par- sonages, etc., be repealed. 4. That the resolution of 1867 (page 96), restraining the performance of marriage in private houses, be repealed, and the following substituted That marriages in church are to be encouraged, but if urgently required they may be performed in private houses.' 5. That the proceedings of the Synod held in 1882 under the presidency of the then Administrator of the Diocese be published in the same manner as the proceedings of other Synods. And 0. That the Bishop -shall with the advice of the Archdeacon, have power to divide parishes, or define their boundaries, provided that the lawful rights of existing incumbents are respected, and no claims made against the Finance Committee exceed- ing those set down in the estimates. Rev. 0. VAUGHAN to move That this Synod respectfully requests His Lordship the Bishop to issue and authorise for use in the diocese a special form of service for the burial of the dead, in accordance with the recommendation of the Convocation of Canterbury and the precedent of certain English and colonial dioceses. Mr BELSTEAD to move That the ad interim report of the Committee on Finance be taken into consideration. Mr. BELSTEAD to move That the report of the Select Committee appointed to consider the present condition of the finances of the Church be ordered to be printed, and taken into consideration at 745 p.m. on Thursday., i, '<",' ', ' ' REPORTS OF SELECT COMMITTEES." " _ ¡ Archdeacon DAVENPORT laid upon the table the report of the select committee on the Cathedral, appointed at last session of the Synod, and moved that it be ' taken into consideration next day. I Mr. BARNARD asked that the discussion of the matter might be deferred till a later day, because he himself had tabled a motion bearing on the subject, and he believed that a petition would shortly be presented to the Synod which might affect their decision in the matter. Archdeacon DAVENPORT intimated that it was his intention to introduce a bill to give effect to the resolutions recommended in the report, and ample opportunity would be given on the second reading of the bill for the discussion of the question. The resolution itself would refer merely to the abstract principles 1 laid down as to the objects of the Cathedral. After a discussion the motion was agreed to. Archdeacon HALES laid upon the table the report of the select committee on churchwardens, and intimated his intention of introducing a bill to give effect to its recommendations. The report was ordered to be taken into consideration next day. The Rev. Canon BANKS-SMITH laid upon the table the report of the select committee on the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Act, and its consideration was made an order of the day for Friday next. . Mr. TARLETON laid upon the table the report of the select committee, recommending rules and regulations for the management of the Church of England burial grounds in the diocese of Tasmania, which were ordered to be taken into consideration at 7 o'clock on Thursday evening. Mr. BELSTEAD laid upon the table the report of the Select Committee appointed to sit during the recess to consider the present condition of the finances of the Church, which was ordered to be taken into consideration on Thursday evening. The Rev. Canon MASON laid upon the table the report of the Select Committee ap- Darted to enter into negotiations with the Church of Scotland with regard to the Both- well Church, and it was ordered to be taken into consideration on Thursday next. Mr. MCARDELL submitted certain pro- posers made with respect to the Rokeby parsonage, which was ordered to be taken into consideration on Thursday. ESTIMATES. Mr. LOVETT (Treasurer) laid on the table the estimates of the Southern and Northern Finance Committees for the year 1885, which were ordered to be printed, and taken into consideration on Friday. MISSIONS. Archdeacon HALES submitted accounts and report of the Melanesian Mission, and Canon BROWNRIGG of the Furneaux Mission, which were ordered to be entered in the official record of the Synod. CltURCII ADVOCATE. The PRESIDENT reported that the elevation of Mr. R. P. Adams to the position of Chancellor of the Diocese had created a vacancy in the office of Church Advocate, to fill which he had appointed the' Hon. Alfred Dobson. This appointment now required to be confirmed by the Synod. ,, The,' r 'and 1. ' .? 1 ArchdouconDAVENPORTsaldnowassurothat the the action taken by the Bishop would come mond itself to general acceptance, but before asking the Synod to confirm the appointment of Mr. Dobson, there was one thing that should be done, and that was to recognise the great services rendered to the diocese by his predecessor, Mr. Adams. (Loud applause) He therefore submitted the following motion : " That the cordial thanks of the Synod be offered to Mr. R. P. Adams for the valuable services he has rendered to the diocese in the of Ii co of Church Advocate during a period of 14 years." Archdeacon HALES seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. ADAMS said he had been taken entirely by surprise, and could only thank the Synod for the great compliment they had paid him. Anything he might have done in his office as Church Advocate had been completely a labour of love, and he had always endeavoured to do his utmost for the Synod and the Church at large. He could only hope that the duties of the post to which they had been good enough to raise him would be carried out as diligently as he could fairly say he had performed the duties of the office he had just vacated. Archdeacon DAVENPORT moved,-" That the Hon. A. Dobson be requested to accept the post of Church Advocate, and that in the event of his acceptance of it he be appointed to that office." He could only hope that he would prove as worthy of it as his predecessors, Mr. Adams, and the Hon. W. L. Dobson, the latter gentleman having been the first to fill the office in 1850. The motion was carried unanimously. COUNCIL OF ADVICE. Canon MASON moved,-" That the appointment of Canon Bailey as a member of the Council of Advice, in the room of Dean Bromby, be confirmed. "Agreed to. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The PRESIDENT then addressed the Synod as follows: My RKVERENDBRETHREN AND BRETHREN OF THE LAITY Another year has gone into the irrevocable past since I had first the privilege and advantage of meeting you in Synod. And now, through the mercy of God, we are met to consider once more our position, and the duties it entails, and to take counsel together on matters the most important, in their nature and issues, which can occupy the thoughts of men. The occasion can- not but be solemnised to us all by the sense of responsibility and of the opportunities it affords. May we have grace and wisdom to use it faithfully and well. In addressing you, at the opening of our proceedings, I propose to confine myself to such subjects as rightly fall within the purview of the Synod, or affect our general interests and action as a body, holding a recognised position and exercising a certain influence in the community. Those connected with the special functions and duties of the clergy, and my relations to them and to their work, will more conveniently and appropriately be dealt with at the visitation on Thursday morning in the Cathedral. It must not be inferred from this, however, that I regard my lay brethren on having no interest or concern in the ordering and discharge of these duties and functions. I have no wish to restrict the lay mind to the exoteric in religion, reserving the exoteric as a specialty, and peculiar to a privileged caste, as if it were their personal and exclusive property, or as if they only were capable of apprehending it. Nor do I deny the right, or doubt the wish of the laity to know the mind and judgment of their Bishop on the questions which, as a rule, occupy the charge. But I feel that I ought to be considerate of your time, and must not tax it on your patience by discussing here topics and affairs which, however important, are not proposed, or calling for synodical action, some of them, indeed, not being within the proper cognisance and jurisdiction of the Synod. This course will, am sure, commend itself to both ray clerical and lay brethren as the most fitting and the most convenient. Those of you who are acquainted with statistic literature will remember that there has been preserved to us, among the writings of St. Augustine, a treatise entitled " Re- tractations." The purport of it was not to disavow and withdraw opinions formerly expressed, but, according to the original and more accurate meaning of the term by which it was designated, to draw attention to, and handle once more, subjects already discussed, considering them anew in the light of fuller information, larger experience, and a more mature judgment. With a similar object, si paris like corn- porters magnis, if I may venture [to illustrate and explain my acts and intentions by such an illustrious example I ask your kind at tion while I refer briefly to one or two points on which I touched last year in my synodal address. And first let me assure you that the value and importance I have always been disposed to attach to the Synod as a part of our Church organisation has been greatly enhanced by experience and reflection even during my short episcopate. As I have come to know more of the diocese, of the clergy and their work, of the condition and needs of the localities in which they minister-and of those which are beyond the reach of any proper supervision' and ministrations on their part I have learnt to estimate more accurately and vividly the greatness of the charge for which I am chiefly accountable. And together with this there has come to me the knowledge of needs and deficiencies, of resources already over-taxed and inadequate, of claims and expectations entertained, and often brooded over in the hearts of many, spoken out and urged by the lips and pens of a few more open and courageous and helpful, as I think and then, lastly, the knowledge and assurance of capabilities and energies, and readiness to assist and to give, loft latent and dormant, through negligence and fault somewhere, but walling and anxious to be called forth and utilised in the service of God and of our fellow men. The picture has grown and developed under my eye, in outline and detail, in colouring and shade, presenting at times its brighter and more encouraging, but more frequently and persistently its dark and depressing aspect, till-you will not wonder, dear brethren-it has filled me with anxiety and perplexity, though never as yet with despair. And the burden of the responsibility and obligations thus brought home to my mind and heart, must be borne, first of all, and in largest measure, by myself, and by myself alone. I know beforehand, I was warned by more than one elder brother in the episCo pate considerately and kindly that this must be. No one within the seas which define and limit our boundaries as a colony, and for the present, at least, as a diocese, can share with me my position and office, and all that these entail. But the more, on this very account, do I regard with deep thankfulness and comfort the provision made for my guidance and help, in the Synod, constituted and given to me as a council, and associated with me in the ordering and administration of j ecclesiastical affairs. I am thankful to know that I may always confidently rely on your sympathy, your frank and honest advice, ' your assistance and co-operation in whatever promises to benefit the diocese, and all for whom we are bound to care, and it is my earnest prayer and hope that there may be over maintained between us the most cordial and trustful and kindly relations. > I reminded you last year of the source of from which we have derived the true idea of a Synod. It was no novelty or expedient introduced to meet a temporary emergency. In, forming it there was no assumption of power ' or of right to create a new thing at pleasure, on the part either of Parliament or the Church, on the contrary, it was a wise and loyal recurrence to first principles and to the precedent furnished by the practice of the Primitive Church, as recorded both in Holy Scripture' and in the history of the earliest and purest ages of Christianity. And there is nothing more certain and indisputable than the fact that on these principles and precedents the Anglican Communion, from the first moment of being aroused and enabled to assert and vindicate her free and unfettered right to independence and self- government, and to a faithful adherence to evangelical truth and apostolic order, has ever founded her distinctive _ and, as we believe, impregnable position. Let me impress upon you the duty and necessity of our loyally and intelligently maintaining that position, if we would make good our claim to DO true representatives of the Church of England in these colonies. Nor is it less essential to do this, if we would consistently and safely cherish and act upon the sympathy which I trust we all feel with the aims and aspirations of the days in which we live These, if I mistake not, are craving and searching for a belief which shall be at once orthodox and reasonable, in keeping with the righteousness and love of God, and the needs and conscience of man for a worship which shall give expression to the deepest and truest feelings of the human heart towards the object of its reverence and devotion and lastly, for a closer union and fellowship with all the good, the earnest, the noble and true, and with all forms of goodness, self-sacrifice, and benevolence which have for their end the improvement and happiness of humanity. Can these longings and demands be met ? Can we help to meet them? Science and philosophy, by the lips and pens of some of their teachers, have made their offer-, have bid for acceptance on the plea that they can. Only in the latest phase it has been in rivalry and compe- tition- {vide papers by Mr. Herbert Spencer, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. Justice Fitzjames Stephen, in the Nineteenth Century-old we may not unreasonably bid them settle the dispute between themselves before either calls upon us to answer their respective claims. In the meantime, the Church has her opportunity. Will she avail herself of it? Can he do so with effect ? We may be ready and eager to furnish the reply ; but there is one condition of success we must be honest and consistent. It is not open to us to turn our backs on the past, and on the heritage we have received from it. How to bring its lessons to bear on the facts with which we have to deal, and the problems we have to solve this is the question to which we must give our minds. in the study of it let us remember that there are two factors which alone can produce the , desired result. -Knowledge and sympathy!,, sincere conviction and (oarlesajcouragoi in, other and familiar words faith and lqyeyitho.. Christian creed and the Christian character. I have said this to you here and now, because it seems to me the only proper basis on which we can rightly and profitably proceed as for Synodical discussions and action. We are not set, to build the house of the Lord in these latter days, that all nations and people may flow into it, without a supply of all the material with which it is! to be constructed. That material is plastic, and may be shaped and fashioned according to our needs. But the pattern has been shown us on the Mount, and we are to see to it that we make all things according to that pattern. How can we do this if we are ignorant or un- mindful of the great principle I have enunciated. I have heard our Church described as being free as the winds of heaven. I have heard the Synod itself declared to be, in its proper and legitimate sphere, omnipotent And so, in a sense, they are. But we can only use this freedom and this power aright when we are true and loyal to our belief and membership in one Holy Catholic, and Apostolic Church. For we are under one wise and wholesome restriction. Our legislation must not alter or be at variance with the authorised standards of faith and doctrine, in which that great article of the creed is held and taught as a truth revealed by God. There is one other feature in the constitu- tion and laws enacted for us by Parliament to which I must also refer. Comparing our position with that of the Church in other colonies, we have cause, I think, for much thankfulness and encouragement It is impossible to challenge our locus standi and our rights as heirs and representatives of the branch of the Church of England originally founded in this colony. Our status, our property, our jurisdiction over our own officers and members, " so far as concerns their respective positions, rights, duties, and liabilities, in regard of their office, ministry, membership, or communion in the Church," are acknowledged and secured. We have been authorised and enabled to establish a tribunal for the trial of offences against the laws ecclesiastical, as well those involving breaches of discipline as questions of doctrine and ritual, to which the clergy and officers of the church are made amenable and " witnesses appearing before the said tribunal may be examined on oath by any judge so commissioned thereof." Happily, although the court is always duly constituted by each new Synod, it has never been called upon to sit, and the office of my learned friend, the Chancellor, as also that of the Church Advocate, has been, so far, altogether a sinecure. I trust that the otium cum dignitate, but not, I fear, cum benefice of, which my learned friends have hitherto so thoroughly enjoyed, may never be disturbed by any call upon their services in connection with this tribunal. Further, the representa- tion of our parishioners in Synod and the distribution of seats, although originally prescribed and adjusted, have been left to be dealt with by the Synod according to its wisdom and pleasure, and can never be the subject of agitation, or the occasion of strained relations between at least our various legislative authorities. I have, in more than one instance, been greeted by crowds at railway stations and elsewhere on my journeys, but, so far as I can judge, the Synod must be in accord with the feelings of its constituents, as the cry for reform of the franchise, or redistribution of seats, has never been mooted in my hearing. It is not, in fact, within the sphere of practical ecclesiastical politics. Further, the Synod is empowered to divide the diocese into separatere cures, congregations, or parishes, to determine the modes of patronage and make rules as to the management of property, and generally to regulate the affairs of the Church as it may deem expedient The notices of resolutions, which have been printed and placed in your hands, show that these powers, at any rate, are not to be left in abeyance or idle, and my visitation of the diocese has convinced me that the interests of the Church and of the souls committed to its charge, demand nothing more imperatively than the consideration whether they ought not to be exercised in regard to the in- cidence and effect of what is called "the amalgamation of cures " scheme. Once more it is to be observed that the rights of the three orders of which the Synod is composed have been amply guarded and maintained by the provision "that on the request of the Bishop, of three clergymen, or of three laymen, the votes of the clergy and laity shall be taken separately in Synod ;" that the assent of the Bishop is essential to the validity of any Synodical act or resolution that no legislation during a vacancy of the See shall prejudice or affect any spiritual right, power, or prerogative belonging or appertaining to the office of a Bishop of the Church." Nor at any time deprive the Bishop of any legal right he may have as to the disposition or mode of application of any property " hitherto vested in him, even when it has been transferred to the church property trustees, and is managed by them. And, again, in enabling the Synod " by act or resolution to make provision for the appointment of Bishops, and of all persons bearing office in the Church, and generally to regulate their tenure of office." A clause in the Church Constitution Amendment Act declared to be essential by the bland authoritative " opinion " of our fellow synodsman, Mr. John McIntyre (whose absence on the present occasion we must all regret, and whose visit to New Zealand for the benefit of his health is, I am sure, accompanied by our prayers and best wishes in this enabling clause Parliament gave warrant and opportunity for the resolution passed in 1882, which provides and declares that " a Bishop appointed under the regulations of the Synod, I and duly installed, shall be the Bishop of Tasmania within the meaning of " the Church of England Constitution Act, and shall be for all purposes the successor of the last preceding Bishop of Tasmania." While a clause in the original Act, which is to be read and construed together with its amendment " as one Act, gives force and validity to Synodical legislation equal in its proper sphere, and as regards its rightful subjects to that of Parliament itself. It reads thus, as you will remember : " Every Act and resolution of the Synod, made in pursuance of and in accordance with the provisions this Act, shall be deemed to be incorporated therewith, and shall. be of the same force and effect as if the same were expressly enacted heroin." ', I might mention other particulars which show the spirit and intendment of Tasmanian Parliamentary legislation to have been con- siderate and generous to the Church. I doubt whether in any other colony similar vantage ground and privileges have been granted, or the Church of England been equally favoured on the withdrawal of " State aid." And, when there are added to this the grants of property in churches, parsonages, and glebe without consideration or payment, and the endowment of nearly £00,000, made over to our governing body, and left at its free and unrestricted disposal under the State Aid Commutation Act, for which we are indebted mainly to the efforts and influence of the late Hon. Daniel Chapman, Acting-Chief Justice Dobson, and others in Parliament at the time ; I have enumerated a catalogue of advantages we enjoy in this diocese, which may well make my Episcopal brethren and their clergy and people elsewhere wish that they lived under the rule of the Tasmanian Government and Legislature. What would the Church in Canada have given for such terms on the withdrawal of the " clergy reserves." How would the path of the Primate and Church of South Africa, be cleared of difficulties (in which I am sure they have our sympathy and prayers) if they had obtained such Church Constitution Acts from the Legislature of the Cape Colony. I wish that we could hope for our sister church in Ceylon (although she would not give her Archdeacon to us as our Dean), that she may meet with somewhat of the same consideration and generosity at the present crisis in her history. I do not mention all this in a spirit of boastfulness, or with any wish that we should be led to rest upon the arm of flesh, but it seems to me to demand recognition, if on no other ground, that we may be encouraged and stirred up to make the most of the favourable circumstances in which we are thus placed. Last, however, I should be misunderstood, let me recall to you that the real foundation and sanctions on which we depend are not temporal and earthly, but altogether spiritual. It is the accidents and not the essentials of the Church which alone are within the reach and influence of the civil power. They are not ignorant or mistaken merely, but guilty of wilful perversion and idle talk, who speak of her, either here or at home, as the creature of an Act of Parliament She exulted before Parliaments or the Monarchy itself. If, according to the prophecies which went before on her, and the ordinance of God which vouchsafed to them the high privilege, " Kings have been her nursing fathers, and Queens her nursing mothers," it is not to the nurse that the child owes its lineage, its parentage, its birth. They were not to bring forth, but to bring up children for Zion, even when these should be the "children of her bereavement" (Isaiah, xlix., 20-23), just as Moses (Numbers, xi., 12), speaks of himself as a nursing father to the people of God of whom he says, " Have I conceived all this people? Have I begotten them that thou shouldest say unto me, carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the suck- ing child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers." Moreover, it is somewhat surely against the interpretation put at times on the words of Isaiah to which I have alluded, and which would make the " nursing fathers and nursing mothers" anything more than ministering servants in the household of Faith ; it is a warning to us, also, of the fatal error of wresting words from their context, when we wish to understand them, or to interpret them honestly, according to their real meaning ; that without pause or break, in this very same passage, the prophet goes on to say to Zion of these, " Kings and Queens ; they shall bow down to thee with their faces toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet" And yet I can remember when a rampant and deadening Erastianism was always loudly quoting the former portion of the text, but deliberately ignored and suppressed the latter clause, although it imme lately follows. Courtly preachers and statesmen grasping, at Church authority for political ends did not scruple to impress on "their Sovereigns that ihèy- wërp'.the' nursing "fathers and nursing mothers of the Church i herself, and not, as it really is, of the Church's children. It would have been in- convenient and awkward to coatiBW WH quotation, and call on them to fulfil its pro 1 phony and injunction i ? But I must pass now, to the subjects which are to come under our consideration, and with which we have to deal on the present occasion And, first, the question, at which I merely glanced last year, as to the desirability of compiling a definite code of canons for our rule and guidance, will be raised by a motion of which the Secretary of Synod has given notice. Canon Bailey was the editor of the present edition of our "Digest," as it is called. From his position, as such, and as associated with me in the administration of diocesan affairs, he is among the best fitted to know, and feel the real need of such a code ; while his moving in the matter proves that we need not apprehend, on the part of those chiefly responsible for the form in which our ecclesiastical laws are at present, I cannot say codified, but only, and not veryconveniently.set forth and recorded, any jealousy at the proposal to supersede the Digest. I will not forestall the discussion which will doubtless arise out of his motion. It seems to me that there is much wisdom in the suggestion that the code should originate with the General Synod, if it will undertake its compilation. It will be a gain to have a wider field of experience to draw from, and, still more, another bond of union between the various dioceses of our Church in these colonies. We can always have a supplementary code, if required, by local and peculiar circumstances. Our respected Chairman of Committees, who has acted in the same capacity in the General Synod as well, proposes to bring the law of patronage under review. The matter could not be left in better or more capable hands. I need not dwell on the circumstances which have proved that, not from any fault or short- coming on the part of the Patronage Councils, but, from the conditions and restrictions under which they do their work, the system at present in vogue has been a failure. But I shall have occasion to revert to the point in connection with the urgent and important question of the supply of clergy. The Treasurer of the Church Society will move a resolution on the subject of the division and boundaries of parishes. I have already alluded to it as impressed upon my mind, almost before everything I have had brought under my notice, or have learnt in the course of my visitation. I hope I shall not touch the susceptibilities of those who were the authors of the scheme for the " Amalgamation of Cures," if I repeat what I have already said, that the highest interests of the Church, and of those for whose Pastoral care my brother clergy and have to provide, demand at least its reconsideration. It seems to me to have been founded on a misconception. I do not believe that it was the intention of the Legislature, in commuting State aid, to endow existing parishes, or only the staff of clergy required by them, but the Church of England in the colony, and that not for the years or the circumstances then imminent, but for all coming time. Indeed, from the authority on which I say this, I may venture to affirm that I know it to have been so. Statesmen were not dreaming of giving a solatium to dis- placed chaplains or disendowed congregations. For the life interests of the Government chaplains, and so of the cures they served until pensioned on retirement, were secured in every case. Still less could they have ignored the certainty of expansion. It has, on the contrary, been the argument always urged in favour of disestablishment in all its forms, that the Church, set free from the trammels of State control and connection, is always sure to expand. Moreover, at the very moment these statesmen were teaching the colony to rest its hopes of prosperity on increase of population, they must have known very well that one great incitement to immigration, on which this mostly depended, would be the existence of a Church, which, above all else, would revive the last and dearest associations of home to the emigrant attracted to these shores, and be ready and able to minister to them as they had been accustomed to in the Old Country, and so they must have looked to it to expand pari passu with the population. But the amalgamation scheme goes to nothing more surely than to defeat this object. It stereotypes the existing state of things, and says to the rising tide, like the Saxon King, only not in his spirit, thus far shall thou come but no further. But, it does more, and, in my opinion, it does worse, for it tends to create a favoured class. It established for them what would sure to be regarded as a vested right in the income of the endowment, and it has left the now parishes which might spring up entirely to their own resources, and what could be the only and inevitable result ? I will not speak of jealousy, heart- burning, and dogged determination to resist any proposal for Church extension. But, what seems almost more serious, the recipients of these grants-in-aid drawn originally from the coffers of the State, have been in danger, and more than in danger of being demoralised. It has driven every idea of independence and self-support out of the minds of even the richest of our country parishes. It has failed to draw forth their liberality towards the Church, which has thus bestowed her own endowment on them pro rata. It has left her destitute of any provision for general administration, or for home missions or new centres of population, and the out- lying districts, such as the New Country, the Lakes, South Bruny, the West Coast, King's Island, and the like, which are absolutely and entirely without the ministration of religion up to the present moment. I am fully cognisant of and I respect the laudable motive which actuated the originators of the scheme, and the plea which can be alleged in justification of their procedure. I trust they will believe me when I say that it is foreign to my intention or my wish to reflect or cast blame on them. They acted for the best. We are none of us, infallible, not even the youngest among our number. The many services they have rendered to the Church would cover with the robe of charity and gratitude far greater mistakes, if it were a mistake, for I am ready to allow that it may have been the saving of our position, i and even of our existence in some districts of the island at the moment. It would only now become a mistake, irremediable ere long in some of its effects, I fear, and so reprehen- sible on our part, if we were to adopt a non possumus j)o\icy and cry with regard to it. I trust, therefore, that Mr. Lovett, may obtain the committee for which he will ask, and that the Synod will remit to it the whole subject which the motion involves, and specially the amalgamation scheme on which I have felt it my duty to comment. Meanwhile, I do not know whether it will be any surprise, or any comfort, to my friends Mr. Garrard and Mr. Norman to be told that I cannot help praying that they may outlive me. I do not envy the Bishop of Tasmania who has to place Macquarie Plains and the Plenty under the charge of the already over- weighted and overworked clergy of New Norfolk and Hamilton-on-Clyde and to add ' Cressy and the Lake River to the cure of the incumbent of Longford. Fingal and Avoca, Cullenswood, St. Mary's, and George's Bay, would already have fallen victims, and one clergyman been entrusted with the whole range of country, from the neighbourhood of the Corners on the Main Line of Railway, to Gould's Country, the Blue Tier, and Thomas' Plains on the north, if it had not been for the courage and good sense of my venerable brother the Archdeacon of Launceston. He boldly set aside the law, and has had his act condoned by the Synod, which has since, a year by year, suspended our rules for tho purpose of giving the full grants to the two districts, as if they had each been a scheduled parish. Thou the combination of Kingston and the D'Entrecasteaux Channel, creating one parish, which extends from a point with- in six miles of Hobart to Garden Island Creek, and including Bruny Island, has pre- . sented an insuperable difficulty to the appointment of a clergyman, and the due provision of services for all the localities and population it includes. How can you expect me to institute to the cure of souls, and then to speak to a clergyman of his responsibility in regard to them, in such a case ? It might be a rural deanery, or an archdeaconry, But the word parish or euro, with all it implies, of is a misnomer. I will only add in connection with this matter the suggestion that, even pending the report of Mr. Lovett's committee, and any possible legislation upon it, it may be well to pass as a temporary measure a resolution to be proposed by Archdeacon Hales, and which gives to the Bishop and the Archdeacon the power to deal provisionally with the boundaries of parishes, until the Synod has taken order more fully, and in its legislative capacity, in regard to them. Mr. Thompson has recast in another form from that which it here last session, the plan he now commends for our adoption for the better maintenance of social purity, and protection of the female sex. He asks as also to move in the matter of the existing law, and the age of young girls protected by it. I may mention that I have received a letter from Miss Ellice Hopkins on this subject. It is one which has been thought out, and dealt with by the present Bishop of Durham. We cannot be wrong in following his lead and acting according to his wise and discreet advice and example. I must avow my entire and cordial sympathy with Mr. Thompson's object and proposals. There is nothing, I am persuaded, more vital and essential to the well-being and prosperity of the colony, and of the rising generation around us, than the creation of a healthy and Christian public opinion and determination in respect of personal and social purity. An old and respected colonist,, occupying the highest position in his municipality, has urged me to adopt some such measure as is now advocated. He said to me, Bishop, I have not donned the blue ribbon, but I will wear a white ribbon if you will give it me. It is what we need here rather than the other." In Edinburgh a, very remarkable and comprehensive organisation has been inaugurated for the purpose in view. I donors believe that good can come from dragging ; cases and details before the whole commu- - nity. Agitation should proceed on the brown - and general principle, and arm at incline thoconscienío and sentiment and our personal and social '"Santas needless exposure of individual ^ trans-' - officers only the last resort. Penal consequences ought to be left to the law and its agents, although, if need be, these must be Arrest toda away dtt___g____J_Uy ' P. --? -" ? -= too prevalent, and too terrible in itself and its results, to be safely ignored or let alone. We are prompt and energetic when small-pox or cholera threaten to intrude. Here is the existing, destructive, and most deadly disease, injuring fatally the constitution and the happiness of individuals and families, and involving the ill-health, the degradation, and misery of children yet unborn. And we are doing little or nothing to stem or to cure it. It is a fatal and mistaken apathy. For if small-pox or cholera slay their hundreds, or even their' thousands, ships ity plays its tons of thousands-yes, its hundreds of thou- sands-not in body only, but in mind and heart and soul. It darkens the lot of its victims till hope and peace and joy are lost to them for over. It makes parents the destroyers of their children and their children's children, the bequeathing of a poison and a curse to the innocent and the helpless for generations to come. And, further, it is fatally and unceasingly at war with the interests of our country. For if it abounds, our material wealth may increase as it may, there may be sheep untold in our runs, and cattle without number in our folds, our commerce may prosper, and our coffers overflow with gold, but men will wither and decay. Stunted forms, and sickly incapacity, enfeebled nerve and will, and premature death will be the punishment Individually, and as a community, we shall reap as we sow. And there is nothing a Christian minister is more directly and solemnly charged by God himself to declare than that vengeance and wrath, and dreadful visitation, must, and shall fall on every land and people defiled by impurity and carnal sins, whether secret and concealed, or open and known. But you need no appeal from me to induce you to give to the whole matter your earnest and thoughtful attention. I turn in the next place, to the reports of select committees which will be laid before you. Let me promise that I think we owe our best acknowledgments and thanks to the gentlemen who have given so much time and pains, and study, to the subjects remitted to them, I nmnotgoingto deal with those reports in any detail, or at much length, and have no wish unduly to bias the course of your debates upon them. But there are some preliminary remarks, and in one or two instances explanations, which I think it well to submit to you. I ' I felt it necessary last year, I feel it still more necessary now, to express my wish for amended and more definite and practical re- regulations with regard to the Cathedral and its Chapter. Setting aside for the moment the question as to the quarter and authority from which those should proceed, I will speak of the necessity for them. It is not well then, you will agree with me, to have in the digest on paper, and in name and appearance, a cathedral system and institution, without their serving some ostensible and useful purpose We have a building called a cathedral, which would never have been erected as only a parish church. It possesses a dignity and prestige and derives certain advantages, as being the Cathedral. Moreover, I found in it a Dean, who, if personal merit and character were properly acknowledged, would have deserved' the creation of a' special- place and title of honour in his favour. And there were canons duly names as such from the respect and estimation in which they were bold. And there was a Chapter composed of them, and of certain laymen, also of high character and worth elected in Synod. All this seemed promising and hopeful for good. But then I' asked, what do the Dean and Chapter do ? What are their duties and functions Î Where is there any correspondence in reality and in action useful to the church, or to Hobart, or to St. David's congregation, or to any person, between what I find on paper, and what the Dean and Chapter as such are performing: The only reply to be given to these enquiries, made me feel that either the whole thing should be abolished, or should be turned to some real practical use. I had no thought or wish to interfere with services, or parochial rights,' or parochial ministrations. But in these day s, and in a colony, things' must be what they are called, they must serve same end, they must justify their existence and their claims, or like the lovely myrtle and blackwood and sassafras bush, and the tower- ing eucalyptus, which encumbers the richest soil in the North of Tasmania, they will be ruthlessly swept away before those seeking to occupy the ground, and turn it to some profit. And yet while St. David's was fulfilling nobly and well, as it could not but do under Dean Bromby, the functions of a parish church, and while it was open to me to use for special functions of my office, which it would have been even as a parish church, it and its Dean and Chapter were doing nothing to account for the names they bear. The Chapter held no stated meetings, and some years never met at all. The canons hardly over appeared at the services, and very rarely and at haphazard in the pulpit Then I thought of the purposes of such institutions, as I had learnt them by study and observation and export once at home. And you will not wonder that I could not bring myself to keep silence under our failure to meet these purposes. And, now also you will understand my motive in attacking the subject. I might have sat down and done nothing. This, how ever, is not in my nature or compatible with mysensoofduty. Butmysoloobjectand desire I have been to make the Chapter an active agent for good, not in St David's parish, or so as to interfere with parochial ministrations or such rights as parishioners may be found to possess, but in relation to the city and the diocese at large. I will not enter, as I have said, into detail. It may suffice for me to say that the general principle and aims of the report are entirely in consonance with my ideas and wishes. And I cannot doubt that, if these are accepted and given effect to, we shall be able to save the cathedral from reproach and to make it a power and influence for good in the diocese of which it is in name the Mother Church. One thing I must further observe, for it will serve to clear away misconception. A cathedral chapter and cathedral system may be organised and exist, and even do partially their work without having any church or building at all as their local habitation ; just as if you will not be startled by such an illustration, an animal might be a marsupial, like the native cat, the porcupine, or the platypus, without possessing the marsupium or pouch, sometimes thought to be an essential characteristic. For the present I am looking away to a certain extent from St David's parish, and even from St David's Church. I long for the aid and the comfort of having a real active responsible Chapter. Give me that, and I am not ¡militeront indeed, but only content as to the other features of the scheme being delayed for a time. As one churchmanship becomes better informed and more earnest and self denying, the rest will follow. The essence being secured, the accidents may wait. But, although this is my feeling, I do not believe that prolonged delay is necessary or desirable. It depends on your perspicacity and wisdom to reconcile conflicting claims and wishes and views." I have seen this done elsewhere. Difficulties, friction, discontent, were feared and anticipated. But they now, cr assumed tangible form, never proved insurmountable. They need not do so in our case, if only they are faced and dealt with gently, wisely, charitably, if only we are all actuated by one single desire to do what is best for the glory of God, and for the good of His Church, and for the souls of His people. There is one objection which may be taken beforehand to the whole scheme, and which I must try to meet before closing this part of my address. It may be said is not the scheme as a whole too ambitious, too much suited to circumstances we may never see ? My answer to this is that we are draughting the lines of a cathedral not for the present only,' but for the future. Nullum tempus occurred Ecclesiw. It would be short sighted, it would be wanting in faith, if we were to legislate with reference merely to ourselves and for our own day. Too narrow, too weak a foundation would be an injury and hindrance to the future builders, and would limit the power, perhaps the possibility of expansion, we are to consider not merely the state and need of the Church now, but what they may come to be through God's blessing sooner than we dare hope. We are trustees for- posterity. Let us make the legacy we leave to it, the provision for the children who are to come after us, as rich and as abundant OF TWO can. I They may square their, ideas and their practice to our stinted measures. The way to obviate this danger is to hand down a full and noble ideal, and so secure that we shall not rob them of their inheritance. The names of the gentlemen who sign the reports on burial grounds and on finance, and of those who have been associated with them in their enquiries and work, moa guarantee of their effective dealing with the subject matter of them. No words are needed to ensure a careful consideration, nor defraud them of the treasures handed down to us from the post of what they' propose, There is need, I will say in passing, for greater care with regard to the state and condition of our burying grounds. I think something should be done to make them in every way what they ought to be. It needs no great outlay of money, but a little thought and trouble. We ought not to grudge these upon such Objects of reverence, and of our deepest feelings and affection as the sleeping places of the dead where they rest in hope of a joyful resurrection. I purposely abstain from dealing with the subject of finance. It is in hands which are best left free. I might only hinder and not help them by any cursory and inadequate and premature discussion. ' ' I must advert more at length to the report as to churchwardens. I confess that it has somewhat disappointed me. The remit to the committee was to consider and report as to the rights and powers of churchwardens. I was anticipating with interest the production of some learned lore, and of helpful information regarding those important and useful officers. We need such ínfuuu-iUon, and the churchwardens themselves need it. But the committee have sent us a -scheme for their abolition, or or what is tantamount to that, for using them and their duties and responsibilities in a parochial v estry. Now I am altogether in sympathy with the conviction that we ought, in some form or other, to have a parochial council in every parish of the diocese, And I am ready to sanction and promote the formation of them in every way I can. But I confess I v row with doubt and apprehension - the creation of a so-called v vestry, and still more the assigning to that body the duties hitherto and generally discharged by churchwardens. Vestries do not be M's very high character at home. In my experience they have presented one of the the greatest difficulties with which bishops and clergy have had to deal. I am not referring to such bodies as London vestries, u which none of us would wish to reproduce, even if we could do so, in this colony. You may be sure that, so long as I am Bishop of this dioccso.itwillbo mostctfoctivolyquarantined | and guarded against the intrusion of such a plague. But, although I left behind me in my old charge the very best vestry that could exist, and though it was actuated by the highest, most generous, and churchmanship spirit and motives, even after this happy and far from coma on experience, I deeper into the reproduction of such an organisation here. What vi of want is a more definite and not a more divided responsibility. We want churchwardens for the parish as a unit, and not for each separate congregation only. We want them made the administrative, and I must add, because I believe this is the most essential and pressing want of all, the financial authority in all our parishes. If our parochial associations have been failure, it is only what I for one would have expected, and could have foretold. For these associations of ore treated and set to work v without much or any regard of the churchwardens, and their rights and duties. And so you have had a double machinery, and two authorities where you only needed one. You have complicated your taxation instead of simplifying it. You have endangered rivalry and antagonism, where you needed above everything harmony and united action. And if now you introduce another independent organisation into each parish, and district of i n parish, and merge the churchwardens in it, I fear you will ensure simply another failure, and um us into very serious danger. Responsibility is felt when it is personal to divide it is fatal. I hope we shall legislate in a way to make the law more clear and more practical, and to give churchwardens a better defined position and greater power and authority. There seems to me no need for the number required now to be elected. "> Why should there be more than two in each congregation ! ' Can we not have churchwardens for the parish as well as for the congregations it may contain? This may be a difficulty, but I leave the matter with confidence to your wisdom and determination. \- '"- '" ' Many other topics are pressing for notice. If I were to speak of them all, it would necessitate, I am afraid, the trying experience of an all-night sitting. I must confine myself to those which are most prominent at the moment, and may influence or call for action on your part for me during the next few months. I have mentioned already the supply of clergy. There are now in all 61 holding the Bishop's license or having my formal permission to officiate in, the diocese, Some, of these are not engaged, as you know, in parochial duty and the number of those doing pastoral work is insufficient to meet existing and increasing needs. There are two things essential to our keeping up even that number, still more enlarging it, with safety and good effect. > , , In the first place the stipends offered must be secured and regularly paid, and, as soon as it may be in our power, raised above the' present minimum. The clergy and their families have the ordinary wants of human nature. They require to be housed, and clothed, and fed. It is well that, in a measure, they should be dependent on the sympathy and good will and appreciation of their people. ' This is but a whole. some stimulus and, to a certain ex' tent, is, under our circumstances, inevitable. But it is not well that they should be subject to arbitrary, unreasonable, and capricious withholding of their emoluments, when they are trying to the utmost of their power to do their duty. It is difficult, indeed, to adjust their relations to the parishes in which they minister so as to secure both of these desiderata. I doubt if it can be done by positive enactment, and I am beginning to have more dependence, and to have greater faith in right feeling, and the harmony and goodwill which are essential botwoenthom and their flocks, of their ministry is to await for its great and blessed ends. We must, I think, face the inevitable. But, to supply, before their acceptability and personal influence (always sure to grow out of earnest and faithful discharge of duty can be felt, and can operate on their behalf, the vacancies as they occur, we must have a higher minimum of clerical stipend, and a better guarantee of its being regularly and punctually received. We need not hesitate to admit the application even to this case of the commercial principle, that the best wages will seek the best market Nor may I shrink from saying that, as our finance at present stands, and the duty of contributing to the support of the Church is at present estimated and fulfilled, there is no reasonable hope of our securing a sufficient staff of ministers of such qualifications as are demanded of them. If we wish to obtain good men, we must hold out such inducements as may at least rival those presented by other dioceses. I do not scruple to repeat to you the aphorism, which it would be folly to I ignore, If you want a good article you must pay for it. So long, also, as we must depend on England to any extent for our clergy, it would he well to have a fund out of which grants may be made for outfit and passage. This would enable us to obtain some men who would otherwise be precluded from coming so far, and at such expense as is unavoidable. In the next place, even under the pressure of necessity, I cannot consent to any lowering of the standard of education and fitness. There has been printed and laid on the table a statement of my requirements in the case of candidates for holy orders. It has been prepared, as I promised, in consultation with my examining chaplain, Archdeacon Davenport, whom we are all rejoiced to see again in his place in Synod. With regard to the acceptance of candidates, my power is absolute, though my having such an assistant and ad- visor as just named, is a guarantee that this will not be unkindly or unreasonably exercised. But, even in respect to nominations made to me by the councils of patronage, and in respect of applications for employment in the diocese from others, I reserve to myself the full right to require satisfactory evidence of fitness the part of any coming to me to be instituted or licensed to clerical duty. It is not a matter of form, or of red tape, but of conscience and duty, to be particular in respect of the necessary papers and testimonials. And in regard to these my rule is rigid. There is too much carelessness as to migratory clergy. I have already intimated that, even in temporarily employing any of them, roy permission must in all cases be asked for and obtained. Do not suppose that any difficulty or needless obstacle will be created by being thus particular. It is a positive attraction to the right-thinking and well- disposed to find some trace of real rule and discipline in a diocese. Only the unworthy are thereby kept out, and I suppose none of you will wish to attract them to Tasmania. The condition and prospects of Christ's College are still a subject of anxiety, and I have nothing more definite to say than when I met you 12 months ago. It is not strictly within our cognisance here. But there is one matter connected with church education on which you will look forsomolnformation. You areawarethatthelateMr.Tooseylefthis estate of Richmond Hill to the Bishop of Tasmania for the purpose of aiding in the foundation and maintenance of an institution, to be conducted on the principles laid down for Christ's College by the late Bishop Nixon, and, if possible, in connection with it, Mr. Toosey suggested the wish that Richmond Hill should be the site of the institution, and the buildings there be used for it. The estate extends to about 470 acres, and for its 570 is valuable and beautifully situated. But the will imposes onerous conditions on the Bishop, who is forbidden " to demise or let" any part of the property, and, being dis punished, it would require considerable outlay before any return whatever could be obtained from it. There are also liabilities for the maintenance of a pension, and the wages and rations of two others, if they choose to remain and work on the place, which must he met at once. The executor does not hand it over till next month. I am unwilling to shrink from anything that could rightly be expected of, me as' a duty to the Church, or even to the colony, but, as at present advised, the burdens are of a shell a nature, and the hope of any balance of profit for the purposes contemplated are so remote, and even then so small, that I am still hesitating to act personally under the terms of the will, xiii ; This need not prevent me stating, however, what I conceive to be desirable, and believe also to, be feasible in the future. I am disposed to advocate a bold and entire reconstruction of our whole educational arrangements if the Supreme Court or Parliament will 'grant the necessary power. The results so far obtained have not justified the re-opening of Christ's College, or its removal to Hobart. Local needs are supplied by the Hutchins' School, of which the bishop is visitor, by the High School, and by other institutions. The very effort to abstain from any avoidable rivalry with them, has been one cause of failure The age of admission was kept high for this per 1 pose. But now it seems to me there is a need and an opportunity. Certain overtures are under consideration which may still give a turn and fresh impetus to the fortunes of the college. I am anxious not to complicate matters or prejudge the issue in any way.' But this, I think, quite evident. There's room and need for a good school connected with our church, in the country, combining some technical teaching of agriculture, farm- ing, and the like, and training boys for matriculation at a Colonial, English, or Scotch University.' We are bound, too, by the terms of the original endowment, and the scheme approved by our Supreme Court to provide for the teaching of students intended for the Ministry. I cannot see any hope of success, except by clearing away the present impedi- ments and starting afresh. Is there any reason to doubt that Parliament would give an Enabling Act. If we can go to it with the claim to be empowered to utilise not only the college revenue, but the bequest of Mr. Toosey, for the interests of higher education in the colony, I have no fear that we should find our legislators deaf to the appeal. It may call for courage and effort to carry this out wisely and effectively. But the cause is worth all we can do for it, and the means ready to our hand are not trifling. I feel sure they would be supplemented, if any on oourngoinont were held out to those who have the power to help us. Before I leave the subject of theological training, let me mention that the difficulty and onus of increasing the number of our parish and the need, in a measure, and in some cases removed, would be greatly lessened by the employment of young men as curate or even lay readers, under the more able and experienced of the clergy. This is one thing we should aim at in our future or rangements. There is nothing from which I shrink more painfully and decidedly than sending an untried youth into a large country cure by himself. If I were to put my press- ing want and desires into a short and concise form I could not mention any thing with deeper conviction of their being sorely needed, than curates and young, strong, unmarried clergy to undertake mission work throughout the diocese, wherever they may be sent. These last would work under the Canon missioner when he is obtained and supply one of the most urgent of our needs in the present condition of the Church. Mean while I have to urge upon all who are listening to or may read my words, that there is one source of help available which, I trust only requires to be drawn upon to answer the demand. It is the assistance of the laity in conducting services, conducting our Sunday schools and general co-operation with the clergy in their parochial duties. We are prepared to welcome home and employ them in every way possible. There will be, I feel sure, no jealousy, no hesitation, no want of encouragement and sympathy the part of my clerical brethren. The fields are whitening under the light and the warmth of the Son of righteousness, and pence, and love. The harvest is plenteous and waiting for the sickle, but the labourers are low. Are there none standing idle ? It cannot be for lack of being called. I am ready to license them and author see their administrations. Will no one respond to my invitation and say Here am I. Send me ? I propose to offer to the clergy every facility I can afford for employing with the help and assurance it cannot but hold to faithful and right-minded members of our communion, the services of any willing and qualified lay persons under my licence and authorization,, And this in one sphere of work, in which hitherto it has not been customary to issue formal-licenses at all, I do not mean to impeach the practice now prevailing. Only men closed acquaintance with the Sunday schools in our various parishes, so far as I have had the privilege and satisfaction of forming it has tended to convince myself, as others are convinced, and assure me that there is room for improvement, need for better organisation and method, and above all for recruiting and con- solidating the ranks of their teachers, and bringing them into personal and definite relation with the authority recognised as competent to give special mission and character to those who desire to offer themselves for work in the Church of God, How shall they teach in the subordination and faithful obedience, and according to the order which is a very, token j and manifestation of the Spirit unless they be sent. Then there are needed, BO consciously and overpoweringly at times. unity, fellowship, sympathy, and the ROWer they impart. And so too some check to irregularity, to hasty taking up, and carelessly fulfilling, and as hastily and capriciously laying down, some safeguard also against presumption and self-confidence and w wilfulness on the one hand, and on the other distrust and want of courage and of hope, and further sadness, and despondency. We want less individualism, and isolation, and independent action. We need to feel that we are members of a living body, and are quickened by a common life, and to act out our professed belief in the one body and one spirit, and one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all. And this I think we shall be helped to believe more entirely and to remember more habitually, and so make a real element of ourselves, our lives, and our work, by the acceptance of a common rule and authorisation, and being formally licensed and brought into relation to the Bishop, when any feel called to become workers under him. What should follow upon this-I mean help, instruction, superintendence the part of the clergy-I reserve to be spoken of, at another time, to them. I must not detain you much longer, but before closing this address, I have to report to you my episcopal acts since vi of last met. I have during the year ordained two deacons and three priest?. I have collated Mr. Hogg to the parish of the Mai sey, it being in the patronage of the Bishop, and issued a commission, under which he was inducted by my friend, the Rev. C. W. Roberts, who resides in the parish. I have also Insti- tuted and inducted Mr. Finnis to the the parish of St. John's, Hobart Mr Row soil as his successor to that of Clarence, all on the nomination of the Council of Patron ago for the Southern Al chdeaconry. I have licensed Mr. Hancock to the temporary charge of St. David's parish; Mr. Cole to the curacy of Holy Trinity, Launceston ; Mr. Leigh Tarleton to the curacy of All Saints', Hobart ; Mr. Babington to a curacy in the Huon ; Mr. Binns to a curacy in the pan ish of Morven, with sole charge of Perth, Breadalbane, and Franklin ; Mr Hoinocker Martin to duty in the parish of New Town and Mr. Bryan King to the parish of Green Ponds. I have also licensed Mr. Roberts, Mr. Grantham Robinson, the Secretary of the Bible Society for Tasmania ; Mr. Pollard in temporary charge of D'Entrecasteaux Mr Easterling in the same position in West Tamar ; Mr. Earl at Hamilton and the Ouse ; Mr. Wilson at Tasman's Peninsula j and Mr. Träumer at Buckland, with permission to do duty in the diocese. I have consecrated the parish church at Brighton, the church which has been re-built at Sorell, the church at Jerusalem, in the parish of Richmond, and the church at Low Head on the Tamar, in the parish of North Dorset. I have licensed and opened for Divine service now churches at Springfield and Upper Ringarooma, both in the Dorset Mission, and have laid the foundation-stone of a new church at George's Bay, in the district of Cullenswood and parish of Fingal. I have visited or officiated, and preached in every parish in the diocese, and have confirmed in all 700 candidates, presented to me at 35 confirma- tions. I have attended the enthronement of the Bishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia and Tasmania, and the dedication of the cathedral at Goulburn, in New South Wales, and also been present at a conference of the whole of the Bishops of our Church serving under our Primate. I have received the resignation of Dean Bromby as incumbent of St. David's parish, and his formal admission into my hands of the deanery of Hobart. I need hardly say that I did this with regret at the loss experienced by his parishioners, and by the the case in which the Dean had served so faith- I fully and so long. And Ihavoaisorocclvod intimation of Mr. Watt's resignation of the wardenship of Christ's College, and proposed return to England. Mr. Whale will be missed by the many friends he has made in Tasmania, and the clergy he has so generously helped in their services. He will carry with him our strong regard and best wishes for his happiness and welfare. Happily, I have no occasion as yet to bid him farewell, as he does not leave us till next year. Dean Bromby resigned in January last the regis trarship of the diocese, and I have appointed to that office Canon Bailey, the Secretary of Synod. I have deemed it expedient to revive the office of Chancellor, which had for some time been in abeyance. My friend, Mr. Robert Patten Adams, Solicitor-General of Tasmania, and for many years Church Advocate in the diocese, has been good enough to do me the favour to accept the office, and he now sits beside me in that capacity. The Bishop is required to appoint temporarily to the office of Church Advocate when it becomes vacant, and at my request the Hon ourable Alfred Dobson kindly allowed himself to be placed in it, until the meeting of Synod, in succession to Mr. Adams. I have issued licenses, and, where needed, amended letters of institution to parishes they now occupy, in the case of all the clergy, whose papers presented to me at the time of the last Synod were found defective, and I have also issued licenses to six gentlemen presented to me for admission as lay-reader in the parishes of St John's, 'Hobart' (two), Hamilton, and the Ouse, Hamilton-on-Forth, Fingal, New Norfolk, and in connection with the services at, the hospital and charitable institutions of Hobart. Mr. Galer has, on my recommendation, been permitted by the Governor-in-Council to retire from active duty, on the usual permission, and so has closed a England has cured ministry in this diocese. In his case alone have to speak with a tinge' of regret on the score of health. He is far from well, and recommend him to your intercession and prayers. , ' "" ', ' ' , , " II sincerely wish I had arlarger,.and' better, account to give to you ' of Episcopal duties and work, at least attempted, to be done; It is their loss alas I but my'(o*ynr Continual regret that I have not-l*een'moro helpful,' and, of greater use to my clergy and people. I " have at least triodi'however imperfectly, to redeem my promise that I would visit as much of the diocese, and as far and widely as my time and strength would allow. Next year I hope to reach some parts not as yet, or not fully, visited. More especially I hope to j undertake the islands in the Straits, the extreme south and western coasts, the New Country and Lake district, and to make a second visitation through the Northern arch- deaconry. 11 have only now to crave your forgiveness for detaining at such length. As I draw to a conclusion the inadequacy of time and power to "deal properly with so great a theme as that upon which I have been speaking;, weighs on mo somewhat painfully. You will, know, cover w the your charity, and with your readiness to interpret favourably whatever one, so bound to you as I am, may say or do in the anxious endeavour to perform the duties of my office, the defects of my ministry and of this address. You will try to correct and make amends for them by your own I '.;; i " ' t i f i f i I I > is faithfulness and courage and zeal, your calmness and moderation, your brotherly spirit in action and debate . above all, by j your prayers and union together, with one another and with me, in the service of our Blessed Lord and Saviour. Consider what I say, and the Lord give you a right judgment in all things. May God the Father, God the Son, and l God the Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and keep you, now and evermore, in faith and love which are in Christ Jesus. Arnon. ' ' 1 ' ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. Mr JAS. BARNARD presented a petition from CO parishioners and members of St. David's parish, with reference to the report submitted by the select committee on the Cathedral, stating that the interests of the parish itself had been entirely overlooked by the committee, and praying that the Synod , would not adopt the report without introducing such modifications as would preserve the rights of St. David's parish. The petition was received, and ordered to be printed. In connection with the petition, the PRESI ' DEANE handed in the following statement : I " The Bishop, in concurring in the reception of a petition from certain persons, and of a report from a select committee, and with reference to any action on the part of the Synod with regard to the Cathedral Church of St. David, in Hobart, hereby declares and desires to put it on record that his doing so will not be deemed to affect or prejudice any right the Bishop and bishopric of Tasmania may have in the Cathedral Church, as derived by the Bishop and Bishopric of Tasmania from the Crown." CHURCH rnoPEiiiy. Mr. TARLETON moved,-" That the resolution of 1880 (Digest, p. GS) be repealed, and the following be substituted :-" The Synod shall not entertain any motion to authorise the sale, mortgage, or exchange of any church property, unless the Bishop and the trustees of church property shall have signified in writing their approval of such proposed sale, mortgage, or exchange." He said he fully understood the object of the resolution referred to, and concurred that unless the terms of alienation of church property were exceedingly favourable, it was undesirable to allow any such alienation. The means provided by the resolution to place a check on on the disposal of church property, however, had not been found effective, but to have retarded really desirable transactions. He believed the proposal now made would meet all the requirements of the case. Mr. OF COLMER seconded the motion, There was no doubt that the council of advice were not the best body to decide on matters affecting church property, and that the Bishop and the trustees would have better opportunities of making full enquiries into all proposals dealing with church property and of reporting to Synod. The motion was agreed to, The Rev. J. M. NORMAN said that this resolution would render unnecessary a motion standing in his name, amending the resolution referred to, and by the leave of the Synod the motion was withdrawn. Mr. TARLETON'S resolution was read a second time, ordered to stand a resolution of the Synod, and the President signified his assent to it A number of letters dealing with the disposal and exchange of church property in different parts of the diocese ? were referred, in accordance with the terms of the resolution, to the Bishop and the trustees of church property. DISPOSAL OF SURPLUS INCOME. , Archdeacon HALES moved : " That the claims upon the surplus income of St John's Church, Launceston, which were conferred by the Synod of 1879 upon the Parish of Holy Trinity, Launceston, but which, on the motion of Archdeacon Hales, were withdrawn at the Synod of 1882, be renewed in favour of the Finance Committee of the Diocesan Church Society in the Archdeaconry of Launceston, to be appropriated as the Synod may from time to time determine." The revenue' referred to was derived from a globe which was granted by the Government to St. John's Church at a time when there was no other Church of England in the town, and the grant was evidently intended for the whole town. There were now two other' churches in Launceston, and there seemed no reason why they should not participate in the benefits of the grant. The property, was rapidly becoming very valuable, and the only means of dealing with the matter seemed to be to leave the appropriation of the income to the Synod itself. ] Mr. F.'BELSTEAD seconded the motion. The PRESIDENT asked the Chancellor for his opinion as to whether an application that had been already abandoned could be revived, a resolution having been passed in the session of 1882 by which the claims at the Trinity Parish in the matter were surrendered. The CHANCELLOR (Mr. R. P. Adams asked for time to consider the point, and the motion was postponed till Thursday. PARISH BOUNDARIES. Mr. LOVETT moved,-" That a Select Com- mittees be appointed to revise the resolutions concerning the amalgamation of cures, and the number, description, and boundaries of parishes, and the schedules of the parishes, to sit during the recess and report to next Synod. Such committee to consist of Arch- deacons Hales and Davenport, Messrs. Solly, Stephens, Woollnotigh, Tarleton, Belstead, B. Shaw, and the mover." The motion was, after a discussion, agreed to. PATRONAGE. Mr. TARLETON moved,-"That a Select Committee be appointed to consider the resolutions relating to patronage, and to report at the next session of Synod." The principle at present adopted was that as the parishes themselves subscribed the larger portion of the stipends of their respective incumbents, they should be allowed a voice in the selection of their minister, but the machinery at pro sent in force had failed to carry out this principle. The parishes had hitherto had little or no voice in the appointment of their incumbent, and some enquiry into the matter was obviously necessary. He named the committee as follows Archdeacons Hales and Davenport, Canons Mason and Bailey, Messrs. F. Belstead, B. T. Solly, B. Shaw, R. P. Adams, and the mover. Rev. E. S. THOMPSON seconded the motion. Mr. BARNARD was afraid the resolution would be of little use, so far as the parishes were concerned. Mr. E. 0. SHAW believed that the whole power of patronage should be vested in the bishop, who was most capable of making a judicious selection. This course would save a great deal of wrangling, and if the parishioners desired any particular incumbent, he was sure the Bishop would give every consideration to their desires. Canon BANKS-SMITH said the matter of patronage was a very important one, and suggested that information should be obtained from other colonial dioceses of the system adopted by them in that direction. The SECRETARY said that he had very recently received a letter from one of those dioceses, asking what system prevailed in Tasmania. (Laughter.) The motion was agreed to STIPENDS OF CLERGY. Rev. J. B. W. WOOLLNOUGH (organising secretary) moved,-"That the Synod re- cognises, as the first claims on surplus income, increase of capital, increase of minimum stipend to £300 per annum with a parsonage, and the maintenance of additional clergy." He referred to the steps he had taken during the past year to improve the church finances, and the representations he had made to the laity throughout the diocese, which had resulted in his obtaining promises of subscriptions amounting to £300. fe trusted that the present motion would meet with the approval of the Synod. There was no doubt in the minds of the clergy themselves that a stipend of £300 with a parsonage was quite small enough, and he had found only one layman to assent to that opinion. The low minimum at which the stipend was at present fixed placed the diocese at a great disadvantage in obtaining a supply of clergymen. The necessity of additional clergymen in the diocese was fully recognised, and did not need to be argued. If the resolution were agreed to it would considerably strengthen his hands re-appearing to the laity. Mr. LOVETT seconded the motion. As Treasurer of the Church funds in the South he was glad to be, able Court that the pre- Bont year-would close with a clear balance in hand, and he believed this to be largely due to the exertions of the, organising secretary. (Applause) Canon MASON pointed out, that the whole matter would have to be discussed when the resolutions concerning the Church Society were brought forward. Rev. C. v AuanAN said it seemed ridiculous to talk of what they were going to do with, their surplus income, when hitherto they had been unable to fully meet their liabilities., At the same time; the clergy, would be grateful to the organising secretary for his attempt to increase the miserable stipends paid to them. He believed the resolution, if agreed to would lead to serious complications. ,í ¡ Mr TARLETON trusted that Mr. Woolf Gough's anticipations would be justified, and sympathised with the effort to increase the stipends of the clergy. There could 1M nor possible harm in adopting the resolution. I Mr. BELSTEAD could see no practical use in the resolution. In the Northern Arch-,, deacons the year, would close with a debit' balance, and he believed the present resolution would have a deleterious effect. Mr J SOLLY pointed out that the object of the organising secretary was to be placed in a position to tell the last, when he had to appeal to their generosity, as to where their surplus contributions would go. The motion was amended to read as follows :-" That the Synod directs that any surplus income shall be applied. (1) To the increase of the minimum stipend to- £300 per annum with a parsonage. (2.) To the maintenance of additional clergy. And (3.) To the increase of capital, in such propor- tions as may seem desirable." Rev. J. B. W. WOOLLNOUGH further explained the position of the funds at present, and replied to some of the remarks made by the different speakers. He did not believe that the position of finances in the North was quite so bad as had been represented. He was confident that the laymen were more fully aware of the true state of the case than they had been hitherto, and that the £800 - J. s . a ( ) 5ft 7 12 of l.' < ' I mentioned by him as promised during the past year would become an annual donation. The motion as amended was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. The Synod, at 10 o'clock, adjourned till 2.30 p.m. next day. 