JOHN BROWN: AND HIS DOG FAITHFUL BY REV. E. W. HOLDEN. LAWRENCE, CLARENCE RIVER, N. S. W. CHAPTER XXIV.—CONTINUED. Alone again was Hebe with the dead. Reader, do you know what it is to be alone with the dead? Do you know what it is to be shut up within four walls with only the eyes of the dead looking on you, and sombre look of the room, when the dead chamber is so hushed that you can hear the beating of your own heart : when the very atmos- phere of the room seems loaded, surcharged with death ; when you instinctively, with that hushed- tread gentleness that would lead an onlooker to sup- pose you were afraid to awaken the friend now no more ; when you are afraid to raise your voice above a whisper ; when you can feel the very air you breathe is clammy, cold, devoid of oxygen ; the supporting element of life throwing a pall upon the spirits, a depression that passes through your whole being, when you enter for the first time a damp clammy vault. If you have experienced all this, reader—passed through this ordeal—then you can realise to an extent the dreadful tension Hebe's nerves were strung to as she stood alone that evening. I say, to an extent, for remember, tho' Hebe, our heroine, tho' I say she was no ordinary child—yet, she was but a school girl—her feelings, those keen edged sensibilities that give us consciousness of pain or pleasure, tenderness or emotion, affections or pas- sions ; that raise our hearts to heaven, |or thrust us down to the lower world ; that waft us on the sweet music of the Zephyr wind, that is music to the soul that no Æolian harp can give, or lacerate us to the marrow of our being to an extent that no anatomist, with scalpel in hand, can dissect or describe. God has so ordained things, that woman has keener sensibilities than man. He has to meet the cutting frost of the world, while she is the balm in Gilead to temper the bleak wind to the shorn lamb ; and why, and how ? First, in and by God ; then by her delicate sensibilities. She is the main-spring to the clock. But oh ! my reader, a woman at times suffers for it. No joy without a sorrow ; no gift without its draw- back or danger. Mary, the mother of our Redeemer, was the most blessed among women ; but what said the aged Simeon to her, in the very temple of God, when her heart was over charged with joy on account of the birth of tho holy infant :—" A sword shall pierce through thy own soul." No joy without a sorrow ; a rose must have its thorn. Such is life here below. So the keen sensibilities suffer as the tender conscience when wrong is done. Hebe had only witnessed one other death—that of her father. She remembered that day, or rather morning, when the lamp gave light to the scene, Such thoughts acted on her sensibilities—the burn- ing lamp, the hushed chamber, the dead body. Her father she loved from the bottom of her heart. Now she looked on the one true, tried, faithful friend— dead. Think of all this, reader, and judge if you can sum up the orphan Hebe's feelings. The city physician arrived, and was at once ushered into the room of death. Keenly he scruti- nised Hebe as she stated her views, shaking his head every now and again, saying to himself,— A remarkable girl, a remarkable girl." After due examination of the body of John Brown, in a kind, sympathetic voice he said : " No use, no use, my dear young friend. What makes you think what you have stated to me ?" " Hebe, pointing to Faithful, said, " That true and noble animal." Another shake of the head. " Too late, my child, death has done its work, leav- ing no trace." " You can do nothing in this case then, sir ?" " Nothing, nothing, dear young lady. You seek repose, for this sombre chamber is no place for you. You are too anxious. I am afraid, if you do not seek rest, brain fever will supervene. Will you follow my advice?" " You mean kindly by what you say, sir. I am strong-minded, but not self- willed ; firm, but not hog-headed. I cannot at present carry out your advice—I have other work to do. Mr Achates will soon be here. I can trust him, so to him I will impart my plans. Good night, kind sir." " Strange girl, strange girl ; remarkable girl," mur- mured the kind-hearted physician, as he descended the stairs, putting on his gloves. Brain fever—per- haps death. Wonderful girl ; what eyes ! Reads your thoughts before they are uttered." " No help from you, no help on earth ; but there is in heaven, God is my help. Mr Achates, come quickly." For another half-hour was Hebe again alone, sit- ting by the inanimate body of John Brown. When Achates arrived at half-past 10 p.m., accom- panied by the elder Miss B., the landlord of the hostelry met them at the foot of the stairs, and in- formed them of all that had taken place. Achates nose and chin had never since their birth played such pranks as they did while listening to the prating, talkative innkeeper. The facial movements, up and down, went at such a rapid rate that electri- city appeared for the time to be the motive power, with mouth ajar. " I must think the matter over," said Achates, turn- ing to Miss B., "think it well over ere I enter the room. Hebe's words,—how strange. Strange, strange notion she has got into her head. Yet Faithful's actions ; it is a problem, an enigma I must have time to con over, to view before I meet the little one. What the solution will be I know not." " Well, do so ; point out the room, and I will go and comfort my darling girl—do what I can." " One word before you go, Miss B, don't thwart her, for if we act too much in a thwartly manner we both will have trouble. I will be with you in half an- hour. If I manage to come to a decision in that brief time, I shall have done well. Go now, Miss B., and be on your guard with the old dog." Miss B. entered the chamber with a gentle tread. As she approached Hebe a kind, sympathetic expres- sion spread over her face. She took the anxious watcher to her breast. No loving mother could have acted more kindly or tenderly to her first-born than Miss B. did towards the orphan. Hebe sobbed on the bosom of her senior for a time ; then she raised her head, and pointed to the bed. " I know all my darling girl ; your noble conduct, and what your opinion is. Worry not yourself ; we are in the hands of God, let us submit to his decree." " Yes, yes, dear Miss B. I do not wish my will to be God's, but His will mine. I feel I am right. That noble dog tells me so, and he is never wrong ; he has in some mysterious manner conveyed to my brain the impressions of his own. Where is Mr Achates ?" " He will be with us directly. He wished to think over your view of the matter. You know he ever requires time to work out a problem ; he is not quick at thought, as our late friend." " Late friend !" and Hebe threw herself on her knees by the side of John Brown's bed. The old dog immediately walked round and placed himself between the kneeling orphan and her teacher, remaining there as still as death till Hebe rose from her knees. " Will you not now rest, my child ?" " No, no, not now." "I will remain here, Hebe. You must keep up your strength. If you break down, my noble girl, your sufferings will be great afterwards ; you will never be satisfied not having seen the end. Keep up your strength for what you have undertaken." Hebe in after years blessed Miss B—— for those words of advice. " You are right, I have much yet to do ; but I must see Mr. Achates, first. He will remain here with his noble, generous-hearted friend. You require rest ; you have your duties. Let Mr. Achates come." Achates did come, entering the room as pale and ghost-like as the body on the bed. Faithful looked up as he entered, and gave a sub- dued whine ; then, putting his head on one side, as if to see if anyone was behind his master's friend, sniffed, as to be sure the almond-eyed doctor was not lurking behind. Even with this the dog appeared not satisfied, for he walked to the door,sniffed again, then walked, or rather trotted down the passage, and stoood at the head of the stairs looking down with ears erect ; then barked, as if challenging the physician or any other intruder to mortal com- bat. With that he turned his hind quar- ters on the landing, as was his wont, to show contempt ; used his hind feet with such vigour that he sent the foot-mat from the top to the bottom of the stairs ; then went back to the room, and sat looking as grace as if he were a judge trying and judging a most momentous case. In a subdued tone Hebe, addressing Achates, said : " What do you think ?" Achates, placing his left hand fingers in close proximity to his nose, replied : " I know not what to think just yet. I have weighed the case to a hair's breadth—as far as time would permit—and the equilibrium of the scales is so equally poised that the matter will require more thought." Achates' statement was not quite true, for from the bottom of his heart he believed Hebe wrong in her opinion ; but he dare not say so. He would save her pain ; he would gradually prepare her for the worst. He would not buoy her up too much, then dash her on the shoals of despair. On the other hand, he would not wound her at once beyond re- covery by uttering his thoughts. Hence his reply. " Well," said Hebe, with a light of hope in her eyes, I am glad, and thank God even for this reply from you. Mr. Achates, your words give me hope." The old dog put his nose against her hand. She threw her arms around his neck, and wept silent tears of joy. Hebe would not seek repose till Achates promised to sit by the side of John Brown, till she released him in his vigil. The old dog gave a piteous whine as she was leaving the room. The brunette returned, and after fondling the Newfoundland, she placed her hankerchief near the head of the bed, on the floor. The caresses and the pocket-hankerchief had the desired effect, for the dog stretched himself near the head of the bed, with his two paws and nose on the kerchief. We speak of " dog sleep," " sleeping with one eye open." Truly, Faithful did that night,for to all appear- ance one eye was open watching his master's face ; the other was closed as if in sleep. Achates sat on through the night, many, many thoughts surging through his mind during the hours of his vigil. Be not surprised, reader, when I tell you Hebe slept on till nearly ten o'clock a.m. Still Achates moved not from his post. Kind Miss B—— had entered the brunette's chamber at break of day, ere she returned to the city, to be ready for her scholastic duties and the annual examination. She had, with velvety tread, entered the room, closed the shutters, and closely drawn the blinds, so as to darken the room. That sleep of the orphan saved her brain, for sleep is the strongest of all medicines, when it is natural repose. History hands down to us that Lord Brougham, on his return to his house after his matchless, unique defence of poor Queen Caroline, went to his cham- ber, leaving strict command not to be disturbed, however long he might sleep. These orders were carried out to the letter, in the face of the consterna- tion of his servants, as the rising young barrister slept on for some forty-eight hours. Brougham's medical advisers afterwards stated most emphatically, that those eight and forty hours' repose nipped brain fever in the bud ; and tho' more than likely it was only the marvellously recuperative powers of youth that enabled him to fall back on nature's great remedy in one such great draught. His great, uncom- parable capacity for work to extreme old age may not improbably have been due to a constitution en- dowed with such means of repairing at night the waste of the brains during the previous day. On Hebe entering the bedroom of John Brown, she cast a swift glance first at the bed and then on Achates' face ; then gently sighed. The old dog went towards her, and licked her hand ; then marched to his post at the head of the bed. Achates had placed food and water near the New- foundland, but both remained untouched. In a voice that hardly ruffled the air, or broke the stillness of the room, the orphan said : " Go now, dear Mr. Achates, and rest," and silently she took the chair that Achates had risen from as she entered the room, at the bedside. " Rest," soliloquised fidus Achates. " Rest ; there is none on earth for me now. The friend of my youth, the one true companion of the meridian of my days, has gone beyond recall." Achates quickly left the room, feeling he would be unmanned—break down. He feared to cope with our heroine ; to combat her opinions, to speak his views, to give her a death-stab, to meet her questions to be catechetically queried by the strong-minded school girl. So he went. Looking at his watch, as he reached the landing he said : " Half-past ten ! The coffin is to be here at eleven sharp ; what am I to do ? . . . If she sees it, it will unhinge her mind. The sight of it,—the tolling of her death-knell !" Quickly he sought the master of the house, and was closeted with him for some time, conferring how to act. The sombre, melancholy six-feet box reached the inn unknown to our heroine mourner. Within a locked room it was placed, and the bearers informed when they would be required to " screw the gentle- man down." Then they would receive their orders about the hearse. About 5 o'clock p.m., Achates succeeded in getting Hebe to go to her chamber to get a few hours' repose. Immediately afterwards he dispatched a note to Montague Academy. Miss B———, on receipt, sent off a note to Lynd- hurst. The barrister was out, so the note remained at his hotel till 8 o'clock. On his return, he read the mis- sive, with a sardonic expression on his face. " Dead ! John Brown dead !" running his fingers through his hair with astonishment, yet savage glee. Good, clears my path, sweeps away some of the entangled web, opens up an avenue through the labyrinth reaching to my goal. Achates I fear not, now eagle is no more. Yes, death terminates the agreement regarding Hebe ; she must by law come at once under my care. No, I fear not Achates, now hawk-eye is dead." Lyndhurst forgot the French proverb : ' Chatéau en espagne. He continued : " That chit was strengthened and backed up by John Brown. Why should I not give her a strong narcotic? Go to by-bye. Verdict, felo de se, on account of John Brown's death ; then I as her uncle and guardian, get possession of her goods and chattels. This the eloge (funeral oration). I must try and hasten the funeral, and put my plans into execution. Well, I must at once be en route." The B.A., after taking a Satan's fortifier, left the hotel for the cab-stand. The paroquet-nose had left its perch ; poked that beak round a corner, as if looking for some one. Parrot chirped, as if satisfied ; then chirped again : "Something in the wind,—to the fore at once. Yes, something on the tapis, or why his quick move- ments? I will quicken my movements, so be in at the death." The man of Lincoln's Inn hailed a Jehu ; entered his cab. Parrot's nimble action enabled him, unseen, to perch behind the chariot, and as that rara avis held on the vehicle, it heard the words : " Half a sov., cabbie, if you reach——hotel, Kew, in half time." The paroquet gave a subdued whistle, and felt its nose. Lyndhurst entered the hotel, and was shown into the room of death, Achates simply nodding his head to the barrister, while the old dog showed his teeth and lashed his tale in a very significant manner. De Wert walked into the inn at once, and entered into conversation with the landlady, and so ingra- tiated himself that the hostess contrived to give him a private interview with Hebe. De Wert said, on her entering the room,— " Pardon, Miss Handslip, for me intruding myself upon you at this hour, and seeking an interview in the hour of your great grief." The orphan bowed stiffly. " Mr Brown was well known to me, and tho' I am to you a total stranger, yet you are far from being unknown to me. So permit me to say, I asked to see yon to aid you to the utmost of my power." Hebe inclined her head. " Have Mr Brown or Mr Achates ever mentioned to you one Entre nous ?" The brunette for a moment placed her hand on her forehead, as if to think and cool her tired brain, and then gave a slight start. "Yes, yes, Mr Brown once said very seriously, ' Remember, you have, if I mistake not, a firm friend in one Entre nous.' I questioned my dear guardian, but he was silent." " I am Entre nous, Miss Handslip, and would prove my, or rather Mr Brown's words, by asking you to trust me. There is a question I would ask, tho' painful to you.— ' Are you perfectly satisfied Mr Brown came by his death naturally ?" " Oh ! sir, what do you mean ? Explain, for pity's sake ?" " Miss Handslip, calm yourself please ; I only speak knowing you have an enemy, and perhaps that enemy would try to reach you through your late firm friend." " Name, sir, that enemy, for I am ignorant who that enemy is." Hebe drawing nearer to De Wert as she spoke. "Yes. I will name him ; but at present let it be in confidence. I will pain you, but I know you to be strong-minded, having heard much about you. Your enemy is your uncle Lyndhurst. Start not ; I see by your face you know it. To- night I saw your uncle hastening here. I dogged his steps—pardon me, mademoiselle, for the expression—and learned on my arrival from the landlady that Mr Brown was no more. I have made a vow to protect you at any cost from your enemy, so again allow me to put the question.—Has Mr. Brown come by his death in the due course of nature ?" " Yes, yes, rest fully at ease on that point. Uncle" —she said the word uncle with a quiver—" has no hand in this. May I ask how you know my father's only brother is my enemy ?" " Ten thousand pardons, mademoiselle. Let it suffice now for me to say, a word in the columns of the Argus addressed to Entre nous will find me in your hour of need ; and remember poor Mr Brown's words." De Wert was gone—gone ere Hebe could speak a word. The orphan stood alone in the room, dazzed, be- wildered. How much more she wanted to ask, but he was gone—mystery. She recalled his every word, and saw he was more than in earnest. Then there were the words of John Brown—Remember. Her uncle was in the house, the stranger said ; he had dogged his steps. She would not see him if she could help. Confidence ! Yes, towards Lyndhurst. He said nothing of confidence as regards Achates ; she would speak to him, for was not Achates her guardian's friend—Fidus Achates. This Entre nous spoke of Achates. Why should he have made a vow to protect her at any cost? His words she would remember. All these thoughts rushed through the orphan's mind. 