SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB WINTER MEETING. If the weather be fine to-day there is likely to he a large gathering at Flemington. Their Excellencies Sir Henry Lynch and Sir William Jervois will visit the course, and their pre- sence will lend additional attraction to the meeting. The programme, which indicates that there are likely to be highly interesting events, is as follows :— MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. lo start at lo clock Asnccpstaloof r sovs each £110 ft. vi 1th 150 added 1 or all horses vv hieb liai e uei cr vi on all a lvei Used hurdle race or steeplechase Horses which havo neier started In a htirdlo raeo allotcd 71b which must Io chimed at time of ontrj Tho seconl horne to reielvc 2j sovs and tho third 10 sois out of tho stake 1 vrs oi 1 to ia, ) 9st 71b 4 1rs 10 t lib 6 jil 0 jis and aged, 10»t Klb About tuo miles Et lb Mr J O Inglis s b m Brenda Ovrs 10 10 Mr. J. Whitehead 's b g Star i 10 0 Mi J Scobie 's b c Borderman 4irs 10 S Mr J Ware s brf Lady Teazlele 4)M 10 S Mr J G Reid h oh i, The Ghost OjrB 10 2 Mr R G Talbot a br g Paddy Melon, 4) ra 10 2 Mr W S Cox s h h Cockboat 4 j ra 0 12 Mr R Phillips s br g Kit Nubbles 4 vrs 0 12 Hon W Pearson 's b f Gasalier, 4 J ia *t 0 10 Mr J O Inglis s h c, Stafford 4 )M 0 0 Mr A M'Donald 's b g Omadhaun, 3yrs 9 9 Mi A F Sullivan 's br g Hazard J j ra 0 0 Mr O Davis 's b c Ditto J yra 0 0 MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE AsiveepstikcBof 5 sois each £1 10s ft, with 100 added roi all It rses vihicli havo never won a steel lechase Horses which havotieier Btartel lu a steeplechase or hurdlo race allowed 101b, which must bo claimed nt time of entrv The « c ml horse toi c ive 2 sovs and the third 10 toi s out of the stake lyre ol I to corr) lost 4 Jiaoll lost 101b f, vrs ll«t 01b 0 j ra and aged, l_st About tu o miles and a (iliaitor st 11. Mr S Miller s b g Kulkyne aged 11 11 Mr A Taylor 's g.g Marquis of Waterford, Ovra 11 11 Mr W Calvert na be. Holyrood aged 11 11 Mr R Howies 's b g Kingston 6 v ra 110 Mr. W M Moran s bg The Baron 5jra 11 0 Captain J. Haimes 's a bg Yanco ivra 11 0 Mr E M Bond a io g Robin Hood 5 vrs 10 10 Mr W Dalrymple 's b g Goodwood fjrs 10 10 Mr. W Yeates 's b or br g Bard of Erin 4 vrs 10 7 Mr W B Cumming 's bl g, Sir Fyans 4 vis 0 11 GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE A ban li ap ance| stakes' of 10 sovs each 3 ft, with lOOaddel The suou I horse to lecelvo 60 sovs and the thud j sovs out of tho stake About Mr H R Falkiner 's b g Ringwood 5jrs 12 7 Mi D S Wallace 's b j, Don Quixote, 0 j ra 1118 Mr J O Inglis 's b h Malua 4jrs 1112 Mr A F Sullivan s t li Yately uged 11 0 Mr S G Cook 's b g The Joker 6) ra 11 2 Mr J Whitehead 's b g Star need 10 12 Mr S G Cook 's b g Basilisk a"cd 10 9 Mr A F Sullivan s b g Ontario 5)re 10 8 Mr W Cortis 's cb g Flamborough, 0)r« 10 6 Mr J O Inglis 's b g Sundowner, aged 10 3 Mr W Neil 's br m Yarree, 6yrs 10 S Mr J O Inglis 's b g Stafford 4 j ra 10 S Mr J M'Grade 's br h Tantaliser, f v ra 0 11 Mr H R Falkiner 's bgWestern lyra 9 10 Mr R G Talbot 's br g Paddy Melon 4jrs 9 10 Mr J Ware br m Lady Teazle, 4yrs 9 10 Mr J Simson 's br c Sinking Fund 4 yrs 9 0 GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. A handicap hucepstukes of IS sova each, 4 ft, with 4(0 a lied Hie second horse to receive 50 sovs mid the thhd -j sois out of tliebtakc About llncc-miles st lb Mr. J Harbottle s br g Blackthorn, nc.cd 12 12 Mr E Weeks b m Lizette aged 11 6 Mr A Taylor a b g General Jackson aged 11 2 Mr W Neil 's g Chippenham need 11 0 Mr N Wilson 's bg Katunga i Djra 10 10 Mr M Loughlin s b|, Fame li yrs 10 9 Mr I O Inglis s br g Sundowner aged 10 8 Mr T Jones 's b g Australian Court tíjra 10 7 Mr J M'Grade 's br g Moonlight aged 10 7 Mr J Horner 's bri. All Serene aged 10 li Mr R Howie 's br g Union aged 10 S Mr W M Moran sbgThe Baron 6 vrs . 10 2 Mr W E Power 's b g Friendless, 5yrs 0 12 Mr A Dowling ns bg Hands Down 6yrs 9 7 SELLING HURDLE RACE A sweepstakes of s sovs each 1ft vv Ith 100 added VV eights as in Malden Steeplechase Vi inner to bo toll ior i, O 71b allowed for ever) £"j reduction in selling ¡in c Ino miles st lb Mr J O Inglis 's br gaged 11 1' Mr. T. Corrigan 's br h Prospect, need (nil) 11 0 Mr W Niel 's br m Yarree 0 yrs (lill) 10 12 Mr T Tones s b g Merri Ovrs (nil) 10 11 Mr I Calverts e g Ned Kelly 6 j ra (nil) 10 0 Mr. J. Scobie 's b c Borderman 4yrs (nil) 9 10 FLAT RACE A handicap of 0 sova each el 10« ft, with ISO added lol two jcar olds au 1 upivauls Lowest weight to be not less thnu 7st Olio mile st lb Mr II R tall iiicrs bg Ringwool Ijra 0 8 Mr S Mulei s b or br c Boolka, 4 j ra » 7 Loid W Ileresford s b c 11 issauio 4vra 0 0 Mr J Whittingham a die Ironmaster 4jrs 8 12 Mr U s \\\ illnees g f plicnu-l J Jil 8 11 Mr S Oardlnei s eli c C olden lluttcrll) 4 )ra S 10 VIr A M Don ild u br g Ronnie Ree aged 8 0 Mr J O Ingliss b g Stafford 4 vrs 8 8 Mr J lateisjiia big lîiaek Diamond aged 8 tt Mr W Halle) sell f Virago 4 )is 8 4 Ml J G RelUbli tioifoll Ivis 8 8 Mr! Weeks a be Reculator J vis 7 11 Mr li Loiiusbm Hello Urandoii Ovra 7 li Mr I I Smith s h li Liberator li ) ra 7 11 Ml I It CowcllsbinCaatuivn) 4)rs 7 11 VIr S Millers ho lollleroo J vrs 7 10 Mr A Sclinan s In f Too Too s j re 7 0 Mr II lishciabf lui) (Ilse 4 vrs 7 7 Mr s Cordillera b f Lions Ladv 3 j ra 7 0 Mr Vi Walsh a cb g laver a.rcd 7 4 Mr W Calvert iib eli c lellon Hammer, 3 vrs 7 0 Il Bïron Moori, Sec V R C Yesterdny a fnir nmount of business wns trnnsneted over the Mniden Hurdle Race, and alter 100 to 20 und 100 to 25 had been booked in fnvour of Hnznid the colt ndvnnced to 100 to oO Stnfford mine in for support ut 100 to 20, which priée was ulso taken about Lad) lenzie und 100 to 12 vvns nccepted lu favour of Hie Ghost lor the Grund Nntionnl Hurdle Rnce Ringwood was in most demund at 100 to 25, closing nt 100 to 30 offen d, Don Quixote being next in demand at 100 to 20 taken , 100 to 2> wns on offer Ontario was ni aome demand at 100 to 1 > Tor the Grnnd National steeplechase ollera ot 100 to 30 on the field did not lead to business lhere waa a good deal of double event wager ing during the evening, the favourite aelee tiona bung somewhat cuaier, and prices ranged from 100 to 4 to 1, 1 nendless and General Jackson being in demand for the Steeplechase viviniN nuiiDbt met 3 to 1 agst Hazard (tkl S - 1-btolford (ti ) 5 - 1-Ladj Teazle (ti ) 100 - 12-The Ghost (tk) OHVND NATION VI HURDLE IIACL 100 to JO u"8t Ringwood (off) 100 - -Don CJulxotc (off 100 to 20 tk) 1U0 - lo-Ontauo (tk) MUND NVTIONAI STEElLEGRASE. 100 to ¡0 offered on the Held RACING Sporting men will regret to hoar that Stockwell who was engigcd in the Mel bourne mid Caulfield Cups died at the train ing establishment of Mr R Howie last night lrom disease ot the kidneys Hie horse had bien ailing for some time und had been throw n our < t work 1 ROI UNG The disqualification oi 1 Brennan for un fair driving of Little Dick at the December meeting ol the Vietonun lrottmg Club, has been removed GI 1 LONG WIMER RAC1 Hie lollowmg entries were received bj the seeretnij jeaterdaj for the above meeting to be held on butuiduy, August 2 - 1IUIID11 livci Mr D M Johnson a bl g Sir Patrick livra Mr J Simpson «bli Slid ¡u" lund 4 j ra Mi D S Walluceabg'Don (JiiUote )ia VIr I Warcsbr lu Lull leazlc 1ms Mr I Scobies be HouJus 0)ra Mr O I W 1 aimer s eli g I rent I) ra Mr 1 Da) » eli g Illa«, liai Ojra Mr I u lug las b g Sundowncl aged Xlr J Wluleliealsbg Star n"cd Mr J Mlittlin"liunisbg Nutlod aged Mi 1 luncsabg Merrie Ojia Mr R 1 Ililli) sa bli hit Nul bles 4) ra uah w u si VMS Mr A I Bra Ishaw ali, '?ntlre n"ed Mr It S VI iule) »cb ni Madeline S)rs Mi I Burna a li I Dun Ivis Ml I Ware s eli li lillee uira Ml It Homo «the se ii oi e -vra Vii S Mil cr s bo lallleloo J vrs Mr I O ln"lnsbg S aijinouclio Cvis Mi I «ison Jim » i li h One swoik 4)rs Mr I Wliltliu" uni s bli lim jon 2)ia Mr J it co eil s a in tistawai 4)ra VIr V Saiuis bg squliiiii Ovia Mi R I billli i s-1 orlr" Amelia Victoria Syr« Mr W I carson «cb g Primus l)ra Mi I I ittci »on s big Dink DI mund aged Mi J Wilson s hi riollei vrs Mr W Branchs eli f Bonne I ortunc "vrs Mr J D Robertson s 11 c 1 reeioua Stone, J ) ra sin i itenvsi Mi It Howica bg Dinon n"cd Mr M 1 oil"hlill a b g I allic Bj IS VIr \V Morana bg Tie Baron jin Mr J B C »lab g1 illili» ll"cd Jlr N Wilson si g h ituiign f vra VIr It Howica b g Kingsion 0 i ra Mr W V cates s li or I r g Bird ol Lrin 4 vrs VIr W 11 Cun minga bl g Sir 1 jans 4 jrs Mr J Hornero I rg All Selene ag'd Mr I Di) sehg Blizaunv OjH VU J W Kirk s b in Maid of the Mist fi yra Xlr W Nells be dill penliam a"c I Mr M Jacobs a b in Llzetto uged WINI* It HANDICVI Mr R Howica elie Seahorse -ira Xlr W Cali ci ta cb c1 ello v Hummer 3 j ra Mr R S M lulevschin Madeline 6 j ra Mr 1) S Wallace s b g Don (Julxote £>jrs Mr I Ware» eli li Irr dee 5 yrs Mr II 1 Ishci s b ni Imp ilse 4 1rs Mr X1 1 Whlttiagg Oin 1 uu\ aged Mi I Wilsons jim cb b Oucssiiork 4 vrs Mi I Wblttlngl miallo Timboon 2)is VIr I I uttersoua 11 g Blick Diamond aged Vii W Bri nob s b in I IttlBhlstel Jyro VIr V. 1 Bra ishaii s cb c 1 chow Hummer Syr« Mi J D Rubcitsousll i I reclous Stone, J ) ra 81 MINO 1-LAl HVCh. Mr VV Calverts g g sulphur 0)is nil Xlr It binilcv » br " I") roue 4 J rs ¿-j Ml 1 lhuiut.br Don Ililli Mi 1) S Wallaciabf Mrs darloy, 3)ra nil Mr S Miller a bro lair vrK nil Mi A Davies a gin Josephine Uvr« nil Mr J Saqul b bl li Hannibal, aged lill Mr I O-Jugllss bg Scaramouche 0 j ra, nil Mr I A Lung » br li I otrel 0 yrs, nil Mr W Pearson a eli g I riinu» A j ra. nil VIr J D Robertson a I or lu li Koh I noor, 6 yr«, 11101 TINO RACK. Mr P Motonci s u e Trj Mp og d Mr F An Ire sen s br ni Rose -¡red Mr N Orama i, (r Doctor aged Mr M Nowtonsblc _|»rklo iced Mr I G Itod Iv na 11 m I libra aged Mr M K Gulla» a Inn Noll acod Mr i- J Upjohn* b g Not tune agc! Mr I I U) john ant. Sill or King o(,cd Mr M tarrarHbrg ¡scrubber accd Mr - To Id b eh i, Inlk. aged Mr H Bra Ifield ns b g Spark 5 v ra Mr li Brodllcli ns bin Sib)I aced Mr D Collins us b If Little DIcif, aged Mr F ltobl Ilia s b g Captain Dart orn aged Mr W Brooks a t, in Colleen Haw n aged J D Romnbon, Sec. G R C BURNSDALE ii .cn MrnnisG [13V aiLLGU.PII] (1R05I OUR OWV CORUEIPONPFNT ) BAIRNSDALl , 1 iiidat The tollow mp nominations were received lo night for the \\\ inter Races, to be held on the listinst - 1 IUTTFR Mr Tîurnett s Secrecy Mr V» hltbournc a Quondong Mr Smiths« ivckt Mr -until a Trol Itomlo Mi U Call ert s Urlmstono Mi John Cull ci t a loliuliuwk Mr Johnson Hoes II)ron Mr M Giaka Ard ltu,h Mr M I cod s Talk alvo Mr mists Dei Hil oof Mr Woodal~td) in Dark Mr M ood a Matu Mr Davies a Ditto VVINT-KlWiDIOAP Mr Whitbounu-a Quondong Mr SiittlisWavcht Mr \V Cohorts Ilrhnstono Mr I Calverts Touial auk Mr Johnbon Boes Orphan Mi VI Grade s Ard High Mr M Uo 1b ralliât»ü Ml Busts Dclilshoot Mr Wood a Lid) lu Dark Mi Dal les a Ditto 1IURDI- RACE. Mi M Donal 1 s 1 uztlo Mr Smiths Wavelet Mr Vi Calverts Hobin Mr Johnson Boc a Orphan Ml M Leod a Aaion Mr Hllatends Marm Mr J Calvert s Veritas COURSING WATERLOO CUP MEETING lull 16 1?, and l8 President-Sir \\\ J Clarke Vice presidents -Messrs \\\ Cooper, \\\ 13 Rounsevell and J U Scott Ireasurer-Mr 1 \\\ beckwith Ung Steward-Mr J Wolsten holme Slip Steward-Mr A T Ihomp son Secretary-Mr J Munda) Judge Mr r Oatcnb) Slipper-R. U Banner vi wkiiloo eui 1 or 04 oil asea titi: J j cull Winner £4"5 and tho Goulet Champagne Trophl valuo TO |,uinca3 aecon I £100 third at I (ourth £47 10s each four »vltinora of thruc courses £ b 10s each ei|,htwin ners of tw o courses x10 each sixteen wlnncra of one courbe £0 10s each deducted for VV atcrloo 1 urae £"04 fa deducted for W iterloo 1 late £137 l63 cl| enaea £SiO lotal £1 COO \I Mr R Chirnside a bk » d Mclfort by Bedfellow Aunt Martha beat lion W M Culloch a r w d Monsoon b) Chester-Mint mid won thoatako WATERLOO 1 Ullbl For 32 dogs beaten in tho flist round of tho cup Winner £ 1 fs socond £ a 10s third and fourth £14 ia each four winners of tv,o courses £0 10s each tight winucra of ono course £4 15s each Total £204 is III Red Hind beat Silver Kin, Hampton Court beat Ballarat W innio Bashml Irishman beat La 1) Audley li 1 hlllstino beat Miss Lizzie Mr Hancv tatterson» bo w d Philistine L Vim-ltliièie beat Mr V Davis ns (Mr T rtcan a) be v\ tk p Hampton Court bv Kio Tinto bue und won the stoke W miuoo PIA» For 16 dogs 1 eaten in tim second round of tbo Cup Wini ci, £71 l->s second £»8 10a third aud fourth £0 10s. each foul winners of olio courso £4 lis each total £1.7 15a II Sam s I nek beat Dutch Oven Mockan.er beat Mornington Cowslip II bcatCiralda Kcal Grit beat I loseli ii c IV Mr J Cookson na (Mr li I*rascrs)f w b Beal Grit bv Chosti r-Mint beat Mr A Mian tis (Mr It Chlni sides) rw d Moekau.er b) Duke of Cumberland Dals), m d won ti o siukt Hie twelfth Wnterloo Cup meeting of the Victoria Coursui- Club was brought to a satis factory conclusion )csterda) at the oval lhere was a fuir number ot pussengers m the special the 17 couises required to com plete the programme offcrinc, a ver) lair da» s sport lu the mormnc, there was a rumoui that Meltort was shcjitl) lame, but this was promptly contiadictcd and after events showed that the dog could not possibly have leen ni better form Hie suspense of the South Australian division who had thus lar made a bold bid for hic,h honours, was soon relieved Siesta was beaten by that wonderful greyhound Monsoon but the winvvasnotatall a one sided nlluir and no one was vci) conli dent about it until the ling went up At the most Monsoon could only hav e had a point or so the best ot the tnal and those who lind backed him would have liked a little more vi.our considering that another course was still require 1 to settle the matter Hie course between Mclfort and the other South Australian Castanet »vies much more to the 111 in(, ot the triends of the nnpoitcd dog Meltort moved in vei) fine st)le und Cas t met took no prominent part m ti c course In the linal course it was felt that a very great deal depended on the Btyle ol hare that cume through the trap door to run before the erael s \\\ lth a strone,, straight going hare Mellorts pace and line dilling powers were sure to bring lum to the front lut with a dodging hare Monsoon w ho seems to use his Inn I lees in a woiiderfull) expert way when turning w mid have the advantage lora loiij, time notlniic, but even money could be _ol for although Mclfort in his lutter courses was improving rapidly as compared with Mr Al Culloch s ilog the hares on the other hand, weie runninc, poorly, and there had been a much greater proportion of kills than on either in" Just as the dogs wore about to be placed in the slips the slight odds ot D to 4 were oflercd on Mel fort 1 lie pmr were sent away from a¡,oodslip and trom the enclosure Monsoon appeared to have a strong lead but this was accounted tor jin ti) li) the respective posi tions ol the ilo"M and the speetatois Before the pmr lind tone a hundred yards from slips the t, ip between them was closing rapiell) and soon the blacl dog shoivcd clear in trout He turned three kn"tlis m advance ot Mou soon and thin hwiiic,ui_ roun 1 placed his o| poucnt but with a stout hure Monsoon onl) muna-cd two wenl wrenches Meltort came a_aiu and Hew ver) wide duini_us vicloubl) us though it was his lirat run for the season Monsoon tjok the opening and wieiichedthehaieweakl) beiorcit[,< t to cover 1 »cr)one knew it was a pratt) close thine, bul the) had their ideas as tj the result and when the white lla_ went up lor Meltoit a loud cheer told that the judc,e had hit popular opinion cxactl» It was afterwards stilted that Mclfort bud won b) a I ere half point Hie majority ol the onlookers allowed bun a slightly linger b ilunce than that the (.eneral estim itc being two points oi there aboutB Melf rt is a 1 lael and white dot impoitedb) Skiddaw ol J li Australasian tor his present ow uer Mi Roheit Chirnside who had sullieicntl) recovered Ironi a len nt accident to be picsint on mudies und see the victory of his do- Betöre coming to tins colon) he i in throu.h a bit, stuke at Oostoith pall Jil the last »\uterloo Cup he won his first course lutliiiHilhinisi.il and was bent« n 1 \ J i-iideiiinin attir an un decide 11 lurse His rathera peculiar com cidincc that in Ins t»vo first courses in the picsent stake he put out Philistine and Real l nt »»ho ultimate!) mon I the winners ol the Wat rloo lurse and Hate respeetivcl) Hie other do.s that went down betöre lum weie \\\ runnier lhuft Custnnct and Mon soon so that it cannot be said that he earned Ins position by mectinc, weak c,rc) hounds, ir nnv other fnvonriblc cireuiii stance Mellorts pcdigiee is a thoroughl) good one, as he is by lied tellovv-Aunt Martini, and the sue is b) Contango-lied o Stone, the latter the w inner ol ihc 1 nallah Matciloo Cap ni the jem 187.! 1 ollowmg down the lines of his l cdic,rcc several Wnterloo Cup winners crops out so that no fault can be found with hisbiecdinc, Mclfort was brought to slips by his trainer. Walter Melrose, in splendid condition and lie improved so much in going through the stake that at the finish lie waa lit to be.in the programme neain 1 ¡ure could be no doubt that the lastest, if not absolutely tin» (loveiest dog in the b4 cune to the end of the stake if there wns ever mi) doubt heie about Monsoon s wonder lui powers it was removed b) the position lie helel at the finish 1 cw ¡,rc hounds have been put to huch a severe season s work, and survived it so cieditably I list year he won the Derby, and after being successful in two courses in the \\\ aterloo Cup was put out by Legerdemain the doe, that beat Melfort in the same event lins season Monsoon won tlie S)dnt) ASateiloo Cup. and ran up to Oooroc in the Great Southern Cup 'Itiosc two I itter events coming bo closely before the Victenan \\\ aterloo Cup were considered to bave prejudiced his chances of success in this stake Monsoon put out some very good tre) hounds m Mitnifesto, Allister David Cap rivity, Carimgamite and Siesta, and during his career has won 24 out of 27 courses, being now only m his second season bight good dogs were left in the Waterloo Parse on lhursday evening and the pair left in to run tim deciding course were Philistine and Hampton Court Hie former, as already stated, was put out by Melfort m the opening round, but m his subsciiuent courses showed himself to be u thorouglil) good puppy, and ran with great dash m all his couises In the linish with Hampton Court, he bad v cr) much the b«8t of it, and gamed a deciBiv e win The winner of the Pinto turned up in Real Gut, a very clever greyhound, and the winner of a stake run a few da) * ago under the auspices of the Prahran Coursing Club When next the game she works very closely, and is almost too clever w i th her teeth, as, with one exception, she killed every hare she was slipped to ut the meeting In the final course with Mockungcr, she led Mr Chirnside'« Becond string, who had v ery little to say in the course «. The meeting was thus pleasantly wound up after three da)s' excellent coursing, and amongst the losers there were fewer grum biers than usual after such an important event. In one or two instances popular opinion waa opposed to tho judges ruling, but m all the more important trials all were luianinious Banner bus hud so much expert euee with the slips, both in the oval and the open country hereabout, that his abilit) to satisfy ever)one is alwii)s taken as a toie gone conclusion The arrangements for the meeting were entuely satisfactory, and Mr Munday ia to be congratulated on the sue cessful issue ot his laboura for the laat lew weeks. The details of the ruuning arc as fol- low - THE RUM.Its.0. Watimoo Piath- Hrst Tics-Dutch Oicn had tlio best of the run up against -ama Luck, but coming to tho hare went very wide, and gavu Sam's Luck a chanco to make aofuo cowl polu-i, which ho took full advantage of, working vere close to the hare and killing ¡Sam s Luck vv ou a abort but satis fuctory trial 1 bo saino could not bo said of Morn iugton and Mockangcr, tlio tolmer being unsl- htcd abort!) otter killing tlio slips, und the course waa left entirely to Mockangcr-a tlioroughli unsatisfnc tory iiflalr Cowslip li led Giralda by six lengths from slips, and scored several times before tlio lattor through tbo favour of tho hare got in Cowslip II cuino again, and wound up tho course with a kill-ashoitbutdccljiiotliulall In favour of Mr Hepburn s bitch Proserpine and Beal Grit were a pair of tho same stamp, botn slow in tile run up, hut good in possession, and towards the close of tho course frosirpino was best out of slips, but Beal Grit passed her before tlio tiaro was gamed, and scored several points 'llieothet was then placed, the sty lo of botlegrc)hounds being vtrv similar At the finish Beni Grit carno again, and was u winner b) something moro than her luirltorious kill Watkuioo I'uiisk - Second Tics-Red Hind was slight!) faster than Silver King in the run to tile hare, and did tho smartest work at the start The King then got in, and lor a time thore were somo ver) even exchanges, Mr Siotts dog, if an)thing, having slightly tho best of It low ords the linish lied Hind piled on a few moro points, and lila victor) waa quite assured when the hnre got awav Hampton Court beat Ballarat Wlnnie in the run up, and worked v en closo to thu tiaro when lu possession Whateeer chance Ballarat Winnie lind of winning abo dcstlo)cd by killing as soon as ever sho was placed Ibu deel sion very approprlatcle was for Hampton Court Bashful Irishman led Ladv Audley Ii, und got a few pointe at the start that pioved vcr) U5cful to him In pobsession Lad) Audley was much the moro clevor of the two. and if the Irishman had not made tile best uso of his occasional openings ho must have been beaten Tho bltob wound upwlth a crois kill that Just about destro) ed her chance, aa the flag went up for Bashful Irishman-a ver) close thing Indeed rilllibtlno led Miss Ll-rlo to tho hare, and beat her almost polntlcsa, winding up the course with aver) good kill, and tolng in first class at) le through out VV atfiuoo Cm -Fourth Tie*.-Great interest waa now being takqu In tbo Cup ruiiulug, and tile courses were clo9cly watched Monaoon, the Victorian crack, faced the boutb Australian bitch Siesta. Monsoon lou and Mr M Culloch's gro) hound had just about scored the first honours when tho hare swerved In the rest of the course tho haro fav ourcd the South Australian bitch a good deal, but Monsoon bad alwajsa trifle in baud, and when a good strong hare broke away he was left the winner with tbo barest little to spare Melfort and the other South Aus trallan, Castanet, were then plnccd in tho Blips. Castanet showed in front as the) left tho slips, but Mclfort grnduall) luado up his ground, and quickening up wonderfully towards the finish took llrst turn Ho remained in possession for some time, and Cusuinct.onl) managing to get a fow points at the end of tbo coun>c,was bund, souiol) beaten Melfort and Monsoon were thercforo left for tbo deciding course In thu big event Wathuoo I'i atp-Third Tica-Mockangcr led Sams Luck to the hare, thu latter having a tumble Hboitly after getting in possession Mock anger had much the best of the latter pint of the course, mid won Cowslip II was faster than Beal Grit, but tho latter, us uaual, warm ing up, foiled past her at the finiali, and got the first score In the bataneo of a shoit eourau Beal Grit got a nmjorlt) of tho poluta CowaliplI killing Thu decision was of course ill fal oin of tlio ken bitch Waitui oo PeusE -llilid Ties-Hampton Court led Keel Hind to tho lure, turned and wrenched The fawn dog then eamo in, and put himself out b) killing promptly, tho course being shoit and itnsatla factor) rhtliatiuo led Bashful Irishman hi nil) number of kn-ihs, and worked so well that he threatened to beat tho other pointless Bashful Irish man, getting lu bj favour, lapt there li) merit, and wasrupidl) wiping oif the po-its when the hare |,ut aw al, Philistine winning nhCtUINQ COURSFS WlTFllloo Cul -the betting for homo tuno was oven, different people having a different choke , but before tno doga were place«! ill tile slips for tho final trial, odds of 5 to 4 were oliircd on Melfort, and rutiler fleel) taken Bis supportera hoped for a strung and instilare know ing to it dodg) gumcBiuted vionsoon's ve ondertlil pow era of recov en at the turns The blip was n good one and to the surprise ef the onlookeia tho fawn wis llrst to show lu front, the position mai ing tile lead, how ever, iqipcar greater thin it rcall) wis 1 rom the cnelohiiro »ion soon becuicd to lead b) about two truntha Gradual]* Mclfort mado up hla giound, ami passing Monsoon he lluall) led him hy threo lengths, and took first turn Ho caine round, scored again, and then placed Monsoon, who wrenched thu hare slightly twieo in succession Mclfort got in again, but ttic hare broke aw a), and us Mr Chirnside a dog went vcr) wide, lila baekers were slightly alarmed Monsoon, however, onl) wrenched the hal o wiakh beforo It broke to cover, and na the white Hag went up a ringing cheer announced that not o liy was the decision approved of, hut that thovirtor) of Mr liebelt Chirnside wasupopulal one lus I'l i tih.-Philistine led Hampton Court, and had vcr) lunch the best of a good trial Indeed tbo iiitteroulv scored b) favour, and Philistines victor) was one of tho most decisivo of tho meeting mr I'la«.- Tho finish between «cal Grit and Moekani,or was equally onesided Heal Grit, iel though not llsuallv fast, led Mr Chirnside s second string b) mau) longüís and scored frequent!) beforo the oilier had a chance Mockangcr mudo ono di leo and flecked the hare, but Just as it broko awu) Beal Grit mado her usual brilliant linish by killing and winning the Plate WATERLOO CUP SEÏTUNG. The general setthngover the Waterloo Cup will take place on Monda) afternoon, at 4 0 clock, at ¿Vache s Union Club Hotel COURSING AT Till. WERRIBEE On 1 ndnyund Saturday next the attention of cojraing men will be directed to the Wer nbee, when the Australian Club and the' Tit/roy aud West Rourke Club will conjointly hold a meeting over the Messrs Chirnside s famous country Both of the clubs named have amalgamated, and the stakes announced are open to mem- bers Ihel'ityroy and West Bourke Club s piogrannne lor the meeting is the 'las minium Plate, for uu unlimited number of all ajes, at J guineas each, with a 21 guinea plate added bj Sir A\ I Claike 'Hie Aus trillians announce a '.Q dog pupp) stake, (ippiopriutely named after the winner ot the \\\ aterloo Cup, to w Inch Mr Hobt Chirnside adds a piece ot plate, vuluc 23 guineas 'I he entries close on \\\ < ilnesdav ne\t cither at tho Australian Club's ofhees, 100 Bourke street west, np to 1 o clock, or at the Chum pion Hotel, 1 lt-iov, up to ü o clock COBURG AND EAST BOURKE CLUB 'Hie entries for the next meeting of this club must be made I eforc 8 o'clock on Mon ela) evening, to Mr L Nunn, the lion secre- tar), at the Pentridge Hotel, Coburg 'Hie stake is foi 10 all ages, at two guineas each Ibu running lukes plnee on A\cdnesdu), at Craigieburn. ROWING NOIES Mr letica having won tlio Krug nmateur Inter coloul el biulllng cup naturellv assumed the title of amateur chutnplou Ftulh r of Australia but this has been rcpcutcdll disputed bj Mr W U Brett of îsew South IV-len and ti set thu matter ul lest, 1 Ifctes now states that be is w ilhng to row liictt foi a trophv of the value of £-0 oi J.60 and should Hie race be lowed ill tilla culoul, hu will allow Brett lils evpenses Awell knowusup|tortcr of rowing uutihcs is read) to lack Hltcss chance to the extent of £200 Ali interesting sculling contest took plaie n few dava bick between two gentlemen of New houth Wales, Ml vu* Giai and Cousin, th mee was rowett from off l'lueliuut to Woolloomooloo Whait After rowing lee el foi the greater p el t of the distaneu Mr e^roj succeeded in winning the mee b) ti burc )aid Judging froni the extract fioin the "Aew Zealand Itcfercc, given hereuniler, it would s em a great pity shuuld tlio pioposcd match between Hcarn mid Haitian fall tlnoiu.li for wnnt of lumia, '¡van tilus observes-'A match las ben arranged lietwe cn nallian and our champion Ilearn, over a <1¿ milo course in Wellington hurboui, to take place in Antust Hits Is good news Indeed, ns It willalee us a Uno opportunity of suing with oin uwuctcswhat the 'Canadian wonder eau elo, tor in llenrn he »ill Uni] nu opponent b\ no means uuwortli) of his steel, oi rather I should sa\, lils sculls 1 hale seen Bearii scull, ond ile ii u|,ood man Ho has a Jong, power ful btroke, with a line caleb of the watti, and rows It throuch with a long, stead), vet dashing sweep, ui " Uni dies cleuli and well His sliding Is notsogooel, "* ho does not appear to hold lils slide long enough, but witlml he is a t,ood sculler, und this combined with lils splendid ph)slquo and the heart of allon, will YACHTING Tho schooner ) acht Hygela, with a full muster of her crew and their friends, numbering about JO, weighed anchor at midnight on Mondi), the 14th, and shaped le course for the West Channel pile light, lu order to bo aa near as possible w itbln view of tile nmiiuiuvrlng of tho fleet when rccilving His Lxcel knc) blrll B Lodi abo wind being nr) light, slow progress was malo, and at da) light the schooner found herself about el|,ht miks down the bae this proved most fortunate, as a full view of tlio war vessels as thoy approached and saluted the Ootornor was easily obtained and greatly appreciated b) those on board tlio yacht As soon na tbo llttlo stcatnur Commissioner bad safely tranafcrred the Governor from the Hinders to the Nelson the fleet sin pul a course for home, and the lljccla, with her slLiials of wclootnoil)tng, was left to herself In a dead calm, which is not vor) desirable to a sailing eessel How ever, to pass tbo time away and inako tho critlso enjoyable, fishing waa resorted to, and with tim assistance ot a few members of the Ikdcrtafcl who were on board, some good singing was Indulged which, together with sundry gamea of quoits «..._ other unusemeiita. made it a moat pleasant day Tho schooner filially reached her anchorage at 0 o clock pin , and nil expressed thcmscleoi delighted with their cruise Prior lo starting au thUi ciulso the members of tho Iljgola Club with their friends, lu lcspouso to invitation, were entertained on hoard the Loch (,arrv bj Captain hrskino, who, ill saj ing welcome to lila guests, hojied that thev would often visit him on bia ship Cuptiln I rskmo also comoll minted Ihe club upon the almiarante of their unlit und congratulated the memncrs for the pinces lliev lud nttulncil in tllclr cffoita to advance jachtlng, which should alivoja hold a Hist position lu outdoor rcctcutiomi. _ PIGEON .SHOOTING. MELBOURNE GUN CLUB Thcro wasa numerous ultondanco of members at tho club enolosuro on Fridaj to tako part lu the competí tion for a troplij willie 20 soi m given bj tho club, to be won once Hut previous to tbo principal ev ont being shot for, thcro was a fricncil) sido match, eight aside, between residents of }>cw South Wales and Victoria, seven birds, ¿6 per gun, which event was won b) the V ictorlan representatives, altei au uphill contest, bv Mi o birds Then cunio the shooting for the club trophj, which »as won b> Mr W Sajer, who was tim oui) competitor who accounted foi Illa nlno birria, mid also took Ilrst lnonev III a JL1 optional sweep, in which 24 of tile (oinpotltorB joined Mr J O Robertson, after tj ing with Messrs. Ilannl ton, M kcllat, A C Wilson L Clarke O Peppin, and W Irew, was the recipient of second inoncj lo complete the afternoon s sport l8 members Joined ill u ¿.I sweep, llrst miss out, which was divided be tween Messrs VI Kio), A H Inglis, and W lrovv, vv ho each killed in line stv lo nillo birds vv itbout a Hiles Hie birds, taken as a lot, vvero good and strong ltis vvorthv of remark that tho vv inner of tlie club trophy shot with a new gun luado b) Powell and Sons, and the three winners In tho last sweep used guns mario b) elie same mailors. Mi. Robertson shot vvitli a I'urd) iNEW SOUTH W ALFS V VICTORIA Seven bilJs ¡tf> per gun INhU SOUTH VVAlrS Mr S I! Terr), 20 vda .. .. 1,1,1,0,0,0,1 4 Mr O lrlelid, 31 id.1,1,1,1,0,1,1 0 Mr A Trew, 27)is .. .. 1,0,1,1,0,1,1 6 Mr 1' VV Jackson, 31)ds . .. 1,11,0,0,1,0 4 Ml W Irou,25)ds . .. 1,0,0,1,1,1,0 4 Mr P Glenister, 20 ids .. .. 1,1,1,1,0,0,1 D Mr J Hamilton, Jljjds .. .. 1,1,0,1,1,0,1 0 Mr I' Gannon, J1J )ihj .. .. 1,1,1,1,0,1,0 0 Total. 38 XIOTOIIIA. Mr T O Inglis, 20 ids . .. 1,1,1,1,0,1,1 0 Mr N Wilson, 23)tis. 1,0,0,1,1,1,1 0 Mr L Clarke, 31 j ds .. .. 0,0,1,0,0,1,1 3 Mr A C Wilson, 20 jd. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1 7 Mr A II Inglis, SI j da .. .. 0,0,1,1,1,1,1 6 Mr W Saver,80yds .. .. 01,1,0,1,1,1 6 Mr F M'Evov, SH jds .. .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1 7 Mr W D Clarke, 30jds .. .. 1,0,1,1,1,1,0 0 Total.48 WINTFR CUP. Mnc hirds. £1 optional sweep Mi W Savor, 30 j da .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1, t Mr J O Hobeltson, 28 jds . 1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1 Mr J M kellar, 20 J ds .. 1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,0 Mr J Hamilton JHjds . 1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0 Mr L Clurko, 81 vds . .. 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,0 Mr O Peppin, 'II jds . .. 1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0 Mr W lieu, 25 jds .. .. 1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0 Mr A C Wilson, 20 Jds . .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,0 liri M'Lvoy, Sljjds .. .. 0,1,0,1,11 Mr O lrlend, 81 jds .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,0,11 Mr A. Irew, 27 j da . .. 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0,11 Mr P VV Jackson, 31 yda .. 0,1,1,1,1,0,11 Mr W D Clarke, JO jds . .. 0,1,0,11 Mr P Glenister, 20 jds .. .. 1,0,0,K Mr 1 Gannon, 31J yda . . 1,0,1,1,0 R. Mr J O Inglis, 20 j da . .. 1,1,1,1,0,0 R Mr S li Tcrrj,20jd« . .. 0,0,1t, Mr A It Inglis, 81 ids . .. 1,1,0,1,10 11 Mr S Broivuo, 20jds . .. 0,1,1,0 It .Mr Janica, Jl jda . .. 01,1.011. Mr iN Wilaon, 28jds . .. 0,0, Ii Mr A W Pearson, Sljjds .. 0,1,1,0,11 Mr I Stephenson, 28 jds .. 0,1,1,0, li Mr J Henderson, 27 )d« . 0,0,11. Mr fc Uovctt 20) da . .. 1,1,1,1,1,0,0, R. .Mr Blades 27)ds . .. 0,0, R .Mr J Williams, 20 yds . .. 0,1,0, R, Mr R G Talbot, 20) da .. . 1,1,1,0,1,0,1t. £1 SWEFP. Unlimited numboi of birds First miss out. Uri Mhvoy, JlJ)da . 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 Mr A li Inglis, 31 )ds . .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 Mr W lreiv,2üvds . .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 Mr S Browne, 29)da . . 0 Mr N Wilson, 2S)ds . .. 1,0 Mr J Henderson, 27 )da .. 0 Mr P Glenister, 20) da . . 1,1,1,0 Mr W D Clarke, JO )ds .. 1,1,1,0 Mr L Clarke, 31)da .. .. 0 Mr O Peppin, 31 jdB .. .. 0 Mr K Govett, 20 j da . . 1,1,0 Mr J M Kellar, 20 yda . .. 1,1,0 .Mr James, 31 j da . .0 Mr I Stephenson, 23 )d« .. 0 Mr. A C Wilson, 20)ds . . 1,0 Mr J O Inglis, 20)d8 . ..0 Ml W I lew, 27 )d« .. 0 Ml It G iulbot, 20 j dB . .0 .Assumed names FOOTBALL. The following are the arrangements for to day - Melbourne v Essendon -These clubs meet on the East Melbourne Cricket ground this afternoon. The following will represent Melbourne -Aflleck, Aitken, Bravabuj, Coulson, G Cussen, L Cussen, Doiau, ¿ranks, Hall) loncs Moirlson, M'Alllster, Prop sting, Plant, Pohlman, Rush, Stllb.btrnchutl, Spooner, Tuckfield eincigenclcs, Ross, Abcriieth) I ssendon will be represented from Aitken, Angwin, Danes, Heming, Orilllth, Hughes, Hall Lawlor, lewis, Osborne, Power, Pearson, Pitcher, Rout, Robeitson, Rogers, Seblre, Stafford, lindale (two), Young (two) Fitzroy v. South Billarnt on the Fitzroy Cricket ground. The following will loprcsciit the rlt/ro) - Cameron, Coi k, Cuten, Cooper, Llllott, Filing Kerrigan, Lindsaj, Muir, M'shuuc (captain) Jilttlion 0 Le irv, O Loughton Ruppl} ort, Robertson Shaw Slieaiuood (vice) Williams, Wulslonl, and Woirall Lmcrg'cnciis-Heron, VI Int) re, ami Irwin Williamstown v. Carlton, to be played in the Gardens-reserve, Williamstown-W llliamstdw li te vin - Herr), Br)unt Clieir), Clailc, iitzpitrlck, Hall, Jones, lûmes, Kinncdv, I arning 1 itclillelri Matthews, Mud rill, OSIutiuss), Regan, Reed, Ul brlel, W urrcu Worrull, Wcuthcrheal Linergericica -Godwin duri oconnell Hie following Carlton représentât Ives will meet at tho Spencer street nell way station at quaiter just 2 o clock -Aitken, Baker Cook, Drew, Gleeson, IIaiine)scc lovel, Johnston, Kelli, Melville, O Beru, ltlckalds (two), Kondall, Murphl, Smith, Speu, Toohev, Woolla, Whelan 1 incrgonclcs-M Slittciv, 1 it/geruld, Plummer Members' tickets will udutlt to ground South Melbourne v Star of Carlton (22). On the South Melbourne Cricket giouud llie following will icprciont South Melbourne - Dennett Collei, hluia(iicc cipttiin), 1 iu*cr, Graham, Orme, Harper, Hill, Klnnirburrj, latchford, Minchin, Mitchell, M'Knight, Page, Solomon, Smith, In)lor, Windle), W cods, X. oung (captain) Star of Carlton a tenni is us follows -Durittss, Black, Cuiucron,Constuble, Crujip, Crecvev. Dalgcllsb Dunn fitzgerald 1 loueis, lulu hop, Muir, VI Criicken VI lneriicv, íiasli, O Donnell, li Pownc, lurccll, Robertson, Rushton, S)le, iulli, and W llson South Yarra v. Hawksburn, at St Kilda - Tlio following will represent bollth "Vurra - Baird, Booth, IlioollB, Collie, Dunn, I dwulda, 1 reciñan, Ora), lilli, Im 111, Meudci, Munro, M Lcoel, Nairn, Rusden (2), Stcimrt, Smith, Wart), Woods, emergencies, VI Leod, Robinson Northcote v. Portarlington, at Portarlington - Members of the Northcote Football Club desirous of going to Portailin/ton to da) mc requested to meet ut the corner of Dethridge strcctatid Heidelberg rout! Cabs will leave tboiu at 0 u m Bliarp to eouvev thcin to tlioetticensiihart, und fioin lhere the) will pro celd to Portarlington b) the a B Geelong, leaving at 10 a.m. sharp. The following matches will also be played :- Hawksburn v. South Yarra, at St. Kilda football- ground ; Normanby v. Southern Cross at Fitz- roy ; South Melbourne second v. Sunnyside, on the South Melbourne football-ground ; Parkside v. South Suburban Railways, at Royal-park ; Richmond Union v. Union Jack, at Richmond pad- dock ; St. Kilda Royal second v. West End second, on the ground of the latter, at the Military-reserve, Melbourne ; St. Kilda Alma second v Royal, at St. Kilda ; Nelson v. Carlton-crescent (23), at Albert- park ; Caulfield v. Evansdale, on the Coast cricket ground, Elsternwick ; East Melbourne v. St. Kilda Alma, at St. Kilda ; Melbourne Imperial v. Carlton Alberts, Royal-park, Melbourne Standard v. Rich- mond Standard, at Richmond ; Avenue v Osborne, at Royal-park ; Carlton second v. Williamstown second, at Princes-oval. A match was played on the S. M. cricket ground on Thursday, bctw ecu the S M Trades and 1 leetrlc llluicrapli, resulting, after n verj fast und exciting guille, in awln for lue former bj 2 goals 12 bollinda to 1 goal 8 bchluds A third goal kicked bj the trades was disallowed Fortbo 1 lectno Telegraph M'hnlght. M Minion, Wilkinson, und Robertson plaice! splendldlj, and Vlat Minchin, Steele, Mahoney, and Young abono for tlio South Mi II Oodingwas a uri clncicnt con tralumpiie, his decisions being given with strict impaitiulity INTERCOLLEGIATE JfOOTBALL MATCH. The fourth nnnual match between Trlriltv and Ormond colleges took pluec on the last Melbourne Cri( ket ground on Tbursdaj lust lu the presence of a lurge gathering of spectators Hie Triuit) captain, VV s corr, having won the toss from I Hope, the Ormond captain, elected tu kick with the wind It was soon evident that the Trlnltv team grcallv over matched their opjioncnti rea three beliiiids vveiu ob tallied in eiulck succession followed bv i line goal kicked bj Ha) es, whost brilliant pim was one of the IcittircH of tho guille firhill soon of te ni urila obtained tile second goal tor Triuit) W Hiuhcs who had bun pla) Ing splendid!), hccilrcd a dlllicult murk, und dried nnotlier goal to Trlnlt) s score, mid Bund .nee moro distinguished hiuit-clf bj kicking tbo foin til goal Half tlnit waa soon culleil .anio standing nt Innltj four goils lu linda to tilt On resuming ploj, tliu Oinioud .cain mude scierai vigorous nttcliipts to foico their opponents goul, but oiling muiiilv tu the aplonriiri :leleiici of 1 utter talleri to rio so The game was nuw ter) fust, Lctimonth mill Hope walking burri for Ormond VV Con, the Irinll) captain, ablv assisted bj W Hughes, llajc», rhoiiuon, anti W Paul proveri far too goori for their opiionents and repeatctl »hots e mude bj the Innilj (utiiards At last r- Corr lett fifth goul for his side, uutl u few minutes uftcr da W Coir secured tbo skth goat from a place lick Oinioud riming tilla half had several oppor tllliities of scoring, but failed to rio so Hie match eiteicd In a complote v letorv forlriultj bv 0 goals 17 behind« to 6 behind« 1 oi the i ictors VV Corr, VV Hughes llajes, thomson, W Paul, Potter, Anguín, anti Dodd distinguished themselves, while h Hope, I carnionth, und Cameron plajedwell fur Otmouil BllITISn ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL A trial matt h will bo phv ed this afternoon on the Richmond cricket mound bot« t'en the V ictorlan team and another 11 selected bj the Anglo Vustrnllun 1 ootball Association ludicsadniittcd free Kick off at a quartci past 3 p m HANDB VLL AtCurlton Ball Court Elgin street, this evening, the pla) fortbo troph) will ho continued (weather per mlttlng) The llrst match will be started between Slilels al d Canterbury v L Thompson and P Shiels, Ihe llrst three gamea out of live tu win liten, 1> Rían and Ford v Thompson und Klrbj Hie following plaveis vvlll also take part - Eugun, Irish, Kennell) turnbull, O Browning Currie, Oobson, tarlow, 1 arrell, und lennon Plaj to commence at half past 2 sharp LACROSSE Mclbourno RcdB v Collingwood lillies, at Albert park tilla afternoon Melbourne will be icprcsmtcri In Cov cntrv, Cuddy (two), Filia, Fox (tw o), Goldsmith, lim pur, Josltc, M'Call, Mollison, Nurcott, Slatter Melbourne Blues i Uobeminns, at Roval park to day Melbourne will bo ebosun from Dlddams, lox, Olovcr (two), Hall, Huwoil, Hamilton, Joske, John Bon, Ross, Scott, W ataon, Rev uolds Iluhciulaiis - Barcia), Batten, Brudlev, Burbank, Caldwell, Coghill, Cojtotitri, Mils, Killie, Irasci, Ocasnci, Huggins, Montague, M'llurg South Mclbourno i East Melbourne Reds, In Albert park -Ibu South will bo riprcsenteri by Davis ¿ntrllsli, ¿roser, Gordon (Uve), Henderson, Knight, M'Kalga, Vail, and Wishart. Reds leam - llurburv, Ilradlcj, llorell. Carruthers, A Cooko, Davis I Wot Harris, King, t Levens, Marks (two), William« I.meigel»)-Ballard Both Last Mci bom no teams meet corner of Albort and Clarendon atrccts at half past ii aharp University v Collingwood Red«, at DMllruj. gardens- llnlicrsity team-beckett, Colvlu, Chut, Wingrove, Bromfield, Murra), Moore, WUaon,Griat, 'nine kenn), Laiiglanda, Mcrrllloea. last Melbounto Bonrsv Kitrroy, at South Yam. -The following aro tlio respective toaroa -llovera Ballhacbe, Bate, Beere, K. Cooke, Glnitor, Johnson, C Lovena, bummers, Swift, Terry, VVaxmau, Wheeler Fit/ro) team-Cornwell, Cooper, East- wood, h lockhait, Hopson, Healo A. Rushall, W, Busliall, Shaw, Scott 'jtrlekland, Trickett, Watson. BICYCLING. Tho follow Ing runs hove been arranged (or to day : -Victoria Club, to Heidelberg, Normanby Club, to Essendon , Carlton, to Essendon, Euroka, to Heidel- berg , Pilot, to Brighton Beach , Fernside, to Heidel bdg.hast Melbourne, to Keilor, Melbourne, ù Listcriiw lek _ SPORTING TELEGRAMS (FROM OUR OWÎ. CO-RESPONDENTS } HORSHAM, Feidat. The Wimmera Turf Club have issued théi* programme for the 2Uth August The steeple- chase meeting promises to be a great success, u large number of nominations having ulready been received SYDNEY. Fmdat. Epicure lins been scratched for the Hawkes- bury Grand Handicap, the County Purse, and the Metropolitan Stakes 