SPOUTING NOTES. By Jbiiu Jbhiob. Sxnob writing lait week I hnvo beon inform thattho Brisbano Gymnasium h&a; not Dew wound up. and that a now le«o of fjx ha# boon arranged for. 1 belit-vo if the o gotic few that aro now working «r n «» niunago to keep it going till tho cool w boU in, that X will bo very popular ^u winlor ottninga. It is not fair W ta? Briibano ullilctoa lliat thoy profcr tho bar room to tbo Bporte ground, ub hua boon inaiuuavOO t iiom# but in this climate it a man worn honestly all day (and we are all working bees n Queensland) ho feels moro inolined.to take it easy on a cool veranda than to walk some distance to a gymnasium, but in tha long winter evenings I believe, seeing what good bands the management of tho affair is in, that the gymnasium will beoomo a popular ren dezvous. ' -After going to press last week tho secretary of the QT.O. informed me- that he had re oeived two more entries for tho Derby, they having been lodged with tho secretary of tho Login and Albert Jooloy Olub. One Jasper by Epigram, dam Joan of Arc, tho property of M>. yf. H. Belli j tho othor, gir Joshua by laureate out of Aileio. owned by Mr. Andrew Niool - a raro good one. I hear this makes eighteen entries in all, and I must congratulate the committee of the Q.T.O. on their success in having the event so well filled. The names of the Australian Eleven that intend visiting us are— H. P. Boyle, Gv J. Bonnor. J. M'O. Blackham, A. 0 Bannerman, W; H. Cooper, G. Giffen, W. Midwinter, W L. Murdoch, P. S. M'Donnoll, G. E. Palmer, B, fiT. J. Scott, with G. Alexandor as manager and emergency. They aro to leave ,8ydney on the 19th. of this month, and will probably arrivo on Thursday or Friday preceding their week's engagements. This is a better arrange ment than arriving, as is often the caBe, a few hours before playing,and before they havo quite ■ lost their sealegs being obligod todon the flannels. Ihis team is oonsiderod the strongest ever got together in the colonies, and a 'rare treat is in store for the Queensland public, as the pitch on the raceoourse is perfect | but I am afraid that the Queensland foam, will have to do a large proportion of leather-hunting. There is no foundation whatever for the rumour that Murdoch and Bannerman would not ba able to visit us. - The scoretary of the QT.O. wishes me to inform .trainers and jockeys that training ticieti can be obtained on the course from the caretaker , This will be a decidoa convenience, as it will save ooming in to town. An. English paper tells rather a good story of Gladiateur, the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas, Dorby, and Leger, being taken for a harness horse. One day Jack Abel was driving through the streets of Newmarket when he met Tom Jennings. " Hullo, Tom," he called out, "have you got any of your big-boned ugly brutes that are'oo slow for racing that you want to sell for twonty or thirty pounds apiece f" Tom thought for a moment", and then, with a mischievous twinkle in his eye, said, "Yes, two or three. Dome round and look at 'em." In tho course of time,. John Abel arrived at Phantom Cottage, and was shown into a box in.which thoto was a big boned angular-looking horse. "Ton can't want much for that 'un, Tom," he said. " I shan't stand more than twenty for that," and he raised his stick in order to make him move over "For God's sake, don't hit him, or he will kick us all out of the box," said Tom, in an alarmed mtnnor. " Oh, you ugly brute, I'll teach you manners when I get yon," replied Jack, apos trophising the horse, and then turning to tho b.iy, who was looking on the whole proceeding as though he were thunderstruck, " What's his name, boy?" "Gladiateur, sir." Jack Abel bolted out of' the box, and made the host time to the railway station t' at was ever accom plished by a man of his years. Owing to Sardonyx being such a consistent runner, a good prioa was realised for his half brother by Musket out of Onyx, which colt was the first of the yearlings submitted at Btndwick on occannt of tho New Zealand Stud Company. Of course tho Hon James White was the purchaser, Mr. Wm. Pearson bidding against Him by deputy. If Mr. Pearson baa been there him-elf, Mr. Whits would have had to have written a good deal larger cheque. Now that Lord Grosvenor is dead, 1 suppose we shall never see tho Duko of Westminster's nams as sporting silk again, and the English : turf wHl lose one of its best men. It was well known that when the Duke became a racing man that he was simply forming a stud for his eldest son's amusement, and now that that eldert ion has joined the majority,I am afraid tho black and yellow of tho GrOBvonor's will be lost to the turf. The Duke psid the h'ghost price ever paid for a horse whon he bought Doncaster for 15,000 guineas for itucl purposes. Tho monoy was not badly laid out, for Doncaster's son, Bcndor, scoured for the Duke his first Derby in 1880, beating that equine wonder Bobert the Dovil. In 1832 Shotaver carried tho bl lck and yellow just past the post for tho great Bpsom event, so considering tho Duko'e racing career he has been very fairly successful. I am glad to hoar that Mr Muir has a couple of horses in training for the illegitimate sport under the care of W. Carter. The Geelong Gold Cup did not foil to tho Queensland representative after all,.ho being nowhore, bnt ho may get over his soreness before tho St. Ledger to avenge his defeat. I am glad to see Lo Grand's namo once again *• a winner, though it was a hollow victory, only two starting for tho.Mares Produce only Trihi BJ .* 8°od'#h string in training at —Jdesort, including Mozart and Adam. I expect Adam will collar tho dollars in the ferang Handicap after all, as I hear that there • sufficient proof now that the winner was a previous performer nt Casino, N.S.W. I beg o remind my readers that ths Southport raoos e place on March 1st, where a good lino 5K u em,fortIl° log™ Bucos on the 17th of ir ' , "uo o-"8"n nacos on mo 17 in ot j Governor is to be tho guest of there .onthttt occasion, and if ere was only decent accommodation a good n7 metropolitan Tisiton might bo oxpoctod. 