. Mul grave T. C. Races. [By OUH. SPECIAlj CollRESP. INDENT.] The Bundabergitnis held high festival last Thursday and Friday. Like other towns I can mention there is a Pharisai cal section that look' upon racing as a thing of horror, but while buttoning their breeches pockets manage, neverthe less. to have a peep at the races. It is to the energy of a few that ' ran' the race meeting its success is due. To the secre tary was left all the work, and he is to be complimented on the smooth running of tlie meeting which, if it lost spirit owing to the smaUness of the fields, gained by the diversity of interests represented , some enthusiasm of local feeling. Gayn diih had Dondi and the Wheel of Fortune to represent it, and Exeter did duly for the cupriferous colony of the hills, while tiie golden Gympie trusted to the charms of a 'Fair Helen.' One event marred the first days' good humor, as a local sportsman, who ought to have known better, made a scene, and was expelled tlie saddling paddock. The owner of Voloninede certainlv foreot himself when he abused the rider of Trumpeter in the Corinthian, whowou therace, Lieutenant slipping aud falling. Everybody who is acquainted with Mr. N. Buchanan knows full well that when winning lie never exults, when losing never des ponds, aud tliat he is the last person to say or do anything to hurt the feelings of any man. 1 understand the committee are likely to take action in the ' matter. Most of the visitors had arrived by Wed nesday evening, and though the Upper Burnett was well represented, the faces of the Maryborough contingency were missing, and we saw not tbe bulky frame of ' Hipparion.' The Wheel did not seem to be quite so blooming as at Gayn dah ; Exeter had evidently come on and the daughter of Kelpie, Mr. Hummock's Jessica, appeared to have gone through a hurried preparation. She is not a very taking filly, looking light and leggy, but i she can travel a bit. What shall we say I of Velocipede. He was a giant amongst dwarfs, aud he could have given any thing running 211bs., and a two lengths beating. The handicapper was found fault with for having, as it was asserted, crushed tne uorse, out lacts prove be could not have handicapped him back to his horses without crushing him. To see him win his engagements one after the other in a one horse show style be came at last monotonous. In the early morning it rained, and made the roads nice travelling, aud as everybody got to the course it came down again heavily, and the running became like a lake. However, it cleared oil* aud the sun shone out as the horses faced the starter for the Maiden Plate at 12-10. Maiden Plate : 25 Sovs., 11 miles Mr. Hummock's brf Jessica, 3yrs, by Kelpie, 8st 21bs (Bidley) ... 1 K. G. Buchanan's bl e Cox swain, by Keugny, Gst 21bs., (carried 7st21bs. (Buckley) ... 2 R. Knight's b g Keepsake, aged, 9 st ? (Johnstone) 3 W. Elliott's br m Dulcimer, 5 yrs, 9 st 2 lbs (scratched) C. J. Smart's br c Cotherstone, 2 yrs, 6 st 2 lbs (scratched) P. Lillis' ir g f Fair Helen, 2 yrs, G st (scratched) J. Giles' br c Colonel, 2 yrs, 6 st 2 lbs (scratched) Betting in favor of Jessica at 4 to-2 v her aud 3 to 1 v. Coxswain. Jessica led from the jump a clear length ; Coxswain soon soon got to her quarter, but the mare drew clear again. The colt got level again at the mile post, but the mare was not to be denied, and she cameaway wiuningsome . what easily, Coxswain being under the whip for the last few strides, to which he responded somewhat gamely. Hack Selling Stakes : W. Gilmour's b gErin, at £20, lOst 131b (carried list) ? 1 W. Eaton'6 b f Billy, at £20, lOst 131b ? 2 W. Clark's b g Bayard, 3 years, at £10, 9st 31b ? 3 Erin was the favorite. From a fair start Billy jumped to the leadj but Erin soon got to his head and the two keeping to gether to the mile post, looked like mak ing a race, but the favorite soon drew clear aud coming away never left the issue in doubt, winning easily. Ladies' Puese: 20 sovs.: w.f.a. : 3} miles. W. Elliott's ch g Dondi, by Spar tan, aged, 8st 131b ? (Ridley) 1 P. Lillis' gf Fair Helen, by Epi gram — Fidget, 2 yrs, Gst 71b (carried Bst Sib ? (Hopper) 2 J. Giles' hi f Colonel, 2 yrs, 6st 91b C. jf Smart's V) c Velocipede, 3 yrs, Sst 61b (scratched) Fair Helen had a slight call in the mar ket from Dondi. To a fair start slightly in Dondi's favor, they went away at a good pace, the two-year old soon showing in the van, and comingdown the straight at a great rate, they turned the corner, when the filly getting her head up threw up the sponge and the chestnut goldiug came away aud won, hard held, a length and a half to the good. Corinthian Cup : £10 10s. : about 2 miles. H. W. Shand's b g Trumpeter, aged list 81b ... (Mr. X. Buchanan) 1 R. H. Dyball'sch gNitrogen, aged, list' Sib ? ? (Mr. Duncan) 2 C.J. Smarts'sb g Lieutenant, aged, list Sib ? (Mr. Baldwin) 3 At the fall of tiie flag Lieutenant and Trumpeter jumiied away in the van; Trumpeter slightly with the best of it; after rounding the turn Lieutenant rushed to the front with the other two in close proximity, coming past the stand the first time Trumpeter deprived Lieu tenant of the lead and turned out of tlie straight rather wide two lengths to the good, when Lieutenant trying to get up ou the inside, slipped and fell. Trum peter made the most of the mishap ; TTitrogen strove to get up to him, but Sir. Buchanan shoving Trumpeter along, never gave the Feninan horse a chance, and won easily by live lengths. Town Plate: Handicap of 00 sovs; 11 miles. C. J. Smart's b h Velocipede, 3 yrs, by Femnan, 9st (Smart) ? I W. Elliott's br m Wheel of For tune, ag, Sst 121b, crd. Sst 131b, ^ J, Hummock's br f, Jessica, 3 yrs, 7st 61b, crd. 7st 101b (Rieley) .. 3 J. Gilmour's b g Exeter, aged, -st 121b (Hopper) ? 0 ?Even betting on Velocipede, 2 to 3 . v Wheel of Fortune. As they passed tlie Stand the first time Velocipede led Jes sica and Exeter last. After passing the turn, the Wheel passed Jessica and at the back of the course, made a fruit less attempt to overhaul Velocipede, wlio coming away, won in the commonest of canters, any distance in front of the brown mare. Exeter absolutely last. Hdbuy Scurry. W. Johnsione's Acrobat ? 1 — Eaton's Billy ? 2 ?_ A flose race all the way ; in the secouu heat Acrobat putting on a smaller jock won as he liked by six lengths. SECOND DAY. Friday was a great improvement on tlie first day as regards weather, a west erly wind having set ill. The course was drier, though slippy still iu one place. Velocipede asserted his right to be called the premier race horse of, the district most unmistakably in that he won every thing he started for aud made aholy show of all his opponents. A great powerful colt with more quality than moat of the Fenman's, somewhat tall ou the leg aud short looking when standing still, but when moving he seems to lose that short appearance, a rare loin and propelling power behind, but he throws his forelegs about in a somewhat curious manner, which to say the least is not taking. The only races ot interest were the Ladies' Bracelet aud the Consolation, in which the handicapper did bring three out of four within a length of each other at the finish. Sir. Buchanan must be complimented on his patient riding of Trumpeter, who with the worst of the weight again overcame liis previous opponent and upset tho pot. He seems to be invincible in the amateur line. Visitors' Plate : 15 sovs ; 1} miles ; w.f.a. C. J. Smart's br c Velocipede, 3 years, 8st 41b ? (Riley) 1 W. Elliott's ch g Dondi, aged, 9st (Ridley) 2 These were the only starters, Keepsake and Colonel being scratched. Dondi got away first, and trying to make a pace was unable to make Velocipede gallop, who soon went to the front of afi'aire aud won as he liked. Ladies' Bracelets valued at 21, 0 and 3 guineas respectively : Ii miles ; w.f.a. Mrs. N. G. Buchanan's b g Trumpeter, list 71b (Mr. Buchanan) 1 Mrs. Smart's b g Lieutenant, 5 years, list (Mr.' Baldwin) ? 2 Miss Gordon's ch g Nitrogen, aged, list ? 3 Mrs. Forrest's Violet, list lib. Lieutenant was the favorite, but Trumpeter's friends never forsook him, though lie had the worst of the weights. 10 to 1 v Nitrogen, 9 to 1 v Violet. There were several false starts, but on the fall of the tlag Nitrogen and Lieutenant dashed to the lend, with Trumpeter bringing up the rear, and the two Fen mans going at a great bat made the pace merry till the back of the course was reached, when Mr. Buchanan, wlio had been riding a patient race, began to creep up to liis horses, aud before turning for home got to the front, and keeping there, he won a capital race, all being under the whip, by a clear length. Breeder's Plate : 20 sovs I mile ; W f .1 P. Lillis's g f Fair Helen, 2 years, by Epigram — Fidget, (ist 71b (carried Gst 111b) ? (Hopper) 1 J. Gill's br c Colonel, 2 years, by Fenmau, 6st 91b ? (Warreli) 2 J. Duncan's b g Eruption, 3 years, by Epigram, Sst 31b (Riley) bolted Fair Helen was made the favorite, and after Eruption liad bolted never left the issue in doubt, aud won hard held by a length. Mulcjrave R. C. Handicap : 100 sovs. ; with sweep of £3 10s. ; second horse, 12 sovs., from tbe prize ; 2 miles. C. J. Smart's br c Velocipede, 9st 31bs ? (Smart) 1 W. Elliott's br m Wheel of For tune, Sstl21bs ? (Ridley) 2 J. Hummock's b f Jessica, 7st 21bs ? (Riley) 3 Exeter was scratched. Velocipede and nothing else would go down with the public. After two or three false starts, Jessica went to the front ou tiie fall or the Hag, aud led at her best pace, Velo cipede last. On coming into the straight the first time Velocipede shot between the two leading horses and appeared to make a jostle as he cannoned against both horses, but 'getting straight again, he was never caught, winning with ridiculous ease. A protest was lodged against him. District Plate : 20 sovs. 1J miles ; w.f.a. C. J. Smart's br c Velocipede, 3 yrs Sst 41bs ? (Riley) 1 W. Elliott's br f Gipsey, 4 yrs 8st 121bs ? ^.(Ridley) 2 J. Forrest's ch m Irene, 4 yrs, 8st 121bs ? (Johnson) 3 Velocipede saddled up again with 7 to 1 on him. Irene got away with the lead, aud made the pace hot for a mile, when her bolt wasshot, and Velocipede cantered on iu front of Gipsy aud won easily. Consolation Handicap : 15 sovs. ; 1 mile. J. Gilmour's b g Exeter, aged, 7 stlOib ? ...' ? (Hopper) 1 W. Elliott's br m Wheel of For tune, aged, 8 st 10 lb ... (Ridley) 2 C. J. Smart's b g Lieutenant ? (Riley) 3 R. Knight's b g Keepsake, aged, G st 7 lb (carried G st 12 lb) ? (Donings) 0 The Wheel aud Lieutenant got the best of a straggling start, but Exeter soon passed Lieutenaut, and all three keeping together came into the straight iu a clus ter, under the whip, while Exeter, widen ing out, carried the Wheel with him under the judge's box aud just won a great race by a head from the brown mare and Lieutenant only beaten on the other side of the course by a short, length, Keepsake beaten oil'. The protest was not gone into, as the protester did not appear to sustain his case at the meeting convened on Friday at 7 o'clock. So ended the seventh an nual meet of tlie Mulgrave Racing Club. Woman's Sphere — There, are few men now so benigi'tvd as io belicvethat woman's mission can be summed tip io Shakespeare's words : ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none, the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in bnili these little 'l is she is prraily assis'cd by Slen-Ts. Honviek & Sons 'bo. for )-cr conveni ence, have pro luo d tlii-ir celebrated ' Baking Powder' ami Gold Mndul ' Custntd Fowder.' Wiib Ibe former artiili: tbe most palatable bread, cakes, and pistiy can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble, whilst, 'with tbe latter, she ie independent of the domestic lien, and can make the most ^elieioof custardB, blane-manges, &c.;, at half 1 1. usua; time. A Cabu. — 7'*' all who arepuffeiiog from the errors and indiscretion of yontli, nervous weak ness, early dcay, loss of manhood, Ac , 1 will ►erid a recipe (hat will cure jou, free of ch&'ge. Tiiifl great remedy w -Bdiscovercd by a mission ary in South America. Sepd a s-lf .addressed envelope :-i!d sixpence to prepay pi .stage to the K v Joseph T. linr.an, Kta'.iua D., New York City, U.S.A. GHOSTS. — An attempt is fceinp made in the old country to revive the belief iu visitor, i- frcm another world, and trany are tbe wond- rs ful stories that fill some of lhe journals. The 8Ceptie.il raicd is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's (,'hoet : ' How do I know that you ere not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all tbe ghost producer's, a bit of II heavy' bread ia the most potent. It ie a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the Eorcst epcll against gbot-ts by using Borwiek'e Gold Medal Baking Towder in making bread : for, altbouph it won't '? raise ghosts,' it will rniBS breai in lhe ir.oaf ndoiiiab.'e feshion. Every wise storekeeper has it by biin, and very good bouEewiBe bays it. 