TURF GOSSIP. BR AUGUB. The sport-loving portion of the popu lation of Melbourne will have an opportunity of enjojing an afternoon's fan at Caulfield to day, when half a dozenevents will be ran off. Ofooorse everything will depend upon the weather, "which has hem most erratic daring the present summer, font if the meteorological clerk should prove kind, the V.A.T.C. en closure should be (he best place to while away a pleasant hour or two. A Selling Race opens the ball, and as Anaobam is one of the real "spinners" perhapB he will win, HANNIBAL being next best. Hie Hurdle Race looks a real good thing for Spabkjs or Sundowneb, either of whom iB capable of winning. The Hawksburn Handicap will be one of the best races of the day, and will attract to the poet several really good performers. Of .those above 8a t, per haps Baron von Mueller is most worthy of confidence, for. though he does not look so well .. he did last season, he ran a good race with Phantom at Caulfield, and over a mile and A quarter should be very hard to beat, though if Creswick i^ in anything like form, I don t see now he can Iobo, notwithstanding bis sorry exhibition et Moonee Vahey. Lord Wilton looks wonderfully well upon paper, and Castaway, Ironmaster, Black Diamond, and Agitation najre been handicapped so as to have a change, Ciieswiok, AGITATION, and BABOK VON MueuiBB appearing to me to be tfce most likely to fgmteh the places. In the Btoeplechase Trumpeter and Blackthorn head the liBtafc Jm, 41b. each, but probably Natowson, Tanpstiokob, and MOONLIGHT 'will provide the situations. For the Welter Handicap I tove a fyncy for Ibokmasteb, who is gradually running himself into lorm. and,. moreover, is built like a horse that should be all at iyjme in welter races. His moBt dangerous opponent, perhaps, is The Drone, who hw improved m Mr. Erasers tiands. In the gt Valentine s Handicap I don't see anything tetter than CASTAWAY and XANTIW.b, utiles* Precious Stone should be nulled out. which is unlikelv. as he seems to have an outside chance for the Newmarket Handicap. On Wednesday next the southern Tas maniana will commence their annual race meeting at Elwick. This is always a popular trysting ground, the grandeur of the scenery being quite as attractive as the racing to the visitor, who goes to Tasmania to recruit rather than to enjoy sport. The Hobart Gup is the only event that creates much interest among Victorians, and it is expected that something like half a score will lace Mr. Flexmore to fight it out. Victoria will be well represented if Linda, King of the Vale, and The Joker go to look after her interests. By her victory in the Geelong Cup Linda has incurred a penalty of 7lb., which increases her weight to 8st. 91b, Even with that the daughter of Panic should be very hard to beat in such a field. Mr. Lang informs me that he intends to take King of the Vale over, even though he is handicapped -at 7st 13lb., and as he seldom makes a fruitless trip. I suppose the old trainer must be markea dangerous. In 1877 he won this race with Spark, one of his own breeding, and a real good one, too. I've a fancy for The Joker, who showed good form at Hand wick, and will do so again some day. I don't know what the intentions of the Belle Brandon party are, but it is possible that she may run over to the island, where she might pay her way better than she is doing just now in Victoria. Signor shaped like a racehorse on the Fleming ton training ground previous to the Bpnng meeting, but a severe cold caught just oefore the meeting placed him Ivors de combat, and he failed to distinguish himself. Now it is said that he has quite recovered and will probably show something like his true form on Wednesday next I believe Moore has been engaged to ride him, and if the colt be well, he ought to give a good account of him self. Murphy goes over to ride the three-year old Astronomer, who will make his first ap pearance in public. His owner has hopes of success, but Hobart is so leniently treated that one can hardly expect the untried son of Yattendon to beat him- Cracknell's services have been retained for Mr. Agnew, and I suppose the Victorian Hght-weignt will be on the back of either Hobart or Queen, the better of whom he expects to win. He rides the chesnut mare better than anybody else, but it is reported that he is to ride Hobart This, however, will all depend upon circum stances, Granville is the King of the King colt, formerly owned by Sir William Clarke, but he must haveimproved wonderfully to win such a. race as the Hobart Cup. Clarendon is a very useful son of Torchlight, and I hear very good accounts of Bonny Scotland, yet I have an idea that the places will be fought out by King of the Vale, The Joker, Hobart Queen, and Linda, and I must give my vote for KLNG OF THE VALK. The Steeplechase has seven left in, and if Australian Court and Tand stickor cross the straits they should hold the locals quite safe, unless Kanaka has returned to his old form, in the event of which he might make a race of it No pleas anter meeting has ever been held on the banks of the Barwon than that which was decided last week, and though the attendance was not so numerous as it ought to have been, I'm glad to say that the receipts were nearly op to the average. Mr. Robin son and his committee have worked manfully to make the meeting a success, but their efforts are not very well seconded by the inhabitants of die pretty bat somewhat somnolent Geelong. The racing, especially on the second day, was first-class, and few who saw the steeplechase will ever forget it Linda no doubt won the Cup rather easily, as she was bound to do under such a nice racing weight as 7st 41b. and she was only just beaten in the Handicap, which fell to Ferry man, prepared by Mr. A. F. Bradshaw, whose success was received with marked evidences of delight, especially in the press-room. Mr. Bradshaw had not had the horse long enough to bring him to the post quite cherry ripe, but the gallop in the Cup did him some good, and, running with great gameness, he just managed to overthrow the favourite. As Hales never made his effort in the Cup until he was inside the distance, I was rather sur prised to see him in front so early in the Handicap, but I believe he was riding to ordera, and had he not been so seriously interfered with at the first turn, it is more than probable that he would have landed the double on Mr. B. Hepburn's gallant little mare. One of the most popular victories of the meeting was that achieved by Phantom, whose owner came in for many hand-shakings after the grey passed the post, and hopes were expressed that next season the white and red sleeves would be carried by something of superior class. Precious Stone won both of his races like a racehorse, and it would appear that Mr. Gardiner made no mistake after all in refusing to part with this colt except at a high figure. He is a member of the Juliet family, and except that lie has a deformed hind leg he bears a striking resemblance to many other members of the tribe Mr. J. 0\. Inglis has a very useful filly in Uarda, and such a bred one should be a valuable brood mare after her racing career is over, {or her dam is by Fireworks from Maid of Breda, and her sire, Proto-MartjT, is one of the most fashionably-bredhorses in Australia. Legraud made a sorry example of Little Sister in the Sires' Produce Stakes, for which it was antici pated that Off Colour would measure strides with the great Queenslander, but possibly his owner considered that discretion was the better part of valour. The railway arrange ments would have been good but for cue stoppages at Geelong, though even these were not without their advantages, inasmuch as they enabled the voyageura to indulge in a cup of tea or something stronger. By the bye, it was not generally Known that Wheat meat had been wrongly nominate! for the Mares' Produce Stakes, and that it was the intention of the owner to start him, but as he had been originally entered as Whetstone the stewards refused to allow him to run. This being so, how will it affect his Btatus in the V.K.C. St Leger, for which he was nominated as Wheatmeat! In the list sup plied by the G.R.C. for publication in the Turf Jteqisler he is merely returned as Hon. J. P. Bell's bay colt by Melbourne-Wheat sheaf. If this were the original entry, and do name was given, what was He disqualified for? Mr. E. T. Barnard often comos in for more than his share of adverse criticism for his handicapping, and probably there is no greater sinner than myself in this direction, but well-deserved compliments werejshowered upon hiar from all directions after the Geelong Steeplechase. By general consent it was pronounced the best steeplechase contest seen for years, nearly all of the horses andfhe* fimh between four being wortVa barefooted pilgrimage to Geelong to witness. The friends of the popular cross-country jockey T. Corrigan were sorry to hear that he was unable to dc present at Geelong in conse quence of illness. In the steeplechase he had a very capable substitute in Soobie, than whom there is 110 better cross-country horse man, bat still the pleasant bee of " the Western laddie" was missed, and hopes were expressed tiiat he would be well enough to rufc at Caulfield to-day. . Ah several inauiries have been made re specting Maeaniello the sire of the Geelong Handicap winner, perhaps it would interest these who are anxious to gain the informa tion to know that he was bred at Maribyr nong in 1866, and is by Ferryman from Mar chioness, dam of Angler, to whom he is there fore three-fonrths brother. As a two year old he was one of the biggest I'ever saw, but he went all to pieces, and had to be thrown out of work. He has been located in Gippfi Land for some years, but has had few thoroughbred mares. The little New South Wales mare Juanita was one that visited him, and Ferryman is her son. It is a pity thfl horse was christened after his grandfather, tor this similarity in names is likely to lead to no end of confusion in years to come. However, he is a Fisherman all over, and 1 hope his owner and trainer may have luck with him during the remainder of the season. Second King was entitled to a 31b. allow* anceinthe Barwon Stakes, but I presume his owner did not claim it when he nominated, in the event of which the concession would not be made. I would remind intending nominators for the V.K.G. Hopeful Stakes that horses the produce of stallions or mares that have never bred a winner receive an allowance, and according to the rule of the V.R.C. it will be necessary to claim the allowance when nominating. J. Monaghnn, who brought Legrand from Sydney, and has trained him since he arrived from Queensland, has returned to Sydney, having handed the colt over to Walter Hickenbotham before he left. The colt is engaged in the Champion Stakes, and it is just possible that his owner may consider it worth while to start him, for in a slow-run race he would certainly have a show ot suc cess. Up-country owners are reminded thai entries for the Wimmera Hurdle Race and Horsham Cup close with the hon. secretary. Mr. E. C. Rogers, at 8 o'clock this (Saturday; evening. The Eclipse Stakes, to be run at the Sandown-park meeting in July, 1886, closed with an entry of 270. Although the stipu lated number of entries, 300, were not received, it was decided to go on with the stake. No Australian entries appear in the list, but the Americans and the Frenchmen have con tributed a fair share. The full programme of the Scgnth Austra lian Jockey Club meeting appears this week, and is well worth the perusal of the racing men of Australia. The first day's bill of fare commences with a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., which is followed by the South Australian Stakes of 100 sovs. and the St Leger of 150 sovs., both of which have closed. A Novel Selling Handicap of 100 sovs. is certain to at tract a goodly number of the moderate divi sion, and the Goodwood Handicap of 250 sovs. will command a very numerous entry. Hitherto the last-named event has occupied a place in the lost day's card, but the S.A.JC. lias very wisely transferred it to the first, as in former years so many horses were specially reserved for it The second day onens with a Maiden Plate of 50 sovs., and then follows the Nursery Handicap of 100 sovs., but the bonne boucJie is the Adelaide Cup, a handicap of 2,500 so vs., the winner to re ceive 2,009 so vs. and a gold cuj), value 100 so vs. (the gift of Sir Thomas Elder); second horse 300 so vs., and the third horse 209 sovs. I hope every owner in Australia will support this plucky effort on the part of the S. A. J.C., for it is a plucky effort, inasmuch as the season of the year is not favourable to a very large entry. The distance is one mile and live furlongs, so that it cannot be argued that only the best of stayers can get the course. The Sires' Produce Stakes has already closed; but the All-aged Stakes of 75 so vs. and the Autumn Handicap of 100 sovs. are yet open. The third day will be taken up with the Second Hurdle Race of 100 sova, Juvenile Selling Stakes of 100 sovs., Steeplechase of 200 sovs., and S.A.J.C. Handicap of 150 sovs. The entries for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap close on Tuesday, February 19, when I hope that the racing men of Australia will give en couragement to the S.A. J.C. by liberally re sponding to the call of our neighbours. And while I'm on the subjectof important entries I must not forget that the Hawkes bury Autumn Handicap closes at 4 p.m. on Monday next, 11th inst, and, to &uit; the convenience of Victorian owners, entries will be received at the V.R.C. office. The club adds 300 sovs. to this race, and 250 to the Rowley Mile, which closes on the same day. Mr. John Tait passed through Melbourne during the week en route to Adelaide,whither he has gone to sj>end a week. The friends of the veteran will be glad to hear that he was looking remarkably welL " Robin Hood," the English correspondent of Tfie Australasian, states that Fred Archer's brother. Charles Archer, has been deprived of his licence as a public trainer, and the re newal of Tom Brown's licence is still under consideration, with a prospect of refusal In the vulgar vernacular of the turf they are both "veiyhot members." Moonlight, who won the Geelong Steeple chase,; was submitted to auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, but was bought in at 420 guineas. It is reported that Mr. T. W, Phillips has suddenly departed from Victoria. At all events anxious inquiries have been made for hinij and his numerous friends are alarmed at his absence from sporting resorts. Dvtm spiro spera. Queenscliff is to have a race meeting on the 5th March. This popular seaside resort is more famous for the efficacy of its bathing than the quality of its racing, but as it be comes more populous so will the love for sport increase, and some day we may see an announcement of the Qaeensdiff Cup, of 500 or 1,000 sovs. The programme before us is not an imposing one, the principal event being the Queenscliff Handicap, of 50 sovs., bat it is sufficient to provide an afternoon's sport for the dwellers by the sea. Nomina tions for the handicaps close with the hon. secretary, Mr.. John Rankin, at the Royal Hotel, Queenscliff, on Friday next, the 15th inst. Mr. P. B. Coglin'e stud horse The Hook ar rived from Adelaide on Wednesday,- and after a short stay at Kirk's Bazaar he was taken out to the National Agricultural Society's yards. I was glad to «$new ac quaintance with this good-looking son ol fishhook and old Juliet, and . wi^s much struck with his resemblance to his relative Precious Stone. Victoria!* studm&aters; will do well to interview this the ouly son of Juliet now in the colony. By . the last mail I have received a long letter from Mr. R, EL Maitland, in which he provides me with quite a fond of informa tion relating to, Australian horses, and the Calcutta meeting. The first day I referred to a fortnight ago, when I gave details of Nul quinpe and Transferred^ victories, He at tributes Ween's easy defeat to a cola which he had contracted shortly before the meeting. With (Sudan: Mr. Maiti&ndwfw; more tfortu nate than lie had been for spine time, for .on the second day of the roeetf out ana won the Darbhaog*: ?Loyola, -tfulquine, BeUadwm*,. but his crowning triumph was the Viceroy's Cup. It was in this race that Lord William Bercsford hoped to run some of his English importations, but as two went wrong and the others were not considered good enough, he liad no representative, the whole of the competitors being Australians, viz., Gudarz, Loyola (lute Camballo), »\een, Namesake, Narrabri, Somerset, and Palmers ton. The betting was G to 4 on Gudarz, who justified, the continence of his iriends bj winning cleverly by a couple of lengths, running the two miles in 3m. 51s.. the last wile sud a half in 2m- 43s., not a bad per formance considering that he was carrying {»st oib. Loyola -late Camballo . was second, and Ween, 8st 71b.. a bad;ami. (. arac tus won the Stand Plate, beating six others, amongst whom was Blue Beil. aui net owner not being satis tied a match wss mad^ for 2,0CK) rupees, which was won with riii.'iitoua ease by Caraetacus. 1- nfortcnately tor the owner of Traiisrerred. his colt caa^ht the prevailing epidemic, and in the Bam wan Cup was beaten by Panic s son Paltnerston, Nulquine, Caspian, and V ne*; us land also start ing. I he Monsoon M elter Cup was walked over iur by Lord Beresford's Australian geld ing Terrible Billy, who was ridden by Mr. Maclevi, a recent \isitor to Australia. 'Ihe Ghost met a big field in the >andown-park Slakes, and after a splendid race with Carac tacas, the roan son of Tre^ea^le won by a head. Tom Kirk and Glad Tiding were Bmotij! the other starters. Our old Iriend Fizz was also victorious at the meet ing for he won the Chowinghi Cup, beating eight others. Mr. Maitland informs me that he has sold loth Gudarz and Sylvauus. Previous to winning at Calcutta the former bad a narrow escape from being killed. While exercising on the training ground a herd of bullocks ran across the track, and Gudarz. colliding with one. was thrown. He tore off both his fore shoes, but luckily he escaped without any further injury than the breaking of the lower portion of his hoofs. He also informs me that Bjltic has turned roarer, and Caspian is as Blow as a man. Mr. Maitland intends to return here in the autumn, and possibly he viJl be in time for the V.R.C. meeting. Entries and acceptances for the following race meetings will have to be attended to during the coming week:-For the Kaarimba Hurdle Race and Handicap acceptances are I due to-day, February 9: also the general j entries; the liedesdale Handicap nomina tions : and entries for the Wimmera T.C. Hurdle liace and Horsham Cup are also due on the .9th. On Monday, February 11, ac ceptances for the Colac handicaps will have to be made. The Sydney Cup nominations will close on the same day. Entries for Wyndham summer meeting will also require attention on Monday, February 1L Khill and West Wimmera T.C. entries for the Flying and Nhill Handicaps and Hurdle Race will have to be sent in on February 1L Acceptances for the Numurkah meet ing are fixed for Tuesday, February 12, when the general entry also closes. _ No minations for the Keranz J.C. handicaps close on February 12. The Benalla R.C. TIanHir*f> entries are due on February 13. The general entry day for Smeaton T.C meeting and for acceptances for the Hurdle Race, Handicap, and Selling Hurdle Race is February 13. Winchelsea sweepstakes are payable on February 13; and nominations close for the Cealiba Flying and Open Handi caps on Saturday, February 16. Mr. W. L. Webb, of Westbnry, Tasmania, informs me that Little Stranger was not the first horse ever ridden in a race by Mr. T. Pickernell (the celebrated Mr. Thomas" of English Grand National fame). The late Mr. Robert Lyall, an excellent judge, had given Mr. Pickernell several exercise mounts when framing his horses, and, observing that he was a very apt pupil, and did what he was told, he allowea him to ride Messenger in the Longford Plate, and he won, beating Heiress and others. It was afterwards, at the same meeting, that Mr. Pickernell rode Little Stranger. Mr. Webb states that he had all die essential qualities to make a first-class horseman, a cool head, good hands, and a splendid seat. Dr. Fitzgerald, who has for several years occupied a place on the Victoria Racing Club committee, will shortly leave for a trip to England. The worthy medico will be missed from our metropolitan racecourses, where he was always willing to lend his valuable assistance whenever a jockey met with an accident His friends-and their name is legion-hope that he may return like a giant refreshed. Mr. T. S. Clibbom has forwarded me a card headed "A Consistent Performer," which states that Sardonyx, by Fireworks from Onyx, by Angler, started 36 times, winning six, running second 13, third three times, ana 14 times unplaced. Mr. Georce Browne, who was one of the founders of the Tasmanian Racing Club, and for some years occupied the position of hono rary secretary, has returned from a tour in Europe and the East, and has gone on to Tasmania. Mr. W. E. Dakin tried Archduke last week, and found him wanting. He has since been scratched for the Newmarket Handicap, and Bent back to his owner. The box ne oc cupied will be filled by Mr. T. Chirnaide's yearling filly by Grand Flaneur from Silver bell, and it is Quite likely that Mr. Dakin will also take the filly by Grand Flaneur Auk, and the filly by Rapid Bay-White and Blue. Mr. J. Hewitt, the secretary of the Smeaton Turf Club, desires me to draw at tention to an alteration in the event hitherto known as the Maiden Plate, that race now being called St Valentine's Plate, the con ditions and entry remaining the same, the name being changed so as to be strictly in accord with the V.K,C. rales. The annual meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was held on Monday evening The attendance was remarkably large, and great interest was evinced in the proceedings, The treasurer's statement was exceedingly satis factory. It showed that the debt which wae owing last year, amounting to over £3,000, had been reduced to £1,600, with every pro* spect dating the present year of the whole debt being. liquidated. A new committee .tad office-bearers were elected. There are spme good sportsmen in the HUlston district as the Lachtan Racing Chit programme, which appears thia week, will testify. It contains the Hillston Handicap, of 150 so vs. ; and the Rain Race Handicap, ol 100 «ovs., which, with otber events, close frith the secretary, Mr. Blakeney Broughton, on the 17th March, Mr. R. J. Gibneyhas resigned the Secretary ship.of tjie Victorian Trotting Club, and now Only holds office at the express wish of (he committee until the 1st of March. \- The firet forfeits for the Newmarket Han dicap andAuuttalian Cup are notverj numerous, 82 having dropped out of the former and lO out of the latter. This, I fchipfc iacompliinentaty to Mr. Barnard, wn^|wabtlessliM made two or three mis AsltM!'ia apportioning the weights, but I flon'* femember two big" handicaps which ftwftgiven soinuchgeneral satisfaction. ~ iid$e well worth a visit on Wed , when the annual race meeting on &e; oretty little local oourae. The Numurkah meeting takes place on the same day. The minor events of theTasmanian Racing Club have filled moderately well. For the Hurdle Race there are eight entries, in cluding Australian Court, Maiden Plate, 7 ; Elwick Stakes. 9: Flyins Handicap, 10: Goodwood Stakes. 15: Nursery Stakes, 5; All-aged Stakes. 14: and Free Handicap^ 16. The events of the Tasmanian Turf Club show a better result, there being 16 for the Maiden Plate. 20 for the New Chum Handi cap, 10 for each Hurdle Race, 23 for the All aged Handicap, and 10 tor the Ladies' I Parse. The Evandale (Tasmania) meeting passed off successfully on last week, when Mr. C. S. Agnew's West Coast won the principal race, the Morven Handicap; Mr. W. Burt's Timothy was successful in the nurdle Race, Mr. M'Kenna's L'lverstone in the Maiden; Plate, Sir. M'Kenna's Leitrim in the Steeple ; chase, and Mr. M'Bain'6 Ikmnie Scotland, by ; St. Albans. in the Flying Handicap. j The Klsternwick-park programme for St 1 Patrick's Day contains five events, the most | attractive prize being the St Patrick' Handi ! cap, of 100 sow, one mile and SO yards. The I other events are a Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs.; i a Selling Race, of 30 sovs.: a purse, of 60 ! sovs., free for all trotters, mile heats, best i three in five; and a purse of 30 sovs., for I trotters or pacers. These should provide I first-class sport, and, no doubt, will receive plenty of patronage from owners of horses. The Albury Racing Club has received capital entries for the March meeting. Among those nominated I notice Manumis sion flate Augury Is it a fact that this gelding was fraudulently run as Manumission by the Old Joe crowd ? If it be then there is likely to be some trouble if he should happen to win. liie stakes won at the lateGeelong meeting amounted in the aggregate to £2,324, Mr. J. O. Inglis being the recipient of the biggest cheque, £560, for the Sires' Produce Stakes, won by Uarda; Mr. B. Hepburn coming next with £305, and the gold cup value 100 guineas. Mr. D. S. Wallace received £351 for the Mares' Produce Stakes, won by Le Grand ; Mr. J. D. Robertson, £158 for Precious Stone's two victories; Mr. \V. Calvert £150 for the Geelong Handicap, won by Ferryman: Mr. J. M'Grade £130 for the Steeplechase, won by Moonlight; Mr. J. Wilson, £134; Sir W. J. Clarke, £78: Mr. Griffin, £75; and Mr. James Paterson, nominator of the sire of the winner of the Sires' Produce Stakes, £100. Mr. De Mestre's horses, Navigator, Copra, Olga, Sirocco. Steersman, Waxlight, Cupidon, Muscat, and a three-year-old colt, by Robin son Crusoe, have arrived at Flemington in charge of W. Stadden. I believe Odd Trick has been sold to go to either Mauritius or Singapore. The committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club met on Thursday, and decided that all bookmakers desirous of plying their vocation in the stand enclosure on the Cautfield race course Bhould be charged the sum of £6 6s., including entrance to the enclosure for all meetings up to the 31st August next, and that the fee for the outer ring Bhould be £2 to the same date, irrespective of the entrance fee Those persons desirous of registering are requested to send in their names, with fees, without delay, addressed to Mr. K. K. D. Bond, secretary, 102 liourke-street west King of the Vale, Belle Brandon, and Shamrock were despatched by the 8.8. Flin ders for Laonceston yesterday (Friday). The Winch el sea meeting, to be held next Saturday in honour of the visit of His Excel lency the Marquis of Xormanby, promises to be a great success. Great preparations are being made for the reception of His Excel lency and other visitors, the Melbourne por tion of whom will be conveyed to Winchelsea by a special train which will leave Spencer street at 10.10 a.m. on the day of the races. The Timmering Racing Club's meeting, fixed for the 4th of March, haa been aban doned. Raynor leaves Sydney this evening with the following horsesSweet William, Wal la ngra, and Boscawen. They will arrive at Flemington on Monday. 