MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, March 13. ■ Since the close of the V.K.U. Meeting ■sporting matters are again quiet. , Interest now centres in the coming Sydney events and the next Victorian Derby and Cop, but there is scarcely any movement in the • betting market at present. Double- event ■books have been opened on' next season's ■Derby and Cup, ana a few wagers have been - boohed on The Broker, Bargo, Iolanthe, and 'Phil Athol, 1,000 to 10 to 16, the Bame horse being taken for each. The Sydney Clold Cup was the theme of a little speculation yesterday; when tho following four horses were backed at 100 to 7 each, viz., Com motion, LeGrand,OffColour,andDespot. In the evening at the Victorian Club the A.J.C. Legerand Cold Cup were in request; Le Grand was backed at 1,500 to 45, to win the double: 2,000 to 40 was taken about Martini-Henry and Commotion, and 500 to 10 was offered abcnt mixed goods. ■ The Australasian states that Sir William Clark has most generously placed at the dis posal of the Melbourne Hunt Club a paddock of 400 acres, which can be used as a deer park. Mr. Thomas Chirnside, who has been ■ one of the best supporters of the Melbourne Hunt Club, has expressed Mb intention to stock the park with deer. Since the publication of weights for the V.A.T.C. Meeting the following scratchings have been made:— Okaleigh Handicap — Liddington, Chuckster Welcome Jack, Adante, W. B., Hurricane, Maid of Longford, Squireen, Dagmar, Paganini, Kathleen, Conjecture, Virago, Bassanio, Ericthoneus, Beaumont, Archie, Brown and- Rose, Napier, Priestess, Waterloo, Ghost, Tumult, Beeswax. Phantom, Pyrette, Cultee, Bohemian, Black Diamond, Hespe rides, Emilius, Caractacus, Claptrap, Honora, Uproarious, Middlemaid, St. John, Country Boy, Trump Yobs, Polly. South Yarra Handicap—Bolka, PolHo, King of the Vale and Malua. Criterion Stakes— Ambassadress, The Actor, Bluchor, Willania, Hatason, No Freari, Harbinger, Heal Jam, Jackdaw, Lord Exeter, Garfield, •Zenith, Lepicullina, Gipsy's Warning, King ship, Lady Rowena, Chandasine, Grati tude, Helene, Sandal, TheFrenchman, Pirate King, Buccaneer, War Cry, Rhesus, Bijou, Invictus, Jeremy Diddler, Palinarus, Merri man, Timboon, Merrowie, Felicia, Rufus, Illusion, Leporello. Steeplechase—Napoleon. Selling Race—General Scobeloff. All engage ments—Trumpeter, Fryingpan, Ironhand, and Primus. 