The False Princess : OB, The Nurse's Daughter, By Lion Lewis. CHAPTEE XXVL — fCounNirED). ' It is a disagreeable task enough,' added Odie, 'but this is not the moment for scruples and 'weaknesses.' ' No, dear. We must act, and quietly.* She listened a few moments. The footsteps of the rfltrrwiHncr fifirvanta had died O»t of hearing. € Shall we act now — immediately ?* .she asked. ? Just as soon as the way seems open. Take a turn through the rooms and halls as far as the dining-room, and make sure that no one is near us.* The mother acted apon the suggestion, soon returning with an air of satisfaction. ' .Not a soul is in our way, she reported. * Now ib our time. Which shall we take first ?' ' The countess, of course ! A quarter of 8n hour will suffice for the whole business. Let's to vror.k on the instant.' The couple approached the countess. ' We are going to remove you to another room,* said Odie. ' Beware of any attempt to oppose our wishes.' And with this the two women raised the countess between them, and moved towards the door givinsr upon a portion of the gardens imme diately overlooking the river. ' Mercy ! how heavy eho is/ murmured Odie, as she came to a rest. ' We shall never be able to move them all so far without assistance, or at least as promptly as we ought to move them. I will go for Servis and Orick. Having trusted them bo far, we can go a little turther. Wait ?where you are a moment.' She had scarcely slipped from the room, when footsteps resounded heavily and hurriedly in the adjoining corridor, and several men burst into the presence of the nurse and her intended vic tims. Prominent at the head of these men was Prince Pepin. ' This way, nurse/ he called to Manette, as he beckoned her to approach him. ' What are these horrors I am hearing ?' The guilty woman stood a moment as if para lysed, and then turned to fly. ' Seize her/ enjoined Pepin, addressing his at tendants. It was all in vain that Manette exerted herself to escape. She was caught at the door opposite that by which Pepin had entered and dragged back into the middle of the apartment and into the midst of her victims, bat not until she had filled the palace with her screams. ? HeavenB ! wbo have we here ?' cried the prince, as he scanned the features of the Count and Countess of Seniis. * My father-in-law ! the countess ! in such a horrible fix ! Quick, all of you ! Cut these ropes on the instant J' The will cf his followers in the premises was good ! but it was some moments befors the trio were released from their bondage, and still other moments before they were able to speak. ' What does this mean, my dear Count ? asked Pepin, as he wrung the hands of Bertha's father and mother, after first assisting the noble couple to their feet. ' It means, in a word/ replied the count, gasp ingly, ' that your wife is not our daughter ! She is the serf girl, Odie ! A horrible imposture has been put upon yon ? * ? The prince waved his hand understandingly. ' I discovered as much this morning/ he de clared, ' and have ridden from Jardon as quickly as possible to set things to rights, but little sus pecting that I was to have the good pleasure of finding you and the countess here.' Turning quickly to his followers, he asked : ' Where is she — the so-called princess ?' ' Somewhere about the palace/ replied the count. ' She was here a moment before your ar rival.' 'Let her be secured on the instant/ com manded the prince to a couple of his astonished followers, whom, he had briefly inducted into the great secret of the imposture. * See to it that she does not escape. Were she a thousand times my wife she should not escape punishment.* The two men hurried in quest of the false Bertha ; and the prince turned to Manette, who looked truly repulsive in her detected guilt. \- ' And now, woman,' said he, sternly, * a word from you will not be out of place. Who is this woman you have assisted in foisting upon me as the daughter of the Count and Countess of Sen lis?' The nurse was silent. 'Answer, or I will make you/ enjoined the prinoe, pale with his just wrath. 'Answer, or I ? will order you to the torture !' The swift lightning that leaped from his eyes was too much for Manette. ' Spare me !' she gasped. ' I will confess every thing ! Only give me a moment in which to re cover my breath !' Cunning to the last, her object was to increase Odie's chance of escape, for she had at once thought of the Arab steed Charles Martel had presented to the fake Bertha, and had further reflected that there would be some chance for herself in case of Odie's getting clear of the enemies which had been dispatched to seize her. ' '' Speak !' enjoined Pepin, when he had suffi ciently indulged the nurse in her silence. * Only in so far as you are now frank and honest shall you obtain mercy.* 'Thus adjured, Manette entered upon a full confession of the imposture of which Odie and herself had been guilty. She had barely con cluded, when one of the men who had been dis patched in quest of Odie came hurrying into the apartment. 'The princess has escaped!' he cried. 'She has fled upon her Arab steed towards the forest !' CHAPTEE XXVII. BTBANGHLT MET. The false Bertha had, indeed, made good her escape from the palace. Warned in time by the screama of her mother of the return of Pepin, she had found her two confederates, the waggoner and Orick, whose consciences were as unquiet as ker own, and had Secured their assistance by telling them that they were included in the same condemnation as herself. ' There ie barely lime for me to commaad the horses/ she said to them, ' and for you to pro cure a basket of provisions. Meet me in five minutes at the stable, and we'll take the route of the forest together/ As the last exercise of the authority she had possessed as the wife of Pepin, the guilty woman ordered her Arab steed to be saddled and brought to her, and with him' two other horses for the companions of her flight. The order was obeyed; and just as the barb was placed at her disposal, the waggoner and Orick made their appearance, armed to the teeth, and well supplied with provisions they had swept boldly from the table which had been set for the Count and Countess of Senile. . ,? ? At the end of tie period Odie had named, therefore, she and her .companions irere leaving the palace rapidly behind them. : Hot a word was spoken t or many minutes, nor until the rapid flashing of lights in the gardens and apartments of the royal residence announced that a great commotion was reigning in that quarter. By this time the fugitives deemed it safe to relax the unwonted pace at which they had en tered upon their journey. 'They have missed me/ murmured Odie, as she looked back over her shoulder. ' But this is one of those cases where it is better to be missed than to be found.' ' You don't seem to have lost your spirits/ said Servis, admiringly. ' No ; nor am I likely to/ ' I can comprehend the nature of your misfor tune/ said the waggoner, ' but I cannot under stand how it has come about.' ' Then I will briefly tell you. I had & plan of feigning illness and darkening my room, with the idea of passing myself off upon the count and countess as their daughter ; but my plan did not work successfully, as careful as I was to change my voice and take all other precautions.' ' The old count knew you, then ?' ' Or the countess — or both. Certain it is that they came to my very bedside on a tour of inves tigation, and discovered my true name and character. * You were lucky to get away/ said Orick, as his eyes, also turned admiringly upon Odie. ' How did it happen ?' The fair fugitive explained, greatly to the in creased admiration and joy of her companions. ' With such a head as you possess, we need lose nothing by turning our backs upon the court of this paltry prince/ Baid Servis, jubilantly. ' We can set ourselves up as comfortably somewhere else as independent cniefs, or as the favourites of some monarch, to whom our enmity to Pepin will be a sufficient merit.' * Or that falling, we can build ourselves a hand some castle in the forest of Ardennes, as many a fugitive has done before us/ said Odie. * I do not believe that there are three horses at the palace that can keep pace with us V 'Nor three cavaliers who could do us any harm, if they were to overtake us/ declared Orick, stoutly. ' I do not believe there is the least thing to be feared from all the pursuits they may care to enter upon.' ' And a still better thought than that is, that the count and countess have not jet found their daughter/ said Odie. ' And they are not a bit more likely to find her than we are/ said Servis. ' Oh, that we could find her !' exclaimed Odie. 'I would not regret all that has happened. I hate her !' She sank into a reverie, and for a long time pressed forward in silence. Her companions were equally thoughtful and silent, but with far different feelings from Odie's, although the mus ings of the one were singularly like those of the other, as was indicated by the conversation which eventually rose between them. ' You eeem very busy of mind/ observed Ser vis, riding close to Orick, whom he had been eying closely for several minutes. ' May I ask the nature of your reflections ?' ' To be sure, the more especially as they are very much like your own, if I am not greatly mis taken/ replied Oriek. ' Well, if they are, I will acknowledge the fact/ said the waggoner. ' Of what are yoa thinking so intently ?' ' That it is better to be a mouse and be your own master, than to be a lion and remain some body's «aptive, tool, slave, or whatever else is mean and miserable. That is to eay, Servis, two suck stout-fisted fellows as you and I will be a pair of precious fools if we go smelling around the back doors of any little princeling for honours and renown, much less for our fodder.' The waggoner started in sheer surprise under the somewhat hyperbolical remarks of His asso ciate ; he recognised sentiments very much like those by which he was himself actuated, and he accordingly rejoined : ' My thoughts were indeed very similar, Orick. But hare yours led you to any definite project ?' ' Yes. I propose, if you will join me, to become a baron — a king, even — a monarch of the forest, a3 many a stout fellow has done before us. What do you say to the idea V ' It pleases me well/ ' I know where there is a stronghold, Servis/ resumed Orick, 'which has sheltered many an outlaw chief in its day, and which may shelter a great many after us. It is a place where you and I, with a dozen of the first starvelings you may m«et, could defy the whole power of Pepin for six months, even if he gave us a regular siege, and from which we could afterwards run away at our pleasure by an underground passage.* The eyas of Servis kindled. ' Thatf a the very place I'm looking for, Orick/ he ejaculated. ' It is in the forest, of course ?' ' Yet, but at no great distance. We can be there to-morrow afternoon.' ' Then let that be our objective point/ proposed Odie, who had marked the conversation. ' The security of your 'stronghold** is the one thing of which we all now have the most need.' ' Having you with us, Priacess/ said Orick — ' for princess you will always remain to us — our retreat will not want for either life or beauty.* ' Oh, a thousand thanks for your compliment, Orick. I had not the least suspicion sot your being euoh a flatterer !' ' The remark is perfectly just/ said the wag goner, bnt not without a quick glance of jealousy at its author. ' With the princess to reign over our forest castle, we are not likely to want 'any other ruler/ The conversation was here dropped, but it con tinued in the same ohannel when it was resumed, and hardly wandered to any other topic, save those necessary consultation* and speculations to which the travellers were naturally impelled by their sitnation. At break of day they halted. * We must pause a few hours/ observed Servis, as he dismounted. ' If Pepin is in any greater hurry than we are, the road is open to him/ ' And he'll be more likely to follow it than to think -of looking for us here/ said Odie, gaily, as she alighted unassisted and looked admiringly around. ' You seem to have a natural genius for biding, Orick.* 'You will think so when yon see the castle to which I am taking you/ returned Orick. 'But you only do our present eurronnding justice, Princess, in thinking that they afford vb every necessary cover and protection.' The spot for the halt had, indeed, been well chosen, it being a grassy and well-watered open ing in the midst ox trees and rooks, which- could be converted in an instant into bulwarks of safety! 'Yon have travelled this road before, I see/ observed Odie. ' ' Bnt never before in such pleasant company as yours, Princess.' The remark was so hearty that Odie coloured slightly, while the waggoner frowned. The several hours of the halt wer# spent in slumber by Odfo.so that when she resumed her. way she was as fresh as ever. ' You have seen nothing of any pursuit, I sup pose P' she «aked, as the trio emerged from their hiding place. .' 'No. Not a soul has passed in either direc tion/ replied Bervis, who had taken {tains to place bin-self as near to Odie as possible, 'f There is not ejren a fresh footprint on the route— none fresher. 3 think, than thosft made far^iba horses of Orick and myself when we were looking for the Count and Countess of Seniis.' ' That reminds me of something/ said Odie, looking from one to title other. ' As soon as we are installed in our new quarters we must make sundry little excursions along tha edge of the forest, with a view to the discovery of Bertha.* The earnestness of her tone struck both of her companions with surprise, 'Yon would really like to find her, then?' asked Orick. ' I would give ten years of my life/ affirmed Odie, emphatically. ' If I am not greatly mis taken, Pepin knows where she is ; and that, and not a love of hunting, is the reason of his extra ordinary journey to Jardon/ The suspicion was a natural one. 'There is, indeed, something in that/ com mented Servis. 'But, in case of its truth, we shall only have to watch the prince to find her. And, another thing, we shall find her not far from Jardon.' 'I was about to suggest ap much/ observed Odie. ' It only remains, therefore, for us to take possession of our castle, and from thence make an early excursion towards Jardon.* ' Your wish shall be our programme, of course/ said Orick. ' In just two hour»\, at the pace we are going, we shall be at our stronghold, and the balance of the day will suffice for cor installation, as will the balance of the day and the night for the repose of the horses, so that with the first beams of to-morrow's sun we can bo on our way to the palace of Jardon — to the palatje itself, mind you, where, I have not the least doubt, the afore said Bertha is tarrying.* The face of Odie glowed with vengeful jealousy at the thought. *0h ! I didn't think of that !' she ejaculated. ' But, now that you suggest the fact, it is as plain as daylight to me.' The period named by Orick was nearly ended, when he aroused from a deep reverie, avad ejacu lated, looking and pointing ahead : ' Yonder is our castle 1' Odie and Servis bent a glance of eager1 interest in the direction indicated. 'I remember it/ said the former. 'It was pointed out to me particularly when I was oh my way to Herstal. It is known as the Haunted Castle, is it not, Orick ?' ' Yes, it is.* 'How did the name originate?' asked the waggoner. ' Probably through the ghostly ease with which its occupants came and went, by reason of the secret passages to which I have already alluded/ replied Orick. ' Not being a believer in ghosts, this is ths only theory I have to offer on the sub ject.' ' It is quite sufficient/ smiled Odie, 'for I am as much inclined to take a .material view of things as any one else.' The trio were soon at the castle. ' I will first show you to the apartment I pro pose for your occupancy/ said Orick, as he dis mounted in the courtyard, ' and then Servis and I will take the horses to their stable.' Onoe more he was ahead of the waggoner in bis attentions to Odie, assisting her to alight, and once more a frown of dissatisfaction traversed swiftly the waggoner's features. ' As I have spoken of secret passages/ resumtd Oriok, 'you will not be surprised to hear of secret rooms. There are several each in the castle, and the entrances are so cleverly dis sembled that you might look for one of them all (.lay without findine it. This is as much as to say that they are not known to everybody, and will leesen the surprise with which you will note how neat and coEy they are, and how comfortably fur nished.' He led the way across the courtyard, descended a long and narrow staircase in stone, advanced some distance along a corridor, turning several angles, and then came to a halt in front of what appeared to be a dead wall terminating the corri dor. A mellow radiance continued to reach them by long light-chimneys in the enlosing walls. ' The door may be rusted on its hinges/ mut tered Orick, * but the two of us will be enough for it. Just give me a lift, Servis.* Putting his shoulder to the wall, he) pushed stoutly, as did the waggoner, when a portion of the wall about as large as an ordinary door gave way to their efforts, swinging inward upon an immense pair of hinges. It was a large, sqaare room to which Orick thus gave his friends admittance. It contained a table, chairs, and several bedsteads — one of which even contained a bad, but one of such age that it was little more than a mass of rags and half rotted straw. The place, like the corridor, was lighted from above by long openings in the mas sive walls. ' Make yourself at home here, Princess/ said Orick. 'Servis and I will soon be with you again, after we have taken care of the horses and assured ourselves that we are the sols guests here/ He retraced his steps to the courtyard, followed by the waggoner, and was just in time to detect the swiftly moving figure of a woman who had descended from one of the highest pinnacles of the majestic ruin, and was in the act of escaping to the forest. ' Quick ! Stop her !* cried Orick, with the same instinct with which a tiger leaps upon its prey. The response of Servie to the call for his ser vices was so prompt that he intercepted the fugi tive before she had quitted the courtyard. ' Good heavens !' he then ejaculated. . There was only too much cause for his astonish ment. The lady was— Bertha 1 (TO BB COHTIKTJHD.) 