NEWS OF TEE DAT. ' The motion proposed by the Earl of Bone- bery for the appointment of a committee to report npon the best means of improving tbe efficiency of tbe Honse of Lorda as a legislative chamber has, according to a cablegram we publish to-day, been carried. An amendment by Earl Gran ville in favor of the creation of life peerages -was negatived. At the Vatican much nn- easiness is felt because of rumors of con templated dynamite outrages, and stringent precautions are being taken to Becure the safety of the inmates. Mr. Cleveland, it is said, will pro bably receive the support of the democrats in the election of the President of the United States. The death is announced of Alexander Charles Henry Frederick, Prince of Orange, son and heir apparent' of William HL, King of tto Hsthanssdli Tho decmsd ahreo was in his 33rd year, having been born-on 25th of August 1851. The match between the Australian eleven and the North of England eleven was resnmed and concludod at Manchester on Friday. The Australians, it will be remembered, were all disposed of in their first innings for a total of 01, whilst the home team had, at the conclu sion of the first dny's play, compiled 187 rnns for the loss of six wickets. When play was continued on Friday tho North of England representatives increased tho total to 220, the only other batsman who reached donble figures boing Briggs, who placed 22 to bis oredit. The bowling honors were dividod be tween Palmer amd Snoflorth, tho former ob taining livowickots for 70 rnns, and the latter, four wickets at a similar cost. The Aus tralians, however, do not appear to have au- quitted themselves in the field with their customary precision and accuracy. Tho visitors, who were now in a minority of 129 rims, did not fare much better in the second innings/which terminated for a total of 107, tho home team- thus being victors in one innings, with £2 runs to spare. The highest scorers were Btackham with 32, M'Donnell 23, Spofforthl-i,Mnnlochl2andMidwintorlO.Tho most successful bowler on behalf of the North of England representatives was Peate, who soenred live wickets for 20 runs, whilst Ulyctt obtained three wickots at a cost of 60 runs. In tbe legislative Assembly to-morrow, tho debate on tho federation and annexation resolutions, submitted to the Honse by the Premier last Thursday evening, will be re sumed by Mr. Pearson. It ia expected tbat a number of hon. members will address them selves to these resolutions, and the debate Is likely, therefore, to occupy the House for the remainder of the week. As it is not intended to go into committee on the jjjjll for establishing a federal council, hon. members will be allowed fall latitude to debate the whole subject upon the resolutions now beforo tlio House, and which .contain the prinoiples that are embodied in the federal council bill to be asked for from tho Imperial Parliament. me legislative council will also meet on Tuesday afternoon, and proceed with the bill providing for tho remuneration of attorneys and solicitors, and some motions submitted by private members. But this House has, nt present, not niach business to occupy its attention, and after to-morrow's sittings will probably adjourn for a week, The Minister of Defence on Saturday re ceived a telegram from Captain Thomas, B.N., in command of tho Victorian squadion, stating tbat the Sect wonld leave Sydney for Hobson's Bay on the morning of that day. The squadron should therefore arrive iu port this morning. The same telegram also announced that Lieutenant Collins, of the Cerberus, who is returning to the colony after going through n course of special lectures in England, has for several days been laid up with nn attack of fever. , The Premier had an interview with General M'lver on Saturday forenoon in reference to an exploring and colonisation expedition to New Guinea, which the latter announced hie determination of leading. Tho purpose of his interview with Mr. Service was to. as certain whether the Australasian colonics, or the Victorian Government in particular, wonld take any part in tho expedi tion. After briefly discussion the Bubject with General M'lver, the Premier asked him to Bnbmit his views in a letter, which Mr. Service promised to bring under the notice of his colleagues at the earliest op portunity. Bat the Premier at the same time intimated that he could not hold out much hope of the Government sharing in the proposed expedition, especially in view of the part which they had already pledged themselves to in another movement with which the Australian colonies generally wero connected. He feared that the Government was not in a position to officially countenance a colonisation scheme, excepting with the sanc tion of the Imperial authorities. Bnt the Cabinet wonld not, he thought, he adverse to considering a scheme for exploring New Guinea, and collecting fuller information than was at present available as to the nature and resonrees of tho country, A very successful race meoting was hold nnder tho auspices of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club at Caulfield on Saturday afternoon. The weather, whieh was gloriously fine, in duced a very numerous assemblage to visit the protty little course, and much interest was manifested in tbe various events, the competi tion for which was of a highly interesting cha racter, The Hurdle Kaco was easily appro- priated by Herri, who was established a warm favorite, second honors being gained by Oon- cord and third by Mtisidorn. Tho Victoria Gold Cnp, which commanded the Bmall field of three, resulted in a very one-sided affair, as two of the horses balked in the oarlypartof tho race, and allowed Fickle to romp home a ridicu lously easy winner. The Ladies' Trophy, whioh attracted the big field of thirty-one, was won < by The Ghost, who was running in Miss Beid's nomination ; Primus was second, and Dnenna third, Stampede won tho Open Steeplechase, Fickle being second and Australian Conrt third. The Bichmond Handicap, which ter minated tbe proceedings, resulted in a win for Black Diamond, Primus was second and Lyons Lady third. Colonel Freeman, of the let battalion of the Victorian Militia, has become so dissatis fied with tho arrangements made in connection with his battalion that he has sent in his resignation to the Council of Dofence. So far as can be learned Colonel Freeman baa been led to take this Btop in conse quence of the Council of Defence removing several of his best officers to other battalions. Colonel Freeman, who is an enthusiast in the profession of arms, has devoted many years of study to the training of bis officers, and he thorefore feole aggrioved at their removal, especially at a time when they would be able to afford valuable assistance in carrying out the important work which has to be done in connection with each a complete reorganisation of the battalion. It is a rather nnfortnnate contretemps. The Council of Defence will lose an invaluable coadjutor, and the 1st battalion sn officer who has always commanded the re spect and attention of his corps. Tho Minister ot Mines on Saturday ac cepted tenders for the supply of fittings nnd connections for the Government diamond drills during the year commencing on the 31at of next month and ending on the 30th June, 1885\. The tender of Philip Bevao at £155 lis. Cd. was accepted. Considerable improvements aro being effected in tbe system of electric lighting adopted at the Spencor- street station, and they will probably be completed daring the present week. A short time ago the incandescent lights wore removed from the passenger plat- forms in order to increase the power of tho arc lights fixed thronghont the station yard. This proved each a success that Mr. E. L. Murray, electrical engineer to the Victorian railways, was instraoted by tbe Minister of Bailways, to report upon tbe system gene rally, and to give comparative statements of the cost and lighting power of the electrio light, as compared with gas. In his report Mr. Murray stated that the electrio light system gave nine times more illumination thun gas for less than half the coat. He, therefore, recommended several improvements which experience had shown to be necessary, and advised the extension of the Bystem, so as to utilise the tvholo of the steam power in the generating room. The Minister of Bail- ways approved of the recommendations, and a powerful rsruan dynamo maemne was ob tained to supply a five Ampere current instead of a ten Ampere current as piven off by tbo machines now in use. The object in halving the current is to rednqp the incandescent fights on tho passenger platforms from 2000 to 1000 candle power, Mr. Murray being of opinion that a softer light is preferable for tbe eight. The new dynamo will supply 30 lamps, giving a total power of 30,000 candles. Inside tbe generating room has been erected a regu lating board, by which the power of any light can be diminished or increased in a moment. By a system of crose switching the current can be transferred from one wire to another. This will be fonnd useful in transferring the fight from a portion of the station where it is no longer required to another place where work is still going on. The system here is the most complete in Australia. In the generating room there are six dynamoB, three supplying 30 arc lights in the station yard, and three supplying 30 lamps on the passenger platforms, should the latest improvements prove a snccoss, the system will probably be extended to the Flinders-street and Frinoes-bridge stations. It is believed (writes our London corres pondent nnder date ltith May) that the Go vernment have good hopes of coming to terms with M. Ferry on the recidivist® question. This impression led Lord Bosebery to consent readily to the postponement of his motion, and the idea of holding a public meeting of colonists in London to protest against the threatened inroad of criminals into the vioinity of Australia has also been aban doned. Sir Francis Bell is now in Paris in a semi-official capacity endeavoring ,to poor oil into the wounds of French suscepti bility. The Agents-General themselves think that had they been allowed, as they prejineeil soma months ago, to interview M. Ferry in body, matters wonld not h are gone the lenetin they hare. Tho B.M.S. Assam reached Hobson's B» at a Quarter to four a.m. yesterday, bringing tire English mails to tlio ICth nit. These woe distributed in the following manner:— Mel- bonrne 01, Sydney 93, Queensland 13, Tas- mania 23, New Zealand 43, Noumea 6 naval squadron 3, Geelong 20. The ban wen transhipped immediately on arrival. Mr. John M'Intyre, M.L.A., was amongst the passengers. Our London correspondent, writing on the 16th May, states that Lord Derby has written a despatch to the colonial Governors on the annexation question, tho substance of which lie has communicated to the Agents-General, His Lordship has, however, forbidden them to impart its contents to the various colonial Premiers by cable, as. ho thinks courtesy demands that the Governors themselves Bhonld be first Hindu acquainted with his views, A meoting of the City Conncil will be hell this afternoon, at which accounts will bo pre. senteil amounting in the aggregate to £11,200, Several reports will bo presented for consider, ation, one of whioli being tbat of the local health officer on the case of Mr. Barker who died of small-pox recently, may cause some discussion. A report from tbe health committee, submitting a statement as to tiio requirements for tho Bafety of the public at tlio three principal metropolitan I theatres, will bo brought forward, and, there I boing in this matter a conflict of opinion be- I twdon the central and local boards of health, ' I the subject is ono for debate. Other reports I will be presented from tbe legislative, health, I finance and hackney carriage committees. I Aftor a trial extending over the whole of I last week, the caso of Cooper v. Dangtrfield I was concluded on Saturday, before Mr. Justict I Higinbothnm and a ipeciul jury of six. Mr, I Webb, Q.O., and Mr. Isaac3 appeared for ths I plaintiff ; and Dr. Madden and Mr. Topp foj I the defendant. The plaintiff, who is a pre. I perty owner in Capcl-street, Hotham, seeks to of less which ho had sustained through the de fendant working a foundry on the adjoining premises. Tho plaintiff alleged that when a certain Chilinn mill, which formed part of the machinery, was in operation, it caused his ' walls to vibrato and the crockery to rattle to such an extent that the members of his family suffered considerable personal inconvenience, Tho defendant sought to show that the vibra tion complained of had been exaggerated by the plaintiffs witnesses, and be also pleaded oa equitable grounds that the plaintiff had tacitly acquiesced in the foundry being constructed, Tho jury after viewing the premises found, la answer to questions pnt to them by the judge, that the plaintiff was entitled to recover £200 on certain counts, bnt that the defendant's equitable plea was valid. The matter will pro bably form the snbject of an application to tha Full Court. At the usual monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Victorian Shipowners' Associa tion, held on Friday last, Mr. Hugh K. Beid in tho chair, the question of connecting the now lighthouses at Cliffy Island and Cape Nelson by telegraph with Melbourne cams nnder discussion. It was stated that the Post master-General considered that there was no immediate necessity for incurring such an ex penditure ; but a strong opinion was expressed by tho nautical members of tho committee that in tha iutereet of life and property the lighthouse keepers at Cliffy Island and Caps Everard should be in a position to telegraph to Melbourne for prompt assistance in the event of a' wreck or casualty occurring withia signalling distance. The Commissioner of Trade nnd Customs wru the official specially in charge of tbe travelling pabfio ; and it wsa resolved to write to that gentleman con veying the views of the association on ths snbject. Tlio Victorian Tolenrarth denartroent has received the following advice from Shanghai : — " 20th Jane. — The Siberian lines are inter rupted." The death is announced at Kimberlay, Sonth Africa, on the 25th alt., of Mr. Edward Bundle Levey, barns ter-at -law, and formerly special correspondent of Tlie Age in London. The deceased was a younger brother of Mr. G. C. Lcvoy, O.M.G. An adjourned extraordinary general meetisi of the members of the Post Offioe Mntsal life Insuranoe Association was hold on Bator, day evening in the Equitable Co-operatire Society's Hail, Ooliins- street east ; the presi- sident (Mr. jr. T. Cadman) In the chair. The resolutions passed at the annual general matt ing of members, held on the 9th May Int. were confirmed. The proceedings terminated shortly 'aitorwards with votes of thanks to As chairman and Bcaretary. Wesley College continues nndor tbe present head maator to maintain the high reputation it attained nnder Professors Irving and An drew. Oat of ten candidates sent np to As recent matriculation examination, eight passed the matriculation examination, another pamed the civil aervice examination, and only one oat of the ten failed, A successful trial of an electrical apparatus for automatically registering the time in fire brigade competitions was made by the Kew Volunteer Fire Brigade on Saturday after noon. The instrument used was invented and constructed by Messrs. Burmeister, Kellett and Martin, of the local brigade, and is in tended to prevent the possibility of any error in the times recorded. The apparatus can also be arranged so as to be available for timing horse races, boat races, or similar contests where the correct time is of importance. The experiment tried by Messrs. Fraser and Winter of sending frozen mutton to Paris had (our London correspondent states) bnt very partial snccesB. It has been proved, however, that inferior mutton can be sold in Franco more readily thqn tho superior sorts at a price which will leave a profit to the shipper. Great interest is - boing taken at present in the district of East Praliran and Armadsle ia reference to public houBe and grocers' licences. At the weekly Blue Ribbon meeting held in tho Presbyterian mission hall, Orrong-rosd, nn "KVidnv trim fnllnttrirtrr YMftlntrirtn WAS THMHll mously carried : — " That this meeting is strongly opposed to any increased facilities being afforded in tho district for tbe sale cf intoxicants by granting any additional grocers' or publicans' licences, and trusts that steps will speedily be taken by tho authority to remove some of tbe temptations to drink, by far too numerous in the locality." The annual meeting of the West Melbourne Independent Church Mutual Improvement Association was held on Friday evening lost ia the church, William-street. After tea, tha election of officers for ensuing year waspro« ceeded with, and resulted as follows : — Presi aenv, xvev. ej, jl» miie , vico-piwiuw-, Messrs. Parves and Waters trom ; secretory, Mr. J. Spittle ; treasurer, Mr. W. J. Cooper; Committee, Misses Cayzer and Peddle, Messrs, Cayzer, Maxwell and Ninnis. The proceedings were pleasantly diversified with songs sad recitations. An enjoyable rhmion was held in the Protestant Hall on Friday evening last, by the trainees and trained teaohors In and around Melbourne. Between fifty and sixty gentlemen Bat down to an excellent dinner, Mr. John Murphy presiding. After the usurd loyal toasts, and those of tho training institution and officers had been duly honored, the chair man drew attention to the position trainees would occudv under the Pernio Service Act, and advised all out-going trainees to accept permanent positions as soon as possible, in order to gain classification. The evening ttf pleasantly filled in with songs and recitation The final performance of La Pille de Madame Aneot took place at the BftH Theatre on Saturday evening. Offenbach Princess of Trebizonde is announced for to night. The People's Concert in the Hall of Science attracted a large attendance on Saturday evening, when the Reunion Minstrels success" fully went through & varied programme. Tut vocal and instrumental portions of tbe eater tainment wero well selected, and given with a spirit which elicited hearty applause. The Hibermcon and Minstrel Company at the Victoria Hall was well patronised oa Saturday evening. Mr. Tom Buckley and Miss May Vivian were well received, and the performance of Mr. John Coghlan, the Inn piper, was much applauded. The amusing comedy Mollie O'Counor, or Ireland in Shade and Sunshine, created great laoghter. Notre Dome was repeated on Saturday oven ing at the Theatre Royal bofore a well filled honse. The piece now runs with great smoothness, and Mm Jeffreys#Lewis as E® moralda, and Mr Bampier as Quasimodo, nightly receive the plaudits of the audience. The magnificent scenery of Messrs. Gordon and Hennings was the theme of general admiration on Saturday. The drama is an nounced for repetition. The announcement that Hummel's mssiia D wonld be song last evening at St. Patrick's Cathedral bod the effect of drawing a largo congregation. The choir was conducted by Mr. A. Plumpton, and Madame Tasca gre aided at tho organ. Tho lost was Utnf re&darod;, bat baa boon rag by tbo oaM choir with greater effect. Tho eminent English flautist, Mr. John RadoUff, performed for the offertory Beethoven's romance in' B, and treated It with masterly effect. Mrs. Cutter sang daring the collection made for charitable purposes Instead of the usual programme of the , People's Concert in tho Temperance Hall, Russell-street, on Saturday evening, the tem perance drama, by T. S. Arthur, Ten Nights in a Bar Room, was performed by a profes sional company, nnder tho management of Mr. A. J. Byrne The hall was filled in every part, by on audience numbering about 2000 persons, and hundreds were disappointed at being unable to gain admission. The various characters in the drama were well sustained, and the audience showed their appreciation by frequent applause. The musical arrangements were tinder the direction of Mr. «T. Munynrd. The drama will be repoated this evening for the last time, as the company open in Geelong on Tuesday evening. Merer?. Bliss and Perjman notifv a salo of fifty years leaseholds at Grace Park, Hawthorn, on the 5tu Julv The pianos recently seized by the Customs for under-talue entry, will be offered for sale to-day by Messrs. M'Clure, Valantino and Co. We have received from Mr. A. J. Smith, Swanston- ptnet, a packet of tbo ' Post Has to" stationery manu factured by Marcus Ward and Co., London, containing an excollcnt assortment of tinted note paper, with envelopes to match. The weekly report of the Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital Is as follows : — In patients: Remaining from last week, 84; admitted, S; discharged, 2; remain- loz in house, 40. Out patients : Males, 115 ; females, 110 ; new cases, S3 ; total, 201. Operations, 3. Thefollow in v is the state of tho bouse in the Hotneo- potfaio Hospital for the week ending 21st dune : — New cases, 23; admitted into house, 2; attendances, out patients, 184; number remaining nnder treatment, 8S9 ; death, 1, viz., Wm, Smith, aged 43, from abscess of lung. The hon, treasurer of tlio Hampsnn Memorial Mis sion acknowledges with thanks the following dona tions, received tier Mrs. Sraithnrst:— King, Harcourt and Williams, £1 ; Stephens and Watts, £1; Robert- on and Moffat, £1 ; Burkitt, Coosley and Co., £1 Is.; Geo. Webster and Co., £1 le.; A.B., £1; Patterson, halngand Bruce, £1 is.; V.li,, 10s. Od.; W. Frewin, 10s. 6d.;Beath, Schlessand Co,£l Is.; Gavin, Gibson pod Co., £1 is. 