Late epitome of stents. Air explosion of gas at the Telephonic Exchange, Melbourne, last week, de stroyed the apparatus attached to a num ber of telephones. The Ipswich correspondent of the Brit bane Ooubiek states that George Young, guard on the ballast train of tire Brisbane Valley branch, had a wonderful escape from being killed lately. The train Was proceeding up the line, and when-Hearing a bridge about four miles from town Young was in one of the ballast trucks, and in endeavouring to pass on to the one on which his brake was fixed the train gave a sudden lurch and'he was unable to grasp the brake handle, and endeavoured to jump off on to the bridge, but was caught by some of the handrails and pre cipitated on to the embankment 30 feet below. He was immediately brought into town and conveyed to Mb father's resi dence. Ho bones were broken, but Young was badly bruised and kuocked about, aba suffered great pun. At the Orange Quarter Sessions in Feb ruary last, a man named Peter Irvine was found guilty of horse stealing, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment. At the close of the oase for the prosecu tion the prisoner in reply to the judge said he did not wish'to make any state ment ; but, after consulting, his attorney, he expressed a wish to address the court, which the judge refused to allow him to to do. An application was brought be toreTHBTUlt court to quash "the-conviction on the ground that the prisoner had been illegally deprived of thia.righW . The 470th sectionof the Criminal lAw Ajinend ment. Act gives a prisoner the right jjo make a fitatement between Jhe^tune of the dosing of tire prosecution, and the calling of the witnesses for the defenoe. The court held thait the point was fatal and reversed the conviction. Thus, n prisoner who had been convicted escapes punishment. Thomas Irving, a cook, aged 35, has been committed for trial, at Sydney, on a charge of indecently assaulting Loui" Winter, a girl of 14 years. A peculiar municipal case comes from Victoria. A man named Wilson sued the Oakleigh Shire Council for damages sus tained through jthe negligence of the Council, and obtained a verdict wMch, with the costs, amounted to more than the rates of the municipality. Wilson has now obtained a mandamus, compell ing the Council to strike a sufficiently high extra rate to pay the judgment. A little boy, aged 4 years, named Sams, received a kick from a home on .Wednes day.last at Tamworth. He had a crust of broad in his hand, which an old horse at tempted to get. The little fellow tried to drive the horse away, when it turned round and kicked him in the forehead, cutting it from eye to eye. The horse had been accustomed to be fed with crusts of broad. > On Monday last an old man, Charles Salmon, received an injury in the break van of a goods train, which will prevent active movement for some time to come. He entered the break van at Bathurat (says tbe Fuee Pnnss), and travelled as far as Brewongle, when he was jthrbwn with force on the floor of the van by the train giving a sudden jerk. In the fall one of his thighs was broken. The sta tion-master forwarded the injured man back to Bathurat, when he was. taken to the hospital by Constable Gallagher, who accompanied him there in the police van. The injuries were promptly attended to, and Salmon is now suffering ??. A proclamation was to be issued on Tuesday, authorising the quarantining of all vessels arriving at Sydney from Mauri- tius and the Mute Archipelago, where smallpox is reported to be prevalent. Tuesday's Echo says Messrs. R. and A. Hurts, tailors, whose premises an cen trally situated in George-street, on Sa turday announced their willingness to purchase notes of the Oriental Bank. Before closing at night they obtained notes representing £203 at 17s. 6d. per £1; in the afternoon £300 notes at 12s Bd., and received £300 in Oriental notes as payment for clothing, no discount be ing deducted in the transaction last men tioned. The business of the two days led o the receipt of paper representing £1403 Phe price to-day is 16s. per £1 note At Newcastle, on Monday night, a wo man named Chase fell backwards oat of a window, while cleaning it at the Victoria Hotel, broke her leg, narrowly escaping breaking her neck. She now lies in the hospital greatly shaken. While crossing the line at Junee Junc tion, on Monday, a railway porter named Ellis slipped off a truck which was station ary and fell against a passing train, and both his legs were fractured. A telegram from Wagga, on Tuesday, says:—Cole and party, of Hillas Creek, from their hundred feet level crushed 26 tons of stone at Adelong for a return of 55oz. of gold. At that depth the reef is between 1 foot and 18 in. wide. M'Ma hon and party, who are working a mile horn this claim, have some good looking stone ready for crashing. The Ellen Harkins Gold-mining Com pany, Gympie (Qd.). have crushed 53 tons of quartz for a yield of 2530oz. of gold. Further specimens containing 600oz. of gold have been obtained from the south drive of the Wilmot Extended Company, No8. 3 and 4. North Glanmore Gold mining Company have declared a divid end of 5d. per share. A man named Browning, a recent arri val horn Sydney, killed his wife at Mel bourne, on Sunday, by tatfenmg in her skull. Browning waa furioiis with drink and jealousy when he committed the fear ful deed. The woman's blood apouted all over the door, and when the police ar rived a most ghastly sight awaited them. Browning is in custody. Several persons in Br&idwood; (says the Dispatch) have been nicely swindled lately by levanten. A young man, who put up to be quite a leader in society in his own way, and who was a bit of a lady killer in the bargain, was missing from his usnal haunts, when, upon enquiries being instituted, it was ascertained that he had gone away very quietly, getting up on tbe coach a short distance out of town, hot desiring probably to have that fuss made about his departure which a gentleman of his position sometimes expects after a cer tain term of residence in a country town. It did not take long, however^ before it transpired that he had been a gay de ceiver to other than the fair aex, having " got into the ribs," as the term goes, of nearly every tradesman in town, and, so impartial was he in his favours, that he even got up a subscription ball and ap propriated the greater portion of the-cash realised from the sale of tickets, leaving the bills of those supplying the refresh ments, and the rent of the Institute Hall, unpaid. Since the departure of this il lustrious individual, another equally bare faced imposition has been perpetrated by a scoundrel who, having had a contract here, got a considerable amount of credit in the town, and left allanxioua friends to whistle for their money. . A private letter received by the Bishop of Maitland states that Archbishop Moran has left for Borne, and will leave for Aus tralia in July. It is officially announced that the amount held by the Oriental Bank to the credit of the Victorian Government is over £420,000, which is approximately divided as follows:—On account of the four mil lion loan, £195,000 ; on fixed deposit, in Melbourne, £185,000; on current ac count, £14,000; and draft to London to meet the coupons payable in July, about £30,000. The question of the joint and several liability of the other associated banks who contracted with the Govern ment for the public account in 1880, is under consideration. The position which has been taken up by the Government is that the associated banks are bound to make good any loss on the public account which has been caused by the stoppage of any one of them. In Victoria, more money is to be de voted to a continuation of the geological survey of the colony. A dreadful affray between two brothers is rejiorted by the Sandhurst correspond ent of the Argus. On Wednesday even ing two brothers, named respectively Ed ward Edwards and Hemy Edwards, bad a quarrel, during which Edward took a double-bladed pocket-knife from his pocket, aud having opened the large blade, struck his brother on the right shoulder, inflicting a superficial wound. He stabbed him a second 'time oniJw liflok < of the shoulder. During a further Scuffle, Edward again aimed a third blow, the j blade entering the right side immediately j below the ribs, inflicting a wound an inch j and a half in length, and penetrating a j considerable distance. The wounded | man's cries for assistance brought some neighbours to his rescue, and it was found that he was bleeding profuBely. He was taken to the Kangaroo Flat police station, and thence brought to "the Sandhurst hospital. Dr Golquhoun made an examination and discovered that the two first-mentioned injuries were not of a very serious character, but it is not known whether or not the point of the blade had entered the right lung. Hie R.M.S. Rome left Melbourne on the 6th inst., having a treasure shipment of £47,838. The total cost of the deten tion of the Borne, &c..; and quarantining will be £1500, about half of which is chargeable to the P. and O. Company. The death is announced of Mr. E. ; Kliull, a well-known gold buyer, of Mel bourne. He was 79 years old. The Hon. S. W. Griffith, Premier of Queensland, will be unable to be present at the proposed meeting of the Interco lonial Conference Committee to consider the recidivist® question. During the recent flood in the river at Lismore a large quantity of cedar and pine was run out of the creeks into deep water. A man named Matthew James Hall, a carrier, who lived at Four-mile Creek, near East Maitland, died on Friday last from injuries received by falling out of a j spring-cart which he was driving. It is said that Mr. G. A. Lloyd, who represented Newcastle for many years, intends to stand for Northumberland when Mr. Tighe resigns his seat. Mr. Service, the Victorian Premier, has telegraphed to Mr. Murray Smith, the Agent General, urging him to press again 3ie claim of Australia to havereprer scntation on the Suez Canal Convention, which is about to be held. An atrocious outrage was perpetrated last . ■■■wlwabla,. horses had their throats cut in Cnae ana Co.'s stables, Sussex-street. Two of them have since died. This is "the second time since last Christmas that valuable horses in this stable have had their throats cut The police have the matter in band. At a meeting of Oriental Bank ere-! ditora and depositors, held at Melbourne ' on the 9tb, it was resolved that no action should be taken. The Sydney cor. of the Dubbo Dis patch says :•—Bishop Barry is popular, but people are beginning to be somewhat disappointed. He is not scarcely so powerful as was expected, he has a plea sant face, a nice taking voice, but, as a mover of the masses and an utterer of ori ginal thoughts, which fix themselves on people's memories, he is a long way be hind his right reverend brother in Mel bourne. At the Newcastle Anglican Synod the Bishop strongly advocated the general abolition of pew rents. A man named Mackay lias been sen tenced to fourteen days' imprisonment, at Brisbane without the option of a fine, for having cruelly beaten his horse. The news of the suspension of the Oriental Bank created a sensation in Burrowa. One depositor fainted upon being told of the fact. The manager of the Commercial Bank, at Yass, went over to Burrowa immediately and made ar rangements for opening a branch. A funny present is noted in a New Zea land paper, which says :—" TheTongariro is taking a fine half-bred sheep from the Bishop of Nelson as a present to the Lord Mayor of London." During April 8000 pairs of rabbits were trapped in Win chela ea and Berregurra (Vic.) for the Colac Meat Preserving Com pany. Complaints are being made at Casino and district about nearly all the un alienated land being reserved so that timber-getters are debarred the privileges accorded by their licenses. The carpenter of the ship Beincia, at Melbourne, committed, acow&cdly; assault upon the third officer of that vessel the other day by throwing a ladleful of hot j pitch over him., A Newcastle resident, named Henry ' Bennett, died in peculiar circumstances. The neighbours noticed the doors of bis house closed. The police entered the house, nod found Bennett lying ill and in sensible behind a door. He was removed to the hospital, but brought back by his relatives, .and died. His rooms were searched, and a large quantity of bank notes and some gold and silver were found. A will disposing of his proper ties was discojrwed in a bag in an open safe. t ■ A telegram rwo Adelong to E. News on Saturday says :—A serious accident oc curred at the Perseverance crushing mf' chine, Adelong, on Thursday evening, the engine-driver, Ayres, after having started the engine, went to connect one of the Denny pulverisers, and instructed the lad in attendance to put it in the clutch while he (AyreB) gave the Denny a start. The Denny got in motion unex pectedly, and Ayres was dragged in. Fortunately he managed to throw himself partly out of the basin, grasped one of the stanchions and held it until the machine was stopped. He was crushed about the thigh, and his leg was broken about din. above the ankle. His leg has been set, and he is ,doing as wallas can be expected. The Commercial Bank opened a branch at BraidWbod last week. This step was i taken '& consequence of the failure of the ] Oriental'Batik. : 1 Advices have been received in Queens land that the ship Nereus, 1068 tons, which left Barrow in Furness in Lancashire, for Mackay, Qd., with rails, is a total wreck. The locality is not stated. A man, named Luck, had bin arm broken at Maitland last week. He was working in Mr. Pritchard's timber yard when he came in. contact with the flywheel of one of the machines. An indignation meeting was held at Tighe's Hill, near Newcastle, on the 7th inst., to protest against the Government allowing the wholesale robbery of coal from beneath the main road and private dwellings in that locality. It was resolved unanimously that the Government—as it has ignored several deputations from the Borough Councils of Wickham and Wara tah (representing the wholesale destruc tion of roads and the risk to human life) —should be charged by the meeting with wilful negligence. An iuquest in reference to the fatal boiler explosion in Ballarat was opened on the 7th and adjourned. The youth -Swain said that the gaugeglass was nearly full when he fired up in the morning. The boiler, he deposed, was never worked at over 601b. pressure, and it was examined 18 months ago. Typhoid fever has broken out in the Hospital for Sick Children at the Glebe. - The Premiers of all the colonies have replied to the circular sent out by Mr. Service, of ViofawiB, roiyootiag the recidi vist® question. The replies are unani mously in favour of immediate action. The Victorian Postal Department in tends to provide bicycles and tricycles for the messengers. . It is understood that no Marine Board enquiry will be held in connection with the recent cutting down and sinking by the Government punt of the barqne Pros pector at the A. A. Co.'s wharf, New castle. The Government authorities ad mit their responsibility, and there the matter ends. The Gundag&i; Truss reports that an inquest was held on Monday by Mr. Weekes on the death of Jeremiah O'Con nor, a baker in the employ of Mr. P. Tier nan, Five-mile Creek. The deceased came into Gundagai on Saturday, and remained | there until about II a.m. on Sunday, when Mr. Beever sent deceased home in his buggy, driven by the groom in his em ploy. The buggy was taken as near as possible to the tent where deceased had been living, and between it and the stop ping-place was a pretty deep dry creek over which ho had to go. In getting down the creek, O'Connor caught his feet in the roots of a tree, and was thrown vio lently to the ground. The groom, seeing that something serious had happened, came in for Dr. O'Dwyer, who found life to be extinct, caused by a broken neck. A very adroit robbery was perpetrated at the residence of Mr. John Kline, Noah's Ark, Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, dur ing Sunday night (Bays the Mebcuby). Mr. Kline had been reading up to nearly 2 o'clock on Monday morning, and when he retired to rest there was no sign of any person about the place. On pnparing for business in the morning it was discovered that the premises had been entefcd during the night, and a quantity of weiring ap parel and other goods stolen. LOI1 ex_ animation it was found that an e*rance had been effected through the winner of tbe sitting-room, in front, which is^ro tected by shutters. Hie bolts on the Gut ters had been lifted by means of a jkee of wire, which was. closed, but not faateued, raised. Ma^ on the shutters led to this conclusio The thief was barefooted, as tracks c bare feet were apparent on the footpath close to the verandah of the house. , The judgment has been reversed in the action Nipper and See versus Hixson. The plaintiila sued the Sydney Marine Board last May for damages sustained by the steamer Argylein the Clarence River, ' and obtained a verdict of £5105. The judges in Banco made the rule nisi for an entire verdict for the defendant absolute with costs, evidence of neglect on the part of the Aigyle's captain being shown. Ronald Berry, a boy eleven years of age, of Reedy Rake, Victoria, was bitten on the first finger of the right' hand by a brown snake.; His brother, a year or two older, tied a piece of string around the finger above the bite, and Hie boys then went to their father, and the younger boy suggested that it should be cut off. The finger was cut off after two blows with a rusty axe, and the father then rode with the boy to Eerang, and Dr. Gregory re moved what was left of the finger, and dressed it, the boy not making the slight est sound. No sign of poisoning has shown itself. An amusing incident occurred at the Macleay River show, held reoently. A prize was offered for the best duck and drake, Muscovy breed. A well-known telegraph operator sent two magnificent drakes to compete for the honour, and his better half pulled the feathers out of the tail of one of the birds. The two judges, one of them a prominent solicitor, after careful deliberation, awarded the prize to the telegraph operator, much to that indi vidual's surprise and the amusement of all the visitors to the show. A visitor to Gundagai (says the Times) was sitting under tlie Criterion verandah ou Wednesday, and after admiring the new bank suddenly asked " What bank is that?" "Why the New South Wales,'" says a townsman, wondering how it was the visitor could not see for himself. " Well." say?., the visitor, " they .might have said so on the window," and then the reason of the question leaked out. Whether by accident or design, nowhere outside the building is it shown what bank it ib, merely the word " bank" on the win dows and doors. Says "Endymion" in the Queens lander :—I always knew that the Go vernment Savings Bank was a useful in stitution, but I never knew till, recently how many purposes it was made to serve. Discovering accidentally that a tradesman not by any means in a small way of busi ness was in the habit of using it for all his financial transactions, I asked him why he did not keep his money in an ordinary bank. " Veil, you Bee"—he was a Ger man—"it's the vimmens." "The wo men !" I echoed, in surprise, " what have they to do with it ?" " Veil, you see, ven dere is money in ze house, or vere it can be got easy, dey alvays vunts it for cloze, bot in dis SavingB Bank dere is a day's notice to be given, and I alvays forgots." And he ended with a wink in three vo lumes. On Saturday last (says the Yass Cou rier) a little girl, aged 8 years, daughter of Mr. Geal, who resides at North Yass, met with a severe and painful accident. It appears the child was running down a hill near her patents' residence, when a dog tripped her, causing her to fall with great force, the result being that her collarbone was broken. Medical assist ance was immediately obtained, and the little sufferer is, we believe, progressing as well as can be expected. I A burglar, named Q'Callaghan, has been sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment at Sandhurst for two cases of housebreak ing. Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, has received from Cardinal Shueoui a letter to the effect that, in consequeuce of the Italian Supreme Court's decision aB to the property of the Propaganda, it has been decided to establish out of Italy a number of centres, or procurations, where the offerings of the faitliful may be put out of all danger, and be at the free and inde pendent disposal of the Sacred Congrega tion. One of these places is Sydney, which will be the centre for the whole of Australasia. The Archbishop of Sydney will transmit the contributions to the new head-quarters of the Propaganda, which it is said will be at Malta. The statistics of the Queensland sugar crop for the year ended March 31 show tliat the total area under crop is 30,508 acres; the area off which the cane has been crushed, 24,884 acres ; and the total yield, sugar 34,237 tons, and rum 144,073 gallons. A few small returns have yet to come in. The previous year's statistics showed a total yield, sugar 15,702 tons, from 16,874 acres crushed, and 32,159 under crop. The rum distilled during the past year shows a decrease of 5354 gallons as compared with the previous year. The Mackay district had the largest i total output of sugar for the past year— 1 14,240 tons from 11,295 acres crushed. The Bundaberg district shows the highest average yield of 7467tons from 4417 acres. The quantity of sugar exported from Queensland during the past season up to May 2 was 21,577 tons. On the authority of a return prepared by a Melbourne actuary for the Austra lasian- INSURANCE AND Banking RECORD, it seems that the number of depositors in Victorian savings banks was 137,093, com pared with 06,004 in New South Wales ; but the smaller number owned £2,818,435. In each colony the savings with the gene ral banks and the Government banks are shown separately, and it appears that the amounts were divided in about the same proportions as both colonies. But whilst the average per depositor was £39 5a. 2d. in the general savings banks, and £47 13s. 5d. in the Government savings banks of New South Wales, the respective figures I in Victoria were only £25 7s. 8d. and £15 9s. 4d. New Zealand had an average of £3118s. 9d. per depositor in itB general savingB banks, and £22 16s. 2d. in its Go vernment banks, there being no Govern ment institution. In Queensland, the depositors had an average of £40 19s. 9d. in the Post Office or Government banks. The figures for Tasmania were £22 16a. 3d. and £13 4s. 3d. in genortd and Go vernment banks respectively; whilst the average per depositor in the Government savings banks of Western Australia was £13 0s. lOd. Captain Lockyer, master of the steamer Adelaide, recently had his certificate sus pended for having caused a collision with the Union steamer Wairarapa. When the Adelaide next sailed Captain Lockyer went ostensibly on board as second mate, but navigated the vessel to its destination. This contempt of the decision of the Vic torian Steam Navigation Board (says the Age) caused the members considerable annoyance, and, acting upon legal adviee, they instructed Captain R. D. Espinasse, of the Mercantile Marine Association, to demand from Captain Lockyer the second mate'ecertificateupon which ho hadshipped in the Adelaide. Captain Espinasse did so, but was informed by Captain Lock as he had left it behind in Adelaide. Cap tain Lockyer was thereupon discharged by the present master of the association as second mate of the Adelaide. Gaptain ■Lockyer, determined not to be thwarted l.^his intention to navigate the Adelaide, ^nowshipped on that vessel as parser 1st the Customs Department had the Ade. ,to P^?nt the departure of the mate,.Wlth Captain Lockyer as second tlemai.M P°werlesg to prevent that gen purser,'*"11 01* hoard ostensibly as vessel. "4.m reality as captain, of the , method 01s certainly a most ingenious Board. "tying ^ Steam Navigation A shocldL, on the 6th ©^plosion occurred cutting works at the chaff street. The boft- Swan, in Skipton-. charge of Swan's ? said to have been in of age. About 11 \a boy about 14 years turned on steam, aiP* this morning he the boiler lifted, and Immediately after rible report. His staijded with a ter gauge-glass showed that ft is that the of water in the boiler whip was plenty up. For a few moments at? had fired Bion the air was filled with bthe explo &c.; A servant girl at premiitimber, Ing, named O'Neil, was found bdjoin neatli a large wooden building, wd be fallen bodily upon her. It is feariAad her spine is injured. A Mr. Evbat tailor, who was in the yard, was sta by the shell of the boiler and knoct down, receiving injury to his arm ; ai 100 yards away, Mrs. Allen, wife of cooper, was killed in her garden, Having . been struck on the bead with an exploded portion, which smashed in her skull at a blow. The wreckage immediately around the scene of the disaster is very exten sive. The Upper Brisbane correspondent of the Courier reportB that a fearful acci dent occurred in Stanley on Friday last, 2nd instant. An elderly man by the name of Reuben Dan proceeded from home to the scrub to fall trees. Not re turning at his usual hour his children , went in search of him. Imagine their horror at finding him stretched on the ground dead. A-tree had fallen on him, and with such violence that it had em bedded his body in the soil, breaking his neck and both his legs. . Death must have . been instantaneous. What adds to the sadness of- this disaster is that he leaves six children whose mother has long since died. In sentencing the man Morgan to death for the Panmure murder Mr. Justice Higinbotham held out no hope or mercy and said he fully concurred in the verdict. The prisoner before being removed said, "My life has been sworn away." The jury were two hours deliberating on the verdict. The journeymen bakers in Adelaide have struck and demanded 60 hours as a week's work aud £2 10s. as the minimum wage. In most cases the demand has been granted, and where the terms have not been allowed the men have left. Sir Julius Vogel has consented to stand for the Fast Coast electorate of New Zea land but only for a single session, as be does not intend to remain permanently in the colony. On Saturday afternoon, James Sturt, a seaman on board of the Government dredge Titan, at Port Stephens, was brought into the Newcastle Hospital suf fering from the effects of gunshot wounds accidentally inflicted by a boy on board the previous day. The wounds are not considered dangerous. The boy had no idea the gun was loaded. ; A wonderful incident in connection with a dog, which is certainly one of the ; strangest 011 record, has come to our knowledge, (says the New Zealand Times). Mr. G. Budge sent his boy to Picton to school aome weeks ago, the lad leaving behind hirn a favourite collie dog. Soon after he weut away the dog began to pine, and gave every sign of being unhappy. A few days since the boy came back from Picton on a visit to his parents, and on nearing the house whistled to give the signal of arrival to his dog. The animal at once heard him, and, bounding over the fence, greeted his master by jumping on liim and licking his hands and face, and then suddenly dropped dead, his sadden end being no doubt a case of death from joy. A case arising out of practical joking (says the Age) was heard at the Mel bourne County Court on Friday before Judge Cope, when James Smith, a paper hanger, in the employment of Messrs. Dean and Co., Flinders-street, sued David A. Lewis & clerk iu the same em ployment, for the sum of £49 damages for injuries sustained through practical jok ing. It appeared tliat early in January last the plaintiff was standing in an arch way which connected Messrs. Dean's two shops, holding a small penknife in his hand paring his nails, when defendant came along, and, treading on his toes, caused the knife to run into the plain tiffs hand, inflicting such severe injuries that lie was incapacitated from working for a period of six weeks, during which time he was attended by Dr. George Teague. For the defence it was contended that the de fendant had not acted wilfully, but the injuries were merely the result of acci dent. His Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the sum claimed. Mr. Rohu, of Messrs. Tost and Ttohu, naturalists, of William and Oxford- streets, has shown us (Echo) a curiosity in the form of two eggs joined together by a flexible tube. This Iusus naturas was con tributed by a hen the property of the firm. The hen, laid a second pair of eggs similarly joined, and then died. It seems (says the Tumut Times) that we are threatened with an epidemic of ghosts. Two Tumut residents, having occasion to be early abroad in the neigh bourliood of Capper-street oil Wednesday morning last, were horrified at beholding what appeared to be a most unearthly monster coming towards them. In the dim light the shadowy white figure seemed closely to resemble that fabulous creature, the ancient centaur; for, while four legs were distiuctly visible, the up per portion bore the shape of a female j form, and as the apparition approached, wildly waving its arms, the terrified be holden felt as if they would sink into the earth. At length the monster found its voice, which was immediately recognised as that of a familiar old white cow. The animal, it seems, in poking about had j managed to divest a clothes line of a lady's night-dress, and had accidentally run its spreading horns through the sleeves of the same. Doubtless a desire to dis- j possess itself of its uncomfortable head- : gear had occasioned the strange motions j which had so alarmed the onlookers. i The N. Z. Times relates that on April 25 the proceedings at the Supreme Court, at WeUington, were momentarily inter rupted by the shock of an earthquake, which occurred shortly before noon. The whole building shook with considerable violence, and the windows rattled loudly in their frames. Everyone in the court the ceiling wit" looked considerably less alarmed than those whose headpieces were only covered with the growth of nature. A general expression of uneasiness overspread the countenances of all, With the exception of a small colony of Chinamen who were in court as defendants in a civil action that was going on at the time. These con tinued to smile their smile, which was " childlike and bland," with perfect un concern, as if their celestial origin must necessarily shield them from any danger consequent upon terrestrial disturbance. The imperturbable serenity of his honor the Judge seemed almost to give way for a moment, while even the reporters were observed to cease writing just for a se cond. An argument arising as to the carrying of weights (says the Hay Gbazieb) Mr. Podgers bet Mr. Jolly, who won the re cent walking match at Jackson's Paddock, that he could not carry two bags of flour from Fender's shop to Haines' coach fac- ; tory without stopping, the wager being j £10 to £L Mr. Jolly carried the two j bags, weighing in all 4001b., as far as the ! middle of the Alma-street roadway, when ; they began to slip, and he fell backwards | with them. Even then this Hay Samson ] sprang up and carried one of the bags to the cab that was in waiting to bring them back to the store. About a fortnight ago (sayB the Forbes , Times), a commercial traveller lost £10' 'Out of his pocket in Forbes. There was : a £5 note and a £3, and £2 cheques on » A. J.S. Bank at Forbes. A reward of wsu& offered by the loser, but the finder trht it better to pay himself for his ana. He appropriated the £5 note to tt the two cheques, in an envelope, were pager of the bank at which they this v&le.; The excessive modesty of would piinest finder of lost property ing his na)y be his excuse for not send A Sydnta the bank manager, costs at the bnian was fined £3 and day for demar Police Court on Mon tane and assauL more than his legal The' assault wa&ia; passenger, a lady, any violence, buv accompanied with that cabmen wereJBench considered abusing their passeier too fond of not consider that tLwhen they did enough. 'id been paid Mr. Esmond Hanneli the Newcastle Herald),veyor (says in the vicinity of Tuggerah \^e&mped; about half-way between Nh'SSliato, Sydney, writes as follows and heavy rains have caused the wane late j ger&h; Lake to become quite frfijag. I fish therein a few days since madpj,,, tempt to escape into the sea, Lj-. outlet being sanded up, they coui, do so. I was the witness, with othei. a scene I scarcely know how to desert and one which I certainly shall never 1 get. I estimate, at the lowest compu tion, 200 touB weight of magnificent fish were killed by the fresh water, and in their frautic attempts to get into their salt element the force was so great that it was impossible to stand amongst them. Sea mullet by thousands, some of them fully two feet six inches in length, were to be found. One of my men attempted to carry 11 of these beauties to camp : not only did he fail to do so, but abso lutely could not lift them. It was a sad sight to witness the struggles of the poor creatures, and to see them dying in tens of thousands, without the possibility of ren dering any assistance. In addition to the sea mullet, large eels, black fish, bream, and the smaller kinds of mullet, &c.;, pe rished." 