A Tale of Olden Sydney. BT FRAXX FAIRLIE. [CONCLUDED.] ^ Him meeting me! It has come to a prêt Hie duelling -would be done with a flail o: Do not f righten your little heart with that t dear j hiB morning's better reason will o tho hot-headed one of to-night. To-m< predict you, perhaps wo will reçoive ai apology. I wish, though, Nellie, that y< my wile-my own now j it would put ar such scones reoccurring. Oh ! my darling say nothing to induce you to marry me at "My dear loro ! I would do anything world for you, but-would it be right ?" " Right 1 My darling, can you doubt right tb lore mo at all, it is surely right tc help me fight tho world." fi Say no moro now, Charlie-my Prince C I aan nervous-frightened. To-morrow, de * To-morrow then be it. Good night, ra fte ; sleep safe and dream fair. My Iori Shield you from scenes lite thia again. M. lins 1 gocfd night." The next morning early, Mr. Gold, who : gb to his farm art Parramatta, or Rosa Hill, his brother to accompany him, he thus mil friend of Mr. North's who called with a ohal To Miss Grey the day passed miserably, had a severe nervous headache, and cou Meshing. Mrs. Gold saw she was not wei saut her and the two children out for a They clambered down the hill, through the scrub, and over fences, till they came to a slab, bark-roofed farm house. It was the < {arin of an old Scottish pair named MacKi and stood back from where the fish market ii All the rest of Woolloomooloo was scrub, load warning welcome of half-a-dozen brought the mistress to the door. Her wei waa warm and hearty, and she bade them i "ben the hoose" at once. Mrs. MaoKi served the neighbouring gentry with pou eggs, «fco., and was famous too for ber ¡ / nursing qualities. She waa also consid a good judge of a beast or a l But far away and above, better than all qualities, to Mrs. Gold's children, was her sin) capabilities. It was their greatest treat, they would do anything for the bribe of goinj hear Mrs. MacKinnon sing. I think the ouch ment of her singing was forcibly heightened her mode of performance. Upon her conaenl io sing, and the song being chosen, she wc wrap her head un in her apron, and leaning elbows: on her knees, she would re3t her h upon her hands, and sing. As soon as bagan to wrap up her head the children be; to laugh, and the song went on generally throi ito twenty odd versea with a running choral smothered tittering. V They were soon seated on the cölcmial sofa t stood under the open square that did duty fo window, and Mrs. MacKinnon was apologising any chango in her appearance that they mil observe, by saving " she was just olear done uj **How, Mrs. MacKinnion-the heat?" inqui Miss Grey. " No j but the murder, Mies !" " Murder P Dear me, how horrible/' "It is horrible, Miss, if you only knew all. is old Mother Ryan, who lived- on the hill, bi the Police Magistrate's strawberry fields. Ti broke into her hut last night, after her an' Mi were a-bed, an' giving little Mary a blow on i head that stunned her, they tackled the auld bod an' after settling her, rummaged all the ph looking for that fortune & money everyone i sh« baa hid somewhere abouts. They even t* up the chimbley, and tore off the roof. Wh tittle Mary came too, she waa that cunning th she never moved till she waa sure none o' t wretches were looking at her. When she SÍ them all at a hole, one was digging ben the fib. glace, she slipped off, an' ran an reported. Po ttle girl ! She would'nt go anigh the place bac but kep' on sorearning till she got a drop o' sui mat to quieten her. Sho lookit awful! too, heard ; for I did'nt see her mysel', for sho wo covered wi' the life's blood o' poor old Moth Ryan. Well! she won't get ono to adopt h< again in a hurry. Mother Ryan took her out < her mother's arms as she waa sentenced to No fç>Uc Island. That's naught against little Mar; She is a good, bidable little girl, tho' God knov what her life will be, poor thing. I think it wou] bo a heap better for her if she'd never bin bor nohow. They sent for me to go an' lay out th corpse. Of course I went, tho' mind you, it wer straight agin my grain. I can't abear violence bot, bless you, Miss, I'd never a gone a all if I'd a know'd what I'have to do. When »ot there I found th© bit hut gone excepting th four walls, an' everything turned out, excepting tho bed where old Mother Ryan's corpse wa lying. She waa all covored wi' black, clotten blood, her white bit o' hair spreading over her fac? They had beat in the back o' her skull, an' whei wo laid her over on her back, Lord preserve UE Misa, I got such a turn ! Her eyes were wid< open, an her mouth grinning wide ; her hand wore tight clenched, an' in ono was a hand ful of a man's red whisker. I say, Miss that the murderer will be caught bj that. I never had such a work in my life, an nanny's the woful thing I've had my hand in, an »any s the sad Bights I've seen since I've come tc this laud o' bluid (that's what I call it) j hui never did I see a sight like yon. And never again will I, I hope." '/Dear me, this is terrible. The murderers may be anywhere-near us, perhaps. Maybe they arc hiding where that poor fellow who stole the flour hid last month. I am sorry now that I brought the children so far away." ° ** Wee!, you weel know, Miss, I often warned you about coming wi'out any protection, though hartily glad to see you; but me thinks ye have no fresh caußo for fright th' day. Those fellows will surely be awa' to th' mountains, or #w*r th' eeo. Anyhow, the guid man will bo home th* no«; he will be main glad ta see ye rr**}* yottr oin gate." " Aid. when they fla I tiw inur ¿«rer*, will thej hang them, Mra. MacKinnon .-" " Aye, will they, Miss, as high as Absalom ; an that maybe wi'out trial or jury if little Marj knows them. Hang th em ? ma certies ! they'll hang. An' why shouldn't they? To think that a purr auld body Liko that should be foully murdered in her bid for nothing-nothing but tho bit rooney. Every drop o' her ovdd blood that's spilled thoro is crying to God for vengeance, an' thora are men in Sydney who will not' eeo her go unavenged." '* Do you believe In ghosts, Mra. MacKinnon ?" " I dinna ken, Miss. It's not o' that young hoads like yours should fash themselves, though they do say that old Bob tho woodcutter's spirit roams over tho scono of his murder at tho North Shoro. There's Jonny Muckle's hut. Nono can ! bide in it. I daro say now, they'll bo saying the Strawberry Hills is haunted by poor old Mother Byan j but I don't know. I think tho Lord will not have her soul hanging round thay sandy hil locks. There's tho grad man corning.'' Sho went out at tho door to meat him, Mies Grey and the children following her ; it was a re liof to get into the garden, Miss Grey thought, after the tale of horror. What a beautiful day it waa ! Not a cloud or speck upon the lovely blue sky, and how calm ! Not a loaf seemed to stir. Tho birds sang or screeched, on tho immense gum trooB orerheacf ; tho magpies played and gaily chat tered, and one crow parsed slowly Overhead lazily cawing. Mrs. MacKinnon's garden waa in fuÙ bloom, and, as usual, trim and neat ; cverywhoi-e the scone spoko of nature beautiful, calm, and pure. And there waa Mr. MacKinnon coming along with his usual long strides, hie tall, (nant figure throwing ita lengthening shadow before the lowering: sun. He took off his hat to tho young Ladies, and addressing his wife, said " A black day this, guid wife." " A black day truly, Donald !" He sat down on tho wooden boaoh outside the door, and filling his pipe, bogan to smoko. One of Mr. MacKinnon's peculiarities waa that you novor wore (rare who ho waa spsaHng to ; ho never looked at the person he addressed*, but straight before him> often placing any party opposite him .in a very awkward fix, and again his voice, a very high treble, didn't seem to belong to him, but scorned to como from somewhere behind. "The young ladies want yer convoy homo, Donald; they're frightened la meet th' mur derers." "They &VQ; hung high an' dry now, Janot'j they'll murder no moro." "Hung?" "Aye ! On Gallows Hill yer can soe them flying like flags in th' air. Til' hair, auld Mother Byan held in her hand did it. Aye, 'twas the dead ris ing wi* evidence in her dead hand. They woro taken about fewer mil« t'wards Burwood, the red heeded ano was taken aforo th' bairn Mary, she kened him again, an' skeriled an' skreetched, but- 'twas the hair in the auld deed hand that passed them on ta hell. They, got a short an' speedy trial f mo Maistor, who lookit a,s blaek as thunder, an' they soon sot out for their last rido. Five in all, yane o' them kop crying and calling out that he waa innocent, an' had nevor left his employ from whore tho police found him-nor seen tho fowor men afore till they came up ta his hut and askit for food; he was crying. Out for time, half-an-hour, to bring in his nia-ster an' fol low workers, ta tell the truth for him ; all along the road ho kop' up his cry for mercy. Now it was for God's sake, then for his puir auld mithor'B, thou for justice's, or his sell's, or for tho soho o' mercy. .He' cried sa loudly an' constantly that the red heeded íoñovr, wha seemed not tao caro a bawbee, askit thom toe hang him.out o' the road first, as ho disturbed tho folk ! Wool, they did, all tho time the young follow screaming out his inno cence, and for his mither. He waa no sooner swinging in the air than tho rod-heeded dovel turned to the officers in chargo, an' caud them 'Murders' and ' Hell-fire dogs.' Ho said the young man had told the truth ; they had never seen him till they called at his hut for food, an' were there owortaken by tho police. He cursed the soil under him, an' those over kim. He sod the hands o' the sojerB in Australy wore redder nor their coats wi' the innocent blood o' their fellow creatures. Ho said, * Yo've taken one innocent life. Now string up us fower-live young, strong lives for one auld done-up Jane ! That's Justice/ But the rope soon stoppod his talk, an' thore thoy hang now, a warum' lae ithers ; tho' I'm sorry, mind yo, for the puir boy. Ho, looked Bomothin' like 'oor Archie, Janot, afore ho'd gaed awn' ta the sea that nover gave him back, puir laddie. Aweel, aweel, my bonnie boy," and poor old Mrs. MacKinnon wiped her eyes as her thoughts went back to her bright-haired, loving, jolly sailor son, who left tho Clyde one Bunny fair spring morning and tho fairest tide or wind never brought him back again. " Aro they really all dead ?" " As sauted horrin's, Miss !" " That's dreadf ul." "Weel! It's no as bad to my mind as the time ten were strung up for stealing food, nor when-" " Don't Btorc at me, you rudo thing ! Don't you know you shoiddn't stare ? I don't 001*6, Miss Grey ; I won't have him staring at me. He's stared at me all the time, and I won't havo it> so there !" said Miss Minnie. " Nor when they murdered puir Bob Burn over the North Shore there, in his quiet bit nook, an' drove his bonnie lad daft wi' terror. He's an edeot now, an' will always be." " He's at it again. I toll you I won't have you staring at me, Mr. MacKinnon, with your horrible stories ; you're ugly enough without." Miss Minnie began to open her eyes and stare back, so Miss Grey gathered her little charges together, and departed under the escort of Mr. MacKinnon, who walked in front, and thus could give no offence to Miss Minnie, whose general sweet temper wno soured ; for she mut tered that she know ho was staring at something, and he'd bettor not tum round and stare at her. When they roached tho outer gate and dis missed their escort, it was just sundown, and they had barely time to be ready for their tea. When Misa Grey liad seen to- the cibiklrcn i descended to the drawing-room, and there foi the gentlemen had returned, and that a viai was present. Hor sensational nows proved m welcome (how thankfully wo greet any stirri news when tied, as it were, to a limited area, although that news means death to mir felic creatures), and albeit Mrs. Gold assumed 1 horrified or chocked pose, it waa Mr Gold v¡ made moro minute inquiries. Charles Gold and Miss Grey had a long cm talk that night, as they sat out on the hi j balcony, and while looking forth atine beaut I sparkling waters, planned their future lot-, M Grey was saddened by tho day's events, the g< sip of which kept tho three oldors busy in t I drawing-room discussing its shades and be* iags, and thinking of the uncertainty of lifo at ! times ; and tho moro terrible uncertainty of there, tao more readily agreed to tho proposal her lover to go out quietly upon tho morrow, a: get married as he asked. He argued " that won at once stop any ro-oceurence of the scene of t night before, or any idea of bloodshed-if s conic! privately show hor marriage certificate." < it was agreed," to-morrow it would settle all-t morrow that had " never yöb, on any hum¡ being, rose or set." Well, to-morrow came, and the pale, soft si flushed up before the coming of tho sun, brightly, freshly, and clear ¡is over a momii looked. " A happy omen," as Charles Gold whi pared at the breakfast table to Miss Gra j " Happy is the bride tho sun shines on.rt ^ H smiled book, though the words seemed to strike ©old chill through her heart. She asked leave forego th« morning's lesson«, as she bud bu sine in Sydney. It was (fronted* and about hal past Ó that fair summer morning Miss Grey dw wp the widk in the dog-cart with Mr. Gold, M Charles, and the groom sitting behind, and le her earth's work down never again to tako it u When they got to St. Mary's elie got down, M Charlea saying he would accompany her, and tl pair entered Hyde Park, what was then called tl Jiiiceeoureo, and which waa a driod-np, brownisl green field, with a few ungraceful-, greyish gu trees, fenced off from the road with a two- railc wooden fence. They wore going to walk across te whore S James's pastor lived-a kindly, good old mau and thorn get married. They bad scarcely roache the middle, and were just passing the jadgin stand, a shaky, miserable affair, when they mt good old father Velvet. Ever a warm, men friend, they saluted him kindly, and he stoppet and, still holding the. little hand of Miss Grey i his old, thin one, waa just saying how like th morning her sweet young face was, when, a shader foll across their .path, in the shape'ef Mr. Norri black and angry-looking, with a sear across hi nose and a,cut eye, and a Mr. Williams, his at-aJJ times and for-everything friend and companion a man somewhat a^dtrplicato of himself, only trifle better. Mr. Wilhams stepped forward, and while Mr. North scowled darkly behind, bowing presented a uote on the end of his waîking-stic, to Mr. Gold, saying, " Receive from me a challenge from my friend G. North, Esquire, Justice of the Peace. I awai your reply and reference." " Stay !" cried Father Velvet, also stappinj forward, and, still- holding Misa Grey's han* (indeed, now she clung to hie with both of hers) he laid tho other soothingly and re^raiuingl; upon tho hand Mr. diaries Gold had stretchei Out to receive tho ohalleuge. " Stay, my doa young friend. Permit an old man-old enougl maybe to be your grandfather, to learn first-th* reason of this challenge." " The reason, good rather, you see in my face,' replied Mr. North. "The reason ia insultex honor-the result, gentlemanly satisfaction." " Then," said Father Velvet, " I am Mr. Charlei Gold's friend. I take the challenge" (and he tool it from the point of the stick, whero it still was) ** and with God's help I will satisfy your honour.' " Ha ! ha ! ha ! 'Pon my soul, Williams, it's ai I said-bo's too cowardly to meet a gentleman I'd wager a cool thousand now that he came oui this morning purposely guarded by tlua young lady of his and tho Popish father." " You lio, sir," cried Miss Grey, as she loosed her hands from the hand of Father Velvet, and drawing off her glove-such was the fashion ol that time-she stopped forward and flung it inte Mr. North's face ; then, tmiung to her lover she said, "Charlie, my Prince Charlie, I loo« you from your promise. Your honour ia dearei to me than life ! j "When, Mr. Williams, ean you arrange a meeting ?" said Mr. Charles Gold. " Say in a couple of days." " No, we say about an hour before the next sunrise-the place, behind the site of the Bar racks." " Too soon, and too dark an hour," iwlied Mr. North. " I speak to yoxu- second, coward ! Not too soon for 'insulted honour,' nor too dark for the work." " Well ! Agreed !" cried Mr. North. " Williame arrange." "Call at Potts' Pointa at 1 o'clock, but spare this lady now," said Father Velvet. They bowed and walked off, Mr. North sneering at the group as he left. They sat down on the floor of the judging stand, and soon told Father Velvet all. Mr. Charles Gold wanted him to marry them there, on the spot, but Miss Grey, upon whose cheeks there burned a scarlet spot, ref used, saying--' "First clear yoiu* honour, Charlie. I have brought you this trial ; it is for me to see you emt of it." ? "As you will, dear/' replied he, " then to-mor row (again the ' to-niorrow') be it." Upon arrival home, Miss Grey went at once to her room, and pleading illness (which indeed any one could seo), she kept her room. About 12 o'clock she arose from the chair abe had been Bitting in by the open window, and bo gan to undress, but not for rest. She drew out a full suit of Mr. CharleB Gold'a clothes from under her sofa, and began to don them. When she had finished she threw wer all tho leng, loose, black elotli cavalry cloak thea worn, and creeping dow» ! stairs, opened tho back door, and niado her way to tho stables. About 3 o'clock, the back door again orened, and thia tiruo Mr. Charles came out, and made his way to thc stables. He started when ho saw tho j figure. " My dear love ! you startled mo. I thought it voiy hard for you to let mo go without ono last word." "I would not, Charlie." Sho took off his large, black, drooping folt hat, and kissed his forehead. " Havo you tho key of the stable ?" "Yes'." "Give it me, dear. Where aro you to nieet yo:\r second, and who is be ?" " Will. Goneworth, dear ; and at Hill's just up the road." "Pistols?" " Pistols, my darling." " Bring out your horse, my brave knight j and let me, like the ladies of long ago, look to his aecoufreinentö." Charles entered, and soon brought forth his j own favourite steed. Miss Grey took his bridle; j and bidding Charlie open up the heavy wooden ¡jato, she took the horeo over towards it 5 then looking at the saddle* she ôried : "You careless follow, you barb only One girth. I demand two," and she looked up at him with a smile. He rook the fair young facie between bis handa> kissed it, ; and wont into the stablo for the ether girth; He HO sooner entered, than Miss Grey, rushing I over, shut the door, ead dapping over it th» I hoary iron bar. looked it quickly, and putting the ! key in her pocket she nut on Mr Charles's hat* which ehe still held, and hurriedly springing int» ike saddle galloped off. She met the second at the appointed spot, and shaking hands, ah» pointed to her mouth and moved on. Will. Gone worth, altho' he could not soe in the groy night and under the shadow of the drooping hat, bl* friend's face, yet felt tho motion to mean sDeaee, and this being his first appearance in the chara/* tor of second at a duel, ne felt a certain degree of nervousness that also suggested silence. Tho ride waa made quickly and quietly, and when the. ground was reached they found the other party already theTO. ProliminarieB were quickly av. ranged, and the principles placed. Will. Gone I worth, receiving the cloak of his friend, placed tho pistol in his hand, and made a motion for toe ; hat, but his friend shook his head, fond ldrefcr back. . . The word was given. ' *' " One, two, threo-Fire." Mr North's pistol alone went off, and his opponont fell. They ran over te lift hin rip, and in. so doing the hat foll off, The full moon, breaking for the moment from . behind the thick, dark clouds that had .before hid her from the foul deed, shone calmly and clearly down full on the spot, and showed te th» alarmed supporters the beautiful face and bright curly hair of Miss Groy. " Merciful God 1 North, you've shot Misa Groy !" cried Williams. i " Miss Groy ! No ! Yes ! Is she dead ?" he asked» in an awed whisper, drawing near, ajid looking; into the face be loved so well that was now )yin|! . peacefully on the arm of Will. Goneworth. . , " Dead !" was the reply. , "My God!" Some of the soldiers from the barracks, drawn to the spot by the noise, now appeared. They wrapped tho fair young form in tho long black cloak, and, lying upon a stretcher, she wa« carried by four or tho red-coats, and followed by the throe mourners, back to the house of the Golds at Potts' Point. The procession readied there just os the day dawned-no fair, oloudloa» doy, but a groy, dark dawn, damp, cold. She wa« buried that afternoon, and the two principal mourners wero Mr. Charles Gold and Mr. North* They walked aide by side, and over the grave Mi', North caught Mr. Charles's hand, and, wiinging; it warmly, burst- into bitter tears, and turning : left tho spot, with the marks still upon his face, but his honour fully satisfied with the deeper scar upon his heart. Two days after the body of Mr. Charles waa found in the bathhouse at th© foot of the garden, floating on the top of thc water 5 they gave out he was bathing, caught a cramp, and so wat. drowned. Some said-- 5 but no matter, he wai certainly dead. Among his papers was found a request to bury him by the side of Miss Grey» This was done, and so-exit two fair young live« that might have, but for the revenge, gladdened the earth by a long stay. From that time a», horse could be kept in that stable at night. Many a valuable animal have broken their legs or nook in frantic plunging and tossing, till at last it wa» used as a carnage house only. Whispers get abroad of sights seen, ghosts and noises hoard re wards day dawn, and even so lato as 1880; a coach man (a new arrival, who knew nothing), repeated the Bcene he saw, oven as I have done here, from\ the time the first dork figure crept near, till it' locked the second one in the stables and: galloped * off. ' Thoy say the place is haunted. Be that as it may. My young readers who fanoy old Sydney saw no romantic scenes will learn, from me that "old times" and tragic events walked-hand i» hand, and every foot of ground in " Bunny New South Wales" contains a blot or shadow ofspasfc human sivfforing. An English paper says that some consttion haWas been oreated in ecclesiastical circles by the faot that the new Bishop of Eipon discards tho gaiters and apron of episcopacy. His conduct is in marked,, contrast with that of tho colonial bishops, who haste» to clothe themselves after tho strictest episcopal, mode. ... In the Rollox-streot Police Court, Glasgow, tha other day, the Rev. Patrick Phelan was convicted of having assaulted a young woman namod Mary Moor», by having kiokod her, in St. James's Scottish Epii» «palian Church, Glasgow. Mr. Phelan stoppod th» forenoon aormon consequent upon a noise in tho ohoir, and in tho overling trioa to prevent tho complainant from forcing her way into tho choir, n/nd he gavo hw the kick complained ef. The stipendiary fined hin £i ls. 