fI€TI#«. Dorothy Forster.* Bt Waiter Besant. Chapter I.-THE EVE OF ST. JOHN. Those who are bo happy as to be born and to live out their appointed time in the North Country are removed from the luxuries, the vices, and the idle talk of London, and especially from that wicked and impious modern fashion of scoffing at things which lie beyond man's comprehension, and should therefore be accounted sacred. We of Northum berland do not pretend disbelief in what is sufficiently proved but cannot be understood. Almost everybody (indeed all the women without exception) has seen, some lime or other, strange and wonderful things which «annofc be explained. Some, it is true, endeavour to reason then away by pretending the insensible and brute aotion o£ chance (&mong; diem, Mr. Hilyard tells me, the Latin poet Lucretius), which is incre&ible; unless we allow the round world and all fhat is therein to W itself constructs! and ' set agoing by accident. Others attribute the stories j which abound. arhongTisto foolish credulity and ignorant j superstition; to euch persons there is no answer but the j evidence of things related and testified; others again (their ?opinion is to be received with respect) think they, perceive ia them the workings pf man's jChief Enemy. Let me, however,, j for ay own part,: following the; expressed opinion of Mr» I Hilyard and what I believe to have been that of my Lord , j the late Bishop, continue to think that what is permitted,. I though it be not unaeWtood, must be received with rever- I ence and without 'too '.close scrutiny, as doubtless intended jj fpr no other purpose than a merciful one, videlicet the ad- I monition of th& guilty and the encouragement of tbe 1 virtuous. ' . . '. . 1 ; To those who ask (seeking to throw discredit upon (hew I beliefs by aneanaol an idle laugh) why the ;things of whictt I I speak are more common in the ^North than in the South of 1 England ; that is to jay, why ghosts, spectres, witobefc 1 warlocks, elves, demons, fairies or. fawn, waufo, warnings I and other Bttsnge. manifestations an4 :iny8teriou8 poffera tj continue in the North Country, yet are rarely reported mm fj the Home counties .or south, of Tyne, I would *«ntn*?™ I reply that (believipg the fact to be so) I know indeed of no | other reason for. the undoubted favour shown to us in tnis i respect thanrfh* great superiority of NorthqmrjriansflWJ1 «i .1 other Englishmen io the matter of valour, strength, loyaUT, I and learning— t main, of course,'. when they apply tnem- i selves to study, for, as everybody knows, the gentlemen or t the North are fonder bf sportthan of books. As forttfl 4; piety of my people, muoh might be said and mnchionteMw : ? The right ot publication in Australia feu been purcbM^ bI ? j the proprietors eJ the Sydney Mail, j . «r.,allMy«L' -We have, doubtless, lh& reputation x-i being. hwdidrankcrB and ready strikers ; and we ate also accused, of amnggling'aiid cattle-lifting. . J ! _.. These chargeaare doubtlese true, and cannot be denied, though of late years there has been amendment, and one ehould. remember that there has never been a time until the present when a Northumberland man oould look for con tinned peace or respite from fighting ; nor could a rich man lie down at night with any certainty that he might hot awake in the morning to find himBelf a poor man, his cattle lifted and his barns fired ; ' nor could he fall asleep with an assurance that he would not be roused at night by the Blaz ing Turf, and have to hoot and saddle and ride after ma : rauder8tjpietol in holster, sword by eide, and firelock on shoulder. This has made a race of men quick to fight and careless of life, since, willy nilly,- they go daily in peril, and many families there are whose men, until, a hundred years ago, never knew what it was to die in theirbeds. So much post Wallowed my countrymen as an excuse for their readiness1 to strike. As to th'elf drinking, true it is that the gentry drink much port, brandy, and mountain, with usquebaugh', bollande, strong: £16, cider, punch, mum, cordials, and strong waters of eyery^kind, while the common Sort!f611pw the example of thUr betters as 'far as theycan affoiil (in which I blame them'' not):' but still our rough country fellows are not, bo far as I know, so drunken as the rabble . of London. .???-, - .?' ' . ? ' . ' ?.'_?' ' ;. And as for religion, I dare maintain that.no gentlemen ia , England go to church with greater 'regularity than those of Northumberland, or more dutifully repeat, the responses, while the country people, though there are many parts, where there is no church at till for them, do still keep up with zeal the observance, with all customary marks of respect, of the great days of the Church ; that is to say, feasting on New Year's Day and Candlemas, fighting their cocks on Shrove Tuesday, eating parched peas on Carling Sunday, carrying round the plough at Christmas, getting up to eee the sun dance at Easter Day, on May Day beating the beunds— according to ancient custom of* the Church; and all with the drinking of ale continually, both small ale and October, according to their means, ana plenty of honest qoarteretaff, bull and Sadger baiting, wrestling and boxing, to keep up the spirits of the people. Moreover, there are among us, though manj stanch Catholics, few, indeed, of the vermin who, under the name of Independents, Noncon formists, Whigs, and what not, have within the last 80 yeare murdered one king, driven another from his throne, and do still keep a third from the noble inheritance and earthly ciown which are his by Divine Bight. These reasons seem to me quite sufficient, without further inquiry, to account for the great blessings which we of the North Country enjoy in die shape of visits end messages from the dead, supernatural warnings, with omens, prognostications, and the spirit of prophecy. As regards fairies and certain strange siectres whioh are re ported to linger among our old ruins, I say nothing ; first, because I cannot understand the purpose served in the Great Universal Scheme by the race of fairies, and next, because, as regards the spectres, it ia a thing incomprehensible to me why the ghosts of mere obscure' and lowly born persons, ouch as Cuddy the Reaper or Nelly the Knocker, should be allowed so great a distinction as to continue among us, al though it is eeemly and becoming that the souls of great persons, such as that of the newly deceased Countess of Cerwentwater (whioh I hear is reported to have been seen by many at DQston), should be allowed to remain' on earth as long as they please, either tor the sake of weeping over the past, or of lingering in spots formerly loved, until they can take their place in heaven. On the eve of St. John, in the year 1703, when T homas Forster, Esq., of Ethereton, the elder, Was Sheriff for Nor thumberland, I, Dorothy, his daughter, was at the Manor Bouse. Bamborough, where I was staying under charge of my old nurse Judith, in order to see the Midsummer Fire. 'Xwas the same year in which my elder brother Thomas, coming of age, entered into possession of that noble inherit ance of the Bamborongh estates, to which he was heir in coparceney with his aunt- Dorothy, Lady Crewe. The estates included the village and Manor House, with the Castle by the sea, and a great many other lands, manors, farms, and houses, of which an account-shall perhaps pre sently be given. The house on this evening was filled with his companions, come to see the famous Midnight Fire, and after the manner of young gentlemen they were killing the time between Bupper and 12 of the clock with drinking and singing. The Fire was built every year upon the seashore north of the castle, where a broad space of level sand lies between the links and the water, uncovered even at high tide. The custom of the St. John Baptist's Fire goeth back beyond the memory of man ; it is so ancient that its origin is lost ; it is so much esteemed that the folk would no more think of lttting it be forgotten or neglected than the girls would forget to dream of husbands on St. Agnes' Eve, or to hide the men's shoes on Easter morning. Mr. Hilyard, win hath always something to Bay concerning the ancient world, will have it that the Midsummer Fire is nothing in the world but a pagan rite, videlicet a fire built and lit in honour of the God Baal, and of Phoenician origin; that is to cay, it came from Tyre, of which city Hiram once jwas ' king, whose sailors navigated the world in the service of Solomon, as is very well known, bringing to the harbours of the Holy Land gold from India and tin from Britain. For which reason, he faith, and in lasting remembrance of that wise Prince, the Church hath done well to continue the practice, and to place under the protection of St. John Baptist that rite which formerly was part of the worship of a false God, and, therefore, without such protection, laying open those who practise it to the wiles and temptations of the Enemy. ? . . ; From all quarters the people come a holiday-making, and to see the Bamborough Fire. They came from Lucker and from Spindleston, from the Sea Houses of North Sunder land,! 'om Belford, which is six miles away, and from Elhngham, which is 10. It is the chief annual festival at Bamborongh, even greater than the carrying of the plough at Ragameny; the gipsies come and set up tents upon the sands ; f here is always a travelling show or two, with men who co wonderful things, and booths where gingerbread is cold, and there is all day «ockfighting, with cudgellingjand wrestling. The rustics tramp round, the farmers tide into the place early in the day, and there ib a great deal of drinking, eating, and singing leng before the time comes for firing the pile. The younger men build up the pile with wood, artf ullyiayiag dry branches and twigs over and among the big logs; so as to raise inradden and lofty flame; the boys look on andtrun about and tease and fight each other ; the girls are making wraths and garlands with Midsummer rush, vervain.land Sfc John's wort; the older women and matrons stand together end talk. It is a subject for gratitude to think how simple are the pleasures of women, since a kmg telkis, to most, 4heir chief relaxation and delight ; the men, boor souls, must still bedrinking or BmoKng tobacco or looking on atfighte or banging each other with quarter-staves. ! As for^he older men, if they are of the better sort, they sit together 4n the linn, with pipes, and if Hup an of! the lower kind, they commonly leaa against door- posts, «aeh with a pannikin in his hand, and :slo wly drink and slowly speak (because a rustic's words are few, thonghhfe wisdom-js - great) in the soft and gentle Northumbrian burrj whioh °I, forone, have ever loved bo much, and cannot if I- would lay aside. The ingenious Mr. De Foe hath lately called it a 'hollow jawingin the throat/' which is, by Jus leave, a mae and ignorant way of .describing it, - and more fitly, applied to the rough talk of the Border Scotch. It is a way °J *Fft»'-g which cannot be set down on paper, therefore, all that follows is written -as if it had been spoken in the ttindng, ?ffected way of St. James's Street, or the rough tongne«f lheLondocjnobi ... *:0h,nniwP- I criedj ??'when wffl it be midnights1' ?*P*tfen-se, labs;* -replied the old woman. v.Time is a uuftgard for the young, bat for the old-he gallops;' . Tne-enild eat in the parlour with net old nurse Judith waiting impatiently for thetfme ; jthe loud talk of the gen tlemen was heard from the dining-room.' f Presently her. eyehda tegan t»drop, end AeroeHfess flngen became etilL Then herhead fell upon the tall back of the ehair, and she ' was taleep. Her nur^.Jet har, Meeptffl the dock struck ' Jw-^narters«fter eleven, \ whence. awoke the child, and bade Her put en her hat and tie a handkerchief «bout her neck, and bo took her forth. As we left the house, the cold air and the shouts of the people outride, and the ringing of the gentlemen wfthm-^ -;~^P 'When .oanijlesticicfi they serve for bells: And frying-pans they nan for ladlee : And in the sea Jpey dig for wella, : Ano. porridge pots they me lor cradles— completely awakened me, tni 1 shivered, threw up my '' ? ? . ?? ? . ? -?-??:-. - i head, and felt no more sleep ness, and ran, 'laughing anfll crying, to the sandhills, from .which I was to eee the ; show.'/ .' .' ' '.'.','' ? . ' The night was clear, with never a cloud, and a bright, . full moon riding in' the sky— yet in this season, even at midnight, it is so light that there needs no moon. The wind had dropped, ana the waves, which sometimes break so high and terrible on this coast, were now little ripples which rolled along the.eand in a whisper. Above the sands \- the great Castle stood, a grand sight to behold, its rugged walls white in the moon or black in deep shadows and gloomy, until the red, blaze in the sky lit them up and make them yet more awful. The sands were crowded with the noisy people. In the midst stood the great pile waiting for the torch. Every body was talking, lanughing, shouting, and singing. Upon the sea there lay a broad belt of white moonlight very pretty to look upon. .Little Dorothy thought that perhaps when King Solomon's sailors came they may have built their idolatrous fire on the eame place, and by the light of theBame moon. But perhaps there were then as yet no Forsters'in^Northumberland. They are, it may be admitted of later ,d&te; than the age of Solomon and King Hiram.' Perhaps; too, there wbb no Castle. .. It seemed to her a great pity that Solomon's sailors should come so far and not Be able to eee the Castle after alL Yet they had the glories of the Temple shotdd ' they get iibme in sufety to the ports of Joppa, Sidon, and .Tyre. Then the clock struck 12, and suddenly the fire blazed up, and in a moment seized on the whole of the pile, and rolled upward in vast great tongues of flame with a cracking and roaring very frightful to behold and hear. ' Thus,' said Mr. Hilyard '? once, ' thus the false prophet) on Camel danced and shouted around their altars ; through such a fire the children were passed.' Indeed, when one remembers the wild faces of the men and women who leaped about that fire there re mains no doubt that in the madness caused by the blaze and roar of the flames, and the drink they had taken, and the shouts and dancing, it needed little to make our own people toss their little ones .through the flames, as it is said, but I know not with what truth, is done to this day by the wild kernes of Ireland. In half-an-hour the first fury of the flames was spent, the Bmall branches being all burnt, and there remained only the steady burning of the big logs. And then the young men began to leap with shouts across the fire, and the girls threw their wreaths upon it and Bang again, and again danced round and round the pile, 'Let us go, Judith,' said the child, growing tired, and being frightened by all this shouting. 'Wait, child,' the eld woman replied. 'Wait, my dearie; they are going to bring out the Midsummer Witch. We will go 4pwb !&& Iwrs thy fortune,' ' At this point, indeed, there was a rash of the boys, always the most zealous in every ceremony or public entertainment, across the sands, over which was now seen approaching a procession of half-a-dozen girls, walking slowly, and sing ing a kind of hymn. In their midst, at) one could presently discern, there walked a girl dressed all in white, and veiled from head to foot. Her companions carried, according to custom, wreaths of vervain, midsummer rush, St. John's wort, and mother-wort, though these we could not see. ' 'Tie Jenny Lee,' said Nurse Judith. ' They told me she was to be the St. John's Eve witch. A proper witch, I warrant. As for her father, sure he gave a love drink to her mother, else how should an honest farmer's wench go follow a gipsy tramp, even though he wedded her in church and called himself the King of his thievish people, and was, as a body might say. as well set up a man with as fine a leg as a woman can desire, and as proud as Lucifer — Lord forgive usi And on Midsummer Eve !' She looked round as if she expected something fearful with claws and fiery eyes, and crossed herself— a Papistical custom, hut common in Northumberland. .'' If you want a witch, you needn't go farther than his daughter. They say she can do things already for which in the old times a poor old woman would be burned — my own grandmother for one, as I've heard tell. But that's a hundred years ago, and the world is changed. Witches can come and go without let or hindrance, let it is a blessed thing to live in times when there is no fear of being burned for a witch when you are only old and toothless. Did I tell you, my dearie, how I once saw a witch fly across the moon, broomstick and all ?' She had often told me that etory, but even at that tender age I could not believe how a cloud, as it seemed to every body else, ehould be to her a witch astride ot a broomstick. ' To tell fortunes,' Judith went on, ' one must either be a witch or a gipsy. Jenny is both^dpsy and witch, they say. Look ! Here'comes his Honor.' As the procession came acrosss the sands, the white-veiled figure looking strange and ghastly in the moonlight, the gentlemen came out ot the house and slowly walked down the street towards the shore. Mr. Forster, it may be supposed, had taken a glass more than the strength of his head allowed, for he staggered a little as he went. With him were two or three of his friends— Ned Swinburne and Jack Swinburne, brothers of Sir William, of Capheaton, mad Jack Hall, of Otterbourn, whwe presence always foreboded misfortune to the Forsters, young Mr. ^Peregrine Widdrington, brother to my Lord, and Mr. Antony Hilyard, my brother's former tutor. They all trooped along to gether, noisily laughing. By this time they had placed the Midsummer Witch -on a sort of throne or stool of state covered with red cloth and flowers. 'The Midsummer Witch must be a maid,' said Judith, ' and a firstbern child, else the spell won't work.' They placed in her hand, a vessel of some kind with a long and narrow neck. ' It is filled with water,' said Judith, 11 drawn by herself from the sea on this very evening. Now, child, -double thumb and come along.' 1 Everybody knows, that, to double your thumb in your right hand averts danger. I complied, and thus secured' ran down the hillock, and joined the group. The villagers were standing round their newly made witch in a respectful ring, the middle of which was occu pied by young Mr. Forster and his friends. ' Now, fair witch and pretty sorceress,' said he, pretend ing not to know the veiled girl, ' tell us our fortunes, and we will reward thee with a kiss, if your ghostship allows us to see your face.' ': But evervbody knew very well who was the witch; 'Tour Honor must put something of your own in the jar,' said Judith. Meantime, the veiled girl sat as if she heard nothing; in her lap the jar, and her hands folded ronndit. ?'?.., ? 'Drop your ring in it,' said Judith. ' No need to tell her your name or the name of any gentleman. She is veiled, and cannot see,' . r- -'?'?- Mr. Forster drew a signet ring, engraved with his arms, from his finger, and placed it on the .narrow-necked jar. 'Now,' he said, laughing, ' tell me the fortune of the ring and its owner.' ' ' ' - , . t She put her hand into the vessel,, and took out the ring. Then she replied slowly, as if she were looking ior' words fitfog the fortune she was to tell : ]' : ';. ; ' . .. Great place, great chase; near the my e, yet one to save. ' Great name, great blame ; far off to die, at home to lie. . , . ; That was.a strange fortune : what could it mean? r ? : ♦?I said she was a witch,' murmured Judith. 'Take back your ring, sir.' . .'.' . : 1 The girl held out her open hand. Strange ! The stone, had fallen from the ring, and lay upon her palm. - . ' Lucky,!' said my brother, ' that it did not fall in the sand. The sea water loosened it.' V ??'??«' 'Great name* what is it P * Great blame, or great iame^'fa'roff to die'— well, what man can die more than . .once P . '.At home to lie,'— one wpuld wish to lie with one's ownpeopie. 'Great Wamel' -Who cares forTjlame? A ; goodfortuhe Ibis;- Now, Ned; 'try your luck.'* ,' ' ;, Mr. Edwaid Swinburne, -a yoong man of my brother* : age ot thereabouts, stepped' forward and placed a piece of money in the jar. ' '-.. ??? '- 'j ..'? (Said the.girii taking out the money i, '??'-'??-'?? , ''?? Prison walls ana priBoii bed ; ..;:: ._? 'Who lieethere is stark and deaa.-!' .: . . ' I wish to Heaven, Tom,'--Baid the young man angrily, ' that we had stayed at homir; andiat out ttother bottle:'! Then Mr. Peregrine Widdn'ngton^teok his$Iace. *. The oracle was more pleasant to hear. The voice of the 'girl was low, and she never moVed the whole rime: --'? '?'??. G i:' iianger bylanaand^dttnirdrjrfsea: ?''?-??-?'- .?-??.: ~ f Yet youtaeath at last In your bed shall be. *' , '-'Thans; yon for-nothingiwiichi'' said Peregrin^ step pfng%ack. ?' ';???''.' '?? . ??' - ? « ?? ?' '? .? ? I i r '? 'u A¥1m jne,* said mad 7ack Hill, whom nipne of the Foreters except Tom loved.'becauselnB presence 'seemed to boajB misfortune (aflian of forty, Boro&y; thought, had no huHtecs; drinking and carousing with theae young men)— ? 'There's' plefcty*good and^lisnty badin thelockeri Good or bad, what matters' so there's beef on board and drink In can ?»»'?? t: ?'? ?'?'?' His rosy face looked as if he had already taken as much drink out -of the can as he icould well hold. « Come, trave .topeiv-come^ mv luBfy Toriy.' cried the lad Peregrine, clapping Mr.; Hilyard on the' shoulder; 'try thy fortune, man.' The young man' ought to have shown more reverence to ;the scholar, but learning and Perry Widdrington,did not indeed regard each other with retract. . Besides, the truth is that Mr. Hilyard was him self somewhat inclined to stagger as he went. Mr. Hilyard was a young man then, although so learned. Perhaps he was about five or-six and twenty. He wore no hat, his wig was awry and out of. curl ; his cheeks were red, his neckcloth was disordered ; he stood behind the others, as if he did not fay right of birth (which was the case) belong to them. His merry twinkling face, when the fire - lit it up, seemed filled with,theioy of wine and song ; the poet Anacreon (whose verses he afterwards translated) could not have' been more, Jovial, to look upon. His nose was broad, his lips ful^ his eyes were large,, his figure was short and, squab, ? ? ' 'My fortune?' 'ho asked wtth a langh— thbugh why should he laugh over so grave a matter as his own fate? 'My fortune? What better fortune than to drink and royeter among the gentlemen of Northumberland ?' However, he placed a coin in the girl's jar, and waited as if he was ready for anything besides that fortune might have for him. . . ? .? i ?? .-..-. ' Fortune has no more to give me,' Mr. Hilyard said, presently. 'Or if anything she keeps it in a basket, like the Egyptian his secret, who, to one asking, replied, ' Since thou seest it covered what impudence is this, to inquire into' a hidden thing ?' Keep Bilence, priestess.' But the girl gave his fortune : Love a fair girl all your life, Tet Eh all never have a Tvife; ? ? Thou shalt rise and she shall fall. Tear not— thou wilt top them all. 'Why,' cried Mr. Hilyard, 'here is an excellent fortune, indeed. Good Sybil, I thank thee. Yet Hainan rose and topped them all. So did Stylites, and so doth Steeple Jack. Nevertheless, I thank thee. Delphic .oracles are ever obscure. And there are many ways of rising— did one only know them.' ' Enough fooling,' said my brother. 'Judith, give the girl a shilling for her trouble.' He tossed her the coin. 'Come, Ned— come, Peregrine— come, Jack. Let us go back and crack t'other bottle.' , They went back as they had come, arm-in-arm, and tramping noisily, and the scholar began to sing as they went. He had a clear, sweet voice— . He drank till night and he drank till noon, The thirst in bis gullet was such; He nevei could drink a drop too soon— too Boon : And never, never, nev«.r— no— never — Never a drop too much. I whispered, ' Judith,'' when they were quite gone, ' let me now try my fortune, too. . Is it net my turn now P' But. Judith was ehaking her head, i ,. - ' That shall you not,' she said angrily. ' Here is.a fine Midsummer Witch for you, frith her bad luck tor every body ! Heard one ever the like? I would-duck her in the Bea for two straws. And for all these gallant gentlemen, too!' ' Oh, nurse.' But the oracle sat as if she heard not. ' Nurse, I must have my fortune told— I must, indeed.' '* Yes— yep,' cried the women of the village, pressing round. 'Mies Dorothy's fortune! Let us have Miss , Dorothy's fortune, too;' ; : Judith gave way. ,She was as curious as the rest to know - what this wonderful Midsummer Witch would Bay. Yet she was afraid. , , ' ??-. ',Hast ever a crooked pin about thee, child?' she asked. ' So— this will do. Drop it in the jar. Now— double thumb jagain, child.' . The girl once more put her hand into the jar and brought out the pin, Dorothy waited in a strange expectancy. Oh, what would she give her P For a moment she felt as if this farmer's wench, whose father was but a common gipsy{ actually knew the will of Heaven and could control the future. Impious thought ! And yet— it is truly wonderful —one knows not how — one cannot say why— the predictions of humble women are so often fulfilled. Nurse Judith's grandmother— the one who was burned for a witch— pre- dicted the tempest which; blew down ' the roof of Belford Church, and on her way to the stake foretold the sudden and violent death for him who bore witness against her. Won derful to relate, the man was done to death in a fray with the Bedesdale men. Yet that little Jenny Lee, a milkmaid, a dairymaid, who dropped me a curtsey when she passed ma; that she ehould— it is impossible. What she said, however, was ambiguous enough for any fortune. Lovers one and two and three, Lovers or high and of low degree. . None ol them oil stall her husband be. ? If none:6f mylovers was to become my husband, thought the girl, whom^nonldlJiave to marry? , 'Poor lass ! ' the women mummed. *k 'Tis a strange unlucky night for the Quality.' It is a foolish thing that one ehould remember such a childish play, but Dorothy never forgot any of the fortunes told on that Midsummer Eve. Nor, I think, did her nurse, so long as she lived, which was for 10 years more. Bntnow Judith dragged her charge away roughly, though theoiacle had not yet finished telling the fortune. 'Come, child*' she said. ' It is Twdtime. Fuesenongh made about a girl; silly talk— thongh- 'tis St. John's Eve and all. Come, Dorothy, a maid of 10 has got nothing to do with lovers. Lovers, indeed;! NeVer heard such things ! ' She, however, did heed them very much, for htr lips kept muttering as we came away from the-3reat Fire, and from the group of people now pressing and crowding together round their witch to know their fortune. What ahe told them I know not, hut 'there were shouts of laughter which made little Dorothy sad. It seemed to her as if they ougM not to laugh when such melancholy fortunes had been told, and while the Great Fire— the fire of Baal— was still burn ing brightly and steadily, just as it did long ago' when Solomon's sailors landed here, before King Ida built the Castle, and before ever a Forater was seen in the North Country. '??Far off. to die: at home to lie,'' Judith muttered. 'What did the chad mean? Where did she learn UP I hope his Honor may hot be disturbed by such a thing.' His Honor was not, because, with his companions, he was put to bed that night too. drunk to remember anything. ' Why, to be sure,' the nnrsewent on, ' it is only a play. And yet it is an old play, and we must never let it drop, or bad lack will come to us. Nobody inowa who is abroad on euch a night as Ibis. SpintTs whisper— I felt a cold breath onlay own cheek just now. TTis a feartul night. Say pjayerf, my dear, fidget to sleep.' : : - LateaB.I.hBd ''Sons': to. bjd;t:^tts up betimes and dressed ' by &i; Whe^'m^B^pin^aicTwent down thestairs I found Mr. Hily&rd; -already up and dressed, talking with no other than theglrUjCnny Lee heVeeH at the door.' . ' ' . I know sot whether he had been, tike the others, drunk the night before. He, was qutte sober ^pw, and eomposed and crave in bis manner as hecomes a scholar* and.was hia wont in ttfl morning. ' But hiB eyes were red, as sometimes' happensAfter much wine... ?? Come, girl,' he was saying, '^hslt not put me off with nonsense, yfho taught thee the. '. rhymes P.^tT.-;--J -1: ; -?:? ??'?' c ? '? . - ! i '^Jcnny^su tall ^1 flfl2 or 13/ wlio might have been 1?, so well grown was she:1 Judith called her a pipsy : her father, who was dead, belonged to that nation. She had a gtpqr-'1flac^ hUtt *nd bright blacTt eyes*, alsOj a gipsy's BwarAyj^'re^BpB^d white teeth; She bore on her ^SSu&SheSg;^ ™*«***»i»*er she 'Come,' he said. 'Here is Jittle Miss Dorothy. ! As yon hope lor aii^ favour from* this yoniig Oady teU^ns where you learnBd those fertunes.1' ' *.;=.:./?.?: -? 'Perhaps they were whispered by the spirits,' said the ^rl^irflpufito^yi J«Bveryhoaykn(Twfl that 6n St. Jqhn'8 -'1*»4^rhap)i '&ey; -wete not whispered.' Perhaps I; know., where they^me ffr1bm.w , ? ' « ' ? '-? ?? ??- . : J ' : - 1. suppose there ^raB soijietiiing in hia look which she read, becauBe she dropped her eyes. ' ;?.?..?;???. ? -; ' Telling itnlsfortunefl to gentlefolk is no laughing matter, my girl. Such prophecies sometimes bring their own ful filment. It Is recorded ot Marius— hut ^that ooncerns thee not: Whbwa9tt,J«niyT' '- J ; ?l'^.1?Iiy»' *« ytfep««d» ???' Granny ? she ie aproper , ^mmwm* i '!??! — ii i i^— i .Mil i ii....- ? r mi ? n r i t - ' Of course, 1 knew it(' he replied. 'Tet I saw none of your people among the gipsies yesterday.' She replied that, in fact, they were in, trpnhte, one of them having been unjustly hanged for stealing a sheep (the whole tribe being ready to swear ah alibi), and another having been flogged thrdnfih the town of Berwicknpon Tweed, and that as regards Bamborongh the fyst time they were camped in that place there were so many complaints about pigs, geese, and even cows dying suddenly and .mysteriously (their bodies being taken away by the gipsies and eaten), and so many threats of throwing the old woman into the pond for a witch, that they were afraid of coming any nearer. She was indeed a wonderful and terrible old woman to look at, being doubled up with rheumatism, and wrinkled most terribly,' yet with a pair pf coal-black eyes which shone like fire. ' She. cast the fortunes of the gentlemen and Miss Dorothy with the cards,' Jenny Lea went on ; ^and yours too, sir. Oh ! . Granny's words come true— every one.' ' Where did they come from last ??* asked Mr. Hilyard. ' They came from Lancashire, and they are going to Wooler first, and then across the Chevoits and to Jed burgh,' ; ?'- .? ' ? ? 'From Lancashire.' Mr. Hilyard stroked his chin and looked grave. Presently he began to speak with her eagerly in a tongue which 1 did not understand. Yet I fcnew very well that it was the language of the gipsy ^f oik, and that Mr. Hilyard could talk it, being* most mgoniou'? gentleman who could talk many languages, such as Dutch andL French, and even thieves' tongue, which they call Cantinjr. This he learned, in London; while lurking (at great risk of being knocked xf the head) among the thieves and roguee of that great aha .wicked city. 'I believe there were also other weighty reasons known to Oxford vintners and others, who had trusted him; why fora time he should * lie snug. You will hear presently how a person s'a learned and of euch curious accomplishments became a resident in our house and our dependant.- ' ? ? . , '. After a serious talk, Jenny went away, dropping me a curtsey without letting the pail fall from her head, or a drop of milk to be spilled. Then Mr. Hilyard hemmed. twice, and said:^— ? ....... M I was sayine to the girl, Miss Dorothy, that the 'poultry of Bambroughshire must not be stolen, or rogues'will meet their deEerts.' This he may have said among other things, but I knew very well indeed that he had eent a much more important message. In those day e of unquiet, when there were secret communications and letters constantly passing from hand to hand, especially between Lancashire and Northumberland, even a child could understand that in some way or other Mr. Hilyard and the .old gipsy woman were concerned in letter-carrying. ' It is strange,' he went on, spealicg gravely, and as if. he was reading from a book, Mthat the girl doth not forget the language of her fathers people, though her mother brought her away bo young. Much I fear that when she grows older she will leave the ways of Christian .folk and follow with the camp. 'Tis a strange wM folk ! Nor hath it ever been made certain whence they came or where they were first seen. As for their language, which I have been 8t some pains to learn, that seems to have in it something of the Chaldsean. Meantime forget the pretended oracles of this gipsy Delphic. As for his Honor, your brother, he will doubtless in someway achieve greatness, as his grand father before him, Sir William, Sheriff of the County, and what the witch asys is true, that ' great name brings great blame. Themutocles is recorded to have compared himself to a tree the leaves of which are plucked by every passer-by, jet in days of heat they all run to it for shelter. And as for prophecy, every man iB Faber Fortunes, or maker of bis own' fortune, which is the reason why some do spoil them selves in haste and hurry of making ; so that weinay ad mire the wisdom of Vespasian, who stamped )iis coin with a dolphin and an anchor, and the legend, Soon enough if well enough, forget the oracles, child, and doubtless when jour brother and the gentlemen are reatly* to take their breakfast, they will have forgotten, by reason ; of the . potency of Mb Honor's port, the predictions of last night.' ? : ? ? ? ; ? It is, indeed, as difficult to keep a gentleman of North umberland from wine as a woman from talk. ' ' The goats of -Candia,' Mr. Hilyard resumed, stroking his chin, ' being shot with an arrow, straightway choose the herb dittany in order to cure the wound ; the tortoise, having . eaten a viper, seeks for wild marjoram ; the dragon, when his sight fails, cleans his eyes with fennel. Cranes, for the good of the stomach, know how to administer' sea-water. The wise man, Miss Dorothy, after a bottle or two of port overnight, taketh a tankard 'of small beer in the morning.' He disappeared, in search of his remedy, and Dorothy saw him no more that morning. At noon the gentlemen took their breakfaet, and presently rode away all together, laugh ing end shouting, and- Dorothy never heard from any of them till long afterwards mention or remembrance of this oracle of St. John's Eve. End ©f Part I. ; 