winning a mm a - steeplechase « (Concluded,) t ■ I For many days after my foolish remark to :pldW«rley- didlTnentsUyeniMe''myBelf"for having been so foolish as to provoke him, and when Lizzie came home from her visit she also looked serious when I told her what an t»a 1 had wade ofinyself. But there was nothing that fauggestedJitself to us but waiting focjthe rewilt^.anq^in my own mind, though I tncn to itatpira Linzie with hope, I knew there was not thfe ghost of a ohance for me, for a lew trials at the distance with ; Don Pedro had proved to me that I could not live with him forthreemilea, though I , made it very merry, for him for two. Jem also helped me all he could in preparing Bayard for the coming Btruggle. He knew the position in-whion I stood with Mr. Warley, and I believe if lhad been treacher ous enough to ask him to lose; be would have been very muoh tempted to do so ; but we had Comet to beat, and if I couldn't stay with the Don, my ohance of beating off ab old veteran like Comet was a very remote one. There was nothing for me to do but to truBt in Providenoe and my good luck, and ray heart was very heavy for the few weeks preceding the races. ' How is that bullock of yours coming on t' the old chap used to remark with a chuckle, Bometimes'of an evening; ' it appears to me he goes slower the longer you train him. X wouldn't bother about him if I was you; he will never see once round the course;" and he would oast a sarcastio glance at poor lizzie, who used to look pitifully at me in return. I had my revenge out of him, how ever, at his favorite game. I never had such luck in my life. It had become almost a matter of certainly my beating him four or five games out of every six, and although I secretly enjoyed his suppressed wrath, I knew it was only tending to harden the old man against me. I couldn't try and lose, for the old chap would have detected me at onoe and been very wrathful, so X went on beating him every night, to his intense dis gust. The crisis of my fate was approaching nearer every day. Ab for Lizzie, she used to haunt the stable and caress Bayard when* ever she got a chance, doubtless under thfc impression that her fair hands and soft voice would have an immense influence in persuade ing him to do the best he could in the forth coming struggle. The long looked for and fateful day rapidly approached, and as Jim and I passed Mr. Warley two days before the races to proceed to Tambo on our respective steeds, a look of pride passed over his countenance as he noticed the splendid condition and proud bearing of the Don, and, turning to me with the first smile I • had seen on his facd for some weeks, be said kindly— 'I am sorry for you, my Jad,' but you know, I suppose, by this time, you have no chance with Pedro—Jim has told me so, and if I wereyoulshouldsave the horse and your* self any useless trying for an impossible re* suit.' I felt very bitter towards him before hd spoke so kindly to me, and I reined up my horse, letting Jim pass, and said, in a pleadj ing tone— I 'Is there no chance of your faltering youD mind, sir?' -•! ' None, my boy,' he replied; ' I tieveil break my word.' / ; ' Well, then,' said I, 'I will wifl or break my neck.' 'Not much fear of either,' he replied, laughingly; < you cant win, and I think tfaati nag of yours is of,too sensible a breed to let? you do the other. Good- bye for the present.. I shall be ir<Vambo myself to-morrow, andi Lizzie wnu be with me. 'Don't look so', stupid, < you young fool. What is afew yeara. . to ? I never married till I was overt thirty-five. Off you go ! Good-bye again, aiidj i wish you luck, though I know you haven'ti a chance,'and, with a heavy heart, Ifol-? lowed Jim on the road, feeling sure as I did soj that the old gentleman's judgment was cor-i , rect, and that I wasn't in it. i The twodaya we spent, in Tambo werej fully occupied in various ways. Jim and II had a couple of quiet flutters round the! course, both of ue.,negotiating the jumps in! a very satisfactory manner. Wc also sawt the Brisbane favorite doing a short spin, hist easy style of jumping causing Jim to look' rather serious. ' We shall have some trouble to shake thatj fellow off;' observed Jim, as Comet pulled up; aud quietly walked round for a couple of' turns. ' We must bring him down if we can. You can't win, and the old man will break his heart if the Don loses. You force the pace, and I'll wait on him at the finish.' 'And I lose my chance,'said I bitterly, .'if I ever had one.' ' *t's very hard,' replied Jim, sympathet ic' ' believe me you haven't a ghost of a chance, and if the old man sees you helping me, he might turn round and alter his mind afterward about you and Alias Lizzie.' ' much fear,' said I. ' I know him too well for that, but, anyhow, you shan't lose if I.can help it.' On our return I found Mr. Warleyand his daughter had arrived, and during.the day the ; old fellow backed his horse for a pretty stiff amount, the Brisbane betting meu who had accompanied Comet from town offering to go on till further orders. They also backed Comet for a stake, taking very short odds from the local people, and two hours before the race he was the favorite at even money. I shall never forget that race. I appeared to be in a. dream from the time I came on the course till it was all over, when I seemed to wake up suddenly. There were several minor events to come on before the big race, and I sauntered about With Lizzie and Mr. Warley, with a great coat over my jockey suit, pre tending to listen to what they were talking about, all the time not understanding hardly a word they said. My thoughts wandered ftway from every subject but one, and that one the most important one. Lizzie also seemed unusually dull, and well she might, for I told her tnat I couldn't possibly win. The old gentleman, who was in the highest spirits, seemed to look upon the race as his own, and the money in his pocket. ' Come and have a glass of champagne be fore you start,' said he; 1 it willbfelp to make you look more oheerful, ThoBe fellows think they are sure to win with Comet, •but1 they were never more mistaken in their litres. I don't believe, if a horse came down from heaven, he could beat the Don to-day. I never eaw a borse so fit in my life.' So, after just getting my lips with the wine, I shook hands <w$U the pair of them, and proceeded to inount Bayard, and give him a preliminary alongside of Comet, as Jim hadn't appeared yet. I noticed the jockey kept glancing at my horse as we took stride for stride half way round the course, and then walked them back again, and he said— . ' That is a pretty mover of yours, sir. Does lie fenoe well ?' 'Wait till you see him,' I replied. ' If ou cau't live with me for the first two miles, don't think you .will see much of me at the finish,' I said this in order to induce him to race me, bo as to help the Dun. An amused grin came over his not very handaonie face, as he replied — 'You won't find me far behind at the end. Ill bet you a hundred I beat you, at any rate.' 'I'll lay fifty you don't,' said I, reck lessly, 'Done,'said he, And as. we arrived at the starting post, I saw him whjBper to his owner, who looked all oyei Biiyanf, ami offered to lay me another pony ' .didn't beat Comet. ..Jim, who was aluiig si<le of me, winked warningly, and I took no notice of the ofier. In another mnmfot'fve were off, Jita whisper-, ing bef6re?weiBtart«d thatJie would give me a lead over the first jump.- It all seems like a dream to me now as it did then. I could see nothing, think ot nothing but the task beforeme f "Mid-after the firsbjnmp Iforged ahead at a pace that left both in the rear. There were only three starters, two horses having been Scratched, and for the first round I looked allover a winner. A roar went up as I passed the temporary stand, at least; a hundred yards ahead, with Bayard still putt ing like a demon',, and.going well within him self, a slight hope arising ia my mind that he might last. As I came to the last fence of the second round, I heard a roar, and knew something had happened, but I couldn't look behind, as the fence was in'front of me. 1 had■ no sooner got over than I looked be hind me, and saw only Comet coming, withja wet sail, and overhauling me at every stride. I knew then that the Don had either baulked or fallen, and my heart sunk within me asil heard the thud of the horse behind me, and felt Bayard leaving off palling; a sure sign that he had bad nearly enough of it. He was still going pretty freely, but I felt sure the next half mile would about settle my chanct. Two jumps from home, and about half ja mile from the winning post, Comet was along Bide of Bayard, and in a Becond was pastm$, the jockey, with a grin, saying—'I've got. you, young 'un,' as he swept away towards the next jump, which was a stiff log one, about four-foot-ten, a very nasty thing to try after such a severe race. I watched himsena his horse at it in a most determined style, and I took a slight pull on Bayard, as I knew I was out of it if Comet got over. To my joty the horse deliberately baulked, and his rider turned bim round for a freBh attempt. In a moment I gave Bayard his heid, and rushefl him right at it, and in the next moment too we were both over and both on the ground the other side. I was up in an instant, so was my horse, and, not having let go the reins, I was mounted and off in a second, after a glance backwards as soon as I had settled myself in the saddle. This glance, however, showed me that Comet still declined to try the timber, nor could he be got over at all that day. The pace for the first two miles had been too warm for him, or something had interfered with his temper; anyhow, he was disposed of for the remainder of the race, but Don Pedro was coming very fast, and threat ened to beat the pair of us unless I could keep Bayard going and clear the next jumpy which was only a small three-foot hurdle. 'Seep it up, old man,' I shouted, patting him instinctively, as another shout told me the Don had cleared the logs, but by this time I was close to the hurdle, my horse nearly done and going all abroad. It was use less me trying to lift him over the fence, so I sent him straight at it, and the old fellow sent it flying into smithereens with his chest; and we were in the straight, the Don nearing me every stride. The straight was a very short run, and if ever a man and horse worked to get to the winning post we did; and when it was passed I had not the slightest idea as to who waB the winner, so close were we together, and as we pulled up Jim said— ' I think I've liaked you, George, and I'm sorry for it, but T^as bound to win if I oould. I had a nasty mil at the back, and thought I was out of it, but when IsawComet baulk, I thought I could come fast enough to lead you at the finish.' But he was wrong. The judge's decision was Bayard by a short bead, and if ever a man was elevated to the seventh heaven of happiness, it was yours truly. Two months afterwards Lizzie and I were | married, the old gentleman asking me as a favor to sell him Bayard. I didn't; I gave tho horse to him, and many a race the old fellow) won afterwards, I can tell you; but, of course, he came into my possession when tlie old man died and left us everything. That was some of bis progeny you saw in the stable this morning, and that was how I won a wife and a steeplechase. 