Optical lllniaons, , are not, it: jib egtken of as aK^'opfesl fllesion.'- 33ie familiar csp]nessiontlHlt"^.i:eIljg is be]ie-vijig* ; imjplws that most .^coDle^trnet- -to theu eyes more&aii; to tiiGix " X liavc seen ii Tnllll my own eyes 'is looked upon at an mdiEpn tfible. a coni-incing fii^umeat, £.ltiaon^:h Uieic ate. a .few jionbtacg. Thomases -who would add the teE&nony; of "Hie -sense of fecl- }ng to that of sight before admitting that a : ] The faets ln the case sre: that any one of senses jnay msIead^iE. snd-vnll do<§p bs- 1 less we mute cau!aon ^s?jiiL- espeiiaiee. , .A.s eophists tiEe loguj to-prove- ifeefalsetriEej-so tlie ventrflogniBfe by the -exeraseiDf jhassttrt ideeeivesthe ear. and- the gleight-Jif-tuind ,-per- ^mer cheats yonr tyes. Howfe this posi Certain rays of light coming &om; a.dietant. body enter the eye, and produce certain sen .' .satione upon the retina, which senEations are imported to ihe brain through the optic nerve. • The brain interprets the signals by the aid ofpast eqierience,and-we itefewe havesecn the distant object.- In fact; we iave only reeelved a message from it. If the telegraphic: operator m Washington strikes his key twice, -the Sew Sort operator write down O^ iiat if hEfiferikes it three timet the latter writes Sown S, unless he &Ss; to hear the third ,<jck-, or thmks he has heard hut -two,^pheii Be is led pnte S. Tbe eignals, when correctly given, may be inteipreted-correetly 'or incorrectly.. So the BignBls correctly re^Eterel on tie; ietina and reported to the bram may be incorrectly mandated and Snteqireted, thoE tegnlnng in an error, anillQEion. , i Plaee a man. and a dog siSe hy-fiide at a distance of SO feet. , and any person with an pye capable .of ^distinguishing -them, will 4>e ^ble to tell which is on: the right, whidh.on the left: The eye is not easily .deceived esito position at right angles to the Jine of vision. Iiettbe man advance five feet; it-is easy to jrcl] thai tbe dog is farther :away-than - ihe plan, Kext, place the man at a distance of: ttW feet, the dog:at..lf)5 Jeet:-,-it is not so' easily decided as before, although mistakes lare rare wrth a normal eye. ,£nt at 500 and £00 feet, respectively^ it is. less easy,although iwe can still tell vrtiich ifi to fhenght s.na iwhich to the -left. The images formed on the Jretina by the same object at ^ifierent dis- Itances are very similar, differing only is Eize )and distinctness, for - this reason : it " is jdifficnlt to judge of distances, requiring much {practice. , A. person .standing on a straight ibtnp of .railroad is iarely able to tell whether a distant tram is approaching,'or receding, lor at-rest, so slight is the change in-apparent size from, which the diBtance is to be esaanated. Upon the sea it is very difficult; •without long practice to judge tit distances, i v As a curious instance of mabilrty to judge -of distances, and hence of toe' direction'of (horizontal motion, may be mentioned that iof the governor of a steam engine... At a mertain. distance (say SO. feet), the eye will, iseem to see the -baUs: turning in. a certain direction, bat on next looking at. them this miction seems to have changed to the reverse, sand-after several alternations the -mind.be- •,comes perplexed, and finally is able to 'see •them tuning cither way. 1 . An outline, drawing of a cube may be .•made to look like the lntenor-or exterior at i will an a-considerable distance: the real cube jean be made to .do the same. Shading,; i perspective, &e.;, are resorted to by: the artist to give the idea of distance. •- In the .matter of^direction^deception is not ;Eoeasy:as in distance. Oar experience tells . us that if a person hits us m the back with a . ball he is probably behind, not m front of us. : The object seen lies m the same direction as that from which the light comes when it : enters sthe eye. H by any rneans the -direction oi the ray has been changed betwesn-the lime when it'left the object and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, aud-deception results. When this ^change is effected by the reflection-it is attended with more .or less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads ^ne one to suspect a reflecting.surface. If the mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to he misled. The well-known {''ghost '' is due to the reflection of - a strongly lighted figure from a plate of unsilvered glass. Many of the best tricks; witn floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors. : No illusions are more perfect than those produced with mirrors. • ^ .-. - • ..--,- Effraction always changes the apparent place of an object, so that we seem to see the sun after.it has gone below the horizon. A more striking but iessfreguentphenomenon ot refraction is that kcovm as mirage. ~ fraction also affects the color of an object, The media through which , hght pabses has more or -leEB reflect upon the xay. -In a- fog objects are dimly seen, the cffect- resembling that due- to> distance, ,hence objects^look larger, ior the eye judges of the, size of an object by multiplying the size of the image or "impression received by the Eguareof the distance, while, the latter is estimated" from the indistinctness of.the object.: In: the fog tbi; apparent distance .je increased, but the eye inteipretE.it as due to the-opposite cause. On looking-atrtlie photographof a tree. a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not possible to form a correct idea <of its sizeiunless a-man: or animal: is seen-in the -same view with vrfnch to -compare it. In- nature, especially cn land, the intervening objects that lead up to at give the data on which to cdculate - the distance.*: Where none intervene, .as in ilookmg from peat to peak, the? eye innst depend on:distinctness; and where-' the air is very clear.and . transparent: -Colorado, distances seem less itban they. are.. •If the. object is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains true, but the colors are changed: On looking directly at the loop or curve of an incandescentlamp.it isfrequently difficult: to distinguish its form, the whole loop iieing: radiant and-dazzling^while its reflection is so! much less brilliant that the form of the car-' bon Is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron -looks much -larger -when red . hot than when CDld for the same reason, and a: fire; at. night seems, nearer,vowing to its/bright ness, than in the day. . jNo Jietter'proof is -needed-ol the:faet that; the eye does not end-cannot -measure dis-; lance, but only gives more- or less imperfect data from-which: the: mind calculates tbe distance, than the child's efforts to grasp' the moon, and of the .dog that: bays at that distant luminary which looks so near; nor .can any of ns, with our naked eye, estimate tbe lelative . distances-of the sun :and stars. ; . The shEpe.and eolor ef an object are all that the-eye alone^ean report-with tolerable accnracy, -but by experience :we learn .ito distinguisn the texture of ^substance,-the 7 nature of :servicesj and many other things that belong more/properly to :the sense, of touch. "We distinguish satin iropa velvet and wool from cotton: at a glance. . The painter's art largely -consists in deceivmg-±}ie,eye;:.m so mixing and blending hiB:pigments, that they produce the-fiame -impression, as .stone and.woodjOr earthandtreeB,<jr--fleEluand.bloodwonld.do', and-the greater his<skiU$4fae more-perfect the: deception. The imitation is rarely^o perfect as- to deceive the exjierienced, and:yet -the pleasure -derived Irom thesimitation -esceeas that .given by. the reality, ju6t as m^feery and and suffering, when well 'depicted on the stage,give$Ieasiue,,totihe sight otthereality ^ivea pain. In many things the mini enjoys being deceived, and optical illusions give -us.pleasure, so much so that those;who fare capable ol comjjlEtely deceiving this the acutest :<ofiour senses get.well-paid.for % 'exercising • iheir talents H., 