MJS€ELLAR8A, Ee^nlBr8elfo!7-F«ncyfaiw.. j; ^ ?: Strawbafe show whichwfty thewind Wows. - The threo ' K'b '.~We are,you are, tlxoy are. Mr. Hore wrotetoaglrl asking ber fomaRy bio. Shs declined, and cloeedbrir note wife— 41 No more at present.' / An Hl-Btarred Individual. — ^Any one whose name requires ' ' : to be expressed as Mr. ??? or any other number 9f asterisks. : A milkman in Cincinnati waadrwroed the othBr day. go probably knows himself now what too much water is like-* 'jm' RSDBrsB wou M|nmp| ' m a rran vnion § man sets and baits blmsrif, and then ieUberatdy gets into, ' Women seldom stop to think.' Tree enough. But you might have added, 'But they never tail to stop sad talk.' Thair. ain't much sense to be got oat of a good-tookmg woman; steined grass is pretty to look at, but notgood to look outer. An eminent astronomer says ' it would take Id years t* photograph the heavens.' Myl Pretty near as long aa it takes . to photograph fee baby. ' Uridine' wants to know the plot of Charles Beadafo' novel, ' A Perilous Secret.' Don'tknow, 44 Undine,' ?nlaa it has something to do wife the age of a ballet dancer. - Shocking— but Untrue ! — ' French watering-places ? An abomination, sir! Why, I've been told of people bathing there ?in purit tiaturalibui I' 'Ah. I dessay!— and some not even that l' * What's in a Name?— Form servant (to ticket collector) : 'What station is feist' T. C. : ' Auchterarder.' P, S. : 'WeeLye might hing the name np, for it would trubble ouy budy to ken whare .he wis wi' yer steroh am mustard.' TOO TRULY TRUE. It was a poet lean and brown Who by fee editor sat down To read his funny poem. It was an editor austere Who took said poA by the car . And down the stairs — . Did throw 'im. A Distinction. — (Scene, landing pier on Clyde.)— Lowland porter (to indignant Celtic ditto, who has accused him of appro priating his passenger) ; ' Toots, kiss my fit, Dougal.' Doogrt (irately) : ' No, she'll no ; but she'll ferry soon mak hersell kiss your fit, whateaer.' — ^ Hardly Hum-bo ! — In Scotland there Is a shooting-ground balled the forest of Rum. Surely fee deer and grouse found there would be fair game for Sir Wilfrid L&wson; to try bis hand On. They ore doubtless, however, of a very spirited kind, aot to say4' rum-bustious.' ; Mrs. Jones— 44 Ah, and good morning to you, Mrs. Smith. Did you like that cream I Bent your' Mrs. Smith — 44 Oh; Very much, thank you.' Mrs. Jones—' Yes, and U vou could let me have fee pot I sent it in, yon'd oblige me, 'cos, you see, it's my old man's reaving mug, and he don't like no ofeer,' LEX TALIONI8. He offered me his heart and hand, Whereat I laughed and said him nay ; ) But found too late feat when he went He took my happiness away. And so l wrote a little note; ' ' ' Dear Jack, 'Tasked, with sweet deaign. In love it's fair to change one's mind?' Said he : ' It is— and I've changed mine!' ' A Telephone Freud.— Irate Customer: 44 Why oan'tyoa - fellows be honest ! That telephone you pat in my store is a fraud. You said feat words -could be distinctly heard for 20 miles.' 44 Telephone Man ; 44 Well, they can.' ' They eu't, I say. Ther Can't be heard five blocks.' 44 Oh, you are mistaken.'. 44 But t . am not. 1 yelled mvself hoarse at a man last evening only five blocks away, and be could not hear a word X said. - He said so.' ? ' ' Queer, very queer; but, by-tbe-way. what was it you said fo him!' ' I asked him when he would be around to square up bis account.' A Home-made Nemesis. — 41 1 see by the papers, father that all the candidates on the' ofeer side have got a Nemesis,4' said a South End schoolboy to his pa. 44 What ia a Nemesiib father! Is it anyttung like a bicycle?' 44 No, my son,a Nemesis is not like a bicycle. A man rides a bicycle, when he knows Row, and a Nemesis reverses the operation and rides the men.' ' What is it, then!' 44H'm! what is itP Let me see; it is ia sort of a moral ghost, as it were, aa etbloal in dependent, a kicking conscience/a— a — well, a sdrt of Nemesis, as near as anything.' 'But what is it like, father! I want to see one.' 'If you want to see one real bad, you just drink four caps of strong coffee, eat half a dozen links of store sausage/and top off-wife a -cold mince pie. Do thU at 9 o'clock p.m., and then go to bed at 9.15, and you'll see Nemesises enough before morn ing to laBt a lifetime. Now run away and don't bother me While I am reading fee paper.' THE HOMES OF ENGLAND. The unhealthy Homes of England! How jsnntily they stand ' Among their long untended drains . . By cratty builders planned t The deer would shun them llke the pest, - Though beautifal feev stem, * And the doctor's face, in passing by, ' \- IAghte with aslckly gleam. The draiay Homes of England? In summer's sultry heat ? ' What sniffs of not unmixed driight Each varied odour greet I Then woman's voice is heard to say - She thinks there's something wrong, ' . While msniy lips fee landlord bless In langosgerather strong. / The ^^ioid Homes of England How pleasant 'tis to know That liquid micrrAos of disease . Keep up a constant flow ! ' Simple, yet sun, the plan whereby The sewer-gas ascends; 1 They're perfect masters of their art, Our homicidal friends.- ' , The fever-dens of England! By thousands on her plain, They smile at the defective pipes - Which link them with the 44 main.' Ihrough glowing orchards forth they peep, ^ And gardens all abloom, - And hygienic dullards sleep ^ \- Unoonsoions of their doom. The scamping rogues of England t Long, long in hut and hall May heads of wisdom etili be reared , To circumvent them all! And trapped for ever be the drains, And pure the watery store Where first the child's glad spirit learns What lurks beneath the floor ! Shoving the queer in 'Frisco. — There is a cheap clothing dealet oh Kesrny, near California, whose confidende in ' mankind has receivedheevere setbact Theother day an honest looldag ' countryman walked into bra store andesid, ' You rememberthat secondhand overcoat I bought here for 3 doliars yestmdiyF' 44 Never dakes pack anythings ven vonce solt, my'frent,Mstidfee hand-me-downer. Oh! -that's all right. -I just wanted tossy . _^.V thai found tltts 500-dollar bill sewed in theumng. Perhaps fee owner may call for ft.' ' Of gorse he vill— he has already. my dear frent,' exclaimed fee derter, eagerly capturing the money. 'You is von honish man. Here. I gif you - feefty tolUr ash a revard. Dot vill be all right.' When fee honest custombr jgbt around the corner he muttered softly, 'I guess l'dbetter take this fifty and skip up to Portland before that Sheeny tumbles to that counterfeit. It's getting mighty hard to shbrc the * queer' around these arts ana feat's a fact ' : - -. o-£- 1 He was uer voufi about sewer gas.— A citizea living on Hwtings-street encouutercd a policeman near his house theofesr day red asked him where the office of the Board of Health ootdd be found. .. The offioer replied by asking him what was Wanted, and the man explalmed : '? Well, my house is full of Bewer gas, and l was going down to see if anything could be done.' The officer volunteered to go in sad smell around a little, and a visit to thepremises failed to disclose a single pipe or drain leading .f rom fed house, fee hydraht being In fen brek ystd, He, how ever, found a barrel half-full of melon rinds,ap^e^rings, bread crumbs, tea leaves, &c.;, at fete backdoor, and he^ said: 'ThsUs What you smell all over your house.' 'Suppose it is!' 'Of course. Why, I coridvmeli that across fee street! ' 44 Well; ! declare, bnt I guess you are right ! Oh, well, if that's aU it Is there's no nse in fooling around may more. Wo oan get- along with that, but we're awful nervous on fee question o! sewer gas.' ? BILL NYE ON PHRENOLOGY. I.' . An erroneous phrenologist onoe told me feat I would shine as a renvalisVand said that! ought to marry atall blonde vrife a nervous, sanguinary tempersment, ' Then he said, «? One doQar, please,' and I said, 44 aU right, ganfe scientist wife a town mane, I will give you the dollar and marry the tall blonde with a bank account and bilious temperament when you give me a chart , showing me how to dispose of a brown-eyed brunette wife a thoughtful cast of. countenance, who married me in an .unguarded moment two years ago.' He looked at me in a reproachful kind nf way, struck at mc wife a chair in an absent-minded manner, and etoleawsy. ^ 