CAULF1E1.D TRAIN !YC NOTES. Saturday. Saturday was a misorably cold and wot morn- ing, consequently lit tin fast work was iudulgod lil, EC3t ft tho horses out boing ougagod iu tho different races later on in tho day. ' Tho new arrivals musterod in good forco, and cams in for a lots of inspection, their condition b.ing oagorly tcannod by tho regulars on tho courso, tho opinion boing mostly favorable to tho attention that bad been dovoted to tbom. Eowo troatod Polostar and Nonsense, tho first to. commence work with a ranter, and then spirted tho last round. Yccnd, in churgo of Sir \V. J. Clarko's liorooi, sont Sauvignon and Vernet gont'o oxer; ciso ; coming homo . at a good pace from tho bottom turn. INginbotbam dcspatcbod Don Quixoto and Capri, going tbroo rounds slowly, finishing up with a spirt. Morrison had the Lady Adelnido filly, Vnsco and Loporello out, only doing' mild work. Umbra was cantering. Mon-glian's Merry Christmas and Debus wcro doin" modium work; and- Do Moslro's Guineas colt, 'ilio Pilot, canterod. Muscat, Kottlo anil Dufus, tho latter with O'Brien up, went slowly. Thofavorile for tho Guinoaslookod woll, and is a very pretty mover. Limond's chestnut colt Phaon, by. King of tho lting out of old Sappho, attracted a good deal of attention, and strodonlong very, ovonly. . Josophino (Boaso 111 tho saddle) started ."cantering, and was let go from ' tho bottom turn, coming home strong. Cupola did a strong round on tho' inner track, tho iitlio cheatnut golting ovor tho ground nt n good bat. Perlo d'Australio was treated to similar work on tho samo track. Jiolcor, Conjocturo niid- Ringmaster spirted and cantorcd. Grey, with bis string from ICilmany Park, was next to put in an appoaranco, and I10 giro bis fivo good useful work. Gasalior, overpowering her jockoiybolted, but was got under command before doing any damage. Tho liurdio racer looking vory muscular. Yankee Urib, an aspirant for tho Findon Harriers' Ysae, was out oxereising. Egbert and Kingfisher woro sont serviceable work. W. Long suit Carbuncle cantering. Caracrino and Dargo cent as well ns anything ; tho marc did a round of a milo in nico form. Jones bad Violet, Molodious, (First Top, Mistako, Tho Bohemian and C'oriolanus out doing ordinary- work. Scaramouch . and tho chestnut Straggler were given tbroo rounds at a good swing. . Jtapid (from Koys's) was also given a breather of three rounds, tho last moving along a little freer. J. CI. Iteid tiuil his four — Grace Darling, Tho Ghost, Nuncio and Norfolk, who subsequently won the 'Maiden Plato— all working. Tho latter is tlio only horse located in Iho vicinity for any timo who was returned a winner. Many of tho trainers st Coalfield aro of opinion that not sufficient- fast work bud been dono by tho ; horses trainod in tho neighbor hood, and in Ibis manner account for tho down- fall of ono or two good favorites. Monday. Tho morning was' showery till nearly all tin horses had gone through their work. Tho course showod very plainly tho results of Satur. day's galloping, tho tracks of tho numerous competitors being clearly indicated, more espe cially over tho jumps in front of the stand ; but tho back of thocouraohnsnotsufforodtoanyoxtcnt Connelly wis' tho first to put in an ap poaranco witii bis largo string, doing walk ing oxcrciso till tho rain began to clear off. wnsn they worked separately on tho middlo' rack, liobirteon'had Morry Fonolla and Vivian ' doing useful work, tho former sliding ftl-uig, and eager to go. Tho Cup horso Cupola went two rounds nt a modium pneo cantor. Higinbotlram nosl appeared with bis toam'in Indian tilo, and sent La Grand with nock clothes and hood on, UHri»n up, in company with Capri, three good rounds, last at 'tho end, tho champion going nong another furlong, and pulling up strong, nglington, looking big, with Tissue, cantorod and spirted a couple of rounds. Higinbothara, on Don Quixote, was doing modcrnto work se parately, and went a couple of turns, the horso apparently very anxious to get aion" a tat faster. Batty, on Ontario, with Do- Miyer, Sims up, Umborto and Yaloly, all atalilo companions, were treated to their usual work, the Caulfield Cap horso doing tbroo ini'd woods at a slow canter. Ontario and Deceiver Rr!'.i 0r-0li t', iimps, tha former negotiating e lulls sticks at a good bat; Dccoivor jumped I,, a i"s,er ,)'staolcB, performing vory well, but Liu 1 ? V a E0" Plmo and parted company wl.l.r 8 j?okoy> w,l subsequently, none tho worse (or the contretemps, got tho son ot Touch- s.nuo ovor the 1 ground in a taking style. Davis stutcd with Dargo and Ditto, tho first of bis «K.i 0 w tI". morning, but thoy were only Wi« El1 cnBy,;oreisn. David, who wont strongly, siiiiut lohmg any tho worso for bis race on y' ntnd 'I 13 l'vhablo that if ho hail bad a 5 .8l!ch Pipo openers thoy would havo Iiiiia ? )i01 10 P'ospocts in tho Gui-ioas. min» , ""mirinojoamoycd togolbor, tho mnro CO mnnLrrPr0 t, r0 " (1 3' lookinS wcll, and may re luck an 5 next Saturday for previous ill Nuni- ir n05»,r'-"ace Darling, Hurra Burra, ail in ltr!i l- . >,i n ria' winner, Norfolk, Norfolk w 8 8i -0' w?ro canlorinS ""-d trotting. Bray's nir'in luokmK glooming after bis victory, koine in iFr? "?K s,ow with, Gasalior Swnmnnofi4 ,cnditlon- Look despatched hum of the LWi >'3 attendant, Struegler, for join" n ..,1 ? J? morning, the former Wf alon .Ei,ron- .6all". am finished it abo on ihn 1 « ibc. soJ. wa.»- "i"Kl'iS!icr was Violet First T> ,E-i T Tnndstickcr and m Rood form n' '- >'oyiIind sP"la« all worked watered |n-'„ 0 Sydney horso, who hut whon iar actln of tbohiiul logs, Journey mo«l Cx .lltl,e(' at "l0 and of bis The mtimtns."- . Tuosday. . »tly eb-Lt Svi a? TOry cr'31> a lid cold till »-«o« 0 clock, when tho sun shone out to tho roltef of thoso prosont. The courso was in capital ordor, dcspiio tho cutting up it bad ro- coivcd ou Saturday, and most of tho trainers took advant igo of it to sond tiioir horses some fast gallops. Hurdles bad boon placed on tho inner sido ill front of tho stand, to lcoop tho racin" part proper from boing usod, consequently tho running ground was mado a fow seconds longer. If tho prosont weathor lasts tho courso will bo looking at its host ou Satur- day, and eorno necossary improvements in tho sbapo of onlargiug tho stand near tho woiehnig onclosurc nro being carried out. D. Itobinson was tho first to rnako araovo, giving Vivian two rounds on tho inner track. Merry Fonolla, after cantering, wont 5 furlongs fast. Cupola was sont, strong work, going, vory dolor- mmodly ; but I10 lins boon scratcbod for tho Mel- bourco Cup. Connelly troatod Fr!ondl'o3B to three turns nt a fair paco, the horse looking vory nt. Midnight was sont ovor tho jump3 .witb M Loo<t uI'i and tho son of Paris performed croditably. Novelette was doing slow work oif tin middlo track. Higinbetbam's charge, ,Lo Grand and Capri, went tbroo rounds on iho grass at a good bat; tho Iattor's gallop oil Saturday did him 110 barm, and bo ,noiy gbts along in bottor form. Eglinton, ivilb O'Brion up. and Tissue, aftor cantering, bowlod along for half a mile, but tho timo was not fast, taking a little over a minuto to do' tho trip. Batty ori: Ontario did-0110 of the most usofiii gallops of tho.' morning on the middlo track, going ovor a. railo; very strongly. This horso, if allowed to start, will havo a big look iu for tho .Hurdles' next Saturday. Yatoly whs sont hlong for a mile St' fast work ; 1 e looks as wcll as aiiytkini!. and noes with, great froodom. His impost for tho Cup,- 7 st. 5 IV,, should not slop ' biin, but with tho steadier of 12 st. 3 lb. for tha Hurdlos, It is- most likely bo will ha an absentoe for that raco. Umborto picks! him .up, and took him along, tho chestnut also going well. Deceiver and Gfldoroy, tho jumpers, raood two rounds on tho middle track, both going woll, bait Docoiver cloarod away- from-bis companion. at the end, and did another round nlono. 'How" ho. could got along at tho pa:o with Gildoroy Over tbojunips remains to be seen. Don Quixoto, looking very fresh, did medium work. Gray bad bis string striding along- on tho grass, Tattler going two strong rounds, also Gasalier, looking and going very ivoll. Tho others did slower exercise. Leek, bad Straggler doing strong work on tho. inner track, tho son ,,of Argus Scnudal gotting- over tho ground vory nicoiy. ICoys brought out Itapidi and Soira- mouch joinod him at tho back of tho course, bat- the Sydney horse ovorpoworing bis jockey Went a milo before ho was stopped. On boing brought back thoy got away together, but passing tho' turn Rapid ran very, wido, nearly coming to grief amongst sorao horses tboro doing walking oxercise. It would bo ns well if horses- wero kept oil tho tracks on which otbor animals aro doing, fast. work. Sciraraouch slopped aftor going a milo. Moxart then joinod .issuo with lUpid,.and came homo to the finish, tho form'or slightly in'advnnco. This was thobostgallop of tho morning, 11 milo boing dono by Rapid in 2 min. ICsoe., ,witb;apparontTybis cup weight up, and covering so much ground as ho did, it was a good- performance. Scaramouch afterwards was working. 011 tho sand. First Pop and Violetcanti r-d anil then camo away for fiy'o furlongs. Pop reaching home ' first, but tho .weights appoared'to bd in his favor. MolodiouB, with O'Brion up, and Tho Bohemian wont a sharp spirt, the " latter going another round. Kingfisher, Tho Ghost, Nuncio and Bu'rra, Hurra were ail doing moderate work. Graco Darl ing and Norfolk, after cantering, went fast for i thrco.quartcrs of a mile, stopping just aftor entering tho straight ; Norfolk was going vory strongly, and could not bo in much hotter form." David and Durgo cantorod along, going at a medium paco on tho graES. Ditto and Camerine 1 O'Brien) on tho latter wero started galloping froai. 1, he half . mito. post, tho mare not going kindly,. O'Brion having to jog her along,. Ditto wont much, freer of tho two ;- llio journey taking 55J ecc.i Coriolanus Was doing good work on tho gras3, ho boing the last to put in an appearance. Wednesday.: : Although Wednesday was one of the pleasuntest mornings yet experienced at Caul field, the doings wero of the mil .est description. Doing ono of tho off days, very little galloping was. shown, and that .had to bo confined to tho Innor track, tho courso . propor having boon closed. Somo jumping was tho only reliof to tho monotony of the morning's work. Connolly gave Friendless four good rounds, jump ing tho foncos in grand stylo. This iittio horso is in. rare felt'o. Ho also, gave Veritas nnd - othora of his team useful work. Angler, Orlando and Midnight canterod, .. and Orlando' spirted. Higinhothara's lot wcro doing medium pace work, Xe Grand locked well and moved along liko clock work ; Capri, im-.. proving every day, wont a 1-ttlo faster for two rounds on the track. Tho fastost work shewn was bolweon Norfolk and Graco Darling, who aid. a pipo opener for. n mile, tho Cup enndidato striding along. vory froely. The Ghost, Burra Burra and Alincio, all. in. tho samo stable, went slowly., several rounds. Batty had his four out. Docoiver and Ontario, jumpers, and Umborto and Yatoly, the latlor was very anxious to stretch his work,- and did modcrato oxcrciso on the: middlo .track. Jones gave Melodious, with O'Brien up, a sharp cantor, this handsome little' chestnut going along- with- hor accustomed vigor. First Pop, Violot and Sir Samuel can- tcroJ. Leek sont Scaramouch serviceable work, and Strugglor, his male, with Allan up, was worked at a slow pueo, jumping vory. well. .Robinson "had. Vivian, .with Merry Fennoiia boing lod, doing mild exercise. Cupola, with tho sweat rs on, put in a coupio of ronnds at n hotter pace. Tho' Tasmaninn stoopiochusor — Echo— who much rcsembios The Ghost in ap- po-irnnce, was oxorciB!ng and' jumped ono fcnco, he is looking vory well aftor tho trip. Rapid, n lit stiff, went Blow work. Tho ICilmany Park horses, in Gray's care, performed well, getting along at a fair paco— Gasalior and Tatlior especi ally. Coriolanus, Kingfisher, l'ippity Witchitt and Canuto wcro cantering. Gildcroy and Spar tan— with the 'sweaters on— piit in some useful work. Davis's David, Dargo, Ditto and C 1- morino nil wont wcll. The Don Giovanni— Fleet- wing colt was the last to oppenr and exorcise. Tho innor track was not quite dry, consequently tho middlo was tho only ono that could ho used. Thursday. On Thursday tho touts wont out to tho courso in joyful' expectation 01' witnessing something that would givo thoin nu idea as to the probablo winner of tho Cup and tho minor ovonts.-but they wero doomed to disappointment, ns, with only two or tbrco exceptions, tho work dono w.'s not of an important description. ConnoBy was tho first to open tho hill with Veritas, Midnight and Queen Bess, doing useful work. Friendless did two strong rounds, tho litllo bay going woll. Eglingtou, O'Brien in tin pigskin, and Titsuo get over half n milo, tho timo being slow. Cupri workod ou tho sand. Lo Grand, with sweators on, went scvornl rounds on the sand. Robinson gavo Moriy Fonolla and Cupola throe-quarters of a milo last work on tho course. Gray's horses wero all working fust, Gasalior being doipatched first. Tattler and Iron Hand, then Northern Lightand Gashnrner, all strode along in raro fottlo, tho last named covering the- hulf-niilo in good time. Batty had Doceivor 011 tho sand, also sending Ontario, Um borto, and tho stylish Yntcly oti tho grass four furlongs fast. Jones's Violet and First Pop travelled at a good bat on the sand. Melodious, tho Marihyrnongcandidate, rallied along (0 Prion riding), for Ihreo furlongs. Echo, tho slcoplo-. clmBor, Wanga, and Mozart worked on tiio aand, Orlando and Anglor doing eirai. lar oxcrciso. Scaramouch and . Bmu"glor went well, mora especially tho latter, Rapid, 0 Bncn up, was treatod to a gallop with- ,out a companion. This horso du03 not got up stoam unless ho has company, hut completed tho round in fair timo. Coriolanus, Spartan, GiFlo- roy, d'ho Ghost, Nuncio, Tippitty Witchott, Canuto and Kingfisher wcro eloivly workiii" on tno middlo track. Burra Burra and Nuncio .spirted three-quarters of a mile. Norfolk, with T. Williams up, and Graco Darling started tho Cup distance, tho mare boing of litllo nssistanco \- to tho Cup horso, who will eo for salo to-day, to bodolivorodaftor.tho Caulfiotd Cup, tho purchaser to rcoeivo half tho amount of tho prizo in tho ovent of his winning. Ditto, with Ferguson up, , was jumping hut indilforontly. Came- rino worked alone, David and Durao on tho grass canterod and spirtod. 6nWod- nesduy nftornoon Cupri, with a . stuhlo hoy up, and Lo Grand, with his pilot, O'Brion cantorcd onco round, and both got woli away from the Cup distanco, Tissue joining at tho last half milo. Capri passod tho post in front of Logrand by a load, but tho latlor was pulling two doiihlo, Tissue occupying third position! Don Quixote did a very good milo and a quarter gallop. 1 .... . Friday, Tho morning's work was oarly ovor, and nothing of a sensational character took- placo., Connelly, sont Angler and I'riondloss op 'j, tho ' sand useful workV Veritas' and Orlando on tho inner track woro cantering. Higmbotbam treated Capri and Logrand to a milo and nnartor nn Bin grass-a good working gallop— both striding tilodg at a good hat. Don Quixoto was given a round, galloping strongly. Tissuo gnd Eglinton woro strctchod for half a mile. Darojin's filly'; ' Umbra, Sid 8 eIot,- round. Gray's team workod well ; all slrodo along nt a good, paco, Gasalior being tho pick of the basket as far as condition wont. Yatoly got over a toilo and a distance alone ; tho gray looks 111 blooming condition, liatty also gavo Docoiver working oxcrciso on tho sand, and Umbcrto per- : formed oil tho grass. Junes appeared with Tho Bohemian, Violet and First Pop. Starling oppo site tho stand Violet holtod nnd wont through tho gate, which was open, subsoquontiy return- ing to Iho oo-.trso without having sustained' any injury. Tf.o tbroo then cantered on tilo grass. . Molodious wont a alow round. 'Rapid 'was givon a good gallop of a milo and n h ilf, hut ho was laboring at tho finish. Taml- -stickor,' with Mistake, wero trotting on tho sand. Grace Darling nnd Burra Burra canterod and spirted on tho grass.'- Tho Ghost, Spartan, Gildcroy, Canute and Tippity Witchott workod on Iho innor track. Kinglishor and Nuncio, on tho courso, tiotted arid cantorod, as also did Cupola.. Flcho, the Tastnanian stecplochasor, was doing walking oxerciso. Davis trotted David, Dargo, Ditto and Camerino, and rattlod homo tho last half milo, ' On Thursday afternoon, King on Hazard, and Balty-on Ontario, wont two rounds over tho hnrdlos, Ontario jumping splendidly, Hazard' hoing.-nllowcd to lead at tho finish. Yately cantorod two rounds, spirting and canter- ing another round. ' 