THE EXPOSURE AT VIENNA. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Permit me to express my satisfaction and full confirmation on ' German's' asser tion thab ghosts have been seen, and he is quite welcome to place me under any of his selected parties distinguished for the capacity of testifying to the fact, since all those without exception who sifted these phenomena to the bottom— and the most eminent philosophers as v/ell as the most renowned conjurors are among them— came and come to the same conclusion, viz., the reality of these 'miracles,' if we will so call them. Imagination gets its morsel in this transaction of investigation neverthe less, and fast believers and equally hasty sceptics carry plenty of it home as a rule. If the Vienna exposure (of what?) will indeed land the Btigma of imposture on the medium after being fairly sifted, our mind or spirit given 'German' ought to know that a coun terfeit does not argue away the genuine— a base coin cannot condemn the Royal Mint, Theresultspf modern psychology, thescience proper evolving from all these, for shallow minds confusing little games of occult and unexplored nature, point to a sharp distinc tion between mind and spirit in men, which difference, however, my opponent seems not yet to realize. As we wipe our boots before entering a drawing-room, bo we must part with materialistic rot before mounting the platform of spirit. ' Matter is the bearer of all mental power, of all human and earthly greatness,' says our matter - inspired 'German.' Just 80, the bearer, but not the originator, as little aa the letter carrier is the writer. His phrase ought to be fixed in golden letters on the top of the Matterhorn, and read by those who are up to it I, and all honest investi gators, would feel greatly indebted to 'Ger- man' if he could quote any sentence on fraudulent mediums which cpuld stand the test of thorough sifting in spite of my firm belief that fraud, tricks (in words and deeds), and shams are buBy in everything ccming in contact w»th human hands, consequently also in attempts to explain a mighty problem. 1# trouble myself not much about the imita tions or exposure-tricks, but go in for and with the genuine, and hope to meet my oppo nent at least on one common ground— that of sincerity. That workers for a new light are held ae of unsound mind is an old story, and I trap myself willingly intothe hands of my antagonist by naively admitting that one of the parties, either the believer or sceptic, is indeed a fool. I At a dinner party nobody knew that she was a member of the Central Association of Spiritualists (with Professor Ledwick as President), but Borne fast wit remarked that all these members were mad ; to which onr lady promptly quoted Socrates : — ' Wise men call ns clever; fools call us mad.' I am, Sir, &c;, C. REIMERS. 