A CASTLE LS SPAIN. CHAPTER XLVII. > HOW LOrEZ INVITES HARRY TO T1IE WBDDINO, . AND HOW HAnRY MAKES A DISTURBANCE. On tfce following day the prisoners wore roused i at dawn. First of all, Ashby was taken to the j room iu -which the marriage ceremony was to be j performed, which wss the same room where tho : Russell party nad ueen conhmxi. Half a dozen soldiers came for him, and went 1 hrough the solemn mockery of treating bim n9 an invited guest. He had scarcely arrived when ITa-ry also reached the place. A special invitation from Lopez to be pro- ! sent at n wedding had attracted bim, and filled ! him with wonder and curiosity. His anxiety about Katie and his longing to see ho,- wore as strong as ever, and the effect of t .eso feelings was mani fest in his pale face and n«i fated manner ; but his desire to please Lopez and reta u his good-will had drawn him here to be a spwita'or, though his ab stracted air showed that ii -s thoughts were else where. Thus, silent and reorenpiod, Harry stood -apart; and Ashby, mind rul of their recent hostile meeting, kept to himsel', and made no motion to ward holding any commun: cation whatever. As they stcod thus, a third comer appeared upon the scene. This was Russell, He still wore his woman's dress, having a vague idea that it might prove of service in some new attempt to cscips, though quite unable to imagine .my way in which such escape could be possible. Harry,- attracted by this Singular figure, looked at him, and recognised him at once, and the effect i pon bim was so strong that in spite of his melancholy he burst into a roar of laughter. Russell thifi threw "towards him a piteous look of appeal, and then approached him in search after sympathy. Tho two were soon engaged in con versation, while Ashby, whom this ludicrous figure had very forcibly affected, stood aloof, watching him with a smile on his face which he wa; usable to repress. The unhappy RneseU, full of horror at-the pros pect beforo him, still clung to some vagaa and un defined hope3 that at the verv lHt moment some change might intervene to prevent the terrible tragedy of a marriage with Rita. Ths appearance of Harry seems d a good omen. He hailed it as snch, and had an angel app-ared the sight could scarcely have afforded more joy to the virtuous Bnieell than that which he fait at tho sight of Harry. "While tbese two were conversing, Brooke ap pealed, followed by T-lbot. Harry's back wis tumid to the door, eo that ho did not sea Talbot, and Talbot did not fee his mce. But even if Harry's face had been full before h»r she woald not have seen it. with a slo Btpp, a f»c« pale as marble, and eyes fixed on the floor, deep in thcughts which were far, far removed from this room and its surroundings, Talbot entered, fol lowing Brooke, who was ai blind to the assem bled company and as deeply preoccupied as her- jelf. "VVliilc Harry wan talking with Russell he throw a Casual glance around', nncl caught the outline of Talbot's figure. He saw — what? Only the priest, as he thought. It was enough for him. A mere priest was a profoundly uninteresting personage. His eye saw no deeper than the exrernal dress, and he went on talking with ussell. Two or three more soldi rsnow came in, until at length there weto about a >dozon. All the other soldiers were outside. At any other time this un usual ceremony would have attracted a few idlo gazers, hut just now all ih-.- rest of the men were intent upon the important business of break fast, which was just being ladled out to each from 'a huge wuldrpp. IjQiy Eiifi to toed, and with 'her oame Katie, leaning feebly on her arm. Lopez followsd. At the sight of these two women Russell and Harry stopped their convex-ration abruptly. For -each one the sight was an overwhelming.sensation. To Russell it was as though his last hour had some. Here was hiB persecutor, his tormentor, who was resolved to marry bim whether he would wr not. He had confided his grief to Haxry, hut had been unable to obtain from him any satiafao- Jorv advice. What should be do f He could not Bay ; he could not even thmk. Oould ho dare to ay " No," when Lepez and Rita and the priest aid all the soldiers expected " Yes"? Could ho faae the awful result of dirobedienco to Lopez, of defiance to Rita. His whole naturo shrank back in terror from tha thought, and prompted him, in this dire emergency, of two evils to choose the least. To Harry, also, the sight of Katie was equally overwhelming. He was struck dumb. He Btood rooted to the spot, while wonder, suspicion, and fe»r all struggled together within him. What w»s the meaning of all this P A marriage 7 —a marriage of this Spanish captain 7 With whom? Who wss the bride? What was Katie doing here 1 And why was Katie coming here in such a manner, with downcast oyes, death- pale face, and drooping, trembling figure, scarce able lo walk, and leaning so heavily upon tho arm of this Spanish woman? Such were the questions which Harry, in his bewilderment, asked himself, and could not answer, To see Katie thus was like ihe stroke of a thunder-bod, and be was dnmb with wonder. She came with no word, no smile, no look for him ; she came like a helpless victim destined for the sacrifice. Ashby also saw all of this. He had f--lt already Hie extremesk bitterness towards Katie, yet tha sight of her now was powerful enough to awaken within him the deepcBt pity. What was the moan ing of this? Was Katie the bride? Was she about to marry Loptz? W-s this the revenge whicli Lopez had planned ? It was manifestly so ; and yet why had Katie consented! Hecouldnot xnderstand it. It seemed like a froth proof of her frivolity and falsity; and at such an exhibition h felt bewildered. She had been false to him for the sake of Rivers ; was she also falss to Rivers jot the sake of Lopez ? Harry felt an almost irrepressible Impulse to Spring forward and greet her, but something there was in her look whieh deterred him. It was her face of despair, her attitude of utter weakness and vroetratioa, her downcast eyes, her averted look. Jle could not move ; he was pe rifled. There oame over bim something like a feeling of horror. He Bhuddered at the sight. All h s thonghts and all his soul were fixed on her, while he kept asking himself : What is this ? What doeB it mean ? A marriage ? And is this the bride —Katie ? Meanwhile Lopez had taken np a position at the upper end ol the room, and looking around with a sarcastic smile, began to make a few re marks. " Senores," said he, " I have done myself the honour of requesting your coir pany on this ocoa- Biou, so as to have your piesenc- on the happiest moment of my life, on the joyful moment when I am to be united in the holy b >nds of matrimony ft one whom I have long loved, and' whom I have at won by rescuing her fiom a fearful peril. 3 shall expect yonr warmest congratulations ; but, however warm they muy be, thoy oannot ba adequate to tho occasion that nal s them forth." At this, speseh Ilairy stood transfixed. Then his whole nature and aspect ohnnged Instantly and utterly. His face grew death-white, there Slowed a burning spot on each che?k, and his ayes, as ho starod at Lopez, blazed with the fury of a madman. "Scnor," said ho, feverishly, and in a loud Toice, " who is tha lady 7" Lopez smiled scornfully, and took Katie's oold hand in his. " This," said be, "is the lady — my chosen bride." Scarce woe the action oon-i, scarce were the Words s poteen, when Harry's h»nd, quick a-i lightning, had plunged into his breast pocket and matched forth a revolver. Iu un instant it was levelled. Lopez saw the act, and with great pre- Btnoe' of mind dropped Katie's hand and flang himself flat on the fioor. At the same instant two shots In immediate tmcoessien came from Harry's revolver. In aaothor instant Lopez was on his feet, and had bounded against his assailant. A fierce struggle followed. Henry hurled Lopez to the floor ; but the soldiers lushed up, and those wi'.hout, hearing tha noise, hurried in. All was the wildest confusion, in the midst of which was Harry Bt'Uggling like a wild bpast with overpowering numbers. He was at Itexgth held fast by tbe fierco soldiers, who wished lo kill him on the spot, but were restrained by Lopez, ' I'Tie his hands behind him," ho oried, in a loud "voice, " and leave him here. Don't hurt him. It's nothing at all. It's all a mistake." But amidst tbe orowd of th<>so who rashod upon Harry, Katie, with a wild soream, bad flung her If, and as now retreated a i tho command of their leader, She caught her prostrate lover in her -arms and fainted. Lopez dragged h.-r away Tudely. Harry, with hie hands tied behind him, xosq up, and looked all around in desoair. Amidst that wild uproar, Talbot had been loosed from her deep abs'raciion. She lo 'ked up," find as the btruggle mbsided sheaaw r sing full be- fore her out of the crowd of combatants the face I of Harry Rivers. She recognised it, and th«ra came over her heart a cold shudder, followed by a I dark despair, in comparison with which her Late troubles now seemed trivial. | For this was Harry Rivers, the man for whore . sake she had come to Spain 1 | CHAPTER XLYIII. : how lopez intite3 thb prihst to marry him, and how thb priest makes a DISTURBANeB. All was wild confusion. Katie bad fainted, and Rita was endeavouring to bring her back to consciousness. Russell stood amazed and bewildered. His c'aicf Tear now was one of being implicated in this mad outbreak of Rivers, who had b-en his companion in the train and in the castle, and might be taken as his confi dant. Talbot stood staring at Harry in wonder and in dark perplexity. Harry, however, saw her not, but thought only of Katie, whom he had faded to save. Struggles were now useless. He could only fall btck in despair. Brooke noticed a new expression on Talbot's face, and marvelled, but thonght it merely a rot from natuial wonder or natural sympathy with this unhappy man, who by his madnoss had-rushed upon bis doom. Ashby meanwhile stood calm. Ho saw and understood the act of Harry and Katie. He wop.-, dercd somewhat to find that their acquaintance !- had gone so far. He knew tbat both had bten | false to him, but bad no idea that either had grown to feel such paisionate love for tho other. And ! thfxn 9S1PS PY'I IlilS S pfiA'iRg feeling of jealous f anger, logr'tLer teith A fialural indignation at tho j baseness of these two — the QUO his 19T®; thejothor ! his friend — who had both beirayed him. So he looked with cold complacency upon tholr woes, and thought that they were both receiving suah severe xcmbulioo that he hid no need for further revenge. Lopez, hiTing seen that Harry's hands were firmly bound, turned to Katin, wbo at length came to her senses, and looked around with a htxdder. Ho was anxious to sooths her, so as to finish tbo ceremony. " Be oalm," h said, in a low whitper, " for ' his 1 sake. He may even yet bt saved — I swear it. It yoa perform your promise, I will forgive him. As you value your life control yourself. If theeo men understand now it is, tnoy win xiu nun on tne spot." At tbese words Katie shuddered tha more, and with a violent effort attained to something like aalmness. Sho then stood np, more-tremulous and weaker than ever, and stood thus, leaning upon Rita, without daring to encounter Harry's look, " The ceremony shall go on," said Loptz aloud. " This fool's- lay Bhall not Btop it." " Keep c»lm,' he whispered to Katie. " His life now depends on you altogether." Harry still stood there, with soldien around him, his herds hound, his face bloodless, bat with the eyes cf a madman. " Senor," said Lopez, coolly, "I hd no ide that jou were a lunatic. Yoa must submit to tem porary restraint." Harry made no reply. He looked all around, as though trying to Bee if there might bo any sign of sympathy in the faces of the others, as though seeking in his despair for some faint ray of hope. He saw the cool sneer of Ashby ; ho eaw the fierce frown of Lopez ; he saw the trembling figure of Russell : be saw tho anxious lace of Brooke ; and then, last of all, be saw — Talbot 1 This was tbe first time that he had got a sight of her face. In tbat iEStant, in Bpito of her dis- guire, thire came in one flash the reovgnition of tbo wh.pl# truth. He saw that she had been lost- La j teeh 6aplhr«d=-hWl pot 93 W 4EfT!is?; AS this discovery there followed within hied Hoiking less than a complsto paralysis of thought and feeling. In the shock of his sudden amazement hs could only ejaculate, In half .audible tones, tho one word — " Sydney I " Lopez heard thia, but did not underetand it. He wondered why Harry should exhibit such emotions at the eight of the priest, but hastily ooneluded tbat it wag some more of his wild and tns≠ ex citement over this marriage ceremony, Brooke heard it, and stored in bewilderment first at one and then at the other. Talbot Btood ai before. She moTod not, Bho spoke nor, she was eolid and stiff, like a statue of iee ; hut there wss in her face a new horror — it was the face of one who seen a ghost. To both of thsee it was s terrible moment. For Talbot saw Harry, and Harry saw Talbot, and each recognised the other fslly, though neither ventured to address the other. This, then, w»s the meeting of these two who bad once loved and exchanged vows ; who had suffered and rejoiced together ; who bad parted in sorrow, and looked forward to a reunion with joy ; who bat a short time since bad desired nothing so much as the sight of each other — this was their mooting, and thus it took place, at the very climax of that new and moro passionate love which had been con ceived by each for another I Hsd Harry only recognised bor a few minutes before, the light would have effectually chilled his hot blood, and saved jxlm from his mad assault on Lopez. He was calm enough now, however, and this was qnite sufficient for the latter, " Senor," said he, " you deservo to ba shot on the spot without mercy, but out of regard for this lady, and at her solicitation I sparo you. And now, Senor Priest, let the ceremony begin, for this lady seems feeble." Lopez waited, expecting Brooke to translate this to Talbot. Brooke hesitated. Lopea, in surprise, repeated hla words. " Why do you not interpret P" he added. It was tho crisis of Talbot's fate. How oould Brooke decide? "Why should he interpret at all J Should he do this t No ; better draff upon him self the wrath of Lopez. And yet what Could he accomplish by a refusal to interpret? These oiher prisoners could act. Thoy understood Spanish as well as English. Snch were the _ questions in Brooke's mind, and he oould not decide. Suddenly the decision on this matter was token away altogethor, and assumed by Tslbot herself. Sbs wou'a not let the vengeful wrath of Lopez fall on Brooke, or any other than herself. She understood his feelings fully, and therefore, to pat an end to all suspense, she took the matter in her own bands. She thereupon oame close up to Lopez, and fixed her large, dark, solemn eyes sternly yet mourn fully upon his. Her face bore witness to a resolu tion that was immutable. Lopez could read its expression, and see all that was in her mind. She pointed to Kstie, then to herself, and then to him. Tben looking fixedly at hira, she shook her hesd violently and with emphtsis, and then hurled the breviary upon the floor. The act and the expression were moro olcqnent than words. Lopez understood all perfectly. His eyes flashed i with just indignation, and a savage smile came over htg face. "Oh, Senor P/Kht," said ho; "so you think that, btKianse I have once or twice restrained my auger, I can bo let at defiance with Impunity ? I am tired of being magnanimous ; bo let me tell you vhat I will show no meroy now. You must go om I will allowof.no hesitation. Tell him thqt," he added, to Brooke. " He lays," said Brooke, " that you must obey." Talbot scarcely heard this, Bhe never moved her eyes from Lopez ; she simply shook her head, with her Immutable risolve as visible as ever. Lopez could see that the priest, for some motive or other, was bent on self-seerifice. He took out his watch. " 111 allow five minutes," said ha, " for decision. If at the end of bat time you refuse, I will blow out your brains with my own hand. Tell i him that." " Senor Captain,'.' said Brooke, impetuously," let , me »ay one word." \- " Translate for me, I say I" ' " One word first," ' " Not one— obey me I" cried Lopez, in fury. " Senor Captain," said Brooke, not heeding him, " this is a priest, It is a matter of cod- ' science." " Silence," roared Lopez. " Tell him what I ' Baid. His time will soon be up t" Brooke turned to Talbot. " He'll only give yon five minutes, Talbot," said he. " I'll try to diisuade hira." ' " No use, Brooke," said Talbot, mournfully. " I oame prepared for this," , Brooke turned again to Lopez. " The priest Bays that his vow forb'd him to ; blaspheme the holy saerament of marriage in this iway. Hs says he will die rattier than risk his soul by an act of sacrilege." "A curse on blseoull" cried Lopez. " What do I care?" "Look out for your own soul I" oried Brooke. " " Aha 1 are you too a priest ? Beware, sir I your life is already in peril." i At this moment Harry cried out in a lou < j voice : " Stop, Captain Lopei — stop, for God's sake I This is a mistake — terrible mistake." Lopez turned xound in a fury. " Gag that devil I" be roared. In a moment tno soldiers had Beized Harry, and bound a bandage over his mouth, by which they effectually stopped any further remarks. The lat chance yet remained which Brooke might seize for Talbot — it was to divulge her secret and tell about her dhgutee. To divulge it to this enraged and furious chieftain might now only render him ten times moro furious and vengeful ; it might only aggravate the doom qf the prisoner; but the risk must be run. " Stop i" cried Brooke, " Senor Captain, listen. It's a mistake — She is — " "Silence," roaxed Lopez, "or I'll blow your brains out I" " Senor, this priest is not — " " Seize this fellow," yelled Lopez. "Bind, lum I - Gag him 1" " Several of tho men sprang toward Bqke who struggled madly, Bhouting at the sum 'time words which soon were drowned in thq Uproar that fol lowed. Lopez now snatched, a xilie from one of his men. Katie gave n load ECivam ; Russell fell on his knees ; Asnby shuddered. Lopez toojk deadly aim at Talbot. 11 Your lime is up I" he said, coolly. Talbot stoiid motionless with a face of marble and an altitude perfectly rigid ; not a nerve qui vered as sho looked into tho muzzle of the rifle, but her lips moved as if she wes murmurring a prayer. to be continued. . " 