[?] CHAETEB, XVJL^CoNTmtnED). ' What you. insinuate, is base and false, Mis. Grey,' she said, .haughtily ; ' ha is my affianoed Husband. Oh ?-? Madge, Madge, how could you think this of me ' ami then the welling tears of shame, mortiftoaiion, and unjust reproach over came her ; and turning to MajorCatherwood she hid her burning brow on his protecting breast. ' Come, come, then child, put an end to this tmseemly conduct j you shock ray nerves, Made line. These exhibitions of love and constancy, after a quiet, clandestinewooing, are by no means the likeliest means of banishing doubt. Major Catherwood, will you release that girl, or shall I caU. my husband ?' ' I am at a loss to conceive, Mrs. Grey, why yon Venture to interfere eo dictatorially between this ^3-uig:lady and myself ; it is true she is at present tunder your charge., and for that reason I shall now resign her to your care ; but to.give publicity to-such a scene as this would be a simple ab surdity. You forget the foolish part you play ;yourself. Miss Barrett and I thoroughly tinder stand each, other now, so call your precious hus band if you wilL' This surely was a cold acknowledgment, a lame assertion of his right to fling back the foul asper sion implied by Mrs. Grey's words and manner ; and so poor Madeline felt itj and once more dis engp-ging herself from her lover, she moved awuy. '' I am quite Teady to accompany you, Mrs. Grey, and to Mrs. Barrett alone shall I offer any further explanation of my conduct. Fare well for the present/ she continued, turning to the Major, ' you also will, I tnow, hasten to my Lome and clear me xif this lady's cruel surmise.' 'She passed out slowly and with dignified mien, but she hesitated nervously on the threshold; then, ?with, altered impulse, ehe sought the liver bank, where had assembled Miss Hietland, Miss Fahey, Mr. Grey, and other gentlemen of the party, fhe. latter having already taken leave of their friends. Mra. Grey, 'followed by Major Catherwood, almost imme diately joined the group, aprl then, after the interchange of profuse court-erAes with the super intendent who had bo thoughtfully befriended them in their distress, the four ladies and Mr. Grey embarked for Georgetown, but not before iirs. Grey had taken Madeline aside to beg her forgiveness and to pronvise silence. Madeline, however, received her -apology with naughty reserve, and returned no thanks for the insincere congratulation^ ?with ^jich Mrs. Grey wound up the hasty acknowledgment of. her mistaken ^jealousy. ' Whit in the name pf wonder is the iaatter with 'you, Catherwood ? ' .remarked Dr. Whitmore to his friend, on returning* from the wharf. ' You're as pale as Hagulgt's ghost, and shake like that old gentleman's warning hand. Has that little she-devi), \\-een tampering with your latest ebjct d'amour ? I -was so glad, old fellow, to see you straying;'S9 far from my preserve. Come, rouse yoursyjf', Catherwood, is it Yellow Jack coming on *,gain ? or am I to believe that the .pale beauty Toas won your heart in real earnest ?' ? Bosh ! T Whitmore, fellows like you and I are 'Hot in possession of such anatomical corruptions ; but, by J-pve, I fancy I was too earnest by half for once., and the exertion has wearied me. I suppose, my boy, you. have made it all right with J ulianFu this time, eh ? And I am in for it myself, it seer.iis/ he muttered angrily, as he entered his own 'room, slamming the door behind him, ? in the character, too, of a successful rival to that BCOT.pion, Seagrave ; but, Madeline, what could ehfj have meant? Who can she be? not the Barrett's child, and I have booked myself for an ^explanation and the rest of it— d- — d ridicu ious r CHAPTER XVIII. DEFAMATION. ^ The deplorable disaster on the JMassarooni had foeen heralded in Georgetown with that usual degree of semi- satisfaction which gives zest to the ftnost terrible misfortunes when the narrators of (them are also the escaped. ; Quite a haio of glory rested on each individual jbf the excursionists, as the hundred and one tales tof thrilling interest, based upon the mournful S'acts of the catastrophe, were repeated and mag ;jiified in solemn conclave, or were freely com fznented upon in the local press. Jack Burke jf ound himself the cynosure of all eyes and the Itheme of envious tongues. His exploit was, how 'ever, elevated by a special clique into the sub iimer sphere of a romantic episode, in which [motive and action were made to jump in the same direction with surprising accord and agility, fctrange rumours of an undue regard on his part lor the attorney's wife, passed from mouth to mouth. His repeated dancing with her at the fball was remembered, and his marked atten jtion to her on board the excursion steamer was |not overlooked: Chance expressions of admiration (had been overheard, and. these were cleverly jconstrued into hushed avowals of a tenderer feel ling. Even the straying away of Major Catherwood jmth the charming little lady (although the fact ;did not disturb their general judgment on her reputation) was only commented on as another Ilink in the chain of circumstantial evidence, for Iliad not young Burke pursued the erra'tic couple ?with persistent, and even jealous rapidity ? The lady's rescue at Castabar was then merely the ?ultimate climax of his temerity, and proof sub stantial of his undisguised affection. Mr. Grey \ras much to blame to permit it all ; but he was lelso much to be pitied. Thus prated the censorioue. 'Why people eliould have taken pains to trace cause and effect was, however flattering the reflection, an ?unpleasant one when young Burke came to learn Ithe story in circulation ; yet he did not totally disregard the scandal, nor allow the tongues to wag as they willed, for, at first in violent defence 'of his own conduct, and then in justice to the lady's reputation, he battled manfully for Mrs. Grey's gooi name. Bat even more extraordinary ?and condemnatory than the conduct of Mr. Burke and Mrs. Grey, was that of a couple who, it was icynically remarked, had not even the excuse of iyouth and good looks to plead in justification of 'their frivolity. Dr. Fitzjames had, it was con tended, merely feigned illness in order to be at tended by Mrs. Elrington, whose strangely sud -den attachment to this ancient lady-killer was a Bcandal of a most appalling type. Had she not remained for days together shut np with the so -called invalid, and had. they not returned all alone ?to Georgetown.?- What could be plainer ? What ?could be more shocking ? Poor Colonel Elrington ?was hourly assailed by the poisoned inainua jtkrasof anxious inquisitors, and was rashly ?driven \ix- disagreeable misgivings and reflections, which tfound vent at length in an unusual domestic (explosion. *Eeally,-Mab/ he complained mournfully, 'I jfeel hurt, to say the least of it, that yon should (So expose yourself to the ribaldry and malignity jof Georgetown gossipere for the sake of Dr. Fitz james. You remained to nurse him, I admit, [with my free will and sanction ; but I did not toean you to bury yourself in his bedroom, as I {have been purposely informed yon did, until the moment when yon. embarked together in a tent boat for a journey of a nighf s duration j and ?ever since your return you Save been constantly in each other's society. I really shall have to forbid him the hodseif this goes on. What does jit all mean ? I'm mizzled to think what yon see, fin the poor little man. It may be your charity — St may be your good nature ; but, in all our mar ried life, Mab, yon never exhibited ouch inex plicable infatuation/ 'Geoffrey! is 'it possible you have joined tho Jrecreant ranks of ihese miserable backbiters ?' ftoe returned bitterly. 'Pp jon intend delibe rately to cast unworthy doubts on the action of the partner of your life for a quarter of a een tnry P I cannot believe it of yon, Geoffrey j nor ehall I dUinean my sense of propriety by there tnotest inkling of an explanation until you with draw your improper remarks and uncivil threat about Dr. Fitzjames, The colonel was maoh moved tjy tbJs decided tone of iniueed innocence, and »t oace and Unequivocally yielded to. his wife's demands, Bhe then, in twro, ?oafessed i rankljr t-fcat tfbere had arisen between tor and the doctor *naccl-, denw.1 bond of Pjxicfr,* ^jrwpathyjof. «nja»enti knd fact, which, would, no doubt, be shared wain | ^r husband in jdue course. , . J now, Mab/ he urged ; 'let me stand behind the scenes with yon and all will he right/ ' 'I cannoti-T-2 dare not, at least not just. yet 5 believe me, it- is -equally painful for me to keep yon in the dark ; but,fortne present, I am bound to do ho. Dr. Fitzjames talks, of returning to England by- thet next mail ; perhaps he Trill then release rue from my promise/ So matters atood between this good couple,, and it was not the least effect of the mischief wrought in many a household throughout the. city by the venom of busybodies. Mrs. Barton was especially severe in her criticisms, and they were all the more caustic and clever when she found a-ready: and unexpected listener-in Mr. Atortimer. Whit lington, who at length had insinuated himself into the good graces of the colonial world, and presented, himself here, there, and everywhere, in his efforts to please, however much he disap proved the details of its vain gpesip. When, therefore, the Greys and the three yonng ladies reached Georgetown, their very appearance raised quite a hornet's nest about their ears. The lat-. tor especially came in for their share of sly obloquy. Miss Fahey's culinary skill, people eaid, had been confined strictly to the wants and sislies of Captain de Lassalle, -who, it now was stated, had magnanimously proposed to the young lady as he lay helpless and half drowned in her arms on the night of the accident. Mies ' Pesti lence ' might, therefore, be justified in her par tiality; but where were the overt acts or words of honourable intentions on the part of Dr. Whit more which could shield Miss Hietland's fair fame ? ' That girl's conduct is something too terrible to contemplate ; we can no longer asso ciate with her/ was accordingly the verdict of the Georgetown feminine tribunal, and the al ready half -closed doors of society were from that moment shut fast against her. As for Madeline Barrett, it was universally thought a pity that she should have formed, such extraordinary-acquaintances as she appeared to have made on the trip ; and they could only re gard her remaining behind, with Miss Hietland and Miss Fahey, to nurse the patients, as some flighty caprice, very wrong and decidedly un worthy of her. Of course, Captain Seajjrave's marked attentions to her at the first halting place had been duly chronicled and discussed ; but levity of behaviour on that occasion, or any other, they could not ascribe to Madeline. On the contrary, she had exhibited uniform impar tiality- throughout the excursion, and so they were lost in perplexity and left the matter in doubt. But, whatever else might be surmised,, it was clearly improper, if not indelicate be haviour on the part of each and all of the young ladies, to have remained at the settlement under the circumstances. Professsional nurses could readily have been engaged ; no excuse could on this score be pleaded in extenuation; nor had Mrs. Grey needed their presence, although, no doubt, she was wicked enough to have encouraged their misdemeanours. What else, indeed, could be expected from a woman who. had coquetted alike with Major Catherwood and Mr. Burke under the very nose of her deluded husband ? To Mis3 Hietland or Miss Fahey, and even to Madeline, who courted abuse of this nature, such a reception mattered little ; but, as affecting the Greys, the shower of vituperation that fell in soft and imperceptible flakes over the city, shrouding friends from view, was of real social and more personal consequence: At Government House, -whither, on certain evenings, flocked the fashion ables of the places, the Greys were not invited to present' themselves, and for a few weeks they had to be content to remain perdu and live down whispered calumnies which they found impossible to meet -with a direct denial. But to effect this desirable object, Mrs. Grey persisted in taking her own method and manner, inasmuch as Jack Burke, to hia very serious detriment, was in stalled as her inseparable attendant on her move ments out of doors ; while the Barretts, the El ringtons, Dr. Fitzjames, and even Mies Hietland and Miss Fahey were made frequent guests at both their town and country houses. Mrs. Bai rett had, of course, been duly initiated by Made line into the mystery of her engagement with Major Catherwood ; but, as that gentleman had not yet considered it expedient to return to Georgetown to claim her before the world, so also for the present was the knowledge confined to themselves. Enmonr, on fleet wings, had, as may be sup posed, informed the major of passing events, and for the nonce he had considered it a prudent course to steer clear of awkward explanations by extending his travels indefinitely throughout the interior, a plan in which his friend Whitmore entirely coincided, as he, too, was far from anxious to carry out the sly promises he had made to Juliana of a speedy consummation of their bliss. Mr. Grey was, of course, little affected per sonally by the idle stories that floated on the surface of all conversation, but went about his business in crisping shoes, smiling blandly at the most aggravating innuendoes, and ever on the watch to improve his status with the influential and the wise. His ambition soared higher than ever, yet there seemed no immediate prospect of bettering his position. His official work among mouldering records was depressing and uncon genial. His tastes and capabilities lay in a more active, more deceptive mode of existence. Why, too, should he fill a subordinate post when the higher prizes of place fell to men of far inferior mental grasp and administrative ability ? Hia official salary might satisfy the wants of a less lavish household ; but he had to provide for two households now, and both on an extravagant scale, for Eliza Barton had not only levied black mail on him, owing to his indiscreet disclosure of tne sale or uiedstanes, out, wniie demanding ad ditional share of the proceeds lately, she had re newed a threat of communicating the awful secret to his wife, with more terrible significance now when, as he was well aware, she had come to detest Madge cordially. There was, too,- another disquieting cause in his domestic expenditure, arising from the fact that his wife was beginning to exhibit a mania for jewellery, a taste which could not be well gratified, except at great ex pense ; while her extravagance in dress had from the first been a severe drain upon his purse. All this, and more, led George Grey to plot and plan and look around for some field of enterprise worthy of his genius ; nor was the occasion long wanting for the man. Sir Henry Dopping was about this time de sirous of signalising Mb reign in some startling and peculiarly memorable manner, by. way of legacy to the colony on completion of his term of j offiee. An impervious sea-wall, to protect the. city against incursions of the ocean, had gained a lasting renown for one predecessor in the eyes of the innnicipal authorities; so also had the appointment of an immigration agent, to super vise the influx of foreign labourers, caught the appreciative vote of the subject classes; while a third governor had earned a fleeting popularity with the planting interest, and enhanced the euc cess of his official career by conniving at the oppression of these same coolie and Chinese immi grants. But none such one-sided modes of earn ing colonial gratitu ?' j seemed worthy of Sir Henry's adoption. His Excellency was desirous 01 associating 01s name wita an eumipriBe aneci ing the well-being of all classes, something direct and tangible, the more widespread the under taking the better for his purpose. While ruminating over ?this pet project, Sir Henry determined to take Mr. Barrett into his confidence ; and the latter, in turn, very natu rally consulted his clever Mend, George Grey, on the point, before committing himself to any pro posal. At Mr. Grey's suggestion, the roc-tor asKed for a few days to deliberate on so momen tous an. issue ; and, during 1Mb short period, the wily attorney contrived to draw up, for submis sion, an elaborate fi««n«i«.1 scheme to benefit the many at the expense of the few, the feasibility «f which would rest solely with the governor, and the disinterestedness of those who would be in duced to join as promoters of the company. .It was pointed out that Mr. Barrett's clerical duties must have made M'» acquainted with the. circum stances of a class almost indigenous to the country, who, not absolutely reduced to jxwerty or starvation at any lime, were yet in an exiguous position at many periods. In this stratum of the community Mr. Grey included -squatters, or culti vators of freehold patches -tf grounoV^reehold, that is, lay right of jpccupa&m-;— ?*o jproduee a little sugar, a KtJjfi cogoe, a-.jlifl&e; &$im, *&&fe; of ev«ryfcfciftss b^mo^me^^- *^h S^eee might -aftso -fee ranked j»etty4rade6snen «cA4nff-i rior artisans.- . Still higher -in the scale, but still within the jwcesaitous olass referred to, were the.; junior clerks in stores and in government offices, s ? .i .? . . . themselves by any speculation yielding small hut safe profits. To say^notbin^ot struggling pro fessional men and needy proprietor* of small estates. - These were the. classes indicated as likely to be, advantageously approached by the contemplated' scheme— whioh would, in fact, be framed mainly to induce small retailers and pro ducers, to combine their efforts.for the common good. Mr. Grey'-s proposal was, in short, that: capital should be raised on shares .of such small amount-that-the meanest investor -might partici pate equally in the profits derivable- from the proper. managementof this extensive, nay, illimit able business, when the nature of the country and, the character of the. proposed joint-stock agency -company were taken into consideration. The rector -opened wide his eyes to take fully in the rose-coloured visions conjured up by his sanguine friend, as the hitter looked boldly and hopefully beyond the narrow circle at first com prehended, to that wider field of enterprise sug gested by an unlimited interior and a virgin soil contemplated on scientific principles out) of an exhaustless public purse. ' Three hogsheads to the acre, I- assure you, Barrett ! and how many acres, think you, lie be tween here and Borairaa ? Just multiply each of them by three, deduct working expenses, ship ping bills, warehousing and agency, and what is the result? Nothing short of the' revenue of a Golconda, man ; a couple of German principali ties could, be bought up with a fourth of our income ! The Rothschilds will envy us ; our transactions will control the money markets of Europe ! I, myself, see no end to our monetary powers and capabilities 1' ' At all events, Grey, there is much to recom mend itself in your proposal, aad I shall be happy to lay it before his Excellency this very hour. I am not a business man myself ; but at the first bluBh it_ seems both possible and sound. Good bye for the present. I shall let you know the result of my mission before night, and in any. case my obligations.i,o you for the trouble taken are very great. This is only one of many kind nesses received at your hands/ Notwithstanding its astounding features, the scheme, as a whole, found such favour with the governor, when Mr. Barrett, giving all credit to its author, had fully explained it, that his Excel lency at once summoned the court of policy to examine the plan in its entire bearings. Mr. Grey was accordingly invited officially to°attend ; and, having submitted the prospectus he had drawn up, the conditions were thoroughly dis cussed and approved. Supposing the practica bility of floating the undertaking, it was so far arranged that the governor -and council would act as trustees ; and the only question, in fact, that remained to be decided, was whom to propose as manager of the concern, a manager in whom the confidence of all classes would be placed im plieitly — one whom, from his social position and character, might be induced to assume the onerous duties disinterestedly, and out of pure philan thropy and patriotism. What, then, was more natural than tint the deviser of the company should be nominated as the fittest person in all respeots for the important office ; or, than that Mr. Grey, with becoming reluctance and well-feigned sympathy in the governor's project, should at once promise to accept a poBt which his subtle reasoning led him to think might be turned to good account ? As a first result, Mr. Grey was well pleased on his return home from the public buildings, where the meeting had been held^ to be gleefully greeted I by a card from Government House, handed to I him by bis wife, whereon the magic words, ' At I Home ' implied an official asssurance of their social reconcilement. {to be continued.) 