LOCAL AND GENERAL The Horsham Assize Court was opened by His Honor Mr. Justice Higinbotham, on Saturday last. There was only one case for hearing on the criminal side, namely, that in which two lads, Frank D'Alton (17) and Henry Dunne (15) were charged with having committed a rape on the person of Emily Ward Newton, on April 17th, at Jung Jung. The prisoners, who pleaded "not guilty," were defended by Mr. M'Dermott, instructed by Mr. DeCourey Ireland. There was no doubt that the prisoners had assaulted the prosecutrix, and the chief question left for the jury to consider was whether or not the girl had been a consenting party. A written statement had been made by the prisoner Dunne to the effect that she did consent, but neither judge nor jury believed the story, and a verdict of guilty of common assault was returned. In reply to the usual question as to whether prisoners had anything to say why sentence should not be passed, Dunne used as nearly as possible the same words which Morgan, the Panmure murderer, uttered just before he was sentenced to death by Mr. Justice H iginbotham a week pre- viously. Dunne said, "We have been found guilty on the evidence of a lot of tutored and trained witnesses." D'Alton simply said that he was innocent. His Honor read the prisoners a severe lesson for having attemp- ted to bring the prosecutrix in as as a con- senting party, and sentenced each of them to I8 months' imprisonment in Ararat gaol, three months to be spent in solitary con- finement. The hearing of the case occupied nearly twelve hours. A civil case, Joseph Fechler v. Edward Cregan for unlawful ejectment, was on the list, but, as it had been settled out of court, neither party appeared, and it was struck out. The court then adjourned sine die and His Honour left for Melbourne yesterday. The two lads, Frank D'Alton and Henry Dunne, who were on Saturday last convicted for an assault on Emily Ward Newton, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment in the Ararat gaol, were conveyed to Stawell yesterday by Constables Coffey and Humph- ries, and there handed over to other policemen, to be conveyed to the establish- ment in which they are to serve their sentence. The prisoner James Patterson, who had been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for being an habitual drunkard, was sent on by the same train. The boys D'Alton and Dunne appeared to take their sentence very easily, although their parents saw them both at the Police Station and at the railway station, and urged them, with tears in their eyes to "keep themselves straight" and steer in a clearer direction for the future. Dunne's father nod grandmother went on in the train to Ararat to see the last of him, WHEN giving a return of the total wheat consignments from the various railway stations in the district for the first four months of the year, we were unable to ap- pend the quantity consigned from the local station. By the courtesy of the station master (Mr Smith) we are now enabled to furnish it, viz., 55,600 bushels. Compared with the total (48,109 bushels) for the corresponding months of 1883, the figures show a substantial increase, indicating the prosperous season experienced by the farmers of the district. That much vexed question, the taking over of the water supply by the Horsham Corporation, would seem to be at last in a fair way towards settlement. Yesterday afternoon His Worship the Mayor and Crs" Young and Brake waited on Mr. Stuart Bolton, the shire secretary, as a deputation from the corporation, and after a somewhat protracted conference arranged to take over the waterscheme, the price they agreed to pay being the amount of the indebtedness which now exists in connection with the work. That amount is, as nearly as can be surmised, about £11,500. The corporation will now communicate with the Government on the subject, and it is hoped that there will be no more trouble in connection with the matter. The Stawell Assises concluded on Friday before Mr. Justice Higinbotham. Annie Bell, found guilty on the proceeding day of man- slaughter of her infant by starving it to death, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment in the Ararat goal. The prisoner felt her position keenly, and went into hysterics when the sentence was pronounced. The case against James Prout, aged sixteen, and John Liddicut, twenty,- charged with criminal assault on Virtue Best, aged twenty-one, was concluded. The prisoners were found guilty of assault with attempt to commit a rape. The jury recommended them to mercy on account of the prisoners' good character,' and the temptations to commit the assault, owing to the bad character of prosecutrix. It appears that a party of eight or ten youths were concerned in the assault, the prisoners effecting their purpose. After she had given information, Best wished to withdraw the case, and was offered money by the prisoners to do so. Mr Justice Higinbotham severely reprimanded a youth named John Martin who had been with the prosecutrix. The prisoners were each sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the Ararat goal; the first month in each year, and the last month, in solitary confinement. Mr. Thos. Young, auctioneer, announces that on Friday next the 23rd inst., he will hold a sale of Italian works of art in the building next door to his rooms in Wilson- street. The goods, which consist of a num- ber of statuettes and other articles of vertu have been specially imported from Italy by Signor Luigi Veroli, and are to be sold without reserve: They are well worth seeing, and should bring good prices when they are brought under the hammer. It may be mentioned that Signor Veroli is in the habit of holding a similar sale in different , parts of the colonies every year. A ?EEn?AL meeting of creditors in the : estate of Lachlan M'Intosh, bootmaker, will I be held at the Court House, Horsham, to- I morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. IT is notified in last week's "Gazette" that r a fourth and final dividend in the estate of r Alfred Robert Underwood and Richard Sorrell, of Lillimur, will be payable at the 1 office of the trustee, 46, Elizabeth- street, c Melbourne, on Thursday next. Lv accordance with a reciprocal arrange- I ment between the Horsham and furtoa branchesof the Australian Natives' Associa tion, for the deivery of alternate lectures by 1 the representative members, Mr Hagel- ' thorne (as deputy for Mr A. M'Donald, who a has left Horsham) will give a lecture on r "Dress and Fashion" before the iurtoa s branch to.-night. The lecture will be h be accompanied by magic lantern illustra tions, sketched by Mr George Bond, and of I which Mr Layh will have charge. MEETINGS of the Gospel Temperance Blue Ribbon Army were held at Mr. Williamson's,' Gymbowen, on Wednesday week, and at the Tooan state school on the following Tuesday. Songs, recitations, and readings were given by a few members of the army and enjoyable and profitable evenings spent. Eleven came forward at Mr Williamson's and nineteen at ` Tooan to don the blue. THrE only case called on for hearing at the Court of Petty Sessions on Friday last was one in which the plaintiff sought to recover a small debt from the defendant, but it had been settled oan of court and was, conse quently, struck out. AT the ordinary meeting of the Wimmera United Waterworks Trust to be held at the Shire Hall, Murton, at 1 p.m. to-day, some veay important business will have to be dealt with. r MR. DeCourey Ireland yesterday received a telegram from 3furtoa respecting the con- o dition of Mr George Bacechus, solicitor of that place, who has been dangerously ill of typhoid fever for some days past. The telegram states that Mr Bacchus is slightly better, but still very weak. Dr J. T. Garlick is attending the patient. Tne following additional accounts await payment at the sub-treasury :-T. A. Gar lick, G. Green, A. M'Lenn, H. M'Cann, W. H. Vowels, W. J. Crowther, and P. Ed monds. PILAYsx members of the Horsham Foot. ball Club are requested to turn up at practice c this week, arrangements having been made for the team to proceed to Stawell on 1 Saturday next, in order to try conclusiona with the local teamn. Accoantar to the "Clunes Guardian" a c man has been "raising the wind" by collect ing among the farmers at Coghill's Creek, a contribotions to promotean improved system r of immigration to this colony. Having t secured a number of contributions from a s guinea upwards, he has since disappeared, t and the contributors are now arriving at the conclusion that their money might have been more judiciously invested. The Smeaton Plains, some years ago, was I a very lively place, and the crops until the v land was exhausted, well paid the farmers t for their labors and outlay. Latterly, how- e ever, (says the "Creswick :Advertiser"), cropping was given over, and the land r devoted for the most part to gracing. This t year, however, the land having had a good n rest, eeveral of the farmers are again plough- . ing and putting in their crops, with the a prospect of good returns. Boric the temporary and permanent weirs v at Kinypaniel (says the " Bendigo Adver-. tiser") were totally washed away by the t recent floods down the Loddon, excepting the timber work, which still stands. The I catstrophe occurred between Monday night I and Tuesday morning, when the flood was I highest. The bank gave way on the western a side, which had been thought the most a secure. A heavy loss falls on Mr. Pallett, I the contractor, in consequence. Every pos- f siblo precoution seems to have been taken by I the workmen, but without avail. Soon after the mysterious disappearance from Melbourne of a young man named ` Robert Scott Gregory, the detective police were called upon to make enquiries (states the "Telegraph") and are now in possession, of particulars of some serious crimes which he committed prior to his disappearance. It will be recollected that a boat containing some of his clothing was found adrift at one of the water-side suburbs. The police are satisfied now that this was only a ruse to delay pursuit, Gregory knowing that some of his crimes must be discovered. At the time of his disappearance he was carrying on the business of a stock and station agent, but prior to that was an employe in a bank. He occasionally visited Horsham where his brother recently convicted of forgeries resided, and enquiry was made with a view of ascertaining whether he possibly has been concerned in the robbery from the bank, but nothing to confirm any suspicion which was entertained was learned. It has been discovered, however, that he committed forgeries almost as serious as those committed by his brother, and several warrants have been issued for his apprehension. One charges him with having forged the name of Mr. John Whitbourne, grazier, of Bairnsdale, to a bill of exchange for the sum of £170. It is also alleged that he improperly obtained a large sum from Mrs Hoffman, a relative, and a large sum from a resident, of Russell street, Collingwood. He is believed to have left the colonies altogether. Ferom a telegram in yesterday's " Argus" we learn that the Rev. J. H. L. Zillmann, whose relations with Bishop Thornton bare been considerably strained of late, announced to the congregation at Christ Church on Sunday morning that he had accepted a call to another sphere cf duty, and that he would terminate his ministry at Hamilton on fnn day week. It is understood that Mr Zillmann proceeds to Melbourne, to officiate at the Victoria-parade Independent Church. During the Carlton against South Mel bourne match on Saturday afternoon, two of the Southern players were placed hors de combat: Gates with a broken jaw, and Rosser with a badly sprained leg. Ar the meeting of the Wannonshire Council held on Wednesday last Councillor Mathieson gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the £5 penalties imposed upon the defendants in the late prosecutions under the Thistle Act be remittewd by the council. From the way in which the notice was received it is not likely that proposal will meet with much opposition, the members of the council generally agreeing that as the law was only put into effect in a somewhat hap-hazard manner, it is rather unfair to make a few offenders suffer while the great bulk of them escape scot free (writes the ",Coleraine Albion.") The Nova Scotia Legislation has extended the freedom of ???? elections to widows and unmarried women. AT the Stawell Assize Court some amusement was (the "News" remarks) occasioned during the hearing of the case against Thomas Willoughby for horse stealing. Constable Molyneaux, one of the witnesses, deposed that he had been told by the prisoner the horse was a "sooner:" On His Honor demanding an explanation as to the meaning of the term, the constable stated that a "sooner was a horse that would sooner stop than go. We imagine a large proportion of the equine race in this district are "sooners." IT will be satisfactory to learn, (says the '"Herald") that there is a probability still of clearing up the mystery surrounding the murder of Francis Beech, in his bed at Pettavel-on tlhe 21st of January Iast. The difficulty that the police had to face when they took the case in hand was the utter absence of motive, and until very recently the motive, although suggested, could not be followed up with any measure of success. When our special reporter visited the scene of; the murder, almost immediately after the deed was committed, the rumors about the deceased gave one the theory that the murder had been committed through revenge, the outcome of the birth of a child of which Beech was said to be the father. This the police would have worked upon had it not been for the ideas of a few people who could not be convinced that the inmates of the house were entirely innocent. The detectives who had charge of the affair were not allowed to work altogether on their own account, for the authorities directed them several times to take some action as regarded the people of the house, and with this view extra detectives- were despatched thither. However, they couldn't get what was impossible, and they refused to arrest the suspected person. When Captain Donegan turned np it certainly did look suspicious against him, and there was a degree of circumstantial evidence forthcoming which warranted his arrest and accusal of the murder. In the course of a few days something important will undoubtedly be brought to light, which will be the means of preventing the Crown Prosecutor, Mr J. T. T. Smith, from proceeding any further against Captain Donegan. THE Melbourne correspondent of the "Ararat Advertiser" writes :-" Another remarkable fulfilment of a dream has come under my notice. The wife of a well-known sporting writer dreamed that she saw a race at Caulfield won by a ghost, followed closely by a second disembodied spirit. Her husband, although not a superstitious man as a rule, has - as all turfites have more or less - a tinge of that failing in his composition. He accordingly looked down the card and at once spotted Phantom, on whom he placed a few pounds, a course followed by some of his friends to whom he related the dream, they getting on a neat sum at 5 to 1. The dream came off, for Phantom won the race." A curious contagious disease (says the " Age") has broken out amongst the cattle in the Bet Bet Valley, near Timor, and numbers of them have recently died from the effects of the disease. The inspector of stock has been communicated with by the Shire Council of Tullaroop with reference to the matter. The Bet Bet Shire councillors, in their capacity of managers of the common, are called upon to defend heavy and expensive litigation in the Supreme Court, at the suit of Thomas Sanderson, squatter, of Archdale, for alleged illegal impounding of a number of his sheep from the common at Moliagul. The managers are each individually responsible for the costs of the action, as a mandamus has been granted prohibiting them from using any of the funds of the shire council for the purpose of carrying on the defence. A strong ban (says the "Telegraph") has been retained on each:side. THE following is from the "S. E. Star": -" The case of Carter v. Whinham and M'Ellister has made the public acquainted with the details of the big wheat speculations into which the latter gentleman entered last year. Contrary to a general expectation this was not a profitable invest ment. It was supposed some months ago that Messrs Whinham and M'Ellister would make a pile of money over it. The latter stated in court that so far it had resulted in a loss of £14,000. They advanced £22,000 to farmers, who put in 44,000 acres with wheat, and were to be repaid by half the crops reaped. To look after their interests they had to employ a small army of 44 inspectors and a head inspector. The former were paid £4 4s per week, and the latter £300 a year, with expenses. £4600 was thus paid away. Mr Carter was one of those who took the assistance of 10s per acre. He admitted his liability to give up half his crop, but he disputed his liability for any share of the £4600 expenses incurred by Messrs Whinham and M'Ellister. The action was heard in the Local Court, which decided that several of the points at issue were for the Supreme Court to decide, and Mr Carter's right to recover the costs collected from him remains undecided." The trial of James Hawthorn, on a charge of murdering his brother at Brighton, has been postponed till the next Criminal Court in June. The reason for the postponement was that the prisoner's counsel has not yet had an opportunity of reading the depositions, which were voluminous. A Statement has been made to us which (says the " Warrnambool Independent"), if true, reflects most uncreditably on the persons implicated. It was stated by Henry Morgan, the Panmure murderer, that whilst he lay under commital in the Portand gaol, two detectives obtained an entrance to his cell, and remained there,with the presumable object of entrapping him into an admission. Morgan says that he complained to the gaoler, when the cause of the complaint was removed. If this is true, it demonstrates that a most cowardly and unfair method to obtain evidence from an accused man has been resorted to. Two of the land officers connected with the Western District have had the unusual experience of recommending blocks of land to notorious murderers. Mr. Charles Morgan, of Hamilton, recommended a selection to Francis Burns, who was executed for murder ing Quinlivan at Wickliffe. Mr W.H.Meakin, of the Melbourne Land Office, recommended a block of land on Mount Warrnambool to Henry Morgan,who was recently convicted of the murder of Margaret Nolan. These reminiscences were brought out the other day, when Messrs Morgan and Meakin were in Warrnambool, through a discussion arising connected with the Panmure tragedy. Mnlssns RIt. Clark and Co's usual Minyip stock sale will be held to.morrow. T~nEnns are invited for the erection of a post and telegraph office and other works at Natimok. Mr A. G. Floyd announces having com menced business as a general blacksmith. near M'Intyre's selection, WVallup. MSSRes Fred. P. Stevens and Co. will hold a stock sale at Warnacknabeal on Saturday next. As examination of persons desirous o obtaining the standard certificate, will commence in the Horsham State School on Saturday at 10 n.m. Tno concert, .in connection with the Easter Festival art-union, has been post poned until 30th inst. OBSERVING the Qneen' birtlhday, most of the business places of the town will be Sclosed on Saturday next;-" a Ma Theos. Young's weekly stock .sale will be held to-mdrrow,.instead of on Saturday next (Queen's birthday). On Thursday he will hold a cleariag-ale tf stock and farmin implements at Ir Alexander Morris' farm near:Minyip, and atethe geameltime and place Swill offer 3,000 superior cross-bred ewes, on account of Mr A. Malcolm. On Friday a number of valiable building allotments in Horshma will be submitted. 