AU the Isnas. Scepticism Is doubt about the truth, though not actually denying it ; hesitation about It ; reluctance to defino what faith is. Agnosticism la a denial of an acceptance of religion, except that which comes within knowledge. Thara may be a God or there may not. There may have been inch a divine person as Jeans Ckrlst or there mey not. It does not como within my knowledge, £. I put it aside because I know nothing about It. Positivism Is non-acceptance of anything except It can bo positively proved ; as e. g., a proposition in Euclid, or an object demonstrated byoneofthesensos. Thus differing from those, but hardly moro perhaps than in name. nationalism ia a disbelief in the supernatural ; nothing to ba accepted until it be brought within the intellectual power. If an'a reason must be convinced. 'Faith Is nothing. Deism li a bellefin the existence of a first causo, callodbythe name of God, as creator of the world; but no bellefin tho acceptance of Messiah as Son of .God or Saviour of the world, or in the Holy Ghost, 'forming the Holy Trinity. Atheism li not only a non-recognition of the pos- sibility of there being a God, but an absolute denial oí His existence in any .way whatever. As David says of the fool when he says in his heart, " There is no God." 1 Radicalism which means the uprooting (radix) of ?all time-honored Institutions and customs of antiquity and remodelling'tham with new onej, suited to the ?age ofprogress-fl.^,, the revolution of the laws which have hitherto been marks of civilization, evan to the ?confiscation of all property and the levelling of society .from the highest upward to the lowest downward. Socialism and communism, which assert that man &ave; a common right to the things of this world, which ars to be divided among them equally. Property be comss a thing of naught. No man has a right to moro than his neighbour-share and share allke-to bo enjoyed equally by the Industrious and the Indolent, <the drunken and the sober, the possessor of ten talents and the possessor of one. .Nihilism, which carries forward into action the ideas of all preceding, and swallows up in itself radical Ism, socialism and communism, and in order to realize them, asserts it tobo right to destroy by assassination <a murder. In secret or openly, by poison or the dagger, all who stand In its way-all kings and governors and rulers. -_, DEATH OP THE KBT. JAKES COUTTS, M.A.--Wa (NewcaslU Herald) regret to have to record the death of onr old and ereatly esteemed townsman the Rev. James Coutts, M.A., who departed from amongst us yesterday morning shortly after 2 o'clock, at the xipe age of 88 years. The rev. gentleman has been about forty years in the colony, For thirteen years ne officiated in the Presbyterian Ministry at Parra- matta, and came to Newcsst'e in 1861 from from which time till within the last few years, be preached At Sf» Andrew's Church, Watt- street. He will be best remembered as the chief founder of the Newcastle Sailors' Home. The remains of the deceased minis- ter will ne interred in the family burial ground at ¿as Parramatta, Mr. Coutts, it ig rumoured, bequeathed £1000 to the Sydney University. MAITLAND VOMJNTHBB Bn?i.B8.-On reference to our advertising columns it will be noticed that there are a few vacancies for recruits in the above Volunteer corps. It seemB that owing to several members having joined the Volunteer band now in eourse of formation, these vacancies have occurred. We understand that in a short time the band of the Maitland Corps of Volunteer Infantry will number something like twenty-five good musicians, and this sdditto* must tend to make volunteering mote »veil. 