THE NOVELIST. JACK'S COURTSHIP.* A SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP WRECK. Br w. Clabk Russell. Chapteb XXXV. IN THK BOUTHEBN OCEAN. Why have I stopped to spin you this yam ? It has nothing to do with my story. Bat avast 1 I think it has. What is this log but the record of a voyage, how it was begun. what happened during it, and how it ended ? And that being eo, why, as a part of the voyage, our overhauling of the bng'a boat in a fog ought to be told. If it's not art, you can't growl, boys; for you know I cautioned you at the beginning against fostering any expectations of that kind. But such a deal remains to be told that we shall never get ashore again if we hang over the side story* spinning in this fashion; so now let us'etart afresh for a steady spin down the South Atlantic, and then a bold shift of the helm for New Holland. The day following that on which we met with the brig, we picked up the south-east trades. They blew in half a gale of wind: I had never met with them so strong; a mam topgallant sail over a single-reefed topsail was sb much as the Strath more could stagger under; and for several days her decks were just a white smother as she drove along over the high seas, lee channels out of sight, and toe foam sometimes standing up, so that by putting your band over toe rail you could nave grasped a handful of the sluicing Bnow alongside. We swept along close-hauled on the port tack, and that it was which made the wind feel a whole gale. I never should have thought that on a taut bowline the ship, loaded down as she was to her chainplate bolts, would have shown such a pace. Looking at her over the rail, you would have thought her hying clear of the water rather than Bailing through it Grand it was to mark Iter strike the dark bine rolling comber, shatter it into froth, and rush through the rainbow which arched upon the storm of foam like a girl making a bound with a coloured scarf over her head. Grand, but uncomfortable 1 One could sometimes taste toe spray on the wind right aft The maindeck was impassable by all but the crew; and how the tweendeck pas sengers made shift to get their meals from the galley I don't know. But you heard no complaints; everybody was too glad to feel the strong wind, and watch the broad wake shining, and rising and failing upon the leaping seas, till it seemed to vanish upon the horizon, to grumble at toe discomfort of the cabins and the decks. Every day at noon Daniel would discover that we were so many degrees nearer the latitude of the Cape, mid toe passengers began to make bets upon the date on which toe Strath ruore would drop anchor in Sydney Bay. Well, we carried these tempestuous trades as low down as 31deg., and the change from the thrilling, plunging rushing to the long South Atlantic swell and a west-north-west breeze, with barely enough weight on it to keep the lorecourae lifted, was lamented by olL Now I will here say that, as every parallel we ran down inevitably brought whatever result my voyage was to yield more and more to a head, every degree of latitude the ship chalked out found me increasing my thoughtfulnesh in the matter of my courtship, and so speculative as often to be abominable company to all but my darling. I knew that in a few days we should be having the son rising over our bows, and measuring our pro gress by degrees of longitude; ana then, I would think, the next thing will be the loom of the New South Wales coast, the Circular Quay, a lodging in George- street, and after wards heaven alone could know what I never managed to get half an hour with Florence without talking to her about this. One fine evening, I remember, she came on deck, and I joined her. The ship was going along quietly, gently rolling on the deep indigo 6well, toe sky was clear and brilliant with stars and star-mist, vague streams of mUky white, toe planets which hung nnder them burning viae like diamonds, and Magellan's sinning clouds and the beautiful Southern Cross among them, the latter sparkling gloriously on toe black breast of the night, the fairest of all her radiant jewels, whilst in the east the moon, fresh from the deep, was softly soaring. We walked to and fro, talking such things as will come into lovers* heads, and presently my darling stopped a moment to look at the moon, ana at its ice-like greenish Silver wake, that widened and narrowed as the Bweli rolled through it fwe 1 ho 1 with us, and then what's to happen?" " Jack," said She, " I have told you again and again what you ought to do. " Ay 1" said I, " but hang me if I have the courage. I know what will be the' result; the moment that 1 tell your aunt that I am Jack Seymour, shell step between us. No doubt she can't prevent us from being toge ther While we're in the ship; but wbat will she do when she gets ashore? Not certainly that she could do anything that won didn't choose 5 but you wtoi't choose, Florence; ypu'll not moyry without your papa's consent, you Say ?'1" " Youknow I would not. Jack; how can yptt suppose that I should f' she interrupted, smiling, With the moonlight on her face, and her eyes gleaming like toe most beautiful of the stars over us. " Then, that being so," said I, " what's toe good of my going to Aunt Damaris and telling her who I at ____ . _ am? I»be allows me as Jock Egertoo to be with you,-to make love to you—she cultivates me; at all events there's wobjtotioO; why should Iput a stop to all toU^ Florence, by confessing who! am, when you have determined notto'marry me with papa and Aunt f)amaris lUce tt or not t I WUl j mi&ry; you--3itirlr, if they consent, but if not, Bebretiy. formBrryym lwill,*Why. my very pWn, if youVlAiily say tost tomeaud mean Bsytaw.Mhie Hawke, toefellowyoor brother objects to'" '♦jd'H way nothing of toe kind," she ex-' dsimedi; *' Oh, Jack 1 rob pie not a uice; for'even mskbigme think of auto a i ^ Then." cried 1, with a'kind ofgtoan in my voice, **what'atbe gbod of my bonfeUng to yourauntr • - ■ *° knoy truth sooner ^ Yto' said L «MwHf it'* to bring her be fcweenns,4f ltf* to find yen milling' to obey It to he aooner but latsr.Dont forget, ^loimu3%tl^3wahtoe^good«seaidtoat tt your aunt were to discover who ! am and toootamandyod not to upeak to tot or *3he. Viii .tlS?:- e: to have anything to do with me when we arrive at Sydney, yon would have to obey her." " No, Jack: I said I should not knowwhat to do; I Bhotud go home—I should—— Oh, dear 1 how bad-tempered yon are with me 1 she cried. . " Bad-tempered!" I exclaimed, and I said ho more till we came to apart of the deck where there lay a deep shadow, and there I kissed her, and held her to my heart; for in what better way conld I answer her? She never objected to my kissing her now. It wasn't right, no donbt, nor even consistent, seeing how stannchly she held ont for her papa's consent But then, boys, she was fond of me, ay, Bhe was fond of me'; and be twixt a kiss and the altar yon know, there's a wide stretch of ground. Presently I was hammering away again at the old topic. " The truth must come out sooner or later, as you say," I observed; " but anyhow, 111 keep my pecret till we're ashore; she shan't hear of it on blue water. If she likes me as Jack Egerton, if she don't object to my falling in love with you in that character, men let her introduce me as Jack Egerton to her friends, let her allow as to be recognised by all Sydney as sweethearts, and then, when I avow myself, maybe her pride'il come to our help, she'll feel herself committed, Florence. That's one of my ideas, but I don't say it's worth mach," I added, gloomily. " It's a fearful struggle, it's all up-hill; you're not against me, but you don't give me a hand." " How can you say such a thing?" " If you won't marry me without your father's consent, and if you are, as I am, per fectly positive that he never will consent, then I say you're not giving me a hand " " You may think what you like of me. Jack," Baid she, sadly, " but I never will marry you Without papa's consent" Here fell a gloomy Bilence; then I felt her hand that was under my arm creeping and creeping along, till it touched my lingers. " Don't he cross with me, Jack." " My darling " " You are so impatient May not we I hope one day to get papa's consent? If] he iinds us truly devoted and constant " " Oh !" I cried, " don't make that a ques tion of it Devoted and constant!" and off I yawed into another bout of passionate talk of which I'll not weary you, lads, with the par ticulars. " But" said I, winding up, " I have no hope of ever getting his consent He wants blood, Florence. Thank God, I am not without blood, but it's not of the kind he de sires." " Yes. but Jack," said she, very gravely, "he may find me resolved; and though I never, never could many you against his con sent—I won't say his wishes—he may find me very determined." " Determined to do what?" I asked, in a hollow whisper. " Determined to wait for his consent"' she answered. I uttered a groan. "You foolish fellow 1" she exclaimed, playing with my hand ; " yon don't understand. Do you think papa an ogre, a dreadful, unbending man ? I am sore, Jack, if he were to find me deter mined to wait for hia consent he would give it because my determination would signify that I meant to marry nobody but you, and you are really not such a dreadful character as to make his consent hopeleaB when he finds that years do not change us, and that I am unhappy without—without " The rest was dissolved in asigh. Oh, it was too sweet to hear her, despite of her talking of years. A brief interval of transport on my side ensued ; and. then I said, If, as Jack Egerton, I have made your aunt like me, and think me—ought I to say it? —not ineligible for her niece, am I to suppose that the mere pronouncing of my real name is to convert me into a vulgar, unfit sailor youth in her opinion ?" " No P' she exclaimed, eagerly ; " and that is why I think yon should let me tell her who you are." Bat I would not have this. I told her I disliked the idea, not pal, because a con fession would bring her aunt between as and make the rest of the voyage horribly uncom fortable for all three of us, but it might end in causing the old lady to detest and abominate me ; for the story was sure to get wind. One would ask questions, then another, until by and by everybody would be bearing that the young man whom Miss Damans Hawke had made a friend of, and whose attentions to her niece she appeared to be silentiy encouraging, was no more nor less than the youth whose admiration and devotion the young lady had been sent away to Australia to escape. "And," said I, "as yon may be sure, Captain Jackson wouldn't spare her, and as her sensitiveness would pot plenty of uncomfortable mean ing into every look and whisper and smile in the others, she would hold me accountable; the rest of the voyage would be little better than a long skulking end hiding on her part; and she would btep ashore with yon, hating apd execrating me. Well, my pet listened attentively, and in the end had nothing to answer. It was always so in these talks. She wanted me to throw off. my disguise^ not caring twopence for what the passengers might think, con cerned only in her conscience, which ehe felt wonld be dearer if her aunt knew who I ami them I would season with her, al argu until! perhaps I knew best 1 can not imagine that any lover .before my time was ever situated as I was. Long ago my uncle had told me not to fiatter myaelf for a moment that Florence was a girl likely to: dope with-a mam or. marry without her father's consent He bad a clear eye for. character, and had proved right. But I bad not taken his view when 1 started on this voyage. In my heart my belief was that be fore the Australian coast was hove up, I shoiild have got my pet to loire me well enough to consent to any iorm of marriage, that Is, if her father proved stubborn. Well, I bad succeeded in making her love me, ay. towiy extent beyond my highest hopes; did |ngt know that by atbousand s^gna which { could no more explain to' you in writing than I could filing the. white diver of the jmpon * * * • * nary? in the matter of her m she was at Clifton. .What then was I to do ? At times it would come into my head that BO ob!, improving Aunt — acceptance good substitute for the. some person under Another name. Assuredly, ene was per. mitting me to makelove to ber niece aboard the Strathtpore. I dop't mean to say, that die could have helped this love Job, even had she objected to it ; she couldn't afford to rfcader herself an object of laughter by rfcader herself -r —-v_ !4te:sEf$8tt£SWT® nowced. ahdln a heap of * &J2P;#ww?W|8f her, and insisted upon being with me and acting ae riie pleased/ Bdtiwthing ^oT the kind -happened. She eeemed to blindherseli to what was going on. If she spoke of me at all to Florence, it was to -praise me—so at least my darling would say ; and to my face, she was as gracious as her acidulated nature would suffer her to be, often taking my arm on deck, often sitting next to me at meals, despatching me on little such as for her fan, her smelling errands, . , bottle, and the like, in a manner to let me understand that she honoured me thus be cause I was a favourite of hen, became I was what, perhaps, behind my bade, she would speak of as a nice young man; fre quently in her conversation with me develop ing a vein of sentiment that might have been alarming but for her tacit recognition of my love for her niece, whilet on several occa sions she'd express the hope that I would often visit them on our arrival in Sydney. I repeat that mine was a most perplexing situation; and, spite of my frequent chats with Florence ana a hundred long and lonely meditations, I never could arrive at any other conclusion than that there was nothing to be done but to let things take their chance, and that meanwhile I amid not do better than maintain the character under which I had shipped, and by all the artifices of which Mr. John Egerton was capable, prepare the way for Mr. Jack Seymour. Well, boys, this was the state of my affaire as we drove round the Cape before half a gale of wind, and ploughed a west by south course into the Southern: Ocean. We were now in the second week of December, and in longitude 21deg. east, when a etropg nor' wester reefed ns down, and for ten days blew us along, to an accompaniment of frequent and heavy squalls of wet, at the rate of two hnndred miles in every twenty-four hours. I am not exact in calling it a nor'wester, for it veered betwixt dne north and due west, Mow ing hardest when it came most westerly. But for ten days it drove us, to the joy of Daniel, who now calculated upon bringing bis passage from the English Channel to the Sydney Heads within the time the run had occupied him last voyage It was what Mrs. Marmaduke Mortimer would have called a etormy time. The tallest surges in the world run off the Cape, and they'd look like cliffs sometimes, 1 would think, as I'd stand watching them chasing us on the weather quarter, thundering their avalanches of snow from their mountainous heads into the dark, wrinkled, roaring valleys between. As wild a sea scene as ever I wit nessed happened upon one of the nights of these ten days I am talking about, when the small green moon in the north was flying like a meteor through the sweeping smoke of the of the blackness in sooty scad that shot out < the north-west She flung wet silver gleams down as though they were sparkling lances darted by some hurling hands up there; like arrows they seemed to fall through the rents in the masses of torn and sweeping vapour, making bits of the frothing heads in the fair wake of the orb flash out in a manner to startle the eye gazing from the middle of the stormy scene; it wonld have passed for . a constant flaring of torches burning white and extinguished by the breath of the gale as fast as they were kindled. Never a star was to be noticed, nothing with a gleam in all the howling dingy paleness overhaul save the moon that wonld blaze ont bright for a second, then vanish in the snnff-like black smother of the scud, or show faint behind a thinner body, of vapour, the very ghost of herself, cutting—as she would seem—with in credible velocity through the filmy staff, till, with a leap, ont she would sparkle glorious, with a hurl of her metallic light down npon the .mad sea, and then a dive into a dense clond big enough to wrap the whole ocean in shadow, though for a space yon'd see the moonlight rushing off the water upon the lee bow, as though it were being blown away by the gale. Bat in abont longitude 40deg. east the strong wind died out in a 6qnail, leaving ns to meditate upon the several thousands of miles of ocean that still rolled betwixt ns and Australia. Then for a space of eight days we had a spell of grand weather, variable breezes ranging-aft from either bow, but never forward, sometimes blowing tenderly, sometimes a merry wind, but always managing to make true Pacific weather of it for us ; a soft, heavy blue in the sky that looked to swell out like the belly of a sail be tween the great white clouds, and a long, shining, azure swell that made one feel, as it hove np the ship with a slanting rash, as if it were a morion of the deep created by the revolution of the globe, so rhythmic was the sweep of it, so measureless the dim blue dis tance out of which it came. It was weather to enjoy to the fullest, a I gush of delight coming from God knows where, making the air so sweet that the | taste of it was in your month _ when you went below, lingering like the flavour of new milk ; and the wonder of it seemed to go into the ocean too, for never did I see so heavenly a blue upon Baltwater; the sunlight floated off it like a mist, and I'd fancy at times when the ship sank into a hollo w that I could see the sky of the horizon betwixt the afcure oi the water and fhe radiance hovering over: it, just as the violet gleams between the arched foot of asafl&nd; the yard beneath. But then you get all soda of atmospheric miracles' in that Southern Ocean—evenings which come along molten with pink, and green, and crystal points of 'light : sunael*. wbichcause the sea to appear as if H were streaming away in a mighty channel of gold into the huge, flaming, .crimson, raylesa disk that slowly sinks behind it; a kind of drawing up of the' deep into the shadow when the night foils as if it were a surface of black velvet inflated" from underneath between your ship and the ocean line, shot with cloudy puffs of phosphoric radiance which the swell lifts to the Mars over the horizon as though It was by contact with *hm that these mysterious luminous BwarmingB were fed. One was glad of .such weather for the sake of the 'tweendeck passengers. The chil dren's enjoyment of itdid one's heart good to witness. They made a playgrOUnd 61 the ! waist, and listening tp theta Botnerimea, With a look round at themfobty deep which went, away on all rides for thousands of leagues, ] thing startling m thi „ laughter and childish calling vojees sounding amid the bugest seme of creationin the world. Ashore suchfoncies could riot come; oy ttwrearc hflU .Ilea clos«,;any for a boundary. The hor Tr _ way;butatb«^rihenyouri^QeROM;ritot the waterline. U 4lw>h Ste^tinto thesky that hangs over the sameiiquid expanse hundreds of miles off,The hdlloKr sails would throw back the echo of these chil dren's voices at rimes whe^-therei weahbush np aloft: and wilh those -nbteatheredblend rise swift chattering ratw rif wpwen^ Jbs bumming of arguing mekvtl ep^tbetnnjiofri on the csmmmUi heps in Oslteto obatoaw^htVsheumor. „ ^ imS, WsiiiB' mamktieisi ; -Viui i'ii'u "fX'Mt aw® e iwiiiiiKf since the day on which little Xily Joyce had fallenoVerboaid, the children of tontfamlly had been kept snug under the lee, of the nurse or their parents; if ever even one of them made a stride out of arm's reach, you'd see the nnrse jump for it or the mother would give' a screech. One fall overboard war enough for that affectionate circle, and their rare was very reasonable; but I'd often pitj the nurse, who needed eyes in her back as well as In her face, and grappling hooks in each hand to keep those youngsters to gether ; whilst life to Mr. and Mrs. Joyce, when they and the children were on deck, was little better than a burden. Well, you'd see this family all of a cluster near the skylight; and beyond tbem Captain Jackson lying back with bis arms folded drowsily, looking at the sea from undej: his bat, the brim of it leaning to his nose; Mrs. Jackson near him -knitting; Mrs. and Miss Grunt - reading; Mrs. O'Brien talking to Thompson Tucker, who looked rather bored as he listened; Daniel Standing up before Aunt Dauiarie arid Florence, his grinning red face turned upon the old lady as she'd jerk out her observations with the pld pecking motion of her feme that made the cavern of a hood the moat natural covering for her sharp hose to show in and out- of; tight at the extreme end the man. at the wheel, gripping the spokes and munching a quid as though he were talking to the card or canvas betwixt which his eyes would alternate ^ arid then for a frame you had the Boft sweeping girdle ol the blue sky, shining purely against toe glossy round of the spanker and between the staysails, and flowing up over the bulwarks till it dazzled into the white splendour t>f toe sunlight over toe port main topgallant yard arm. This would be toe uOrt of picture the poop offered during those few lovely days, (hiring which the ship sailed fast under a cloud of canvas and impelled by gushing breezes, bonitos showing toe way and the albicore in our wake, with a following of sea fowl stooping over the white track that poured in sparkling eddy from the rudder* post During one of these halcyon days I remem ber 1 was talking to Aunt Damans and Florence, when we startled by a shoot from the forecastle. Looking, we spied the people running to the side to peer over; we ail three got up and went to the rail, and there in the water, close under the ship, we saw a dead sailor on a lifebuoy. It was the ugliest, saddest thing chance could have fitted into the gleaming, airy beauty of that day. How long it had been in the water could not be imagined; you just caught sight of the putrid featureless face as toe away of the sea made toe figure poised on the buoy bow horribly tor us as it slid astern. An albatross in our wake stooped to it with a scream that might have been wrung from the corpse itself, so wild was the sadden note heard in connexion with that eight, and then came on again after us. "What a tomb for that one man!" ex claimed Florence to me, shuddering! " Better than a graveyard," said L " There are no rank weeds here, no crumbling monu ments, no bint of the things which make death dreadful to our imagination. What nobler sepulchre than this glorious blue sea could a sailor want? Every surge that breaks gives him a headstone. "Why do people make one see Buch sights? grumbled Aunt Damans, looking pSe and scared. " How the creatures stare! I would have given ten pounds not to have hod my attention called to the horrible object" . . , . " What a story of human anguish xs con tained in that life-buoy!" cried Florence, clasping her hands. ... , , _ " There never was a politer bodyr sung out Mr. Thompson Tucker from toe rail. " Did yon see him bow to us, ladies, as we bllflSAH g "For shame! for shame!" cried Mrs. O'Brien. " How do you know there's not a mother waiting for him at home ?' , . " He did not Cook as if he had a mother, retorted Mr. Tucker. . "Ob, you wicked creature 1 cried juts. O'Brien. " How would you look aftker you d bedthrowneda week?" " That youth must he an infidel, said Aunt Damans. - . • "Infidel or not," said I, uI'll wager in a time of danger he'd be the first to drop on his l-pwifl and shriek out a thousand promises of being good tor ever after if he is only spared this once for bang me, boys, if I liked the chap's derision of the poor dead sailor. Well, the pawing of that dead man reminds mp of another incident of this fine weather boat in the Southern Ocean. This time it was the forenoon ; a light breeze was bio wing over oar starboard quarter, and the ship was sailing alone quietly with every stunsail she carried on one side of her overhanging the water. I was smoking a pipe on toe grating abaft the wheel, underneath which the tiller-cbains led.; a favourite spot of mine, for every heave of the bows would favour me with a sight of the whole Jen$i oi theatop, and I was never weary of watching the effects ot light and shade produced by the vessel's motion, Ufe darkening oE the hollows of toe canvas as the sails swept out, toe dear white of them next toe bolt-ropes when they rounded their breasts to the sun, and the crystalline gleam of the cloths curved sharp against tic deep b|ue of the sky, then the swaying of toe lace-work of shadow cast by the rigging upon toe deck, and the gushol sunshine twixt the yards and the saBa making toe masts look as if tow were fished with feVer bands. A hundred such thinra there were to keep me admiring, though u happened just then that instead of watching the ship 1 was - following with my eyes the equate,' short figure of my friend Daniel, who 'with Mrs. Moctimer on his arm, mind feu baak to the old memories he belonged to, and I thought how wonderfully qtre'l is this world, that pf the thousand shipmasters at sea, the one I was destined toa&il; with in toe Wild amitotic i^rtakmg that was carryllig me to Australia should turn out to be sn old shipmate arid mend. Little enough hate 1 a*id of hia seamanship and of hisptefesslonal conduct: but I had Bfcen plenty to enable me to iudge thbt he wtt it* toe highest' degree wdrtoy of toe pmutior he had attained to—toe command of * Una ii«w liw»iwwhich, think what yon when toostrif the work is ,done by steamers. ^Aops would haw jdjong mw -one, -at talking droity, ana yet tor hS» crew, bow toy, waa jgy oding hetwist hattwnd hriaaatea. teBferiltrofhlapoaitton •»«**** thoogh thedignlty of looked up. " There's something black in j the water away out yonder on the port bow, lir 1" cried the youngster. " It appears like the hull of a capsized ship." Everybody crossed the deck to take a (quint at the thing, whatever it might be. Perceiving uothing, I dived below lor my little telescope, knowing that between Daniel and the chief mate and the others there was small chance of my getting the loan of the ship's glass, and levelled it at the Bea over the port bow. In a moment the long blue swell hove up a black, wet, gleam ing object into the circumference of the lenses. "What do you make of it, captain?" said L " Why," answered Daniel, talking with his eye at the glass, " it appears to me to be a »hip upside down." "That's what I think," said L "And a big ship too. "Lets have a look," exclaimed the navy man, and he put himself into a kind of cocked-hat and lord-high-admiral posture as he pointed the glass. Florence joined us, and I held my telescope for her to look through : but, of course, she ;onld see nothing. Somehow or other girls never do see anything when they look through a telescope. They don't seem to know how to shut one eye, and keep the other open. How's that, now ? It's vulgar to wink,ot coarse; bat most girls can do that by trying (of course they never do); and yet they can't shut one eye to look through a tele tcope ! Florence managed it by putting her hand over one of her Bweet peepers; and I watched the long lashes of the other trembling against. the brass rim of the telescope, and her lovely face, matchless for complexion, fall of earnestness as she poured the light of hex left eye into the tube, but it was no good. " It seems all sky," said she; so I handed the class to Thompson Tucker, who got it out of (ocas and sung out, " Why, hang me, there's a fog coming on 1" "No more horrors, I hope?'* said Aunt Damans, joining as. "There's a fog coining on," said Thompson Tucker. "A fog in your eye," exclaimed Captain Jackson; " it's the hull of a thousand- ton ship capsized,, ma'am. Another sample of stevedoring, Captain. The art of stowing is lost. They load iron rails on bird-cages and wonder that Bhips go a-missing." " Whatever it is we'll have a look at it," stud Daniel; and he told the chief mate to keep the ship away by a couple of points. By and by Mr. Thornton said tio me, " If that's a ship she most have been built as a man-of-war for the king of the Cannibal Is lands ; for, look your hardest, Mr. Egerton, and you'll see no shape in her." " Well," exclaimed Daniel, coming up to us, " what does it look like now ?" " I'll tell you what it looks like," I replied, working away with the glass; " it looks like t thousand-ton slaver, floating on her bilge, with a hundred or two of negroes swimming uonnd her; But what it is," said I, handing him the glass, "is this—it's a tremendous dead whale, horribly swelled, with a thousand mollemokes, or birds of that pattern, eating it" And so it proved by evidence as strong as the eyes, I mean the nose. One monthfol of the taint was enough, and the ship was hastily brought as far to windward of her course as she could come without touching the braces in order to give the putrescent mountain a wide berth. What Bort of a whale it was I couldn't tell you; maybe it was what the Yankee whaleman called a crinkum- crankttm whale, the meaning of which is, "A whale that can't be cotchedbut whatever the right name for it was, I tell you, lads, it looked to me the biggest thing in whales that the sea had ever floated. I'll not be a minute: if I were to be graphic you'd shout for eau-de-Cologne. There it swung upon the azure folds of the swell, such a corpse that the mind was awed and oppressed by the immensity of it It floated high, owing to its condition, and in places die over lapping of the water made the skin gleam like a mirror for the snn to flash in. It was a fearful carcase and looked like an island, and yet not half of it was exposed. Yon saw no head, and no tail; the portion visible was from the hump to the flapper or fin abaft the lower jaw I " Gracious mercy I" mumbled Aunt Damans Dehind her pocket-handkerchief, "What an object it would make on a beach 1" That's how one should have seen it no doubt, to understand the amngiing magnitude of this dead, and ohl most evil- smelling leviathan. How could the chaste moon rise upon Buch a loathsome mass? One might have sworn it was enough to pollute die rales and breezes of the whole of die Southern Ocean, aye from the Gape of Good Hope to Van Diemen's Land, and from the Antarctic Circle to the Tropic of Capri corn. And the next wonder was die birds upon it We slid past too far off to make sure of them, but if they were aot mollemokes they were not albatrosses, —no, those kingly eagles of the southern seas, let me hope, would disdain snch stupen dously loathsome hire; they were great brown birds with long bills, and powerful wings sweeping out and around so as to resemble the prongs of a pitchfork. How many of them there were I could not tell you; they swarmed upon the huge dead block, some rising high on the wing and swooping down with a rush as though to spear the black rind with their bills, while scores floated in the water round. I " Are they docks?" asked Mrs. Mannaduke Mortimer; 1 More like carrion-crows, love," observed uer husband. "Ducks'll eat snails and muck," said Mr., Thompson Tucker;" but hang me if I think an honest land-duck could be got to taste that whale." ' And thaf s the thing that people make umbrellas of, and stays!" ekclaimed Mrs. O'Brien, in the tone of a person upon whom a great truth dawns. The strangest part is how we're doomed to meet nothing put horrors," said Aunt Damans, walking off. 