The Smuggler's Ghost. Drn you ever encounter the smuggler's ghost, The spectre of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himself on an old gun-post At the top of Tower Hill ? I-hink me not, though he comes by night All the passers-by to scan, A strange, weird, long-shore, luabberly wight-l Pes-jacketty sort of a man. His voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild The other is under a patech Hijs nose is swollen-this mystic child And his legs were never a match. As he leaves the post on a midnight diil He goes with a nautiOal roll, A solid mahogany seaside hall Hoe seems; but he'e only soul. I met him once, and I saw him clear By a gas-lamp's dancing light, Beealling weeds and tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, "0 runner of ItRevenue rigs, Thou knave of the contraband, '"ll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs;" But he raised him his gnarled hand. "Avast with thy coppers l" and "You be blowedl" In a mixturo strange said he; " I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed In this mortial sonn-ter-ee. Not sham blue rain in bladdery skin, Nor tater-brewed oh-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," he said with a grin; "I'm a spirit, mate, carant yer see ?" I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid fir bigars when he did me brown, And he certainly looked alive. But he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, As he grinned with his mouth so roomy. "If yer doubts my word, take yer oraotch stick there, And you'll findit'll go right through me. "Oh, woe-woe, bacco and paper brown I Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee a I'm Smuggler Dill, and I've come from down In the furderest soun-tsr-ee. Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea : I sold cigars and the buyers sold, And what's to become o' me? "Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, And down by the muddy Strand, And down by the Docke I am doomed to stray." And he wrung him eacsh gnarly hand. "I wants to find 'em, and can't tell where, And I doesn't know where to look; There's pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spares, As Ihid safore I was tooL" Then I said, "Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Do you come from that other shore ?" "Ay, mate I" as he rolled him that one oc his eyes, " And I don't want to go any more." "lut what are you seeking, and why are you come? Why playedst thou me that trick?" " ah, it's all along o' those weeds so--hum I D)id they make you so werry sick ? "Oh, it's what I'm a-tellig o' you, you see," And to east and to west he tumed, "I can't remember, or may I be Bost-something unpleasantly- burned." He moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He gDoaned him right into his boots; " Oh, it's all along o' them Henery Olays, And them sham Beogal sheroots. "Oh, there's pounds on 'em bidden I Dn't tell where. And some miseortnot bloke Will behunting 'em out i I don't take eare And there isn't one fit to smoke. Ah, where did I put 'em ? Ah, where are they hid ? Ah, where did I plant that chest With Henry Clay on the top o' thie lid ? And wasn't they bad 'unes, jeat ? " They makes'em up at a bob a pound Brown paper in backer gravy ; And I sold 'em a quid for a boe all round, On a smugegler's afllidvy. And down by the Islb o' Dogs I goes, And hbuntin' in Rstclift Highway, ,ut never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never more come in my way. "I never can take just a glass o' short, Though t drops in at public bars, Stince I belongs to another port, For selling o' sham cigars. For I used to roam as a smuggler bold Who laughed at the Ityal Excise; A dodge so stale, and a dodge so old, But allers ripe for a rise." And ae I gazed he was there 0o more, Not so much as his old pa-jacket; But there seemed to come from a distant shore, Or from out of old Charon's packet, " Oh, l am the wickedeot smeggler hold That never did go to sea; I never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this hide-and-come-seek-a.ree I " \--3. lawvnLLE FLENN, In food's atsun 1 