flfi SKSTCHIR. Where's 'Gerty?' By. Pbombssb. The inCuences which have brought many of us to Ass tra'ia do [cot always bid us goodbye when we have toophed the ebore. With tome of us, at all events, they hare deligh-ed to linger ; and white throwing their silken snare about our neaks, with the object of being our leaders still, andv/or the purpose of guiding us to and fro over the land, they have been in the habit of whispering that knowledge \- is power, and that the best way to attain it in a new courtiy is to keep, afoot and stirring. If with this whisper the eilken snare be not strong enough to draw us from south to north, from east to west, the influences of ten set them ss'veB to spin a rope -and off we go, from couth to north, from eatt to west, wiHy-niily at the tend of a halter. Whether we go willy, or whether we go hilly, however, t- can haidly have gone iar.it our iaeuity or ooservauon b ! fairly developed, without having learned, or unlearned, -something worth a iew minutes* exposition. We have learned that there is no 'QtrtpTt in any part of the Australian bush where we have been, and that she has not been seen by any of the people that we met ou-t there. Thoee who have passed their lives in the cities along the coast are, we believe, equally ignorant, of her where* abouts, but in a hazy 'general way think she most be some* where in the interior. 'We have been on most of the rivers, most of ihe ridges, most of the stations,, and in most of the little settlements that, taken altogether, make up what is popularly called the interior, and we «ver that we never once came across her. There is a piece of stony country lying djwn to the aouth-weat of Cooper's Creek which we were not able to go upon owing to a heavy flood at the time, and from a few particulars that came to our knowledge while in the vicinity It seemed a likely spot for ** Gerty ' to be found in: but inquiries studiously made and answers carefully collated have made us certain that nobodyever lived there at any time since the making of the word. There are a few'other S^ote, also, which one matter or another pre . % vendd us fr«m fully and personally satisfying ourselves about, and which we kept in our mind's eye for a long time after, availing .ourselves of every likely occasion to ascertain if any, wanderer through those places had had the luck to tea ' Gerty.' The answers were, however, invariably in the negative. It is therefore that we fall back upon the publio at large, and a-k in a tone Which implies a conviction that webball have to wait l«ng for an answer defining the locality— « Where's Of riyP* :'..,- For sake «)f thegeneralreaiJer— to whom the question, as ? presf ntett,iinay euageet Bome abstrojBe and reoonoite inveati pation— we append a btief explanation of who and what 'GeriyV is declared tobs. . - 'tiertv' is the typical yottn/r lady of the Anstroiian bush, fhe is indigenous to the interior, but can be trans planted, with, however, the loss of m*ny of her most dis tinguishing trdi|e. She abounds on a great stretch of plain, and luxuriates on the edge of a /scrub. .Her pswers of Joe »- motion are exercised to the point of reckleatneBS. The first thing she does every morning is to -try to break. her neck. She cannot always do it, and has to put np as best she can with the small satisfaction of breaking her horee*s neck. Then shecomFs'bonncing into the house, and, if it be her f a tber she meets, she eays, ttHnllo,guv*nor, I doubled up my h raged eld -noke at the creek. . Yon should have seen him trying to keep in the air half-an-hour at a stretch with hi) tail in bis mouth. His neok'fi cracked. Oh, it was jolly !' If ft htpponJoid Lord ifcaddleVhe encounters she says, 'Hullb, Coddle! Arumraycbap youare! ^Vhat kept you Boaking in the blankets all this time? Yon ought to have bau jour legs over a horse and done your three miles, like ine. If you bad »etn my mote cracking bis , eck ? GeitiiniJ loot ! here fcp was/' ' Gerty11 ibere npon goes through some convolutions In the will, imita tivo of the plunging horse, Lord Noddle looking on with amazement, but tfth Interest, , Suddenly remembering (hat la iy, Ae blushes to the roota of hw hair and rnns on, cry* ? ing, ?* What will yott tWnit of ine.liOrdlJoaflet1 ph. ram -, AwildfopTiBh^it*' It is *Md that after any Buchper f .rmance a* this liord Noddle takes a lorn or two in the ' garden aha proceeds with the fpllo wing sbliloquy? ' Py gracious! 2sr,ab, these bush girls are something ftwlul--; a wfnUy divine, rinean. Nothing like them outof Ans- tralia. Tllere*s i^Oerty'-'- vbat EpgHsh girl would stand on her h^al like^t? Th^y'^. ^4tu*np. Py gra cious, giveiueaJ'Ush^irl./ pear how elh5 talks of breaking borsea' ne^st ? ?f graxjiona, jBr, ^ I think I'll have « woidwittjter^irrnorftweif*' ; r ? ,. ing wither first ones. JEverv hour ehe is * wild foolish chit for a while, and for another while she blashei to the roote of lier bnt, And 'tells yhoewer Is iiear her that ft is her bush life that has 1ma4e hej- wild an! f ooliah. At intervals now and'fl»Bn?*he if^g ^antfngljr oMpbrne flower she finds ina tufsqekof grass, oreven a. bitof broken straw will do if, when thegushing period Jb on, she ean'tget a flower. She makes J*te of SH'flie birds w the neighbourhood, and climbs the ^reeS to put crumbs of tread Into their neets. She has mosllya woundio point to as having been received through faUin^ frOjn out 'of (hose trees 'when on a mission ; oi childish simplicity. If fhe haVe email feet the wound is ?generally somewhere about tie ankle. If her feet are l«Srge it is said to be somewhere dse. in b*r use of language Bhe is daringly original. If incredulity of any of her state ments be expressed, ehe wtll 'lay you two to one,' or *\& Jciss to a kick,' that the statement in question ' is p. K, to the roof of her lead.' When leaving the dinner-Ubie she w 11 address her father and hFs male visitor with, *' It's frroe f i-r me te cut and let you have jour booze. 1 wish- X was a man. WouldnH 1 look Jolly mbreecheB—ahem--Jega ncros'S, this way— ahem— cigar cocked up so— ahem— and the Three Star tare? Gemini 1 I*d laddie nay brains iwav.'.1 t ?;..??? ? .-? ?-''. . . :.?; i^r'j How, tiw1?s *'j(Jarly.w . Sta ; ooinfes up. cocasfcraally to .conversation, and . nOveHsts from tinii to time tell us hoir r eheourieson; Ta%^ forfnstance.l^.fHenryKingaey's ?? Gertrude Neville.' He came upon lier,tt seems, la Queensland.* Her slrter was the greateet beauty south of the equator, and ©eriy iras veiy lik« Jier, *# ^ino» f rasile in farm. 'The white in her face *m whiter, ana tbe red redder; heir hair was of a shade more brilliantly bro*n, and ene looted altogether like some wonderful ,: hectic ghost. If you were delighted with her sister's ;. ; ' . beauty you were awed with hers— not awed because there \- -was anything commasdis»or deterrent in the sxpreaion of :- her tace, but because she was so very fragile and gectie.*' ?:., Gerty shows her Btufi in a little, however. She is able to nuraea callow bird, or chew straws and roll oSetable-talk as oocaBion reauirt^s- IdrSlngaley vu suretiiat if be brought this product of the Austiulian bush to England with him he would erase a^ensafitm. He thBreturemaltiea the strange wild tbipg to LieutenairtHiuyar- . who hvppened to be hen «t Ha ttm*? wfler adoud,** and he ^ni thus able to trams late Gerty to thehouw sf £h- ttange ]KQlyar, at 8tan1ake. This was the place to show off »? aali«Bitli«itibf the A-iBtralian.buth beauty.. Vislttw to «t»« totttt of g^ £re3ifs oied to listen wj$ MaiwasBt xt- h-* tbmiu || ? ' ? ? ? , r ^ ? r—. ? ? — ^ — *7~ ? — - 3-p ? — — ? : ? ? ? a u utterly forennpff frf nftibfc pln'g,' She givet a thrilling j acoount of her ramble one time:— ' When 1 found I was bpi-bed beyond Neville Gap, I had to go look for the. blacks to take me home. I followed the cattle tracks till I came to the gredt biltabong, where they were fiehing, and I made them up ftick and take me bone. Lord, you should nave seen me!' Her description of the troubles at Neville Gap when her father died is graphic: 'What with poor papa poinROff at the Prince of WaUs's wiOx the gout getting nto his stomach, and tallow down to threepence, and eU hands on the bnr6t at once, it was an awful time.*' She informs Lady Bainault that ' t he doesn't give a hang for hands going on the burst for a spell, provided they arn't caucy in their drink;' and if Lady Hainault or another says anything exacting a little wonder, Geity cnpplies it with, ' Well, if that doesn't bang wattle gum !' She ends this stage by getting fires in sixteen fireplaces at once, *' to warm my poor bone*,' and then lies on her baokonthe hearthtug, talking unutterable nonsense and swearing ' by old gooseberry.' The name by which she gets known is ' the mulatto woman who swears,' The Saturday Review thought Mr. Kingley had painted the bosh beauty to the life. It fa twenty yean since Mr. Kingeley struck this patch. It would appear from hints thrown out bv other novelists who have caught the ear of the British public that they too found Gerty. They have happened on the bush beauty in her native haunts. But they don't give ns tbeiatitude and longitude, and everyone knows the island is wonderfully large. Wh»t we want to Know definitely is -Where's ' Gerty ?' 'Where can we come upon the young lad v who stands on her head, talks infinite rubbish, and gabbles slang? In what respect does tb.3 young lady in the Queensland buch differ from the young ladv in England or in Scotland ? And her Msterin tije New: South ^vales bush Or in the Victorian bush is just like her. Our own personal conviction is that, search the leng'h and breadth of the land, no ' Gerty ' will be found. There may, be, as we have intimated, a few pirfs of the country about which we have not sufficient evidence to enable us to speak dogmatically. That is why we submit the question to the publio. But we entertain little hope that there will arise among .the public anyone able to point to a *pot on the map of Australia and say the ' Gerty ' weare inquiring about, the bush beauty of the 'English noveluts, exists, or «ver has existed, there. % 