BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH, CALIFORNIA GULLY. Yesterday afternoon tho memorial stonos in con nection with the enlargement of tho above church were laid iii tho jireseneo of a very l.'irgo number .if persons. Tho erection of tho now addition was decided upon by the members of tho church come weeks hack, and tenders let to Mr. Butts for tho masonry and brickwork, and Mr. J. 1). Reeves for (lie carpentering, the whole to cost about £200. The new portion will accommodate about 150 more persons, and it is anticipated it will bo com pleted in about two months. It will be in the (iothic style of architecture, entrance being by doors on either side, and a large window being placed in the front of it. Shortly after four o'clock yesterday afternoon the children attending the Sabbath school in con nection with the church, were marshalled into marching order, and headed by the Revs. J. Orchard, A. Hicks, W. Tremayne, and the California Gully B.C. Brass Band, marched through the principal streets of tho Gully. During the procession tho band played a number of airs in a very creditable manner. On returning to the church yard a very large concourse of people assembled, and the ceremony was proceeded with. The Rev. J. Orchard, pastor of tho church an nounced that he had received a communication from Mr. G. Yeo, M.L.A., regretting liis inability to be piesent, and forwarding a chequo. The rev. gentleman said that a number of other persons had also promised donations to be placed on tlja stones to the amount of £liOor £70. He congratu lated the congregation on the necessity which existed for enlarging their church. This was, ho «aid, an age of progress, and churches as well as other institutions must keep pace with the times. The following gentlemen had consented to per form tho duty of laying the memorial stones:—Mr. H. M'Coll, M.L.A., Air. Green (mayor of Hagle hawk), Mr. Loudon (ex-mayor), and Messrs. J. J. llall, M, Thomas, G. Warne, and the Rev. W. Tremayne. The rev. gentleman having offered up a short- prayer, ^ The Kev. H. Pattinson read a portion of the Scriptures, after which the before-mentioned gen tlemen performed the ceremony of laying the stones, well and truly, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The gentlemen having each made a few remarks appropriate to the occasion, the ceremony was brought to a conclusion by a selection from the band under tho couductorship of Mr. Geake. An adjournment was then made to thG Wesleyan schoolroom, which had been kindly lent for the occasion, where a tea meeting was held. The following ladies provided the tea, and presided over the tables:—Mesdames 33. Roberts. Sandoe, Matthews, Goldsworthy, G. Glasson, T. Knde, Tollitt, J. Roberts, Ripper and Knight; and Misses Williams, Ellis (2), Glassan (2), Knight, Clifton, Hoare, Nolan, Matthews, Eunor, and Geako. Between three and four hundred persons sat down to the tea, which was of ail excellent character. In consequence of the large number °f persons present, Mr. M. Thomas, on behalf of the trustees, generously offered the use of the church in which to hold the public meeting. The otfer was accepted with thanks. After ample justice had been done to the tea, the public meeting was held. Mr. Huftb M'Coll, ML.A., occupied the chair, and there was a very large attendance, tho church being filled. Appro priate addresses were delivered bv the chairman, and the revs. ,T. Orchard, H. Pattinson, \V, Tremayne, A. Hicks, .111-J others. The church choir, under the leadership of Mr. Glasson. ren dered several anthems in a very pleasing manner, Miss Orchard ably presiding at- the organ. Votes of thanks having been accorded (he "fisieyan Church, speakers, choir, and ladies, a very successful gathering was brought to a .con clusion by the singing of tho doxologv. 