Noi a'Nbw BELiaioif. ' 1. In all ages there have- heen necromancers, those who consulted with the spirits of the de parted ijoharmers who throw people into a mesmeric, stato, soroerors who by oatiug poisonona horbs can boo everything, hear every thing, and tell everything, astrologers who found out. a new dispensation of the star.', ox ports in palmistry who can tell tho linuB in tho palm of your hand, your origin, your aisiory, uuu yuur uusuuy. jjrom cuo cavern on Mount Parnassus it is (aid thora' came up an atnwspWe that intoxicated tho shoep and tho go\ts thut camo near' by, and under its in fluence tho shepherds wore liftod into exulta tiou so that they could foretell future ovents aud consult with familiar spirits. Long beforo tho timo of Christ the Brahmins had all the table rocking and tho table quaking. What Dobs God Thihx of all these things P Ho Bays in one plaoo, ' I will bo a swift witness against tho sorcorers.' He says in another place : ' Thou shalt not suffer a wifoh to live.' Aud leBt you Bhould make too wide a margin between spiritualism and witchcraft, Ha groups them together in tho text and says : ' There shall not be found among you any consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a neoro mancer, for all that do these things are an abomination unto tho Lord.' And then tho still more romarkablo paasage which says : 'Tho soul that turneth after such as have famrliar spirits, and after wizardn, to go a whering after them, I will even set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people ;' and a Bcore of passages show that God never speaks of these evils in any other way than with living thunders of indignation. After all that, be a spiritualist if you dare 1 II. SPIEIT0ALIBS TAKES ADVANTfttfB OP PsorLB .when they are weak and morbid with trouble. We lose a frieud. The house iB dark, the world is dark, the future seems dark. If we had in our rebellion and in our weakness the power to marshal a host ami re-captare our loved one from the next world, wa wrnilH marshal the host. Oh how Wb Lotra to. Speak ?with- thb Dbad! Spiritualism comes in at that momenji, when we are nil worn out, perhaps by six weeks' or two months' watohing, all worn out body, mind, and soul, and says, ' Now, I will open tho door, you shall hear the voioes; take your pl»o«B. around tho table; all be quint now.' Five minutes pnsa along ; no response from the next world. Ten minutes, fifteen,: minutes, twenty minutes. Nervous system all tho time more and more agitated. Thirty|minutes,no response from the next world, forty minutes pus, and ths ta'ole begins to shivor.. Then the medium sits down, his hand twitching, and tho pen and the ink and the paper having been provided, he writes out Thb Mbssa93 Fnoit thb Kbzt Woblb. What is remarkable is that these spirits aftor being in the illumination of heaven, some of them for years, forgot how to spell right. People who wore excellent grammarians come back, and with their first sentence smash all the laws of English grammar. I received tuoh a 1OULVX-. X IIU^CUDU LU JkUUVT WIG JiltlU U1&1- signed it. It was a misorably spelled letter. I sent it back with tho remark, ' xo\i jutt send word to those spirits thsy had better go to school and study orthography.' Is comes im time of weakness aud overthrows the soul. Now, juet think of - Spibits EsrtHBONBDgiN Hbatex, coming down to crawl under a table, and braak crockery, and ring the hell before suppor is ready, and rattle the shutters on a gusty night. What consolation in suet miser able stuff a-i compared with the consolation of our departed friends free from toil and sin and pain, are for erer hasp?, and that we will join them, noi in mysterious and half utterance which make3 tho hair stand on end, and makos cold chills creep along tho back, but in a re union moit blessed and happy and glorious. r 'And none shall murmur or mtudoubt, Whon God's great sunrise finds us out.' Oh, I hate spiritualism because it takes advantage of peoplo when they are weak and worn out, and morbid under tho bereavements and Borrows of this life. iii. — ;pibi1t/almjos an ajfaib ob the Night. Tho DavenportJ, tha i'oxes, the Fowlers, and' all the mediums prefer the nighty or, if it is in the day timo, a darkened room. Why? Secauni deception iB more successful in the night. Somo of the thiogB done in spiritualism aro unquestionably nob frauds, but are to be ascribed to . . Some Ocodxt Iaaw; : but many of their feats are arraDt and unmiti gated humbug. All the mediums of the past did their work in the night. . The Witch : of Kndor held her seance in tho night. Deeds of darkness? Away with Hub religion of spooks. IV.— SriBiTr/ALiBH Botns thb Physical Health. look in upsa an audience of spiritualists. Cadaverous, pale, worn out, exhausted. Hands cold and clammy. Nothing prospers but long hair— Boft marBhes yielding rank grass. Somo timeB staitling going through that room, clothed in white. Table fidgetty ai though1 to get its feet looeo and dance. Voico is sepul chral. Rappings mvBterious. I never new a confirmed Spiritualist who had a' healthy nervous organisation. It is the first stages of epilepsy or catalepsy. I havo noticed that people who hear a great miny rappings from tho next world have not much strength to, enduro tho hard raps of this. What a sin it iB fcr you, my brother, to be trifling with your norvous syBtem. Get your nervous system out .of turie and :the whole imivfliMfl ift nnh nf t.unn nn faf an vnn nvA pjin. cerned. Better tamper with the chemist's re tort that may »mite you dead, or with the engineer's steam-boilor that may blow you to atoms, than trifle with your nerves. You can live without eyea, and with one lung and with no hands and no feet. Be happy as men have boen happy in such misfortune ; but alas 1 if your nervous system is gone. Y. — Spiritualism is a marital and social curse. Deeds of darkness and orgies , of obscenity have transpired under ita wing. I cannot tell you tho story. I will, not pollute my tongue or your cars with tka revital. Enough to know that the criminal courts have often bi'en onlled to- Btop the oriminality. How many families have been brokon up hero in Brooklyn and throughout the United Staten ! Women by the hundreds havo. by Spiritualism been pinned off into a life of profligacy. ' It omploys all that phraseology about 'spiritual affinities,' and. 'afnn-tul relation',' and ' ipiritual matches' and The Whoiob Vooabulaby oj Tbbh Lots. It is a'; «rar with the marriage relation. I read you from one of their prominent papers . whore it says :— 'Marringe is the monster curse of civilisation,' The Spiritualist paper goes on to say, ' Mamsge controls education, is ths fountain of BelGahneaa, the cause of iu temporancs and debauchery, the souroo and aggravation of poverty, tho prolifio mother of disease and crime. The society, we want is men and women living in f«cdom, Bustainiog themselves by their, onn industry, dealing with each othor in equity, respecting each other's sovereignty and governed by their attractions.' If Spiritualism hud full swing it would turn this world into a pandenioaium of carnality. It is an unolean and an adulterous religion, and tne sooner it coos town to me pic BVoh which It Oamr Up, the better for earth and heaven. For tho sake of man's honour and woman's purity, 1st it parish. I with I could gathor up all the caps it has ovor heard from spirits. bleat or damned on its own head in one thundoriog rap of on' nihilation. . . VI. — Spibituamsm Pboduoes IkbIkity. Thoro is not oo aaylum from Baogo: to San Francisoo where there ore^not fie torn and blesding viotimj of spiritualism. Ton go into an asyluin and soy : — ' What i» tho mattor with this man?' Tho dootors will tell you again and agaio, 'Spiritualism demented him.' ' What is the matter with this woman?' Tho dootors will tell you, ' Spirituiliim domontod' her ' Thoy hare been carried off into mental miduight— seuaton, judges of oourti — and at one timo they oamo near capturing a President- of the . United. ...Status. iAfc Slushing, Long' Island, there waa a 'happy ? .home. The father became 'infatuated with Spiritualism, forsook Wb home, took the £3,000, tho only £3,000 he had, surrendered tho amount to a New Tori, medium, threo timeB attempted to take his own life, nnd thoa was sent to tho Btato lunatic asylum. You put your hand na the hand of this mfluonco, and it will lead you down to darknssB, ctoraal dark ness, where Spiritualism holds an everlaiting seance. Ths Steameb Atlantic. ' Btarted from Huropo for Amorica. Aftor it had boon out long enough to get to tho middle of the ocean, tho mnchinory broke, and for dajs ? and weeks the steamer Atlantic tossed about in the waves. Well, thero vrcro many frionda of passengers in thoao cities, and they aaid, '1'hat vessel has gone down ; it in a month Bince she was due; that vessel must have flunk.' Thoro wero wives who went to spiritual mediums to learn tho fate of that vessel. Tho spirits were - gathered round tho table, and they B»id that vessel had gono to the bottom with all on board. Somo of thoBO womon wont to the inBono asylum and passed tho reat of thoir lives. But ono day, off Quarantine, a gun was ? heard. FlagB wont up on all tho shipping, bells of Now York and Brooklyn wore rung, nowsboje ran through the atronls shouting, *|ffitra ! Tho Atlantio, safe 1' The vessel came to the wharf, and thoro was embracing ot long absent ones ; but Bome of these men went up to tho insane asylums to find their wiv »in- caroeratod by , This Fora Gheat 01 Hdli, -SpiEnr/AiiBif. What did Judge Edmonds say in Broadway Taborna'lo, New fork, whilo making argument in bohalf of spiritualism, himself having been fully captured ? What did Judgo Edinondo say P He admitted this : ' Xheru is a fascina tion about consultation with thn spirits of the dead that has a tendency to load people off from their right judgment, und to instil into them a fanaticism that is revolting to the natural mind.' Spiritualism both ruins itB disciples asd Euins its Mediums. No sooner had the Gaderean swine on ths bonks of Galileo become spiritual mediums than they went down in an avalanohe of pork to. the consternation of all the. herdemen. Spiritualism bad for a man, bad for a woman, bad for a beast. . ,. ? YIT. — Spibitisalism: Bttins the Sotr,. It first makes a man a quarter of em infidel, then it mnkcB him half an infidel, then it makes him a full infidel. The whole Bystem is built on the insufficiency of the Biblo as a revelatidn. If God is ever struck Bquaro in tho faco it is when men Bit at a table, put their hunds on the table, and practically say : — ' Coma, you spirfte of the departed, and make a revelation in regard to the future world which tho Biblo has rot made. Come father, come mother, come com panion in life, my childron, come, tell me something about the future world which the Bible is not able to tell me.' Athough the Bible says he thut adds to it shall bs found a liar, men are ull the time getting these revcls- tiens, or trying to get them, from the nest world. You wiU either, my brother, my suter, you will either have to give up the Bible or give up spiritualism. Fo Okb Bvbb Kbpt Both or Them Ioks.. I recoivod a letter yesterday from a gentle' man saying he wasaChristian and aSpiritualut and that he hud boen brought up under the ex* eallenfc tfachicg of Theodora Parker, of Boston. Theodore Porker, a worse infidel than Tom Paine, bocauso Tom Paine never pretoudod to' be anything but an infidel. I ean understand how a man brought up under Theodore Parker can believe Spiritualism or anything elae. Yon. will either have to givo up Spiritualism or y«a. will hove to give up the Biblo. How do I knowtbat Spiritualism 19 antagon istic to the Christian religion? I know it bv tho factthatSpiritualists call up tho spirits of those who believed in the Christian . religion hero, but comiag now from tho n^xt. world, de nounce it. i hoy call up, as I hare ('vidciico to show, Lorenzo 1'ow, tho ovangeiiat What does he do? Coming at their call he Dbnounobb Ait, Cheistiahs as Idomtoes. They call up Tom Piine. Ue «ays he is. stopping at tho Bamn house -with John Bunyan ! Thoy call up John Weplcy, who denounces Christianity, coming from tho spititual world, although all his life hu 00 gloriously vrcmhtd it. Andrew Jackson Davis,' the' 'chief of? thoir apoBtles, sayB that tin New '.I'estamenti is a dismal eoho of a barbaric, age: - In another - place he Bays the Bible is a pen-and-ink relio of Christianity. I have in mr house a bnok use\i in Spirituulistio service in this oity years ago. It ooutainB ' ?? A Catbchism and a hymn-book. The oateohi3ui haY these questions and answers : — . .,.,..,- ' Q What is our chief haptiam ?' ' ' ' A. Frequent ablution in water. . , ; - Q. What is our inspiration ?.* .„,'? .,'.; A, Preah air and sunshine. .-?-'? ? Q. What ii our love fe«st ?., A. Clear conocienoff and sound slec^. Q. What is our prayer ? ? .?,?;'?.' A. Phjsioil exercise.' And then it goes on to show; that a great proportion of their religious uorrics is a system of calisthenics. Then when, thny w/.nt to arouse the devotion of the pooploto tho highest pitch, they give out the hyinn' on tho 6Bth page :— ' ?? :.?' Oli Tho night hath gathered up her silicon frlngos. Or, on the 15th pnge : :?-.?»«?; HiSf Como to tho woods, heigh ho ! But you say you are not such a fool as that. You will be it you koep on with your Spiritu. alism. ' Oh I' says tome one, ' don't you really think it might authenticate Ohvist.ia.nity f don't you know there aro bouio peoplo who dony thoro is any futuro worid ? and don!,t you realise that if tpirits come back from aDother world it will persuade thorn that there is anotner woriu r jlo iinat quo.-uiou 1 answer in the ringing words of the Sou of God : ' If they believe no* M0103 and the prophets, nnither will- they boliove though 0110 rose, from the dead.' j I boliove this sorjnon under God will save somo from disease, and death, and ' darkness, and doom. '^?':'\'. I think we havo como to the ..timo?euol-on of by the Apostle when he says : ?' In the latUr times some shall dennrfc from tho ifiith,giving heed to seducing spirits. '_ And i think never so much as now the words of my text neod to bo rung in all tho churches : ' There'ehall n«i bo found among you any p.on_suHyr.Awitk familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necronHoetr,, for all that do these things are aa abomination ujto Iho Lord.' . ,-,; . I Invite Tor to a Ohbistiaw Ssajtob —not a midnight but a noonday soanb^ ! -This whole ohureh is family Hero is the' table. Put the Bible on the table. Thon. letus put our hands on tho Bib'.o, and ? Iioton.'if ly(e can oatoh a voioa from the next; world; ?£ Tho answer oomes : ' The secret tliingtf' bqlorig. unto the Lord ou' God ; but those. things whioh are revealed bolor.gtous and to our children for ever.' That is a voico from Ui6 noxt world. Beforo you quit ihio Christ iuw 'sabnua 'I; want yoa to promise that you will trust in tho Word, of God as it is uutil the light of the, eternal wdrm iiaeuus upuu utj. ' ' . C Do not sit at a worldly ecatiau ailhor in fun or in earnest Havo your tables bo well ,mado that they will not tip. If the table must'movo hnvo it move under th« office.;!. of industrious housewifery. Lev your eliiU'.K'n k'nbw 'there are no ghosts except thoao that walk, on two cr ' four feet — human or bostiol Do not goto get ' '' somebody to' tell yoiur foctuuo. Toll your own /' f ortuno by pulling your trunk ia Godaiid doing f * your bo«t. . ... ?'. 1 .,;i ' j I wile Tbll Yotrn Fobtdhb.' ' 'All things work together for good frj'trfow thai lsve God.' Do not inuult your departed friends by asking them' to coruo into a dark . eloset to out up capers, or crawl undor tbe ex- 1 tension table. Bemombor there is orii-f one Bpirit you have a tight to invoke, ? and jhat i» the grand, the glorious, the augusb, the'- holy, the Omnipotent Spirit of God thntHhovors this morning around your soul and'that hits' been around you all your life lbn£. 'That. Spirit-' now movingupou your soul. CJrievb Him not away. The. voico dropping through tho roof doming in at tho window, filling nil this room- - .,1 from door fo dpor and from floor to coiling ' ' with tender and overmastering intonation* saying ' My Spirit shall not always slriyo.' 