GEOFFRY STIRLING Br MBS. IHITH ADAMS. PART IIL—CHAPTER V. _ (Continued.) " Ralph," said Hilda, freeing herself from the girdle of his arm. rising to her feet, standing before him, slender, yet resolute, with something pleading in her attitude and voice, yet much of courage too; "Ralph, there is something I must say." "Is there?" he answered, looking up at her in the soft grey light, and thinking that her beauty, painted on the dusk showed all the fairer for its sombre canvas; " say it then. I am not afraid to hear anything you hare to Bay." let tor all these brave and loving words of his there was a tremble in Hildas voice as she did his bidding. " I could never leave mothie. You would not ask me, dear, wonld you ? because you know all I am to her; you have seen it, day by day; but yet I do not love you less, loving her so much—rather more, for all my thoughts and fears for her will now be shared by you. I shall show yon all my heart about her one day, keeping nothing back." In the expansive and delightful frame of mind in which Ralph Stirling found himself at the present juncture his faith in the largemindsaness of humanity was unbounded; his blind trust and confidence in Lady Rosea wen knew no limits. The place that longer a misty mental picture. It was defined and in perfect harmony with the rest. Tho (social) arms of the lady of Earl's Cragg were to embrace, not only Hilda, but Hilda's mother. Nurse Prettyman would lighten .his darling's caress and duties. But here some slight misgiving came over Ralph. He pnt back the dark locks from his brow with that gesture that was so like the dead £athet, and at sight of which poor old Anthony's eyes were ever ready to twinkle tearfully. Ihere had been certain signs of ill-will 111 Mrs. Prettyman towards the widow of Gabriel Devenant—signs that had not made much impression upon Ralph at the time, .but that now recurred to him somewhat unpleasantly. Of course women fall out with one another. It is a way they have. Doubtless there had been petty feminine jealousies when Mrs. Devenant was at the Dale.' And no one—not even a man who was passionately and intensely in love with her daughter Hilda—could look upon Mrs. Devenant as other than a woman of an irritable and trying temper, whose sorrows and trials had embittered instead of softening her nature. To none had Hester shown to better advantage than to the young squire of Dale End since his return from death to life—from a far-distant land to his own lonely home; and vet, even Ralph quickly understood what a hard woman she was to live with, and his heart swelled within him as he realized that bis darling's daily life must be as a pathway set with thorns. And yet, to come between this mother and daughter—these two who seemed so strangely isolated from all ties of kindred or of friendship—'would have taken the guise of a sin in his eyes. He wonld sooner strengthen and support Hilda in doing what was right, than lead her to a wrongful and cowardly life of restfnlness. Besides, as has been said before, though doubtful how far he could answer f or Mrs. Prettyman, he was full of confidence in Lady Boscawn. trusted that others would be led by her, and in the end, that Mrs. Devenant might be weaned from her morbid and unhealthy love of a solitude devoted to dwelling upon a cruel past. So should she be a light and not a shadow in the home that was Hilda's and his. These thoughts flashed through his mind as Hilda—a gracious figure in the mellow gloom; her daffodil- coloured gown showing white, the violet iris at her throat matching her eyes—spoke of " Mothie" with a tremble in her voice. When she had said her say, and waited— drawing her breath a little qaickly—for his reply.he took her hand, ana with a gentle chivalry that well became him, raised it to hiB lips, holding it there a moment or so before he let it go. And Hilda knowing all the meaning of that mute caress, and that she and " Mothie" were to be given over to Ralph's dear keeping—together not apart— loved him with a deeper and completer love thanever, if thatwere possible, for "Mothie's" sake. " My love," she said, " my love !" and ashe rose, and standing by her side, clasped his arm about her shoulders, she turned and touched his hand with her lips, the while a little sob of mingled joy and pride and passionate tenderness, told how deeply she was stirred. " I have stayed away from mother too long as it is," she said, speaking rather breathlessly in her sudden lit of self-reproach; " I have been so happy, that 1 have forgotten all the world except you, Ralph ! I will go now and tell her all my happy news." She flitted through the dusk that was rapidly silvering into moonlight, leaving him alone with his own thoughts, or rather misgivings. For the spell of her immediate presence removed, misgivings crowded oa him thick and fast. He remembered Davey, who, from being an ever-welcome friend, had apparently all at once presented himself to Mrs. Devenant's mind as a would-be robber and an enemy. Would a like fate overtake himself? If so. how best to Bhield Hilda from trouble, and yet yield not one inch in his resolve to claim her as his wife before the world, his by the divine tight of the love she bore to him, and the love and reverence he gave to her? " Nothing shall part us—nothing!" he mattered to himself, as he pased impatiently up and down the room, whose floor was barred with a broad pathway of moonlight that came shimmering through the op an casement. And as he chafed and fought with many windmills in the form of possible obstacles to be put in the way of his desires, Hilda came stealing to his side like a dear little ghost, slipping her hand under his arm, and pacing by his side to and fro, to and fro, while that glorified track of light seemed a fitting pathway for those whose hearts were bright with the dnal flame of hope and love. " She is still asleep," said Hilda, speaking softly ad people are apt to do in the moonlight ; " I covered her feet with a shawl, and lighted the lamp 80 that she might not wake in the dark. The moon is not shining in at her window as it is here. Poor mothie ! she looks so tired and worn, Ralph, when she is sleeping. It is only then you really see how worn she is, and when she wakes she says the strangest things sometimes, or rather she says them in her sleep—over and over again— until she wakes." " What things, Hilda?" " Strange things; and do you know, I sometimes fancy that Davey was not always kind to her." "Davey not kind to her? I cannot fancy Davey anything but kind and tender to every suffering creature on God's earth !" " Nor I, and that is what troubles me. I seem to be doing him a cruel wrong, and yet—his name is for ever on my mother's Dps. Sometimes I wake with the sound of it rmging in my ears, 'Davey, Davey! do not call me that; not that—not that!' Ah, it is pitiful to hear how she will moan, while you can see the great beads of Bweat standing on ber forehead, and her hands twisting and turning like those of one in dreadful pain." "Hilda, this must be some fancy that has taken possession of her mind; some perverted fancy that clings to her, and will not be cast aside: it cannot have any ground in truth." "No, no," said Hilda, clinging closely to her lover's arm, and trembling as she still kept pace with him. " No, it cannot be a real thing that haunts her so, and yet how terrible and real it seems at the time ! ' Not that, not that / anything but that!' I tell i quiet, fancying ''Doesshe ever walk in her sleep?" said B«ph, holding the girl's hand firmly in his own so that she might feel conscious of the comfort and stay of his nearness, his oneness with her in all that could distress or try her. Yes; not often, but yet often enough to make me never really at rest about her. sometimes she will talk about my—my rather—about his terrible death—fancy she is hunting him along the roads and down by the dykes—but oftenest >t is Davey—Davey pursuing her with some horrible threat and accusation." || Accusation?" "Yes, for once, as I was following her, afnud to wake her lest some evil should Detal her, she fell forward on her knees, put up her hands as il to shield herself from something infinitely dreaded, and cried out, Dave a j ' y > not t h a t a n d thea » he cowered down upon the ground, moaning and crying. I tell you there is no blood upon my hands. It is, maybe, wrong to tell you all these things. I have borne them in silence. I have told them to no one—no one ! I ha ve Kept it all hidd<m, even from the servants in the house, but now is it wrong, dear, to tell m , y heart breaking for her? Mothie, mothie!" (To be continued.) WICKED Foa CLERGYMEN.-" I believe it to be^l wrong and even wicked for clergymen or other public men to be led into giving testimonials to quck doctors or vile staffs tailed medicines, but when a really meritorious article is made up of common valuable remedies known to all, and thit all physicians use and trust in daily, we should freely commend it I therefore cheerfully and heartily commend HOT Bitters for tbe good they have done me and my mends, firmly believing they have no equal fir family use. I will not tie without them." —Rev. , Washington, D. C. Ren 308mwf5 