MINING NOTES. (r&ou; ooa ovra oobbespokdehts. | SANDHURST. Ths bniinesa of tho veelc was characterised by eercrai false etarta in variouB parts oi the die- trict, and tho general result waB not oxer satis- factor/. Quite a revival took place in Goldeu Gully stocks, with very extensive trad, in New Union Jack and New Morning Light, but ae usual they bad an ephemera! existence and ate gradually goiug ont of the marktt again. Ou the New Chuui lino the Kureka Eztendo i, just «a thoy had got everything to rights aud wero about to crosscut for tho reef, mot with two un fortunate accidents in thoir shaft, wuicb will dolay them for tea duys or a fortnight. North New Ohuui stocks opened very weak, but the N'ewOhumamt Victoria, finding soma rich spurs iu tbo winze Horn 1373 feet level, caused a rapid spirt in that class of stock and a corresponding relapse. Thero was no important change lit the North Old Chum, but it was currently reported that the reef iu Lausoil's lflt) claim going north wus showing splendid gold, and this caused a atrung demand for Victoria Quartz shares, but they uIbo rocidod' towards thu close. Following tho tuain western line north, tuo Her cules uud Energetic caused a mild flutter uu Saturday by their cuttiug ipiurts, ahowiug gold, in the oast crosscut at7ootect ;and still tur.ber north the New tit. Muugo, oatly ia tbe week, met with quartz snowing gold, ia their shaft, at a depth or U70 feet, but theso two discoveries, being of little real importance, hud only a. temporary and very limited edect upon thu general market. South St. Mungohasun excellent yield, and declared a good dividend besides pay ing off nearly £500 on their machinery account. The yield was much better than oven thu best in formed bud expected, and consequently tbe shares, wiiicn previously bad been rather depressed, were on Saturday in much better requoaL There is no good news from eithar tbo Garden Gully or Hustler t lines of reef. At Sebastian, liruhua Freehold have steadily >160111101 in price, thuugh tho stock has been well supported by lurgo holders. Their amalgam of 403 oz. from tbe ripples, i. considerably less than that lor tho ccrresponding week of the pretiouB lortnight. The aggregate gold yields, being for the " ou week" ouiy, reach a total of about -1'2'JO oz., aud must thsieiure hu reguided as unsatisfactory, as tbov are much below tbe average, though numerous in point of numiiers. Four dividend claims, including tho Hercules aud Energetic, distribute a total of £5'J75, and the calls are net excessive. ' Tho directoriea of the various companies which have suffered from the Fletcher deialcations have at lost been goaded into taking action Hgaiwt thu dutuultor, who was arrested ou Saturday uight, and it is satisfactory to noto tnut tho Garden Gully United Company, which is admittedly the premier mine of ' tho district, baa been tbe - first to accept the - responsibility of prosecuting. Although tbo directors have boon rather slow in taking action, oultidors must not jump to the conclusion that the rnorate oi Sandhurst directors is u; a lower standard than other goidfields. They are mostly of a phlegmatic temperament, and uro rather slow in their movements. This may bo partly the effest of tbe pursuit in which they uro en gaged, a« quartz milling requires steady, plod ding persovorance, and is never carried on witn the dnsh and rapidity which characterises uliuvial enterprises. There wore bo many companies iu tho .roahlo, that each was waiting for tho othe: to take the initiative steps, ai.d the attempt at concerted notion has boen mainly responsible for the delay. -Tho Kurekn Extendod had just got everything into good working order, and the water nearly nil ont of the sbalt, w'heu a series of mishaps oc- ; curred, which will delay tbem for the best part ; of a fortnight, l'boy wero baling with a tank, but the skids not being fixed quite to i ho bottom, the engine driver had lieeu cautioned not to show tlio tank to go boluw tho runners, iu a moment of carelessness this is just what wus done, und when it was attempted to haul it up aguiu, tho tank got jammed, tho rope bud to he cut, uud the water rose in the Ghaft. Almost simultaneously, about 1511 foot of pump rods fell down the last column oi lifts, aud they have not beeu recovered yet. New Chum Railway has completed tho plat, and started to crosscut east at llUti foot. They have resumed ainkiug tho winze from 1025 feet level, and find the qnartz from 8 to 10 inches thick, showing fair gold ; 45S tons crushod for Hit) oz, 13 dwt. gold. Shenan doah bus 67 oz. Xli dwt. from 151 tous, and will shortly commence' to replace their winding plant with tbe new artkl more powerful machinery. North Shenandoah has a poor return. Craven's Freehold shaft is down 930 foot, ami a plat being cut at 910 feet. KlJesmere No. 1 reports a re turn of 35 oz. 8 d vt. from 105 tons, but no change in tho workings. Now Chum Unitod has the fino return of J73 oz. 9 dwt. irom-430 tons, und declared Is. dividend. Lazarus shaft has reached 1537 feet, and lUny are now preparing to crosscut Tbe N'o. 1 Company at 1435 feet in the south level find the reef sitll making larger and of promising appearance. New Chum and Victoria has finished tho plat at 1500 feet and started to crosscut They should intorsect the reef strata iu about 30 loet east of tbo shaft. The winze, from 1373 feet, is down 30 feet, and has been lately sunk through a series of spurs, ouo of which showed very rich gold, and another tair gold. All the indications in this direction point to tho conclusion that they aro very close to the reef, and some good judges hold tbe opinion that tbe winze ia going down alongside the rocf. Tbe bottom crosscut will, however, settle ail these surmises iu a very short timo, as the country is cumparatlveiy easy. North Old Chum at the 1550 feet level have driven north 37 feet, -and find tbe ground very bard, with a little quartz on the hanging wail. Tho . rite is up 30 feet, and there has beeu more or iese quartz in it ail tbe way. Tbe rumors about Lansell'a ISO claim are that tho " Big Bonanza" is showing splendid gol.t going north at the 1680 feet level, causing Victoria Quartz to coino into demand again. The Hercu les and Energetic, shortly after couimeuciug tbo crosscuts at- 780 i'lO- oi Energetic shaft, met with quartz showing gold, in the eastern crosscut. This is a continuation of ths stone intersected by tho abaft higher up. Groat Extended Hercules have cut plat' and started to crosscut at 309 leet level. The shaft of the Groat Exteuded Victoria is Jowu 433 feet New Viotoria Catherine shaft has reached 581 feet, and the crosscut at 5d0 leet is extended 60 foot, and another small spur showing geld - baa been intersected. New -t. Mungo cut quartz ahowiug fair gold at a depth oi 670l'eol in their shaft. They br.Te resumed sinking the winze from the end of the 675 feet south level. Their return is 140 oz. 1 dwt. from 1S5 tons. Duchoss Tribute has 40 oz. 9 dwt, from 100 tons, taken from various porta of the inittr. South Devonshire has the decidedly improved yield of 68 oz. of gold from 120 tons. Tbe quartz was taken from the backs at 450 teat und below the 510 feet JevcL Duchess of Edinburgh has a miserable yield, and will scarcely go oo crush ing uutil they meet with more encouraging pros pects. United Devonshire has 163 oz. 9 dwt. from 460 tons, and no change in the mine worth reporting. Hopewell out quurtz in their shaft at 500 feet and are making a trial crushing of the spun at 875 fees loveL Princess Alexandra have started to rise from the end of tbe 691 feet level, and will resume sinking tb» winze from tbe end of the crosscut. A contract bu been let for the removal and erection of the winding plant, which will cost altogether about £1200. Extended St, Mungo cut a large spur in the 470 feet crosscut, but they have still about 80 feat to driva before they can hops to get the formation on which the winze from 340 feet level is sunk. I'h cnix amalgam ia very poor, but that from tits Unicorn Tribute, being from ono battery, is fairly goad. South St. Mungo obtained 795 oz. from 450 tons, and declared a dividend of le. 0d. |>er sbuie. Tho winze from the 530 feet level has been sunk 61 feet, and shoulj bole to tbe backa above 610 feet level very shortly. The abaft is down 656 feet. Their contribution to tbe crushing account wua £176, and an additional £250 has been paid off the machinery. Lady Barkly paid a pimilar amount towards tbe credit of the machinery account, and their crushing account came to £140. They report 228 oz. amalgam. St. Mungo Company has 162 oz. 17 dwt. from 756 .tons. Tbe shaft is down 757 feet, and they will open out at 750 feet. Sadowa amaleao of 200 oz. ia on(y moderate, but they are still beating away tbe western atone, and better yietds may bo expected aitp tbe e; pjnttfA el this tort- .night. FJlonhorough has 260 oz. amalgam. At tho 800 feet wast crosscut the black leader hu been intersected with a iittlo quartz on it. The crosscut will bo cuntinued-to tbe western leader. Belmont and Sazhy has the good yield of 315 oz. 8 dwt. from 538 tons, and dochirid a 6:1. divi dend. The shaft is down 853 feet. Acadia Catherine is meeting with very favorsble indications in the 1060 feet crosscut, and thoy must be getting near the reef. Cathe rine United in tho win/o 178 feet below 980 feot level have crosscut through 8 feet of quartz into broken strata, but not reachod the eastern back. The crosscut will bo continued till the western and black leaders are reached. The main shaft is down 961 leet. On the Garden Gaily line there has been very Iittlo stir. Garden Gully United has 493 oz. 5 dwt. from 636 tons, hut no dividend : the shaft is down 1219 feot. Victory and Pandora Amal gamated hu stopped tho crosscut at 16G0 feet, as tbe face has got into clear country under lying east. 'The whole of their attention will now lo direclail to the 1760 feet crosscut, where it is confidently expected tbe spurs passed through ' in Iho 1860 feet crosscut will be found in a solid reef formation. North Johnson's cut a spur showing fair gold at the 240 feel levol. Tho 855 feet crosscut has got into black shale with a thin thread of quartz in the face. Rose of Denmark has tbe good return of 132 oz. 9 dwt. from 224 tons. In Hustler's stocks, the City of Sandhurst Company is still waiting for tho Reserve to provo the reef sufficiently sonth to afford a guide for thorn in opening out in tbe shaft. The Hustler's ncsotvu iv. a iru&ueu; tt i hkius irotD wuo Dij; western stone for an avenge of 3 dwt. to tho ton. They have been breaking good payable quartz from the Park reef. The Park Company is underhand stoping 230 feet south of the crosscut at 400 feet level, and see fair cold in the quartz. Great Extended Hustler's Tribute shaft is down 1465 feet, and now in hard sandstone. Groat Extended Hustler's Company, in the 1450 feet crosscu., have driven through 16 feet of solid qanitz and 5 feet of broken quartz and mullock, butnotyetrcaohod the eastern back. ' In miscellaneous stocks, New Morning Light expected about 1 J oz. to tho ton, from the spurs taken from tbe Mount Blanch shaft. As tlio quartz did not average quite 10 dwt. to the ton, and was picked at that, it was not surprising that 'a damper was thrown on Golden Gully ventures. Now Union Jack has yet to prove the value of its prospect about 330 feet level, hy the only infallible tost of tho crashing battery. G. G. Consolidated is breaking very rich quartz from tho small spur in intermediate level below 490' feot.. . At Sebastian, Hruhn'a F'reehold has 40S oz. amalgam from tho ripples and Number 20 Tribute crushoJ IS loads for 34 oz.,from stono taken from tbe 150 feet level, near Bruhn's boundary. BALLARAT. All tho world's a problem, anil its many mines aro merely puzztos ; most minos in their timo playing many parts. At least it is generally so iu this part of the world, and tho little games "played around," as it is phrased in the Amorican language, only serve to,udd -to tho mental and financial irritation of the hindmost. Iho two puzzles most engaging attention here just now are the fuLuro of tho Berry Consols shaft and the course of the deep ground from the Hepburn Home Pndduck. As to the Consols shaft Robert Jones and Co. bavo undertakon to put it down for £6500, and work will probably bo started this week if tlio party can 1)0 luado up bo soon. For I may intorin you that tbo party is to be a oo-opcrativo ono, all tho twelve or sixteen men required for tho work to be partners in the venture, Jones us boss, and running most risk, lo have a larger share than any of the others. The Consols Company supplies pumping and hauling power und timber, but the co-opzrators tiro to pay for tho timber at the last if the venture he a success. Suine of'tho Corner wags are proposing to mako a book on the event, but Jones, who had practical acquaintance with cylinder use in drift siuking here on thu Newington ground a dozen years and more ago, exprosr.es groat con fid snce in tlio issno o: hia experiments at tho Consols. It is much to be hope I that he is not miscalculating the chances, for it is of tile greatest mouieut, as woil to tbo shareholders in the Consols us to tbe course of business in .tho share market, that the shaft bo put down or given npns soon as possible, as tbe mine Btops ibe way, so to speak, or rather the not being able to gel at tiie mine is stopping the course of speculation and protracting calls to a sorious degree. Tbe opening up of the Consols ground is looked to not merely for what it will give in tbe shape of gold, but for the light it will throw upon tbo trend of tbe gutters tberoabouts. Rivers I should say in strlotuoss, for it is out of all proportion to talk of thu alluvial deposits of the Creswick.Kingston field as gutters, such enormous washes as are met with there being absolutely unique in thobiatoryof alltit-iul mining in Australia. .Consols stock has kept steady all the past week. " It's there," is the mystic sign, aud so the slock is soreueiy unaffected by the costly and vexatious puzzle of tbe drift. Tlio oinor prooieui touoning tnc course ot the Ma uu) Ruddock lead lias its Montagues and its Capuiots to fight ovor the issue, whether the trend of the wa;h is north by west through t ho UepluirnConaols .to Hepburn No. 1, or south by west through tiie southern extremity of tho H. Consols, Lady Hop- born, &c.f; to the Lord Harry nr,d Madame Berry vaffey or valleys. Tho Moutaguos go for tho _ northern course, tho Capuiots for tho southern, and theso last base their theory on tbo fact that . a iinoof shallow bores exists across tho uortlioriy course .between tbe l'addock and the Consols, and that tho latest Consols bore south ward is the deepest oi its series. The bore bot tomed at 280 feet, or only 16 feet above tbo getter depth, and tlio strata cut by the bore were similar to those cut in tho Ruddock No. 2shait und hy tho bores in the claims to the sou'.h-west of tlio Consols, from all ol wliioli facts tiie in ference has been drawn that the lead goes south ward or south-westward und not northward or nortliiive-tward, with tho apparently general fall ot the country. Tbo .Montagues reply, on bebalt of the northerly course— firel, iliut the general full of tbe country is north-west, then that tbe Ruddock grouud bus beeu dipping that uay, and that there is plenty of room botwoun the .aid line of shallow bores for tho load to pass through. It is wh.it tbo lawyers call n neat issue, und one of tbu rejoinders by tba Capuleta ia that us a ruio the country there has a soft reel for bod rock, and that is aguinst the probability oi tbo ex.stonco of any such precipitous breuk us ia necossary to tlio formation between tbo shallow bures of tbo deep narrow gorgo required by tbo advouutes of tbe northerly outlet. To this tho Montague surrejoinder is that the course of depths ascertained indicate tho probabi ities. There isPadiioekNo. 3 bore, 272 feet: thtre is tlio Rocky Lead abaft wbich bottomed at -92 feet; there is the Hepburn No. 1 bore 397 feet, ami there is the Smeatou Racecourse No. 1 bora which stopped at 315 feot in drift, all pointing to tlio general outlet i or ull tho old wotld system of wuterconrscs in the north-west. And so tlio problem stands in tbe meantime, und, like ull other mining nuzzles, can only bo resolved by tho pick and shovel. Upon the issue wait the claims ou the outsido fringe all round oust uud wost of the north- west passage route, some of which hare been idle ever since tbo panic that set in a year or so ago. Tho ltocky Lcui drove east in obe- dionco re the theory in vogue that tbe Ruddock gutter was going that way. but nothing was ever found ot any good there, and tbo western or north-western country has yet to bo explored. Tho Consols is in this lucky position— that it can afford to bo happy either way, aud it is clear that the advo cates of the northerly course have not lust heart, as No. 1 and Rocky Lead both firmed during tho week, as did also Consuls. But the Rocky Load appears to bo ncur a gutter of some sort, aud that helps to keep the stock firm. The Berry stocks ' all round have been steady, but Lougblin has given way a little with tbo poorer yield, tiie higher wash not turning out so well as was ex pected. The Wost ltistori ia increasing its returns, and the stock firm3 in consequence, salos last week ranging from 97s. to 100a. at the close. The parent Kistori is weakening gradu- ally with tho gradual decline of tho mine, and thero was not much business in the stock last Week. All tho Australasiao series uro weak; sales from 53s. to 44s. to 45s. Cd. last week showing the easier torms submitted to by holders of tlio parent stock, whilst North sold at 23s. 3d., 28s. 63., on tbo only day oo which tho stock had-busintHS. Away on tho Dowling Forest side tho No. 1 Dowling Forest is near bottomiug, and tbe actual reaching of the gutter is waited for with much interest. Tbo Mount Rowan Company is not yet in full washing, a gutter bar of sandstone impeding work just now. ' In quartz mining the more notablo incident!! are tho rise in lluiiinyong Estate, the drop in Lothair to 3s., and Porker's United to 2s. for seliora, and tho steady position of Band Albion aud Baud Barton, together with another little spirt of nuggetting Canadian way, whore two parties have got 89 oz. and 92 oz. respeciivoly iu that manner on I'earce's leasehold. Including the pyrites yield of 11 oz. odd from 10 tons, tho Band Albion output of 224 or. is over 17 dwt. to the ton, which loaves a fair profit towards future dividends, and if the stopts maintain their present value the mine will soon he paying dividends instead of mukiug calis. The Baud and Barton pays Is. dividend, and its last fortnight's output was a traction under 13 dwt. per ton, it being notable that the balk of pyrites included was the same as that at the Band Albion, but yielded three times as much, nearly four times as much, in fact. The Now Band Albion has had a iittlo crushing from the eastern side, which gave 74 dwt. |ier ton. Tbe drop in Lothair and Parker is due to the present poverty of the mines, tbo dish pro.pecta in the latter Dot having beeu corroborated by tho battery tests of tbo bulk of atone so far us trials have yet gone. In tho Bnninyong Estate the Desoza lote has given out soma gold bearing stono which promises excellent roturas, the lodo in the 370 feet Itvel having a width of 2 feet, and in the 470 feet level of fiom 1 foot to 1 foot 6 inches. The stock hed business every day, and firmed from sales at lfla. to sales at 21s., easing to 20s. 3d. at tho close of the week. Tho Black Horse yield is better, and tbe Egerton worte, than the week , before, and neither company is likely to giro a | dividend unless matters improve, as tbe latest I outputs are only about enough to pay expenses. Nearer home the Soymnur gives up the ghost, | and thus onco more thy prospects of a quartz | field on tho Sulky Gziiy ida are quashed, la Baliant Bast th; Uelbovne Company has not yet got its crushing plant ready. The Last Chance has 97 oz., but the bulk of stone reduced is not revealed, anil tho value of tho work done therefore is concealed, but it, is known to be re- reuiuiieratire. At Clunes tbo steady returns of the N. N. Clunes are very gratifying, but this is moro than over balanced by tho picsont failure of tho Tort Phillip and tbe Lothair to produce gold onutigh to pay the cost of mining. Tho dis trict output reported' for the week reaches to over 4000 oz., of which 163S oz. arc troui quartz. CA3TLEMAINE. At the Forest Creek, Wattle Gully Company, or Chewton, ths 650 feet level is now ex tended a total of 365 . feot iryiu s'uait, and quartz from 2 to 7 feot thick has been proved payable for a. distanco of ISO feet, and a prospect of its oontiuuauce still lurtber. At the 550 feot level tbe contractors have como upon a bony of stone iu which gold can be seen. At their clearing up on Thursday last they obtained 91 oz. ot gold from 210 tons of stone. At the United Ajax Company tho contractors have sunk Shalt 33 teet I from 500 feot level ; the wuter has increased. 1 At the 400 feet level south they have driven, total ot 345 feot from main crosscut ; the quartz was cut out with u bar of aandstono, but it is now coming iu uguin, and bus a good appearance, many black veins and . inuudio running tbrouglt it. In tbe crosscut between the 3(>0 aud 409 feet level the quartz is looking well in tho face, and gold is oxpectod to ho seen. At their clean ing up they oLtaiued 19 oz. o; gold. The Garfield Gouip.iny, v-bewtoii, have bud rather a poor re turn lor the lortnight, obtaining only 45 oz. 14 dwt. from 3.H) tons of stone. Tho New Era Company, Frycratown, had a slight improvement on tho last yield, having obtained Oil oz. 15 d»t. of gold from 800 tons of atone. Tho Thcrnhill Reef Company, near Newatoud, are still engaged crushing. The plates aro rcpo tcd to ho looking satinactory ; iu about another week Ibey expect to clean up. At the Newatead Loddou Leads Company they havo driven 15 toct for tho week at the top ot the jump-up, aud havo tho wash at tho point of tho laths. It is reported to bo good looking, buts hard sandstone reef hinders progress in driving. Tbo .Moonlight Flat H.B. Company had 7 oz. 12 dwt. at thoir cleaning up. At the Rerseverance Company, Fryersloren, another start has been mado with tbe oreutionof ma chinery, which is expected to be completed in about six weeks. At tho Ctiapol Hill Company, Frycratown, thoy have hem driving on tho course of tbe lode both north and south ; tho real looks well tor gold, A tribute has been lot to a party of miners to work the shallow ground from tho 86 feet levol to surfacu. The crushing from tho Barker's Creek Slate Quarry did uot come up to expectation, they only obtaining 54 oz. gold. At the Champion Reef Company, Igttle Beudigo, thojrjbave been delayed starting pumping, waiting the arrival irom Melbourne of a l'angye putup. 'The excel ont yield 01 SOS oz. of gold tor eight days' crushing obtained by tho Queen's Birthday Company, II limsbury, with their hi head battery, has enabled tbeuirectora to pay the 10lb dividend of Is. per share. It is their intention to sink the main shaft unother 100 fect. Tho works at the various faces is being carriod oo as usual. Tho mino is reported to bo loikiug weil. At tho No. 1 South Queen's Birthday Company, Muluislmry, tho contractors aro making good progress in Einking shaft. Same quartz leaders biivo been pzssod through, some of tho stono being kept lor trial. Tho contractors for sinking shaft ut tho Extended South Queon Company, .Malmsbury, uro down 67 feet ; the ground is becoming more solid nnd likoly lo continue. At the North Queen 'a Birth day Company, Malmslutry, tbe crosscut to west has been extended 111 leet from shnit. Sorno leaders heavily charged with minerals havo been Passed through ; in the last one cut eomo gold was obtniucd from a prospect. Water is coming iu frooiy from face. Tho crosscut esst h,s been exiemlod 78 fect front sbaft : ground bard sandstone, witb occasional quur z lenders. The Ellis's Freehold Company, Malmsbury, obtained for tho fortnight 137 oz. 12 dwt. of gold. 'The western part of the mine is about the same ; the oast is opening up well, with gutter about 150 met wide : main gutter drive 'still wot and troublesome ; tiio east bottom level extended 48 fect. In about 200 feet tnore they expect to cross the reef troiu which good stono is being taken out by tiie Ironstonu Junction Tribute Company. At tlio Egyptian Company, Malmsbury, tho 150 feot level is in 170 feet north : tho 20U fect levol is in 200 feet north ; tho faces are Jonking about tho same. Tlio directors havo docided upon a site for theeroction 01 mncliiuery, some of which liasiirrivod.ThoRnyulStandardCoin- puny, Lnnriston, ohtiino.l ior the mouth 42 oz. 6 dwt. of gold. They h ive been engaged blocking back and cleaning up drivo. Tbe -South Aroma Company, Mh Una bury, have a very nico roof on tbe rurface, from wbich they bavo obtained fair prospects with the d ish ; for a d istaiicc of 3lk> feot it has heen tried with about the same prospect. It is their intention to siuk it winze on it, so as to further prove its value, 'iho contractors at the Humboldt Company, Malmsbury, aro making good progress with sinking shaft, which is down irom hurfaco 235 feot. From t bo appoaranco oi the ground they expect tu come upon quartz in unother 15 feet. At the General Wyndhaui Com pany, Iiaiirislon, tiiev have hcon engaged taking out stone for crushing from No. 1 shaft. Very iittlo lias bean done in No. 2 shaft, the mon being ongaged bailing water for tho bat tery. Tho Kangaroo Company, .Muluislmry, havo extended east crosscutSd foet from plat. Fomc small spurs bavo boen mot with unilriLying eabt very tlat. Expect to cut tho oast reef shortly. 'The Russell's lleof Company, Lauiiston, have commenced ope rations. A contract has bean let for siuking a shaft. 