Facts and Faucies Centralised. (n" ALL, OF US.) N. C. C. sports postponed. Plattehurg land sale thifs day. Raining in Sydney all yesterday. Ore from Silverton realized £834 per ton in Lon dIon. For latest sporting items and tips, soo another column. 'Frisco mail will be delivered in Newcastle this liuorning,, Tlhe Nemesis is afloat again, Deary .me how g-lad we are I Bnlue ibbon meeting in Protestant Hall, New rostle, to-nigh~t. ibid made ol Chinese opium dealers at lIet biourne. ileavy lines.•" Unredecmed pledge salo to-day at Mr. J. Grisdale's auctlion roo))s, Ihunter-street. Convict mutiny at andalay. Several hundreds of people tilled in th~e disturbanees. The programm)e of the Lakeo ?aequarie regatta will 1)0 fouind on our front page to-day. M))rk Master' Mason's fodgo will be held at Walisend to-night, in connection with St. James' Lodge. IRaphael Coasa Sydney, eoiemitted for trial on a further eharge of forging bills of lading. ur. Fflkner, the Newtown stationmaster, died suddenly from heart disease at Orange. Week's Customs lRevenue, £13i9 1e s 7d. This in eludes a new item, " 'isheries royalty, £3." 1ig lire a)t Desiliqiuin. Dalgecty, Bllaekwood, aolt Ca'o Borabula station loses 00: wool-sheds, etc. Spolforth remains in England for a few weeks after the Australian cricleteers leave for Australia. The decision of tle Sydney Marine Board on the Agenoria-Naimoicollision will be given on Monday. Doctors Inglis, Beeston, and Ashe, gzaettedi additional vaccinators for the district of Newcastle. The girl Irwin (who was shot at Prahran by her lover, Gustave Beyer, who committed suicide), is dend. The foundation stone of the Minmi Presbyterioa Church will be laid this afternoon, by Mr. J. Fletcher \- M.L.A. Lawyers euphemism for "hard swearing" :-" The witness exhibited incomplete appreciation of the nature of an oath." Seventy fresh cases of cholera at Genoa on Thinrs day. Naples' average forty daily. Quiet in Spain. MIortality in other parts moderate. Police Court business yesterday, unlike the weather, was dry. Only one offender, and he a "Jack-ashore" ou the spree. Twenty-four hours. , Great agitation at Cape Town. Petitions whole sale going home to the Queen against inaetion of the Imperial Govecnmentswith respect to Boer out rages. Sir Iionry Parkes is likely soon to figure promi Inently in a criminal proscution agaitst the pro Iprietor of e journal published within fifty muiles of Sydney. A lane off Beolton-street wants looking to. After rain the pavement Is inches thick with all sorts of garbage, stopping only short of dead cats and beer barrets. Owing to the inclement state of the weather, the concert in aid of the Newcastle South Publie School did not take place last evening ; it having been post poned till some future occasion. The -attention of dealers, obwnero of vessels, and. others, is directed to the sale, by auction, of ship's stores and fittings, by Mr. A. Sparke, this day, in Bolton-street. The sale commences at 10.00 a.m. To-morrow ISunday) ths AnsilversaryT Services of thme Durwvood WVeoleyaus Chiieuscksiq ho preaehesi by 10ey. J. tuinse, A. Naisesith, and W. G. Rt. Slephin' san; and the annual tea and public meeting will take place on Tuesday evening next.. . A speaker at the Wharf Labourers' Union meeting in Sydney remarked that the Messageries Maritimes Compsany wguld roveione of Ahe greatest enemies of intecolnia' tades, nasuchas they wvers large employers of coolie labour. All the Victorianrailway employees who have to do with signals have recently bee:o examined, and the result has been that all the engine-drivers save one all the signalmen save ue, and all the guards save one can dmstinguiah the eolours accurately. A terrible mining accident occurred at Creswick, Victeria. Two ,sen were engaged blocking a haer in the New Australian Mine. whmen the timber giving way, andi the grond falling in, tbe eeemltl entombed. Thm~ey are nst expected wo ere competel alive. A man in Auckland. N.Z., was tired of lifo, so he placed h0lbs of gunpowder on is cheast, lay down, and sot fire to it. 'ilhen people cense to pick up the pieces they found the would-eo suicide much ibrnt, hut he wasalive, and not a "fragmentary fossil" by any means. Chnurch will ho celebra?ted by special scerices to morrow, when the R.ev. Dr. White, of Sydney, will preach, morning and evening. On the following Tuloday evening the annul tea and public meeting will be held in thcie]roteotant Hall. Frank Husscy is about to revisit Newcastle. This io good news for lovers of the genuine niggr rain strel line. :Fronk's voice and features are alike welt known, and as king of the business throughout Aus tralia some years ago, old friends will heartily wel come Isis ceery laughisg countenance once more amongst them. At the Ilospitnl foundation-stone layissg eere usony on Thuorsday, the :Newcastle Superior lPublic School Cadets (51 mustered in true mil'tary order. Two hundred and fifty of the children also lined the platform, and presented a very pictuiresqun appear~ asice. MJr. Friend, heasd master, 1usd them underhia superriion. ThIe various choruses sang were con ducted by H[r. Southtwell. Northern readens, note well that the "S. lfl Herald" and "Sydney Echo" arc favousrissg thse Ofudgee-Wsslgett railwvay hine. Such servileponder ing to the Government and a commereial dng de serves the severest reprobat ion. Theleadingjournal ts not a merely local papcr, bound in its interests to Sydney, and it should study thse good of the whole colony. The Queensland Commissioner of Police has re ceived information from tse Walsh River that two men nanmed fmneoJohn llorgon sod Richard George B~ailey hsave been brustally snurdered, their sksulle being ossashsed in by thseir too blade boys, whso thsem eleared with the homses, saddles, bridles, and otheg articles. Thse msurderers belong to the Tate tribe, and cast be identilled. One shilling and sixpee per yard--worth 4s 6Gd and~s 6d. Itemnants of tweeds, bleantiful patterns, :ery great bargains, from 2 yards to IA in length. Mothers of boys se0 these wonders of onders at H. L. Sunmmerfleld & Ce's, the reople'o Tailors, Hunter-street, Newcastle. Paper patterns for little boys' coats, trousers, and waistcoatst, d each, to all buyers of these remnants. 9150 The steamer Fiado, which has been lying at Bris bane for some mronths, having been prevously en graged for tie frozen meat trade, baa been seized by virtue of a warrant issued by the Vice-Admiralty Court, at the instance of the master, Captain Ianes, and the engineer, who jointly elaim £3000 from the owner, Mr. Brantlnghanm, of Sunderland, by virtue of an agreement between the. parties. In the Melbocirne Divor?e Court the petition of M~aria Johnston, wife of Georgo Mane Johnston, eumamereist traveller, forna dissolution of niarriago wilth her husband on the grounds of eroelty ond adultery, hnsbeen cencluded. hois Honor made a deeree msi for a dissolution of the marriage, and; ordered the respondent to pay ,he petitioner a gross sue of £1200, or the annual sulm of £85. Hr. Justie HIiginbotlmn has given his reserved deeioion in the Mfelbouriie divorce suit flayle v. Ilayle and Henry. H~e diamoissed the ouit, sdaf ex preosed his disgoot at the ecoiduet of the petitioner with Mrs. Scaly in having talien liar to sleep in the name fled no his wife an! iiaseif. The judge also expressed dissatisfaction with the petitioner'sgeneral eosdiuet during a portioii of lila married life. The matter of coats will le decided it a futuro time. The iron lattice girder iridge over the river lturray at Albury, to connect the New South Wales and Victorian railways has been tested, the result. being mosat satisfaetory. 'this bridge is consstrueted for a double line of rails, the spaos being? i50 feet? a cl. Six largee s egiiie wer euployead in testing- three en this Naew Sauithi Wales gaugs and three oma the Victorias gauge.- The whale of the engines were plated on one span, and the deflection wasonly three iluartera of an inch. ifer. Angus Cameron, M.L.A., writes as follows to tie 'S. lit. Hterald":-'"Sir,-In ?our issue of MIonday last a paragiaph appeom an which it in stated that Iliad been ' depuoted' tus ian, il the msoii mecnt to the memory of tho late bll. F. B1. Dixon, and that, in my abesence, lbs eercimonu was per formed by life. D. O'Connor, li.i'. WVill you be good enough to.publisl the faat that I was never aiked to prform the duty? 'the late Mr. Dixon. was an old, esteemed, and very intimuate friend of moius. anid.I would certainly enever insult his memiory by beiiig abisent., laid I been. astued to participate in the ceremony alluded to." The printers' companionship of the "Newcastle liorning Herald" will hulb ito iirst annual wayze goose at the City Hall this evening. There will be a banquet and a dance So follow, ail the reunion. promises to.be most enjoyable. One of theattractions. will be a minuet by the ghosts of dead editors, whp, have been driven, to their graves by the vagaries on, the "intelligent esiipmaifsir." Tha least iiu iier-pty. of the 'i Queen's le]ugli~li" will lie drunot in socimp, silenee, and will be tcP.iposed tby oie ,f the literacy stagf, who is strongly suspected iw f having con'.pitted, a terrible csime in eOnnectioi t.erecwith. To. those who are looking forwsrd for 9ji next. holiday, now that the seassi for parties o( pleasure has se5 iii, thie announcemuent to be fsund iut another column, tlhat the Newcastle .itesmihip Co.'s steamear lBoissomerg wvitt riini tin cacuirsuio trip on IPrince of AVale" Itirthiday, 'di fbe halled wcithi satis faction. An outing on the water at this time of thei year is a pleasant one, and when attended with such comfort us ti's commodious stcamls will atfosl' to ' exeursionist, she being licensed for a very large number, ourtlt to meet with due patroiage. iaer -uppar dool.., besides allowing a line promenade of 110 feet, wvill give a splendii view of the scenery each sido our river banks. 