LAi'EST TKLEtiiiAJte. 'Victorian) Whs. Melboubwe, Friday. Dumas, the clerk in the Education Department, has been sentenced to three months' imprison ment for having stolen a cheque from a letter which was given to iiim to be posted. The priso ner's friends paid the money, and therefore he got only a iigat sentence. A man named Win. Hastings was fined i;10 in the Brighton police court to-day for having im personated a ghost and used obscene language. He1 was in the habit of dressing in white and going about at night frightening women aud oikers. MBLBOtrBNE, Saturday. Some heavy rain fell \esterday. Heavy rains t have alto f Allen in the' country. At the Hamilton a-siz-s yesierday, John Grey was found guilty of the murder of his wife. Sen . tenee wa« deferred. A b-y named Albert Traeger was drowned yes terday while bathing with a number of school mates in iloonee Ponds Creek. He could not swim, and got oat of his depth. Operations in connection with the building of the new wing of the public library have been, begun. A Forest Bill will be introduced next session, Archbisoop Guold's ' Lenten past/oral was issued to-day, and will be read on Sundajy iu tbe Eumas Catholic churebe3. The oastoral 'warns the faith - ; ful against taking part in profane* processions in ; the public streets, and tells them* ri porous iy to exclude from the home and fireside profane, lascivious, and blasphemous publication-. It laments the indifference wibh which Sunday is kept by many professing Curi.stianity, and again condemns the v ic orian State- school system. j In connection with the action begun by Fleming Norton, the monologue art-i t, for the ! recovery of damages from WtUliamson, Gaxner, ! and Majsjtrove, for breach oi contract, the latter made an application to-day in e&auibers; for a commission to examine a number of witnesses in London, and to postpone the trial until tbe return ot ? the commission. Eis Honor adjourned the I application.. . I The defalcations oE E. B. Fletcher, lately a [ legal mining manager in Sandhurst, continue to | engross public attention. Tne special auditors J report that the books have been systematically J manipulated to cover d ,-ficiennies which must have j existed for a long time. It is . anticipated chat a criminal prosecution will ensue. Besides the actual deficiencies in. the accounts there has been an issue of shares to & L*rge extent. A robbery has been committed by boys on the Dandenong-road, near Malvern. A lad named JEgan, while returning1 from school, was stopped by four uoys, one of whom struck him in the mouth, while another roboed him of his purse. EgAn's father started after the culprits and cap tured two of them. The police arnesced the other two. Tne latter escaped from the Industrial School & few days ago. The Sir Jamsetjee, barque, which struck Cape Otway reef, will, alter discharging cargo, be docked for repairs. It~is not anticipated that the injuries will prove very serious. ? The Konoowarra will be docked for repairs to-day. The Steam Navigation Board' will .hold an inquiry respecting the mishap, to this vessel, and also with regard to the barque Sir Jamseijee Family, which grounded on the outer edge of Cape Otway. Dr. Daniel Ourdie, one of the oldest settlers in Victoria, died at his station, Tandarook, near Camperdewn, yesterday. He arrived in the colony 44 years ago. A private trial of the electric light took place in. the Melbourne Town Hall last night. The number of lights is 281, and they will be used in public to-night upon the occasion of Mr. Philip Piaisted'e concert. The exhibition trustees met yesterday and accepted a tender- for .tiie construction of an aquarium. The reply postal cards, which were issued some months ago by the Post-office, have been with drawn, as they were not used by the public. Sir Cbarles Sladen's funeral will take place to day at8p,m. . The improvement in the land revenue receipts continues: Since January 14 about .£33,500 hare been paid. 