ITEMS OF NEWS. A Christmas supplement is published with' this morning's issue. -!: '! ?! The Orient liner Austral passed Cape Bordu at 2.40 a.m. vesterdav. She should be in Hobarm'H Bayon Friday night. A man named Thomas Jeniah committed suicide on Wednesday: morning/ about eight o'clock by drowning -himself down the old Golden Gates shaft, Lucky Woman's Flat, Piggoreet. No oause can be , assigned for ! the fash act. Tlie deceased was unmarried. . The English orioketers arrived in Castlemaine from Sandhurst by the! 8. 10 o'clock train last! night. They alighted at the station; and ein-1 barked for Ballarat' at 8.30. p.riii ' They are 'to; play a match against twenty-two of the Ballarat: Olubon Boxing Day "arid Saturday." X'!; Yesterday being a lialf-holida!y the shopkeepers were deprived of it through Christmas' Evearid it has been'suggested that '(his loss should be re paired next IVedrie'sdayJby'making it an entire holiday, which coming" next. to the New Year will allow of two clear days. The Garfield Oo. sent in a substantial bar of gold to the bank yesterday weighirigTBO oz, from a crushing of 940 toris stone. The United &jax; Co. crushed 150 tons for 22 oz 5 dwt gold, and have seen ' coarse' gold in a leader of, two feet thick, but none "of the stone from it , was in this crushing; ' . The Saperintendent of the ; Benevolent Asylum acknowledges receipt "of 27 gallons of beer from Messrs Fitzgerald and Newman, arid 18 gallons from the Standard Brew'ery Co. for tho use of the inmates! The House Steward of the Hospital acknowledges" the receipt !of similar donations frorii the same firms ;- aud also - from1 Dr 5W. Bono.. V- At the drapery establishment of.Hordpn and Sons; Sydney! on Saturday the takings amounted to'L6,000. This is supposed to he the largest1 amount taken by any retail house in qne day, in the world. A ' large sum was supposed to be taken in the establishment of Ball arid VVelch, in! Barkers:8treet, on the same day, when L200 pas sed over tlie counter. ' ' ! i A cricket match will take place at Wattle Flat to-day between the Railway Junior Club arid -the West End Club from Sandhurst. The following will represent tlie R.J.C.C. :— T.- Odgers, P. Lawlor, T. M'Grath, W. Newlands, Walter, Newlands, J. Dolphin, J. Morrison, R. Jensen, T. Reade, P. Reade, H. Kerr. Reserve.— Ottey, Malcolm, Tolstrup. The team is requested to meet at the railway station at one o'clock The miners at Maldon . do not Intend to ho! behind other districts in supporting the .Mel-1 bourne bootmakers in their .unfortunate Mrike,! which does, not' appear '-to be ' settled 7 1 for some lime to como. Tho Maldon Branch of the Miners' Association will hold a meeting on Saturday night for the purpose of taking some action in the- way of aiding the bootmakers in their extensive lookout: - ' : ' -;i : There riras a fine show of gold in the National Bank yesterday, consisting of nine'hars, weighing 1170 oz.' Ainonst them thero were two.from.the Forest Creek' Wattle Gnlly Co; of 310- oz, and 2 from the Grand junction Co., Yandoit, of 370 oz. The premises of the bank have been much improved by the arrangement of the counters and fittings, and by the painting of the walls'. ' ' ' Collected for the Carnival by Mesdam'es Sum- merland and Murphy :— Best and " Morrifield, IO3 each ; Reid, Kibble, '.Thompson' arid,' Gauh ton, '6s each'; Mesdanie's Lemon,/ 2s 6d ; Ander son, 3s Gd ; Reid, 2s Gd ; Biaggi, -Hanbury, Bailey and Miller, 2s Gd each ; Einoh; tea ; Cosligan, ehoese ; Pett, Dorey, Philpot, Doharty,: Green, and Mrs Rees, frnit ; Halford, igoods. Collections by Mrs 'Matthews— Mrs iM'Kenna, 10s ; and Mrs Lawson, 5s. ; ' ;-;i: i The two principal attractions outdoors to- j morrow for local residents will be, as w.e' inen- jtioned yesterday, the Carnival and' tho Oamp- i bells Creek' Races. There can be .no doubt, but ; that the attendance at . each , place' wiil-Vbe as large as last year. This eari," to a greai; extent, I be brought about by fine weather, and there is /every reason to believe that it will be such;; i Yesterday was quite a warm day, and the i weather has become more settled; ; A nuiriber of Christmas carols' were rendered in Christ Church -last night by 'an efficient clio?r,: and were , much 'appreciated, by those .'who listened.' A band of Christinas waiteSiOprii- menced. playing through, the streets between' 8 and 9 o'clock, and continued their travels- and music around the suburbs till about daylight this morning. A party, of juvenile minstrels with bones, : tambourine i and flutes created amusement by tbeir- performiirices at the various hotels!'"'" ! 0: j A little sensatipri. has'bgsri created for. two or three nights, ,tliis . wjeR' amongst some-, persons living in tho vioinity 'of ftho Camp , Reserve. Their state!, that thriy saw; a gliost," and that lip chased them each evening, but the- man in white, could never be caught. - The police got wind of the affair, and a ''posse of them watched fortho supposed apparition: " To their surprise and amusement of others,''the " ghost" turns out tri bo none other than a ' young man attired in light, habiliments, who had been exorcising his fleet'nes's of foot on the-Reserve, so as to bo in readiness for the Sports. j In our advertising columns will bo seon an announcement that Mr Alexander Byrne and his full dramatio company- will produce the celebrated temperance and noval drama "Ten Nights in a Bar Room," at the Theatre Royal, on next Tnosday, 30th irist. Tho piece has a wide reputation as a most remarkable and ex- riiting dramatio creation,' having been playod ovor -_arid': ovor again : throughout' England, America, and the colonies- with uriyarying' suc- eosa. ' Lately it' lias been revived by Mr Byrne, in Melbourne, and from a recent Issue of the . ' =- ? Ago ! wo clip the following : — " The Temper- arioe Hall was filled in cvory part by an audi ence nu'iqboriiig about 200P persons, and hun- drods were disappointed nt being unablo to gain admission. The audionce showed their hearty appreciation of the "performance by their ffe- . quont applause and laughter. Everything -is promised in the way of- soenory, music;' and effects, so that tho performance ought to nttrnot "a crowded house. The company positively only appear for one night, as they perform in Maliris- bury on Wednesday. - A warrant was taken out yesterday morning at Sandhurst for the arrest of a man giving tlie name of Geo. Woods, for having obtainod goods to th'e'value of 'L8 15s from Peter Hansen, .draper, of Hrirgreaves-street." Woods, 'who also' went ,under the name of Lawrence, and represented that ' bo was' one' of ' the Lawrences, ' station owners, New South Wales, has been "kno'ekirig about ' Sandhurst for tho past fortnight. He stayed at a liouse of ill-roputo, where ho was supplied with an unliniitod quantity of Cham pagne, the peoplo believing liim to be a vyealthy squatter. Ho had a considerable surii of money when he came hore, which lie knocked down in a couple of days- Woods, or Lawrence as he variously describes himself! ia fashionably attired and of gentlemanly appearance. Since he has been in Sandhurst- he ha3 suffered"from; the horrors. ' 11 ; Several of the shops were neatly decorated yesterday, and tho verandah posts garnished with ! bushes, but the palm must' bs accorded to Mr' R. C: Fisher, of Barker-street,' for his tasteful! ornaments' in the iriterior, consisting of: fern' leaves, pines, and flowers worked into designs.; In the evening Mr Lay, of Barker-street, had a dozen Chinese lanterns hung round his verandah,' which showed well along with tho evergreens turned rip the posts. Iri the Square there were several pretty lanterns hung under the verandahs- Many of tho shops were crowded iri' the evening,, .which kept . the sellors in porpetual motion. The burden fell heaviest on grocers, drapers; station-: ors, and the dealers in fancy goods. Outside of! Mr Fisher's Bhop "was the carcase of an' e w e; weighing 1301 bs, supplied by Mr J. ! Wearb, of; Joyces Creek. . : On Tuesday mornirig , at the City1 Fainily : Hotel, Sandhurst, a large number of the lead-' iug, citizeris assembled for the purpose of/pre-; seuting Mr and Mrs R. Moffatt, who/'are leav-j ing Ravenswood, with souvenirs of the, high: esteem in which , they are held by their friends.! The chair was occupied "by 'the Rev. j. Lowers, i and tho vice-chair by Mr E. W. Kirby. In a' neat and , eulogistic - speech, Mr Lowers pro-! sented ' Mr Moffatt, for", himself and | Mrs . Moffatt, . lyith a silver'., salver, casket! of Cutlery! arid an oleptrp-plated jug. The salver; was a very massive and handsome one! qnd bore; an inscription, containing the names of the. donors. Mr Moffatt suitably nckriowledged tlie; presentation, and stated' that 'his intentiQris !it| present ' as to - his > future residefioe, ' were Tath'er; uneortain? and' would' be' so until the' Ne'iy! Year! 'arrived.''!1 ;/ ' ' "' A daughter of Mr Sehroeder's, Nellie, aged 8; years, had a narrow- escape from- being, dread- i fully bnrned" on Monday at Chinaman's : Creek, I and as it is she lias been badly sco'rched on the! legs and body. She had been standing outside j beside the girl who was iwashingi when a spark; ignited the calico dross of - the child. Thej flames' 'spreading? quickly . she ran in 'alarm; round the' liouse; calling for'' her mother. Mrs! Sehroeder,hearing the soreamsVquioklye'ariip out,| and seizing a heavy! tablecloth wrapped it around the child, and . thus succeeded in, extinguishing the flames. Dufirig this terrible crisis' the ser-l vant girl was incapable by fright of doing any-i thing to save the child? but Mrs Schroeder hav-j ing gained sad experience by a similar catastrophe; to one of her family, knew -how to ! 'act,- and having rubbed, the burned parts" 'oyer? with oil; she placed 'the young aufferer in bed arid ex-l peots to liavo her alt right again; in '.the "poursei of a fortnight,;.! ;!'.? j Throughout yesterday tho town presentcd'an unusnally .' lively rippoarance,' thus boing a re-l minder that "the Christinas festivities! had al-j ready begun. There' were a' number of visitors: from elsewhere, and the customary handshaking: and exchanging of compliments- of the season! were indulged m by ' briliday- seekers and their! friends. -In the evening Market' Square- was enlivened by further adjuncts of peopre, and by; about ,9 -o'clock there -was a.very large concourse! 'in the streets. ' All the trains 'arriving at the) Castlemaino station yesterday were behind time, j this being due to the large number of people! travelling. Between 7 and 8 o'clock- last even- ; ing the station was literally .alive with people, ! the majority going to and' amving from Mel- i bourne, but there was an iiririioriso' number tra-i vellirig'ori 'tHe'Baliarat'line. . The Maldon train- was greatly delayed owing tri itlib liiteriCss of the metropolitan trains, ?and a. .number of exour- 3ioiusts.availed.th'e'mseives of.' journeying. in. the traiii to Mrildori,' instead of having to' " coach it" I as was the', case .last- Christmas.- The barrieri system at thelpcalrstatioriprpvod very effectual, j : arid notwithstaiidiiig the'iirimensity of pa'sseti-j gers tlie officials got through their duties without any hitch occurring. ! ' i '/, ! ' ,r'-'- . i On Monday afternoon- Mrs Ross,; living at! East Cliarltori,!liavd:6eeasiori: tri go irittf the town ship to transact some business. Prior to leaving Bhe asked her daughter, Annie Ross, seven years ; of age, to accompany her, but the little girl, do- sired to be : allowed to : play with ' a' neighbor's ; cliild riamed Emily'Wilniot, until' Mrs! Boss I turned. Accordingly 'Mrs! Ross consented. ! The two girls were talking about Bewing during \ wbich the deceased; -Annie Ross, said.' she had ! Boriio nice patches at home," and proceeded to her ! parents' residence 'with' the object of getting them. The doors having "been looked by her ' mother, prior to'leaving the little girl lifted up the window so as to entiei' the house, and' whilst' in the act the wiridow'descended upon hpr nep arid jamme'd' it against the window frame." Tlie result was that: she -was choked. As tlie de'- ceased did not;retqrn tho littlo girl Emiily VYil- mot went to the house arid bow her companion hanging from the window.' She lifted the window and the body fell; to the ground. An inquest was held upou the body the same night, and a voi'dict'of accidental death was returned. 1 ' Tho London correspondent of the 'Argus,' ; writing pri November 14, setjds the following ' item's of news : — Mr Justice Brett has granted ! Mrs Mary Jane Henderson a judicial separation jfrom her husband, Dr. Colin Henderson, lato of the Ararat Hospital, on the ground of his desertion. Ho went to Australia in-1877, and in 1880, when his wife was about to proceed to tho colonies to join him, he wrote to her a letter which the Court held practically amounted to a prohibition against her doing so. In one of 1 his letters he pictured the state of tho country as ; boing bo unsettled in oonsequenoo of political arid other circumstances that it would be unsafe for her to come. Ho also doscribed the colony as totally unfit for her to live in, a live poisonous j snake having been caught at his door, and there being 110 society and 110 variety. A publio sale ;.of somo of the books of the late " Orion" Home was held on. the 12th inst., but the results wore .small. The first edition of -Orion, published at £d., went for 19s. Tho annual session of tho ;Royal Colonial Institute was hold on tho 11th inst. Tho Hon. W. E. Forster, M.P., who pre sided, stilted that the donations to tho building fund nov; amounted to L3.763. A paper on "The Financial and Commercial Condition of tlip Cape Colony," was road by the Hon. J. X. Morriman, lato Minister of Publio Works in Cape Colony. Mr Fostor, in moving a vote of thanks to Mr Morriman, oxprossed tho opinion that if Great Britain gave up her groat central station at the Capo her connection with Austra lia and her power ovor India would not last long. The Rev H. Bath speaking in condemnation of. Sunday trains says, tbat.as Uoad of the Wosleyari 'Methodists throughout tho colony lie lias only to call upou thorii arid they will' 'deluge the As sembly" with petitions against the running of Sunday trainB, ; ' «' i'-'V !< ! ' v--.?' ! ' k. The .stenmer jAbbrgpldie, ? riith 600 Govern ment itrii'nigrants,";'frpra Lonflon arrived at Syd- uey'ori'Tuosdny'riigbL ? - ; , A young man named Callowqy has boen killod in a streot brawl in Perth, Western Australia, being 'struck and' kiiookod "down"hy an'oxor- goant of police, namod Houlahan. A stoker on H.M.S. Nelson, named Lissen: den. had his "skull' ffaotu'red at Sydney, while fixing up the eeopntrio valve of the engine, , find ilied two' hours after.' At flie inquest ii" verdict of ncoidontal death was returned. , Mrs Eliza Sawyer, 47,. residing1 at Waterloo, Sydney,. is sufforiug froin small-pox : in a severe .form',, tho disease having now reached . the ninth day of eruption. Ten persons, residing in 'two cottages, have been : quarantined with' 'the patient. ' ' I ' : ' A fortunate catch of. 'black-fish, or spmll whale, was made' at Wellfleet Harboui-,' Massaohuseti's, on November 19. " A sphoprwas drivoii in tiiere, and as far as the eye could re'aob tho harbour was full of- fish. . Eyerbody was engaged in kill ing them, and. the number , slaughtered is es-: timated at;l,500, worth, for the oil, 125,000 dol. A shooting party,: consisting of throe well- known 'residents of Sandhurst, killed ri'o fewrir than fifty 'Snakes,- while at' Moira Lakes',' about 20 miles frbiri' Ephuca, 'during Friday, 'Saturday, and Sundriy last'." "Noiio, of. tjie, reptiles were; undor 6ft; the' whole ranging frorii 6ft to 6ft in length. ; 1' A prisoner named Harlarid. 'who completed a sentence iii Albury gaol a few days ago, was again' convicted :under 'peculiar circumstances! On leav ing the gaol lie was received by a member of tbe Salvation-'Arniy'i ivhose kindness he' repaid 'by! robbing him. of his' ariny 'uniforii arid othqr pro-! pertyi 'He wris Bontenc'ed:-'tb six mori ths' im-! prisonmont. ' ./? " ' ??? '' Tlie 'Defence Department received by the' R.M.S. Clyde; which has just -arrived in port; from- London, ;a Whitehead torpedo,' 14ft.' 'in; length, along ) with all "the ' necessary fittings,: material, etc. ,- for use on' hoard ! ' the torpedo; boats attached to' the Viotdriari 'Navy.' This isj the'secPnd torpedo of the kind which has airivedj iri' tbe' colony, but some' seven more, 'whioh iiaye: been'ordered, will shortly ,be shipped..' . The' tor- ped'os 'cost about '!L400'eaeh' when fully cbargecl,: ready for action. ' ' ' 'Inri supplement to the 'Gazette,' issued on': Tuesday night, the names of the Water / Supply ! Commission are given, "and the duties of the! commission are defined to be to make diligent and full inquiry into tho oporation and effebt of: tlie various schomes for water supply, and into ' the extent to which the present sources of water supply of the polony of Victoria are utilised, with a view to ascertain whether further and' better j provision can be made for the conservation and distribution of wator for tlio uso o'f tho people of ! tho skid colony. !;!:..;!? ; \- Brisbane Tuesday. — The Ellen Harkius Com-; .panyi- Gympio, have crushed 309 tons for 422 oz I -of gold ; 'the Glanmire prospectors, 168" tons for: 118 oz. The North Queen Company, Oliafter'3 Towers, have' obtained 1,191 oz'for 1 ii! fortnight's 'oru'shirig; mrikiiig' the- total for '"this crushing 2,916 oz from 663 -tons. The tailings, are' ex-i peoted to give. 250 oz more./ ' A dividend of 33 lias been declared!?- The' Day' Dawn Block and: Wyndham Company have crushed for\the fort- ! niglit 432 tons', yielding 785 oz. A dividend of a-; shilling has been declared. ; The Bonnie Dun-'j dee Companyihave-ci-ushed 145 tons for;' 226. oz. I A trial crushing of 11 tons ffom'-the ; new reef; N.O.- 2 South-west: Queen Company has' yielded! 33 oz. The local banks have purchased 'during the past week 5,238 oz.' : 1 -' ? Thie "Financial Reformer", says, that Mr Childers! is seriously corisiderinig!, the adoption . of "a/patent, : intended to protect gold coin' froiri ivear. : It con- , sists of a ring of steel or hard metal, which is! put 011 the 'coin: liot, and then contracts round 'it whilst' cooling. H the caloMatiori .be' correct; tliat- the current life of eoin would be doubled' by the' 'adop tion of this device, it is evident that it bright to be tried; for at present the annual loss on our gold coinage by detrition is about L56,000.' ' " '' -The diary and correspondence: of- John Wilson Croker, just 'edited by ; L. J;' Jennings, eoritains (says the Herald') iiueh that is interesting of con temporary history, notably of that of the Duke of Wellington. ''Among subjects of.'coriversdtidri, the national- characteristics of "the Duke's arniy 'were mentioned. : "I always found," said the Duke, " the English regiments in the best humour when we "were well supplied - with beef ; the ' Irish; when we were iri the' wine countries ; and the' Scotch, when' the dollars for pay came Ypj" / - > - : : Cqirimenting-'ori the result of ' the recent German elections- for : the Reichstag,-' 'the Berlin correspon- dent of ' The' Times' wrote on October 29 "From all the great cities arid industrial oentres comes the same ! 'startling 'tale of Socialists to ' tlie front, and this, moreover," in spite of the stringent application 'of the repressive' law of October, and of tho fact that their ineails of electoral agitation was thereby reduobd > to nil -; Their publications ' were " seized, their 'addres'ses were suppressed,: their meetings were despotically - forbidden ; arid an enormous increase' m theii- votes; by comparison: with the highest number' of previous ytiirs, is the emphatic answer to' all tliie repression. I11 Berlin, for ex ample, the total nuiriber of Social-Democratic votes tendered " in '1887 was only '67 ; in 1871, 2058 ; in 1874;:' 11, 279 , ' in 1877; 31,522 ; in 1878 56,147 ; ;iri 1881; after' the first /rigorous application' 'of -the Socialist law, 30,178 ; and now, in 1884, 68,910. -'( 