" Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I," " Be just and fear not." The Singleton Argus. WEDNESDAY, 12th MARCH, 1884. Underground Fountains. The question of water supply remains one of the unresting ghosts which the Borough Council will sooner or later have to face, whether it likes it or not. The experience of Tamworth in obtain- ing a sufficient quantity of water from a public well to meet the requirements of a much larger population than we have in Singleton, has given rise to a speculation in the minds of some of our townsmen as to whether we, too, could not obtain an abundant supply from a similar source. With a view to testing this question as far as it can be tested without the actual experiment of sinking a well, we are at present making in- quiries respecting all the private wells we know of in Singleton, with a view to placing full information concerning the same in a convenient form for the edification of those who are interested in this water question. We hope to be able to give the result of our enquiries in Saturday's issue of the Argus. Mean- while we have to request any of our readers who can give us any special in- formation on the subject of local wells to kindly do so as early as possible. We are inclined to believe that within a depth of something less than 50 feet there is an inexhaustible supply of excel- lent water underlying the plain on which Singleton stands—water which has been already filtered in nature's own way ; and if this be so, there is no reason why all Singleton should not be supplied at the minimum of cost. If brought from the river the water must first be pumped to a considerable height and then passed through filtering beds before it would be fit for use. If the "Terrace" scheme were adopted some miles of iron pipes would be required, which would be unnecessary if a well or wells could be found to give the necessary supply. The reticulation of the town would be the main expense, and to minimise the cost of pumping, which would be a per- petual expense, several wells of smaller dimensions might be sunk and supplied with powerful wind-pumps, otherwise called wind-mills, the water being carried from these by means of pipes to whatever receptacle might be provided for it. The Borough is so very flat that an elevation of 20 or 30 feet above almost any street would suffice to carry the water all over the town. The pressure would of course depend first, on the elevation, and secondly, on the quantity elevated. A high pressure service supplied from a reservoir on one of the neighbouring bills would of course be preferable, other things being equal, but that is not the practice, under consideration just now which is really : A water supply such as we have suggested, or no supply at all. If man was not allowed build himself a house till he could build a mansion a great many men now living in comfort- able homes would be doomed to go on paying rent all their lives. An inferior water supply scheme has sufficed Sydney for about a quarter of a century, or a good portion of it, and now it is being provided with one infinitely better, but if Sydney had waited till now for the Nepean scheme and declined to accept any other, the probabilities are that the Sydney of to-day would be a much more insignificant place than it is. We like to see our public men forethoughtful and prudent, but we fail to see any sense in the act of a needy man who refuses to take half a loaf because he cannot get a whole one. If the town is able to bear the expense of a thoroughly efficient and irreproachable water supply scheme, by all means let us have it. If it is not able to bear the expense, then let us have one as good as its means will allow. What sort of a scheme that will be is for our Alder- men to discover; and, moreover, it is the duty of all good citizens to help them as far as possible to arrive at a speedy conclusion. 