Novelist. << INTRIGUE. j> CHAHTER VI. By Brigadier General Ronald Mclver. Henry " A woi'tlilesB woman., mere cold clay, As all false things are ! bat so fair, She takes the breath of men away Who gaze upon her unaware." • SILVIO ROMAKO, the great tenor, had made his last bow to an admiring audience, and was about to leave the theatre, when one of the attendants approached and said hesitatingly, as if expecting a rebuke, " A lady wishes to see you, Signor, who states her business is urgent-—indeed the would not be denied, and is awaiting you there "—pointing to the door of an unoccupied dressing-room. He might have added his scruples had been overcome by an astonishingly handsome douceur, a sufficiently heavy bribe to induce him to brave the fury of the hot blooded Italian's anger. His relief was great when Romano answered quietly : "It is well, the lady is expected," and passed quickly into the small apartment, loBing the door carefully behind him. There, touching in the darkest corner was a muffled figure, who on seeing Romano enter, sprang hastily to her feet, and as the cumbersome cloak fell from her, discovered the lovely form r>£ Gidia Disney, still clad in the white sheeny "es and glittering with diamonds. ' "io stood by the door, a dark dangerous »n his handsome face, but his bold eyes nevertheless drinking in eagerly 'ery detail of her soft loveliness, her ui attire, her costly geme. With a iOW glad cry of welcome Gidia glided towards him, aud though he put up his hand angrily as if to keep her off, she came closer, aud winding her bare white arms about his neck tried to reach hie lips with her moist red ones. The man would have been more than mortal to have resisted her, and Silvio Romano was bat clay, and clay of a very coarse type, in spite of his perfect face, and figure like a Greek god's. Thus the fiery Italian blood coursed furiously through his veins beneath the caresses of this beautiful woman, and as she melted into bis arms with a happy sigh, he abandoned himself to the delight of the moment, and pressed hot passionate kisses on her lips, her eyes, her neck. Gidia was the first to recover, and gently withdrawing herself tzom his arms, pushed him into a low chair, and seating herself on his knee, allowed her golden head to lie confidingly on Romano's breast. " ^-h, wio hen," she whispered, stroking his cheek with her forefinger, " if you only knew how your poor little Gidia has longed for this, dreamt of it, how bitterly she has repented having left you, and how she has suffered, you would never, have the heart to utter one cruel word. But what could I do, Silvio,"she went on entreatingly ; the life was so hard, it would have killed me, and I was too young then to realise how much I loved you. though I know it now to my cost "—her lips again met his—" In a hasty, foolish moment I ran away to my rich English relations, of whom you never even dreamt, you poor darling,— and my aunt, Miss Dering, adopted me." " So," said the Italian, toying with the sparkling gems on her bosom, "you have done well for yourself, little one"—and he threw a significant glance at her diamonds—"I also have been fairly successful but I must confess my years of toil and anxiety have failed to bring me as much wealth as you now display on your fair person. Ob, Gidia 1" He went on drawing her closer to him, his rare thrilling voice full of tenderness. " Why did you forsake me when success was at last to fall to my lot? I knew it muBt come, and you, with your splendid voice and lovely features, you and I together, what could we not have accomplished? You have been very cruel, very treacherous, but I believe Gidia mia you have still a few grains of affection for me, and I love you eo devotedly; I cannot help forf iut tell me," he eaid gaily, " who has my iving you as I look into your pretty face, little poverty-stricken Gidia been transformed into ? Of course, I must be introduced to the fairy godmother or aunt, or whatever the beneficent creature who has adopted you may be, for, my darling, you shall not readily give me the slip again, now you are onoe more restored to my arms." Gidia shivered and turned very pale. " Oh, Silvio J" she gasped, thinking fearfully, " he will kill me when he knows all; is it possible you do not guess what I have done—who I am? My darling, hold me closer in your arms, or I dare not tell you. The man who was with me this evening, who carried me from our box, was Sir Ralph Disney, and I—Oh, Silvio, Silvio!—I married him I" With a frightful oath the Italian flung her to the ground, his eyes, gleaming with rage, seeking a weapon wherewith to strike her; but Gidia, flinging herself at his feet, and frantically throwing her arms round his knees, cried-- " You will not kill me, Silvio. I am not fit to die "—her bare bosom panting with fear and excitement. " Let me live a little while longer, if only to enjoy, my new found happiness," she entreated. Romano seized her delicate wrists violently. • You are trying to fool me again," he hissed " you, my wife, dare to tell me of your mar. riage with another man, and hope to live. Ah, traitress! you love him, or you would never " "No; before Heaven," interrupted Gidia, earnestly; " believe me, Silvio, 1 have never loved anyone but you—no other man has had ower to raise a single warm feeling in my heart; and this cold-blooded Englishman the world calls my husband2 who was onoe my aunt's lover, his very kisses freeze on my lips. I hate him, and would strangle him as he lies beside me, if I dare." Then seeing her words were beginning to tell on Romano she threw herself into hie arms, and between her passionate kisses whispered imploringly— \- ¥ou could not hurt your little wife, your Gidia, for whatever I am to the world I am indeed yours—yours body and soul, and your interests, your aims, shall be mine, my has. band, my love." Then she ventured to look up into the dark stormy faoe of her lover, and its expression was wonderfully reassuring. When the quick subtle brain of the Italian, after his first hurst of jealous rage was over, had grasped the situation, it appeared to Mm not so very displeasing. The handsome tenor, the idol of the moment, had no wish to be hampered with a wife, even such a pretty one as Gidia, and yet here was a most convenient arrangement ready tor him to drop into. Here was a wife whom, if he chose, he could claim openly at any moment, or keep secretly, entirely at his commands, and in his power. That Gidia was Sir Ralph Disney's supposed wife gave him a bold over the wealthy baronet's purse-strings, no small consideration to Romano, who in spite of his princely salary, was one of the most impecunious of men. All this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lilted her head from his breast, she found all resentment had faded from the face of her husband, giving place to a tender resignation. "No, my own," he said sadly, caressing her softly the while. "Much as you have injured me, you know, I could never in cold blood harm a hair of your sweet head; but remember "—and his eyes burnt into hers— you are mine, body and soul, as yon said just now, and we must oontrive to meet often privately, or I will not be responsible for my actions." Yes, of course, dearest," she uttered lightly, not daring to contradict the man in whose power she lay so completely. " Only it will be frightfully difficult to manage, yon know." " But if you really love me as yon say, and not that stiff-necked Englishman whose throat I long to cut, it will be easy enough. Besides, Gidia, since you always took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, you are a female Maehiavelli," laughed Silvio. "Ah, flatterer1"—Gidia thought Maehiavelli was probably some character in an unknown opera— " But my darling, I would move heaven and earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not doubt my love for you;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Claudia's words respecting her musical reunion the following Thursday, she laughed softly, "So, Silvio, you are the new tenor whom my cousin has secured to sing with me, and whose voice I hoped would blend well with mine." And you, then," said Silvio, also laughing, " are the lady amateur I have been cursing, having determined she was some vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note. We shall charm and. astonish your friends, I fancy, my darling." " What a mercy we did not meet unexpectedly for the first time in my own drawingroom," said Gidia, thankfully; "and, dear love, I must now hasten away, or my absence may be discovered, and then where would •Lady Disney's' reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you must not come a single step with me, the risk would be too great "—Silvio had made a movement as if to accompany her—" You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au revoir till Thursday, by which time I shall have devised the ways and means for our future rendezvous." One more long embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to her stately home, the home of the man who trusted her implicitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble race. • Silvio Romano then left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily-furnished chambers thinking how he could turn to best advantage the strange chances Fate had put into his hand. When a mere youth he had married the half English, half Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit of passion, partly because their voices harmonised, and he had a vague idea it might be worth his while to secure her. Romano knew and cared little about his child-wife's relations. Her mother was Leonora Valetta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as he believed, the cast-off mistress of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the story of [jeonora's marriage was regarded as a mere myth. Thus he never dreamt what a source of wealth she would eventually become to him ; in fact, he had, amid the excitement of his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. ' How beautiful she has become," he thought, " unless it is the way she is got up, which makes the astonishing difference. I should hardly have recognised her, if the little fool had not looked so frightened, though she had good reason for fear, little serpent 1 " and he clenched his white teeth savagely. If I had only known, but she shall pay for it yet, Silvio Romano is not a man to be trifled with. So those are the famous Disney diamonds I have heard so many fine ladies rave about. Why, they alone must be worth king's ransom," and his eyes shone curiously. When his handsome face dropped the mask of the conventional smile it usually wore, what an evil-looking man he was. Romano was tall, with a light symmetrical figure, clear cut regular features, dark creamy skin,, and face which bore evidence of his nationality. His head was covered with a profusion of black curls, a moustache of the same color hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, and his bright black eyes, large and bold, were capable of expressing as much tenderness as his soft, thrilling voice. But, in spite of these natural advantages, the man's character was discernible on his countenance, for his expression betrayed that he was both selfish and crafty, and his heart not only oold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionate—not an uncommon combina tion in the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fickle as the winds, he would still never hesitate to draw a knife across the defenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the back of a man who stood between him and his objects. And he held Ralph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power he would not scruple to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind was busy with plans for the future, but his thoughts seemed rivet ted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn; nothing else seemed real or tangible. His newly recovered wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long clinging kisses were very pleasant to recall— but those diamonds 1 When he closed his eyes he could almost see them again sparkling and glittering on the fair white throat (for a moment he paused to think how soft and tender that was), and in careless profusion over the rich silken robes. Long after daylight had stolen in through the windows, Romano sat reasoning feebly— " The jewels belong to Gidia, and she is undoubtedly mine, why should not I make use of both her and them? " The thought seemed at first a *ild one, but it rapidly gained ground, and ere long the Italian had fully determined on obtaining speedy possession of the much-coveted dia monds, no matter at what risk; and he vowed fiercely it should fare ill with the man or woman who might dare to stand in his path. CHAPTER VIL Before the season—an nnnsnally gay one— had closed, Lady Disney astonished her husband by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney Manor, and Ralph, though only too thankful to escape from a life in every way irksome to him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia she would probably find the country very dull after having accustomed herself to so much excitement. " You see, my dear, no one will leave town just now, and I doubt if you would get any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to accompany us—at any rate, not till after the next drawing- room and the Princess' Garden Party," be said warningly, being too honest to take a mean advantage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. " Ob, I do not care the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; " I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish we had never come to London at all, but stayed at Disney all by onrselves," and she began to cry. Ralph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly in his arms— " My darling "—soothingly—" we will start at once, if you really wish it. I shall be overjoyed at having my little wife all to myself again,^or our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure air of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring back the roses which have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, " and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cunningbame to join us there. It will be quite like old times," he added, pleasantly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband never heard, as their conversation was at that moment interrupted by the entrance of callers, but the invitation was despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. The following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town; and the same paper which recorded their departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Romano was compelled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from public life. He was about to proceed—so it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repose he so much needed. Lilias Dezing's first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed herself severely for having for a moment even entertained the thought of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Ralph Disney's poung wife, who greeted her aunt with gushing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light-hearted creature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priory. "How happy they are!" Mrs. Cunninghame would exclaim as she watched Ralph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about the lonely old grounds. And Lilias, though she had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe ii so, and, without one regretful sigh for the happiness which might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunninghame was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cottagers dwelling on their respective estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The drawing-room opened on a long terrace, from which some ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark fir trees oame a peculiar note, which to most ears would have borne no significance, it was so like the ory of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders contemptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided across the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Romano. My own Io7e," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. " You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it is here," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's side as she glanced fearfully around. "But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. With arms twined about each other, and heads bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Cunningbame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disney's usually blooming face, that Mrs. Cunninghame uttered an exclammation of surprise and dismay, which immediately attracted the attention of both Ralph and Lilias. " My love," said Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, "how imprudent of you to remain out so late! I should have fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremendously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's faoe. " Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Cunninghame, the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, her feet are quite wet," pointing to the tiny satin slippers resting on a stool. ' So they are! and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Ralph excitedly abated the little hands which hung listlessly at her side, and looked appealing towards Miss Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaches for having monopolised Sir Ralph so long, rose and went towards her niece. " Come, dear, yon had better divest yourself of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Ralph, " or let me take .yon to your room, Gidia," and she tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and tor once the tears which streamed down her cheeks were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a sigh of relief she found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny frills hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace trimmings torn and discolored. " They will need my assistance onoe more," she thought, triumphantly, as die brushed ont the tangled golden curls, and pored stealthily at the white drawn lace reflected in the glass. ' Miladi indeed appears vraiment Maladi," she said at last, softly. " Maladi is not wise to venture so late in the air of this perfidious climate. Mon Dicu ! but it is simply atrocious to one accustomed to the delicious evenings of the Sunny South, the bright Italic," and Maria cast up her eyes sentimentally. . The Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had indeed need of her maid's assistance, so she answered— " Yes, my good Marie, I am ill, wretchedly so, and unless I feel ever so much better in the morning, I shall not leave my own apartments—at least not before the evening. And, oh! whilst I think of it," she went on carelessly. "Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds; I have arranged an entirely new setting for them if Sir Ralph will only let me carry ont my ideas." Marie took her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much as she could manage to carry. " Mon Dieu; but it is heavy," she exclaimed, with a groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. "You need not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with the bunch of keys. " I am not inclined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again," The door had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. " How dare be ask me to risk such a thing ! " she exclaimed vehemently. " There will be such a terrible storm when the rob- bery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would become of me ? To fall so low after having climbed so high, would be dreadful-, and I could almost hate Silvio for making me do this thing. How cruel he can be when he chooses 1" she meditated. " And yet I suppose I really do love him a little. Certainly mora than anyone else in the world." Then, her sobs gradually subsiding, she unlocked the safe, and, taking the diamonds foom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the surface of a moonlit lake. " I have no affection for the horridly old fashioned things themselves," she reflected. " Ralph will never be persuaded to let me do what I like with them. Then, as Silvio says, everyone will be so full of commiseration when they hear of my loss, that I shall be sure to have endless presents to console me, nice modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy stuff"—And she looked contemptuously at the curious setting Ralph valued more highly than the diamonds themselves. " This riviere Is rather nice though; I remember the Prince said how well it became me, at the Mansion House Ball," and she held it up to the light, letting it glide over her pink fingers. " Yes, I must try and keep it somehow," decidedly. " After all, if Marie will only assist me, I shall not have to run any very great risk " (the little sinner was a philosopher in her way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). "It is poor Silvio who will suffer, if anyone, but then he is far too clever to be caught,"—and having comfortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror bfeg&n; visibly to diminish, giving place to another feeling of annoyance as she thought— I shall have to give Marie at least half the money Ralph gave me yesterday—how exceedingly tiresome!" and she touched the bell pettishly. In a few seoonds the Frenchwoman entered, bearing on a small silver salver a cup of steaming chocolate. " How nice, and thoughtful of you, Marie," and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as she daintily sipped the fragrant beverage. " I really do not know what I should do without /ou. And oh, I was just thinking; I am not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenore sent me yesterday, so you may have it if you like." Then, interrupting Marie's profuse thanks—" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's. Sir Ralph wishes it, but they must be carefully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to-morrow evening." Here Lady Disney's tones became studiously slow and measured, causing Marie to listen very attentively. " I shall leave my room exactly at five minutes to eight; you will then immediately take the diamonds from their cases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them. I have a presentimont that when once down stairs—say at eight o'clock precisely—the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, so be prepared to come to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand me?" and she fixed her eyes significantly on her maid's expressive features. "But, Miladi—" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mistress's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoulders deprecatingly—" would it not be an imprudence to leave euch valuable jewels even for a moment? If by some terrible misadventure they were lost, stolen, it is I, pauvre Marie who would be compelled to face ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beautiful, so amiable, I would even risk that." "Rest assured, Sir Ralph will never blame you for neglecting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assistance," replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. " I see I can depend on your fidelity, Marie," and she opened a small cabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graciously—" To show you how highly I value your services." Marie said not a word, but fixed her eyes avaricously on the other half, which Gidia was about to return to the cabinet. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. Sir Ralph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening and found her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambre covering her dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to the wonderful erection of tiny golden curls. " Are you quite sure, darling, you feel well enough to join us at dinner," were her husband's first words. "I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would not have you overtax your strength for the world." Gidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. " Ob, yes, dear; I am really ever so much better, and cannot consent to lose another of our dear, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revel in. I love to listen to you and wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to understand all your clever plans "—then glancing towards the little Dresden clock which had just chimed the third quarter—"Can you wait just another minute, dear? Marie has newly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs." " Of course, dearest, I shall wait—an hour if you like." Then bis eye fell opon the safe standing near, with the keys dangling from the lock. " You are surely not coming out in your diamonds to-night," he stud, wonder ingly. (To be continued.) 