THE HAUNTED HOME 3 OP GEEA.T BRITAIN.* There are several ways of telling ghost stories. They can be told in the solemnly im pressive way, or in the thrilling romantic way. You can tell them in a strain of super cilious cynicism, though this style is not to be commended, or yon can plunge into die narrative in a spirit of uninquiring belief. It is difficult to tell them in any manner in which all the elements of interest, and we may add of amusement, are wholly lost. Bnt, if there is any way of doing this, it is to tell them as they are told by Mr. Ingram. In the first place, the conception of his book is a mistake. If be desires to aid in the laudable efforts that are being made by the Bishop of Carlisle, the Psychical Society, and others to rehabilitate the British ghost, he might ask himself how far this end is likely 1 to be forwarded by a catalogue of haunted houses compiled Bomethmg after the fashion of a street directory. Ghosts are too intangible, too evanesceiit, to be dealt with in this coarse fashion. Then, however respectable a family ghost may be, every enlightened person has the profonndest con tempt for the ghosts of other people's family mansions. So that if Mr. Ingram's book gives a catalogue of say 100 ghosts, it would be much to secure from any individual reader esteem for, and belief in, a single ghost* a result which has to be purchased, at the price of scorn and ridicule for all the others. Then Mr. Ingram does not know how to tell his ghost stories in such a way as to at : once secure the faith and interest of the eeader. and to preserve his dignity as an enlightened person in the nineteenth century. Hence at times there seems a suspicion of his tongue in his cheek while he tells his thril ling and hair-rousing narratives. There: is something fanny, too, about the little tags he at times thinks it necessaiytotaekon in a jaunty way to his stories fipmetimes iis a sort of half - hearted certificate to their Authenticity, sometimes by way of trying to land the Teader on the firm land of common sense again. . ' J. .As to &e; stories themselves, they<x>nsiat i mainly of the canal purposeless and rather inibedle appearance of the ghost ofsome deceased person, attired in the £h$Bt'of a e3$rt» ornight-dresa, or drjf^%^wa,, the case may be. Many of Jhem me down, from-'''those trustworthy juand^ faaiiiw isourees,' :Dr. lee's Glimptei of'the Super *^uriptf, :Bobert Dale Owen's. Fpbt falls t on tie Boundary of A*oQiqr World, andl Mw. Crowe's flight Side of Mature. If one! will not believe these veracious authorities, J then,' tevMently. thinks Mr. Ingram, he- would! .noi' ^jieve though one rose ^oto ^ja dfJad., iBufc -even in citing these eminent witoewee' 'he does so in m rather fainthearted wbj.,| Thus/he cites one story, and saya that it -niayi tecording to Br. depended tap ' aa^ztlientic," According to Dir. fcee, yes;] . but ihen that is not much. One who has to, iefl> of' ghosts should soom a timid etyie. \ Elsewhere the story iB only true " if Dr. j 'jfijlp fettacappndent may be creditedIn j onp jplace he speaks of an apparition wMch ^ was " supposed to have oppBaced." Of^ ataotherthe remark is made that" regard it; Ijo#4 We «W, 8» % dream oirm cpitibajl^abe, i ; ?the'-: »ayeotare. .Wagf. very.' &arreUpPB; j ' *Th« HMUitedHomM and «r] : OnrtiMMa,bjrJohnH. Ingram. Union: W.fL j one." But, Mr. Ingram, call yon this backing of your ghosts to resolve them into "dreams" ot "coincidencesf' Then vte feel that we are being somewhat played with when we have a ghost of ®* a headless. woman carrying a child in her arms," presented to us on the evidence of a, negro servant known as! "Black Tom," whose : "character tor sobriety" was '' not tem&rkable.;" In another place we have the inevitable "[there an more things in heaven and earth," &C.; Bat tile point is to show us that the "other,things" are ghosts, and Mr. Ingram evidently is per sonally convinced that they ace nothing of the kind. If this work wanted jdoingit is a pity it did not devolve upon more sy&ip;&thetic; hands. , The ghosts described are vnftotis. One is the " Radiant Boy," and another is the " Luminous Woman." Indeed, a lumini ferous quality characterises a large number of them. However, it they are often bright, the object o£ their appearance is iavariably, obscure Much is made of the point that one ghost was the cause of the correction of a date in the despatch of a commajlder-in chief, but this result hardly seems worth: the upsetting of all the laws of matter, and force, and space, and time tt> accomplish it. One ghost is that ;ofa drummer, who had been unjustly put to death, aud who still gets; uhostly music out of the ghost of a drum bgr. > the aid of ghostly drumsticks. The case is worth referring to as an instance of the folly of disreganliai? Ingoklshy's well-known ? ad vice:- .1 ?' " Last of all, if by chance or conrenlenfce yoU'ro led To cut s man's throat, or demolish his bead. Don't do't in n thunderstorm-wait for thewmmer 1 And wind. above .above All things, the max'S xor A l>r,i:SLSiKR!!" It is rather amusing to sec that even the reputation of Lord Westbury, the formidable. Lord chancellor who " laughed ? the Devil out of court nnd dismissed Hell with costs," could not jjrevent his house from, beitig in vaded by an intrusive ghost, upon which neither orders of court nor injunctions had. the least effect _ ." 