ticms or seme. England and Egypt. — Affairs at Berber are getting weree and worse. The Egyptian troops forming the gamson are openly fraternising with the insurgents, and the inhabitants me Bering for dear life. The Egyptian Council has applied to the British Government, asking that a combined British ana r.gypaa n ioree snonid be sent to the relief of Berber, but have received a reply that it will be impossible to despatch such an expedition for at least four months to come. It certainly would be suicidal to said a combined force, as the Egyptians have not oniy proved themselves to be arrant cowards in the field, bnt are now also showing they are treacherous even when sheltered by for tifications. Consequently, they would be worse than nsriess in a combined force, and by their treachery and cowardice might lead to the annihilation -of the British soldiers sent ont to assist them. Ear better send a thousand British bayonets by themselves than fifteen hundred or taore, if su.w:. with Egyptian troops who, by giving way at a critical moment, might lead to the Rriti.1. being surrounded on all rides. Nevertheless, does it not read like a farce saying no snch expedition can he sent for at least four months to conn: Whore are the troops General Graham so recently ledto victoiy? Moet df them are still, to nse a colonial ex- presrion, " within cooee." Sorely, if Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues wish to pre- ventthe massacre of every man, -woman and child in Berber, they might send effective aid there within less than a month. Torive snch a replyhs they have dime seems Very like cowardice ; it leads to the inference that they do riot wish to iriterferehy force of arms, hot lacking Hm, courage of their opinions. Tear to Bay so straight tmt and have done with It. AthUetics.— Last --year ' there - was a football club InHamaton, but it did little or nothing, and during -the past rammer cricket was almost a dead letter, compara tively few matches bring played. The time has again come ronnd- for football hut, so far, nothing has been doneJto resuscitate the club. Why is this thus ? Gan it bethat all love for inanly pastimes has' died out far Hamilton Surely not. We haye as many stalwart young men ps ever we had. All that Is "required Is for some ot the more enqcgetic to take the initiative; and the re poWerfntfratfaaHrinbthanhaa'avAjctflonh; battle fpr tie phJcago (be West. We commend this subject to the attention of some of our veterans, who surely will better like to see our young men disporting them selres in the football field than roaming list lessly about ale yards and streets, or turn ing day into night by playing in-door games on Saturday afternoons. Casterton will, in all probability, have its football club, so will . Merino, and sow those places are to be reached, or nearly so, by nil, there will be no difficulty in arrang ing for ma''1, that is to say. if a club is - formed. Coleraine will also, it is under stood, be ready to take part in these encoun ters, so that no time should be lost in, convening a meeting of all taking an inter est in the game, to see what can be done. The RMLS.S. " Shannon" with English mails and files to the 21st nit. arrived in the bay at half-past six o'clock on Sunday morning. The Shannon has made a successful passage on this occasion, and the worst weather of the whole trip was encoun tered between Albany and Adelaide. At Glenelg some difficulty was met with in landing mails, passengers, and cargo. But for this the mails would have been landed on Saturday evening. The Hamilton portion of the mails was received and delivered last evening. Anarchy in Spain. — Another An- archist slot has been discovered in Snaio. and as with dynamiters elsewhere so with the conspirators in Spain, cowardly tactics are being pursued. In England attempts were made to blow up railway stations ; in Spun railway bridges are being operated upon, and little do the Anarchists care how many innocent persons are destroyed. Hanging or garotting is really too good for all such monsters in human shape. Promotion. — It is announced in the Gazette that Mr. John Dexwant, assistant inspector of schools, has been promoted to the rank of inspector. Board of Advice. — Messra. B, Matbieson and W. H. Roper are gazetted as members of the Board of Advice for the North Riding, Shire' of Glenelg, School District. The Land Act. — Applications approved— Leases : Sec. 20— J. Tfaornett, Kaniva ; E. P. Adams, nee Nicholls, Dun- m tinkle ; J. J, - Power, Grants : . Sec. 4. — J. RgRn, Byaduk ; J Tilley, : Bo ram Boram ; D. McKamara. Talimba. Summoning Officer — In future school truant- inspectors are to act as sum moning officers under the Education Act instead of policemen being engaged in that capacity. Thus Mr. M'Gillivray will not only have to find out tenants throughout a large portion of the Western District, bnt will also have to attend to the taking ont of summonses. It is donbtfnl if the innovation will prove beneficial. j.o.c. iiauuiuuiuua vabmval was commenced yesterday with an Intercolonial Polo match, between : Warrnambool and Adelaide. His, contrary to expectations entertained here, was won by the visitors by nine goals to three. To-day the amusement will consist of horse racing, and throughout the week there will be something in the way of sport going on. A report of the polo match appears amongst onr telegrams. Donald Dinnie. — The Scottish champion would appear to be more at borne with the caber, the hammer, and the heavy stone than he. is with the pen, as no answer has yet been received from him as to whether or not he will be able to give a display of his powers in Hamilton. We perceive arrangements are being made for him to visit Ballarat, and if the Qneen'e Birthday (24th May) i selected as the day on which he is to visit that town, he might find it con venient to take Saturday's night train and be here on the 26th May. What says oar Highland visitor to this ? Rifle Match. — A challenge re ceived by the Hamilton Rifle Club from the Dunkrid Club, to shoot for a trophy of £5 a-side, has bran accepted. It is to take .ne morning oi tne Z4tn Alay, and as there will be five men aside, it has been decided to shoot for five gold medals, so that -each winner will have a trophy. The dis tances will be 200, 300, and 400 yards, seven shots at each range, one sighter, with regu lation targets. The following are the names of the Dunkrid representatives: — Messrs. Young, Gillahan, Anyon, and H. Womers- ley (capt.) The Hamilton representatives will be chosen from the following :— Messrs. Churchill, Harrison, Wilson, Finch, Cooke, Gaffhey, Sloan and Simpson. North Hamilton Races. — By an announcement in our advertising columns it will be Been that that indefatigable caterer for public amusement, Mr. Ifogarty, has convened a meeting of all interested in sering some home-racing on the Qoeen's Birthday. The meeting is to be held on Thursday next, and as the fiubsciiption-list has been liberally commenced, Mr. Fogarty hopes the committee will be able to adver tise a programme that will attract horses from near and afar. When Mr. Fogarty heard that the Volunteer Fire Brfo&de; proposed to hold a sports meeting on .the Qaeen b Birthday, he proposed not to hold a race meeting fcon that day, bo there should be no clashing of attractions, but it being now generally nnderstood that the public holiday will be held on Monday, 26th May, he sees bis way clear to have a race meeting on the 24th. He also proposes to arrange for a series of pigeon matches, at which the lowest possible price will be charged for the birds. The Pettavel Murder— The police will hare to look further afield for the dis covery of the murderer of Francis Beach at Pettavel, as, after a long and exhaustive en quiry, the magistrates at Gerioug on Satur day, discharged William Bourke, alias Irwin, alias Donegan. The prisoner was alleged to be a lunatic, bnt throughout the enqiuiy conducted himself more likes knave than fool, and although he was ordered back to the lunatic asylum, it is, in some quarters, believed the Attorney-General wUl files bill against him. Whether the murderer or not, the antecedents of the man were not such as to lead any one to expect that he would elicit sympathy. Nevertheless we read that on the verdict of acquittal bring announced two emotional female.. as they went, rushed up to the dock ant shook hands with the man. When asked why they did so, they answered it-was because they believed the man tobeinno- cent. We also learn that tile verdict was re ceived with load applanse,' which had to be suppressed. The prisoner held up his hands and said that, thank God, he was not guilty. The proceedings lasted till past 5 o'clock, the court being crowded 11 day. The Late Bryoe MacKinnon. That Dr. Dickinson acted wisely in not harialy hawuding any opinion as to the awfully sudden death of poor young tf». Jrinnon, on Friday last, has bran ehown by the post motion examination. The common belief was that it conld be nothing else'bnt heart disease. By the report of the enquiry, howerer, it will be seen that the totality is to be attributed to sanguineons apoplexy, the blood fonnd on the brain being sufficient to nil a large tumbler. Dr. Dickinson re marked that it was extraordinary to find one so young die of apoplexy, and all who knew the lad will be still more surprised as the deceased vraajivay steady boy, a strict teetotaller, and, judging from appearances, with no apoplectic tendencies, xhe great sympathy frit for his bereaved 'parents was ' on Sunday fully shown by the large attend ance at the funeral, the remuos being- followed to their tost resting place by between two and three hundred persons, many of whom went on foot. Amongst the mourners were the Presbyterian Sunday School Scholars, of whom the deceased was one when alive, end his fellow members of the Juvenile Tent of Rechabites. ! On arrival at the cemetety the Rev. Mr. Allen officiated, end delivered a pathetic and vary telling address on the uncertainty of life. The rev. gentleman also made some touching alluriona to the euddenness of the death daring the evemiig service M thefresbyteriaa Chutrii. -Stock and Btationr— Messra. Ra- leigb. Aitken, and Co. report having eold, on account of . Mr. A M 'Edward, big. Eursck estate, situated near Winchelsea, in the western- district of Victoria," an# eon- ' tairing am area of -S, 230 ocrre ' of -freehold land, the purchaser being Mr. Robert Ghirn- sidq, of Monnt BotbwelL— Messra. Macder- mott,-Loughnan, and -Soarr report ha vine . eold, . on account of Mr. - John GosteUo; -faia - retateJmownjnsfGawarra-situatedin'-the = Port Curtis district;' -close -to Boakfaampton. ' Queensland, containing nn area Of -about 16,000 scresofjreehoia land, togelher with 4,100 head of high-class cattle (including -a luge herd of purebred Shorthorn bnd Hcre- : find bulls), 265 headof4oiw/etores, "'plan)/ improvements, Ac., Hill and Co. being the purchasers. They also sold on account: of Mr. R. Somerset 1,200 square miles of country situated near the Roper River, -In the Northern Territory of Sohth Australia, Tat.t. Scoring.; — In the match be tween South Melbourne and Richmond for the MTiean Challenge Cup, which has already occupied two Saturday afternoons, the South have scored 381 runs for the loss of only, three wickets. J. Slight made 150, Tnunble 131, and Walters not out 73. The V.AT.C. Meeting. — Owing tp.the unpleasant state of the weather, .the races held on the C&ulfield; course on Satur day afternoon were very poorly attended. Tulta won the Selling Race, and was bought in for £50, all of which goes to the club. Yatriy won the Hurdle Race, and Brenda second, and Dawdler third. Berwick and Vanguard felL Merrijig won the Glen Huntly Handicap ; Meander was second, and Lesbza third. The Steeplechase was won by Blackthorn ; Chrysalis was second, and Lizette third. Stampede and Noorong fell. The racing concluded with the Anna- dale Handicap, won by Meander ; The Ghost was second, and Castaway third. In Hesoriar. — Christ Church was crowded on Sunday evening on the occasion of the Rev. J. EL Zfflmann'e first lecture on Tennyson's An Memonam, ana tnose who know the rev. gentleman's fondness for the works of the poet laureate, need scarcely be assured he most ably bandied his subject. The motto selected by him was from H Samuel, Chap. L — "I am very distressed for thee my brother Jonathan, very pleasant hast thou been for me in life. Thy love was wonderful, passing the love of women." Mr. Zillmann commenced by referring to the plebescite the Journal oj Education invited from its readers as to the best living author and his favourite book. The result was that the largest number of votes was given for " In Memoriam." He quoted from Robert son's " Lectures on Poetry," in which occurs a very eloquent and discriptive passage of the beauty and deep spiritual teaching of the above- mentioned poem, and which. Mr. ZQlmann considered as quite a sufficient justification for making the topics it suggests the subject matter of a series of addresses. The lecture consisted of an explanation of the various moods through which grief for the departed passes, and the mysterious problems born of sorrow, which the poet answers, not as a theologian or . metaphysician, but under the influence of poetical inspiration. Appropriate passages illustrative of each poem were given, as the preacher proceeded, and the )e« tore concluded with a recitation, given with great fervour and spirit, of one of the most beautiful parts of " In Memoriam," the last verse of which readB — " So runs my dream, but what -am I? An infant crying in the night, An infant crying for the light, JVTHi witn no language out a cry. Consecration of Monsxgkor Moore : — -Hie most imposing religious cere monial that has taken place for many years in connexion - with the Roman Catholic Church in Victoria was performed in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, on Sunday, namely, the consecration of Monsignor Moore as bishop. As was generally antici pated, the attendance at the cathedral was enormoos. 'There were many viritors from Melbourne. It was the first occasion on which a Victorian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church was consecrated within the boundaries of the colony. Monsignor Moore has laboured as a missionary priest in Melbourne, Keffor, and Ballarat for 25 years, 19 of which have been passed in the last- named city, where he has attained a wide spread popularity. Archbishop Goold was the consecrating prelate, assisted by the bishops of Goulbonm, Adelaide, Hobart, Maitiand, and Armidale. The Very Rev. T. Cahill, S. J., preached the sermon, and in the afternoon Bishop Moore entertained a large party of Ins personal friends at a ban quet, at which reference was made to the education question by Mr. W. H. Archer, who, as a member of the Royal Commission on Education, denied that that body had come to any final decision in reference to the Catholic claims. The Trades Congress. — A laTge deputation of members of the Intercolonial Trades Congress waited upon Mr. Service on Saturday morning, to bring under his notice some of the principal subjects which had been discussed during the deliberations of the congress. Mr. B. Douglass, the presi dent, Mr. W. Trenwith, and others, spoke at some length in pointing out the reforms which the congress desired. Among these were the necessity for a trades union Act, a mining on private property Act, the estab lishment of a universal eight hours system for all classes of labour, an employers' liability Act, an amendment of the Masters and Servants' Act and the Alining Act, and an improvement in the manner of election to mining boards. They further stated that resolutions were passed against the threat ened influx of French criminals to the South Sea Islands. Mr. Service expressed his pleas ure at hearing of the latter, and commented upon 'MiuiH ou4ijm,w uLuuguii ueiore mm, A Mining on Private Property Bill would be introduced in the Legislative Council early next session, in the hope that when it had passed that body the Assembly would have more heart to take it up. The other matters referred to would be brought under the notice of bis colleagues, with whom he would confer as. to the possibility of dealing with them next session. He was glad to hear of the appointment of a parliamentary com mittee by the congress, and hoped it would assist the Government in the drafting of biUs, more especially in reference to those subjects which were very difficult to legislate'1 upon. He urged upon the deputation the necessity of establishing a federal council, which could legislate upon subjects upon which all the colonies desired to have a com mon law, and suggested to the Sydney delegates a demonstration of the working classes in favor of the Federal Council Bill, as they would by that means strengthen the hands of the Government and weaken the opposition. 