THE LICENSING LAWS. to the editor of ti1b daily 7rlbqrafh. Sir, — In your issue of to-day there appears a report of an interview held between a deputation of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association and the Colonial Secretary. From tho report it must be evi- dent, ocyona an douot, that the desire of the deputa tion was to induce Mr Stuart, as the representative of the Government, to act as foster-parent to Mr Olliffe's long looked-for amending Bill. But the defeat sufforcd by the Ministry when the present Act wns under consideration, is a little matter not easily forgotten by a man of Mr Stuart's sensibilities, and he therefore warily informed tha deputation that "He was not prepared to say then the Government would again endeavour to move iu thi.s matter. It would be an entirely open question with tho mem bers of the Government to deal with Mr Oililfj's Bill iu tho way they liked." With regard to ths deputa tion, a stranger, observing that it was composed mainly of Ms. P., might be inclined to imagine it an influential one ; but any student of colonial pol iica reading tbo names of tho persons who hold the distinction would be better able to judge its worth, and from tho nainos alone wouid bo nble confidently to declare it " A pnb- licans' deputation." The representations of tbe deputation were in the main the same old stock that tho publicans of New South Wales have been laying out for public admiration, fur the last 20 years ; but as commercial men mark off each year a certain depreciation on old stock, so tbe argu ments (?) of the licenced victuallers have, year by year, depreciated, uutil now they might fairly bo valued at — nothing. For instance, in one place we are told, that one of tbe evils of Sanday closing is, that whon men get an opportunity to enter public- houses they get beastly drunk ; while the geat'emau who mado the statement favours opening for a few hours on Sunday. Might not the men whe enter tho publicbonse8 during those few houra " take the opportunity " and "get beastly drunk" also? The president of the association represented by tho depu tation etatcd:— "The result of the amending Act had not bad the effect, as was expected by some per sons, of materially lessening the sale of fiqnors, but it had bad the effect of withdrawing tbe sale from tho licensed victuallers. . , . into the hands of grocers and boarding housekeepers." And lagair. — "It war. found in England that amongst women in families, drinking lad been enormously increased by the facilities afforded by tbe grocers." Anunbia-sei reasoning man would unturally remedy these evils by withdrawing tbo grocers' license. . . > Dr ltead, the president- referred to, would with draw the grocers' licenses, -hut sucti withdrawal seems to bo inseparably associated in his mind with affording to pablicans increased facilities for tire sale of liquor. Mr Stuart said, "For the first year after tho .Suuday-closing law came into force tbe statistics seemed to point to a diminution of drunk enness, Certainly the repo-t for lust year did not bear out that statement." I consider this difference of effect is wholly duo to the grocers' licenses. For tbe first 12 months of the operation of theSundiy- closing law grocors' licenses wore few and far be tween, wbiUt during the past year the multiplica tion of grocers' licenses lias been something enor mous. Clearly, then, tho practice of beaming grocers should be abolished ; but Hurcty it wouhl be madness to compensate the evil by ooeuing the public-bouses on Sunday. Mr 3tu art has nt hut seen tho wisdom of wiping out that ghost tho traveller.' clause : but oven tho Premier did not escape the contagion of compensation, for ho suggests (pri vately, not politically) tho re-opening of pablie- ' houses for a few hours on Sucd.avs. Mr Copeland could not but suggest that " through out the livelong summer day those who re- Suircd refreshment should bo able to obtain it oa nnday as well as on any other day ? Dr Head ! found complaints from men and their employers that tbrongb the taking home of liquors on Saturday- night, they did not como down to work on Monday morning as tbey need to do." One would think tbe remedy for this wonld be the closing of pnbllchontcs on Saturday as well as on Sunday. To the em ployees affcctod I would say, virtually prohibit tho traffic, by personally abstaining from the use of alco holic liquor, and yon will find no difficulty in gotag to work on Monday morning, in working hard all the week, in saving a portion of your earnings, and thus benefiting thebtate and enriching yourselves, as well as protecting yourselves from the "many ills that flesh is heir to." Mr Merriman said, " The pollee magistrate of Melbourne stated tbe other day tbat Sunday closing increased the crime of drunkenness." I have for some time taken pleasure in reading your Melbourne letter, and in your iaane of yesterday I find your Melbourne correspondent writing as follows : — " Mr Call, the P.M., is still the same gentleman who was pablicly accused before the police commission, of being in leagne with tbe brewers, and has been content over since lo allow bis character to he under so serious an imputation," W'e therefore know thu value of the opinion of tho Melbourne P.M. on matters relating to tbe llqnor traffic. The only excuse I can offet for tho lengtli of this letter is tbe importance of the question, and us I consider you have already recoguised that importance, I feel confident that this : will find a place in the columns of your liberal paper,— Yours, Ac , " A UST i! .4 LI AN PRO HI B1TIONI 3T. Sydney, February s. 