f^EQimNG NOTBSr f' (B» Jbhw Jukiob, in The JTeaJt.) Thb Hanlan regatta lnst Saturday -was the Wnt managed affair I over witnessed. To begin with, ,1 ho- books advartisod the races to ?tart at certain times, and not' a tingle raoo ires started anywhere near the timo advertised, If the regatta committed had gono up the'riVer iri'«5 hti,t to pick out the worst possible 'osmrse/: they, Mould not have,, boon moro succossfnl; 1 nover was at a regatta jot that there was nut a certain amount of doubt as to, what raco wa- being rowed, and as to who wore the competitors, and who the onlooker* Surely some arrange ment could be come to as' to fcooping'thecourse cloar, and signalling the number of the|raco. i lie regatta committee will probably have come to the oonoluBibh by this timo that to' organise a regatta, race mooting, 'exhibition, or oriotot match' rcquireB a deal moro tact and . skill than appears to the ordinary obeorvor. However, one man has done well out of the business, namely, fianlan. ?? ?-? -? ?? The wcightB for tho Metropolitan Stakes and the Hawkeabury Grand Uiudioap'woredfo'ared on Monday last,. Malua'und lo Grand divi e the honours for top weight in tho Metropolitan Stales, though why LoGrind should have the impost of 9 st. 3 lbs is tu'mo incomprehemiblo Meirtini'Henry comes next with 3;lbsHo--s: iind seems to be in his right iLtcs. ) he ill us ri Sweet William, with 8 st, 7 lbs , -will probably ruu in his usual pluco, th'.Vnglx-'jufsie, with 8 it' '8 lba'-'ehould bo dangerous, 'lhu ppeu'dy Maronoy has boon put rather far, up thu list ?with 7 st. '9 lbs. if Wulsli 'ba-i only m»ke Gipsy King stay on the course, 6 at 7 lb» should'riothlnderhtm much.- In the*! Hawkes bury Grand Handicap M..»r(itii UViiry heads the list with 9 Bt 5 lbs 8w-*t WillUm is given 2 lbs more than in the M'«!.rdp''litau, fo he will have another, grievance to add to his list. In the. Melbourne Cup weights tup bandicapper hai'very properly put Commotion at the top of tile1 ti.ee with ilm crusher of 'J st,. 12 lbs , ilaluo, coining next with 9 st 9 lbs., giving Lo. Grand Bibs. Welcome Jaok and Mirtih'i-Benry: are1 put on-even terms, though 1 don't think that 7 lbs. woulrt bring, them together myself. I see *'5The Agent,' ahorse w ho twelve monthB ago was, pnjlirjg a buggy after him, is now well up -oittha lilt with 6 sr- 10 Ihj.' ,I,hear that the Townsville Turf, Club have jSwdhaaed two of BVacck'B patent, tbtstlJBatprS} Ojey.are certainly far and away thV^eJt.totali-' ?ators'.'that hove betninventod as vet. The first cost is considerable, but, F (txpect the Towns yille Turf Club will findthem a very profitable investment. ^The'flate Of the Maryborough annual races lias been fixed for ihe 14th' and 1 5th of August. The added money tots;up.to 500 aovs., ,the-two principal races being the Maryborough Handi cap of 120. 6OY8. and another of 75 sovs. ',; JBVomilles toiiand I extrao'. (ho following : — V-A- letter ion bookmakers aud betting has oroked an article from the St. James's Oatette, of vjwbi.o.) . the following ia an extract:— 'In f pp.' -betting the ring have leisure a&d; opp'or^ luiiity to,, bot 'all round.'. They can make safer, when a face' is in the market for days or weeks' before it in run. Their transactions in *uch, cases are leeB of .a gambling nature and morfi.Jiko insurance.' InUll rases the ring lay leas than the (supposed) oddrt. If a horse has a 5 to .1 chaneo, they exjvet to lay. only 4 .to'ljlj1 and so on. Jnstiranca is' car ried'' -on upon '.he eaaie principle. A man injures his house or underwrites his ship — this means that ho backs hia house to be burnt or his sliip tu sick. Tho office or under HniteJf' lays him odds against tho event The ?layer of odds expects to give less than the (mathematically correct odds - else how is he to make his profit, and .to pay Iuk ront, clerkB, : trad interest on hie capital, to Bay nothing of i his, own timo and trouble P Tho total premium .receipts of (insurance .offices must be in excess of. their payment on lossoa; equally — the total, .beta won by the ring in a yuar must, be in ex cess of the totil won oytmckers. . If it were 'not so, neither mmrancooffiuetj nor bookmaking would existas a trado ' ? Me Irish special cormpondent to the Lon don Sporting Life, in a lati1 issue, tells that/ t*-ere wob boido vory novel racing on 1 ord Hayo'B demesne, the me.ting being officially ', ..described as the '? Palmerston Pony rtporta and ; T0yWKbana Meeting.' In order that I may sot in the smallest way misunderstand the, '.managerial interest in one race, I will give type to tho actual article itsolf. Here it is :?-' Kil- ] laahe'a Gupj' fur ponies; oitch weights; stirt -to' be made with saddle off; rider to have: coat, waiitcoit, und braces off; when the flag \--?*opB the pony to be saddled, and a cigar to ! tbo'lighted, and the race to olartj the winner (4o. be the first man who passes the post with coat and wide at properly on, all the buttons! of Abe waistcoat buttoned, bracks buttoned, and cigar still alight ; in lighting cigiir fuses not to be allowed; first receives £3, eocjnd £2. Once round.1! ?.;. Bo ir u\geniouB ? : 2 ''The thoroughbred sire, Soimp, recently im-J '.ported from Bngland by Mr 'jopez, and after- ' swards purchased by Mr. John Lee, for fifteen, hundred' guinea;, has died of ' inflammation ' StSiamp waS'forniorly the property of Sir John; Attley, and was the winner of many races at Borne. '?-??? . ( Th» Ghost, 'whioh won tho LadieB1 Trophy | at taulfiold, Victoria, on Saturdny, June 21st,' i»b'j?CHamlet'- Mystery, and ia the proporty of (the gentleman who races under the name of, ' J. G. Held.' Two coinnidences in conneoliont ?jwMii this race aro worthy of note. The! Bracelet has been won two y--aw consecutively. .by ,animaiB bearing tho came of Ghost, last' .jear'j. winner being Mr. W,i'olte.j' roan, by Tro-j ^cpaglo— Ada'; and tbo Hon. William Pearson Iob obtuiiicd tho ; seeped; Bracelet two years! jrunning— lost Benson with I iddinptjn, and on j'^Baturday with Primus, who ab-- finished eeeond . for tho. Richmond Handicap. ' n'.' ,1 ,? !..?' '? n~- ??? . . : ;,-? We ai'O inclined to poke fun. at our citizen tBoldiefaiBomotimcB, and nu doubt they are not.: altogether equal to Hoi SIftj'-B'(y'j Guurdu. But; ?oms, of, , the crack iinglhh corps were not always ora'ok. ', . An inftunco in point. The writer of This 'Town Talk' had the honour along time ago. or holding a commission in one of tf o'luriot iif the London Voluntosr corps! Jt^ had been formed a few weeks, and tho offii cera know just as much us tho men, and the men juBt at muoh ub the oflicor« — which was fiabthing^ Just then, a groat -sham . fighti at '' 'Wiajblodon was to come tiff, and the new corps burned to distinguish itself on the- field of battle, and to let off it« very ' first blank cartridges. In a '?wMk moment the colonel gave his p«rmi»»ion JifoTiihe regiment to go to ' the sham fight. If s:the regiment did not, know its drill it could maroh » bit, and, moreover, it poosoised two big bands— braau, and. drum and fife — ind it '? -prett? considerably ipiprosutd tho servant, girls -Arid Indies' schools as it nmrohed gaily along to ' -*he'rteioted field. But grief1 was in itore. ? On arriving on thj gruund in the vioinity of a lot of fuiiso' bushes tho battle had begun. The xegimont was ut onco ordered to get itself out of . fours into lino. 'Barkis was willin,' but /. tho drill1, was we, k, and, besides, tliojo ron foupriod f urzo bushes coof iisud everything. The regiment nevor goi, into line To ujo a non. jnilitary term, it burst up, und; its' component pirU^nevcr.got togothor uguia uptil, it was time to march home in tho evening. That rogiinont .3fils.ii6K!^ot the baMlc'of .. VVimhlfdon .oinj blazoned in gold letters on its colours'.' It ?MjAak'f./in if;— I'l.Trtvari.Tnlh ' in Tfitt'Waab I DuBi^O.ttlo. Beign of Terror tho mob got hold of the Abbo Miiury, and i-i- ioWerl to hunt him. 'To tho lamp post with liim!'waB»he universal ory. Tho aliro'wan in a bad fix with » mob for Wb judgeii-'fhn lender moroie* of n mob I With thq utmost ouoInoeB tbo abho naici .to thoio whii were .dragging him iilong: 'Well, if you hang me to tint fnmp post, will yon so'e «ny olaaror forit?' Tiiiu bright silly tioUo'd hii would-be executioners' ami caved his life, j WnBN tho frigWned haymnkors fl^dfrom. . . tba British ovor/-B:ipgJtoj[inB'lats (near th«Hua-. ; von River), in '1777, ori'o I)utohman among Ujo 'fugitives trod on arako, the handle of whioh flew up ucd struck his head as imartly ai dooa tho stuff of a policeman. Throwing up his pleading hands, he shouted : ' I gives up ! Hoorah for King ShucrgeV His sudden con version was only known to a oomf anion jubt ahead in tho race, through whom it probably leaked out* 