THB GHOST AT THE GBANGB, (From the Christmas .Number of JJOHion 1 Society) '.A vehy likely Btory!' I oxclaimedi ' A protty thing, at my time of life, and with my tendency to rheumatism, to go .and bury myself in Cornwall in the depth of winter! Hough it, indeed ! I. daresay; ' 'Windows- that won't 8hut, and doors that won't open, and damp sheets, UUU Ul'UUgULS IU UVCTY iUl/Jll, UI1U tUUgll meat, and no wine cellar, and news papers three days old, and) very probably snow six inches deep in- the bargain. Ugh ! Not if I know it I I'll gee Cornwall hanged first, and there's an end of the matter.' But somehow there wasn't an end of the matter. I went down to1 tfie city as usual, but business was1 slack, and every now and again I caught myself thinking of the merry family party assembled round the roaring fire (I made up my mind somehow that there was a roaring fire) at the Grange;- and) though I was fully decided not to gor I amused myself by fancying (just for the fun of the thing) how things would be if I did go. I could fancy pretty well how I should be received. I hadn't seen my sister Mary or her hu* band for over three years. I wa» quite sure of a hearty welcome from them; and our good old mother the ' dear old lady,' as she was always called in the family, I could imagine her delight. I was half sorry that I couldn't go, if only for her sake. And cousin Kate, my favourite cousin in the days gone by, the cousin whom I once thought — but that's all over and done withv I'm a lonely old bachelor, and Kate is Mrs. Loraine, a buxom widow. What an age it is since I list saw her ! I should like to meet her once again, and I fancy she wouldn't be altogether sorry to- see me. As to the boys and girls, I know pretty well what their opinion would be. ' 'What a jolly row they would make if I were to go, to be sure ! ?? Keally, I'm half sorry it's so completely out of the question. And my special pet, my godchild Effie ; her little postcript kept running in my head : fc Please, dear uncle, do come !' A very pretty little postcript, Effie ! I wish I could come, my dear, but you see I really can't. It's abso lutely and positively impossible, and there's an end of the matter. This- was the second time that I had decided! that there was an end of .the matter ;? and it may, therefore, strike the reader- as slightly inconsistent that I should almost irame'diately afterwards have sent out the office boy to get me a time table-.. But my conscience is clear. I am absolutely positive that up to this time — indeed, up to a considerably later period — I hud not the smallest intention of going on what my ealtn judgment de scribed with perfect propriety as a ' fool's errand.' I am quite clear that my motive in sending for the time table was- that — that — in point of fact murely to see by what train I should have gone if I had been idiot enough to accept my brother-in-law's invitation. My inspec tion of the time table fully confirmed the propriety of the decision I had come- to ; indeed,, tlie impossibility of coming to any other. The only train available started at an unearthly hour ^in tho morning. There was a change of !train,.with'an hour and a half to wait, at :some disgusting: little roadside station. There was* a ; coach, drive of something 'like twenty iriiles to follow the railway 'journey ; and even then I should not :have reached iny destination, but should have had three- miles further to go in what conveyance- might chance to be available. I heaved a sigh of relief at ;the thought of the horrors I had escaped by exorcising (so Iput it) ordi nary common sense- iln the matter. Such being, the: result of my reflec tions .(.which, I still loot back upon with satisfaction, as representing the sound conclusions- of a judicious mind) , it will surprise, no reader who has studied human nature to be. told that two days later, at an. hourwhen usually I am still enjoying my welt-earned repose between tlie sheets,, I found; myself seated in a stuffy railway carriage, en route for Cornwall.. Goinmon Sense whispered to me aa I took my seat, 'No fool like an old fooL,! or something to that effect ; but I hacLnof cast aside all my most cherished' convictions to have my holiday spoilt by any such trumpery reflection as that,, soi I deliberately sat upon Com mon Sense (so- to- speak), and set myself sternly, to- enjoy my Times and my large and varied collection of illustrated weekly literature. ' I pass- over the horrors of that awful journey.. I suppose, a yoyage to the North Pole would be worse, but (of this I am qnite sure) only because it takes longer. It was bad enough in the railway carriage, where iny suffer ings were limited to partial suffocation, the inclemency of the weather being .mitigated bj .perpetual .'.-foot warmers,; hut iu the coach afterwards it was s'iifV focation plus petrifaction. I really fancied we had somehow got back to the''giacial';periodv in' fact T-am quite .sure' tha'tiit 'had already.begun in my boots, i ; The' driver, a' Wealthy;, red-faced. ru&tic;,,with.'no mbre: sensibility, than his leather ipron.haditheaudacity'to 'sug gest .that it wns a fine, brai-ing after noon, -1 and ' wouldn't the gent like to ?liavclthe box'seat.'?1-' 'Tlie box s^eat ! in a wiivd' ifit . to', 'cut' yoiir, nose onvpyer, those awf ill moors'! The gent declined, and shivered; nnd gasped, and gasped and siii'vei'ed, over 'some eighteen' dread ful miles; wheivat some horrible village inn on the road, acheery voice, which I recognised as my brother-in-law's, sang outjtQitho guard,- .:..'.? ? ? :. 'Hi;;J[em! have you got Mr.- Broiid wood,'*6i; London; on board?' ,\ And' five'nimute8 later the weary traveller] (never was designation more appropriate) ,, was. transferred to an open ,trap;iarid, bowling along merrily (that fis, las morrily ns tne circumstances permitted) towards the. Grange. ' Com mon Sense-had been coming to her own again considerably 'during the last part ptmyj journey, but the con«ciousness of Hearing the ond now - gave me the advantage of her: and when, after a short but rapid drive, the wheols of the dogcart scrunched upon tho gravel, and the door was flung open, and I found myself in a cheery, well- lighted hall, with a happy mob' of nephews . and nieces hem-ing down upon me in all directions, I vlucked up courage and took her by the throat. , ' Who Bays iVi a fool- for., coming now, Miss Common' Sense ?' And she hadn't: a word to say for herself.' : I pass over the kisBfls arid the hugs and the hand-shakings, which seemed as if they would never come to an end. They are part and parcel of the merry Christmas time;' and he who has en joyed them Bot at some of his halting places oh the journey of life has either any. They come, however, to an end at last, and we gather in a circle round the fire in thebig old -fashioned drawing room. The dear old lady occupies her accustomed seat, a higfcbacked oaken chair by the chjmney comer, with1 one hand resting lovingly on the shoulder oi£ tho grumpy, frumpy, Belfisb old world ling who is ' Umale John ' to all the rest, but will always be ' Dear Jack' to ner, and who, in thie conscioasness thai) his presence has brought t&at; happy light 'into the dear old eyes, feels quite ashamed of his.,pasS waverings; and vows in his heart that he would travel twice the distance, in weather thrice as rough, to bring up that look again. And sister IVSary, blithe and bonny, happy in her good-tempered husband, happy in her three stalwart boys^ — Dick, Tom, and Harry — andSher two fair daughters — Mabel and Effie; Mabel the living image of what her mother was in our cbildiah days ; and Effie,. my own particular pet, who haa already talben up her wonted- position on a hassock at godpapa's knee. And cousin' Eafce, with a silver line here and;: there streaking her dark bsown hair;'. but with' the same sneet smile as of old, the same- merry twinkle of the eye, even the fair sofi! complexion scarcely marred by time; In the centre of the semi circle sits- genial ' Tom Brownr himself. It ib generally understood that he was christened- Thomas, and he signs his letters' accordingly ; but no one within the memory of man has ever been known to call him. otherwise than ' Tom.' Nothing delights him more than- to get a good large circle of relations (if poor relations so much the better) round him! at Christmas. ' The more the merrier 'is- his stock proverb ; and at this moment his bald head gleams in the firelight,. and his grey eyes twinkle, his whole faoe- beaming with the intensity of his enjoyment. Two or three more distant relatives and their children make up-the party. There is an animated discussion as to whether a certain large box^. which Uncle John has brought down with him, and which, from past experience, is conceived to contain a selection; o£ something for everybody, shall be opened at once or the next morning. In consideration of the lateness of the- hour, the higher powers decide for the morning; and then, as the next beat satisfaction,- the young people proceed; to pump Uncle John as to its various contents. I keep my secrets as long, as I possibly can, but they are being gradually wormed from me (my niece Mabel is a perfect Ser jeant Ballantine in petticoats as to any thing you don't, want her to know), when suddenly Harry exclaims, ' O mother, what do you thinfc — -I quite forgot to tell you before ! Do you know the Grange is-hnunted ?' I saw a- quick glance pass between iny sister and her , husband,, and then she quietly replied,. , . ' Surely, Harry, you are:too sensible to believe such rubbish as that! 'Who has been telling you such nonsense ?' ' But it isn't nonsense, mamma. Mrs. Hibbs says everybody knows it. And so does Doidge.' (These, as I afterwards learned, were the cook and gardener of the. proprietor nf fcllA flrnnno nnA \\\nt\ licton toWti 'nira-n by my brother-in-law during his tempo rary tenancy.) . ?: i .- . ' Mrs. Hibbs ought to be ashamed of herself to talk such- rubbish,' said my brother-in-law, ' and so ought Doidge. But come, what is ib they do say? Let us know the worst.1' ' 'Well, papa, Mrs.. Hibbs says that years and years ago, before she was born, there was a murder committed in this house. At least, it wasn't a murder, becauseithe man' hanged himself to the window curtains.'. And a.' lady walks about in her nightgown with, lier hair down,, and sings to herself; and if you hear her, you don't have any luck for seven years and a day.' 'There is no getting off the odd day, I suppose?' said Tom. 'Mrs. Hibbs and old Doidge ought to be put in the stocks together;, for telling you such rubbish. In the first .place, as you know quite welL, there is no such thing as a ghost, and if there were, it's quite clear that if a man had over hanged himself in this, house (which I don't believe), and ii he had a ghost, I doubt still more, his ghost wouldn't be a lady,, not to mention the extreme improba bility of auy ghost, lady or- otherwise, walkings about iii a nightgown, in. .such cold weather as we are having at present. ? If the ghost came out in a ; good- warm ulster, or a fur cape and muff, it would; Bound much more .feasible^'; But. a. nightgown! -It gives me the '.shivers' even to ? think of it. So -I1 'hope we shall hear no more o.f such) rubbish., You know all the Cornish people are a' very superstitious race, and^th'ey pass on these ridiculous old stories from one to another'j uihtit they begin ' W .'believe there is. really some truth in them.' ,',.*? 'But, papa,' saidMabel, with wido of«)n eyes, ' Effie and I really- did ^hear somebody sirigirig^^OT'we'wait'^b'e'd'' last night.' 'Nonsense, Mabel! you must have, been' dreaming.' ' ' No, papa, we were not' dreaming, because we had only just got into' bed, and Effie and I both heard, it ; bufe we did riot take much notice, becausoi wo thought it was only the waitB, or.'oarols, or somebody like that, outside. And presently we went to, sleep. But we shouldn't ,havo liked it if we had thought it was a ghost.' . . * ' We did hear it, papa,' said Effio. | It was a very quiet sound, but we heard it quite plain. . It was like somebody hushing ' a baby to Bleep. Oh, I do hop'o it won't come again to-night. I should be .so frightened.' ' Nonsense, .you silly children !' said her mother. ' I have no doubt your firat , idea was quite right. The carol singers are about, and I daresay you heard some of them singing as they went home. And nov.' we won't talk any more about such nonst™6- Light your candles, all you young people, and be off to bed; You are ever BO much . ' later than you ought to be, already, but Uncle John's arrival haa made ns dissipated.' ' Motheris right,' said my brothe*'--in-» law. ' ?' Boys to bed and dogs to door/' as they say down here, . Grandmammtf' ? ; will go too, being one of the young;1', '? ones. 'We old people shall follow very' quickly.: And not a word more about' ghosts or goblins, or I shall he extremely angry.' As Tom Brown's idea of exemplary corporal chastisement consisted in gently flicking the offender with a Bilk . poeketbftndkcrehief, his anger was not? greatly dreaded ; but he got a very fair share of obedience notwithstanding ; and the young people, headed by the dear oM lady, said good night, and dis persed without any further alluaibn* to the forbidden subjeet. i 'Conf-bund that shattering old mans and woaaan !' said my brother-in-law,, as soon: as tire door was closed. ''I rsmembes tohavcheterd years ago, how I think- of it,; that some kind of super stction was attached to this particular*' . house, but I never-' gavo it a second; thought. If- it makes the children' nervous it -will' completely spoil our;' holiday.' ' Of course1 there's- nothing in it,' I remarked; ''but itra- unfortunate thatr |Mabel and Ede's story should happen ;to fit bo well wifch'the legend. How do you aceount for their statement, by ,the ?way ? It couldn't have been prompted jby the ghost story,. for;. if I understand ?right, they hadn?t then heard it. And ;they don't seem to have- felt any alarm r-at the time.- Of course there is some ? perfectly natural explanation, but what ieit?' 'Don't you think Miary's suggestion about the carol singers may be the true explanation?.' said Mrs.. Eoraine. :_ ' Between. ourselvesj I. am pretty sure it-isn'tj.though'I took- good care not to say so,' ' replied my brother-in-law. ' I happen to know that the carol singers wore singing: last niglifr in an entirely opposite direction.' . ? : ' Could it have been any of the ser- ? Yants singing?.' I inquired. _ 'No,. that' is equally oui?of the ques tion. Yesterday the servants had had a rather tiring, day, and they went to bed a good hour before-we did. And, moreover,' their- rooms- are all in the other wing, of the house, far away from the room where Mabel and Effie sleep, which.i8: the further room in the left wing. No,, my own idea- is that they must have heard some belated passer-by going-.along the lane at the side of the house,, and singing to keep himself company. That's the whole mystery, you may depend upon it, and I hope and believe we shall hear no more of the matter:'' But in- this we were fated to be dis appointed, for even as Tom- spoke the door was- flung suddenly open, and two little white figures, with hair down, and in a state of wild excitement, dropped like bombshells in dunmidst. ' O papa !: O uncle!: we have heard it again !!' ? : ??? i (y'b ihe Continued.) 