gitarfttw. OUT OF^EDEfif. A NOVEL. By DORA. RUSSELL, Author of' ate Vicar's Governess/' 'Footprints in the Snow,' ?? Croesus's Widow,' &c.; Chapter H.— The New Agent. Half an hour later Lady Blunt stood gazing silently on that mystery, of which the wisest man and the grief-stricken rustic have but equal knowledge. She was alone, looking on the familiar face in its new form. Instead of the smiling — perhaps somewhat shifty smiling— look of old here was the dignity, the sanctity of death. He had been a handsome man this John Chester, who had had courage to face an un known future, rather than a shamed and dis honored life. There was no grey in the bright brown hair, and few lines on the clear «Mn which now looked so pure and cold and changed to Lady Blunt, who stood looking at him haggard and pale, with a sort of fear — a sort of dread in her heart, of the man who bnt hut night she had scorned and trampled on. He had the upper hand now — she was afraid of him— this dead man lying there in his calm repose ! She did not touch him, but she knelt down and murmured a few words. 'I will do what you wish, John,' she said. 'I will take your girls, and do my best for them— I promise, solemnly promise, to do my best' Thus she made a covenant with the dead ; a binding covenant to her, for she was a a woman of few words, bnt faithful and true to these words, and though she knew (for she was shrewd) that this promise would bring her but trouble and care, still it was a sort of relief to her in her bitter silent grief to make it. She would do it for his sake. She had been cruel to him, she had killed him, and whatever he had asked her to do in his last letter she would have done. He had asked two thing — that she would spare his memory and take charge of his motherless girls. And these two things she was about to do. To spare his memory— kneeling there and making her solemn promiee to John Chester, she remembered her son. Young Harry Blunt had been the first to warn his mother, now two years ago, that she had better look a little more closely after her agenfs dealings. Kneeling there, then, facing the dead man, Lady Blunt remembered the lad's careless words, and remembered also that in a few weeks now her son would be of age, though by her late husband's will he did not inherit either her property or the fortune Sir Harry Blunt had been left by his distant kinsman ontil after her death, Sir Harry Blunt had indeed left a remarkable will, considering the bad terma on which he had lived with his wife. He had left almost everything to her, charging the estate only during her life-time with two annuities. Oae of these annuities was to his son and hers— Harry Blunt. He was left five hundred a year only during his mother's life, any further allowance depending on her will and discre tion ; and there was also another strange be quest which Lady Blunt thought of at this moment, and which brought a sort of flush even then to her pale and haggard face. This bequest was also an annuity of five hundred a year, and was left to » certain Robert Fletcher, coupled with a request, or rather a command, that at the deatn of Mr. Chester that Robert Fletcher was to be appointed agent to the estates in his stead. Lady Blunt knew of this Robert Fletcher, and at one time had hated his very name. He was known to be the illegitimate son of the late Sir Harry Blunt, and people said that Sir Harry had loved Fletcher's low-born mother better thin his high-born wife. In her early married days maay-tongued scandal had whispered the sad story of this Mary Fletcher to Lady Blunt's indignant ears. She had been a country maiden, born on the Cumbrian hills, and she had listended to hand some Harry Blunt's winning tongue, even as Lady Blunt herself had listened, and refused to believe all tales against her lover until it was too late. Then she had fled from her father's roof, and hidden her shame amid the star and noise of London. But it killed the old Cumbrian yoe* man, and her father's death haunted Mary Fletcher like a spectre. The story was that she died of a broken heart, but her wasting sorrow was probably not caused only by her father's melancholy end. Sir Harry Blunt was miserably poor in these days, and he could ill afford to support Mary and her tiro young children. But whether she died from grief, or from some bodily ailment, Sir Harry married the only daughter and heiress of Sir Wilfred Sykes in less than two months after her death, and brought his bride home to Weirmere Hall, where from the green hill on which it stood you could see in the blue hazy distance the homestead with its honey suckled porch, from which Sir Harry had tempted the hapless country maid. Lady Blunfs first quarrel with her husband was about Mary Fletcher. Bitter words were spoken daring this quarrel, words that rankled in Lady Blunfs proud and passionate beart, and the married pair drifted asunder into a moat unhappy man and wife. Sir Harry disliked his plain, sharp-tongued Dorothy, with apparently most unmitigated dislike, but for years. Lady Blunt clung (as women will} to a love that had brought bat pain and Borrow to her. But at last even this love passed away, and when death made a final separation between them, Lady Blunt was glad to be tree. In the meanwhile Sir Harry had not for* gotten nor neglected Mary Fletcher's chil dren. The boy, Robert, had been well edu cated and well cared for, and was with his father in London during the last daya-of Sir Harry's life. Sir Harry also, as we have seen, had provided in his will for his illegiti mate son, and the Cambrian farm, which had been bis mother's early home, had descended to Robert Fletcher after his grandfather's death, as the old farmer had willed it to his daughter's son. Robert Fletcher was living at thiB farm with his only sister Mary at the time of Mr. Chester's sudden death. Lady Blunt knew her husband's children by sight. A tall comely pair were these Fletchers, and Lady Blunt would turn away her head and sigh when her eyes fell on the brother and sister, for she sometimes met them in the churchyard after service and sometimes on the lonely kills round Weirmere. But she had never spoken to them. She knew well, and hid often thought of that clause in her husband's will, which appointed Robert Fletcher agent to her estates after Mr. Chester's death, And it was of this clause she was thinking now as she knelt there by her dead friend'* side. She had just promised to spare his memory— now could she do this ifRobert Fletcher's searching eyes were to go over all poor John Chester's '^Itoor John!' sighed Lady Blunt, still looking half-tenderly, halffearfdUy at the calm dead face. How often she and John had talked of this Bobert Fletcher! Chester knew Robert Fletcher well. He had been thrown into business connections with him satoralfr about tbe late SirHarrj1* win, and Mr. Chester hid Uked the stately, good looking young man, who lived in the cottage -by the lake-side with his handsome sister, and who held himself aloof alike from the gentry and the yeomen around. But sometimes Robert Fletcher went to Westwood House, and in a moment Lady Blunt, still kneeling there, and fct»injring how she could best save the memory of her friend, in a moment she remembered that lately a rumor had reached her ears that this Robert Fletcher admired Florence Chester, the second daughter of the dead man. ' If this Be tone,' thought Lady Blunt, and she rose from her knees. She would send for Robert Fletcher at once; she would sound him, and do her best at all events for her old friend and his children. But she paused again before she left John Chester's solemn presence— paused, and now put one of her own cold hands on the yet colder ones that lay so meekly crossed on the broad still breast. 'Good-bye, John,' she whispered huskily, 'when my time com* and I see you again you will know I have done my best.' She said no more ; she dried her tears ; she straightened her disordered dress; she pre pared to meet the little -world around her, that no doubt would be curious to learn how she carried herself in the first hours after she had heard the news of Mr. Chester's death ; and then after one long hut look she left the room and went into the dining room and summoned Dr. Humphrey to her presence. The moment the doctor entered he saw that she had made op her mind to do something that was of more importance to her than the indulgence of her bitter grief. She had the dignity of determined resolve in her manner when she spoke to the doctor. ' I have sent for you, doctor,' she said, qnite calmly, 'to ask, in the first place, how are tbe poor fatherless girls (here her voice faltered slightly) upstairs ?' 'Not much to speak of, my lady,' answered the grave-faced doctor, casting down his eyes, 'it's a bad business— bad for every one worse for the two poor, homeless girls.' ?' Not homeless, doctor,' said Lady Blunt, ouickly and sharply. ' I mean to offer them a hoa:e at the Hall. I mean to do this to mark my— respect for' (again her voice faltered) 'fot-my old and faithful friend, and I shall provide for them in my will. John Chester's daughter's shall know no want,' The doctor was touched. He looked at Lady Blunt, standing there so bravely, de fending the character of the dead, &3 it were, by her acts, and his eyes grew softened as he looked. He knew more, or at least guessed more, than she thought. There had been serious rumors about John Chester's affairs now for many a day, and it was supposed that he had often backed up his failing credit out of Lady Blunf a well-filled puree. Then from the grief -stricken girls the doctor had heard the story of their father's last ride to Lady Blunt'a ; how he had started well and happy and returned gloomy, desperate, nerved to commit his fatal act. With such an outline it was not difficult to fill in the sad details. Dr. Humphrey had mentally done this already, and half the country-side had also done it, and so the doctor was touched when he heard Lady Blunt's words, and knew how loyally ehe meant to act to her old friend's memory. 'lam very, very glad indeed to hear it, my lady,' was all he said, for he was a man not given to make fine speeches, but as he said the simple words he looked with honest ad miration and regard in Lady Blunt's pale and gloomy face. 'Will you tell them what I have said?' continued Lady Blunt a moment later. ' Tell them that I will come after— after all— the tad arrangements are over, and that I hope they will both return with me then, and make my home theirs. And doctor, there is another thing — you ate an old friend — will you see that everything is done rightly ; they are but girls, they will not understand, but will you see that nothing is spared ; let no expense be spared, and I of course will defray everything. 1 wish this to be so doctor— he— he was— my old and faithful friend, and I wish every possible respect to be paid to him now.' '* I will see to it my lady,' answered the doctor. He was thinking at that moment of the painful enquiry which must necessarily be held in this case of sudden death, and of the nature of the evidence he would be then called upon to give. But Lady Blunt seemed luckily to have forgotten all this, 'and it's very well she has,' thought the doctor. 'I have taken upon myself to order your carriage, Lady Blunt,'' said the doctor the next minute, 'and I see ifs here.' For a moment Lady Blunt looked sur prised, for she was a woman who did not like arrangements made for her, or her own in terfered with, bat after thinking for a second she teemed to understand the doctor's motives. ' I thank you/' she said, ' I will go now,' and so she went from the grief-stricken house hold, and was driven home in the bright sun shine. But the day did not pass without her mak ing a, new effort to save John Chester's memory. As the sun was sinking over the green hillB and dales round Weirmere, Lady .blunt dispatched an especial messenger with a letter addressed to the man whom her late husband had appointed to succeed John Chester in bis offices. This men, Robert Fletcher, was rowing his sister at that moment on the still waters of the lake. Amid the shadows from the hills, and the silence around, these two were sitting in their boat almost silent ; Mary Fletcher bending over the boat and letting her brown, shapely hand float on the water. She was a beautiful woman this nameless girl, who blushed when the country folk -spoke to her of her dead mother, and to whom her father bad left neither name nor fortune. Sir Harry bad provided for his son, but not for his daughter, who was two years younger than her brother. But on his deathbed Sir Harry had charged Robert Fletcher to look after his sister, and to give her a home until she married. This Robert Fletcher had gladly done. They indeed loved each other these two with a very strong affection. They were alone in the world, as it were, and they clung to each other in their self-sought isolation. For Mary refused to associate with any one in the neighborhood and lived in the cottage by the hike side with no companions but her brother and her books. Yet she was go beautiful that many a sub stantial youog farmer would gladly have for gotten her mother's shame. She was tall and stately, with a complexion so pure and fair that wherever she turned her beauty was re marked upon. But she had overheard whispers that had burnt into her heart, and she hated to go among people who pointed her out sb ' poor Mary Fletchers daughter.' She would often wonder why her brother lived here, and why he did not take her away to other countries and among other people. But she guessed the reason. Robert went very often now to Westwood House, and something told Mary — that strange in stinct that women have — that Florence Chester was dearer to Robert than all others now. Mary acknowledged this to herself with a bitter sigh. She could not fill his life, nor be to him what she used to be. He was kinder than ever, affectionate and considerate, bnt she knew he was not thinking of her as he eat there in the boat, with the darkening evening shadows falling on his face. He was thinking of the grief -stricken girl at West wood House, for they had heard of the morn ing's tragedy, very shortly after it occurred, and twice Robert had gone up to Westwood to enquire after Bessie and Florence Chester. At laBt Robert spoke ; spoke on the sub ject of which his thoughts were full. 'I wonder what they will do ?' he said. 'You mean the girls?' answered Mary. 'Oh, probably live on at Westwood for the present atleast Lady Blunt is not likely to turn them out.' 'I don't know,' said Robert musingly. He was thinking of the strange rumors about Mr. Chester's affairs ; thinking that perhaps some bitter revelations might now reach Lady Blunfs ears, and steel her heart against the daughters of her old friend. 'What could be his motive for such an act?' asked Mary. ' It must have been a powerful one, an swered Robert Fletcher gravely, ' for he was a man who apparently loved life and life's good things- and yet you see he preferred to leave it rather than face—' 'Rather than face what?' said Mary, as Robert paused. 'Can you guess?' Robert was silent. Perhaps he did guess, but if so he did not care to speak of it to his sister. 'Was he rich?' asked Mary presently, and Robert shook his head. v y- 'They say not,' he said, and then he began rowing slowly to the shore. Aa they neared it they recognised Appleby, Lady Blunt's butler, apparently waiting for them to land. 'That's the butler at the Hall, isn't it?' said Robert. ' I think so,' answered Mary. ' He seems waiting for us. What can he want ?' Appleby was waiting for them, and as the boat reached the shore he touched his hat, and went forward to meet them. 'Excuse me, sir,' he said, addressing Robert, 'but I have been to the cottage to seek jon, and they told me you were on the lake, so I took the liberty of waiting for you, as my lady cent me down with a letter, and she especially wishes to see you to-night' ' What can she want ?' said MaryFletcher, sharply and coldly. ' I fancy, miss, it's about this sad affair of Mr. Chester,' answered Appleby. 'Bat here is my lady's letter, sir— will you read it?' And he held out a letter to Robert. Robert took the letter and read it. It con tained only a few words, 'Sir' (be read), 'can you conveniently ccme op to the Hall this evening, as I wish to see you on some business connected with my late husband's will. I remain, sir, Yours truly, ?'Dobotht Beomt.' Robert Fletcher smiled after he had glanced over the brief lines, and handed the note to fab sister, whose freaottfal complexion flushed deeply as she read them. Then she slid her hand through her brothers'a arm, and whispered— 'Don't go,' she said, 'have nothing to do with her, Robert ; your lawyer is the proper person to see after her late husband's wilL' 'My dear.' answered Robert kindly, and he patted his sister's hand, 'dont be a foolish girl. The old lady won't eat me, she can't do me any harm— yes, Molly, I will go.' Mary Fletcher said nothing more; she dropped her brother's arm ; she turned away her shapely head, but Robert saw she was deeply moved, and he followed her and laid his band on her shoulder. 'Don't be vexed, Molly,' he said, 'but I must go. I partly gneiss what Lady Blunt wants with me, and besides I may be of some use to the Cheaters. ' 'Ob, in Chat case, of course go.' said Mary ; but she said 'of course go' in a tone that meant to express he had better stay where he was. Bnt he did go. He walked along the lake side with Appleby, while Mary retired to the cottage ; and he heard all the dismal details from Appleby's lips, which the batter had learned in the morning from 'young Thirl well, the doctor1* lad,' as Appleby designated him. 'They say the poor young ladies are nigh out of their minds,' continues Appleby ; 'it was Miss Florence that found him first, and ehe was his favorite, poor man. It's a bad thing for them, poor young ladies, for from what I hear I fear they will be but badly left' Robert Fletcher did not speak, but a feeling of deep tenderness swelled in his heart, and he resolved at that moment to do anything that lay in his power to comfort and protect the fatherless girls. He little guessed that Lady Blunt had already offered them a home ; little guessed that Lady Blunt's pur pose in sending for him was also connected with these girls. ' If he cares for Florence, for her sake and his own, he will spare her father's memory,' Lady Blunt had told herself a hundred times during the day; and bo restless had she become tLat she could not wait another day to find out the truth. She would see this Robert Fletcher at once, she said, and so she sent for him, and sat waiting fcr him with a strange, dull, nervous pain in her heart When he entered her presence, for a moment she could not look at him. The blood rushed to her face, and her hands trembled, and it was Robert who spoke first. 'You sent for me, Lady Blunt?' he said. What made her start and look so quickly at him when she heard his voice ? It sounded like an echo of the past to her. He spoke like bis father, and these few words of Robert's carried Lady Blunt's memory back to the dajs when ehe had loved her husband, aud been jealous of his looks and words. 'Yes,'' she said, 'I — I — wish to say a few words to you.' '*I am quite ready to listen to them, Lidy Blunt,' answered Robert with a smile. Again she half started ; again looked quickly in Robert's face, who also was steadily regarding bis father's wife. He stood there calm, stately, and smiling, while Lady Bluat fidgeted nervously beneath his gaze. He was a good-looking young man, tall aud straight, 'handsomer than his father ever wa?,' thought Lady Blunt, again glancing at Robert's face, and seeing a likeness which was yet no likeness, wondering where the subtle difference lay. A physiognomist would have toll her in the expression of the eyes. Robert Fletcher's eyes were remarkable chiefly for a certain smiling, pleasant look ia them, which rarely was absent The late Sir Harry's eyes were not smiling ones ; he used to smile with his lips when his eyes were hard and cold. ' I wish to speak to you,' said Lady Blunt, a moment later, 'about this— this miserable affair.' 'You mean Mr. Chester's death?' said Robert, in a low tone. ' Yes,' answered Lady Blunt visibly agi tated, ' you know of it, of course— know tae sad circumstances ?' ' I have heard them.' ' It is dreadful— too dreadful to think of— and there are other things, Mr. Fletcher,' continued Lady Blunt, rising, ' my husbaud, tbe late Sir Henry Blunt, left a strange clause in his will— a clause that relates to you.' Robert bowed but did not speak, as Lady Blunt moved agitatedly about the room. 'In this clause,' went on Lady Blunt, 'he requested me in the event of Mr. Cheater's death, to appoint you— that ia if you will accept the position — agent to the estate?. This ia why i have sent for you,' Again Robert bowed. ' There will be many things to see after, to look into,' proceeded Lady Blunt. 'Mr. Chester, my old friend, has passed away in the prime of life, when he might reasonably have reckoned on many years of life, bub for the fatal disorder that must have attacked his over-wxought brain, and in a moment im pelled him to— to the miserable end.' ' It is a terrible thing,' said Robert. 'Acd bis affairs— our affaiis,' continued Lady Blunt, ' must necessarily be entangled —he was not himself of late— and I wish some one on whom I can thoroughly depend to arrange all this. You k&ew; him well, did you not, Mr. Fletcher?' ' Yes, very well,' answered Robert sadly. 'And his daughters— his fatherless and motherless girls— yon know them well, too, Mr. Fletcher, you have an interest in them?' 'A deep, a most sincere interest,' said Robert, and in a moment the brown, lower part of his face, and the white upper part, which his cap protected from the sun, and between which there was a distinct line of color ; in a moment a crimson flush passed ovtr the white forehead and the brown cheeks, and Lady Blunt saw this and drew her own conclusions. 'I can trust you, I am sure,' she said. 'Will you accept the appointment, Mr. Fletcher ? Poor Mr. Chester had a salary of seven hundred a year, I offer the same ; and by-and-bye the house— to you.' 'I thank you, Lady Blunt,' said Robert after a moment's thought 'Yes, I accept the position ; the house I do not need — our cottage by the lake side will do very well.' 'For the present,' said Lady Blunt, with something stealing over her face that she intended for a smile. But it was but a wan and wintry smile at best. ' For the present,' sbe repeated ; 'but by-and-bye you will want a larger house— you will marry.' ' There is plenty of time for that,'' said Robert with a smile also, and again the crimson glow dyed his face and brow. And so the affair was settled. Robert Fletcher was to take the place so suddenly vacated by Mr. Chester, and as he left the room Lady Blunt felt that her dead friend's memory was safe in his hands. 'He loves this girl,' she thought, 'please God he will marry her, and one of them at least will be well provided for.' And Robert Fletcher was also thinking of Florence Chester, as he left Weirmere Hall. It was a beautiful night now, starlit, with a half moon shining down on the green hills and dales, and on the broad placid waters of Weirmere. And as he went on Robert Fletcher looked up at the luminous sky with a strange solemn feeling of awe and thankful ness. He could take this poor grief -stricken child now and shelter her on his breast, he was thinking. The salary Lady Blunt had offered him, and his own small fortune, made this possible without disturbing Mary in her home. And but for Mary's sake Robert would have already asked Florence Chester to be his wife. But now, now, he thought— and again he looked up at tbe wondrous sight which dwarfs all others to tbe thoughtful star-gazer, filliDg us with so deep a sense of our own Bmallneis and a knowledge of a greatness that we cannot see. And in the young man's heart human love grew tenderer as he walked on beneath the starlit sky. This was true love, made deeper and more overpowering by the unhappy cir cum&tances; that surround its object When the had been with her father in her happy home, Robert had held aloof. Now fatherless, perhaps homeless (tor Lady Blunt had not confided her intentions to Robert regarding her old friend's dughters now— he could at least offer her shelter and love. And led by the passionate emotion of his heart, Robert turned almost unconsciously from the path by the hike that led to his home, aud went up the valley of Weirmere, at the head of which stood Westwocd House. He knew not why he went He did not hope to see her, or even to hear of her, but she was there. This was enough, and pre sently he stood where he could see through the dark trees the lighted windows of the house, and pictured to himself the weeping daughters, and the dead father lying therein his solemn state. But suddenly Robert's half -sad, half -tender thoughts were strangely interrupted. Alone the path, out of the semi-darkness, something nuhed by him so swiftly it might have been an arrow shot from a bow. And as this flying creature passed Robert it uttered some thing between a shriek cf terror and an ex clamation. 'What is the matter? Who Is it?' cried Robert, turning sharply round. As Robert spoke the crouching, terrified figure that had just passed him stopped. 'Fletcher! is that sou?' it asked, still in accents of terror. Then Robert thought he recognised the voice. ' What is the matter?' he asked again, and he advanced a few steps ; advanced until he came up to Mr. Tniriwell, the doctor's assis tant, who certainly was standing erect by this time, but who was white, and actually trembling with fear. ?'fiat anything happened?' said Robert, laying bis hands on the young man's shaking arm. 'Why, Thiriwell, what is the matter with roar Then Thiriwell drew oat his handkercftfef, and wiped his damp brow. 'Fve— Pro had an awful— well— fright,' he faltered out. 'Come away, Fletcher,' ^and he clutched Robert's arm. 'Come away, man, let us go together, for as sure as Fm alive the old boy there' (and his voice sank into a whisper} 'is up out of his coffin, and walking in his grave-clothes in the garden.' 'Rubbish, nonsense,' said Robert, 'What do you mean ? It's tbe moonlight on the trees of course.' _ 'No, it isn't,' said young Thiriwell posi tively, still wiping his brow. ' I ain't afraid —at least, not very— but I won't go near that place again except in broad daylight Old Humphrey sent me up to look after the girls, you know ; and there, sure as fate— when— when I opened the garden gate, there was old Chester. Yes, Fletcher, he's standing there wringing his hands, and I dare not— at least, of course, I dare— but I won't go near the place again for a hundred pounds !' ' I will, then,' said Robert. ' What non sense it is, Thiriwell.' And Robert turned and began walking towards the house, fol lowed at a prudent distance by the still shaking young doctor. When Robert reached the gateway he opened it gently, and as he stood considering what was best to do something white truly stirred and passed up a retired walk in the garden, and Robert caught a glimpse of this wbite figure through the bowfiry branches of the trees. He moved to another point where he could have a better view of this walk, and his heart throbbed violently as he did so. From this point he saw the white robed figure in the moonlight quite plainly. It moved up and down, and wrung its hands. A feeling of awe and dread crept over Robert, yet he looked at it steadily. Again the figure moved, and now Robert saw it was a woman, saw it was Florence Chester — and yet stood still, afraid to intrude on this silent terrible grief. Up and down the walk, up and down she went, wringing her bands, and yet she made no moan. Robert could see from where he stood her white face, and the strange, wild gleam in her eyes. She looked almost mad, wrapped in a white dressing-gown, and with her long hair disordered and unbound. At laBt Robert could bear it no longer. He made a step forward, and spoke to her by her name. 'Miss Florence,' he said, 'excuse me— forgive me speakiDg to you— but— but I can not bear to see your grief.' She started when she first heard his voice, and then, as he went near to her, she spoke, looking at him with the same piteous, wild look in her eyes. 'You have heard, then?' she said. 'You know he is dead- Lady Blunt killed him.' 'Oh, no, no, dear Florence, no,' said Robert, and he took her cold hand. ' Yes, but it is so,' answered the girl eagerly, 'he was well and happy last night, and she sent for him, and when he came back he bad death in his face. I heard him all the Dight wandering up and down— and then I fell asleep, and in the morning- It woke me ! it woke me !' And the unfortunate girl gave a cry and wrung her hands ia her overpower ing grief. In vain Robert tried to comfort her. O ver and over she told the same sad story. The noise of the fatal shot had roused her from her restless sleep, and she had gone into his room and found her dying father. 'He never spoke a word,' she said, 'only locked and looked— and then he died— and that bad and wicked woman killed him.' She repeated this again and again. ' Lady Blunt killed him,' and Robert found it was useless to argue with her on the subject. He tried to get her into the house, and while he was doing this young Thiriwell, the doctor's assistant, who had crept after Robert with trembling steps, and stood shaking at the garden-gate, having now reassured himself that it was not Mr. Chester's ghost that was in the garden talking to Robert, but his daughter appeared on the scene and advanced, assuming a professional attitude. 'We can't have this, Miss Florence,' he said. 'We really can't The doctor sent me up to see after you ; what would he say if he heard you were out wandering in the moonlight ? You really must go in.' Florence made no reply, but she went into the house, and the young doctor laid a de taining hand on Robert Fletchers arm. 'I eay, Fletcher,' he said, 'didn't I get a start I thought the old boy was up out of his coffin again, and taking a stroll over the familiar scenes. But that girl should have someone with her— someone to control her, for there's something wrong here,' and he significantly touched his forehead. 'She ought to have a lady with her. I suppose S our sister would not come ?' Mr. Thiriwell made this proposition quite coolly, for he had now got over his fright, and he was not bashful, and for a moment Robert felt and looked surprised ; then after consider ing for a second he recognised the good sense of Mr. Thirlwell's idea, ' I will ask her,' he said, 'if you will stay here till I come back.' 'Well, you're cool— an ice is nothing to you,' replied Thiriwell, who did not yet quite relish the idea of remaining at West wood. 'But if you're quick — — ' 'I'll be very quick,' said Robert, and he hurried away, leaving Mr. Thiriwell still feeling a little nervous. But Robert kept hie word, and as quickly as he could walk he went down the path by the lake side, and as he neared their cottage he saw Mary standing watching for him in the moonlight (To be continued.) 