i ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ; ? (Bt The Ghost.) ; Tho Legislative Council has during the week -been : diligently at work, and sitting-; unusually lato for that august body — until'' Kalf-past ten o'clock — disposed of a number of bills of rriore or less importance. The principal measures dealt with were the Legal iProfessibris Amalgamation Bill, the Land Bill, and tho Mining on Private Jt-roporty am. ? ? xne nrst on tnq list waB shelved for the. ? session, ' and the young limbs of the law belonging to 'the inferior branch'- will still for -.some time' have to possess tKeiv souls in peace before being, entitled to the privilege of 'a seat' when addressing a judge' m Chambers, and a wig, resembling nothing in Heaven or earth .or -.the waters under the earth,' when engaged in forensic warfare on behalf of their clients. ? Tho ? Land1 Bill,- having passed its crucial stages, has been debated in committee, and in all 'probability will 'be' returned to' the Assembly with ono- or two important' and several unimportant amend ments during next week. The Mining on Private Property Bill: Has been sent ' to the. place from j which it came ?' ? with an' amendment substituting.' eleven' for the ' fourteen ' years during which existing ^agreements between landowners and miners-are to 'remain in force, originally, proposed by the Council, arid ' seven ' aa substituted by the Assembly, and there is every chanco of' the compromise being accepted, and the honour of haying at last passed a measure, after twenty-five failures by hiB various predecessors, devolving upon tho present ' Minister, 'Mr. ' J. P. Levien. The Assembly has during the seven hourB per diem bnJ the threb days a week devoted to the service of, the state been exclusively occupied with the Railways Constitution Bill. It is not too much to say that the proceedings were 'farcical.' Indeed,the peo ple's representatives themselves appeared1 to treat tho measure as a huge joke, and, when it became apparent that Mr. Sorvice hod really 'put his foot down' and there was no possibility of forming any combin ations for , engineering additional bills through the House, gave unrestricted opurse to their -exuberant animal spirits. The lord of .'misrule reigned supreme. As each, member in turn rose in hiB place to propose the particular railway iis constituents desired, only' to. find his' proposition greeted with a chorus of 'noes,' peals of Homeric laughter rang through the chamber. The solemn priggishness of Mr. James, the inane chattering of Mr. M'Coll, and the musical yoioe ' of Mr. Mackay, were all unable to check the hilarity of honourable gentlemen. Only once did the Government look' grave. Mi1.' D. M. Dayies proposed a, line from Ballarat to Buninyong, and carried^ the proposition against the Ministry. The victory is, nowever, likely to'prbve a barren one. The country to be traversod is of a most difficult nature, and would, although tho distance between the two points to be connected is only seven miles,, involve a very largo outlay. The Council will , most certainly veto tho pro position/ But the episode is nevertheless a significant one. It may, indeed, bo termed ' another nail in the Government coffin,' and' betokens that there are periods in ;their : history when majorities become; tired of being 'Bervile.' ? Contrary to general, expectation, the Railway . Bill {was not passed through its finalstage. This will, however, bo accom plishedlon 'Wednesday or Thursday next, and as the .estimates have been dealt with, there will then be nothing to prevent the Government from carrying out their inten tion of proroguing Parliament on tho 13th of Deceinbor, and going into tho peaceable haven of a six months' recess. The legis lation on ' social', subjects, which formed an important item in the Ministerial pro gramme,, submitted in the Governor's speech when inaugurating the session, will be postponed until a more convenient season., If local option, the cure of larri kinism, and the changes in the tariff recom-j merided'by the Commission were dealt with now, there would be no work left for tho Houses when next they meet. Mr. Service is quite aware of .the truth of tho adage that a certain dark personage, whose name is unmentionable in polite society, ' finds work for idle hands to do,' and- has no de-' sire to allow his ? followers to have their labours; directed' by any one but himself;' . : ; Finding it impossible to defeat the! tactics of the opponents of the Scots Churoh ^Severance Bill, the promoters. of tho measure have decided on withdrawing the .bill. The return of Mr. Strong has caused the '?? question to assume quite another aspect, and the object sought by his friends ? can now, it is asserted, bo at tained without the intervention of either the ?'? Law Courts to Parliament. '? ? But' beforo the question is settlod there will be some warm work in tho Melbourne Pres bytery and the Gonerol Assembly. 1 In some parts of Africa the serpent is an object of adoration. ' In Siam people worship the' '?? elephant.' The : ancient Egyptians paid divine honours to the bull, and the '''Brahmin :' has -from- time ;? im memorial reverenced .the cow; ' In Mel bourne at the present moment *the horso is the divinity of 'the i hour.' The talk of every one is of the Cup ouppy. The streets are' crowded' with- strangers, ? and : -the steamers arriving -from .New Zealand, Adelaide, Brisbane, and Sydney are daily adding -their1 quota1- to. the; throng that assembles on tho oeeaaionof the Victorian racing Saturnalia. Given fine 'weather, and it may be safely, predicted that the number of people gathered on the Plbm ingtoncourso on' Tuesday next will bo far larger than it has been at any former time. And of the vast concourse of peeplo, how many will bo lucky enough, to 'spot tho winner?' ? ? . , The second grand Billet ' Lottery, held 1 under the auspices of the Railway Depart ment, is to take place, next week. The tickets issued to applicants number 1731 ; tho appointments , of carriage cleaners, porters, pointsmen, and boilermakerg,1 are 172.; According, therefore, to Cooker— and Mr. Mirams— the chances aro as nearly as ?can be ten to ono against each applicant. Here is a fine field open for an enterprising bookmaker. If every applicant would accept : nine to ono ' about his chance, he would ' hedge ' hiB disappointment, and give the books an opportunity of getting round. MV. -Tflflonll Thnmncrm flin T.nTrinfVinM f\t the ring, has just returned from a trip to the old country. ' Possibly when he is' aware of the now opening for his peculiar 'talent, ho may avail himself ,;? of its mani fest advantages. jThe managers of: the Melbourne theatres, or at : least Messrs., Musgrbve, Garnor, and Rignold, are likely to 'come to grief,' vin consequonbe of the intense do sire shown by them, during an interview -with the Chiof Secretary, to preserve .the pure morals of tho Melbourne public from tho contaminating influence of the trustees of tho Jubilee Exhibition about to be 'opened. These delicately minded gentle men, whe never, never, never, have placed '. Ug pieces' on the stage, are afraid that Mossrs. L. L. Smith, Zox, and tho trustees of the Exhibition Building are about to introduce in tho pretty theatre they have erected in tho Carlton ' Crystal Palace,' ' naughty' drainoa, and ' to '? allow : 'naughty' people, to congregate to see them. Unfortunately for themselves, they made their fears public on' the occasion of a deputation, and backed up their case by a series of libellous statements. several of the gontlemon' whoso names;: were prominently brought forward, with the result that an appeal to tho law'Courts will be made, in default of the receipt of an ample public apology from the offenders. That gentlemen who for years have winked at the existence of the vjstibulo and tho 'saddling paddock' should take upon themselves the office of conservators, of , public morality is somewhat of an anomaly. But then, is there really no possibility of Satan reproving sin ? .,-?:-,? Thp age of toadyism has not yet passod,^ and there are yet plenty, of, types of the' official flunkey immortalised as ' Jenkins.' On ^Tuesday tho Police Magistrate (Mr.'- Gall) sentenced two men to fines of forty' shillings and costs for applying to tho Governor's orderly the epithet of 'Joker.' The official De la Pluohe has not, how ever, been mado happy by any recognition in high places for his groat1 respect for vice-regal authority. Indeed the fact that , the Governor has remitted tho fino is rather a snub for tho officious justice. Queonscliff was on Tuesday last the locale. of a love match. The Ven. Dr. Bromby,' whose years surpass by five the three score and ten allotted to man in this ' vale of uuwra, iuu lu luu h,uul- a urcue oi ' sweet seventeen.' Six months ago the reverend gentleman lost his first wife, to whom he had been wedded for upwards of fifty years, having entered the ' holy state' in 1833\. What better tribute could have been offered to tho late partner of his joys and sorrows '{ That a man' who for fifty years has been held in the bonds of matrimony should so soon after their loosening be ready to have them re-tied is surely the highest compliment he could pay to the departed wife. ' ' . The odium thcologicum which pervades the Melbourne Daily Telegraph since' the recent change in its proprietary has again caused that eminently respectable, but somewhat slow and prosy, journal to got into trouble. The enormous wickedness of the New Guinea explorer sent out from the Age office, and who treated the Papuans to bullets instead of Bibles, was expatiated upon at length in the columns of tho Daily Telegraph, and the explorers were roundly accused of having murdered a considerable, number of: innocent natives. Two of the riiember3 of .the expedition have accordingly served the offending publication with notice of action for libel, and claim J220OO a piece as a solatium for their wounded honour.The account of the proceedings , of the Age expedition forwarded to the Telegraph is generally believed to; have been sent in order to hoax its reverend 'consulting editor.' ! Sandhurst has, in the way of practical ; charity, set a good example to tho rest of .the colony. While a lot of well- meaning people have been arguing! about the best means of bringing the ' gutter children' arid the State schoolmaster face to face, ' Quartzopplis' has solved the question. The' waifs and strays are collected, washed, and clothed. Those who then are certified as attending school receive a hot dinner after the completion of their morning's studies. ' No school, no dinner.' That is the simple rule. The. plan, works admir ably. Hunger is a powerful stimulant to exertion. The little ones soon got to know that ' school' means ?' dinner,' and how ever loath they may be to have their heads filled with knowledge, gladly submit to the process as a preliminary to having their stomachs filled with food. Sensible Sand hurst people ! your hearts are evidently as golden1 as your quartz— and ' not half- so lard. ? ; '? ' ? .No;changes have to be noted in the pro-\ grammes of the various theatres, and none;1 will tako ? place during the , ' Cup ; week.' The attractions of the Jubilee Exhibition, where ',' amateur,' theatrical performances are to take place, aTe 'likely/ however, to adversely .influence; ; the number of the audiences at the other ' legitimate' places of public amusement. Hence tho tears of Messrs. Rignold, Garner, and Musgrovo I Nov. 2. , - ??-? 