BYDATAPIIfiHT. CHAPTEE Vin.— (CoimiNVED). 'You truly believe lie has murdered Joseph Hagopian ?' ' I am as sure of it as that I hare Joseph Hago pian's ring on my hand. I proved it to you before. Now that we have the ring, we must be ?at of all this as soon as we may. We are safe from Joseph, anyhow. He will neither hide him self from us nor pursue/ Does Madame/ asked Sergius, entering1, * de sire to eee the young girl who works for Madatne before she goes ? . . . And Joseph Hagopian has called to see Madame.' Arsenieft', forgetting his dignity, started for ward and clasped his hands. * Good God, Ilona !' he cried, * what is to be done now ? He is not dead — he has come here !' Ilona for a moment was startled. She frowned heavily, as she motioned SergiuB away. 'Not dead — then it is worse than I feared ! If he did not know where that opal is to be found, then he would not be here. Is this a trap — is it Eoland who has used my hand to save his own ? . . . I dare not hide it, even. Joseph Hagopian isnaot the man to ask me, ' Have you my opal, Madame ?' — and to be satisfied -with a 'So, Monsieur/ Joseph Hagopian knows the best jewel-hunter in Europe a little too well for all that, indeed. Joseph Hagopian comes with the arm of the law; the law has given him the power to search, and his eyes will fina. He would see a diamond at the bottom of a mine. Oh, if he had been dead, if he had come to-morrow instead of to-day J No ; Mr. Fanshaw is not a great man, after all. He is a coward, Nicholas — like you.' Her eyes drank in the light of the jewel upon her hand. It was indeed too precious to lose — so newly won, after more trouble and toil than honest men and women ever dream of. taking about anything in the world. No wonder she could not bear to let it go. ' Then — then all is lost, Ilona,5 said Nicholas, frantically pacing up and down the room. ' If we save ourselves, we lose the stone. No, there is nothing to be done. . . . 'Wait ! I have heard that sometimes diamonds hav« been swallowed, to bring up again after. Try, Ilona, if it will go down ; he will never look for it there. I would do it myself, only. . . . Quick, Ilona, swallow; here he comes !' * Do not be imbecile, Nicholas/ said the lady, thoughtfully, and feeling the smoothness of the opal with her cheek, tenderly. Don't you know a girl's step from a man's. Did you not hear Sergius say that some work-girl wanted to see me ? It is she/ I have never been able to get rid of the notion that there was something really exceptional about Joseph Hagopian. Of course it is easy to say that he was a collector and dealer in precious stones, of a somewhat striking manner and ap pearance, who, like a sensible and prudent trades man in a difficult and dangerous line of business, took extraordinary precautions to keep his wares safe from people like the Arsenieffs, who were always more or less upon his traces. But that by no means wholly accounts for the scare caused by his approach to this particular pair of adven turers, to such an extent that at least one of them had lost the wits that were his entire stock in-trade. If there were raally nothing unnatural in 'it, it must be because the wits of any rogue must be by nature few. What wits remained were in the brain of Ilona. It was necessary at all hazards to keep the opal from being traced or found either by Joseph or Eoland, and yet so to secure it that, while it should be at once outside the house, it should be recoverable, for purposes of instant night, on any day and at any hour. 'My child,' she said to the girl, in her sweetest and most winning tones, * I want you to do me a trifling favour, if you will. Julie, my maid, tells me that you axe a good, lionet fc girl, who live at home with a sick father. The Prince and I are leaving London quite ?unexpectedly in a few hours, and of course we must pay all our accounts before we go. Unfortunately, being taken by surprise, we cannot pay you now. No, child, don't be alarmed. We will Call and pay you on our way to the train. But you must not qo home and tell papa that Prince Arseiiieff and Countess lienska are going away like that; he will Bay they are running away and will never call with the money, if he is a wise papa. Please keep this ring as a pledge that I come. If — who knows what may happen ? — the hurry should prevent me coming at ali, the ring, though but of small value, will cover the amount of your bilL You see, Nicholas;, we can easily call on our way to the train, if we have time ; and in any case this girl'B mind will be at ease. Though we depart in trouble ourselves/ she said, looking up to the ceiling with a smile of lofty resignation, ? we will leave no suffering hearts behind. Above all, we will not forget the poor/ 'But, Madame, I would, trust you; indeed, there is no need ? ' * I- know what is right, Mademoiselle/ said Ilona, drawing off the ring. ' I am a woman of business ; to be that is my whim. I shall call, I hope, with the money, in a few hoars. If not before to- morrow you will be safe, though I shall b'e gone. So, mi revoir, Mademoiselle.' It was not easy to disobey Countess Lenska, especially in what she chose to call her whims. ' Is not that well done, Nicholas V asked ehe. * Joseph may search the whole house, and all London now ; he w ill not think of looking for his opal on a grisette's finger, of whom he never heard. And she will no more think that I have pledged & stone of value for a few shillings than anybody else would. The child is simple enough, I am at ease there. And then to-nif-ht we reclaim our capture and are ^one. . . . Sergius, is the young woman gone ?' * Yes, Madame/ ' And Mr. Fanshaw ?' ' Yes, Madame/ ' Then admit Joseph Hagopian.' * * # * ._ # But meanwhile Eoland had been left to himself eo long that, under other circumstances, he might well have thought himself forgotten. That, how ever, was impossible. Whatever had not been said, there was an understanding, as clear as day, that the beautiful countess had bound herself to him by the sign of the ring, and that he had won, not only wealth and th« most profitable sort of fame, but something that might be called love also, in a strict unsentimental sense of the termj Sentiment, between a man like Eoland and A woman like Hona, Was certainly not required. There would be passion enough without g Hding it by needless arcadian fancies, such as naed to please boys and girls. For a long time past Ro land's pulses (I prefer not to eay his heart) had burned with passion for Hona. He had won her. And yet the only sensation he felt, even in the moment of triumph; was a certain coldnesB and nakedness about the little finger of \ai left hand. Draw off, for a minute, any accustomed ring of your own, and you will know precisely what Eo land Fanshaw felt, and all that he felt, when first Hona became bis own. He had never removed the ring since that day on which he h*d last Been Helen and had first seen Ilona, so that the positive sensation was easily to be accounted for. The strange part of the matter was. that neither in heart, mind, or body did he feel anything more. It was as if that left hand little finger were the only self conscious part about him. But, in a moment more, he started, held out hie hands before him as if keeping off some monetron* -presence, and exclaimed : * What am I — what have I done ?' He was conscious of a great deal now. As if pursued by murderers seeking his life, he almost ran out of the house into the open air. It seemed strange to him that he was not followed ; a,nd yet what creatures, save those born of his own. imagination, should pursue p He was certainly no coward by nature, and yet he -was behaving like an abject coward, fleeing when no man pur- { sued. - j There. ib no use In thinking about what he f«lt within him or around him. To think about a thing one mast know what the thing it, and that' neither he nor #ny hupuvq -eing could hayetold. What he did is all that can be fenowa. Fora good two hoars he walked Tight on, not heeding whither. It most have been from himself that he was flying, joafc at murderers have tried to fly. from themselves, at onee «o rapid and restleea was the flight, and ap -ram. J3uttbe life he had of late Mian Iir'M'g bad sot condnoed to bodily steeng)Hv- aal-4o«nrMit ^rearinw Mi In. H* found himself miles away to the north beyond what even yet can be called London. He was no less hungry and more thirsty than when, with six thousand pounds on his person, he had found himself unable to find f ooct Now, instead of re turning to the luxuries he had lertTiehind: him, he contented himself with the bread and ale of the nearest tavern, in the character of an eccen tric pedestrian who chose to tramp the country roads in clothes fit for the Bow. Then, more slowly, and with eyes bent downwards towards the dust at his feet, he turned towards home. * Home !' he thought, with a sort of scorn. * Where am I going ? Only to one place, if I am still so much as the ghost of a man/ Then, after a moment's hesitation, he strode on, a little more firmly than before. ? In spite of his long wandering, it was not late when he reached the door of the house where Gustave Benouf lived with his daughter. Bo land's heart did not beat as he climbed the steep Btairs slowly. It is before, not after, the jury's ' guilty ' that the criminal's heart is alive enough to beat; after, it turns cold and dies. But in such death it may grow strong. Roland entered the room. It mipht have been yesterday, except that there were no flowers. There sat Helen at work and, as usual, alone. That was fortunate, for else he might have found the saying of what he had to say doubly hard. But no ; it was not like yesterday, for ehe did not come to his arms. Nor did he hold them open. He did not even see whether she started to see him, for he dared not raise his eyes. ' Helen,' he eaid at last, ' Helen, do not speak fco me, do not look at me ; only hear what I have to say. It is soon told, and it is due to you that you should know why you may not give me a word, a look, a thought, save of scorn, from this time forth for ever/ She did not rise or attempt to speak. Why 3hould he have hoped otherwise P He thrust such hope away, and forced himself to say on. ' I desired to become rich and great for your aake ; I have become rich for the devil's and my Own. How shall I tell you ? Well, there is only one way. I will tell you the story of a — scoun- drel. I won't even hint that I had become reck less, desperate, mad — 'mad' is the very last name that any who know me would call me ! Madmen shut themselves up with their books, and, penniless themselves, ask penniless girls to be their wives. That is not what- 1 have done ; t have been the sanest of the sane. I began my — rise — by cheating a cheat out of six thousand pounds-; but those six thousand pounds have been cheated before my eves, and with my know ledge, from my own old f*riend and schoolfellow — a poor young fellow, who had made them hardly and honestly — and had just come home from the atlier side of the world to make his old parents and the girl who loved him happy. I did not rer fcarn them to him and say, Be warned. By fraud I won them and by fraud I kept them ; while he, ruined and ashamed, went back to the place whence he had come. . . . God knows what has become of him now. So much for my beginning. I made an alliance with my fellow cheat, and used the money of poor Prank Staadi6h and the lock some devil had lent me to the ruin of others — of all who came in my way. I flew at higher j game — but I need not go into what you would not understand. But — oh, Helen, that I should have lived to say it — I have been false to you. j . . . I will not say I have never been false in my j heart, my real self ; it would sound like a lie. From that day to this I have been at another - woman's feet, her slave, hoping to make her mine —of a woman whom I now hate as much as I love — no; I won't say that. I am not fit even to dream a£ your name. Now you know me, Helen. There is nothing left me but to go, to repay poor Frank and the rest I have wronged, and then — there is anly one comfort. You will not break your heart for such as I, You will be happy, for you have aeverdone wrong/ * You are rich ! You are great !' cried Helen, rising and coming near. ' Then it is all true ! But— what in Heav«n'd name does it matter how ?' .4 ****** It was Helen's voice ; they were Helen's eyes. But the words ! They were Ilona' s, or else those of some fiend disguised as H«len. He was not mad now ; he was not in a dream, nor was she, unless the whole world is mad together. It was as if those whom we take for angels are truly demons, and as if all that we hold to be true, good, and pure is a lie. Eoland fell back stricken, not with &m;&%e, bnt with horror. ' I once fait just as you do now/ said Helen calmly. ' I believed in goodness and poverty and work and everything el6e of that kind. Well, you have Wen right and I have been wrong. What good has come of being honest and hard working and poor $ Why, it could not even keep us together ! If you had not taken your friend's money, somebody else would have had it you may be sure ; it is only like my father and the domi noes, only in a larger way. And the same with all those other people. If anybody is to become richer, somebody must be poorer, mustn't they ? And if you are lucky, somebody must be unlucky; it is only the dominoes all over again. I am sorry if you have learned to like anybody better than ine ; but, of course, it would have been folly for you to have burdened yourself with a poor girl. I can guess who it is ; it is Countess Lenska. I saw you with her to-day, and I saw her after wards in her own house. Well, if you can win countesses, perhaps I can win princes, Eoland. When you started, you were no richer than I. We will see who will be the richer in the end. Come ; have courage ! After all, why should we not forgive and forget and start again ? I am not so poor as I seem/ . She was even justifying his wrong doing and his falsehood to himself — arguing, with the voice of reason, his conscience down. He had con demned himself, and that was terrible enough ,- but now a nameless horror held him dumb. It may be that the sight of Helen, as he had passed her in the carriage that day, had dissi pated his illusions and recalled him to his truer and better self, humbling him with remorse until it had become repentance ; it may bo, that she, having been driven to lose all faith in her lover; had lost faith in all goedness and honour besides. And se should I hold and believe without doubt, had not Eoland's eyes' been caught at that mo ment by an evil flame glowing on Helen's hand — the opal ring that he had parted with that day, and that vrsa now worn by her. CHAPTEB IX, TO UUfff. Not till Eoland had reached the old house in dourland^street did he remember that he had for saken that dingy neighbourhood long ago. Since the ring had left his iiager ho had fallen back into the old lines of feeling, as' well as of thought, so that old habits re-asserted themsalve*. In deed, until he had peached the door of his old room/he did not realise that he had fio manner of right or business there. Bat he had not the heart to face the public streets agftia. When fee had fled that day along the country roads, he vat carrying- only bis Own conscience ' on his baek. Now he would have to bear Helen's, and he felt that, if he carried it out under the world's eyes, it would become a visible burden. It was awn ing, and how could he let the stars «ee that one of them had fallen ? Besides, it was needful that he, before he settled the rest of his affairs, and followed in the foot steps of Frank Standish to the other side o! the world, should see Ids former neighbour, the wan dering jeweller — should the latter have yet re turned — and explain how and when the lost *pal had come into his hands. The finding of it seemed but yesterday, though It had bee* many months ago. Ha longed to abaae himtelf before some human creature, if only by way of penance for Helen. For himself he now cared little. The fall of an angel throws into insignificance the fall of a man. The notice had been removed from the door, -which was unfastened. Bnt he was' disappointed in ftnding -bla former 'neighbour within. It Aeflined, at he entered the well-reinembered zoom, thatall the paifc had been bnt ft ahadpirj and that' fcfr was etjll MeAani, the ittideat, com* to snatch in talk «. hall-hoar'.* rest between. Jbis «vemag and his midnight labours. At any rate, in this dark room, he could wait 'and think-— not over what he had to do at once, for there icas no question about that, when fee was rich iemragb. to redeem much of the wrong -lie had done to all save to Helen—-, bnt over Helen herself, who,, with the .possession of the ring, appeared to. have become possessed with-thevpfadtwbieb. had«purred him into vrxons;. Bo*th«mar«h* thod«bt »nd tkousbt, th»4«. he could bring his mind to bear. It all seemed so impossible that into Helen's heart should have entered one thought of wrong. It was bo much more hideous in a woman than in a man — so much more terrible in Helen than in all women and in all men. How long he sat there in the dead silence and in the half -darkness he hardly knew. He reached no result, beyond the certainty that all these things were real and in no wise a dream. First reparation so far as it -plight ever be made, then despair, not merely of himself, but of the worki. Thus life reached out before him. Even as Helen had felt, when she first knew him faithless, so now felt he. At last he heard a step upon the stair, and ** hand upon the door. ' Monsieur Hagopian/ asked a voice that made him tremble, ' are you disengaged ?* Could he not be safe from Helen's voice, from her presence, even here ? And what could she want with JoBeph Hagopian p ' Oh, it is you !' said she, coming into the room. * So you also have dealings with this Hagopian ? All the better ; you will help me from being taken in. But what a strange place, how dark and gloomy ! And you look so cold, and so grave — you make me afraid.' He could not help observing — indeed, he had observed it even when he had been with her before on that day — that, though her voice re mained her own, she had acquired a choice of words and a turn of phrase that he had thought peculiar to Hona. Her speech had once been simplicity itself — now it seemed as if Hona were speaking with the .yoice of Helen. Thus, though the voice made a thousand memories quiver, the words were hateful to his very bouL ' It is not of me/ he said, ' that you need be afraid/ * There is nothing else that I fear ! But why did you run away from me so soon ? Did you think she would be jealous — that countess. You will think twice of her when you know why I am here. You are one of us, so I may speak plainly, and get the benefit of all you know/ ' One of you ?' * Yes — people who mean to be rich, whoever else may be poor. Well^ since you are so rich, I mean to forgive and forget, and be friends. And it will be worth your while, too. A lady — never mind who — has left me & ring in pledge for a debt, never mind why. The who and the why will keep very well. Only, I know more of its worth than she thinks : a certain acquaintance of mine and my poor father's, who is in her service, and who keeps no secrets from me, and who has better eyes and ears than his mistress fancies, has told me things that make it worth my while not to wait until the pledge is redeemed. So, knowing no other jeweller, and having heard yon speak of Joseph Hagopian as knowing something of such things, I came here/ ' Was it,' asked Eoland, forcing himself to believe it was Helenas voice he heard, * the ring I saw on your finger to-day ? And why do you tell me this? Dd you not know that I am made aghast at the thought of what I have made my life — and — do not name Hona to me. She, at least, belongs wholly to the past ; she, at least, is nothing to me. I can at leaat forget her/ ' You have broken with her, then ! If I was not sure of it, from the mood you were in when you came back to me ! Well, if it was this opal you were after, you have done well. Yes, Eoland, she is the lady of this ring. It belongs to her, or rather, aid belong to her, for now it belongs to me/ ' That ring is yours ? ' ' Of course. Given to me, as I told you, for a debt and unredeemed. It is my own. But I want money at present; not rings. They can come after, and I would rather have diamonds than opals any day. Is this friend of yours a man who will give as much as half the value, do you think ? Or shall I go elsewhere ? Are you any judge of stones P If I am right in what I think I shall not be without a dowry. You had better not halt between me and the Countess too long. She will be gone to-night, and I to-morrow ; and a princess — perhaps in time a queen — who knows ?' Roland had Iteard tales of people who, when delirious with fever, talk of thing* of which they could never have heard in language which had never come to their ears, and mostly of evil things in evil words, and the more evil in pro portion to the patient's purity and innocence of heart and bouI. The shudder of the bystanders at such moral discord must have resembled, in some slight degree, what Eoland felt at hearing Helen speak thus, *nly in this case both h» and she were sane. 'Perhaps I am a judge of jewels/ he said, * Let me see that ring of yours. Give me your hand/ To touch her, though he dreaded it, was almost needful. Though he knew he was not dreaming, reason demanded some crucial test that it was not a dream. She held out her left hand with a smile — Ilona' s smile. There glowed the opal, just as when he had picked it up from the mire. How well he had learned to know every change of light in it since then. It was certainly the most beautiful as well as one of the most precious of gems. . But he had never felt how evil waB the glow of the spark of flame that seemed to serve it for life and soul as now he felt it to be. Indeed, in some sense it was literally a root of evil, considering the pas sion of covetousness that it seemed to have aroused. But it was not in such a sense that Eo land, now brought face to face with its effect upon Helen, understood its lurid gleam. 'So this stone is yours?' said he. 'With it came the first evil thoughts to me. It left my finger for a few hours of daylight, and I was my self again. I restored it, and I became what I became. And now, Helen, unless I am blind to all that has come to pasSj with that opal my sin has gone into you* heart out of mine, ! 1 don't care what common tense may say. Everything may be explained, except that you are what I have been. Helen, ba yourself ? forget what hat taken the place of flowers in your heart; you are not like ma ; the wrong vou dream has not yet been done. 1 will eeme back to yen* W* trill be as po«* together as we were, md better than we- than 1, have ever been/ She looked at him in blank surprise. * You would hav« me cast away the stone that first made your fortune* i£ all be true that you say, and is now going to make mine? Is this some plot, some trick P I do not understand.' Yet something she must have understood; for she sifhe* deeply. 'No/ she went on sadly, ' I have chose* the life I am to lead. I* -will he brilliant, lik* youra. Wo must live out lives. I canmot go back to th« did. Don't yon know my heart was breaking f How co«ld I live 6n like that — on, and on, and on?' 'You will not go back*' h» asked. 'You, will let this devil's plaything lead you lntp,sln ?' * If you call it sin — yes ; I 'aiusfc and 1 will/ 80 possessed was. Eoland with the passion of feeling abeut the ring thathedrew.it roughly from her finger, and ground the opal to pieces under his heeL * This ohali not lead you I' he cried. He felt as if he were trampling into dust all that signified wrong both in himself and in her. And, in each o. crus&de;, a man ntay be pardoned, even though the sign be beyond price in the market, and not even lawfully hla own to trample. * Hi the name of— ^ fortune, -what is this ?' asked the deep voice of Joseph Hagopian himealf ; so long unheard. 'Dust!' eaid Boland, turning round hotly. 'I suppose it was your opal! but, bo far as I can see, it was of no use to yourself, and only a curse to the world.* 'My Opal!' said Joseph, looping, and taking ftp a pinch of the fine white powder, in which not a trace of the fiery life remained.; * The opal of Mttza CaSsim 6f Granada !— The Quintessence of Evil !r— and destroyed !' ' The Quintessence of Evil ' was an outlandish kind of oa-fc; bBVatooe reason forbaddit to.be a description, «;n oath; *rmt Jeast an exclamation, It must haY* be*n. * Xt.iB done, said Eoland. ' I have nothing «lee to say/ .'I sever Lad th# heart to ' destroy It/ 'eafd Joseph. * It vas'a beautiful stone. I thought I could keep it frojAI&e; world, without having ib I destroyed— well ? it would only have been bnried lwi-;h,me, and it wiU^Lp no further harm. . Only, I jehouldhavejikedt(?.«-*e it oneemore. Uo,Mr. Panshaw. There is no blame. You have done I well— !«uid if you have worn it, 90* know why. It was rery evil. - But it was v#ry lovely— I [fhpuldJiJwtoase it,once more. ,'?.., I wjll Bweep iuray tfc« flint ikoagh. Xhatis not Waati i*^s4.»jv ? ? . . .:?????:- 'Helen——' began Eoland, while Joseph, as calmly as if nothing had happened, and with an air of solemn meditation, was carefully brushing away the dost of the opaL Bnt she suddenly buried her face in her hands. The movement went, somehow, to Boland's heart — he stepped towards her, and drew her hands away. * Do not look me in the face !' she cried. ? You were right to leave me — I am ashamed.' But he did not lea^e go her hands. Joseph seemed falling into his old shadowiness, until he became invisible — at least to tbeee two. For their eyes could not help meeting, nor was there any veil between. What had the opal, or Hona's greed for it, or the oianee transfers of it, or Joseph Hagopian's crazes about it, to do with real things ? Each had despaired, and therefore each had sinned. Neither, in the sight of the other's, weakness, could feel shame. Or, if each must, it was such shame as she might best hide, not in her hands, but in his heart, and he in hers. Finis, however, has to be written still. This story must be explained as best it can. For my part, I see nothing inexplicable in it anywhere ; and do not even see that anything would have happened otherwise, had there been no opal in the matter at all. A poor man'B desperation — a lucky man's head turned — & lover's passing in constancy — a girl's broken heart, and its reckless consequence — a return, when their eyes were opened, to love and duty, need little magic to account for them. But this Eoland Fanshaw never could see — it was as in visible to, him as were the Arsenieffs, whom he never saw again. The last person who saw the Prince — out of a French gaol — was Gustave fienouf, who lost half a crown to him at domi noes, at the designer's old haunt, which was by no means the Imperial. The Prince, on that occasion, apparently wanted linen, as well as the half-crown. But the Countess flourishes, and will flourish until she can keep herself young no more. Mrs. Frank Standish saw her once at a theatre during her wedding tour, and wrote an enthusiastic description of her diamonds home to Helen Fanshaw. And — which was really strange — upon her left hand, which Mrs Stan dish saw quite close as the Countess passed to her carriage, she wore the finest opal that ever was seen. Only, it could not have been Muza Cassim's — for that was in dust, as Eoland and Helen knew well. Just possibly, however, there are more jewels of the kind. Not for wealth untold would Helen wear an opal, by night or by day. She became able to buy jewels, but she spends the money in flowers, which, to her husband's eyes, never seem to fade. [The End.] 