LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Thursday, October 30th. Tho president took the chair at 25 minutes too. CROWS' LASDS BILL. The House went into committee on the Crown Lands Bill. On clause 3, dealing with existing occu piers of Crown lands, Mr Camming moved an addition providing that persons in the occupation of land held as a run under a license for pastoral purposes or under a'grazing right, aud grazing 1000 sheep or less thereon, shall bo entitled to a lease of the holding for 14 years. He thought it was most uufair that pastoral tenants— mauy of whom were struggling men—should be dispossessed of their holdings. Colonel Sargood opposed the amendment. The hon. member was seeking to place the pastoral tenants in a different positiou from others, and there was not the ghost of a chance of the amendmeut being accepted. The pastoral tenants had already some advantages, seeing that they, from being on the spot, would have the best chauce of taking up the land. Mr M'Bain supported the ameudment. If it was intended to give the pastoral tenants the iirst consideration, let a provision to that effect be incorporated in the hill instead of leaving the matter to the discretion of the minister. The indebtedness of the colony to some of the old pastoral pioneers could not be over estimated, and* hon. members would surely hesitate before passiug a bill which would bring ruination on many men. Ho read letters from friends of his, bitterly complaining of the proposals in the bill to turn them off their holdings, and asking for consideration. Sir W. J. Clarke thought that the "proposal would be acceptable to tbe Assembly, so long as it was made not to apply to large propri etors, A pastoral tenant whose land was selected would not know what to do with his stock, and the new comer would probably offer him the value of the skins. Mr Coutts regretted that the government was not in a position to-give the pastoral tenants some little consideration. Mr Campbell said there were no doubt hard cases, but the pastoral tenants were aware of the'position in which they stood. To carry the amendment would stop the bill right off. MrYoung could "not go so farasMrCum ming, but would give the pastoral tenants a prior right to one block on their land. Mr Thornley said the proposal meant giving from a million and a quarter to a million and a half of acres over to 250 men. After some further discussion the com mittee passed on to discuss the amendment moved by Mr Williamson iu the same clause to the effect that existing.occupiers of Crown Lands should remain in occupation until the end of 1885. Col. Sargood said the government had considered tbe matter, and thought the equities of the case would be met by allowing six months, which would really mean eight months, and in many instances much longer, seeing that the Burveys could not be com pleted for a considerable time. Further discussion followed, in which it was generally conteudqd that the longer period should be allowed owing to the season being such a bad one. [By Electric Trlegeaph. J Mr Williamson moved an amendment for permitting occupiers" of Crown "Lands to retain their holdings until the end of 18S5. Adopted. Schools of mines and picture galleries were addedU on the. motion' of Mr Gnthbert, to institutions for which land may he reserved. At clause 21 progress was reported. At 10 30 the House adjourned till Wedi nesday week. 