CHAPTER II. THE DESERTED CLAIMS. A few hours later fonnd Leonard Prosser and his companion, the little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's office at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over the fact of that gentleman being still a residant 'of that neighborhood. He had introduced his young master, and given the J.P. a sketch of his doings' during his absence from Australia, and now he was greedily inquiring as to the events of the last twelve years in quiet Marranga. " And so you tell me that a pick has never been struck in them claims since, Mr. Pol lard?" " Not since onr poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the claims had paid well, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady." " I wint, yes," the Irishman said aggress ively ; " but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the best in No. 2, but on account of the place gettin'a bad name—you know that yourself, sir." " Yes, a story of the claim being haunted got abroad, and every shaft was deserted; but as I said before, there was not much tempta tion—no lead was ever found." " I don't know that," obstinately asserted Tady, " I had a fool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right track. An' thin' I got the master's letter callin' me home to look afther Mr. Leonard here." "He means my father," explained the young gentleman. "You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and his jaunt out to the diggings was an escapade of which his friends did not approve." " Well, I'm back again in spite of 'em," said Tady; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Leonard the story—no one knows it better nor your self." "It was'a sad story,"bthe pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wine toward his new Mend, young Leonard; " and a great shock to me personally was the death of my friend, \ Colonel St. Herrick. It is about fifteen years ago now, I think, since he first settled here with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly sifter their arjival at Mar ranga. ... " The colonel had some independent means, and: built the house known yet as St. Her rick's on the ground he purchased ; but when, some years after, ihe gold fefer found its way to Marranga, he was one of the fust who sunk a shaft and found, as he considered, suf ficient indications of the precious metal to induce farther efforts. "For some time, however, he could not succeed in inducing anyone to join hira,thefew residents being occupied in farming, or busi ness of one kind or other, and the place hav ing not yet become known sufficiently to en courage regular diggers. At last, however, the Colonel came to me one day in great spirits with the news that he had employed a man. who had accidentally called in travelling toward.the Murray. "It was some time, however, before St. Herrick told me that he had been previously aiidunf aVorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and whep the facts came out and were made jWblic;there *were many who wondered that my friend would have ventured on such a step as .permitting the man to work as his partner,- as well as "become an inmate of his home.. .. The facta appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St. Herrick, Dan Lyons had been sentenced to ten years penal servitude for shooting with intent at a land bailiff, whom he was obnoxious to, and that the evidence was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herrick was a proof." " It was Dan Lyons, then, who committed the foul dead ? " Leonard questioned. " Undoubtedly, though tbe wretch has es caped and baffled justice. It was Lyons him self that gave the alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? " " Av coorse, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulleo when he kem to No. 2 screechin' that the claim was fell in an' that the Colonel was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that we knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it." "Aye," responded Mr. Pollard, " three ter rible days for the poor widow who would hope to the last, though we all knew that the Colonel must have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be one of the most active workers, but he wasjin reality retarding the search, and he disappeared from the moment that St. Herrick's corpse was seen with a note- book in one stiffened hand and a pencil in the "Other." " The poor fellow had left evidence against his murderer ? " '•Yes. In the few scrawled words written I in darkness and in the oppression of death, 1 he told how Lyons had cut away the props and told him of the revenge he had planned— told him of it .ere he escaped himself, and while the soil was slowly settling down be- j tween him and his victim. There was no more bat a blessing on his wife and his un born babe." " We saw the little girl to-day," Leonard said, and he related what had passed between Besignation and them. " She is a lovely girl," he added, " but looks very delicate." " She has grown up with the very shadow of the grave on her," . Mr. Pollard returned^ " The very name given her was the last that1 should have been chosen, for her mother has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day she will see her husband's mur derer 4>ronght to justice here on the spot where^he died, and the dead father is al most the sole subject of conversation between her and her little girl." ." Where do they live now? " Tady asked.: " In a little house I had built for them after the Colonel's death. On Ins affairs being settled it was found that there was but a few hundreds left; after the house and land was paid off; St. Herricks being put in the market, I bought it myself, and offered to. take Mrs. St. Herrick as a tenant, but she de- = clared it would be impossible to remain where she had been so happy, and where every thing would remind her of her dead husband, so I built the cottage where they now live; it is on the slope above the old place, Tady; you will remember it ? " " Yes, sir, well." "The property has been a loss to me," the good man continued, " for a story of its I being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now, however, I have just secured a tenant whose profession ought to prevent j any suoerstitieus terrors from affecting him." " , -- "What is he?"- . j "By his dress, I should say a member of some religious order, and his mother calls him " Father James." - < " He has a family, then ?" " A mother and sister, and one serving man, as far as I could see. And now about yourselves." You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?" " Wi'the'help o* God. I'm as sure as I sit here that there's lumps of gold in that gully, Mr. Pollard." S Well I hope there may be, for your sake, aml Mr. Leonard's too. Where are you going to put up?" " At the hotel, for the present, Mr. Pol lard," replied Leonard. " I must have a look at these wonderful claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must confess that I don't at all share Tady's cer tainty of a golden claim." "More shame lor you to say it," cried Tady, angrily, as he got np from his seat; " but if you're comin', we have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard." " We had proposed a visit to the claims,"; young Prosser explained. " It is not a long walk, I believe." " About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Pros ser; if you have no objection, I will walk with you. It is years since I saw the place; which has, as you may suppose, sad recollec tions for me." It was a lovely spring afternoon; and as the trio crossed Boban Creek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almost simul taneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire the scene around them. The gliding waters of the creek,-glistening among its fringes of sweet-scented flowering wattle; the stately Mount Boban, heaving up his huge sides, laden-with their wealth of forest, flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams ; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with content sheep and cattle, until lost in the low line of blue hills in the distance—all formed as sweet a landscape as Leonard Prosser had ever gazed upon. "It is lovely," he said, "and so different from what I fancied. My idea of Tady's dig gings was of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this." "In ten minutes you will see something inore like what you expected, Mr. Prosser," observed the J.P. " The gully is even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. The curse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass." Turning to the right they passed the over grown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as " St. Herricks," and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to be a cleft in the hills down which the dry track of a winter torrent, and up the sloping sides of which straggling trees grew, and wild foliage flourished ranfcly. Here and there were broad level spots that had been swept in winters gone by from the green hill sides, and toward one of these level1 places the steps of Mr. Pollard turned.. A spot that looked wMrd enough to' justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where - the grass vainly struggled to hide the sunken lev6l and the-thrown up heaps that denoted the place where tbey had dug to recover the body of a fouUy-murdered Jnaa. -Huge trees^with out one signof leafy verdure onthem stretched their bare, bleak, crooked limbs dyer it as if in warning and guard, and among the scarred, hard soil, where no grass would grow, a few treacherous boles with lichens waving long tendrils down their cavernous depths, denoted where the deserted shafts of the long ago ininerB had been. " Is this at all like, what yon expected, Mr. Leonard?" the gentleman asked, as he paused oa the edge of the sunken level; " It is worse," alinost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. " I scarcely wonder that men would be unwilling to work here, even for gold. What do you say; Tady ? " . " I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change herejsure enough, and they say that a curse will_ always lie where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollsrd? TheyV^ere fine box trees twelve; years ago." ■* "; "There was aibush fire that helped the desolation, I believe, Tady. Can you point out your old claini ? " "For sure, sir. The Colonel's No. 1 was here where the ground's low, and onr's was that one beyant there, where the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to Jthe edge of Tady's old shaft and-looked .down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and threw it down, and as it splashed into hidden water the Irish man shuddered as if' a cold wind had Btruck him. " I think your gold-digging at Marranga will never be resumed, Tady," young Prosser said. " There is water down there, and a flooded claim is no joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on the spot all interest in No. 2, it would seem to me like digging in a grave." " The place of graves has not always been respected, in the search for gold in our new land," observed Mr. Pollard, *« but let us go; I own I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot." " What was I sent here for at all ? " mur mered the Irishman discontentedly. " Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warnins of all sorts, I had to oome back again to the ould place; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold ? " • " Maybe 'twas to meet the priest, Tady," Leonard' said smilingly. " Is this your new tenant approaching, Mr. Pollard ? I should judge so frcm his dress." " Yes, it is he," replied Mr. Pollard, as he paused to speak to the clergyman who was approaching. Father James was a man so strange in form and movement as to draw the eyes of both Leonard and his foster-brother closely upon him -, he was tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priest-like black coat hung so loosely around him as to suggest a decrease in bulk since it had been made for him. Indeed, the face, showing -palely under the broad brim of: the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid—the white, hollow, close shaved cheeks, the great, sunken dark eyes, with the bine circles round them, suggesting a far from perfect state^of health. On meet ing him Tady, with the usual respect o his Sountrymeri for cheir clergy, made hire a respectful reverence, that was acknowledged i by a curt nod as the stranger stopped to speak to his landlord. " A strange looking man and a sickly one, I should say," observed Leonard when they had separated by some steps. " He belongs to some foreign order I think—eh, Tady?" " Aye, sir, the dress is different from bur clergy ? but what eyes he has—they seemed . to lopk right through me, an' I declare it seetns to me as if I'd seem'em before some wW&eJ;'v" C- v. ■ •fiMayhe you did* Tady. There were two j or three continental priests at Corbally col lecting for some charity last summer." " I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost a mass while they were there, an' I seen'em all." : " " I don't think you ever lost a mass if "you could help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel here." " No 1" replied Tady viciously, "it's mostly Protestants that are at Marranga — the hathens; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgettin' you wor one, but you must own that if there were as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't be without a church or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that there is a priest. If he's in orders 'twill be a great comfort to me." They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose . pleasant countenance had a broad smile oh it aB they moved on, Tady falling, as he always did, a little in the rear. " You have heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ?.'V said Leonard. "I don't know-that it was exactly the agreeable nature of what. Father James told me that tickled me, but it was the idea of Paddy's sensations when he hears it. What dtiKyouiljirik the priest told me, Tady ?" " He wouldn't tell you anything bad, any how," the Irishman replied stoutly. " Of course not, but something very unex pected. What do you think he is going to do, Mr. Prosser ? " , " I can't guess." " He is going to open up the old ground we have just been inspecting. He is going over to see it now. He says that he has a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that,'Teddy ? " " ril tell you wliat I think !" cried Connor, triumphantly. "I think that priest or no prieet he won't get No. 2 claim, for I'll go back and peg it out this minnit I By Jove, we can set all the ghosts in the country at defiance now when there's a clergyman in the ground, an'we'H take plinty ov gold back to ould Corbally yet afther all, Mr. Leonard ! " 