MFMORY AS AN INSTRUMENT OF RETRIBUTION. Dante pots into Franceses lips these words — 'There is oo greater sorrosrthao to be mindful of the happy time in misery ;' or, as TtDEjton repeats the same pathutic ex perience : — (' This ifi truth the pcet sings, That a sorrow's crown of Burrow is UeiiierAbering happier thioKS/' Sb&kespeare; always fastened on memory as the chief element in the remorse of his great characters who have greatly sinned, and in the agony of those wbo have greatly suffered. It is zntnicry wbiah breaks the heart of crazed King Lear amid the bowling tempest* It is TDinicrj- which tortures poor, noble Othello. Of Shakespeare's truant murderers it may be said tbat memory lashes them with whips of tct.rpiors. Macbeth writhes before Bsnqio's ghost shaking his grry lorkB at him, Hamlet's uncle faces in terror the offence which had the primal eldest curse upon it, a brother's murder. And when Richard IIL, in his tent before Bosworth battle, is brought to front the ghosts of the murdered princes and the murdered wife, as the panorama of his wicked career, painted in blood, moves before him, his temone-smitten soul cries out : — 'O coward conscience, how thon dost afflict us ! Cold, fearful drops stand on my trembling flash. What? do I fear myself? There is none else by. Is there a murderer here? No. Tea. lam. Xbenfij! What? fly from myself?' Neither Jeremy Taylor nor John Banyan ever preached like that. Let any mas be called to see his own bad past in some hoar of tremendous fear, and he knows somewhat that which Macbeth and Richard knew. The Holy Ghost convlnceth of sin, and how often men whose actions were as good as oars have been brought low by reviewing their own interior lives in the light of the fire of G-sd ! If memory is so potent in this life, shall i s ptwtrbe lost in the next? Tbat its power ia net lost in tbe next is (says the Christian Age) the rrpfarcd teficbirg cf Cbrfct. Ia tbe -te- set jpticn of tbe judgment we are tanght that lbf mind revert* to thin present life and calls up i vents which then »na there occurred. Paul also te&cfcts; that our knowledge in the other life is to be God's knowledge of us no*, without imperfection or obscurity. How often we s»j, ' Well, the thing is past and that is the end of it. It is forgotten and will never be brought to mind again.' Not so. Every idle word shall be brought into judg ment. Every deed of darkness, known only to ourselves, shall be brought into judgment. Every deed of darkness, known only to our selves, shall be brought to light and pro claimed from tbe housetops of memory. Every mearmew and every wickedness, which wi think erased from the record ot things, is kept in ?- book ot remembranee, and that book la our own minds, and it shall all ba lived over again and again. 