;r 'THE EAMILIAR. 1 - ,' BY LE FANU. CHAPTER V. ME. BABTON STATES HIS CASE. ?My dear sir,' said Doctor- — , after a brief pause, 'I fear you have been very un happy, indeed ; 'but I venture to predict that the depression under which you labour will be found to originate in purely physical causes, and that X7ith a change of air, and the aid of a few tonics, jour spirits will return, and the tone of your mind be once more cheerful and tranquil as heretofore. There was, after all, move truth than we are quite will ing to admit in the theories which assigned the undue predominance of any one affection of the snind to the undue action or torpidity of one or ntimr of nm* bodily orcrans. Believe me, that a little attention to diet, exercise, and the other essentials of health, under competent direction, will make you as much yourself as you can 'Doctor'— — ,' said Barton, with something like & shudder, ' I cannot delude myself with auch a hope. I have no hope to cling to but one, and that is, that by some other spiritual agency more potent than that which tortures me, it may be combated, and I delivered. If this may not be, I am lost — now and for ever lost.' ' But, Mr. Barton, you must remember,' urged his companion, ' that others have suffered as you have done, and-— — ' ' No, no, no,' interrupted he, with irritability — 'no, sir, I am not a credulous— far from a superstitious man. I have been, perhaps, too much the reverse— too sceptical, too slow of belief ; but unless I were one whom bo amount of evidence could convince unless I were to con temn the repeated, the perpetual evidence of my own senses, 1 am now— now at last constrained to believe — I have no escape from the conviction — the overwhelming certainty — that I am haunted and dogged, go where I may, by— by a DEMON !' There was a preternatural energy of horror in Barton's face, as, with its damp and death-like lineaments turned towards his companion, he thus delivered himself. ' God help you, my poor friend/ said Dr. ? , much shocked, ' God help you ; for, indeed, you are a sufferer, however your sufferings may have Deen causea. ' Ay, ay, God help me,' echoed Barton, sternly ; * but will He help me— will He help me ?' ' Pray to Him — pray in an humble and trust ing spirit,' said he. 'Pray, pray,' echoed he again!; 'I can't pray — I could as easily move a mountain by an effort of my will. I have not belief enough to pray ; there is something within me that will not pray. You prescribe impossibilities — literal impossi bilities.' ' You will not find it so, if you will but fry,' said ? . ' Try ! I have tried, and the attempt only fills me with confusion : and, sometimes, terror : I have tried in vain, and more than in vain. _ The awful, unutterable idea of eternity and infinity oppresses and maddens my brain whenever my mind approaches tho contemplation of tho Creator . I recoil from the effort scared. 1 tell you, Doctor ? , if 1 am to bo saved, it must bo by other means. Tho idea of an eternal Creator in to mo intolerable — my mind cannot oupport it.' ' Say, then, my dear sir,' urged he, ' cay how you would hvA'o .mo ,'joi'vo you— whnfc you v/oukl learn of me — what I can do or say to relieve you?' ' Listen to me first,' replied Captain Barton, with a subdued air, and an effort to suppress his excitement, ' listen to me while I detail the cir cumstances of the persecution undei'.which my life has become all but intolerable — a persecu tion which has made me fear death and the world beyond the grave as much as I have grown to hate existence.' Barton then proceeded to relate the circum stances which I have already detailed, and then continued : ' This has now become habitual — an accus tomed thing. I do not mean the actual seeing him in the flesh — thank God, that at least is not permitted daily. Thank God, from the ineffable horrors of that visitation I have been mercifully allowed intervals of repose, though none of security ; but from the consciousness that a malignant spirit is following and watching me wherever I go, 1 have never, for a single in stant, a temporary respite. I am pursued with blasphemies, cries of despair, and appalling hatred. I hear those dreadful sounds called after me as I turn the corners of the streets ; they come in the night-time, while I sit in my chamber alone ; they haunt me everywhere, charging me with hideous crimes, and — great God ! — threatening me with coming vengeance and eternal misery. Hush ! do you hear that ?' he cried, with a horrible smile of triumph ; ' there — there, will that convince you ?' The clergyman felt a chill of horror steal over him, while, during the wail of a sudden gust of wind, he heard, or fancied he heard, the half articulate sounds of rage and derision mingling in the sough. ' Well, what do you think of that?' at length Barton cried, drawing a long breath through his teeth. ' I heard the wind,' said Doctor ? . ' What should I think of it— what is there remarkable about it ?' ' The prince of the powers of the air,' muttered Barton, with a shudder. ' Tut, tut ! my dear sir,' said the student, with an effort to reassure himself ; for though it was broad daylight, there was nevertheless some thing disagreeably contagious in the nervous excitement under which his visitor so miserably suffered. ' You must not give way to those wild fancies ; you must resist these impulses of the imagination.' ' Ay, ay ; resist the devil and he will flee from thee,' said Barton, in the same tone ; but how resist him ? ay, there it is— there is the rub. What— what am I to do ? what can I do ?' ' My dear sir, this is fancy,' said the man of folios ; ' you are your own tormentor.' ']No, no, sir — fancy has no part in it,' answered Barton, somewhat sternly. ' Fancy ! was it that made you, as well as me, hear, but this moment, those accents of hell? Eancy, indeed ! No, no.' 4 But you have seen this person frequently,' said the ecclesiastic ; ' why have you not ac costed or secured him ? Is it not a little pre ciptate, to say no more, to assume, as you have done, the existence of preternatural agency ; when, after all, everything may be easily ac countable, if only proper means were taken to sift the matter ?' ' There are circumstances connected with this — this appearance,' said Barton, ' which it is needless to disclose, but which to me are proofs of its horrible nature. I know that the being that follows me is not human — I say I know this ; I could prove it to your own conviction.' He paused for a minute, and then added, ' And as to accosting it, I dare not, 1 could not ; when I see it I am powerless ; I stand in the gaze of death, in the triumphant presence of infernal power and malignity. My strength, and faculties, and memory, all forsake me. O God, I fear, sir, you know not what you 3peak of. Mercy, mercy ; heaven have pity on me !' He leaned his elbow on the table, and passed his hand across his eyes, as if to exclude some image of horror, muttering the last words of the sentence he had just concluded, again and again. 'Doctor ? ,' he said, abruptly raising himself, and looking full upon the clergy man with an imploring eye, ' 1 know you will do for me whatever may be done. You know now fully the circumstances and the nature of. my affliction. I tell you 1 cannot help myself ; I cannot hope to escape ; I am utterly passive. I conjure you, then, to weigh my ease well, and if anything may be done for me by vicarious supplication — by the intercession of the good— or by any aid_ or influence whatsoever, I implore of you, I adjure you in the name of the Moat High, givo me the benefit of that influence — deliver me from the body of this death. Strive for ine, pity me ; I know you will ; you cannot refuse this ; it is the purpose and object of my visit. Send me away with some hope — however little — some faint hope of ultimate deliverance, and I will nerve myself to endure, from hour to hour, the hideous dream into which my existence has been trans formed. Doctor ? assured him that nil he could do was to pray earnestly for him, and that so much he would not fail to do. They parted with a hurried and melancholy valediction. Barton hastened to the carriage that awaited him at the door, drew down the blinds, and drove away, while Doctor ? returned to his cham ber, to ruminate at leisure upon the strange interview which had just interrupted his studies. CHAPTER VI. SEEN AGAIN. It was not to be expected that Captain Barton's changed and eccentric habits should long escape remark and discussion. Various were the theories suggested to account for it. Some attributed the alteration to tho pveonure of secret pecuniary embarrassments ; others to a repugnance to fulfil, an engagement into which ho was presumed to have too precipitately entered ; 'and othors, again, to- tho supposed iaeiinouoy oil mojiUU disonoe, winch Jitter, indeed, was the most plausible, as well as the most generally received, of the hypotheses cir culated in the gossip of the day. From the very commencement of this change, at first no gradual in its advances, Miss Montague had of course bsen aware of it. The intimacy involved in their peculiar relation, ao woll as the near interest which it inspired, afforded, in her case, a like opportunity and motive for the successful exercise of that keen and penetrating observation peculiar to her sex. His visits became at length so interrupted, and his manner, while ihey lasted, so abstracted, strange, and agitated, that Lady L ? ?, after hinting her anxiety and her suspicions more than once, at length distinctly stated her anxiety, and pressed for an explanation. The explanation was given, and although its nature at first relieved the worst solicitudes of the old lady and her niece, yet the circumstances which attended it, and the really dreadful con sequences whioh it obviously indicated, as re garded the spirit?, and indeed the reason of the now wretched man who made the strange de claration, were enough, upon little reflection, to fill their minds with perturbation and alarm. General Montague, the young lady's father, at length arrived. He had himself slightly known Barton, some ten or twelve years pre viously, and being aware of his fortune and connections, was disposed to regard him as an unexceptionable and indeed a most desirable match for his daughter. He laughed at the story of Barton's supernatural visitations, and lost no timo in calling upon his intended son in-law. ' My dear Barton,' he continued, gaily, after a little conversation, ' my sister tells mo that you are a victim to blue devils, ia quite a new and original shane.' Barton changed countenance, and. sighed pro foundedly. ' Come, come ; I protest this will never do/ continued the General ; you are more like a man on his way to the gallows than to the altar. These devils have made quite a saint of you.' Barton made an effort to change the conver sation. ' No, no, it won't do,' said his visitor laugh ing ; ' I am resolved to 3ay what I have to say upon this magnificent mock mystery of yours. You must not be angry, but really it ia too bad to see you, at your time of life, absolutely frightened into good behaviour, like a naughty child by a bugaboo, and as far as I can learn, a very contemptible one. Seriously, I have been a good deal annoyed at what they tell me ; but at the same time thoroughly convinced that there is nothing in the matter that may not be cleared up, with, a little attention and manage ment, within a week at furthest. j ;;' Ah, General, you do not know — ' he began. ' Yes, but I do know quite enough to warrant my confidence,' interrupted the ooldier, 'don't 1 know that all your annoyance proceeds from the occasional appearance of a certain little man in a cap and groat-coat, with a red vest and a bad face, who follows you about, and pops upon you at corners of lanes, and throws you into ague fits ? Now, my dear fellow, I'll make it my business to catch this mischievous little mountebank, and either beat him to a jelly with my own hands, or have him whipped through the town, at the cart's tail, before a month passes.5 ' If you knew what I knew,' said Barton, with a gloomy agitation, 'you would speak very differ ently. Don't imagine that I am so weak as to assume, without proof the most overwhelming, the conclusion to which I have been forced— the proofs are here, locked up here.' Aa he spoke he tapped upon his breast, and with an anxious sigh continued to walk up and down the room. 'Well, well, Barton,' said his visitor, 'I'll wager a rump and a dozen I collar the ghost, and convince even you before many days are over,' He was running on in the same strain when he was suddenly arrested, and not a little shocked, by observing Barton, who had ap proached, the window, stagger slowly back, like one who had received a stunning blow ; his arm extended toward the street — his face and his very lips white as ashes— while he muttered, ' There — by heaven !— there — there !' General Montague started mechanically to his feet, and from the window of the drawing room, saw a figure corresponding, as well as his hurry would permit him to discern, with the description of the person whose appearance so persistently disturbed the repose of his friend. The figure was just turning from the rails of the area upon which it had been leaning, and, snatched his cane and hat, and rushed down tho stairs into the street, in the furious hope of securing the person, and punishing the auda city of the mysterious stranger. He looked round him, but in vain, for any trace of the person he had himself distinctly seen. He ran breathlessly to the nearest corner, expecting to see from tbouce the retiring figure, but no such form was visible. Back and forward, from crossing to crossing, he ran, at fault, and it was not until the curious gaze and laughkig countenances of the passers-by re minded him of the absurdity of his pursuit, that he checked his hurried pace, lowered his walk ing cane from the menacing altitude which he had mechanically given it, adjusted his hat and walked composedly back again, inwardly vexed and flurried. He found Barton pale and trembling in every joint ; they both remained silent, though undpr emotions very different. At last Barton whispered, 'You saw it P' c It — him — some one — you moan — to be sure I did,' replied Montague, testily. ' But where is tho good or tho 3i:mn of sooing him ? The fellow runs like a lamplighter. I wanted to catch him, but he had stolen away before I could reach tho hal!. door. However, it is no great matter ?, next time, I dare nay, I'll do bofctoi1 ; Jincl, og;\cl, i!i 1 cmoo oomo within roiwh of ^ him, I'll introduce his shoulders to the weight of my cane.' Notwithstanding General Montague's under takings and exhortations, however, Barton, con tinued to suffer from the solf-same unexplained cause ; go how, whea, or where ho would, he was still constantly dogged or confronted by the being who had established over him so horrible an influence. Nowhere and at no time was he secure against the odious appearance which haunted him with such diabolical perseverance. His depression, misery, and excitement bo came more settled and alarming every day, and the mental agonies that ceaselessly prayed upon him began at last so sensibly to affect his health, that Lady L— ? and General Monta gue succeeded, without, indeed, much difficulty, in persuading him to try a short tour on the Continent, in the hope that an entire change o£ scene would, at all events, have the effect of breaking through the influences of local associa tion, which the more sceptical of. his friends assumed to be by no means inoperative in suggesting and perpetuating what they con ceived to be a mere form of nervous illusion. General Montague indeed was persuaded that the figure which haunted his intended son-in-law was by no means the creation of his imagination, but, oa the contrary, a substantial form of flesh and blood, animated by a resolution, perhaps with some murderous object in perspective, to watch and follow the unfortunate gentleman. Even this hypothesis was not a very pleasant one ; yet it was plain that if Barton could ever be convinced that there was nothing preter natural in the phenomenon which he had hitherto regarded in that light, the affair would lose all its terrors in his eyes, and wholly cease to exercise upon his health and spirits the baleful influence which it had hitherto done. He therefore reasoned, that if the annoyance were actually es caped by mere locomotion and change of scene, it obviously could not have originated in any supernatural agency. (To he continued.) '? 