A TRUE GHOST STORY. (From Fireside.) In the year - , a gentleman, appar ently of large fortune, took furnished lodgings in a house in Dominick-street. After he had resided there some weeks with his establishment, he lost his brother, who had lited at Rathmines, and who on his deathbed particularly desired to be interred in the family vault at Westland row. The gentleman requested his landlord to permit him to bring the corpse of his brother to his lodgings, and to make arrangements there for the funeral. The landlord without hesitation signified his compliance. The body, dressed in a white shroud, was accordingly brought in a very hand some coffin, and placed in the great diningroom. The funeral was to take place the next day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the neces sary preparations for the solemnity. He stayed out late, but this was no uncommon thing. The landlord and his family, conceiving that they had no occa sion to wait for him, retired to bed as usual, about twelve o'clock. One maid-servant was left up to let him in, and to boil some water, which he had desired might be ready for making tea on his return. The girl was accordingly sit. ting a alalone in the kitchen, when a tall spectre-looking figure entered and clapped itself down in a chair opposite to her. The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex; but she was terri flied beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this unexpected apparition. Utter ing a loud scream, she flew out like an arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of her master and mistress ! Scarcely had she awakened them, and communicated to the whole family some portion of the fright with which she was herself overwhelmed, when the spectre enveloped in a cloud, and with a face of death-like paleness made its appearance, and sat down in a chair in the bedroom without their having observed how it entered ! The worst of all was that this chair stood by the door of the bedchamber, so that not a creature could get away with out passing close to the apparition, which rolled its glaring eyes so frightfully, and so hideously distorted its features, that they could not bear to look at it. The master and mistress crept under the bed clothes, covered with profuse perspiration while the maid servant sank insensible by the side of the bed ! At the same time the whole house seemed to be in an uproar, for though they had covered themselves over head and ears, they could still hear the incessant noise and clatter, which served to increase their terror. At length all became perfectly still in the house. The landlord ventured to raise his head and to steal a glance at the chair by the door, but behold the ghost was gone ! Sober reason began to resume its power. The girl was brought to herself after a good deal of shaking. In a short time they plucked up sufficient courage to quit the bedroom and to commence an exami nation of the house, which they expected to find in great disorder. Nor where their anticipations un founded; Tihe whole house haid been stripped by artful thieves, and the gentle man had decamped without paying for his lodging. It turned out that he was a notorious rogue, who was taken and exe cuted in Dublin afterwards. The supposed corpse was this arch rogue himself, who had whitened his hands and face with chalk, and merely counterfeited death. About midnight ihe quitted the coffin and appeared to the maid in the kitchen. When she flew upstairs he softly fol lowed her, and, seated at the door of the chamber, he acted as a sentinel, so that his industrious accomplices were enabled to plunder the house without the leas molestation. 