Ous OCALE NEws.-The Esiglish Press has shown irritation over 'German annexation in New Guinea, and nosw the German Press is angry at the British flag being hoisted at St Lucia Bay, one of the harbours of Zululand, where a Geriniman had purchased a slice of lanud. This move has recently been the precursorto German annexation, to protect the interests of its subjects, but the war vessel apparently did not follow up the trader close enough. The admission of the foreign Press that the policy of Bismarck is to overthrow Gladstone is significant, but is rather com plimentary to the English Premier. Farther annexation is progressing amongst the Pacific islands, and it appears now that, afraid lest Germany should find it nebes sary to protect German interests in the New Hebrides, France is willing, if England will break the agreement for bidding either power from annexing this group, to relinquish to England the island of Rape. This latter is but a small island, but its value consists in the fact that it possesses a magnificent deep water harbour, and being on the line of route to America, will become especially valuable as a coaling depot or naval station when the Panama Canal becomes an accomplished fact. A British warship was sent some years ago to annex it, but found the French flag had been hoisted a few months previously. SVICE-REGAL.-His Excellency Sir G. C. Strahan, accompanied by the hon. John Wallop, arrived from the capital by the express train yesterday, and was received on the platform by his Worship the Mayor (Mr. Hy. Button). Sir G. C. Strahan and the hon. J. WYallop were driven to the Brisbane Hotel, where they will stay during their visit to the north. In the afternoon they drove to Corra Linn, and in the evening attended the Remenyi concert at the Oddfellows' Hall. His Excellency will probably remain until the end of the week, and during that time will open the Church of England bazaar, to be held at Deloraine on New Year's Day.. He will also attend the Deloraine Races. THE INWARDn ENGLISH MAILS.-The R.M.S. Ballarat, with the English mails, via Brindisi, up to Nov. 28, passed Albany at 8 a.m. yesterday. She should reach Adelaide on Saturday morning, and Hob son's Bay early on Monday morning, and the Tasmanian portion of the mails ought therefore to reach here on Tuesday next. THE MsETROPOLITAN OF AUSTRALIA. Bishop Sandford and the Yen. Archdeacon Hales were present on the wharf yesterday when the s.s. Corinnaarrived from Sydney, their intention being to welcome Bishop Barry, Metropolitan of Australia, to Tas mania. They were, however, doomed to disappointment, for after waiting till every passenger had left the steamer they dis covered - that Bishop-- Barry had not arrived. Shortly afterwards Archdeacon Hales received a note from Bishop Barry, forwarded by the Corinna, stating that though berths had been secured and every preparation made for a start, lie had been unable to leave home in conseqiuence of done of his sons being laid up with typhoid fever. Every one will sympathise with Bishop Barry under the circumstances, and trust that his son may be speedily con valescent, and the trip to Tasmania under taken. Bishop Sandford returned to Hobart by the express train yesterday afternoon. :. LAUNCESTON HOMING PIGEON SocIETY! Lasteveniiing a meeting;of the meinbers of -the Lisunceston Hoining, Pigeon Society was held, when. the: prizes won at the mieeting held'oi -the 27th inst. were pre sented to the : winners'; by:, Aldermian Farrelly. Messrs. R. and A. ConniniAby received a gold medal and £1 2s Gd, and Mr. A. Stuart 15s. The next "fly" will take place from . Campbell: Town on the 24th January, when the sweepstakes will be 3s, and the entrance fee Gd for each bird. Entries close at Bell's mart at 8 p.m. on Friday, 16th :January. A"fly"' will also take place from Oatlands on the first 'day of the Lainceston: rades in February. - - BEAUTY BPOIeT TRAMWAY. - Mi. 1W. Wyett, who `some three years ago laid doWn a-line of light' tramway fronm Beaconsfleld to Bowen's Jetty- which has been a great boon 'to the public-has now carried a branch, starting a short distance from Boweni's, parallel with the river bank to the .new Government Jetty at Beauty Point. As the Beauty Point Jetty is over half a mile from the entrance to Middle Arm, it will probably become the one calling place for river and other steamers, and there fore this extension will afford visitors and travellers the same facilities as were pre viously afforded at Bowen's Jetty. The enterprise of a private individual in thus meeting public requirements deserves the highest commendation, as Mr. Wyett has -not received any Government aid or outside assistance in any way. It is notified that the branch to Beauty Poiint is now com pleted, and that both lines .are open; for traffle from to-day. THE RABBIT DESTRUCTION ACT.-A petition signed by 61 owners and occupiers of properties in the Deloraine district, re presenting in the aggregate 89,540 acres, has been forwarded to the Governor-in Council, expressing regret at the reduction contemplated at the close of the current year in the number of inspectors under the Rabbits Destruction Act. The memorialists point out that the number of rabbits in the districts is already so considerable-no less than 24,000 having been destroyed on one estate last year-that strenuous and unintermittihg efforts for their destruction are necessary, but that several miles of gorse hedges and extensive beds of scrub now in process of destruction under direc tion of the inspector will be left alone, to serve as cover for the rabbits as soon as the supervision is discontinued. It is further urged that as comparatively few sheep are depastured in the western dis tricts, the sum: raised by . contributions to the Scab Act fund would be ;quite inade quate to the maintenance of an inspector, and should be supplemented from the general revenue. THE LAUNCESTON REAL ESTATES DUTIES OFFIOE.-The matter of the Real Estates Duties Office. at Launceston was finally 'dealt with at the meeting of the Executive Council oi- Monday afternoon, When it was decided the collector, Mr. "Samuel Henry, should be removed from the public service. Mr.' ' Frederick Ferguson, . who has been performing the duties of the office .temporarily during the last three months or so, will be appointed collector from the let Jan., at a salariy of £.300 per' annum. The official letter received by Mr. Henry from the -Treasurer, dated 29th inst., runs as follows :-" I havethie honour to inform you that at a meeting of the Executive Council,- held this day, your case was taken into consideration, and I have now to -state that'the, Governor-in Coiuncil lias approved , of your services . being dispensed , with ' from.m this date ; and further, to direct that no salary shall be paid to you for the period during which you have been relieved from duty, unless you satisfactorily explain the deficiencies 1 brought under notice." - We may mention that out -of - the £4,I0. -aleged- to? be deficient £300 has been saetisfactorily ex plaisfed by ]hr. Henry, and the correctness ofthie balance, which is wrhet is referred to in the above letter, is disputed by Mr. Henry. The Government have now, how ever, simply deprived him of all chance of tracing or accounting - for the items re ported by the Colonial Auditor, while they refuse to pay him five months' salary until he performs . a practical impossibility. There can be no question, whatever Mr. Miury's shorteomings mily have been, that, compared with the treatment other public officers have received, that meted out to him has been harsh. That there has been muddling and confusion in the department seems cleat; whether Me. - Henry- was altogether to blame for it is net so clear. 'T'ue WARD' PERJUY e CAse-The wit ness Fitzpatrick -having arrived from - Sydney, Charles Ward will be brought before the Bench at thesPolice Court at 10 o'clock this morning, on tie charge of having committed -perjury. at Hobart, when it is expected the case will be concluded. : We understand that Mr. Fitzpatrick, soon after his arrival by the ,s.e. Corinna yesterday, visited the gaol, where hle identified Charles Ward as George Wortle, who was convicted at the Sydney Quartel' Spesions on the 19th December, 1871, for burglary, and san tenced to two years' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, of. which Fitzpatrick was on'e of the warders. -Worth was discharged by remission of sentened on the 29th August, 1873. Fitzpatrick was acting as warder during the whole time Worth was 3 in the-Maitland gaol, and is positive as to his identity with the Charles Ward nowy in the Launceston gaol. Several other par- a ticulars will be given in evidence by Mr. Fitepatrick - to-day, and a very excellent photograph of Worth, taken while he was in the Maitland gaol, will be a shown to the Bench. e ZootLoocAL.-Dr.. Wim. Jakins, of Bal- 1' Iarat, Victoria, who has, during the past few days, been visiting Tasmania on a fishing excursion, yesterday secured a fine a specimen of the Orsitherhynches Platypus, c which he has presented to the Town Park. o PuLiac WoRKS.-- Contractrs and others a interested ars reminded thatto-day at noon v is the last occasion on which tenders can a be sent in to rhe Public Works Office for n the following works :-Erection of school a and residence, Green Ponds; erection of I school and residence, Green's Creek; erec- 5: tion of school and residence, Upper Liffey; u erection of public school, . Emu Bay; y fencing and repairs school and teacher's s residence, Sassafras; repairs and additions -t to public school, Whitemore ; erection of a police buildings, Woodbridge; road, june- tI tien of Nook and Barrington, roads to I Nook Settlements, section 2; road, Weld- u borough to. Lower Junction, Gould's ' Country, Section 8; South-road, Circular E Head, section 3; road, Detention River to v Stanley, Circular Head, section 8. 0 .:CLOSING OP MAILS.-An application was made yesterday by Mr. A; Harrap to the Chief Secretary, asking permission to allow the s.B. Indignant to start from Lamunceston with the mails for Rosevear's, Beaconsfield, George Totn, etc., at 8 a.m. instead of 11a.m., oniThursday next. The application was granted, and, therefore, the'mails for those places will close at the Post-ofice at 7 a.iu. to-morrow. THE DEANERY OF HOBART. - In re ference to the appointment of Dean of St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, Bishop Sandford has written asking the following gentlemen to nominate someone for the. position :-The Bishop of Litchfield,-.the: Bishop of Bedford, the Dean of Windsor, Dean Cox, and Mr. Kemp, barrister-at-law, London. ......................... NOOK NOTEs.-Our correspondent writes : -Christmas, with all its festivities, has passed away - ver'y' quietly at the 'Nook. There has been a chopping match between T. Hamilton and H. Feehy, the latter being the winner. There was at sweep of eight entries on Christmas Day, W. H. Bott being winner. A quiet game of cricket brought the day to a close; Some are busy preparing for the sports at Sheffield on New Year's Day. I believe there are to be chopping and sawing matches open to all comers. The weather has been very changeable during theb last five or sii weeks, with very heavy' rain. There is plenty of feed for cattle and butter is cheap; the crops look well, fish seem to be plentiful. I have made a few nice hauls.among what are termed mountain trout, some of them weighing 'as muchas three-quarters' of a poind. ' I wish you and all your readers a happy New Year. A" PUGILISTIC INvALID. -Yesterday, : at the Police Court, an old invalid inmate of the Invalid Depot, named George Hiscock, was sentenced to two weeks' imprisonment, with' hard labour, for having assaulted another. invalid named R. Carter. The assault was a very aggravated one, and happenedon Boxing Day, ". Each inmate had a liint of beer served out to him, and Carter, who is 'cook at the, Depot, put His cock's away for him, as he 'was absent at the 'time. Hiscook not, coming back, Carter drank the beer, as it was getting flat. When Hiscoek returned, and found whathad beendone,heknocked Carter down, and kicked him violently about the body and on the neck, causing somewhat severe injuries. The man bears a good character, and is well-behaved, except when he is 'in drink.: . THE OLD YEAR.-In accordance with our usual custom, a history of the year which is just, drawing to a close, will be published on'Thursday next. RIvaE ExcuusroN.-This evening the T.S.N. Co.'s p.s. Natone will miakkd a moon light excursion to Rosevear's, leaving the wharf at 7'15 p.m., and Rosevear's on the return at 9"30 p.m.' As the attractions of the trip are. numerous a: large number of people will doubtless avail themselves of; a quiet .evening's amusement. The St. Jdseph's Baiid will play selections during the trip. IMMOTRATcON;-Mr. T. C. Just, 'the Secretary'~of the Immigration Board, has received, advices from Mr.! C. :Dugald Buckler, London, announcing, that the steamer. Nurjehan left Plymouth on, the. 27th November with .183 souls, represent ing 149 statute adults, :on board for this port.: The Nurjehan is deseribed as a fast boat, and may be expected to arrive about the middle of next month. SELBY DISTRICT VALUATION ROLL.-It is announced fin yesterday's Gasette that the time for the'completion of the valua tion ioll for the district of Selby has been extended to' January 31; 1885. NoRTrs ESK AND SELBY ELECTORAL DIs' itRci.-The ?iolling places in the' electoral district of North Esk have been increased by the addition of Moorina, and in the electoral district of Selby by the addition of Moorina and Upper Ringarooma. CouRT OF GENERAL SESSIONs.-A meet ing of the justices will be held at the Court House, Patterson-street, at 11 o'clock on Monday next, the 5th inst. The business for transaction will be the election of: a chairman of the Court for the year, the granting of pawnbrokers' licenses, and the election of the first licensing bench for the district of Launceston. Amongst the names mentioned of justices who will pro-; bably constitute the new board are-Mr. F. Belstead, Mr. R. Carter, Mr. J. J., Hud son, and Mr. E. L. Ditchinia, with his Worship the Mayor (Mr. Hy. Button). COURT OF REQUESTS.-The work of the Court of Requests has, during.the year 1884, been unusually heavy, the number of summonses issued being far in excess of last year. In 1883 2014 were issued; in 1884, 2123 were sent out;' giving an in crease for this year of 109. ' IMPORTED SHEEP.-W 'notice 'that the ss. "Southern Cross, which arrived 'at' Hobart on Monday last, had on board 409 sheep. In view of the facts we published a few days ago we hope that due precau tions have been taken to see that none of the new arrivals are infected with' scab. The disease exists in New Zealand, and the number of vessels now plying- between Australia and' Maoriland renders "it` neces sary that precautions should be taken to prevent its spread, and especially is its in troduction amongst the pure stud flocks of Tasmania to be guarded against... THE REV. J. C. MAcE.-The Rev.: J. C. Mace, formerly senior curate-of St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, and for a' time incum beat of Evandale, has accepted the appoint- J ment of curate in the thickly populated parish of South Hackney, London. Mr. 1 Mace, it will be remembered, left Tasmania 1 with his brother-in-law, Dean Bromby, 'in the early portion of the year. ' 'VOLUNTEER MaHs.-The Commanding Officer of the Launcesten Volunteer Rifle Regiment requests that all rifles, Water. bottles, and haversacks,in the possession 'of members, be returned into store' to-day. The news that the Launcestoa. Volunteer Rifle Regiment were again the happy possessors of a' band was Ereceived by its members with general satisfaction, and has I considerably raised the interestwhich i was somewhat flagging, in volunteer c matters. The full complement of the band is nearly made up, but there are yet a few I vacaneims, and any musician who is de- h siroues of joining must apply to the band- c master, Sergeant Bryan, at 'the Publice Buildings. As the uniforms andL instra ments are to be found by'the Regiment, a there will, doubtless, boa large number of t applications.' ' ' ' 5 T AnR IEoArA.-A Committee metiig g in connection with the Tamar Regatta was held at the City Hotel last' evening. Present-Messrs. B. P.'Farrelly, E. Garint; d F. Martin,. GeorgeiPeart,: W. J. 'Bain, H. flHarvey, C. R. Bain, W. Murray, J. H f Lithgow, W. Duggan,E. H. Panton,James Boag, A. M'Donald, and the secretary. It was decided that the publicans' and temperance booth, and right to sell pro grammes, be let by auction on the 24th January. It was also settled that tenders be called for the supply of a band.' The various officers for the forthcoming regatta were appointed. The next committee meet lng will be held on Thursday evening, January 8. b Hor BITTERs ARE THE PUaEST AND BEST ITTERas EVER MADE.-They 'are um-' c pounded from Hops, Malt, Buchu, Man- i drake, and Dandelion-tthe oldest, best, i and most valuable medicines in the world, and contain all the best and most curative properties of all other remedies, being the greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator, w and Life and Health Restoring Agent on earth. No disease or ill health can possibly i long exist whers these Bitters are used, w so varied and perfect are their operations. is They give new life and vigour to the aged ec and infirm. To all whose employments ol muse irregularity of the bowels or urinary C organs, or Who require an appetizer, tonic rc and mild stimulant, Hop Bitters are in- d valuablo, being highly curative, tonic and I' stimulating, without intoxicating. No B matter what your feelings or symptoms ph are, what the disease or ailment is, use al fop Bitters. Don't wait until you are c sick, but if you only feel bad or miserable, T cso Hop Bitters at once. It may save gi four life. Hundreds have been saved by D 1o doing. £500 will be paid for a case Ti they will not curs or help, Jo not- suffer m rlet your friends suffer, bit lse and urge I :hem to use Hop Bitters. Remember, Hop hi Bitters is no vile, drugged, drunken ' rostrum, but the purest and best medicine sver made; the "Invalid's Friend and Hlope," and no person or family should be vithout them. Try the Bitters to- day. c Jet at Chemists or Druggists. (' .'1 MORE BAD SMELLS.-During yesterday persons visiting and those living in the vicinity of the hard, near the Market Wharf, were much annoyed by a very- unsavoury smell which was found --to come from one of the Straits boats which had just arrived from the islands. Tihe boat was loaded with casks='f mutton- birds, oil, and sundries, and was hauled up on the hard, where the casks were opened and allowed to remain on board that vessel open all the day, the smell arising from their contents being enough to breed typhoid fever or some other disease. This is, no doubt, a case -which-calls for investigation. .- • B UOKLEYS' HIBERNICON COMPANY.-Last eveningtlie 'Mechanics' Institute was well filled--to- witness the re-appearance of Buckley's Hibernicon Company. The pro gramme was the same as that of the pre vious evening, and the performers received a well merited amount of applause. A tour through the Emerald Isle elicited much laughter and applause, while the Irish scenery .was much admired. The dancing and jokes of the company were very..good, and much merriment. was caused by Mr.D. Gardner as "Cuffee." This evening the same 'programme will be re peated. - WAcTCHNIGHT"r SERVICE. -'A-"speeial watch- night servicq will be held this even ing in the Launceston Tabernacle,, com mencing at 10.80 o'clock., Sacred; songs and solos will be reidered by the choir. - DELORAINE RACES.-The" Knave - has been scratched for'allengagemuents at; the above meeting. Our correspondent, tele graplhing last night, mentions that Mr. Bain's string of racehorses - a:rrived yester day, and that Mr. Povell'sare expected to day. A very successful inseet is antici pated. " ST..JosEPH's BAND.-In consequenco of counter attractions, the usual; weekly con cert given by St. Joseph's Band in the Town Park will not take place. -R.A.O.B.-A- meeting of the South Esk Lodge, No. 28, took place last evening, when the following officers were appointed for - the ensuing terim, viz.:-Bros. A. E. Bitrrowes, S.P.; E. Sutton, C.M., R. H. Diavis, C.S.; H. W. Cannon, C.T.; H. N. Hulmer, C.C.; G. Nichols, C. Chn.; W. Gibson, C. Phy.; J. M. Proctor, C.B.; E. Timms, -F.C.; - J. Edmsondson, A.B.; A. Dickson, C. Tir.; C. -Mathews, C. in.; J. T. Smith, C.W. Avote of thanks -was passed to tIhe retiring officers for the vay i which they had fulfilled their duties. THE FIRE BRIGoADE Last evening 24 members of,:the 'Launceston Fire Brigade were engaged practising under the super vision of their Superintendent, Mr. G. Croft. The men had two .reels out, and were exercised in Patterson-street in con necting the hose;on to the main near. the Police Station, and then playing the water on the trees in the Invalid Depot. The work was carried out successfully, and was viewed by a large number of people. \- THE HoN. A. ST'ART.-PFrom the-Mer cury we learn that the health of Mr.Stuart has very greatly improved since lie arrived in Tasmania.. The hon. gentleman has so far recovered that he is able to take short walks about Hobart; and on Sunday last attended church for the first time since-his illness? INTERCOLOLNIAL ITrEs.-Dr. Linton,'the new Bishop of R'iverina,will leave England for Sydney on January 15.-The celebrated 0\. E. Jones is head and front of the Vie torian -W omen's Suffrage Society.-Mr. Deakin left Melbourne for Sydney on Wed nesday last, and he will proceed on his irrigation mission to the United States on Thursday next, per .s.s. Australia.,, His intention at present is to proceed through Lower California, New Mexico, Arizona, Kansas, Colorado, and Utah, and such other States as he may be advised to see. The Diamond Drill Department, for nearly a. fortnight past, have been engaged in boring in Sydney to test the nature of' the strata along the route which the' proposed railway extension to.the city will probably take. There are 83 bores to be sunk, from the Government House grounds, near Port Macquarie, through the Domainand Hyde Park to the, police barracks, Belmore Gardens.-Captain . Bridge, of .H.M.S. Espiegle, left Sydney on December 23-for Brisbane, - re??o'te to Cooktown, where H.M.S. Raven is 'now 'lyilg. It- is be lieved that his mission is in connection with the recent proclamation 'of the British protectorate in New Guinea and the action' of the German Governnient. A white kangaroo has been seen at Cur rangandie station, N.S.W., and- attempts are being made to -capture it for: the Sydney Zoological Gardens.-More-China. men have been carried off-by the blacks'in the Stoney district, Palmer Goldfield. The blacks, whd are moving in mobs, are very troublesome and destructive, and the squatters and others threaten to organise a shooting raid if the troopers do not dis perse the blacks. --Fourteen. cases of typhoid feveri, all from the Prospect- Camp watoerworks, are' now in Parramatta HEos pital. They are attributable to the iisahi tary state of the camp.-Mr. R. T. Booth, the temperance advocate, who has been resting in N.S.W. during the last few monthis, lectured in Melbourne on "The coming man" last week. He incidenitally expressed his hope that a federation of the colonies would be effected.-A living freak of nature is at present on view at Adelaide, which is stated to be "half horso aid half . kangaroo." The animal, which is iwo years and ten months old, was bred on the Wild Horse Plains, S.A.-A captivating ghost has been cruising about St. Kilda lately, and a few evenings ago a number of young men sallied out to interview the "woman in white." The ghost did not •ppear, but the policemen did and took the names of the bearer.,'bats, spades, ehips, and other weapons oF defence, with .rhich tlhey were armed.; The magistrates were of opinion that the policemen 'hiad been too anxious to protect the ghost, and let the defeiidants go. - - - INTERCOLONIAL ACmIDENTS, OFFENeES, Eve.-A house in tbe-Beechworth Lunatic Isylum Grounds was destroyed by fire, caused-by one of the inmates of the insti ;ution, on Boxing Day.-There wad very it.le rowdyism in Melbourne during the solidays. Fifty drunkards were arrested n Christmas Day and Boxing Day, and were all admonished and discharged. iome of the San'dhurst "sports" arranged cockfight on Christmas Day, but -Detec ive Samsbury arrived upon-the scene -just es operations were about to commence, and .poiled the fun.--?Two fatalities- are re orted from Daylesford, Victoria. A child 14 years old, whilst taking a.newspaper to neighbour, fell into, a .holesaudd was liowned, and a young woman at Hepburn, ehilst cooking, was seized with aefit., She '11 into the fire, and -was burned to; death. £-The Re1v. eather Pollard dropped dead en the altar at, Moruya (N.S.W.) on the 12nd Decedeber. A magisterial inquiry eas held, and a verdict of heart diseasewas ceorded . .- The event caused - a: -painful ensation in the church, - women creaming and, going- into:, hysteriesa-4 -Two young women, -named respectively harah ;Brown, and, Sarah :Waring, alias l1anreyj, and a man named Harrison, were erought up at' the Collingwood Police court last week charged with' larceny. The ourt was so crowded that Harrison anaged to effect, his escape,: and it was eme little time before his absence was oticed.-A- smell female pickpocket Lamed Jane Robinson was sentenced to ix. months'- imprisonment at Sydney. laat reek for stealing some property from the ommissioner of Railways. Robinson, .who an elegantly attired and, prepossessing roman, had - been esuspected .of com sitting thefts in raihvay carriages for me time past.-The inquest on the body M Mrs. Wren,. who died so suddenly on the •ity of Adelaide, s.s., on the 20th inst., csulted in a verdict to the effect that eath was caused by, serous - apoplexy.-- 'ive Salvation Army, soldiers -and two [allelujah lasses have been prosecuted for laying a band in the streets at Strath Ibyn. The men were fined .5 and fi 7s .sts, while tlb- women were cautioned. 'oumy Agibbingwagna, arid Daly, found nilty of the murder of Noltenius, on the aly River, have been sentenced to death. hey will be executed at the scene of the urder.-Thomas Kirkham, a constable at snalls (Vie,), has been severely cautioned y the justices for illtreating a prisoner hilst handcuffed, - ' 