Life, Natural and Spiritual, from the Omnipresent God. BY JOSEPH COOK. Great advances in Natural Theology may be expected from "the application to it of two principles never yet thoroughly used in the field of religious research. (1) The Law of Continuity, or the principle that every state of things in the universe has its antecedent. (2) The Law of Biogenesis, or the principle that all life is derived from pre-existing life. An exact definition of the first of these laws would show that it is based on the axiomatic conviction of the soul that self-evident truth is true everywhere and at all times. Every change must have a cause. This proposition is true in the sun and in Sirius, as well as on the earth. It has been true in all past time, and will be in all future time. In the sphere of self-evident trutli the universe is of one piece. Our confidence in the universality of self-evident truth makes us certain that, in the study of the universe, we shall not be put to permanent intellectual confusion. "The principle of continuity," say Professors Balfour Stewart and Tait, "leads us, whatever state of things we contemplate, to look for its antecedent in some previous state of things also in the universe; and it means that the whole universe is of a piece, and that it is something that an intelligent being is capable of understanding, not completely nor all at oncc, but better and better the more he studies it." (" The Unseen Universe," pp. 213, 269.) The law that all life comes from pre- existing life has so often been disi-ussed on this platform that I need pause only to cite the now classical formula: Omnc civ it m ex vivo. Applying the Law of Continuity and the Law of Biogenesis to the explanation of matter and life, the necessities of thought lead us to an Unseen Universe as the origin of both. Look first at the fact that matter originates in the Unseen Universe. Scientific theism has always had a right, but in our age it has a new right to assert this unflinchingly in the face of atheism, agnosticism, and materialism. 1\. An atom is a body which cannot be cut in two. 2\. A molecule is an inconceivably small particle of matter made up of atoms. 3\. Molecular particles, besides certain fixed relations of the atoms or groups of atoms composing them, are supposed to have peculiar and invariable methods of vibration. 4\. These modes of motion of the ultimate particles of matter account for what we call light, heat, electricity, and other natural forces. 5\. But matter is inert and incapable of originating force or motion. 6\. We must account, therefore, for the motions of the ultimate particles of matter by something which is not matter, and which, therefore, belongs to the Unseen Universe. 7\. Light, heat, elccti-icity, have been, so far as science can determine, the same in all ages. They are the same in all parts of space to which research can reach. 8\. We can account for their sameness only by assuming the sameness of the molecular groupings and motions from which they originate. 9\. We must account for the origin of the sameness of the molecular groupings and motions. 10\. We must account for the pre-existence of that sameness in all the clash of forces upon each other throughout the universe. A particle of hydrogen now in the water of the ocean has perhaps been floating through the waves, or rains, or snows, or rivers, or clouds, since the world began. Another particle of hydrogen has been a chemical portion of a coal-bed for millions of ages. Another has been in a meteorite, flying through space outside the world. But the three particles have the same properties and retain them in all vicissitudes. So, too, light is the same in the sun and Sirius and Arcturus. This implies the sameness of certain molecular groupings and motions of inert matter in all these orbs. The chemical elements, as the spectroscope shows, must be substantially the same in the sun, in the stars, and in the earth. Science now is bold enough to affirm that, in all the turmoil of particles in the past history of the universe, certain groupings and motions of atoms have not changed. Fixed in their combinations, they have gone through the processes of what we now call Nature, and have remained what they were at the outset. What inference does science draw from that large fact ? 11\. As Nature does not change these properties, it must be concluded that Nature does not originate them. These groupings and motions have not been changed by the action of the present order of things; therefore we infer that they were not originated by that order. As Clerk Maxwell affirms, "the molecules did not originate in the present order of Nature." " But as molecules are made up of atoms, and as molecules have not changed their properties, it is known that the constant peculiarities of atoms, as well as of molecules, are incapable of adjustment by any forces now in action." 13\. Atoms are known to possess uniformity of qualities and so be spoken of as having the most marks of manufactured articles. 14\. The conception of a multitude of uniform atoms existing from eternity is absurd, as it includes no explanation of the uniformity. 15\. Atoms and their groupings and motions cannot be eternal and self-existent. 16\. Matter must have been created. It must have come from the unseen portion of the universe. Students will recognize in this series of propositions the essential portions of the modern atomic theory as defended now by the most advanced school of physicists and tlieists. So far are they from being in real debate, that they are nearly all of them contained in the somewhat celebrated article entitled "Atom," contributed to the last edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica by Prof. Clerk Maxwell, the profoundest of all modern students of the atomic theory. He says in tbiB article: "The equality of the constants of the molecules arises from a particular distribution of matter; a collocation, to use the expression of Dr. Chalmers, of things which we have no difficulty in imagining to have been arranged otherwise." If, then, the various processes of Nature to which the molecules have been subjected since the world began have not been able in all that time to produceany appreciable difference between the constants of one molecule and those of another, we are forced to conclude that it is not to the operation of any of these processes that the uniformity of the constants is due. The formation of the molecule is, therefore, an event not belonging to that order of Nature in which we live. The Law of Continuity requires us to go back step by step from subsequent to antecedent, so that when we reach the organization of atoms and of their groupings and motions, we come at last to the Unseen Universe— to the substance of Absolute and Infinite Being—to the Mind and WUl of the Omnipresent God. Having traced back matter to the Unseen Universe, let us now trace back natural life to the Bame source. As to the impossibility of accounting for life by the properties of matter, Prof. Clerk Maxwell says: " Molecular science forbids the physiologist from imagining that structural details of infinitely small dimensions can furnish an explanation of the infinite variety which exists in the properties and formations of the most minute organisms. . . . The properties of a germ are not those of a purely material system." (Encyclopedia Britannica, Article " Atom," p. 42.) It follows from these positions that life is the cause of organization, and organization not the cause of life—precisely the opposite of the teaching of materialism. 1\. Life is one of the things or states of things in the universe. 2\. But the Law of Continuity requires us to find the antecedents of every such state. 3\. The law of life from life (Biogenesis) requires us to hold that every living germ has a living antecedent. 4\. The first germ requires a living antecedent. 5\. That antecedent must be a living agent. 6\. That agent must be in the Invisible Universe. The Christian system recognises such an agent in the Lord and Giver of Life. God is represented, in the Christian system, as not only above the universe, but as also within it. His transcendency modern theism asserts, as well as his immanency. There is a giver of existence, substance, and force to the material world—God, the Son. There is a giver of life—God, the Spirit. 7\. Natural life as well as matter comes, therefore, from the Unseen Universe. As Professors Balfour Stewartand Taitaffirm : " There is an intelligent agent operating in the universe, one of whose functions is to develop energy; and also there is an intelligent agent, one of whose functions is to develop life." ("The Unseen Universe," p. 245.) "The Christian system recognises such an agent." One person of the Trinity is regarded as having " entered from everlasting into the universe, in order to develop its objective elements, matter, and energy ; the other has also entered from everlasting into the universe, in order to develop its subjective element, life." (P. 230.) " The doctrine of the Trinity, or something analogous to it, forms, as it were, the avenue through which the universe itself leads up to the conception of the Infinite and Eternal One." (P. 255.) " The burden of showing how the early Christians got hold of a constitution of the Unseen Universe altogether different from any other cosmogony, but similar to that which modern science proclaims, is transferred to the shoulders of the opponents of Christianity." (P. 270.) You say these thoughts have not yet been worked out in natural theology. You are right; but progress in this direction will be only an increase of the emphasis the Church has been accustomed to put upon some of the most mysterious and unspeakably sacred of Biblical truths. As all the leaves in a forest quiver in one wind, so all lives in the universe have their being in the Omnipresent Christ. After tracing back matter and natural life to the Unseen Universe, let us study spiritual life, or the religious regeneration of the natural life. Is this, also, to be traced back to the Unseen Universe, under the law of Biogenesis, that life must always come from preexisting life ? This is, in many respects, one of the most fascinating and momentous questions raised by the progress of natural theology. 1\. One meaning of the Law of Continuity is the continuousness of laws throughout the universe of space and time, matter and mind. 2\. The Law of Continuity, thus defined, requires us to believe, that there is a close analogy, perhaps an identity, between the laws of the natural life and those of the spiritual life. The phenomena of the two kinds of life are analogous; but possibly the laws are identical. 3\. The law of life from life (Biogensis) may be expected to apply to the spiritual as well as to the natural life. 4\. In the natural world the inorganic cannot develop itself into the organic. The dead cannot make itself alive. The world of living matter is shut on the side of the world of dead matter. Although the upper sphere may reach down into the lower, there is no power in the lower to develop itself into the position of the upper. There is no spontaneous generation. 5\. In the world of matter and natural life the inorganic must be touched by the organic ; it must be born from above in order to have life, since all life comes from preexisting life. 6\. So the inorganic in the spiritual world cannot develop itself into the organic. In the spiritual life the dead cannot produce the living; there is no spontaneous generation. The spiritual life is not the product of merely natural forces. This principle, oncc established, undermines half the false religions of the globe, and especially those most fascinating in ages filled, like our own, with reliance on the powers of the unaided nature of man. 7\. The commencement of a truly spiritual life—that is, of a religiously regenerated state of soul—requires an antecedent. 8\. That antecedent must be a living agent. 9\. That agent must reside in the Unseen Universe. 10\. But this, too, is a Christian doctrine. The Christian system recognizes such an agent in the Lord, the giver of spiritual regeneration. 11\. Conversion, therefore, as a change from death to life, has its illustration in the scientific law of life from life. Unless dead matter be born from above, it cannot enter into the sphere of natural life. Unless a spiritually dead soul be born from above, it cannot enter into the sphere of spiritual life. 12\. Science shows that the ultimate principle of natural life and growth in all its forms is one Omnipresent Agent in the Unseen Universe. 13\. So also, it shows that the ultimate principle of spiritual life and growth in all its forms is one Omnipresent Agent in the Unseen Universe. 14\. This Omnipresent Agent of Spiritual life and growth scientific theism shows to be the King Eternal, Immortal, Invisible—the only true God. 15\. The same omnipresent principle of all natural and spiritual life and growth, Christianity shows to be the Omnipresent Christ, the Lord and Giver of Life, the Logos, by whom all things were made and in whom all things consist. "He that hath the Son, hatli life." " He that hath not the Son, hath not life." (See Pro fesser Drummond, "Natural Law in the Spiritual World," pp. 1-94.) It will be startling to some minds to find all these propositions maintained in the name of scientific natural theology. Whoever would study the growth of this scheme of thought should familiarize himself with the writings of those physicists who have discussed, with most clearness and authority the great modern scientific topics of the conservation and correlation of force and energy, the atomic theory, the molecular constitution of matter, the origin of life, the law of continuity and especially that of Biogenesis. i Clerk Maxwell, Jevons, Sir Wm. Thomson, Lionel Beale, Dr. Carpenter, Helmholtz, Balfour Stewart and Tait, and moBt especially the younger Fichte, Ulrici, and Herman Lotze, must be carefully studied in detail by any one who would place himself in contact with the freshest thought concerning the relations of Bcience to natural theology. Already a work published but a short time ago by Professor Drummond, of Glasgow, on " Natural Law in the Spiritual World," has run through ten editions. I do not indorse everything in it; but it is a suggestive work. Although evidently based on the volume of Professors Stewart and Tait on the " Unseen Universe," it has much originality. It is only the beginning of discussions of its theme that seem sure to make the twentieth century rich in a really organizing and redemptive theistic faith. Such are the chief positions of an advanced theistic school in English, Scottish and German philosophy. They are whispers to which a man cannot listen without blanched cheeks as he ascends the heights of the most daring research in natural theology in our time. Atoms are manufactured aricles. Matter originates in an Unseen Universe. The groupings and motions of its particles can be explained only by the action of mind. An Omnipresent God, Father, Son and Holy Ghost is the principle of all natural life and growth and of all spiritual life and growth. At the summit of accredited theism, and of the most advanced natural theology, we find not only the truth that in God we live and move and have our being, but also the certainty of the necessity of the New Birth by the gift of that Holy Spirit, which is a present Christ. 