FOXGLOVE MANOR. Bt Robert Buchanan. CHAPTKB II. AT THE RECTORT. ffhn be reache<l the house he found Cut h:s presence wa3 DeedeJ at tbe bod.ide o! a laboure-, who tad wi,Sl a srions accident a day or two Wore and who was now sinking rapidly. Mr jantlev was a man who never begrudged time or trouble in the interest of bis p.vishiunera ; ani. though he htd yet .notber service to attead, and was already 'fatigued by tha work of the (jaj, be rtariily signified bis willingness to comply with the leanest of tbe dying i-an, and at once s'erLid for the village. Be felt at the moment that the dnty placed before him would be r relief from ihe thronging recollections and the wild momptings which had set his heart and brain in a turmoil. As he went down the road, however, the face of the dying man who had sent to seek his priestly aid, and the Jsce of the beautiful wife of the owner'of Fox- > rlove Manor setmed to be itriving for mastery 2ver him ; he was unable to concentrate his attention on any inbject. His will was in abey ance, and he appeared to himself to be in a sort of waking nightmare, in which the mo3t distorted tbcuctts of marriage and death, of a lost love and cf a lost God, of the mockery of life, the mockery of vouth, the mockery of religion, presented them- selvce before him in a hideous masquerado, till the function he was about to fulfil appeared to bim at one moment a sacrilege, and at another a degrad ing folly. To understand in eomo degree the vicar's mental condition, it is necosrary to glance baek on hi, past life. In early manhood Charles Santley had been seiiously impressed with tho sense of a special vocation to a religions life. He was tbe ,cn of a wealthy merchant, whose entire fortune had perished in one of our great commercial orisii, and whose death had fallowed oloeo upon his ruib, Up to that period Charles had been tmdocidod a, to his choice of a pursuit ; but tbe necessity of making an immediate (election resulted in hia de- vetiog himself to tbe ebnrch. Barely rufficient bad been saved from tbe wreck of their property to rapport his widowed mother and his sister. ;For himself, be was endowed with a splendid physique, a tern intellect, and indomitable energy ; and he at once flung himself into his new career. He sip- ported himself by teaching until he wis admitted to orders, when he ob'.nined a curacy,- and even tually, through ibe interest of some old friends of his father, be was piesrnted with tbe living of St. Oolhfcert's. In the course of these years of Btruggle, bowetcr, there was gradually developiig within tbe msn a spirit which threa'ened to render bit success worse than useless to him. Ardent, emotional, profoundly convinced of tuo eternal truth; of revelation and of the glorious mission of the Church, tbe yonrg clergyman was at theiame time boldly speculative acd keenly alive to tha giandicee development, of the modern schools o! thought. It was not till he stood on the extreme verge of science and locked beyond that hs fully leafed his position. He then perceived wilh horror that it was no longer impossible — tbat it was even no longer difficult — to regard the great message of redemption aa a dream of the world, the tlorious faith of Christendom as a purely ethnic mythology, morality as a merely natural growth of a natural ustinct of self-preiervation. Indeed, the difficulty consisted in believing other wise. The Fatherhood of a personal God was slip ping away from his soul ; the Sonship o! a Saviour was melting into » fantastic unreality ; the convic tion of a personil immortality was diBaipatinginto mental mist Bnd d <rknesi. Tho mystery of evil was growing into a fiendish enigma ; virtue passed bim, and showed herself to be a hollow mask. His whole naturo rose in revolt against this borriblo scientific travasty of God'a universe. He shrank back alike from the new truths and from the theories evolved from them. His faith could not Bland ihe test of the wider knowledge. If God were indeed a myth, Immortality but a dream, virtue an unprofitable delusion, man simply a beast gifted with speech, better tho old faith con cerning all theio— accepted though it wore in de spite of reafon and in oatrage of immortal truth — than tbe hideous simulacra of the new philosophy. He cast himself back upon tbe bo3om of tha Chinch ; he clung to her aa to the garment of Gcd ; but he waa powerless to exorcis9 the spirit ot tcepticism. It rose beforo bim in snored places, it ecoffed at his most earnest end impassioned ut terances ; ho seemed to hear within himself cynical laughter aa be stood at Ihe bedside of the dying ; when he knelt to pray it stood at his ear and suggested blasphemy ; it converted the solemn light of the church into a motley atmosphere of superstition ; it stimulated his strong animal nalu;e to the very bounds of self-restraint. Still, if he was unable to exorcise it, be had yet the strength to contend with and to master it. Pre cisely because he was sceptical he was rigid in outward rfoetrine, zealous for forms, and indefati- gahlo in the disc' arge of bis clorical functions. In his psssionBte endeavour to oonvinco himself, he convinced bis hevrers and confirmed them in the faith in which he was himself unable to trust. To-day ihe old conflict between the sacerdotal ar.d the sceptical was complicated by now elements of spiritual discord. After seven years of hopeless separation, Charles Santley had onca more steed f>.c-.- to face with the embodied dream and inspiration of bis early manhood, and had lound her, in the full lustre of her peerlesi woman hood, another man's wife. During those years ns bad, it was true, reconciled himself to what thon had tcfn forced upon him as tho inevitable, and be fttd sternly set himself to master tbe problem of his eiistar.ee, without any secret hope tbat in the coining year hi; success might bring her within his reach ; but he had never forgotten hsr. She was to him tne n'arry poetry of his youth. He locked lack to the time when ha had first known and lovi d her, as a sadder and a wiser world looks buck to the Go'den Ago. The memory of her was the ghost or an undent worship, lli'.ting in a dim rosy iwil'cht about Lie Elysian Iield3 of memory, and, it. burg twilight, the fields wero touched wi'b a hallowed Ive ing i.£ loss and a divine sentiment of regret. And now — ob, bitter irony of time <i f .-rtunel — now thit ha bad achieved success now that all the old guifa which bad separated tiiun were spanned with golden bridges, now lira r e might have claimed her and she might have b on proud to acknowledge the claim, tho once mor.r crostcd his lifo — a vision of Beamy, a star of in;piration — and once mora he bnew that she was hopelessly, infinitely more hopelesrly than c. .,-r, raised beyond his seeking. Time turn the old days to dorillan, Onr nvi-B ir.ti corpio; cr wives ; Aud in .r- :hco and death and diritiya Mali- i.a-ioa our llna ! He was detail td so long at the bei-sidc of tht dyiDg man that, by tho time be had again reached the Vicarage, the 'ells were rioging for evening service and the western sky was ahlar.e wi'h sun set. In tho church the light streamed through the Lnce's and th painted casements, filling the air with motley liroaeths of glowiog colour, and painting pillar au : arch and tbe brown sandstone with glorious b azonry. Even in the curtained nook near the rugun the space was flooded wiih enchanted light-, and Edith Dave art beside tho tall gilded instrument like a picture of St. Cecilia in an illumicatt-d missal. Iu the pulpit tho viccr stood us if trnnsfigurr d. He spoke, too, as though be felt that this w ru the aplendour of a new hea ven opening upon a new earth, and the g'ad rustle of the trees iu the cool breeze outBide wero the murmurs cf paradise. t " AVe shall n<" all sleep, but we shall all be changed," were the words of hia text, and through out the fervid exposition of the apoatle's faith in the resurrection the sweet, blue eyes and eager lips of the organist were turned towards tho preacher. He se-med this evening, bowover, to be unconscious u! her presence. He addressed himself entirely to tie listoners in the pews in front of him, and never cast even a solitary glauea towards the aisle where she sat. At tha close ol the service EdLh found Miss Santley waiting fur her at tho entrance. It hid now been custom ry for soveral weeks past for Miss Dove to go over to the Vicarage on Sunday evening and remain to supper with Mr Santley and his sister. They went slowly through the ehurchyr.rd together, and took the littla pith which led to the house. Tbey remained chatting at the wicket for a few moments, expecting the appearance of the vicar. When Mr Santley ii- socd from the church, however, ho passed quickly down the gravelled walk to the high-road. He had thrown a rapid look towards tbe plantation, and had seen the young women but he gsvo uj in dication of having ob- erred thsm. "Mby, Charte- is not coming!" exclaimed Miss Smtley with surprise, as she s-iw her brother; ho surely cannot be going djwn to Ombarley again." " He is not g inp to Omberley, dear," said oa i "k" t>0 n wa'bing for the vicar, and bad keen enough to notice the hasty glauer be hid cast in their direction ; ' he is going up the road." " Then wherever can he be going lo ? Aud he has not had tea yet, poor fellow 1" 1,133 Santley stepped a few p ices back into the churchyard, and stood on tiptoe to catch a glimpse < f him over the hedge ; bur the vicar had already pasre-d out of sight. 'Never mind, dear," she said to Edith. " Shall we go in and have a little chat by ourselves? He may have some sick call or other, and ho is sure to be back soon, or he would have told me where he was goiDg. Come, you needa't look so sad," Miss Santley continued, a3 she observed tho ex pression of hsr companion's face. "I didn't think I was looking sad," replied Ediih, blushing. "Oh yes, yon were dreadfully," said Miss Sant ley, laughing in a bantering manner. ""You don't think Mr Santley is — is not quite well ?" asked Edith timidly. " Oh no, Charles is quite woll,I am sure." " Perhaps ho is displeased with something," said Edith as if speaking to herself rather than to Miss Santley. " Vhat a little fidget you are," said her com panion, taking the girl's srea. " 1 know what you are thinking of. 1 am sure he has no cause to ba displeased with yon, at any rate." " I hope not," replied Miss Dove, brightening a little. " Only I felt a misgiving. You do fe»l misgivings about all sorts of things, don't you, Mary, without knowing why — a sort of preaent- iment and an uneasy feeling that something is going to happen." "Young people io love, I believe, experience feeliDgs of that kind," said Miss Santley, with mock gravity. "Come io, you dear littla goose, and don't vex your poor wee heart like that, Ht will be back before we have got half our talk over." (TO BE CONTINUKD.l 