CHAPTER II. IN THE BUIN8 OF THE JOINTDBE HOUSE Francois D'Lorme had not miscalculated the earl's purpose in leading Mile, Violetta to view the picturesque old ruins, but the thought of snob a thing was very far indeed from mademoiselle herself although she followed bia lordship most willingly; for she, too, had a purpose in view, and had deter- mined to request a few moments' private conversa- tion with Lord Glandore before they parted that night, and she had been puzzling her brains how to broach tbe subject when the earl very opportunely begged her to accompany him to the ruins. My Lord Glandore'a one object, however, was to lay his coronet at the feet of the woman he had de* voutlj worshipped for two whole months; made- moiselle's was to beg his aid in a matter very dear to her heart- for she had learned to respeot him» and she made this move after mature deliberation. Secretly elated over her willingness to accompany him, Lord Glandore led the way down the shadowy tamarisk walk, and thence to the' grand old ruins; mademoiselle, however, remained ia thoughtful si- lence, and the earl, believing by this that she thor- oughly understood what was coming, took fresh hope at every step. Pausing in the court-yard, his lordship waved his hand toward the massive pile. "These are the ruins, mademoiselle,"he said. "We Glandores think more of this moss-grown pile than of the homestead itself. Unfortunately for the ro- mantic Bide of the question, though, it is distressingly devoid of ghosts and death- lamps, and is stupidly sofo. No mysterious bandit, no terrific pirate, and »u wily counterfeiter has ever made the place his lair, and a child migbí wander through it without feeling tirald of meeting anything, even in the dead of night. Its chief beauty is the old reception-room, where you can yet trace some of the frescoes on the walls. It is more secluded there-would you not like to enter, mademoiselle ?" " I should like to go there, my lord," she said, in a faltering voice, and Glandore thought he knew why it faltered. "It would be best, perhaps, to get away from the possibility of an intrusion." Not knowing his lordship's thoughts at that mo- ment, she did not understand how these words sounded ; but my Lord Glandore, thrilled with a strong, new hope now, drew the fluttering hand through his arm and led the way under the ruined arch of the entrance. The winding passage was quite dark, and Mile. Violetta was obliged to keep close to his lordship's side for several yards and foal her way through the debris; but at length they emerged into a large apartment, half of whose vaulted roof had fallen and allowed the moonlight to stream in. An immense bay-window occupied half the eastern wall, but posts and sash were gone now; and through this ivy wreathed aperture one could look out on the moon- lit sea, where the great white-crested billows thun- dered against the base of the rocks; and mademoi- selle, started out of her thoughtfulness by the grandeur of the scene, could not repress a little cry of delight '. How benutiiul it is-how wild-how pictures- que I" she said, wt>rmly. ** Ah, my lord, I no longer wonder that the Glandore s have ever been proud of these ruins, It is a heritage a king might envy-an antiquarian worship. Happy he whose life abounds in pleasant places." My Lord Glandore bent his head till she felt his warm breath upon ber cheek. " Pleasant placea may become feierte to us if we are forced to inhabit them alone, mademoiselle," he enid. " liven Heaven cott'd offer us little were it offered one only. I era not in- sensible to the beauties of Glandore court--Ï love it > I am proud of it, bat I cannot bear ray pride alone !'» " Mademoiselle was silent ; ehe was looking at the moonlit sea and ehe scarcely heard him. Glandore mistook her silence, and his handsome dark eyes glowed. " Even Paradise would bave been insupportable to Adam alone, and the Lord knew it, mademoiselle,'' he went on warmly. "Glandore is like your ring there, were you to knock out the central jewel, It would still be beautiful, but with something wanting to complete that beauty-something to make perfect the circlet, unfinished for all its loveliness-some- thing to fill the void and lend brilliancy to all around it. It is so with Glandore Court, mademoiselle- so with me I" For the first time a suspicion of what he meant crossed Violetta^ mind, and with a low cry elie shrank away from him; leaning against the «hat* tered casement, and white, and hushed, and trem- bling, staring at tbe moonlit BOB. Lord Glandore started, and his Ups grew pale. "You shrink from me, mademoiselle," he said, hoarsely ;" you leave me to my lonely grandeur, while I-I-Oh, Violetta, my love, my life, my queen* do you not understand me? can you not see P It is without you that Glandore is an empty sepulchre ; it is without you that paradise is darkness 1 Violetta, my queen, my darling, I love you 1" And then, before sbe could stay him, he was at her feet pouring out a perfect torrent of passionate, burn- ing words. " My earldom-my coronet-my life, I lay at your feet, Violetta 1" he cried, catching her fluttering band and pressing it to his lips. " Ob, my darling, my darling, will you not answer me f " Very white and very mnch hurt, Violetta drew her band from his, and turued her wet eyes toward tbe starlit night. " I-I never dreamed of this, my lord," she said in a hollow voice. " I have always honored you, respec* ted you, esteemed you-ob, why could you not bave been content to be my fried P why must I ever loee those whose honest friendship I have sought P I-I will be frank to you, my lord, though it costs me much pain. I have looked upon you as my greatest friend ; I have trusted you enough to feel perfectly safe in asking your advice upon a matter of the past» but I do not love you I Oh, my lord, believe me if I could love you I would, but I cannot-God knows I cannot-my heart is dead within me !" " Bound to a heart so full of love as mine it wonld live agaio 1" he uttered ardently, but mademoiselle shook ber head. " Do not deceive yourself, Lord Glandore," she said, in a faltering voice. "I can never give you such love as you deserve. I feel deeply, believe me, the honor you do me, but,-but I-I never mean to marry-I cannot dream of love until my taBk in this world is completed." "Your task, mademoiselle?" he said, and she knew that be suffered, for there was pain in his voice. " Yes, my bitter taikV she answered, in a choking voice ; " and when that is over, when I have done what I have sworn to do, it may be that love shall wake from the dead ashes, and I can feel myself worthy of becoming some honorable man's wife. As I am to-night, I feel I have no right to wed, for love has gone out of me forever, It ia a friend I need more than a lover, Lord Glandore, and-and 1 meant to ask you to be that friend before wa parted this night. Oh, forgive me if I have wounded you, but I am so lonely, so friendless, for all I am so honoured and-and I want some one to confide in, some one to advise me, for my task is bitter and hard for a friendless weak, and unskilled woman ; and-and my lord, will you be that friend P Will you tee me through that task ? And' when it is ended say to me what you have said to-night, and I will ask God to put it in my heart such love as you deserve 1" Her voice shivered and broke; a mist of tears dimmed,her beautiful eyes, and her hands fluttered I at her throat. x | In the silver sheen of the moonlight, Lord Glan- dore rose up and faced her. " I will be your friend to the last, mademoiselle,'« he said, clearly; "I will fight for you; I will bear your crosses, and, if need be, I will die for you ! There is my hand. Command me from this night forth I" Her hand fluttered softly into his, and gratitude looked at bim out of those glorious eyeB. " I knew I could trust you-I felt I could 1" she uttered, hoarsely. " But it ia a bitter story, my lord -a story whose origin is among the poor and lowly, a class you never knew. I have wanted so hard to speak to some one, but how could I, when I knew not whom to trust P Now I have your word, and I am content." " You have my solemn vow to aid you," he said " be the task what it may 1" And looking into his face, she said, solemnly : My task in life is to right the wrongs of an in- jured woman-to clear her name, and bring a mur- derer to justice, Lord Glandore. It is a story of bitter suffering, and I have the proofs upon my per- son now. Listen !" Through the arch of the leaves a soft, sweet, dreamy melody floated to them cn the winga of the' night wind. The dance had begun again, the revelry was going on, and with laughter, and music, and moonlight about him, my Lord Glandore listened to the words that shattered all his hopes-listened to the words that struck honor to hu heart, 