THE GUNDAGAI ELECTION. To the Editor. Sir, — When I addressed my letter to you on Tues- day last, in reply to the article in the Freeman's JournaI of the previous Saturday, I wilfully violated journalistic etiquette by namig Mr. Thomas' Butler as my personal enemy in connection with the publication of the article in question. Up to that time I had given him credit, not for ability, but for considerable cunning, and I scarcely dared promise fair play would be successful in drawing Mr. Thomas Butler out to reply to me in your columns. He has done so, however, and I have thus skilfully succeeded in making the quarrel to be now a merely personal one between Mr. Thomas Butler and me. And it would be sufficient for my purposes now to say that his weakness in replying to me shows his utter unfit- ness to occupy the recently assumed by him position of leader in any movement; and proves that his journalistic judgment, after about 15 years' exper- ence, is absolutely worthless. Indeed I thought that, after the almost unmerciful lashing I gave him, be might have found a friend more discreet than himself who would have had sufficient influence with him to persuade him to take in silence the bitterly disagreeable dose I gave him, and thus not draw me on him again. However, Mr. Thomas Butler is incorrigible, and I am compelled to expose his audacity and impertinence in presuming to sug- gest to me what my duties as a colonist are, and what steps I should take in matters political or otherwise. And who, I should like to know, is this selfnomi- nated, self-appointed, lay kind of 'Archbishop of York-street,' that he should dare to write about me, and matters about which his ignorance is only equalled by his unblushing impudence. Let us see. Mr. Butler charges me with, in his puerile judgment, three enormous political offences, viz.: — First, that in Gundagai I have neither interest nor influence. Second, that during my political career I have had many lessons of defeat. And third, that I was associated with Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. James Watson in the candidature of Mr. Elkington for East Sydney. Well, if I had been guilty of all these charges, I would be more entitled silen pity than to public prominence. But what are the facts? The first charge is amply answered in a leader in the principal paper in the electorate, the Gundagai Times, of the 29th April, which, referring to the FREEMAN's malicious article against me states, 'We can all of us, on the spot, tell our lamentably ill- informed Sydney contemporary (the Freeman) that he is laughably in error. A journal of less ambition to be an authority on matters political should really be more scrupulous to tell the truth of prominent and well-deserving public men than the Feeeman's Journal has been in the case of Mr. T. M. Slattery. But, in addition, the Cootamundra Liberal of the 30th ultimo, states that 'the FREEEMAN's Journal allows itself to be persuaded that Mr. Slattery's coming up here spoilt Mr. Want's chance.' And Mr. Want's own letter in your issue of yesterday is (without further proof) an ample vindication of me from Mr. Butler's vindic- tive remarks. However, I suppose that Mr. Butler's vanity would not allow itself to be humbled by accepting such evidence, and if he still thinks that he knows more about the electorate than anyone else in the colony, perhaps he would write to Mr. P. J. O'Donnell, J.P., of Mingay, Mr. James Crowe, J.P., of Gobarralong, Mr. James Robinson, J.P., of Kimo, Mr. Archibald Smith, J.P., of Gundagai, Mr. Lawrence Roache, of Jugiong, Mr. Taylor, of Cootamundra; or, if he knows any respect- able person in the electorate (which I very much doubt), and publish any answers he may receive, I shall feel under a personal obligation to him. But Mr. Butler has about as much idea of the electorate of Gundagai as a child born yesterday in Tim- buctoo. Respecting political defeats caused by me, I chal- lenge Mr. Butler to point out one. I had his per- sonal enmity when I firat went to Burrowa, and in- spite of it and Sir Henry Parkes's opposition, I suc- ceeded in defeating a gentleman of the highest character. And, with Mr. Butler's private hostility at the last election, I was elected without opposition. As to other defeats caused by me, let him ask the Hon. Alexander Stuart, who probably will tell him what I cannot publicly boast of Mr. Butter's refer- ences to these matters, however, are too insignificant to be seriously considered. But his statement that I was associated with Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. James Watson in some election is a wilful falsehood, which no man capable of being called respectable would dare utter. Indeed, no journalist that I know of but Mr. Butler would do so. For many reasons, I regret that his natural impetuosity should have allowed him to mention the name of Sir Henry Parkes. It is for him a singularly unfortunate allu- sion. I never was associated with Sir Henry Parkes or Mr. James Watson in anything, either political or private. But can the political Simon Pure {Mr. Thomas Butler) say the same? He has been the nominal editor of the FREEMAN for 15 years, and from the time of the Kiama ghost business until the eve of a fatal and ever to be remembered poli- tical union, which I shall term the first epoch of his consistent editorship, were not the columns of the Freeman open to every writer for the purpose of denouncing Sir Henry Parkes as the arch- enemy of the liberties of the people of the country? And the very Saturday after the union in question was consummated, which I shall term the second epooh of Mr. Thomas Butler's fidelity to principle, did not Mr. Thomas Butler, with infan- tile weakness, completely turn his journalistic coat, and not only shock the public conscience, but call forth public protests from the present Attorney General (Mr. Dalley), the Hon. William Macleay, and the late lamented William Forster against his public perfidy? Well, during this epoch were not all writers invited to fill up the bitter cup of public humiliation by lauding Sir Henry Parkes to the skies in the same (consistent) Freeman's that, had been not only misunderstood, but who had been cruelly, maliciously, and wickedly injured and maligned in the columns of the Freeman. The third epoch of Mr. Thomas Butlerism in connection with Sir Henry Parkes in our political life took place when the union referred to was severed by what I then thought and still regard as the most cowardly and diabolical piece of personal and political treachery that ever took place here or elsewhere. In that epoch were not the old writers again called back to their old work to prove that not only was Sir Henry Parkes an arch-traitor, but an arch-fiend in human shape, whose only object in public life was to place a section of the people in absolute poli- tical bondage? A nice kind of man this Mr. Thos. Butler to have the presumption to think that any respectable person in the community will follow his lead in anything. He lives very comfortably at pre- sent on three things, and he should not risk any pecuniary loss, or rather loss of his income, by inter- fering with matters of which he is grossly ignorant, and with which he should have no concern. These three things are— (1) The character and the brilliancy of one of Australia's most gifted sons, who, by some mysterious fascination, seems to have placed in wretched hands his marvellous talents and his politi- cal reputation in endeavouring to assist Tom But- lerism, (2) scissors, and (3) paste. — Yours, &c.; May 2. T. M. SLATTERY. Some sensational statements have been recently made by one of the drivers employed on the Victorian railways, that it is the habit of drivers to greatly exceed the authorised pressure on their boilers. In quiries have been made at the Locomotive superin tendent's office, and it is there declared that the statements are thorough exaggerations, and, in the opinion of the officials, made to raise a ' scare.' A burglar recently went, through 11 houses in our western suburbs, and didn't raise even a' silver thimble. He says that there is no encouragement under a corrupt administration for industry and en terprise. Why didn't he also blama the recent drought ? ' ' Writes a London correspondent :— I was talking the other day -to an old Australian who expresses himself pithily. Said he, 'The only advantage in* having a a Conservative Government in office instead of a Liberal one is that . the Tories send us out a better class of governors than the Liberate do !' Mrs. Langtry is not likely to visit us after all. She has written from New York to say that she has had unlooked-for success, and is literally coining money. In July she will return to England for a four months* tour, and then go back to Amerioa, where she has received ' enormous offers' for the ensuing season. Mr. G. F. Carey, the well-known Australian actor, has been so much appreciated at the Grand Theatre, Islington, that he stall remains in London. He ^' been successfully acting the role of Jim Dalton in Tom Taylor's 'Ticket-of -Leave Man.' Outside Paddy's Market on Saturday nurht. Sal vationist selling WabCbt. TidylookingartiBanpaBB ing by, recognises Salvationist as a former mate, dis charged fOflaziness/ commences to reckon ^*i™ up after this style: 'Hallo, you lazy tinker; is this better than carrying bricks? How are youvpaidP So much commission, eh?' Army 'man retaliates with long prayer, then addresses himself to the lott sheep thus :' Oh, deluded brother, if you will. only come and- find rest and salvation, I can give it you. — (Aside)! wish a .policeman weald come along, I'd give you in charge. ' -. ' ? . ? -- ?? . ? Consequentuponihe&iMeuoeofdiiturbingelementB; the business at the Alexandria CounoO. meeting, on Wednesday night; was got through in the moit expe ditious ?tuanner, .. Consent was received from the Governor to borrow 45000. for the carrying. out of permanent improvements. . The assessment was adopted, audjtt was found -that^ the rates ^ould 'be ?bout 4400 inexoeM vt the previous yew. A'genoral fate « li/aada-ligMiug r*te of Sdinthtfifewer* struck for Bast and West, wards, wad a general rate , of Is only for Southward. The highfarjftmfrgentls bu» complained of by the inspector as haringburled ?u^taoQ on his premises turned «nt to be »n ex aldwrman (WNaraee), *nd It wm also atated. that he MiAtaM to tto*M*Msw9nlt?^ , 