THE RECENT FIRES AT WANGARATTA If the recent fire alarms at Wangaratta were not of sufficient importance to adorn a tale, the last, which occurred at Mr Brown's smithy and wheelwright estab lishment, at midday on Tuesday, was certainly enough to point a moral. It is true thai, even if the fire had got any headway, the premises in which it ori ginated, together with the valuable pro perly which they contain, and perhaps one other neighboring honso, might a'ono havu been destroyed ; but fires are by no means respecters of persons, and what did occur at this particnltr t-pot, or what, might have occurred, but for the merest good fortune, might just as probably have taken place in the heart of the town. The meu were absent, and, al though the fire must have been smoul dering for se7eral minutes, smoke issuing from the roof of a blaoksmith's shop would, of course, attract no notice from passer3-by. "When the flames did bursi out they were very considerable, and as every clement for a speedy conflagration was present, all the chances were against, its being extinguished before getting a firm bold of the whole buildiDg. H-ip- p:!y, the actual blaze was got under m once by means of buckets and water froru a tnnk ; hut when some of the members of the old brigade arrived on the grouud they were unable to render any effectual assistance, as the pressure of water was simply nil, so far as extinguishing a fiiv was concerned. The new brigade then appeared on tbe scene with their re cently-purchased engine, and by allowing the water to dribble from the hose into a lank, sucked up enough in about fivt- minntos to send a very respectable into Ibe still burning room. As this is the first appearance of the engine in actual warfare — its baptism of fire — we may say, parenthetically, that, although by those who are not aware of the im provements which have been made in these machinos within the last few years, it was ridiculed as a toy, it proved i self capable of doing good work, especially on such untoward occasions. That there was ns pressure from the town main is cerlaio, although the plug was less than half distance from the fire. The mere oozing of the water from the mouth of tbe hose, when it was finally uncoupled as useless, was witnessed by one of our reporters and by a hundred others, and was the subject of general remark — of amusement, when the danger was passed. In onr paragraph relating the occurrence in our Thursday's issue we strongly urged that inquiry should be made as to the cause of failure of pressure, and it seems that the engineer of the pumping machinery has taken exception to our remarks. He states that when tbe fire took place there were 8ft Gin of water in the tank. That may be so ; we did not attribute the want of pressure to that source, although it was stated by soma persons present that the depth of water at the tower on that morning was eomn- where between 18 inches and 6 inches. But even supposing Ihe tank to have "open quite full, the other fact remains, that there was no available pressure, and that the one great source of security was wanting. It is not the first time the same thing has occurred in Wangaratta on the moment of a great emergency. It has even happened in Beechworth, in spite of its very perfect scheme. There must have been some cause for tbe fail- nre. It is possible that tbe pressure is never great at the same plug at that par ticular hour of the day — between half- past- 'one and two o'clock— owing to a special demand upon the taps. Bat, whatever tbe cause, we have no doubt the council will, in their own interest and that of tbe ratepayers, sift it to the bottom and provide a remedy, so far as possible. Cricket. — At a meeting of the com mittee of the Beechworth United Cricket Club on Tuesday evening Messrs Perry and Taylor were authorised to canvass the town for subscriptions. _ The new club has been very successful this season, and its members are doing all in their power to wipe off ihe debts of. the old club, and we are pleased to hear that that the sub scriptions are coming in very freely. It is to be hoped the townspeople will liberally and generally respond. A match be tween an eleven of the club aud fifteen " Wanderers " will be played this after noon on the Beechworth ground ; play commencing at two o'clock. The fol lowing are the respective teams : — Club — Brierly, Barbour, D. Ryan, sen., Fox, Berry, Whitehead, Matthews, Foxton, D. Ryan, jun., Dumaresq and Smart. "Wanderers" — F. Ansell, W. Allen, G. Allett, F. Warden, D. O'Brien, J. "White, M", White, L. Mallesch, W. Thompson, J. Rickards, G. Henley, W. Hambleton, W. .Johnson, S. Birtles and Crouch ; uiiergeticies, Cosgrove and Heurr. " Post-office Money Orders. — We ob serve that under new regulations issued by the Postal Department in regard to tile issue and payment of mouey orders, the hours between which orders may be obtained or cashed ave 10 a.m. and 3 p.m., except on Saturdays, when the money order offices close at 12 o'clock noon. This change is, doubtless, made to accord with the hours of busiuess observed by the different banks on Saturdays. Sale of Farm. — Mr H. Yandenberg has sold his farm of 80 acres (late Gam- boid's) on the 0veH3 Riv«.r, at Everton, to Mr D. Patten, for the sum of £725 cash. Having relinquished farming, and entered into business at the Vine Hotel, Beechworth, Mr Yandenberg will dispose of his farming implements, &c.;, by sale by auction on Saturday next. Beechworth Volunteer Fire brigade. — A special meeting of the abovo brigade was held on Monday evening ; Captain McLean in the chair, and eighteen fireineu being present. A letter from the captain of the Benalla Brigade, iu reference to the demonstration to be held in that town on Easter Mouday, was received. It was resolved that the brigade be entered for all events at Beualla. The officers aud Fireman Scott were appointed a com mittee to select the teams for the re spective events. It was resolved that the members of the brigade meet every Tues day and Thursday evenings, at 7.15 sharp, for practice. A Penitent Thief. — Messrs Swallow and Ariell, the well-known biscuit manu facturers, of Port Melbourne, on Wednes day received the following letter, which contained the sum of £2 : — " Gentle men, — Whilst in your employ I appropri ated for my own use what was yours, but through attending the meetings of the Salvation Army L have seen the error of my ways, aud my conscience tells me to refund what is not mine, aud the Salva tion Army teaches all men to do right and be honest in all things. Enclosed you will find the amount in full. Youre (signed), 'Saved by Jesus.'" Messrs Swallow aud Ariell slate that they possess no clue to the identity of the writer. Traffic Returns. — The following is a return of the traffic on tile Victorian Railways for ihe week ending 20th March : — Miles open, 15'JS ; total receipts for the week, £47,646 18s lid ; aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,501,995 0s 31; weekly average 3S weeks, £39,520 3s 9d. Corresponding week in 1S83 : — Mile3open, 1356 ; total receipts for the week, £40,819 7s 3d ; aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,373,055 Is 8d ; weekly average 3S weeks, £36,133 0s 7d. Caution to Miners. — We have received a copy of the following circular let'ei sent by the Department of Mines and Water Supply to the various inspectors of miaes, for distribution among the managers of mining companies throughout the colony : — "Sir, — It has been brought under the notice of this department that in many instances, at mines, the engine- drivers in lowering or raisuig meu only give the engine a stroke by hand, and then throw it into gear. It has been suggested that if drivers would control their engines by hand when men aro abou' to be lonered in cages, until the cage has travelled a greater distance in the shaft than that between the hraco and poppet heads, then, in the event of the engine being wrongly started, the cage would not be moving at any great speed, and might, be readily stopped before arriving at the poppet-heads. The inspector.-, of mines are agreed that, by tho adoption of this practice, drivers would have greater con trul over their engines, and that there would consequently be fewer instances of overwinding. 1 am therefore directed by the honorable the Minister of Mines to ask that, in tlio interests of the mining community, your company will bo so good as to take steps to give effect to the above suggestion. — I have, &c.; , C. W. Langtbee, Acting Secretary for Mines an.: -Vater Supply." The Wodonga Post office. —The ten der cf J. W. Storey for alterations and additions to the Wodonga Post-ofiice, for the sum of £348, has been accepted. The Late Sir Charles Sladen. — Probate was on Thursday granted to the will of the late Sir Charles Sladen ; the value of the estate being sworn at £35,000. A Well-kept Vineyard and Garden. — We the other day, by invitation, paid a visit to tbe vineyard and garden belonging to Mr H. Bartels, situated at Newtown. There are two and three quarters acres under vines, and tho ground is kept loose, well manured and free from weeds ; but in spite of the care and attention bestowed upon the vineyard, tho yield is not, owing to tbe season, equal to that of last year — Mr Bartels estimating that he will only be able to produce some 300 gallons of wine, as against 400 gallons last year. The cellar is a compact stouo one, with a lever press overhead and all the appliances for winemaking, and since Sir Bartels pur chased the property from its former owner, Mr Alpers, he has effected considerable improvements, estimated at £500, in cluding a substantial weatherboard house. In addition to the wine made, the vine yard is also a source of profit, in the growth of table grapes, for which there is a large demand — £-13 worth having been sold by Mr Bartels last season, mostly to private persona, who called with their baskets and took them away. It is not only in the vineyard that the care and industry is shown; but tbe garden, which is formed in another portion of the ground, ia a model of thrifty and persever ing labor. When Mr Bartels first purchased the land, in what is now the garden there was in some places nothing but the barren granite rock cropping up on the surface ; and by many men this would have been abandoned as useless, but not so with Mr Bartels, who set to work and carted upon the rock loads of rubbish from the town, upon which was placed eaith and manure, iu which was sown pumpkin, vegetable marrow and melon seeds, which look root and have produced some very fine vegetables, of which In tho extensive garden there are a very large number of different kinds, of first-class quality. Beechworth Police Court.— At this court on Thursday, before Messrs George Gammon and Wm McCurdy, J.P.'s, A. W. Foster sued Walter Veitch for tbe sum of £1 18 6d, due for goods sold. An order was made for the amount, with 5s costs. Hanlan in Sydney. — At a meeting of gentlemen identified with aquatics, held at the Oxford Hotel, Sydney, on Wednesday night, a match with Hanlan was arranged for £1000, to be rowed over tho Nepean River course on the 22nd May. Mr Hunt will nominate bis man in tho course of a few days, who will be either Trickett or Beach. Mr Hunt subsequently intimated that lie was prepared to make another match for £1000, to name the competitors after the race now decided upon, says the " Age." Mr Greenwell immediately said he would accept the challenge if the gate money could be arranged. Hanlan is going to give his first exhibition of rowing on Manly Beach this (Saturday) afternoon.' The Salvation Army. — The Salvation ists continue to conduct well-attended services i:i the Oddfellows' Hall, Beech worth. Captain and Mrs Phillip3 and MissAkehurst left for Melbourne onThurs: day morning, to be present at a Salvation Army wedding the same night ; and they have been succeeded at Beechworth by I Captain and Mrs Dean, from Ballarat, and | Captain Birkenshire, from London, who conducted a " holiness" meeting on Friday evening, and to night (Saturday) a " free aud easy" will bo held. Four services similar to those held on the two previous Sundays will be conducted to-morrow. The Late Dit Unswortji. — T.'re Curator of the Estates of Deceased Persons has obtained a rule to administer tho estate of the late Dr Francis ' H. Unsworth, who recently died at Beechworth ; the amount being proved at £55. Autumn and Winter Drapery. — Mr J. P. Wilson, draper, of Camp-street, Beechworth, in our business columns, directs attention of the public to his new and extensive stock of autuinu aud winter goods. Departure of the Mail. — The R.M.S. Mirzapore left the Williamstown railway pier, for London, on Thursday afternoon, with a fnll passenger-list, a large cargo, and treasure amounting to £135,699 9s 5d. Proposed Reduction of Telegraphic Charges — A large and influential deputa tion waited upon the Postmaster-General on Wednesday, for the purpose of ur«in« upon the attention of the Governmenfthe desirability of a reduction being made in the charges now made for telegraphic mes sages sent throughout Victoria. Mr Kerry, we learn from the " Argus," said theobject had his full and hearty sympathy, and if it were not for the fact that lie occupied a position in the present Ministry, lie would und»ubtcdly have formed one ot this de putation, with the view of having the tele graphic charges reduced. But there were other matters which des t v-i consideration beyond those of his personal f. -Mings. He was certainly not inn p isi i.ni to refuse compliance with the request but before he could fully deal with the question he would require to obtain further informa tion on the point at issue. It was neces sary that lie should obtain the opinions of the responsible officers of the department before he could hope to be able to give a fair decision in the matter. The deputa tion only looked at the matter from one point of view, out he was constrained to look at it in tho interest, and as the repre sentative, of the public. He had learnt, oil consulting one of the responsible offi cers of the department, ihat through the charges having been reduced from 2s to Is the average income had been increased by llf per cent., while tile annual expen diture had been increased by 28f percent. This was a very remarkable fact. His duty was to see that the imposts were fair and equitable, and lie hoped that lie would be enabled to do his duty to the country, and at Ihe same time comply with the request, of the deputation. He was not able to give a definite answer at that point as to whether he would be able to make the concession or not, but lie could assure them that he fully sympathised with them, and hoped to he able to comply with their request at au early date. He would do whatever he could in tho direction indi cated, but lie would have to be guided in a great measure by the Treasurer aud the other members of the Government. As a matter of fact, the department could not d i five times as much busiuess as was now transacted, and therefore it would be found a more serious evil to have more business on hand than could ba transacted, than to limit the extent of the business by an excessive cliargo. In conclusion ho assured the deputation that he was thoroughly in accord with the movement, and would do his utmost to secure the concession they desired. Discovery of Rich Iron Ore. — The YVeddevbnrn correspondent of the " Age" reports : — A discovery of an extensive bed of rich ironstone ore has been made about four miles to the north-west of Wedder- burn, by Mr James M. Sinclair, of South Wychitelln. The locality of the discovery is in forest country, near the margin of the malice scrub. Some of the ore lia3 been submitted to Mr 11. Brough Smyth, of the School of Mines, Sandhurst, by Mr Sinclair, for inspection, and Mr Smyth has reported as follows : — " It is brown hematite, compact, and of excellent quality. It contains over 59 per cent, of iron. This ore is largely mined in America, aud is one of the most valuable ores of iron." Mr Sinclair reported his discovery to the mining registrar on thursday, and applied for a lease of 1000 acres of the land. Some Melbourne capitalists whom Mr Sinclair acquainted, with his discovery are ready to join him iu the formation of a company to work the lode. The Chief Justice. — It is almost certain that on Sir William Sta well assuming office as Acting Governor, he will temporarily retire from the Supreme G'eurt, as he did in 1875 whan he previously administered the Government of the colony during the ab sence of Sir George Howen in England upon leave, stales the "Herald." Some specu- laiion is taking place in legal circles as to the arrangements which will be made for supplying his Honor's placeJn the Supreme Court, pending the arrival of the new Gov ernor. It is thought likely that his Honor Mr Ju-ticc Moleswoith, as senior puisne judge, will be appointed Acting Chief Jus tice, that Mr Justice Holroyd wjll take the Equity business, and that some member of ihe bar will he temporarily ele.Aated to the Bnt.choo tin cmnmonlawside. Tkeselecton of a temporary judgs would he made from barristersjlike Mr Webb, Q.C., DrMaddeD, Mr Hodges, Mr a' Beckett, aid Mr Box. It is also thought that one of the County Court judges — Mr Moles worth, for example might be temporarily transferred to the Supreme Court Rencli. The Deputation Nuisance. — The practice of receiving deputations in sup port of special grants, which in the past assumed large dimensions; and engaged a considerable portion of the time of the Minister of Public Works, has been dis continued, and in future (says the "Telegraph") such applications must be made by letter; and will receive! due attention. , , .i " Rocky Mountain Gold sluicing Com pany. — At a meeting of the -directors of the Rocky Mountain Extended Gold- sluicing Company, Beechworth, on Thurs day evening, the annual meeting of share holders was appointed to be held on Tuesday, 22rid April, when the directors' and the mining manager's reports will be submitted ; and among the other business will bo the calling of an extraordinary meeting, to authorise the directors to borrow a sum of money required for the purchase from Kelly aud party of water for working the claim. An Interesting Event. — A very un usual incident is reported by the "Daily Telegraph" to have' occurred on Thurs day. Whilst the mail train, which had been delayed through accident at Sunbury station, was awaiting fielp from Melbourne, Mrs Gummings, wife of Constable Cumminga, of Riddell's Creek, who was a passenger in the train, gave birth to a child in one of the carriages. Every attention was shown Mrs Com- mings. The Accident to Ma Trudgeon. — Mr John Trudgeon, of Hurdle Flat, writes to state that he met with the accident re corded in our last issue on the 1st inst., not on the 22nd, and that it was hig root, not the leg, that was crushed. Under Dr Skinner's treatment, he is progressing very I favorably, A Mismanaged Claim.— -What appears to have been a grave irregularity in tli«- management of a mine was brought to light on Thursday at a meeting of the South Mascotto Gold-ruining Company. It seems that operations have for some time been at a standstill, and from the proceedings at the meeting on Thursday, says the " Telegraph," it transpired thai, the promoters of tbe company originally received a number of shares gratis, while the shareholders purchased in tbe ordinary wny, but owing to unfavorable news from tho Dark River country the promoter. sold out their free shares at half-price, and the scrip held by the shareholders was rendered comparatively valueless. It als- appears ihat the manager took bills for shares, two of which were dishonored, while many of the purchasers, seeing tin- unfavorable condition of matters, declined to fulfil their promises. Tbe directors neglected to call the shareholders together all this time, and allowed things to go on until the mine came to a stands' ill. The directors and manager were condemned by the meeting for their action in tire matter, and one of the shareholders characterised the whole affair as a swindle. Tire ch firman admitted that the directors had acted unwisely in not calling the -hareholders together before, but main tained that the mistake was merely through error of judgment. It was ultimately decided to adjourn the meet ing till the 9th prox. in order to allow i.f 1 the preparation of a balance-sheet setting forth the exact position of lire company. Salvation Akmy Services. — The " Sydney Mail" of 22nd inst. snvs : — " L'ho Salvation Army has opened a 'barracks' at Newtown in ' the name nf the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and of General William Booth.' If there is such a thing as blasphemy, thi< looks uncommonly like it. This ' army may lie attempting to do good work, red in (he best way known to its members. For any success in the reformation of bad men all right-minded persons will be thankful, but the doings of the ' army' must lie heavily discounted by such proceedings as these. .Enough and to spare of lapsed men and women, and of boys and girls mo are to be met with. It is dismal to ihink of young persons drinking in public houses and perambulating unfrequented places late at night. Whoever can lay kindly hands on them and lift them out ol the mire should be cheered. But what i> the_ difference between tambourines and !heir accompaniments of aRimal excite ment in a taproom and the same thing in a ' barraclr,room ? The ab- ; urdest and worst things may be done in ,he name of religion, but are they religious any the 'more for that ? It is possible to show that all churches en cumber themselves with a great deal o! trapping in ritual and belief that could be laid aside with advantage. But as a rule it is always decorous surplusage The ' army' adds surplusage that is no' decorous and that will distress sensiSi.- people willing to be its friends. Ucon the sympathy of such friends, much mm-.- than upon a chance crowd gathered by eccentric and profane an'ics, the per mmency and usefulness of these new reformers will rest." New Remedies in Children's Com plaints. — A writer in the " Luieel" relates a rapid cure of erysipelas in a child, su iervetiing on n burn. He pU> a thick coating of wbite lead paint over tho entire 'oreami, back and front, enveloped the limb in cotton wool, nod ordered one dram of tincture of perch lo-ide of iron in divided doses throughout the day. Next day h>- found the child sitting up ; the temper ature was 97, pulse S4, tke tongue clenn ; about half an hour after painting; the pain left him, and on waking called for fond. Another interesting case is that reported by Ringk, at Berlin— that of the treatment of whooning-cougb wiHt turpentine, with astonishing resu-ts. The patient was a little girl 3J years old, and 'atal issue imminent. Dr llingk prescribed ol. tere binth 10 grains; syr, althsooe, 80 grains ; a tablespo nful every threo hours. The next day, wheu he saw the child, he eonld hardly helieve Lis eyes— she was sitting up in bjd, with a great slice of bread -and butter is hand, which she was evidently enjoying. The cough hud totally disap peared and no evil results followed. Damages for Seduction.— In the Su- preme Court,- Sydney, on Thursday, the action Gibbes v Kentwell was concluded, before Sir George Innes and a jury of four. Tbe plaintiff, a chemist in Burwosd, sued 'he defendant, who is a clerk to an iron- monger at Parramatta, to recover £1000 damages for seduction of his step-daughter, Con-stance Randall. The evidence for the plain i iff, reports the " Telegraph," was to the effect that the defendant tad courted tho young lady, and taken advantage of her affections for him to seduce her. The defence was a denial of immoral intercourse and, further, that Miss Randall was a young woman of unchaste habits. The jury returned a verdict for plaintiff, damages £300. The Prettiest Girl in Europe. — Miss Chamberlain has the reputation of being the prettiest girl in Europe, and to that she now adds what is the still more imposing reputation of being one of the greatest heiresses of America. Her beauty is known to all the world, and it did not require a visit either to Mentone or to Riviera daring the last two or three years to have seen it ; for, although her portraits had been studiously kept out of the shop windows, drawings of her were published in more than one illustrated journal. From the first she took the fashionable world by storm, and when tbe Prince of Wales yielded her his homage her conquestwas complete, andher fame is as wide in certain directions as that of Mrs Langtry. And now her uncle, Mr Wormsley, has joined the majority and bequeathed her a fortune of £800,000. An Important Decision. —A very im portant decision was given by Mr Thom son, P.M.,- in the Ballarat City Police Court on Friday morning, reports the " Herald." Two publicans were proceeded against for Sunday trading. The defence wa3 that the drink sold was ginger ale, and did not come within the prohibited spirituous or malt drinks specified in the Act. The police, having failed to prove that the liquor dispensed was not an mrated beverage, the magistrates held that the Act did not prevent its sale on Sunday in an hotel,. The Brighton SnooiiNG Affair.— From the " Argus" we learn that Mr Hawthorn, who was shot at Brighton last Saturday, was in such a critical state on Thursday night that Dr O'Hara decided to amputate at the shoulder- joint. Dr Cooke' ©f Prahran, assisted, and the operation was a complete success. The charge of shot, which had lodged in the shouider, was removed with the joint, and a marble was also found in the wouud. Hawthorn is very weak from the shock, but has still got a chance of recovery. Messrs Kekferd and Gillies, — These lion, gentlemen arrived la Melbourne, by aXp"r6S3 train from Sydney, on Friday. They appeared to be in good health, and were met at Spencer street station by the Premier. The Tangambalanga Estate. — We learn that Mr W. Street, through Mr Dougharty, has sold the Tangambalanga estate, Little River, to Mr Thos. Reidy, of Wodonga, at £4 10s per acre. The stock was purchased at a valuation. The Albury Iron Foundry. — A meet ing of the shareholders in the Albury Iron Foundry Company took place on the evening of the 20th inst., at Day's Com mercial-buildings. There was a good attendance, and Mr D. Abercrembie oc cupied the chair. The principal business before the meeting was the election of directors, which resulted in the appoint ment of Messrs Abercrombie, Billson, Chant, A. Frew. L. Gulson and T. Ryan. We (" Banner") are glad to learn that tin- affairs of the company are in a high!) -satisfactory position. The wages sheet now amounts to over £40 a week, and the whole of the men are fully employed, whilst new work is coming in every day from all parts of ihe district. The orders with which the conpany have been favored include the manufacture and repair of all sorts of mining and agricultural machinery and the manner in which the work is turned out leaves very little to be desired. The foundry, in short, has now fully proved the need of such an industry, and we fully anticipate that its establishment will prove a profitable undertaking to the shareholders. As above stated, the orders to hand are already sufficient to keep the present staff fully employed, and there is every reason to believe that before long the number of workmon will have to b> increased in order to meet the require meats of a growing business. Oddfellowsiiip. — We (" Ensign") learn that it is the intention of several of the fraternity to open a lodge of the Inde pendent Order of Oddfellows in Rertalla shortly. It is stated that this movement «ill be followed by the secession of a number ol members at present identified with the Manchester Unity. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Benalla Lodge of Oddfellows was hold on Wednes- lay eveuitig. There was a good attendant of the brotherhood Two new members were initiated, and four candidates pro posed for membership. Among other general business transacted it was decided that the lodge take part in the procession in connection with the Easter Monday fete, on the condition that the various other bodies agree to their positions in tho procession being as signed by lot. A pretty gold star pur chased by private subscription for presen tation to Bro. Clias. Oakley (now N.G. of the Myrtleford Lodge), in considera tion of hisexertions in obtaining now mem bers, was received from Melbourne. It was decided to forward the souvenir to Bro. Oakley, together with the compli ments of the lodge. Accident to Mr John Lord.— A sc ions accident happened on Wednesdy even ing to Mr John Lord of the Rutherglen Hotel, Rutherglen, says the " News." While- serving behind the bar he accidently fell down the trap door into the cellar, breaking two of his ribs and splintering a third. Under the able care of Dr Lough rey the invalid is progressing favorably. Death from Sunstroke. — A little boy named Daniels was seized with a sunstroke on Tuesday last, at Wahgunyah. Dr Louglirey was at once cdled in, bat in spite of his efforts the child died the same night at about nine o clock, the "News" states The father was at Goonambil (35 miles away) at the time, but Mr Win. Beard at once mounted and rode out to fetch him. The funeral took place on Wednesday at the private cemetery of the Foord family. Albury Police Court. On Friday, before H. M. Keightley, P. M-, George D'Abel was summoned by the Albury Borough Council for breach of the Nuisance Prevention Act, 1875. Defen dant pleaded guilty. Mr Nagle appeared on behalf of the Borough Council, and informed the bench that this was a case in which the defendant had neglected to give the town-clerk the usual seven days' notice of his intention to build a closet on his premises. Defendant was fined 10s, and 23s 6d costs. John Thomson was also charged with a breach of the Nuisance Prevention Act. Mr Nagle appeared for the council. Defendant was charged with that, being the owner of three tenements in Kiewa-street, occupied by three se parate families, he had only erected one closet, instead of three. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 20s, with 23s 6d costs. A transfer of a publican's license for the Mill Hotel, Jindera, from August Harbrick to William Bennett, was granted. Remarkable Anniversaries . — I'he present years will bring the recurrence of a number of centennial anniversaries which seem worthy of mention, remarks the 'Methodist." Twenty-fifth of January is tbe two-hundredth anniversary of the birthday of Edward Young, the poet of "Night Thoughts." On the 2lthofFeb- ruary, two hundred years ago, George Friedrich Handel, the Composer, whose body lies in Westminster Abbey, was born at Halle, in Germany. Samuel Johnson died on 13th September, one hundred years ago ; and 20th October is the centennial an niversary ot Lord Henry John Palmerston's birthday. Three centuries ago, on 10th July, William of Orange, the liberator of the Protestant Netherlands, was assossina- teb. Jerome Bonaparte, King of Westpha- ali, and the musical composers Auber and pSon'ini were born one hundred years ago; while the same year saw the death of Di derot, the great French "encyciopscdist." On 31st December, 1384, John Wicliffe died. Revision of the Old Testament.— It would seem (remarks the " St James's Gazette") that the revised version of the Old Testament is likely to be put out in less than six months. Once the great work has been completed, may one be per mitted to hope for a revised Bible minus the marginal notes Indispensable as these are from the scholar's point, of view, to the general reader they present a serious draw back of constant interruptions. Many persons, indeed, may have been reminded by them of Macauly's criticism on a a famous edition of Boswell's " Life of Johnson" — "Mr Croker perpetually stop ping us in our progress through the most delightful narrative in the language to ob serve " — what is not always worth observ ing. Six stoppages, for instance, oecur in the parable of the Prodigal Son — one for the sake of informing us that the "husks" eaten by the swine were the pods of the carob tree, and another, to remiud us that "servants" might be also translated " bond-servants." Doubtless it should not be forgotten that the conditions of do mestic service in ancient Palestine were dissimilar from those which obtain in modern England ; but it is surely a little tiring to be reminded of the fact at least 26 times in the Gospel of St. Luke alone. It may be answered that no cne is oblioed to refer to the cotes, but the truth is that the eye involuntarily turns aside on being, as.one may say, requested to. do bo. Gompte's is not exact ly a name of authority ' ' ' -J, in a question of this sort ; but the founder of the sect of Positivists knew what h6 was about when he enjoined his followers to read the masterpieces ef human elo- quence in editions without notes. It i- im possible io eujoy any book with a man pulling your sleeve every ten seconds tc isk if you are quite sure you understand ifc. 