A STORMY WEDDING CHAPTER XVIII. — (Contdtubd). Had Bath's mind not been so painfully pre occupied she would have found amusament in the scene before her — in the ambitious leaps of the men, the wiggle of the girls, and the eccentrici ties of one youth, who danced vigourously upon one foot while he held the other out before him and contemplated it admiringly. Curious glances continued to be cast upon tlie young- musician by the girls as they danced or Eat. One blue-eyed maiden darted looks of ehy pity. A red- cheeked, raven-haired fcoiden — the neighbourhood belle — opened a pert attack upon the Deer Lick party when they came back from eating supper. ♦Couldn't yon find a homely man to hang?' Bhe said. 'It's a shame to. swing that pretty fellow, -when there's so many ugly gawks around.' * He'll hang all the sooner for your praises/ Ban Shaler answered, grimly. * You women are all alike — all ready to die over a bandbox scamp, like that one yonder, and to turn up your noses at men with tough hands, that can work and fight for you/ I .Ruth read no favour in the faces of her captors. Afl Bhe watched the moments go — marked on the dial, of the tall, old-fashioned clock on the mantel piece ; and still Castleton did not come, she said to hut-self * Al the last moment I will go to one of these women — that blue-eyed girl, or the gray-haired matron yoiider — aud tell them that I, too, sma. a 'woman ; a woman in distress, sorely needing help and protection/ But- a doubt had come to her (a doubt that deepened each moment) whether this avowal would shield her. These women were shallow and unreiiued. 'Would not the coarse sympathy some of them expressed lor her as a man change at once to scorn and distrust when they knew her Bex ? A woman gambler and horse-thief ! A woman disgruiaed as a man ! What object more Bure to excite suspicion and aversion ? Would they not turn from her in horror and give her up to these wild men as a creature who had for feited her claims to the sympathy of her sister hood ? The fear grew within ber when at length the blue-eyed girl went an1 ay, and the matron v.as heard to say., as she mopijad her slick toothbrush in a snuff-bux that was passed around a corner circle of * dippers :' * Yes, I knewof a woman tramp-thisf inCar'lina, where I was raised. She stole some clothes off Sol Jones — our neighbour's — fence. They sent her to the penitentiary for two years. They ought to sent her for five or tea. Women thieves is worse than men. And they are allurs brazen, no account trollops/ There was still the hope that her champion would return in time with the man who could prove her innocence. Even this hone was dashed wjth dread. She shrank from being recognised by Castieton. As yet he had not suspected that she was not what she seemed. The uncertain light, the boy's dress, the voice, hoarse and unna tural with terror and escitement, had effectually concealed the identity of the boy-prisoner of the lyncbers with Euth Harland, whom Castleton eupposed was safe within the walls of t'he con vent. But with the light of all these candles — home- made, of yellow wax and deer tallow — flaring- upon her features and her fanciful dress, would he not be sure to know her ? And what would he think of her ? But, eo precious is life, even this consideration Bank out of eight in the increasing dread that Castleton would not come in time — that she would be left to the mercy of her captors. She had kept on playing the gay Virginia reels her father had taught her in the dear old days of childhood ; but the playing now grew mechanical — tha whirling figures eeeraed weird shapes en gaged in eome wild orgy. The laughter, the jesting, the curious or malignant looks directed to her. seemed parts of some wild, supernatural play shifting and changing around her, and soon to dissolve at the 6ound of a signal — the utter ance of two fateful syllables by yonder tall shape over the fireplace — the clock that seemed to her excited fancy a clock no longer, but the calm faced, inexorable impersonation of doom ! Ten minutes to two ! The Deer Lick party sauntered up. They looked at her as hounds look at the fox soon to be loosed from the trap that they may fall upon him. They had beeyi drink ing- rreely during the last half-hour. Their eyes were blood-shot, their looks savage. TJbtay were ripe for the deed they contemplated. Tkey bad found boon companions to inflame their purpose and laugh to scorn any doubt of the priuoner's guilt. ' Time soon be up, Mr. Horse-lifter,' said D.in Shaler, in the coarse, broken accents of a near'iy druken man. ' You've fiddled for 'the gals, now you're to dance for us/ The others laughed at the ghastly joke ; the prisoner did not heed it. The calmness of despair had come over her. Some strange exaltation of 'reeling: buoyed her above tear or shame. Once more she drew the bow across the violin, but this time the music was for none of those around her. It was an expression of her own strange mental state.- The notes of a fantasia, weird, and melancholy, and wildly sweet — parb a memory and part an improvisation — filled the room, and awed even the rough men into silence. They stood around in wonder, looking at her and listening to the strange melody. For herself ehe saw nothing except that symbol of doom on the mantelpiece. Her eyes were fixed on the ever-moving hands — the swaying pendulum. She did not see a tall form standing at the door, a face pale as her own, and dark eyes that gazed at her with amazement, and pain, and pity in their look. She did not hear a voice in the passage that exclaimed : ' Where's the fellow ? Show him to me ; I can tell if he's the right one quick as a owl can wink. I'm ready to drop, I am — jest a burnin* and a Bhakin' with fever — but that fellow there wouldn't let me alone. He soused a bucket er water' on my head, and brought me to my senses; He pulled me up and swore I had to come, for they was about to swing the wrong chap. Wall, here I am — trot out your man.' ' A tall, lanky figure staggered into the door way. The crowd was intent and silent. One of the Deer Lick men came and took young Baker' by the shoulder, and, drawing him into the room, pointed out the prisoner, who had now almost ceased to play, for the clock, upon which her ayes Beemed fastened as by a spell, waa now close upon the stroke of two. * That chap ? That the fellow' you was a-goin* to lynch ?' cried Baker, with an emphasis that shook his fever-smitten frame. ' Great Jeremiah ! thatf s no more like the fellow that stole Cap'n Kidd than I'm like the Angel Gabr'ol !' At the same instant the clock began to strike, Euth sprang to her feet; she Btaxed: wildly around till her eyes fell upon Castleton. She made an effort to speak, but darkness-gathered round her, the violin fell from her hand, and she dropped back in her chair, insensible. ?;' ,s ' ' -?.-.;?.?.-.?, . OUAPTEF. YTX. ???'. ;,,4/-. ?/?. ACHiOOltr tAKTING — EUTH AEEIVBS AX WITCH LAKH. that pressed around the fainting girl. He lifted her in his arms. ' Make way ! Let 'him have fresh air/ he said. He carried her out on the porch and sat down on the low step. The moon shone on his pale burden. He reached up and broke a spray of the vine that grew upon the porch, and sprinkled its dew over her face. She stirred, gasped, drew a fluttering eigh-like bieath, and opened her eyes. She saw who was bending over her, who supported her. She raised herself from his arms and started to her feet, with the impulse, it seemed, to fly from bis presence. But a lingering dizziness made her stagger and cling to him involuntarily as he put himself beside her. He drew her arm ?within his. ' We will' walk a little vray in the cool air ; it will revive you/ he said. He turned to the cm-ions, staring bystanders. ' My friends, Jet this poor youth be quiet awhile. He has suffered from an unjust suspicion. It has made him ill ; s^ive him tiine to recover. We will return presently/ In a corner of the large yard there was a bench underneath a spreading tree. He-seated Euth upon it and sat down des:':de her. A clump of shrubbery hid them from itbose on the porch. There was silence between ?(Jaem. ' What must he think of m e ?' was the thought ' that went burning through jche girL She trem bled, and a dry sob escaped h*;r. His face changed ijrom its marble sadness. Pity broke up its stern lines. Dear Euth, do rot *be distressed ; confide in me/ he said, leaning nearer and laying his hand oh her arm. Her watchful pride istarted By on the defen sive. ' How dare you, a strai iger, to speak to me like tbut?' she said, turnins: upon him. 'l)o not imagine because you Bee me — unfortunate, that you can treat me other tha n with respect !' He understood her feelia-g. He comprehended why, placed as she was, lier pride would be sensibly aiive. He ans wenixi sentlv : 'Pardon me. It was an inadvertent wrong. I spoke familiarly, because a sympathetic impulse made me forget for the moment that we were strangers to each other. I knew your father well ; we vrere friends when you were a child. Tcu and I were friends., too, in those past dcys. You have forgotten mo ; I have changed greatly, but you i-:ive not; anc! juetnow I i bought -of you as the child Euth. I. mtsint no presumption, believe nit' *' I do believe yon/ cried 5uth. The sincere sad tones carried self reproach- to her generous heart. ' I seem fated to show you ingratitude in return for kindness. I did it bei e r/s, » nd now ? . For give me, I am so troubled, .1 ? . But you can not understand ; I must teii1 you all/ * Kot unless you wish. Ciily let me know how I can help you/ 'But I do wish to tell all — to explain. ' Only,' she pauss-d, feeling all iier frame tingle with shame. ' Only it is so hum iliating ; you will think me so we&k;, for ? ' she siopped and added,' with a nerv«us laugh a; id bun. ing cheeks: ' when you saw me first I was; running away to marry, now I have run away to keep from marry ing/ ' But the man is not 'the samve ?' ' Yi-a, the same. The man I thanked you for delivering me from a short six months ago. You wonder at such inconsistency ; jou feel a con tempt for such weakness. I, to o, feel a contempt for it. I thought myself strong -?!?; but oh ! how little we know ourselves. How ? far we are f n -m foreseeing how circumstances .may change us, may toree us to do something ib& t afterward does not seem to us that it could ha.v-i been our own act.' iter companion stilled a groai i as he turaed his agitated face away. Her wori s had touched a deep, fresh wound she knew not of. when he turned to her agg in, she had begun to teil briefly how she came to- be an inmate of the house at Cypress Bend, and what h&d; hap pened to her since she had been there. He lis tened attentively. Once or twice his brow con tracted and hie eyes flashed. When ehe had ended, he muttered u- himself : ' I felt from the first that sh e had a hand in this/ Then he said to Euth : ' I cannot be sure, but I believo inhere has been a plot to force you into a marriage with De Cafetro. Everything points to it. His being at sueh an isolated place, you being deluded into coming there, Mrs. Harland'a failure to join you as she promised. And you sjse now on your way to Witeh Lake where she is ? Is that wise ?' * I shall stay but a, little wiile/ ' Why go there at all ?' JEuth hesitated. 'It is a question of filthy 'luchre/ she Eaid, at last, with a touch of her liatural playfulness. ' One must not encounter that terrible Gorgon — the world, without the charm or the silver six pence. My uncle was my guardian. I go to Witch Lake to find if I have a, silver sixpence lert of my smell patrimony/ ' And if you have not ?' * Still I Shall leave Wi't-h Lake. I have money tnough to take me back, to the convent. The si\\*ters will give me isoniethiiig- to do in the ttc&ool;, or find me a place that will answer for awhile/ 32,3 was silent, seeming to be ia. deep thought over some perplexing problem. Hp .looked up suddenly. 'JSrt'iy'0Ilwan* to go there— to your aunt's— to-ni§;iit?' ? Y«l8, at once — if I might — but now — I have no way1.* ' r wi\S see that you have a way, if you feel strong eiwigb. to travel/ * I am qwte welL I wouldlike to go on it if it is possible. You do not think there is any fur ther dangei* 1'or me on the road ? * ' You must nob risk it. I will go with you ; my journey lies that way. I will have you a horse ready at once, since it is your wish to go on. Have you any .preparation to make ? Is there anything you ne& d that the woman of this house here might f urmiih ? ' She saw that &e; glanced at her dress, and blushing she ans\f\ered hurriedly, 'I' will change t^iis fanciful garb ; I have brought the means.v.ith me in a little valise that is strapped to the sadtile of the horee I rode/ 'I must see to it ati^nce, before, these, men take the hor-segsway- with'^iem. Will, you go with me back to the npuse P I think the merrymakers are leaving. The motl^or of . the family here is said to be a good-he&r;≪ woman. I will take you to her and let her know your situation in part. I think she will believe what. I say, and treat youMndly. They walked on to the liaise, where they found the company fast dispersing^ The Beer Lick party «rere on. the point of' -.Tiding, away, when Casdeton came up and claimed the travelling case. They insisted on dismounting and«hating hands with their ex-prisoner artd her deliverer. Their, movements were unsteady;, , , and ? !- their tongues thick and Btammerid^, bnt they managed to express their regretl|ifor the 'little mistake' and their assurances :that they bore .no, ;jp-iidi-e against the two.^^To ^ja^ra vife- ;.they: wanted to drink to their epopL luck, ^aid deplored ifoe mwtortune of the bottle being «djipty. . ? , Castleton asked t^fie^%^|^jl|^j^|lheJbpaeei' and /he and Euth, eondncteii.by.the i^cUeheeked '? bellOf^wlip hadi expressed ^citadxairatfiVn for -the. 'h&ndsoine; 'fiasll^p*' --mfii&^witiirp: ^nl^-i^caii^le,, ?V.VX' .:-:/£;4^'£!w-ir- ?-:.?: '.-???, ?? ' '??? '?. ?.-.?? -i- shed-room, where a large bundle of purple calico, lying on the bed, was vehemently shaken \\-v Miss Eedcheeks, with the appeal : ' Marm, wake up, do ]' Three other females, one with a baby in her arms, lay across the bed, fast asleep in their party clothes ; and a pallet in one corner of the room was piled with children of various sizes. The old Tady addressed as ' marm' was finally roused by the shaking she received, and sat up smoothing her hair with her hand and staring at the intruders, until the girl explained that 'the gentleman wanted to speak to her in private. ' You take yourself out, then Maria. Sir, I am ready to listen/ said the fat moter-familias ; while the daughter of the house retreated just outside the door, where she and her companions listened and peeped industriously. When Castleton began to speak, his quietly earnest tone and deferential manner at once im pressed his listener. /Madam,' he said, ' I beg to commend to vour kindness my companion here, who is not, as' you suppose, a boy, bjit a young girl, every wav worthy of your tindness, the daughter of one o'f the best men that ever breathed, but who is un fortunately an orphan, with no protector, and with false friends about her. Because of the treachery of these, she has been forced to-night to quit seeretely where she has been staying. She escaped in this boy's dress, which she put on to shield her from possible insult in her night ride. She will change it now ior her own garments^ v, hich she has with her, asd continue htr journey under my care. Will you kindly heit» her to get ready, aud give her a cup of coⅇ and a biscuit, while I see your husband about getting a horse to ta,;e her to her journey's end ? It is onlv to the river at Witch Lake— a place you may know ot. She has — relations there/ The fat lady was thrown into too great a flut ter of amazement to answer immediately. When she did speak, it was to say that she would do ail she could to help the young lady, and to fol low up this assurance with ejaculations and questions, from which Castleton escaped to try uis diplomacy upon the host. He succeeded in hiring a pony for Euth, with the understanding that it was to be sent back the next day. When Castieton again presented hiaieelf at the door of the liit-le shed-room, he found the na.\e, disheveled boy Transformed into an animated' blushing girl. She stood suirouncied hy lh/ wondt-ring, admijiug country girls — a slim, graceful figure, habited in the dark woollen dress and riding-skirt she had brought. ^Have you had your coffee ?? Castleton asked. ' Yes j and here is yoars waiting for you/ ' Never mind any for me/ ' O .i, but ^oa will need it. Let me be your cup oearer. She stepped to the table and took up the cud with its steaming contens — rich, , bio wn, and clear ;_ a drinii fit for a sultan, though served m blue delf. He noted neither cup nor contents. He was looking at Euth as she offered it to Mm with kerfranK grace. Hebe wa.s not a fairer cuD-bearer/ he thought, his face lighting as her smile touched him wita its sunshine. He looked at her still as he held the cup in his hand. Then the shadow darkened - over his Jace, deepened into paic ; and he gave the cup back again, with its contents hardly more than tasted. ' How sad he looks/ thought Euth, 'sadder than when I saw him that night. But now hie eyes are like old friends. I seem to have known them all tny life. I have kept their look in my memory, if I have retained no other remembrance of the days when, as he says, we were friends/ It was half-past 3 o'clock when they mounted their horses, and said good-bye to to the group of interested spectators who gazed after them until they were out of sight. Euth shuddered as she came to the scene of h«r late adventure, and saw upon the ground the rope that had encircled her neck— the rope Castleton had cut. ' But for you I migfht be swinging to it from one ot these oak Iimb3,' she eaid to her com panion with a nervous laugh. Then she adaed more softly : ' You came, near beins- killed try- i ing to defend me— a horse thief, for aught you knew/ J ' 1'ou did not look like one, and your voice hac the ring of truth/ ? Bu6 to risk your life for a stranger/ 'Sly life! That was nothing, worse thai nothing. Far better lose it so, than—' He broke off abruptly. Euth wondered afc the bitterness of Ma tone. When he spoke a^ain ii was evidently to do away with the impression oi the words that had escaped him involuntarily His taik, as they rode on over moonlit hill and through ehadowy hollow, was ail directed to the end oi cheering the girl and putting her spirits a.t ease. * They rode leisurely. There was no need to hurry. They would reactf Witch Lake by sun rise. Day was breaking when they came to the river swamp. Eeigning in their horses upon the last hill before the road descended into the level bottoms, they looked around. The constellations had withdrawn their glittering cohorts. Only one large, pale star remained faithful to the moon, which clung— wan, lingering ghost— to the mantle of receding night. The east was faintly streaked with rose and amber. Pale wavering wreaths of mist lay on the swampwood^ below. Euth silently contemplated this spectacle of day dawning upon nature in her wild solitudes. Castleton had bared his forehead for the wind to cool it. As Euth turned her head, she saw him -gazing, with vacant jeye, at some far point of the horiaon. The change in him struck her- more forcibly now. It was the change that implies that hope has gone -out of life utterly. His melancholy was now a settled gloom ; his calm ness was the patience of despair. A tired, hag gard look was in his eyes, his beard showed neglect, his lips were fevered ; the fits of gloomy abstraction, which he had shaken off again and again as they rode, told of a mind preoccupied with miserable thoughts. But for the integrity of his look, the nobleness stamped upon his brow, and her own instinctive belief in the genuine ness of these, Euth might have entertained the suspicion that this man was a prey to remorse for some dark deed he had committed. Mystery hung about him. Why was he here in the wilds? Where -was he going? What was the meaning of ths bitter words he had uttered to-night ? All at once, as he -withdrew his eyes from their fixed gaze, they met Euth's look. He read the compassionate questioning of that look. A faint colour came into his face. He had not yet learned to endure pity. They descended into the swamp. Whon they emerged from the gloom of the high- branched freehand gnarled ivies, the. east was glowing with a prophoey of Bunrise. Broad cotton fields lay -before them^ and- a, lane with a worm fence on either side brought them to the river. Here Castleton opened a large 'gate set-in the upper fence, and they passed through it and took thsir way up the river, riding along the steep bank, with tne field on one hand and.tfae dark stream on tha. other, , When ^shey had left the field bv' passing. -through, another gate, the face jofctbe country changed abrnptly. It became high and; broken, full of acclivrfiosaad hollowa. Pine and cedar and Iiv6 : oak took the place of the swamp growth o£ ash and haekberry. A narrow tongue of the hill' viand* seemed *to have thruBfc iteelf ; through ^e^uv^b^^i^aaid brought upat; ? ? ? .? ? ?? ? r. ? - .' ? -' ^ ]'?'.-'' ? ' ? ? ? ? , ' ? Their road now turned again directly from the river and led them back half-a- mile alons this belt of high ground before the mansion of Witch Lake came in sight. Castieton pointed it out — a strange, scarred, old-looking building with vene rable trees about it. 'Here we part/ he said. ' Will you not go on ? Can you not Btop here and rest awhile ? * Euth said. My aunt will be glad to receive you, and thank you for what you have done for me.' The strange expression of his face as she uttered the last sentence puzzled Eutb. She asked, abruptly : ' Do you know my aunt ? ' ' I know Mrs. Harland/ he answered. ' There are reasons why I do not wish to see her now, nor to-have her know that we have met. You look at me doubringly. I do net like to explain my motive to you — to infect you with a suspicion that may throve groundless, but neither do I like to have you distrust me. The truth is/ he went on after a pause, ' I have no eonfidsnee in Selaia Harland. I believe she has been known to, if she had not instigated, the scheme agsinst you. I am sorry you must stop with her even so short a time, but j you shall not be wholly unguarded A watch &bali; secretly be kept on the movements of the people in that house while you are in it. Onc-e 1 might have assisted you openly : but now — . Since I \ saw you that night, Miss Harland, the most hor- I rible fate that can overtake a man has fallen upon me. I brought it on my own head rather. This hand pulled dovm the bolt that has blasted me. ^This — . Enough ! I only meant to tell you that I am not fieo to protect even a dog chat cared for me. But there is one in this place that will watch over you it I a-.k her. She is faithful and keen-witted. She is a woman, an Indian. She lives in a little hut a mile back from the house yonder. Go to see her before you leave here. And if she gives you a package accept what it contains in the spirit of pure friendship in which it will be offered. Farewell ! ilay all good spirits watch over you, all evils ones be foiled by your innocence.' ' Shall we not meet again ?' faltered Euth, moved by the sad patience of his tones : ' Never, I think, this side eternity. Our paths diverge as wide apart as day and night. Yours leads, I trust, into brightness ; mine — . But no m.-ttter. Good-bye, once more/ ' Let us shake bands at parting/ taid Euth. !T0U kave lieen most kiaa t0 mc twice in my life. I ean never forget you/ She held out her hand'to him, smiling faintly, with tears in her eyes. He looked up at the little hand, then at her frank, kind eyes, her fair young face, with the rosy suuri-e upon ic. A passionate longing came into his eyes ; he stretched out his Land, and clasped hers, paiiu to piilin, saying, in a hurried, wild way : 'For this once let it he — this once! You do not shudder now, for you do not know. If we should meet ag.iic, you would not take my hand/ I will take it at any time ; before any one. I feel that it has never been dishonoured. Misfor tune may overshadow you, but not guilt/ He drew his hand away hurriedly. He trembled as though her words ha,d been barbs piercing a naked nerve. He best his head in eiience, turned his horse and rode away, leaving her to look after him in a maze of troubled wonder. (to be continued.) 