TIVOCIII'ISIIIIUHEvoh. " Must you really go, Willio?" r askedi, . "r " " Yes, dear, I must." . "?' " When will you lie home. ' Could you not .wait until -after Christmas; it is bo hear .- noiv, only six days /" ; . . = . . : . V " it is yery.unfortunale ; but I have to fuse : nooni bins uiiHiiicKs nijncir, nn.i Hnaiiii.y anu be home by Christmas Eve. it would 'bo ' rather hard lines to bo away from you and , , Jack on Christmas Day." '--.V The speaker was- my busbandj Villlara, and ho wasnbout to 6tart on n journey of mauy mites. It wan- unavoidable, as lie sald-hfs ' . presence was needed. Of course bo Lcx- tilntnwHt nil to me : but mv 'henrt. wnafnll " of tlio thought thnt ho was going away for a week, which 1 knew, would sccm liko' nn ngo . to mc, mid 1 did not quite understand. ' " Well, I must start by tho next tmln y it will bo duo in an hour./ < ; v 1 . Wo shall go as fiir as tho station aud sco you off," I aa?d, trying to be cheerful, Then J went to make preparations for his sudden journcjT because, sudden it was/ he bad only just received the buHinesa-lottcr that called him away. Everything was soon ready for his dennrture', aud with Jack in his arms, wc started to catch the tram. "Will you be very lonely while I nm away ?" ho asked. » I am nfrald I shall," I replied, - " Ybu must nut bo tlown-hcnrtcd ; a week wiUsooii pass, und ! shall be taome.agaiti. Now take care of Jack !" he said, giving me thnt small personage, as bo gut into tiio carriage. « Gooibbyc, Willie." " Good- bye, Mary," " Gotnl-bye Jack." " A safe journey," I said ; 'land mind you are homo on Christmas Eve," Jack, and I shall be hero to meet you." " Yes, I'll come— nil well," ho nnawcrcd, as the whistle sounded, ami the train rolled out of the station, bearing if human freight. And Jack nod I stood waving a Inst fare well, until it was out of sight; How much meaning lies in that little word, "Guod-hycJ" How ninny hearts have iiehed nt the kouikI of it, ultcjb.l by loving lips tluit . were going nwny as WHlic wns now? Ah.!, we littlo thought how much pain nnd sorrow wc would pass through be fore we met again. We had been married three years, and my husband hnd never been Awny for so long hiMiro. I was so sorry be was obliged to go inn. just within a week of Christmas. I busied myself with the preparations which that joyful season bring to every household ; but still I was down-hearted and lonely, the days seemed to pass so slowly without Willio to speak too. Every morning Jack asked, " Would father come to-day ?" until that long week passed, 'and the morning of Christmas Eve camo. " Yes, ho would to day." I watched the elock anxiously. At length the time drew near that wo might start for the station. I knew wo wcro too soon, but could not wait longer. We reached thero hnlf-an-hour before time. Well, it would not be so long to wait, and wo went and sat down a little way off, where we could see the line for somo distance. . Then 1 noticed a stir among tho pcoplo on the plat form ; a confused buzz of voices ; inch's xnccs tunica pine , a iciriuiu iu»r twizvu me ; something had happened to the train. A roan passed near me. I asked, what was the matter 7 " An accident to tho up-trnin, Ma'am," be answered; "most everyone killed," and he hurried ou. An accident 1 Whoro? Was ho hart 7 were my first thoughts. Then I lenrned that another train was bringing the pcoplo on, as ours was tho nearest town. A crowd was beginning to gather ; and doctors were making preparations for the sufferers. And Jack and I stood watching for tho first glimpse of tho train. Oh! the agony of waiting. .Waiting for what 7 The thought of what the train would bring for mo turned my heart sick with fear. At Inst it made its appearance, and came slowly into tho station, stopping before the . terminus. Taking my boy in my arms I hurried to tbc nearest carriage. Inside was an old man, his hair bleached by the suows of many winters, holding in his arms a dear little girl. She' was quite dead ; and the poor old man's sorrow was pitiful to witness, as he kissed and fondled the little embed form, and called her by every name- love could suggest, I turned awny from this sad sight, only to meet others as heartrending. In ono placo was a bride, bending over n fine, handsome young fellow, who had been cut off in tbo prime of bis life. She was dozed and be wildered by the blow that bad so -suddenly fallen upon her. Ppor girl 1 Only a few hours ago sho had knelt by his side before the altar, and heard the sacred words that had bound them for so short a time. juy iiciu whs sorc.xor Jier, ana lor a moment, ns I watched her, I almost forgot my own trouble. White tear-stained faces were to bo scon on'cvcry side. It had, in deed, been a terrible accident. The trafn was loaded with people, coming to spend the Christmas with their friends. Aud Willie, where was he 7 A hope began to' grow in my heart, which I hardly dared to cherish, that something might have detained him ; lie would be safe. Then I saw an old friend of my hushnnd's, Dr. Groy. His eye caught mine, and I knew at once by his expression, as he made his way to me, that ho had had news. " Is ho much hurt 7 " I asked, not giving him timo to speak. " He is a good deal hurt, but you must bo strong and nurse him well!" he answered, trying to spenk cheerfully, " Como and sco him." I silently followed the doctor to a room whero tho worst cases had been brought. There wero several crushed and bruised forms lying on beds hastily made for tbo purpose. One of them I kuew at once, although so sadly changed. Ilia thick hnir was dotted uiwii, ma mw uui.nuu uisngurca , nut Jio still lived. " IIo should he. taken home immediately," . the doctor said. Slowly I followed the men that bore b!m, .. with little Jackin ray arms. What a different homo coming to the ono I anticipated. My heart nearly failed mo as I entered tho par- oar, whcte ten was spread, nil ready for Willie. What pains I had taken to have everything just ns ho liked it ; and now, perhaps, ho would never sit in his accus tomed place. I might never hear his merry voice, never meet him nt the door again. Oh Willie! Willie! you must not die I lean- not loso you. With the aid of Martha, who, .with her husband, were the only servants we had, everything wns got ready for the sufferer. The doctor attended to him, and left us to hurry back to tho station, wbcro others needed his assistance. " I followed him to the door. "Is ho much hurt?" I-nskcd. " Yea, a good deal," he roplicd. " Will he live I said. The doctor's fnee was very grave as ho an- sworcd " He may. Now go back to him, he will be conscious by-nnd-byc. Be cheorful with him, I shall call again as soon as I can." aii turougn tho silent hours I sat by his bedside watching, .but he gnvo no sign. Nought but his painful breathing told that ho still clung to tho slender thread of life, that might snap nt any moment. Oh ! that \- . 0,u, wake up, if only for a minute, that I might hear hfs dear voice once more, only once. The slow hours wore on ; tho dootor camo5 -again. He looked at him gravely, and did all he could to revive him, but it was useless. I fenred lie might pnss away like this in the early morning. t Ho opened his eyes, with a loog drawn sigh, nod gazed wondcringly round the room. At ln6t lux eyes rested on me, but thero wns no recognition in them. " Willie, Willie ! do you know mo 7" No, he nuswered, feebly, his voice sounding hard and straugc. " Where is Ellcnor?" ho asked. " Who is Ellcnor 7" I said. " My wife," he replied. "Your wife. Oh, Willie I I am your wife. Do you not know me." "No," lio said, "my wife is toll and stately, mill no proud, licr hnir nnd eyes nrc dork. 1 never saw you before." I stored nt him in nstonishmont. Then I remembered how much bis bond lmd been hurt. It was only a fancy, ha did not know what ho was saying. Ho would be better soon nnd would know me. Midftl/0" mUBt "0t tn,k llny motc." I "Sho -will come?" ho nsked, looking in. qutnngly nt me. " b , "Yes 1 yes! but you must writ a little : white, I answered. IIo seemed satisfied, although 1 caught tho words, murmured to himself, « Wait a little 'jeans" 0 Wl"Gd 80 long, nearly four Tho words nnd the name ran in my mind, Wlm wns hlicuor I hnd never beard liiin mention nnvonc so culled. Ho sank into nnconiiciousncssagnin almost . immediately, ami I resumed my weary task of watching. Slowly tho morning broke, ushering the glorious Christmas l»uy, to which I bad win?,) ;n,r',' ' hc »'rel> 11 hnppyonc, when tli nk , r''!! t ,JC f""' "ow 1 dnrc<1 not stove 111 I "il ,W m,rs "'W" lmvo >" SlRh'tbo spiS'1' ''' W"S tU 1y tlWt 1,0 . _ The doctor came again, but he nave no ' ik'cl' n "''ilo nnd woken £ vo," "lnt wns doubtful. ' "riry !lain 'bnt come into t ray heart ot bis words, " no hope." 1 know , .;no Ja j'. on the brink of eternity, hut ono ovor gives up hoping until the last. No-hope." Oh, Willie i How could 1 . let you go? God help mo to benr un I mustfor poor little Jnck'ssakc. His father's -list words, when wo parted a week ago wero : " 'J'nkc care of Jaek 7" Yes, ho- had given me a charge, but it would bo so hard to live without his strong arm to lean on. Oh I Why must ho die and leave us 7 The morning woro on and Martha came to take my place, but I would not leave my post ; ho might waken nt any moment, and if I were not near ho might die, nnd I would never hear his dear voice again. No, I could not go. "Hero is a letter for you. ma'am," said Martha. I glanced nt it carelessly, bat, to my sur prise, tbc address wns in my husband's writing. Quickly tearing off the envelope, I read : — " My dear wife,— Do not expect me home, ns promised. This business will require my presence for some days, hut I shall sco tho New Year in with you. Bclievo me, I am tnuch'nnnoyed at having to bo away, and would como if it wero at all possible. Your i loving husband, William Alston," j Tbc date wns tlirco days before ; it had been delayed somewhere, but why had bo come by that doomed train. Ah, I see it now t He hnd got through his work sooner than he expected, and hurried home to sur prise me. Poor Willie, how I wished ho had not como by that evening's trniu. Then there came a knock at our door, which Martha answered at once. Sho re turned in a few minutes and said : " There is a lady in the parlor, ma'am ; she wants to sco Mr. Alston. 1 told her Bhe could not, but she said she would. Will you go to her?" Reluctantly, I arose and cntorcd the Jiarlor. A lady was stauding by tlio win- low ; she bowed coldly nnd said : 1 bellcvo Mr. Alston is under your roof, I want to seo him 7" " You cannot boo him, ho is——" I could not bring my lips to form the lost terrible word of the sentence. " I must see him," sho replid, "ho is my husband," " Your husband 1" I gasped, and my eyes sought a picture of Willie s that hung over tho mnntlepicce, - Her glance followed mine, sho started, and asked : . " Whose likeness is that 7" " It is my husband's, William Alston. Wo were married threo years ago." "That Is my husband's name, ho and I wcro married five years ago," sho said. " It is not true," 1 cried. " He has not been away from this town for moro than three years." . Bhe looked at me scornfully, as she nnswercd : " Wo quarrelled eighteen months aftor our marriage, parted, and did not meet until last week. Then we made it up again, and were on our way to spend the Christmas at Boyne, when this fearful accident occurred." I almost fainted as I remembered that I had only known my husbaud six months be fore we were married. "I was an orphan, with little love in my life when wo met each other, and all 1 really knew of him. was from his own lips, nnd I had trusted him with my whole heart. " Now, please show me whero my husband la 7" said the lady. Like one in a dream I lead tho way to tho chamber of death. She stood looking at him for a moment, or so, then bent over him and gently breathed his name. His eyes opened, a light of joy shone in his face when ho saw her, and laying his hand on her head, with an offort, ho whispered, hoarsely : "Ellcnor, my wife, I know you would come. Forgive mo. I am dying I" And I stood looking on. What did it all mean? What now trouble had como' upon mo 7 I must bo dreaming I Willie I my WiUio I calling her wife. A thought ran through my brain. Oould this man, lying so near tho " Border Land," be my husband I But that thought vanished when I saw his hair and eyes. How proud I had been of his honest, handsome eyes. Then for the first time the truth seemed to ; burst upon me, Ho bad deceived me. - It iB hard to shake a woman's faith in tho man she loves. My heart nearly stopped beating as everything came before me. Oh I Willie i WiUio i how could you be iso cruel 7 ' I left the room and throw myself into a chair in tho parlor. I wanted to be alone with my great sorrow, alone with my misery How the time passed I did not know— did not core— it seempd like ages sinco the morn- ing, Martha came and begged mo to tako some rest— faithful heart ; she cried bitterly ovor the change a few hours had wrought, hours that were like years of anguish to me. At last I yielded to her entreaties to go to bed, where I sobbed myself to sleep. I slept long nnd heavily nnd awoke with a start. What hnd happened was my first thought. I knew tliat another day bad como, for the sun wns shining on my curtains. Suddonly the remembrance of all that had happened camo back with renewed force. I arose sadly, ,the bright day held no pleasure for me, all tho . Then Martha stole in softly, in n voice scarcely audible. I asked her how Mr. Alston wns; she was almost afraid to tell mo that ho wns dead, hnd died shortly after his wife's arrival, Oh 1 the anguish of know ing he was dead, had died without ono word for me. " Willio 1 Willie why did you wrong me so deeply 7 and I loved you so, lovo you still," " Where is she 7" I nsked, I could not call her Mrs. Alston. "The lady is going to remain hero until the funeral is over, it is going to be to- morrow," replied Martha. Yes, to-morrow they would bury him, and I would never seo my darling again ; if I could only die, too, and be laid to rest in tho quiet churchyard. Then little Jack came nudlookedup wondcringly into my fncfi, with his fnther's.eyes. Poor Jack, for your sako I must live. God help mo to do my duty by you, but I shall not stay hero ; I shall go away where now ono knows mo ; in- a few hours all tho town will be talking about us, and I could not bear tho shame of it ; but I must seo bim once more before I go. Call ing Martha, I inquired where the lady was. "She has gone out, ma'am," was the reply. I crept like a thief to the room, nnd gazed for the last time on the face of William Alston, He looked calm and peaceful, a smile was still on the lips ; 1 bent down and kissed his brow, then, turning to leave, stood face to face with, his wife. I would havo passed her, but she drew herself up proudlv and said : ' "You are mistaken . in supposing this man to be your husband," " Stop J" I cried, " I will not listen." " If you will not listen now, 1 shall seo you when you ore calmer nnd shall ex- plain " I rushed past her, determined that she would not see me again. Why should she explain? Wns my sufferings not enough. I would go away now. Sol ruturncd to my room and packed up tbcthings which woshould require, then called Martha's husband' to take my box to the station ; its address was a town many miles away, that lie had some- times spoken of. Martbn came and begged me not to go, but I was firm, I dared not meet that proud woman, "Tako me, too I" pleaded the old servant. But that I could not do, 1 hnd only a little money of my own, which I took— I would touch nono of Willie's — this would keep Jack nnd I for a whilo. After that, I did not know what would become of us, we had no friends to call on, so all depended on my own efforts ; ray mind was too confused yet to think clearly, 60 1 refused her this also nnd bade her good-bye. Taking my boy in my arms, I stole quietly nwav, afraid every moment -of meeting my foe. Entering the ticket-office n new official, gave me a ticket for the same destination ns my bos. The train came up with a shrill whistle, ' I watched it, thinking of the evening I hado Willie gocxl-byc, it seemed years ago now. Why arc' we given hearts .to love, only to have them broken, when wo lose the love that wns a part of our very lives. God help mo to live for my boy's sake, but llfo would bo so dark and dreary without bim. "Now then, raa'nmi" cried a guard, " train starts in a minute." I knew him, but he did not know me. 1 wore a heavy veil, hoping no ono would recognise me. We took our places and tho train dashed awny, bearing mo from the scene of tho last three yenrs, the happiest part of my life, which 1 had spent in tho dear home with him. . On wo sped, stopping sometimes, then on again, at !ast till it camo to n standstill nt a smalltown. v All the passengers for Newtown change ncro, caucu a.voicc. . That wns our destination, so wo left the carriage, and then I found we should have to wait an hour for the next train, but that mattered little. to me. . Jack was hungry, so we retired to the waiting-room nnd took out the luncheon which Martha, with her usual forethought, had provided. Thero wero two other occupants in the room, and, whilo giving Jnck Lis dinner, I overheard a conversation between them. The first asked ; "Havo you let your rooms yet, Mrs. Jones 7" "No;" wns the answer, "they ore out of -the way, the place is too quiet," I looked at the speaker, and beheld a kind, motherly fnee that immediately took my fancy. Her eye caught mine and a smile of pity came into it ; she saw I was in distress, and crossing the room spoke cheerfully to me, nnd made friends with Jnck, " Youmind me of my poor Jennto ; she was just about your ago when sbe took the fever and died ; wo have all our trials here, but there is a wise Hatid over us all." My heart went out to her, she spoke ' so kiodly. A thought camo to me, hero was just what I wanted, if the rent was not too high. I said I understood sho had rooms to let. " Yes, sho bad," and .we soon ' came to an agreement, although I called myself by another name. She was greatly taken up with Jack, and went herself to see. after my box to spare mo. Beforo long we wero established in her houso, it wns very quiet nnd out of the way, ns she bad said, but I was glad of that, I did not waut to sco anyone. Everything was as neat nnd clean ns hands could make them, and Mrs. Jones was the soul of kindness and consideration. I knew that she pitied me with all her heart, but the days wcro very long while I nursed my great sorrow. She never asked any questions, nor hinted at my past life ; for this I was deeply grate ful, sho hnd had many trials of her own and knew how to feel for another. Timo passed, and I found 'that my money was getting short. What to do 1 knew not. The thought that we might have to lenvo our present home wns Very painful, I had begun to love tho only ono that had shown mc kindness, and did not want to seek another abodo nmongst strangers. At last I summoned up courage to tell Mrs, Jones that I wanted work of somo kind, Sho suggested sewing and said she would get me somo. This was no easy task, as thero wcro plenty of people only too glad to get needle work, and nt best It was bndly paid, and Btitclb ns I would, I could not help seeing that each rent day made a sad hole in my spore cash ; perhaps it was well that I had to toil so hard, it kept me from brooding over ray trouble. Yet I must do something. Then I tried drawing. .Near where we lived were some pretty spots, I hod always a taste for landscape sketching, so I drew a fow as n trial. One of these was a tree, which had bean struck with ligntning. Somehow I felt sorry for it, split to its very heart in n moment, all its life and beauty gone for ever. It seemed like my own life, tho Bhock had como so suddenly, taking all tho joy and brightness out of it. I took more pains over-this one, working many a sad thought into it. These sketches Mrs. Jones disposed of for me. My. poor tree was the first to find an owner, at not. too low a figure. Littlo by little I was called on for more, until I gavo up sewing nnd gave all my time to drawing ; it paid better than I had dared to hope, thus I was able to save a little money again. The wcoks grew into months, and slipped by very quietly, I was always kept busy. Occasionally . someone would call upon mo for a sketch of any favorite spot. These were tho only breaks in tho daily round of life in Mrs. Jones's home. Sbe bad plenty of friends ; but I did not caro for making ac quaintances, and seldom left my rooms, ex cept when out drawing. My tree sold so well that I drew it re peatedly, always finding ready salo for it. Wo bad been nearly twelve months with Mrs. Jones, aud Christmas was coming again. How tbo events of last year came back with a force that put all olso out of my I tried to work, but it was useless. My hand seemed to have lost its quickness ; my eye did not tako in tho objects beforo me, so I gavo it up. As Christmas approached a great yearning camo over me to see the dear homo again, although I know it would bo cold and empty now. To-morrow would bo Christmas Eve. All that night I lay awake, living over again tbo scenes of tbo last year. When tbe morning camo I could withstand tho homo hunger no longer, nnd told Mrs. Jones I was going out nnd would not bo back that night. Sho did not like tho thought of it, and asked where I was going, I gavo her tho name of tho town. " Have yon friends thero 7" sho questfoned.- " No ; I havo no friends in tho world." I replied, " Leave mo Jack," she said ; but I could not go without him. When wo woro parting sho held my hand nnd said, " You will como back," " Oh, yes ! yours is tho only homo wo have 1" I answered. " Woll, tako care of yourself and Jack," "Good-bye," nnd wo were off. Yes, x must havo just ono look at the onoo happy homo ; then I would como book and take up my daily life, nnd work onco more, Tho train was something oow for Jack ; ho was highly delighted by tho flying picture, seen from tho window, and talked in his childish fashion of tho objects that caught bis eye. I heeded hira little ; my thoughts wcro elsewhere. At last we camo to the well-remembered station, where wo hnd wnitcd twelve months ago, to welcomo Willie, and the lovo in my heart now was as strong as it bad been then. Leaving tho station, wo passed up tho street. Tho first boarding Iioubo wo came to had a strango name on the sign- board. That was well. Wo might remain here to-night, aud no one would know us. 1 took a room giving the lnudlndy the name Mrs. Jones knew -mo by. Waiting until it was getting late, that I would not be so easily recognised, if 1 mot any friend or acquaintance, we set out again. First we came to tho garden gate ; an impulse seized me ; opening it, we entered. Tho garden hail been n great source of pleasure in those happy days. It was just as it used to be, and I wondered vaguely who took care of it now. Then 1 crept softly to the half-opeu window, nnd jieepcu in. The room wns as I hnd seen it lost ; but what did it mean, for, seated in his accustomed place, was my husband, with his head bowed upon his hand. Could it bo really he 7 No, it was only a vision from bygone davs come to mock me. I must bo mad. I knew ho was dead. Had I not kissed his cold brow. Catching up Jack with a half-uttered cry, I left tho spot and hurried on— I cared not where, At lost we reached tho churchyard ; Into it we turned. I would go nnd sco whero they lt.i ' ! tt.l !t!in to sleep ills last long sleep. The ; !:wo was not hard to find ; a fine bendsto - !nl l>ccn erected ; reading tho words until i camo to the age. That is not right ; he told mo lie was four years younger— perhaps that was false, tod! Wearily I rested my Lend on the stone, a tumult of thoughts raging in my breast. I tried to pray for strength to go bnck nnd tako up my work again. " Mary," whispered a voice beside roe. I looked up; tbo very blood froze in my veins with fear, for, standing so close that I might hnvo touched him had I reached out my hand, was my husband, with Jack in his arms. "Don't be frightened, Mary," he said, laying Jack down, and taking mo in his arms ; until then I could have fainted from terror ; hut when I felt his warm bands I knew it wns ray own Willie onco more, alive and well Neither of us spoke. Even then I dared not move, scarcely breathe, lest the spell might be broken, and prove only a nappy, dream. ... At lost he asked, "Wbero have you been all this time, Mary ? " " Oh, Willie, what docs it mean 7 " I saidj pointing to the name on tho headstone. " Only that you, Hko a great many more, have mistaken my first cousin, William Alston, for me. Had you not been so hasty in- running away Mrs. Alston would have told you all, and spared us all much sorrow. Did you not get my letter 7 " "Yes, but I thought ho was you, and so did Martha and Dr. Gray ; and his wifo was so proud and cold ; I was afraid of her." " Well," he said, " it is all over now. We shall never ho parted again, It" is getting late; Wo shall go and see how glad Martha will be to bavo you homo. She always ex pected you to como back, sooner or Inter," " How did you find us here 7" I asked. " I heard you as you wcro leaving the garden— going away from me ft second time," ho answored, laughing, " But it might bavo been some one else," I suggested. " Oh, no, I would not mistake my wife for some one else," ho replied, inoro gravely. "But he was so like you; I coil.! not help it," I said. When we reached homo Martha hugged and cried over me In her joy nt meeting agnio. Willie and I sat and talked far into the night. He would hear my story first. Then be told me bow be had come on New Year's Eve, aud found us gone. Pcoplo stared at him as if ho was a ghost. Ho' started for Newtown, to whero my box bad been addressed. On arriving there, ho and after many weary days travelling dis covered himself on tne wrong track. Ho came home, and began again. But no one had seen me. I had changed my name, and leaving (he train beforo I reached Newtown, all trace of mo had been lost. For many weeks he journeyed from placo to place, hoping to hear tidings, but without success. So at last he hnd to take Martha's advice. "Just wo bide aweo, and she'll cam hnmo bcrsel." Aud so I did come back to my dear Willie, and my home never seemed brighter than on this night, and our Christmas was indeed a happy one. < Of course Willje accompanied mo to see and thank Mrs, Jones for ail her kindness to Jack nnd me. We found her pre paring to como in search of us, and great was her joy and sympathy when she heard of our past trials and glad rouuion. Wo con tinued fast friends during tho remainder of her life, but death has robbed us of her companionship. We laid her beside her dear ones, nnd left the village graveyard " sorrow- ful, yet rejoicing," for wns not our loss her goto. 0\. Hannah C„ . Yandllla. 