Men and Manners. The severity of the damages given against Dr. Campbell, of Yasa, would seem to be intended rather as a warning to the medical faculty generally than as tie desert of individual negligence. After the professional evidence taken an intelligent jury wonld scarcely agree to the verdict of Monday fast, unless on the ground that doctors naeded an oceawmal caution, and that the casein querfion provided a good opportunity of administering one. • M. « The new Salvation Army Bmrii at Newtown were formally declared open on Saturday last by Major Eutheriand. tin balding w dedicated " m the name of tie Father, Bon and Holy Ghost, ltd of Gentrml fPiBum BteO," Car thf salvation of souls and the gioiy of God. Can At the marriage of the Marquis of Kildjre, a very wealthy peer, the bode and her yoaaj attendants all wore yellow terry velteL- \- Another novelty of tits season >a for the frfffitf^n? to appear during her receptions in mt*™! costume, and the guests who frequent ha drawing room keep a coaiespuadmg toilet in their wardrobes especially far the occasoo. Thus one lady of the tashionable wurid will give Spanish evenings, another TmLiih bh'i ees, and » - Apropos of Dickens' upsightiieat of char, acts', a daughter of the great novetirf aays that herfatixK once roceved a cbeqae for £1000 from Pnfenv Hollony with tha n^asat that be weald in the isial thai publishing writs bat a tingle-line in complimentary reference to " Holloway's Pills." On reading the letter Dickens re-calledihe bearer, and returned the cheque without note or comment. * * * Not long- ago Governor Robinson, of Hassachusette, waa asked bv a personal friend why he did not give a son of hie the post of a private secretaryship. He is reported to bare replied: "I think too much of my boy to start him tiding on the top of a bobble. He his got to prepare for > solid and useful career in life. Besides. I do not intend to fit out my family with offices." The toat per bead for educating the pupils of the Bathurst. High School is just about £47 IDs per annum, thai of the pupils of the High (schools in Sydney £16 Ids. And yet the colony is financially depressed and. the hon. the Treasurer at his wits' end for money. Here is a grand chance for the Opposition. • # • Penny sections cn the London 'bna routes are of inin*™* convenience to the public and axe moreover found by the companies to pay well. Is there any good reason why they should not be adopted on oar tramways ? Neat books of tickets in preference to season tickets could then be issued and torn out by the traveller as required. A smart lad should take charge of each upper compartment of the cars to prevent the necessity of the guard's mounting the stairs. These lads would thus be trained for permanent employment in the department and could be advanced to some responsible position as they proved their capacity for it. Advocates of Government Ferries for North Shore most be reminded that the route differs materially from that between New York and Brooklyn, to which it has been the habit lately of comparing it The Brooklyn boats are enormous structures moving from dock to dock only. They start every few minutes, carry nearly a handled million passengers annually, and the fare is one half-penny. To introduce the system for St. Leonards would require at least three distinct lines of steamers at a cost of perhaps a quarter of a million sterling. The tramway stands on a different footing altogether. I think the residents of the northern suburbs have a dear right to so much, even though it should incidentally swell the earnings of a private steam company. Insist upon speedier and more freqaent trips as & makeweight. * • * To come extent I can understand the perplexity of Bichop Barry's friends and wellwishers who are anxious to render him doe honour on arrival. Bat I find it difficult to understand the waste of time and words at public meetings over pettifogging details. Some of these days, perhaps, such matters will be formulated into something like a system Meanwhile the right thing has been done in the appointment of a responsible sub-commit tee. As to the rushing of the Cathedral, it win indeed be a novel experience, but not entirely an unmixed eviL It was built to be used at all times and seasons as an active centre of Church life. Disorderliness can sorely be as easily prevented there at otter buildings when specially crowded. A repetition of the TTanlari proceerion from the steamer to the Cathedral would be bo manifestly repugnant to the good sense of the community and eo totally alien to the character of the Bishop himself that I trust to see effective steps taken to prevent anything of the kind. ThCTfc will be ample opportunities for public congratulations at the tune of the installation and enthronement. It is worthy of remark that in protectionist Antrim sevesty per cent, of the cotton crop is sent across the Atlantic to be worked np into piece goods in the towns of Lancashire and reebipped to New York. Although handicapped by an ad valorem duty equal toabout forty per cent, these manufactured goods are able to compete on their own ground with the products of local manufacturers, abundance of fuel and iron notwithstanding. SCRUTINEER. 