COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. - It was to be ia the church, with musio and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk up the middle aisle and lead the Drooession. 4 Now you must both put on your best behaviour,' said mother, after we had worried ourselves into our new clothes on the all-important night; then she kissed us just as if we'd been going to bed, and sent us off to the church an hGur before the time. We fouud the sexton just opening the doors, and he let us go round with him while he lighted up, and then I proposed that we should stand outside and watch the people come. I wonder if Cousin Tom feels nervous, said Claude, as we walked down the steps under the awning. 'I shouldn't think he would, though, for you know doctors — . Bat say, Bert, what's the matter down the street there ? See all that crowd ? Let's run and find out.' 4 Come on,' I cried ; Til beat you there,' and forgetting all about our good clothes and 'best bohavibur,' we both started eff down the block. Oh, somebody's been run over, or some thing ! I exolrimed, as I woa the race, aad found a lot of people bsndiag over the form of a man lyir.g oa the grass in front of the Baptist Church. We both stood still for a minute, and I was trying to listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claude palled ma by the sleeve an 1 whispered that it might- be the very case Cousin Tom, who bad just graduated at the Medical School, was waiting for. 4 Lata tell him about it 1' I cried. 4 Quick, before they get somebody else;' and then we both tore off to his lodgings, around the corner, and pulled the bell as if the house was afire. I tell you, Che girl came to the door in a hurry, and without waiting for her to an nounce us, we'bolted upstairs to Cousin Tom's rooms, and rushed in to find him just putting on hie white satin necktie. 4 Oh, do come quick 1' we both fairly shouted. 4 Such a ' 4 Why, boys, what's the matter?' he ex claimed, making a muddle of his cravat. 4 Has Alice fainted, or the dressmaker for gotten to send her dress home, or what ?' 4 No, no,' cried Claude. 4 There's a man hart, and an awful crowd, and ' 'Quick, how far from here?' interrupted Cousin Tom, leaving the two ends of his tie hanging, and snatching his pea-jacket. 4 1 can spare just twenty minutes.' 4 Why, it's only around the corner, in front of the Baptist Church,' I replied, dancing around the room in great excitement, and then we all three raced off. 4 Where is he, biys?' oried Cousin Tom, and Claude pointed inside the railing that ran in front of the church, and against which, strange to say, nobody was leaning. Then, not waiting to hunt up the gate, our cousin, who was a great strapping fellow, shouldered his way through the crowd, and without paying any attention to the efforts some of the people made to hold him back, he placed his hands on the top rail of the fence to vault over. The next instant he gave a spring back ward instead of forward, and fell against Claude, who of coarse fell against me, and we all three went down one after another like a row of bricks, while the people set up such a yell that you might have thought they had all turned into wild Indians on the war path. Being boys, and quite used to hard knocks, neither Claude nor I was hurt, and we sprang up as lively as ever when Cousin Tom was lifted off of ue. But there was not much spring about hitn , and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldn't even speak. Then they explained the whole thing to us, wbTch was something like this— there was an electric light in front of the store next the church, and in some way the Etuff— the electric fluid, or whatever it is —had got off the track, or the wires, and run into the fence, and sq whoever touched it got a most tremendous shook. That was what was the matter with the man inside, an i -the crowd had tried to warn Cousin Torn, but ho was too excited about getting an interesting case to listen. 4 Ob, if he's killed, it's all our fault for telling him about it I1 moaned Claude. 4 And he was going to be married in half an hour,' I added, despairingly. 4 And Miss Lord '11 be in the church waiting for him, and when he don't come she may have a fit or something, and oh, Claude, how can we tell her?' By this time they had picked Cousin Tom up and carried him into a drug store a few doors off. They told us he was only stunned and would probably be able to sit op in. the course of half an hour. As he hadn't lived ia town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew, who he was, and so the harden of carrying the dreadful news to the wedding par'y fell upon Claude and me. . It's five minutes to eight now, an. I uouueed pay brother, nervously, at, having left Word with the druggist that we would soon b& back with mends and a carriage v,s biuried off to the Episcopal Church. « Couth! Tom was to be in the vestry by this time and, oh my 1 won t it be awful to have Mies Lord walk up the aisle on her father's arm and then find nobody to marry her?' 4 But, Claude,' 1 proposed, a bright idea striking me, if we oan only get to the church soon enough to see her drive up, we oan tell her then, and have the coach man keep right on to the drug store.1 'The very thing!' cried Claude. 'Let's run for it.' And run we aid, but, alas ! arrived at the church just in time to see the bride's carriage drive away from the awning — empty. We could hear the organ playing and the people whispering that the procession would soon begin to move toward the altar. Oh, why don't they make sure Cousin Tom's here first V I exclaimed, in a whieper. 4 Perhaps they will,' returned Claude. At any rate, they ought to wait for uv to lead off; but, stop, I've got a plan, and though it's a kind of desperate one, it'll save Miss Lord having 'a scene before everybody. I'll'— and he spoke the rest very softly in my ear. 4 Why, Claude, dare you ?' I cried, under my breath. And do you know how to do it?' Yes, I noticed the place when we were in? here with the sexton. Now, do you think you oan get up close to Miss Lord before I count twenty slowly ?' I nodded, and hurried into the church leaving Claude to take up his elation in K dark corner ot the vestibule. The pr .caseron was evidently waiting for us, and as fast as I could I squeezed a way through the cro .d to take my place in front of the bride She smiled when she oaught sight of me, aad put out her hand. Then just as I took it every light in the church went out, and I knew Claude bad succeeded in his plan of turning off the gas. 'Don't be frightened, Miss Lord,' I whispered, etili keeping hold of her band, 'but come out with me to the carriage,' because Cousih Tom's hurt, but not very bid, only he can't stand up long enough 0 be married yet, and . Bat I'll take you to hiaa right a ay.' Well, she didn't scream nor ssy she wav going to faint, but just held on to my hand tight, and let me lead her out in the dark. We found Claude on the sidewa'k, holding the door of the carriage opm ; and ordering the coachman (who looked a 9 if he thought wa wsre eloping with the bride) to drive to the drug store. We all throe got in, and were off before the pebpie iu tue church had a chance to think of scythiugelse bat, toe dark ness into which they had so suddenly been plunged. 4 But — but did the electric fluid put oat the lights in oharch?' asked Miss Lord, after we bad explained to her about Cousin Tom's shock. 4 Oh, no ; I turned off the gas,' said Claude, promptly. 4 Don't- you think it was a good way to keep people from staring at yon, and gossiping when they found ths groom didn't oome?' 4 Yes, I see now, and I am sure I am very much obliged for your thoughtfulnees ; but what will papa and mamma thiak has become of me?' 4 That's so !' I exclaimed. 4 We forgot all about that part of it. Stop the carriage, and I'll run baok; which I did, and found the ohurch lighted up again, a bigger crowd than ever inside, and Mr. and Mrs. Lord rushing about in every direction in search of their daughter. I was a little frightened at firstv bat re membering how much the bride had been spared by our plan, I walked boldly up to the ' distracted parents,' and began to explain tlje whole thing. This took some tima. but I told the story as qniok as I could, and I had scarcely finished when back oame the carriage with Cousin Tom and Miss Lord both in it. I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and indeed Tom looked liked one, but declared that he was every bit Etrong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was awfully afraid we'd have a scene, after all, but luckily everybody thoughWt was because the gas had gone out, and in ten minutes they were safely married, and nobody out of the family the wiser. —From Harper s Young People . 