.THE JUBILEE OF FREEDOM. However widely Englishmen may diner, and however hotly they may con tend on such questions as party policies, social reforms, and religious creeds. they are- thoroughly and cordially united on 'the ''grander themes of humanity which the, nation-has- made its own. . Prominent among these is the subject of slavery, which unites all ranks and -classes in the same feeling and sways them, by a common impulse. No better proof could be afforded of this consentaneousness than was furnished by the extraordinary assembly, that met in the Guildhall a short time ago to celebrate the jubilee of the' abolition of slavery throughout 'the British -Dominions. -While the spacious hall was crowded with an enthusiastic .audience, representing nearly every section of society, the platform presented a most unusual grouping. The Heir apparent, who occupied the chair, was sap ported by a brilliant and most influential throng, including such conspicuous con trasts as 'Earl Granville and Sir Stafford Northcote, the ArcKbishop of Canterbury, Cardinal Manning and Mr. Sturge, Sir T. Fowell Buxton and Sir Wilfrid Lawson, with many others whose ordinary paths lie very far apart. The occasion was ore which necessarily prompted mutual felicitation, for it commemorated ?the termination of a prolonged conflict, and an event in their national history of which Englishmen have a right to be proud. The abolition of slavery in the United States was a military measure brought about by the civil war, but in the British, colonies it was effected as an act of justice, and at a cost of twenty millions of money. It is a good deal more than a hundred years since it was finally de cided that slavery could notexi-t in Great Britain, but the complicity of England in the gigantic evil was greater than it had been before, and the struggle against of corresponding severity. We are familiar with the arguments used in our own time for the perpetuation of the 'domestic institution' in the Southern States of the American Union. Advocates of it pleaded that the negroes were created for the pur foose of serving the white race ; that their bondage was in fulfilment of the seatence pronounced on their progenitor; and that to interfere with it was flying in the face of Providence. They were said to be unfit for freedom, and happier as the chattels of others than they could be otherwise. All this is now so utterly exploded that it requires a considerable effort of the imagination to recall the time when these doctrines were urged in the House of Commons, and their denun ciation satirized as the 'bray of Exeter Hall.' How deeply rooted in British commerce the hideous traffic in h --nan beings had beccme by the close of I -.st century is evident from the recirl-l fact ~ that England employed l^J ships in the slave trade, and carried between 40,000 and 50,000 enslaved Africans annually. In all its horrors it lasted and even flourished for two centuries and a half, during which time the vested interests engaged in it had acquired such strength and vitality that their overthrow - seemed well-nigh hope less. Motions for its abolition were re jected by the British Parliament again and again, and unstinted obloquy heaped on the brave men whose courage and per sistency ultimately achieved suocesa. Aa Earl Granville said, the system was de fended by statesmen on the miserable plea of the rights of property, and by business men on the score of its legitimate profits ; while even Aldermen of the City of London predicted that its suppres sion would involve the ruin of the great metropolis. The removal of this foul^ blot from the British Empire is a landmark of history which well deserved commemoration, for the enter prise with which the names of William Wilberf orce, Granville Sharp, and Thomas Clarkson were conspicuously associated wias at the same time one of the most noble, and the most herculean ever under taken by mortal men. ~ TheTcoDgrafulatory strain in which' the Prijaee'? bi Wales: led the way and other speakers followed was hot limited to th& mti-slavery movement in the British realm. Though it accomplished so much by-its direct and immediate action it did still more by the influence it exerted on other lands and on the civilization of the world. It is the glory and boast of England that oppressed and wronged humanity everywhere finds in it a sympa thizing and powerful friend. Great Britain led the way, and other countries followed; but during a great part of the last half-century the cruelties inflicted on the negro race by the rapacity of Europeans form a Bad and shameful chapter. It was no;, till the end of 184L that France, Austria, Prussia, and Russia adopted the English laws against the slave trade. So lately aa 1856 its revival was seriously proposed in the Congress of the United States, and less than twenty- five yearsago it was said that noless than 40,000 slaves were landed in Cuba m a single year. For a time the illegality of the traffic augmented the' misery of the victims, for the risks incurred and losses sustained led to such means being adopted as made the 'middle passage' more horrible than ever. To follow up and render effectivo the action of 1833 the British Foreign Office haB workod cordially with the Anti-Slavery Society, and with the result of diminishing the evil everywhere. The record of the intervening period is one of constant aud philanthropic effort, often pursued amid great difficulties, but in most cases finally' crowned with success. Numerically con sidered, the greatest events it includes are the emancipation of Russian serfs and of the slaves in the United States; but there are many other instances of a similar kind. Slavery was terminated in India by the passing of an Act that, over riding local Statutes, put the bond and free on an equality in the sight of the law. Earl Granville attributed to British advice and influence great progress in Turkey, and an immense advance on the east coast of Africa since the mission of Sir Bartle Frere to Zanzibar. In South America the Spanish colonies abandoned slavery at the time of their severance from Spain] and though it is still legalized in Brazil some provinces of their own accord have put an end to it, These are tokens of the general movement that is going on headed by Great Britain, and fostered by its in fluence throughout the world. While there is thus shown to be much cause for congratulation on account of the progress of freedom, there is incidentally revealed how much remains to be done. The object of the Guildhall meeting was not merely to exult over the- past, but to arouse.fresh interest and throw renewed [energy. . into the. work. , It , is true that ' almost all nominally Christian nations have j freed' themselves , from the taint of - Blavery, but : it ; . cannot yet be said that the disgrace tor Chris tendom ? is- altogether gone. In the language of the Prince of Wales, Brazil still retains the curse it inherited from its Portuguese rulers. At the present time it possesses nearly a million and a half of slaves,, whose lot in life is worse than that of the beasts of burden. The strongest bulwark of slavery is. Mohammedanism. There are Moslems who assert it to be a necessity of their religion.' They say rewards are promised hereafter to those who emancipate slaves 'in this life, and there must continue to be slaves for the reward to be earned. Slavery enters into the domestic and matrimonial customs of some countries, maintaining a constant de mand. The terrible waste of life ' thus occasioned is attested by;c all travellers who havd penetrated into the interior of the Dark Continent. Sir Samuel Baker esti mated that 60,000 slaves -were captured and sold so lately as 1874. Others have described the depopulated tracts of fertile country, and the tracks whitened by the bones of those who have perished by the way. Very much yet remains to be done, and it is useful to note what progress is being made. During the year the Sultan of Morocco has pro hibited the sale of Blaves by public auction, and the British Government has forbidden 8laveownership to persons resident in that country over whom they have any control. The work of Mr. H M. Stanley on tbe Congo, of Gordon and Baker in the Soudan, and of Sir Bartle Frere on the east coast of Africa all tell in the direction of suppressing 'slave raids, and by opening the way for legitimate commerce deal a still more effective blow to the iniquity. There is good reason, to expect that slave - hunting will~ diminish as the demand ceases and other branches of trade are opened. It i3 peculiarly appropriate that at the same time. -as England is made increasingly responsible for the government of Egypt there should be such a demonstration of resolute pur pose concerning what is so closely mixed up with the difficulties of that country. The future King cf England frankly re commended the plan adopted in India of liberating slaves by destroying the local Statutes which held them' in' bondage as suitable for Egypt and other countries, and it is certain that he well weighed the effect of his words. England has never regarded slavery in any part of the world as a thing with which it had nothing to do, and the Anti-Slavery Society in particular aims at nothing short of universal emancipation. Slaveowners and slavehuntera everywhere will learn that the pacific policy of England doea not involve any abandonment of the prin ciples and traditions of the past. The ubiquitous newspaper will carry into the remote regions where they ply their nefarious business the closing words of hia speech, that have for them an ominous sound. They will learn that the future monarch of the proudest throne and the greatest Empire of the world has told his people 'in your desire to Bfte the abolition of slavery I am with you heart and soal.' The Rain akd the Chops. — A good fall of raia in the latter half of Septem ber is of incalculable benefit to the crops in South Australia, and it is especially fortunate that such an event has happened at the present juncture. A few daya ago we commented on the fact that the rain fall for the two months of July and August had been actually lower than that recorded for the same two months in._any previous year of the colony's history. There had been lower records for individual months ; bnt.inno cake had the combined total for the two months reached flo low an ebb.V Thjlswia very ominous lor the prospects of ftaij harvest. In Borne quarters, indfteai'ifco crops were very backward, and the touch of hot and sultry weather , which UBhorei in the present month may well have caused the utmost anxiety to the farmers. But tha old adage that 'it never' rains but ib pours' has been literally fulfilled -in this case. Gawler has had .quite too much of a good thing, and has experienced 4 in ? a, mild way the discomforts of a flood; 'Tn other parts of the colony the fall of rain is reported as having been the ? heaviest known for years. From Goolwa to Ojaofri' nearly all accounts agree in reporting heavy rain and Btormy weather. TUa equinoctial gales seemed to set in quita suddenly with a change of wind which occurred on Saturday shortly before noon. The strong south-westerly breezd which sprang up carried heavy banks .of clouds 'far up the country, and it is to bo hoped that the beneficial influence will bo felt right into the pastoral districts. This morning the barometer is higher, and tliev weather has evidently steadied consider ably. But it is not improbable that there will be more rain within the next few days. , Two years ago the corre sponding period of September was con* spicuous for very 'dry weather and genuine hot Vfinda. In the contrast between tho appearance of the country after there freshing rains which have fallen and its parched appearance in that season tho farmers have good reason for thankful ness.''1 ' _' ' ' -? ' ? . Nkw ,. Caledonian Immobility. —One of the evils which French ? oonviotism brings upon the people of Australasia ia referred , to in strong terms' in a letter published elsewhere signed 'Australia.'' New Caledonia is notorious for the fla ' grant immorality practised by its inhabi : tants, and as it' has been peopled on the j one hand by the refuse of French society, and on the ? other hand by bands of soldiers, the social life of the place is at a very low ebb. Io. Noumea/the capital of the island, there are numerous brothels in which English girls are immured as in prisons. They dare not attempt to move beyond the' walls of their gaol, for tho laws of tho place are so Arbitrary that1 the keepor of ; the ' house -. can easily punish them if they try to . escape. . Some, .of them, are forced to live constantly in debt to their masters,- ana others who have been Induced to sign false certificates of birth are kept in dread of the penalties for so doing. The most loathsome lives are led by these unfortu nate wretches, and scenes are enacted ! which are only comparable to those which I eighty or ninety years ago made the name ;of Botany Bay stink in the nostrils of every Englishman. Indeed, the refuse of French society is, from the pointy of ? view- of immorality, If anything more abandoned than the lowest 'class of a British population. The ; fate of an English girl placed ; among, such Burroundings is truly deplorable. It is an undisputable fact that many of tho ?inmates' of. the dens In Noumea are girls from Australian homes. And how are itLey induced to go to Noumea? The 1 plan of operations was recently described by the Rev. J. C.Jiirby in a lecture :v*hich he delivered in this and the adja cent colonies. 'Advertisements appear, in ?tho Sydney and Melbourne newspapers -inyiting applications from servants, nur sery- governesses, &c;, for New Caledonia, and holding out* the bait of high wages,. JThe victims are taken off by the, steamor, and certain and speedy means are fakon to destroy their virtue as soon as they land in Noumea.. -Surely, this ia a traffic 'which should bo repressed with a stern hand. In England the fexaotly similar practices by which 'the 'brothels of Brussels and Paris are 'recruited with English girls have been enquired, into by a Committee oi. the House of Lords, and the Social Purity Bill contained clauses designed to put an end to the traffic. No doubt the measure to be laid before Parliament this week will impose heavy punishments against the crime of procuring. But as the recidivisto scheme is proceeding it is evident that ere long some special legislation will be required to apply/to Australian relations with New Caledonia. /Certainly no girl should be allowed to leave Australia . for that island without being made aware of the risks she is running and of the precautions which she should take if her virtue is at all dear to her. ' j The Weather in thk Country.— On Saturday a severe thunderstorm passed over the country. Heavy rain fell, and in some districts damage was done to proiertyi Unfortunately a young man in the employ of Mr. Hannaford, at Cudloe Creek, persisted ia trying to cross the Torrens in a horse and cart, with the result that he was swept away in the flood waters and drowned, At Gawler, where the storm appeared to have been most severely felt, hail fell, whiohia described aa being like pieces of jagged loe, Eotrte an inch long. The streets were flooded, and tho biuinesB establishments were obliged to close their doors. At Mallala a building was unroofed, and several trees blown down.. At Goolwa a portion of the roof of the Go vernment store was carried away. The storm was also experienced in and near Adelaide. The carpenter and four Reformatory lads came ashore from the bulk in the afternoon,, but owing to the rough weather could not return. The lads went np to the Destitute Asylum for the night. Oar Shipping Exporter writes—' It was shown on Saturday morning: that some coarse weather waa at hand, and by 'midday the wind had increased to a furious gale, sweeping across, the gulf with great force. A nasty cross sea was raised, and the want of shelter was so far felt that one of the steam-cutters was moved from the Scmarhore to Largs Pier, where she hung on all night. Late in the afternoon a couple of the station' handis shoved off in a small boat end made an attempt to reach a steamcutter. moored off the pier-head, but failing in that/ fihey drifted into -the line of outer breakers and capsized. The people on the pier were 6n the alert with lifebuoys and gear, and tha inen were pickod up without trouble! The; boat waa washed up uninjnred on the beach*.. During the night tho squalls continued, but towards morning the weather moderated and; thore was every prospect of fine weather for the outer harbour steamers' work on Monday. . Telegraphic Communication with Hong kong.— An advice from Hongkong, dated September 19, notifies that communication on the cable from Hont»fcong to Canton ia again ? interrupted. Passengers per Cozco.— The following. passeugere are booked to leave for London by the O.S.S. Cuzoo,; -which leaves on Man-'' day, September 20 -—Mrs. ind Miss Pigott ? and maid, Mr. and Mrs. R. Martin, and' Miss Mcholl, in the saloon ; and twenty-nine ? ? in the third cI&jis.; ,? (.. , . , - Western Australian Tklegra:piis.— On-:'' and after the 1st of October next all tele graph ofEce3 En We-stern Australia will be available for communication between the ? hours of 8 a.m. and 4 p.m., and farther from ? 7 p.m. till 8 p.m. GovERSMENT Land Bale.— A large number ' of miscellaneous leases will bo offered for Bale by auction at tho Land Office on Thursday next, September 25. Four allotments, with upset prices ^ varying from £10 to £5 per annum, are intended for tho production of guano. The situations are nt Four Hummocks Islands and near Horaa Peninsula and Avoid Bay. Leases for grazing and cultivation ? tiOEcs will be offered as follows :— In tho . Hundred of Einnuin, twenty-seven lota, with ? prices varying from £0 60. to 5a. per annum, according to the eizc of the area and thequality of the land ; Hundred of Glen Roy, twenty blocks, varying from £19 15s. for 4,698 acres, to 5a. for 37 acres ; Hundred of Hynara, fifty- ! \\\ three lots, from £19 5s. to 15s. ; Hundred of Lochaber, thirty- four lots, at from £10 15s. to ' -' 5a.; Hundred of Caroline, one lot, at 15jj.;., . Hundred of Grey, nine blocks, at from £6 to 5a; Hundred of Comaum, seventeen block?,.,, at from £8 10b. to£l 5a. ; ono lot, at £1, in the I e Hundred of Joanna; twelve, at from £6 103. to 10?., in the Hundred of Killanoola; three,. . ;at from £5 to £1 10a., in the Hundred of .Robertson; aix;. at from £5 15a. to £2 10a., in the, Hundred of Woolundunga ; fourteen, at from £7 15a. to £1 103., in the Hundred of Mobilong; and a few small lots in the Hun dredB of Dalrymple, Noarlunga, andYanka lilla., Leases fcr grazing purposes will be offered for three blocks in the Hundred of iNangwarry, at prices from£l to 09.; seven lots in the Hundred of Caroline, at £S 15a. to £1 2a- 6d.. ; and three lota in the Hundred of Gambier, at £3 10d. to £1. \- Tkadb with Westhbit ; Australia.— In these dull times it is. pleasant to record an improvement observable, in the trade with Western Australia. , Thin colony promises to become a very good.: customer in general merchandise. The barque Silver Stream, which left Port Adelaide on Saturday, had the largest cargo taken in one bottom for Albany. There were from 600 to 700 tons of goods, including- several reaping machines and. other fanning implements. Rest job Railway Cottages.— Messrs. Burgoyne and Coglin, members for New castle, waited on the Commissioner of Public ?Works on Thursday, September IS, and pre senteda memorial'from the navvie3 employed on-the permanent way between Orroroo and Qnorn, protesting against being charged house rentfrom October 1. The Commissioner stated that it was necessary to charge a small rental in order to pay the cost of repairs. ? Post Adelaide Wesleyan Chctbch. — Sundays services in this Church were specially interesting to' the congregations assembled for worship there, and to the whole of the local Wesieyan community, as they were the last held within its walls, and probably be fore the end of the week the building will be partially demolished, as a contract for the erection of two shopa on its site is to have speedy attention. The foundation-stone of the present structure in St. Vincent-street ?was laid., by the Hon. John Colton on April 7 1863, and the building- was opened for worship early in October following by the Eev. J. B. Waterhouse. A little over t went y one years ago the congregation removed to their new Church, from what is now known as King's Schoolroom, erected as the first Wesleyaa Church. The present Church, ?which has always been a plain, unadorned structure, has for ?o-ne time past exhibited symptoms of decay, besides which the want of more accommodation has forced itself upon the authorities. The letting of the St. Vincent-street site has been negotiated on terms very favourable to the Church Trustees, and a handsome naw Church and Lecture Hall on land secured Borne time ago in Dale- street aremaking rapid progress. To-day the Hon. J. Colton is to lay the foundation-stone of these buildings, thu3 repeating the ceremony he performed in St. Vincent-Btreet in 1S63. Services wQl be henceforth conducted in the 'Working Men'B Hall till the schoolroom is in a sufficiently advanced state for use. Large congregations were present at each of the services on Sunday. In the ? morning the Eev. R. S. Casely discoursed from Zechariah iv. 6— 'Not by might, nor by.1powerbut by my Spirit, saith the Lord'— a sermon preached by him seventeen years ago to a large congregation in the same building. The discourse was marked by deep earnestness, and 'ras listened to with great attention. The Eev. W. Jones conducted an afternoon service, and the Rev. B. S. Casely again preached in the evening. Prior to tae sermon the rev. gentleman read from Luke ix., and referred to the fact 'that the feeling of veneration for things sacred was too often found lacking in these colonies. . Choosing as histext Mark viiL 36— 'For what : shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose hia own bouI f— he spoke earnestly on the power of.worldliness and aid, and the all Bufficing quality of redemption as taught and embodied in Christ. The 'nature ; of punish- j ment as spoken of in Scripture in it* literal and figurative sense was also specially com-; merited on. ' ? .-' - ::^ r BLtTE RlBEOy AKMY A2TD GOSPEL; TEMFB- ; kaxce Mission, Tout AdblaideJ^A series of special services having beep, arranged, in connection with this Mission, the first took place on Saturday evening, September 2), - in the form of a.mass meeting at the- Flagstaff in Commercial- road. Prior to the meeting a number of the members, led by Messrs. S. H. Brady and W.. Stevens, accompanied by Captain Boss's band, marched' through, the Btreets. Mr. Brady (President of the Army), in oreninK tHe L rceeting, stated that the Port Division bad:; been in existence for two years, and during that time no teas than 2,000 persons had signed the pledge. In earnestly appealing to the audience to don the 'piece of blue' he referred to the many homes that had been made happy through the influence of the Army. Messrs. W. Stevens, McCragett, Bell, Captain Jordan, and others addressed the meeting. Some good testi monies were also given. At the dose fifteen signed the pledge and donned the blue. On Sunday two services were held in the Town HaU. In the afternoon the Rev. J. Hall Angus gave an excellent address, and in the evening the Eev. J. W. Bamber, both, being well attended. There were on the platform Messrs.: Morgan, Gray, Hounslow, Brady, and Skews. ' The services will be continued throughout the week. To show the success which. has attended the. Division it may be mentioned that the weekly meetings in the Working Men's Hall have of late been crowded to excess. The matter of increased accommodation is now under the considera tion of the committee. The Army attribute a great deal of their success to the assistance of the ministers in the neighbourhood, who are nearly all members of the movement. ' - Sbbious Accidext.— On Saturday a youth named Edward Arthur, about 19 years of age, employed by Messrs. Dobbie.& Son, was driving two horses attached to a van along the King 'William-road, when the .horses bolted. : Bj some meanB Arthur was thrown out and dragged along the road for several hundred yarda. He was picked up and con- : veyed to the Hospital, where 'it -was found that he had sustained very 'severe head injuries, which wDl probably prove fatal. Adelaide Stock ExcHANGslVTh6 annual meeting of members of this Sharebrokers' and Stockholders' Association was held at the Exchange on Saturday, September 20. Mr. A. Witt presided. Mr. C. Proud (Hon. Sec. and Treasurer) read the report' and balance sheet, from ?which it appeared that the; meetings of the Association : had been held daily during the past 1 year ; that the membership had increased from eighteen' ? to twenty-eight ;;~ that , the L-coine had been £29 83., aadj the expenses oaly £2 6e. lid., leaving a- cfiedit balance of £27 1b. ld.: Hearty votes of thanka were passed- to the retiring' officew, and to ^ Mr. Proud for :;hi3 efficient Beryices. -In jyiew of the gratifying fact of haying more funds in hand than were required,- it was resolved, on the motion of M-.-MoDle,M.P.jthat thesub3criptions for the current year be not collected unless required. The following committee was elected for the ensuing year :— Mr. H. Stodart, President ; Mr. A. Witt; Vice-President; Mr. C. Proud, Hon. 'Secretary and Treasurer? and ITessrs. R; Verco and Kv Cl Cornish. On the motion of; Mr.! W.Mitchell a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Witt for presiding. . Dbowxed at Gleotslg. — The mystery sur rounding; the identity of the person who was Buppbsed to have been drowned off the Glenelg Jetty on the night of September 13 was cleared up on Sunday morning, when the body was found on the beach. As was antici pated, ;it proved to be that of a coloured man named 'Joe,' who was employed by the Pollard Opera Bouffe Company, and who missedihe steamer by which that company left for .Melbourne. The body when found waa in a very decomposed state, and hardly recognisable, having been much eaten by fish. The Coroner, who has made enquiries, wjll hold an Inquest this morning. Hospital Items. — On Friday on old man named David Galvin, aged 66, living at East Adelaide, waa admitted to the Hospital suffering from injuries to the head caused through a fall from a haystack. On the same day James Dehney, of Goolwa, a labourer, aged 27, waa admitted to the institution, and had a leg amputated, in consequence of injuries received through being run over by a tramcar. Whisham College.— The Whinham Col lege .Dancing. Class celebrated the closing of the quarter on Friday evening by a plain and fancy dress ball. The pupils were dressed in pleasing and appropriate costumes, they met in the College Lecture Hall, and kept up dancing hnlO. an earlirhonr lii'ttie 'morning. The Highland ifing,'' hornpipe, and several other dances were given 'by some of- the pupils.' Mr. Denholm danced - 'ahean Trews. ' A very pleasant evening was spent. Saturday's Football. — The only senior match played on Saturday was tbat between the South Ad elaides and Ports on the Kensing ton Oval. The wintry weather prevented a very large number of persons being present, but those who did go were rewarded|for their trouble by seeing a first-class game. The result of the match waa a defeat— for the Hrst time for some months— of the Port3, who anly secured 1 goal and 4 behinds to the Souths 4 goals and 9 behind3. . The Disappearance of a Dutchman.— Our Port Wakefield correspondent telegraphs that nothing has yet been heard of the man supposed to be Von der Dippe, a Dutchman, who recently disappeared after announcing his intention to commit suicide. He went out in a boat from Port Wakefield, and did not return. The boat hired by Von der Dippe, whose identity has been established with the missing man, has been found in the mangroves close to the wharf. There is little doubt here that Dippe has succeeded in evading his creditors and escaping. Ariel Bicycle Club Spobts. — The weather waa of the worst description for cycling on Saturday afternoon, when the Ariel Bicycle Club held their first annual sports on the Adelaide OvaL The wind blew most boisterously, and the rain swamped part of the track, besides making the rest muddy. Nevertheless the sports were well contested, even the umbrella bicycle race, which was a diverting exhibition in the high wind. Bis Excellency the Governor, Lady Robinson, and Chief Justice Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, with other notabilities, were present. The Austral band of music had a most trying time, as the wind blew over their stands, scattered their music-books far and wide, causing roars of laughter from the spectators as they witnessed the sudden and undignified chase ot flying ' scores' right in the middle of a melody. The Inspiration of the Bible. — On Sun day evening, in the Port Congregational Church, the Rev. J. C. Kirby preached on ' The Inspiration of the Bible.' He said — ' The peculiar book we call the Bible has existed many ages. There were copies of it fourteen centuries old in Greek, Latin, Gothic, and Ethiopian, and a Syrian copy older still. We had abundant evidence that the Old Testament existed complete 2,000 years ago. But mere antiquity was no proof of inspiration. Old nonsense was still non sense. The age of the Bible only played a part in a certain stage of the argument for inspiration. To feel the weight of the argu ment we should first observe that the Bible was nude up of many books, written by different writers in at least three languages, at intervals of hundred3 of years ; and further that, whenever Genesis was written, it was largely made up of other old books or traditions, for they were written in the most ancient form of the most ancient language of which we have record, vide Ewald. These books contained the history, Iaw3, philosophy, and poetry, and were the chief literature, of a race which had played a front part in the life of mankind for 3,000 years. Theee books were hot made straight off like the Koran or the Book of Mormon, but were made by many of the brightest minds of a great people. Notwithstanding the diversity there was in the Bible a wondrous unity of idea and purpose. The fact and the nature of the Unity were the patent evidence of in spiration. 'The seed of the woman shall Inruiae the serpent's head' was the root thought of Scripture. The preacher then showed the relation to this cf the call of Abraham, . the work of Moses, the wonders of Sinai, the prophecies of Balaam, the pro mise to David, the erection of the Temple, the successive predictions of the prophets, the -birth of Christ at Bethlehem, the descent of the Holy Ghost, the establishment of the Church, and how the New Testament prophecy -declared that Christ should come again in glory, cast the serpent into the lake of fire, and then that Paradise should be more than regained. Written by many men in many ages the books of the Bible found a unity in an amazing complex idea about an amazing being called the Christ, and when he found that the life, the glory, and the shame of a great nation had clustered round this Christ, his reason and his heart made him own the Bible inspired. The Bible recorded some glimpses of the personal life of Jesus. That life was plainly inspired with love to God and man, with hatred to sin and love of justice. If one could read without feeling the fire of Christ's inspiration. Christ was the centre of the . unity which proved inspiration to the reason, and the power if inspiration in the Scriptures to the heart. Che argument from prophecy was not to be lespised. The fulfilment of a prophecy might iot prove inspiration, bnt we found in Scrip ture scores of predictions, and we found many of these referred to great matters, such as the fall of Tyre, Babylon, Nineveh, Persia, Greece, and Home. Then we f ound. predictions about the Church of God, and the great battle between right and wrong, and the final victory at the end of the world. Then, again, all these prophecies centred round the idea of the Christ. The testimony of Jesus was the very spirit of prophecy. Moreover, events were foretold hundreds of yews before their occurrence, e.g., Deut. xxviii., as to the dis persion of the Jews ; and also the prophecies of the details of Christ's sufferings. The hnmb-r, grandeur, and unity of the predictions of the Scriptures evinced their inspiration from God. Objection had been made that the Hebrew language was dead 700 B.C. It certainly was not dead before the final captivity, which was about 588 B.C. They did not forget their own tongue while in their own land. Besides, several books of the Scripture were written in Hebrew after the return from captivity. There were coins extant with Hebrew motto 143 B.C. Spinoza was no authority on philology. We had learned the cognate lan guages of Assyria and Babylon since bis day. Anable modern writer says : — ' Some common notions of the laxity and indefinitenes3 of the Hebrew have no other foundations than the very inadequate scholarship of the persons who form them.' There were diffi culties, and our copies were not perfect in every jot and tittle. We had fair copies, and that was enough for reasonable people. Our copies carried 99 per cent, of the inspiration of the original. The inspiration of the Bible did not depend upon its petty details, but on its revelation of the Eternal Father, its explanations of sin, sorrow, and salvation, and its proffers of pardon, conversion, sancti fication, and glory. These stupendous realities evinced from generation to generation the inspiration of the Bible. Fbeethought. — On Sunday evening Mr. John McLaren delivered his second lecture in reply to Miss Ada Campbell, whom he treated a3 'a ialse proohetess' who had ' enunciated treasonable utterances.' There was a full attendance, and at the dose a col lection was taken in aid of the Benevolent Strancera' Friends' Society, which realized £7. A New Use fob Melons.— A diet of melons is not popular in Northern lands (says an English paper). We can, therefore, without misgiving, calmly pity those South ern people with whom in the dog days it is a question of melons or death. M. Levat, a learned member of the French Academy of Sciences, has just discovered that melons contain a somewhat considerable proportion of alcohoL This inquisitive gentleman decorticated three kilogrammes of melon, put it through a course of scientific treat ment, and obtained therefrom five lities of alcohol, perfectly Bormal and ueeable. The discovery reduces by one the little luxuries of the Southern and tropical teetotallers, if such there be ; but it i3 not unlikely to have a happy effect upon French agriculture. After a wet summer trench cultivators find their melons almost unsaleable. Henceforth, however, they hope to pet a good price for these magic gourds from the distillers. The Oaths Bill.— The Australasian says : ? «? ijr. Symon haa been more successful in passing his Abolition of Oatha Bill through the South Australian Assembly than could have been expected. It has passed the House without a division. Not oaly this, but the only change in it is one which widens its scope. Instead of limiting the abolition to Courts of Justice, it ia now extended to all judicial' proceedings of any kind, and to evidence before arbitrators, and in this widened application it passed through Com-j mittee. All opposition to the Bill seems to have died a natural death. It was time that the clerical opposition to it which waa raised; by the Adelaide clergy a couple of years ago, should become extinct when we see in the same paper which records the passing of the' Bill through Committee a report of a clerical1 witness refusing to be sworn in the Supreme1 Court on the ground that the taking of an. oath was, in his religious belief, unlawful.! It would be hardly fair for the clergy to call: upon the State to insist on the administering of oaths in the interests of religion when the opinion is held by some of their own number-, that the practice is detrimental to religion.' It will probably be not Ion; before the move ment so successfully initiated by Mr. Symon will be taken up and imitated in the other Australian colonies.' Koumiss. — Koumiss haa become a very common article of diet with dyspeptics, and, according to the Chicago Review, it may be made at home at a cost of about 15 cents per quart. The following directions are given for its manufacture :— Fill & quart champagne bottle up to the neck with pure milk ; add two tablespoonfuls of white sugar, after dissolving the same in a little water over a hot fire ; add also a quarter of a two cent cake of compressed yeast. Then tie the cork on the bottle securely, and shaks the mixture well; place it in a room of the temperature of 50' to 95° Fahrenheit for six hours, and finally in . the icebox over night. Drink in such quantities as the stomach may require. It will be well to observe several important injunctions in preparing the koumiss, and they are — To be sure that the milk is pure ; that the bottle is sound ; that the yeast is fresh ; to open the mixture in the morning with great care, on account of its effervescent properties ; not to drink it at all if there is any curdle or thickening part resembling cheese, as this indicates that the fermentation has been prolonged beyond the proper time. Make it as you need to use it. The virtue of koumiss is that it re freshes and stimulates, with no after reaction from its effects. Iz is often almost impossible to obtain good fresh koumiss, especially away from large towns. The above makes it possible for any physician to prescribe it. The Coinage of the Mint in 1883.— From the report of the Master of the Mint, just issued, as to the operations' of his de partment during 1883, it appears that the total number of pieces struck wa3 39,119,714, as against 3,679,292 in 1882, and their value real or nominal— £2,775,461 I63. 2d. The total number of Imperial coins struck during the year was 36,442,214, and their value was as follows: — Gold — half -sovereigns, £1,435,228 10s. Silver— half-crowns, £372,847 7s. 6d.; florins, £355,566 14s.; shillings, £364,072 10s.; sixpences, £124,663 19a.; four pences (maundy), £84 18s. 8d.; threepences, £54,6S014s. 9d.; twopences (maundy), £6053. 4d.; pence (maundy), £48 123. 9d.— £1,272,025 2s. Bronze— pence, £25,989 6s. 6d.; half pence, £6,251 10s. 2d.; farthings, £1,175 14s. 2d.-£33,416 10s. 10&; grand total, £2,740,670 2s. lOd. As regards gold coinage, the amount of gold coined during the year consisted only of half-sovereigns of the value of £1,435,228. This amount was sufficient to meet the im mediate requirements of the Bank of Eng land ; but the coinage executed would have been larger had not a heavy simultaneous demand for silver and bronze coin rendered it desirable on several occasions to put aside for a time the coinage of gold. The amount of gold coin from the Australian Mints re ceived by the Bank of England during the year was £1,518,000. This sum was con siderably less than the amount received in 18S2, and was more than £1,000,000 below the average of recent yeara. , .'.'-. Length of our Lives Increasing.— At a' recent International Health Exhibition held in London, Sir James Paget delivered, an, address before the Association, the Prince of Wales being present. The learned physician asserted that people live longer than formerly, : and that leas sicknes3 prevails among the: mass of people, and he then gives the follow ing reasons for the decrease oE mortality during the last few years : — ' There is Ies3 from intemperance, less from immorality; ?we have better, cheaper, and more various food, far more and cheaper clothing, far more and healthier recreations. We have, on the whole, better houses and better drains, better water and air. and beter ways of using them. The care and skill with which the sick are treated in hospitals, infirmaries, and even in private houses, are far greater than they were, the improvement and exten sion of nursing are more than can bedescribed ; the care which the rich bestow on the poor, whom they visit in their own homeSj is every day saving health and life ; and even more effectual than any of theae is the work done by the medical officers of health and all the sanitary authorities now active and influential in every part of the Kingdom. But we want,' adds the lecturer in closing, ' more ambition for health— a personal ambition for renown in health ae keen as is that for bravery or for beauty, or for success in our athletic games and field sports.' ? Working M^n's Club. — The eighteenth concert, which waa held on Saturday night, was a great success. There was a large attendance, and an interesting programme was carried out successfully. The Chairman announced that the Working Men's Cricket Club had been started with about fifty members, and the following officers had been elected :— Patron, Hon. J. C. Bray; Presi dent, Mr. W. P. Wicksteed ; Vice-Presidents, Hon. W. K. Simms, M.L.C., G. D. Green, M.P., Dr. Todd, Messrs. P. McRoatie, A. Armbrnsier, and other gentlemen. Chalmers Church. — On Sunday evening, September 21, a service of praise on the ' Life of Wycliffe ' was conducted in this Church. The singing of the school children under the leadership of Mr. Daniels was very good, while the connective remarks by the pastor (the Rev, D. Paton) were particularly effective. Wivell's Art Union.— The drawing for prizes in Wivell's Art Union of South Aus tralia took place in Mr. WivelVs Art Gallery on Saturday afternoon, the 20th. Mr. Thomas Worenop was appointed Chairman ; Messrs. Westwood, Parker, and Reynolds acted as scrutineers ; Miss Starnes and Miss Eaton superintended the ballot-boxes. The success ful numbers will be found in our advertise ment columns. Barn Implements and Machines.— We have received from Mr. W. C. Rigby another copy of Scott's farm engineering text books, dealing with barn implements, being a practical treatise on the application of power to the operations of agriculture, and on various machines used in the stockyard, dairy, poultry yard, and other parts of a well arranged farm. Though written with special reference to England, the bock has much in it that will be of value to the South Aus tralian farmer. The fact that the work is written by Mr. John Scott, late Professor of Agriculture and Rural Economy at the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester, ia fa guarantee that there is something worth reading in the book. The Port Gawler axd Virginia Show. In our report of this Show it was stated that i the prize for the best side of bacon was taken by Mr. R. Gilks, and the prize for Dorkings (coloured) by 'Messrs. Hatchett Brothers. Messrs. Gartrell & Stephens, Willaston, write to say they tooa Dotn snese prizes. Poultry and Dog Show.— The prizes won at the recent Poultry and Dos Show wul be distributed at the Sir John Barleycorn this evening. 'My Trip to England.'— Mr. Gqombe will deliver a lecture bearing this title in the Bible Christian Ufauich, Bowden, this even ing. ESCOURAGING LOCAL INDUSTRIES. — Ameet- ing of manufacturers and producers will be heldintheChamberofManDracturesthiseven ing to consider Mr. Caldwell's motion for the encouragement of local industries and the development of the colony's resources. ' Ultimo.'— This comedy will be produced in the Albert Hall this evening. Rives Levels. — The following was the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. on September 20:— Gun- dagai, 5 it 3 in.; Wai?ga Wagga, 6 ft 3 in.; Hay, 9 ft 6 in. ; Balranald, 9 ft. 10 in.; Namoi, Barwon, Walgett, Brewarrina, Bourke, Goodoga, Mungundi, and MogiL low; Lonth, 2 ft 6 in., falling ; TUpa, 2 ft. falling ; Pooncarie, 7 ft 5 in., falling; Went worth, 8 ft. 3 in.; Albory, 3 ft S in.; Wab-mnyah, 5 ft 10 in. ; Swan HHL 8 ft 10 in. ; Euston, 9 ft.; Overland Corner, 5 ft 4 in. we suppose, for the same reason. ''Gad, air,1* says- » fool- in one of- Wycherley*s comedies, '? I go to a play as to a country treat; I carry -my own wine to one and my own wit to t'other, or else I'm rare I should not be merry at either. And the reason why we aie so often, louder than the players is because we think we speak more wit.' 