OPENING OF. ST. JOSEPH'S CONVENT AT GLEN INNES. (EEOM OUE COEEESPOHDEim) On Tuesday, January 15th, four Sisters of St. Joseph, accompanied by the Right Eev. Dr. Tor reggiani, Bishop of Armidalo, and tho Eev. J. H. Doyle, of Narrabri, aoaisted at Glen Innes. They were mot at Gloneos, a distance of about 12 miles, by oho Eev. Father Marianus, O.ELF.Q., and a large number of the loading Catholics, and escorted by them to town. Arriving at tho con vent, where a very large number of ladioa and gentlemen haa previously met to welcome the Bisters, his Lordship, with well- chosen and suit .'Able words, thanked them for the hearty and encouraging welcome they hadeo kindly accordod (he good Sisters ; and all returned full of joy frorn the most happy event they had juofc wit nessed. On tho following day an rppcal was made to tho ? tiongrogation by Mr. Patrick Kinaolla to provide for the requirements of the Sictoro, which appeal, I am happy to ony, was moat gonorouoly responded to by all tho peop'io at largo. On Sunday, r.t 8 o'clock, hio Lordship celo brated tho first Maso, nod administered tho Holy Communion to a largo number of people. At 11 o'clock all tho children and adults who wore fco bo confirmed walked in pvocoaoioa irom tho conyenfc to the church under the direction o£ the Sisters of St. Joseph ; and I must say that such a sight mado, indeed, a striking and very deep impression on all those who v/itnessed it. After tho children and the good Sisters bad taken their seats, which had already been provided for them outsido the sanctuary railo, the Eev. Father Marianus, O.S.F.C, tho worthy pastor of (Hen Innos, cele brated Mass (coram ejnscopo), and hi3 Lordship at the end of tho Haas delivered a vory touching oermon on the ' Working of the Holy Ghost in the Church,' which was indued most suitable for the ooeaaion. Soon after tho address his Lord ohip administered tho Sacrament of Confirmation to the candidates who had already boon prepared for such a Gacramont by tho Eev. Father Maria nus, O.S.F.C. After administering the Sacra manfc of Confirmation, bis Lordship called upon the Eev. Father Marianuo, O.S.F.C, and upon Mr. P. Kinsella, the secretary of the Church Committee, to lay befora the people a general statement of the administration of the mission. Then Mr. P. Kinsella came forward, and received from his Lordship's hands the balance=sheefc to road it out to the assembled congregation. The public statement, as read by Mr. P. Kinsella, shows that St. Joseph's Convent, including fur nishing, fencing, etc., cost3 £1364 183 4d. To meet this expenditure tho congregation hao already subscribed £245 5s 4d, and the Eev. Father Maricnus, O.S.F.C,. has given a donation out of big own private resources of £440 Ido 5d, so that tho balance in debt up to the 19fch of January, 1884, is £678 17s 7d0 To wipe away this amount now due, hia Lordship proposed to hold a bazaar at the opening of the railway to Glen Inneo ; and for this purposo his Lordship called upon tho ladies and gentle men of the congregation, requesting them to work together, and to exert themselves to bring this important matter to a successful issue. The proposal of his Lordship to hold a bazaar at the opening of the railway into Glen Innes has been favourably received by 'the public in general, andjl am happy to state that several ladies and gentle men are now working hard to make the said bazaar a success. The statement of the building fund and administration of tho mission as an nounced by Mr. P. Kinsella gave general satis faction to the congregation at large. And Mr. P. Kinsella, on behalf of the committee, raid the as sembled congregation, addressed bis Lordshin in a few well-chosen words, thanking him for the great interest ha has always taken in the welfare of fche mission, and the district at largo j and more specially for bringing amongst them tho good Sisters of St. Joseph. In the evening at 7.30., his Lordship, assisted bj the Eev. Father Marianus, O.S.F.C., and by several acolytes, officiated at vespers, after which the Eev. Father Marianus, O.S.F.C, delivered a powerful and eloquent sermon on tho moot holy name of Jesus ; showing that the name of Jsbuq waB indeed a divine name, because it wao given by God tho Father ; that it was a great name, for by it the most striking and wonderful miracleo were always wrought ; aud that there is no other name under Heavon whereby man can be caved. The eubject waa ? indeed well treated by argu ments taken from the Scriptures, from the holy Fathers of the Church, and from reason itself. The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, which was afterwords given by hia Lordship, brought the solemn services of the day to a close. 