ON A PASSAGE IN HAMLET. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — Perhaps you will permit me to break a lance in literary tournament with the critic of my article in the current number of the Virtnrinn. Review*, whose remarts armpjir in your ibsue ui we ajiu uiauuiu xiua la WUlit he savB : — ' Mr. Blair very rightly says that we should not expect a smooth, tripping, con nected elocutionary exercise just before the Ghost appears, but he is certainly not war ranted in saying; that the wooden-headed commentators take no account of this, seeing that S. T. Coleridge took thi3 very view some seventy years ago. Beside3 this oversight, which, in a man like Mr. Blair, is distinctly culpable, we have to object to the simple artifice of inserting dashes which Mr. Blair recommends for tie understanding of the passage. People who apprehend the situa tion of Hamlet do not expect unbroken verses, and those who do not will find the punctuation oi Delius, as given in the Leo pold Shakspeare, much more explanatory than Mr. Blair's. When he says that in the stage representation of the play the Ghost takes his cue from the last words of the line 'More honoured in the breach than the obsirvance,' he might have added, as a sort of explanatory remark, that it is with this line that the first folio edition of 1623 ends.' 1\. As to my culpability. My article was written with an open volume lying before me, which may, or may not, be known to my critic. The volume was the first of the two small quartos that contain Dr. Howard Furcess:s (of Boston) ruricrum edition ~of Hamlet. In bulk these two volumes contain more printed matter than all Shakspeare's collective works. They are absolutely indis pensable, as an apparatus critiats, for the study of this magnihcent drama. Not to be acquainted with .them; is to lack much of the knowledge-: and information which -- every stn&ent; of Shakspeare should possess. May ask if nry- eritic ^possesses, or has access to,, the volnmeBinquestion?*'' -? . ? . . 2\. If he has any acquaintance with them he will know that iny article waa written' with full before my eyes. Coleridge's criticism of ;the passage which forms the -subject of my article. Now, it would indeed nave been bdt a wretched piece of literary workman ship on my part if I had exposed myself to a charge of palpable ignorance of .the matter I was writing about, which charge could have been sheeted home to me by simply opening an accessible volume at a particular page. 3\. I have been the humble student and disciple of Samuel Taylor Coleridge for about forty years. His. Shakspearian criti cisms are as familiar to me as are the im mortal dramas themselves. 1 did not need to look- into Dr. Furnesa'a volume to read his explanation of the cause why Hamlet's dis Eertation on Danish wasaailing is involved, disjointed, aud parenthetical I did not sup p^oee, indeed, that any intelligent reader of bhakspeaTe can fail either to note the fact or to divine the cause of it. Certainly I take no credit to myself for having made any such astonishing discovery. But 4\. Coleridge is not a commentator on Shaka peare. Coleridge is a Shakspearian critic, and the prince of critics in that department. On this point 1 entirely agree with Charles Knight (see the last words of hia ' Shaka peare Studies'), and I hold that, in spite of the able German criticism of very recent date, Coleridge still maintains the supreme 'position. There is & world of difference between a critic and a commentator. The one is to the other as Theobald is to Cole ridge, or asNeander is- to Barnes. The Shaks pearian commentators are the editors of hia dramas, who tamper vilely with his text, and venture upon all sorts of silly 'emendations' and stupid 'corrections.' To this clas3, I repeat, Coleridge does not belong. ? 5\. My critic — assuming Mb acquaintance with Dr. Furness's volumes— b aware that no less than ten closely printed quarto pages are filled with ' emendations' and ' correction^' by the commentators of the passage which forms the subject of my article. Those ten pages are a printed memorial cf almost sublime scholarly stupidity. Every form of silliness and ineptness is there illustrated and exhibited. The seven closely printed pages alone containing the suggested alterations in the last two lines of Hamlet's speech — The dram oi sale doth all the noble substance, Of a doubt, to his own scandal— contain more matter than there is contained in the entire play ! And all this enormous mass of learned stupidity is reduced in an instant to nil by the simple suggestion that Hamlet spoke in broken, disconnected senses, unconscious, just then, of what he was saying. This is iny contention, as set forth in my article ; and this elucidation neither Coleridge nor any other critic that I know of has fliKtinofclv mndfi rw-fnre mp 6\. Now. as to Delius, as he is set forth in Furnivall s edition of the plays. Delius is a commentator, not a critic, and the most wooden-headed of the whole lot He tampers with the text incessantly : he ia a foreigner, and ignorant of the English language ; and his 'emendations' are, in most cases, miracles of grotesque stupidity. E. tr. Delius silently - inserts the reading— The dram of 6afe Doth aQ the noble sntwtance, oft and out, ? To his own scandal ^^ for the true Shakspearian text. 'What is the meaning of a ' dram of bale f What, in the name of common sense, do the words, 'Doth oft the noble substance oft and out to hi3 own. scandal,' convey of intelligent statement to the mind of any English reader? The so called ' correction' is stark staring nonsense ! ' No ! Ab a humble student of Shakspeare, I do not follow Delius as a guide and teacher, I refuse to sit at thia ignorant German's feet to study my English Shakspeare. . ? „ 7\. The- -reason why' I did -not give my readers the information that the passage I. was dealing with ia hot found in the nrst folio edition of 1623 was because I find it noted in the school edition of 'Hamlet' issued by the Cambridge editors-^the school-book which my own children are using at this moment— that the passage in question is 'omitted ia the folios.' I was fearful lest, if I had copied that statement, some exquisitely acute critic in Adelaide might charge' me with shame lessly plagiarising from a common school book. ? - 1 conclude with all friendly ? feelings and mutual courtesies to my sharp critic' in your columns. But I would take the ; liberty, in parting with him, of recommending him to abstain from dealing critically with the play of 'Hamlet' in future, until he shall have provided himself with the indispensable two volumes of the American variorum edition of that masterpiece of the human intellect I am, Sir, &c.; r DAVID BLAIR. Melbourne, July 29. ' [We have referred this letter to our critic, who writes as follows : — ' I am afraid that Mr. Blair has mistaken the drift of the criti cism, passed upon his paper. He was blamed,, not for haying a rare book, but for not acknowledging a common book. Mr. Blair says that Hamlet speaks the passage in a ' mood of tumultuous agitation of soul. . . . As he continues speaking hi3 words fail him ; his ideaa surge and whirl through his brain ; and' the deep perturbation'of his mind expresses itself in Ms incoherent and broken sentences.' This is quite true, but it is not new. Here ia what S. T. Coleridge eays in the passage quoted by Dr. Furness — 'Thesame desire to escape from the impending thought is carried on in Hamlet's account of, and moralizing on, the Danish custom of was sailing ; he runs off from the particular to the nniversal, and in his repugnance to personal and Individual concerns escapes, as it were, from himself in generalizations, and smothera the impatience and uneasy feelings of the moment in abstract reasoning.' This is not exactly what Mr. Blair says, but it is at least near enough to warrant the quotation of the elder critic. _ Mr. Blair is not quite fair in ^hurling Delius and hia 'grotesque stupidity' at my head; I aid # not say anything about his emendations^ but recommended his punctuation of the passage as better than Mr. Blair's. All the eloquence expended on the ' dram of bale' has nothing to do with the point at issue. There is, of course, as great a difference between a commentator and a critic as there is between verbal and sesthetic criticism, but it is not very easy to define the difference exactly. If Mr. Blair, when he says that Coleridge is & critic, not' a com mentator, means that he does not# com ment on, or emend, the text, he ia not correct. Coleridge, I take it, ia both critic and commentator, and when Mr. Blair talks of 'wooden-headed - commentators,' he treated the family, to which Coleridge, in a Bense, belonged, too contemptuously. I fail to see why Mr. Blair disdained to give certain information bearing upon his subject, merely because it was contained in a school edition. On thia point I need only refer him to Dr. Furness, who gives the various reasons sug eestfid by commentators for the omission of the bulk of the speech, from which we may gather that it was not considered altogether unimportant. It would have been no harm for him to have given some reason for the fact that ' in the stage representation of the. play the gtoal takes h'ia cue* from the. last words of the line, 'More honoured in . th^ breach than the observance;'' and that reason is probably that the_ first folio of 1623, and, I might have added, the quarto of 1603, does not contain the lines' which follow. Last, as to the personal part of Mr. Blair's letter, couched aa it is in a friendly and courteous form. When Sir Lancelot happened to meet a younger knight at a joust of inns he treated' him m courtly fashion with that chivalry which beseemed him; and, when I decline *to break a lance in literary tournament1 with Mr. Blair it is simply the submission of one who would deem it no disgrace to be unhorsed- by one ^of- the oldest and most respected literary men in Australia. Butatthe same time I contend that I had grounds for writing as I did of Mr. Blair's last paper, and of these grounds tha public may juag_ev Mr. Blair- knows better than I do that it is weU-nigoJsipossible to get Dr. Howard Furness'a variorum .edition of * Hamlet' Personally, I only know of one' happy possessor of it in Adelaide. I wish I could say that I was that man. But Mr. Blair will be glad to know that, through tae kindness of a friend, I teas able to make use of what he calls the ' indispensable two volumes.' :-— Ed.] 