Tonm Glanders of Squatters' Gulch. Ai sTORn o COLOMAO. TaE Stranger was drunk. : There was' no mistaking it. He waslalso ugly. There was no room for a doubt of that either. Physico ally, mentally, morally, he was both drunk and ugly.' The hilarious patrons of the Tarantula Saloon had for some hours been watching his increasing opulence of alcohol. ism and combativeness with that interest which always marked them when prospects of a fight became prominent. In Squatters' Gulch a fight was as full of attractiveness as a strawberry festival notoriously is in a Now England village. The sturdy pioneer who conducted the local theatre had been known to take advantage of this fact with great linancial profit to himself. Being aware that two of the most energetic warriors of the our rounding country had sworn to carve and otherwise render each other the reverse of ornamental, or even useful, the first time they should meet, this genial person sent each of them a complimentary ticket to his hall. lie then caused to be circulated the report that they were to be present at the Albambra Palace--such was the resplendent title by which his resort was known to local fame upon the evening following. His losses had been severe. The inhabitants of Squatters' (;Glh had no fondness for dramatic art as bhre interpreted. " Macbeth," " Hamlet," and" Sardanapalus," performed by six per. sons, had no attractions for their sordid senses. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverses wore aryply set right by the stroke of managerial genius which I have here recorded. "he house was packed. So were the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing.room brought as high a figure as twenty dollars per square foot. The canvas top of the Alhambra Palace had been removed for the occasion, and the view was good. The warriors met. One of them re luested the other, with that poetic sense of chivalry wich characterised the early moon tain settler, to spit in his eye-an invitation which was promptly accepted. The fight that followed was always remembered in the inlch. How the Tall Slasher of the Rappa lannock dexterously removed both ears from the head of Sacramento John, and was him sell most elaborately lacerated in return, are matters of history. The town went half mad with admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in this little entertainment was for years re arded olmost with reveronco. It may be supposed, therefore, that the emovements of the Stranger, upon the night of which I write, were viewed with something more than common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into the Taran tula Saloon duriny the evening, until the tales were all well surrounded, and the bar vas lined with watfhful observers. "Wh's the stranger" inquired Tom Cath. rl in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Judge Gashwilder. I" Dunno," briefly responded that judicial u?omry, throwing his hand down in a dis. gustaed way; " h's un'y just arriv', and it's my legal opinion as how if he eeps on, 10'1 re!ach the end,'of his lariatl etmely etuic' l lariat, extremcly "I've half a minld," mused Mr. Catheart, plcasstly, ' to rise up and give him a benefit dtoal. don't like no Mliseouri mud-eator o stand the boys up like he's doing." "Nhever mind " affably rejoinsddudde Oaals. ,ildecr, withi that air of autlhorty whleh gave riniors upon the bench great weight; honld on a hit. Fur- lined Georgo will be along Aon, and the stranger will have to taeo water then. Lot him go on. Gimme lwo Cared." "?ello I" ejaculated Mr.j :Cathcart, a momset Iater; "thle ball has begun." Everybody in the room had arjsen to leis lee:. The tall Mlissoerian, a man of angular frav and sinister visage, Iead as last ouc. eedlindrawingsomo bed intonaontrovery late d oee nibqnuatters' Gulehwero about "H iumph I " muttered Mr. Cathcart, it's a Gai. n stem for him to pick a row with hilsor. T hel poor ohap can scarcely hold •t - ead up, let alono fighting. I've a oft'oed notion to sail in mysell." ld on," utined Judge Oas hwilder, h ni index linger laid knowingly along " e Thomans Glnndlors is all right ; lhae he? bht Ouae. Look tlcre I" Te 'quarrel t the bar lhad been growleng ? ?The .Strmanger, inflamed with the y liuor no ?ad been drinking, had selected Sth least ofeno en to the etl erent as" .. . in the settle. i the, special object of his displeasure. iste rson, a Mr. Thomas llandeera, was a a respectably dr • man, with a stolid e a dejcntd manner, who was looked ll'n f&riendly;, often inityhng, lihllt by .in tea 'u There lhad boon sometlhing S s lif-that was known to the entire population of the Gulch. What it was, no one preelelyknow, and no one cared. But nearly everybody took an interest in him, and not a soul lived in the town who would not have fought for his sake at any time. The Stranger was heaping abuse on Glandere's head-abuse which he could not comprehond, and which seemed to hall be. wilder him. But the offensive Missourian went on, goaded to increased fury by his own | words. Still Glandersstood helplesslygazing about him, making no reply, but occasionally passing the back of his rough brown hand aoross his forehead. Finally, in a transport of rage, L the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He spoke for the first tine. "Put it up," he said, quietly, " or I will "kill you." The Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glandere motioned them back. "Put it up, he repeated, firmly, " or I will shoot you in your tracks." The Stranger fired, and a part of Glander's hat fell to the floor. Few of the citizens of the Gulch had known or would have believed he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to be a low and easy.going person, too inoffensive to be trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with violence. But upon this occasion he belied his-reputation. Quickas lightning-so quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement-a derringer sprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through the room, and the Stranger fell to the floor. There was silence for a moment. Then the wotnded Missourian, after writhing a moment where he lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. He was no longer violent. The fumes of the drink had quite evaporated from his brain, and he realized what had happened. Glanders, whose angel had disappeared as quickly as it came, when he saw he was the victor and his lifo was no longer threatened, stopped forward and raised the Stranger's head to his knee. "Whisky," he said, shortly, to the bar. keeper. The liquor was brought, and he poured it between the Stranger a lips. It wee a dra. matio scene. So deep, so solemn was the coloring of the picture, that not a man in the crowd-usually a turbulent one-had as yet uttered a word. The wounded man, some what revived by the stimulant, motioned Glan deor to lean closer, and he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in his red face now, and great beads of perspiration stood out upon his fore head. The Stranger whispered a few words brokenly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to the floor, and then slowly arose to his loot. The hush which had some time ago fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. "Boys," said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly, " I hated to do it, but it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by what you say. IL it was murder,string me up,and be d-d quick about it." A murmur that arose almost to a shout ran through the room. Every man there en dorsed his course. Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. He paused once, drew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned his coat tightly about his throat, and thrust his hands into his pockets with an air that indicated apurpose. "Poor things I" he muttered, as he strode into the night. "They're orphans now, and I made 'em so I " Drawn back some paces from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy settlement of Squat. ters' Gulch, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneer. ing, were known as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly seen through the darkness, were two lean, unhappy.looking horses, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage which the place afforded. At the foot of the tree a heap of smouldering eeors showed that there had been a small fire ebrlier in the night. This was the scene into which Glan. ders peered half an hour after the tragic oc currence I have just described. For a long time he eat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the polo of the waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned he might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over the events of the evening. Perhaps ho was framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of his reverie, and arose to his feat. Thomas Glanders was a methodical man. For years lie had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions could discover, but never complaining of ill fortune or pain. Men supposed he musthave money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had difficulty in meeting his obligations. To the suffering he was always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, when charity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him, He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at pres cribed times, and he drank his four glasses of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. His was a pure matter.of-fact life. Whatever bad luck came to him-and it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune-ho ac cepted it without a word of complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he had a touch of more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never a sign of jubilation in his conduct. He rarely talked, saving when words were absolutely necessary. What ha had to do ho did, and he made very little fuss about it. When Glanders arose from his position upon the pole of the waggon, his first operation was to pile a few 'sticks of wood upon the coals. In a little while there was a blaze, which, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Glander's footstep about the place, apparently aroused some deg ree o life inside the waggon, for there was a slight move ment, and then a childish voice, rather potu. lant in its tune, said: "The old man, I s'poso-dog.gone Iim." "Sht up I" reo pnded another voice, obviously that of a lad," or you'll get another larnupin'. El he's full, heo'a assy." Glanders leaned against the tree, and all became quiet again. For the second time since he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, his reflections were so absorbing that he lost all conscious. ness of what was passing around him. He did not oven notice that the canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aporture thus formed. It was entirely without Iis knowledge that the owner of tlhoso curious eyes stole out of tli waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until she spoke was he aware of her presence. "WVllhere's the old man?" wore the flrt words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was up turned to his. l'erhaps it was the flickering of the lirelight that caused the quick shade that fell across his face. flut it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetuously: "Don't you hear ? What in blazes is thel matter of you ? Whoro's the old man ?" "lown the guleh," replied Glandors, slowly and with some dilieulty. " Oh," said theo girl, with an odd mixture of naroasnm and curiosity. "lie esont you Uip to sriy he was drunk, I s'pose. Said he wouldn't be home till he got good and ready -didn't he?: Told you to tell uit sharp, or he'd lick both of us when he]got home, I reckon-hey ?" "Does he beat you, then ?" asked Glan dora, with a weak attempt at evasion. "Does he? Now you :just bet he does. AndlI've got my opinion of albig loafer that licks a little gal like me, what can't help hersell. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put. under the daisies with his boots on--you hear me ? " Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But hewae strangely attracted to the big. eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the face and ejecting her weordalwith an energy that would have .been ludicrous under other circumetances. She was'a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was curly'and light, and it fell in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She was :poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the cramping in. fluenco of shoes. There was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glander's eyosas he looked at this child standing there in the firplight and re garding him fixedly. " Come "here," he said, after a while; "coma here and talk with me, I want to ask you aomo questions." He went over and sat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for aj.moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for amoement, and she approached him without shyness. "I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone.. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It ain't cause you're hand. some-that's dead sure." Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear. ance. With him it was no time for idle wrds or thoughts. "Tell me,"lihe said, whoa the girl had settled herself on the'ground in front of him, "do you like the old man?-are you fond. of him?" "Well," responded the girl, after a pause, "I can't say as I'd like to eat him. Be's too handy with'th back of his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. " But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, ";you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all the bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer bread. But as a gen'ral thing he did the best he tnowed how, and-- Say, what are you thinking about so hard?" Glanders was just at that moment thinking he was abhut'the darkest (criminal in the world. To save himself from possible destruc tion, he had killed a fellow-being-an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiontly infre. quent in those days, and in that section, to call for any speelal regrets upon its own aso count. But Glanders reflected that in de priving the Missouri bully of his lifo, he had also taken away the only prop upon which this helpless child leaned for support, It was a reflection which:filled him'at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain definiteness of purpose. "Sis," said he, after a moment, passing his hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its element of magnetism; " ais, ef tbar was a man-mind ye, I don't say that is a man but of thar teas one as come to you and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children wants a home, bein' without one, yo can come and live along of me, and though it ain't a reflned and eliygant abode, bein' built as it were in the first rude stages o' civilization of any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you anewer ?" The girl looked full in:his face. "Answer ? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning-oely," she hesitated) an instant-" only the old man never'd stand by and let me have such a good thing as~that -never." "He'll never bother ye any more, my child," said Glanders. "Do ye feel very bad about it?" "Bad?" she ecohoed. "Yes. The'old man has been took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's boosom. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into his home is the one as did it." The young girl alerted back, and regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Pro mently, after peering into his eyes for some little time, she said: "Then I don't believe it was 'your fault. You ain't the ikind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's ae.tonishin' he hasn't kotched it afore." Olanders topk a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. " Then," said he,"we must be movin'." In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was surprised to soo a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glandera's cabin, and, later in the day, it was still furtherastonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the Stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading explanations put farward by those who con versed upon the subject was the proposition that Glandors's supposititious wife in the States-an appendage which was attached in a greater or less degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legltimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or ox preseed upon the subeoct, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its ouriosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, thoer were some odd developments. The now residents had quietly domesticated themselvcd with that aflluent confidonce which is the dis tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood Of the west, which, being cast this way and that by the changes which constantly occur in new countries, readily accustoms itself to fresh ourroundings. One night, sitting be fore the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and the children on the door at his feot, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders bioke the silence. " Sis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business particklorly, but, at theb same timo, it ain't rsasonable for mo to go on always nacallin' of yo 'Sis,' and the young chap 'Dub.'" "That's so, I reckon," promptly replied the oucng girl. "y name's Lucy Dryton. And is'n," pointing to the boy, his'n is Iobert. His t'othor name nin't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother. Iis name is llathbun-ltobert tathbun. hollo I What's up, Mr. Tom?" "Nothin'," roplied Clanders, whose face had suddenly become rigid. "On'y I rapped my pipe, that's all. Go( to bed, poungsters, I want to think. IHold up a bit. I What becanme of yor mother--Bob ?" "Dead, sir. Drownded in the Missouri verplow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby." Whole theyvwore gone,.and for loure after ward, Glanders eat lookl'ng gloomily into the 5rc. "Pore gal," he muttered, after a long time. "El matbrs had come out a feetle different, that wood hey bin my boy. Mine. Well, what to hnder now?" Having by some acute mental process con vinced hissoelf that nothing was to hinder, Glanders wmt thoughtfully to bed. The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Cblorado sun, melted slowly away into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came the budding spring, the lazy summer, and the blushag autumn again. So the weeks glided int, months, and the months closed into years,until Squatters' Gulch, ashamed of its roughand uncouth name of other days, adopted thb more exalted title of Clarion City. Then were other changes, too, in the genial atmsephere surrounding the place. The rough sad somewhat uncouth dwellings which formaly covered the steep sides of the ravine had anuoat entirely disappeared, and their place were filled with more sightly cottages. Teo busines part of the town had grown comr ennerately with the other por tions of ClaO City, and the place presented an alto r sightly appearance, cosily tucked awamong the pince-clad foothills. In a taste I cottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders an the members of his family, who have heretol e been described in this yora lous narrati . It was a pretty place, and it was marked re and there by the unmie. takablo trace of a woman's presence. Neat white curtain ung in the windows, a ham. mock swong n the verandah, and a trailing vine grew ave the posts by the door. One night, as the an was climbing down across the western , the verandah was ocaupied by w young pe e. A strong hearty young man was swinging the hammock, while sitting beside him, moving the network back. ward and Io ard, was a lithe and graceful girl. She wa lushing deeply, but not hang. ing her head. here was, indeed, in her large blue eyes a it of open frankness, which I do not think often found about the faces of young women bon they are discussing the subject which as at that moment occupying her attention, "There to m?ething which seems almost like sacrilege out it, Robert," she said, with a touch of r onstrance in her voice. " I bad grown to inkyou my brother in reality, as well as by asociation." "But you ve me, Lucy. You have told me so." Hi voice was deep, and not un musical to I ear. And it had about it, in the time of ending, a persuasive tenderness. which, I fear nre than one of the flattering damsels of t Gulch had found it difficult to resist. But iss Lucy was not of the com. man sort, an she did not heedlessly assent to the propositi advanced. hat." aasked, presently, "would he think?" It was a arent that the young man did not require more definite descriptive term to understa who was referred to.. "He we scarcely object, Lucy. You know he luy both of us very dearly, and his greatest h mess would be in making us plied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. "But if- e would rather we did not seek this kind o appiness, Robert-you know we own him great deal. Our home, our rescue fIoaan existence that would have left as botho?re to be pitied than If we were dead, ouedueation-all were given as by him. We can ~areely do anything that may bring him paiRltobert." The yang man in the hammock was silent for a momnt. "Tell m," he said, in a little while, "why you suppoq there is any danger that he will objeot. Uiss Luo?s face aesumed a deeper scarlet. "II-I-well nothing. It is probably my imagination" " Will yoaask him ?" Another puso. Then in a low voice: " Yes. I wilrsk him to.night, if lhe does not speak first. I he consents, Robert, I will do all that you hve asked." "That's adear, sweet Lucy," exclaimed Robcrt,.sprin ng to his feet and 'kissing her lips. "We sll hbe very happy." As he strolld down the hill, Miss Luey's eyes followed his retreat?ng figure sadly. When he wae gone she drew a long and slightly treamnus breath, and laid her head against the pot. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent nps the ground, when a heavy footfall around her attention. Mr. Thomas Olanders, retuning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glandrs we have known hereto fore. His eyeowere serener now than they were of old, a:d his tread had not that ele. ment of besittion which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine owner and operator, with 1 pretty home, and the bene. fits of solicitos female society, was rather inclined to bean ornament to his sex, al though there mre momeits, I must relate, when he did no occupy a similar relation to the English language. " Good evenn', Lucy, he said, kindly, as he drew a chab up to her side, and seated himself so thatthe folds of her dreis brushed against his knos. "I met Robert as I came up the hill. Afina boy, that, Luoy. .I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father." A moment d silence, during whioh Miss Lucy breathee a trifle quickly. One hand lay unomployel in her lap. Glanders picked it np, and had it in his own. It looked so small, so whie, so lovely, in his great palm, that ha speedly covered it up by drawifdg his brown fingersabout it. " It's a whter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively, "thoughit ain't much bigger than it was whoq.I first took it into mine, that night under the big tree. Ah, my girl, I idn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine that you woyld be so dear to me some day. I didn't know that in the course of time you would get to be- what you are to me. If I had" Another p use. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. " 1t I had," be continued, "I should almost have been /raid to see you." "Afraid " The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. "Afraid I might some time lose you- afraid that some other love but the regard you had for clumsy, poor.spoken old Tom Glan. ders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glan, rs arose and walked to the other ond of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. " Lucy, he began, " child, you are more to mo than I can tell-moro than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for rue, but oce rest after mylifo's struggle. And it has beon a struggle, Lucy, that ain'talwvaye been easyfor to get the host off. But, Luoy, I don't want to tind fault nor to complain, it it has brought mo you. Eh?. Why, child, gou are eryin'. Deary, if I've said anything that's grieved you, don't mind me. L'uy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I live. I take it all back, Luoy, I do, so help me God l" Ir. GlOinders was down by her side, hold ing her hands, and trying to soothe her. In a momodt she became quite ealh. "You have been kind to me," she said, after a little while. '" I was only a stranger's uhild--asetranger who would have taken your life. You took me in, and cared for me, and worked and toiled for me, so that I might have eqmfortes and hbe happy. You took me, a rogg, rough, ill bred ohild, and you gave me the chaneoa to boooms a lady. You hIave earned my-my love, and" - '!Don't speak that way, bucy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that." " You didn't boy it, you-you won it. Tom, I love you very, very doarly. It may not be the kind of love you expect, just yet; but, by and by, when we have grown need to each other, when we have forgotten that we were " " Father and daughter;'ealmost," he broke in.. "Are you sure, Lucy ? Will you never regret thisN?" "lNevr I" she cried, impulsively. "But let it be quick. .Do not wait a day, but have it done at once I It-it must be without de-. lay, or-or " She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek -a kiss whioh sounded almost like a gasp sel was gone. In the gloaming upon his porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy man. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that could never come to him now. In the future-what ? He could not answer, though it seemed very bright. It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens of Clarion City were out in the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little chapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had no ticed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that there were long, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the fact to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the now relations would soon wear it away. Robert did not come home during the night-a habit which, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet ceremony until his arrival, but Lucy had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was some hours after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up any en thusiasm' in Lucy's breast regarding the various topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he mut tored, apologetically, to himself. "When I come back in half an hour she'll be as bright and cheery as ever." For a long time after he went away, Lucy eat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away. In a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but .could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, which spoke more plainly than words. "Yes, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. "I have come, Lucy," continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, " to say good-bye." "Robert I" she gasped, " do not, do not go wam Smust," he said, in a strange tone, re. gaining a part of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in the woman he loved. "Therb is no other course. It would break my.heart to stay here and see you the wife of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day, all that is good about me would fade and fade away, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must be, Lucy. We love each other too dearly to have st otherwise." She was silent. " Good-bye, Lucy," he said, more quietly, taking her hand. " Good-bye," she whispered in a choking veice. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly lnd stealthily to steal away. "Try," said Robert, struggling hard to re. gain his composure, "try to forget me. You ran only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, :f you think of me sometimes, remember me snly as the brother who grew up with you and lovd loved you with-with only a-a brother's .ve. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister." He ttrned on his heel and took a step for. ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. "What was that ?" asked Lucy, turning' if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were both under the rest pine tree "which stood a few paces up he side of the hill. What they saw at that noment will never be forgotten by either of hem. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pine. oeedles, with a look of ineffablo gentleness in its fast glazing eyes, a smile on his lips, and oer portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child. tcander Richardson in the Argonaut. 