T-lin '•liisi-ho-v-a ..Jl.—.Irf. . . .U„.J ...:: , .'. | t| • •> JlABaA:BET HAMP350N,:": | tjfl^GGiioiie'flnafff •'.:. I fjfyffifflffifi;"AuguBt, I ora^ tofpreJihe^oor of the , ifiojit^eaFlato w«lt wred fo^ FKUntered into ibe often room, ..nd sat down to listen to the converation of the loungers there congregated. I was young, and travelling to pass awav the time of my eummc-r vacation, being filled with the love of adventure. As yet life had gone ratbsr monotonously; and I had Strayed away here into the backwoods of Maine in the forlorn hope that I might meet with something strikingly out of the ususl way. Evidently my entrance had interrupted the conversation of the gentlemen; for there followed a pause, broken at last by a tall, military-lookiDg man in rough coat and topboots, "There was a daughter; was'nt tbere, landlord?" be asked. "Yes," replied tfaut individual,BO abruptly that I scrutinised him more closely than I had before done. The scrutiny threw little light on bie character! Qis physiognomy was perfectly uo - readable. He migbt or might notbe a bad man He was short thickset, with a red face, bushy eyebrows, and coldly-glittering steel blue eyes. "Well, it was a startling effair fortbis out of ihe-way place,'' continued he of the topboots. "It .happened four years ago, you say, and the daughter has not beenjheard of since? StraDge." "Yep, it will be four years come next Christmas," said a white-haired old mao. wbo had not before spoken. " A terrible night, sir, freezing cold, and the snow fallings thick it would have blinded you ; and that night old Soger Hampton and^his wife wero murdered; and from that day to this no human eye, so far as we know, has ever£loohed^on Margaret Hampton.'' " Wbat do yoa tbink became of her, Granger ?" asked one of the company, addressing tbe old man. "I? Think? I know not what to| tbink. It was currently reported that ebe dealt the death-wounds, Bnd then fled to sa?e herself from suspicion; but I believe nothing of that kind. I remember her as a lovely and affectionate girl,and of tbat murder^sbe^is as[pare as tbe angels in heaven." "Of what were you speaking, "gentleman, if I may inquire ?" 1 asked, drawing up to table tbe where they were sitting. " We were talking over a tragedy that occarred near here, some four years ago in an old mansion, now known as Hampton's Death," replied he of the top-boots. "Mr. Hampton end bis wife were murdered; and their Only daughter Margaret— a girl of eighteen, or thereabouts—has never been seen since." " Iadeed," I said," but that's very singular! Who resides at Hampton's Death now?" Bless you, young man," cried the landlordi you coaldnt get anybody to enter tbe door s o a sunshiny day; and as for living tbere, why the place is haunted; and one foolhardy young fellow, who went tbere to pass the nigbt, for a wager, lost his reason before morning. He's been iptndering in hie mind ever since, but no one knows what be saw tbere." " Humph 1 and so the place is a ruin ?" " Getting to be, sir. You can see it from tbe window there." He pointed out: and I saw—at a distance of half-a-mile—the chimneys of a large house, clearly defined against the red sunset sky. " D.id Mr. Hampton poseesaany property?" I asked. " It was gennerally supposed that he had a large sum of gold by him," said tbe landlprd •, " but nothing was proved after tbe murder. There were some thousands of dollars' Worth of real estate. 1 ' " And who was hair to tbat ?" " My wife, sir," said tbe landlord. " She was tbe next-of-kin after Margaret—tbe niece of Mr. Hampton." The conversation now tnrned to other topics; and soon afterwards supper was announced. At the supper table I saw the landlady—a tall, handsome woman in tbe prime of life, with a bold black eye, and BE air of.nrrogance particularly insufferable in one by duty bound to be respectfully entertaining. 1 was shown to my room after supper, an airy apartment exactly over tbe coffeeroom..My curiosity was thoroughly aroused The story I had :heard about Hampton's Death was romantic enough to excite the ihterebt of almost'any young man of three-' and-tweniy. . I threw up the window and looked, out. .Tbe .evening was beautiful. Ther<> was a alight breeze blowing, and tbe pale moon bad just risen. Tbe gray old front, of Hampton's Death was distinctly visible •looming gloomily forth from a mass of evergreens. It was a singular feature in that lackwoods landscape, this old mansion,-built in rude though not inelegant style of architecture. I fell to speculating about it. Tbe man wbo had planned that building was superior to his neighbours. Hehad bolh taste and love of tbe beautiful. Tbere was a pleasing harmony between the Btonegables of tbe bouse'and thpjdark pine forest stretching away for miles behind it. Butthe distant view did not satisfy me. I wanted to - see the inside, to tread thejong clored chambers, and stand, perhaps, on the very spot where, on that , bDietprb^B , Christmas nigbt, two souls baa been suddenly launched into enternjty. TBut I"didti6t care to have those below to know of my foolhardiness, "as the landlord would probably term it. I .would wait till they were sill in bed. I sat there quietly, 4h'e etillness growing £roppjdrmei.and even the,light breezejoldmg its'ifinijs and sinking to sleep in the leaves. All waa qo.ietthe bouse was wrapped 'in slumber.* "I iBxamiribd my pistols, pat Ion fresh caps, and 'then softly let myself^ down tio^thp^jjrourid by means of the strong 1 , tendril* of. a grape-vine ; thst bad climbed ;-ni> to my window, . It was only a little walk to the'old ruin—not more than- half-a-mile across the fields to the dilapidated board fence that separated the ground from." tbe adjacent 'fields. I sprang over inW the lone-, some .garden, now chioked with rank weeds and grass, and stood in the shadow of/ tbe pileof buildings. • ' • ; ' Everything about the place was dead : and lileiit se a tomb. No wonder people , said it was taunted, with tbat old tale of crime and death hanging-over it." I tried the door, but itwae/ast. Bo were tbewindows. j went' round to'tbe baob part, but 'Hhere seemed no piode -of entrance. . Ejrery avenup; was closely secured. After some difficulty: I removed a ^window SBBL, leaving the apertvre free. Looking in, I saw a large apartment— evidently tbe kitchen. -Everything'bad been left jast as it. was before,the. corse b'adj Jftllsof tbe tfopani Btill pJwuned on tbe dre'sBer, and the kettle still eat on tbe deserted hearth. ' I sprang in and passed to the interior of the building, through a dark corridor, to what must bare been tbe pBrlour. Fart of tbe 'u'niture still remained ; the ureen carpet was gray with dust, and tbe chairs and sofas bad put on tbe sackcl tb of mould and motb. A distant door slammed to in the draft of air I had admitted, the sound striking with startling distinctness on tl>e dead sir of that unhappy place. But I was n^t frightened ; it was all very novel and delightful to me. If I could only see tbe ghost, I thought, I should have something to tell my grandchildren." From thence I passed through two smaller rooms to a lorge ball, in the middle of which rose a broad staircase. This I ascended, the long unused stairs creaking weirdly boueot! my tread, as if astonished at their unwonted burthen. A door at tbe bead of the landing stood slightly ajar. I pushed it open, end entered a long, narrow chamber, dimly lit up by the moonlight struggling through tbe dusky glaeB. One glance showed me that this chamber was tbe ghostly one. There were dark red stains on the counterpane of tbe bed, and near the oentre of the floor tbe delicate carpet waB discoloured with what bad once been a pool of blood. Here, then, the deed was committed. If these silent walls could speak, what a tale of violence and crime they might reveal ! While I stood tbere, thinking how once the deathshrieks of that hapless old man and his mfe had resounded through the room, wondering where the guilty murderer n-as hiding,wondering what tragic fate had overtaken their lair Margaret, I heard tbe faint sound of a human footstep. Convinced tbat I was not mistaken, I listened intently. It wns repeated. No, there waB no mistake. I looked at my pistols once moro, to make sure tbat all was right. If I were to meet flesh and blood, those trusty weapons might prove mv beBt friend ; if only ghostf, I might save my self the trouble of trusting to gunpowder. There was a door on the opposite-side of the chambcr leading thiough several rooms to a second landing, and from this landing another flight of stairs ascended, leading probably to the attiep. I hurried onward, and paused at the foot of theBe stairs. I conld bear the steps very distinctly now ; it seemed to be almost over my head —soft, light, and burned, pacing hack and forth. I even thonght I could distinguish the faint rustle of garments ; and, as I stood breathless, a low moan stole to my ear, so tbrillingl; low that I felt the rosy blood around my heart shrink and grow cold. " Clinton Earl, are jou a coward?" X said to my self, and the bare insinuation was enough to send me forward. I went np the stairs two at a bound,|but was stopped by a strong oaken door. I tried to break it down, bat it resisted all my efforts. I went back to one of thojcliambers below, and wrenched off the great post ol a mahogany bedstead, and returning, used tbis as a sort of battering-ram. No mere wooden door could long withstand sucb an attack as I made on that one, and ere long I had the satisfaction of seeing it fall inwards. I leaped over the ruins into the apartment thus opened before me, but it was bare and unfurnished. Not a thing, animate or inanimate, to disturb the ghostly desolation. I glanced quickly over the walls in search of some secret passage, and in the farther corner I perceived a sliding door, fastened with massive bolts on the outside. 1 drew back the bars, and paused a moment before I sought to penetrate the mysteries lhat door concealed. My heart beat so loudly that I could hear it; but I laid my hand thereon and found it beat calm and strong. A vague, nameless something thrilled through my soul,as I,stood there. It seemed to me as if I were about to enter on a new and svreeter existence. The hand of destiny itself was upon me. I opened the door slowly, and stood on the threshold. What did I see ? Tbe moon was shining brightly into the cbaQber, flooding every remote corner with its Bilver brilliance. I could distinguish everything with the greatest minuteness. In the centre of the loom stood a slight figure, spectral in its slendern ess, rwith a face white as marble, and masses of black hair flowing down over sable garments. The shadowy bands were locked together ; the great, mild, dark eyes were fixed upon my tyes^with an expression of terrified wonder. I advanced to the aide of this phantom form. Whether it waB ghost or living woman I knew not, but I was resolved to take no step backward now. The sweetest, saddest voice I had ever heard addressed mc. ' (To he Continued.) 