1H-weU0t. AFTER MANY DAYS. By R. P. WHITWORTH. CHAPTER Y. (CONTINUED.) A-few days more and wo were speoding .down the shallow waters of Port Chalmers, bonnd for Melbourne;, and yet again a few days, and wo were tossing on. the rolling seas of Bass's Straits, steamiog as fast as the mail 'ship could bear us for the shores of England. ? Ten years had we been absent, and during that time what changes might not have occurred ? For myself, except'that my father was, as I naa iearno irom nis letters, railing, none could have happened that mattered mnoh. . But for Jack. What if Beatrix Walton had forgotten him ? What it she had married ? What if she were dead? Such things, all of . them had happened, were happening continu ally. And Jack, although he said' nothing — for, by a tacit understanding, we had come : never to speak on the subject— grow moody ond anxious as the days went by. The orien \- ' tal mingled splendor and tawdrinesa of Ceylon ; the wide-stretching deserts of Arabia; the ancient -monuments of Egypt; the water streets of Venice ; the faded mag * . niflcence of Padua, Verona, Milan, Turin, and other old Italian cities ; that wonderful piece of engineering between Modane and La Praz ; ? the Mont Cenis tunnel; the gaieties of Paris ; although each and all were' matters of sur prise and delight to me, for I had never Been them before, to him had no charm. He passed through them and by them without comment, almost without notice. His only * thought, his only wish, was to be moving onward, ever onward. . We parted in London, I to - stay ' a day or . two with some friends before going home, he : to seek his, it might be, lost, still nnforgotten, lovo at Castlecomer. Alas, poor Jack 1 He heard all too soon, at his father's house, the sad story. It was an. . old, old tale. The pride of the Waltons had indeed been brought low. The wealth of that, purseproud man who had driven him into exile had vanished like the morning mist . before the Bun; Mr. Walton had speculated in railways, foreign bonds, tin, copper, what not ? and had lost. Then, with the mercan tile gambler's mad infatuation, he had risked ? more and mora, had risked his all, in short ; , and had risen from an untasted breakfast one morning, haggard, ghastly, and bowed', find , ? ing himself a ruined man. The blow had \- killed him ; and, even while the poor corpse was being borne to its last resting place, in the old cemetery at Castlecomer, the creditors or their representatives were taking an inventory at Walton Court. Miss Walton, _ pale and broken-hearted, had remained in the house with her young brother uptil the day of the funeral, when she had been taken away by a gentleman, a relative it was supposed, who had suddenly* ?come over from England, and who had then ?as suddenly disappeared. That was all that Jack could learn. She whom he had come so many thousands miles to find, had gone, no one knew whither, had disappeared as effectually as if the .sea had swallowed her .. up. ... ... ; . ... , Poor Jack. It was a cruel blow for him, and all the more' cruel from the uncertainty. Had she been dead, nay, had Bbc been even married, he might have, after a time, found solace from Time, the great healer ; but the r absolute ignorance of any clue by which the painful suspense might be ended, was more than he could bear. He became moody and discontented, and spent his days in wandering . aimlessly about, especially along the bank of , theNoreto the spot -where he had first seen Aer, a spot now held sacred in his eyes. : . Certainly he enquired at Tom Ryan's, the . Castlecomer Hotel, regarding this stranger . who had borne away his .Beatrix in such a mysterious manner, and by, means of sundry shillings slipped into the hands of Jerry .the ? groom and pretty Nelly Booney the house-1 . maid, extracted the information ihat the. gentloman's name was, as it was thought, : Thompson or Johnson, that he did not look much like 'Wan of the rale quality itself,' .. that, so far as could be remembered, he came from Carlow by the coach on the day of the funeral, and went back next day, taking with , : him Miss Walton and Master Maurice, ' arid ... she, poor, dear young ladyf us white and , whisht as a ghost, crying for her dead father, and maybe for somebody else in fnrrin partB, , jvho ought to have been there to \ comfort her, hut wasn't.' This last from Nelly Bopriey, by which?it/will be seen that Nelly had, as , -they say, eyes, in her head, and was' able to' see as far through a millstone as. other people.' ./?. He went to Carlow, and by dint of enquiry and a farther expenditure, of shillings, Wad' ? oct from one of the stable hoys who,'cimc'. A from Castlccomer,- and- who knew. |i*- Walton by sight, that the party he was asking 1 „ after had come .by the coach, stopped ; fori ?*. dinner at the Feathers Inn,- and, gone /oh, presumably for /Dublin. . /;? ? To Dublin he followed, and thore,. by way ? laying- the clerks at the various snipping offices, and by the process of what is known in Australia as ' shouting '.freely, ba-induoed them to look back, thoir passenger ticket blocks to the date ho gave, an^, discovered ?, \ that a Mr; Thompson and a'Miss.and Master Walton had/sailed on such and such a dayt , . by tho steamship Emerald, for Holyhead* ' Hare the' trail stopped, the . track was lpaC ? Holyhead meant nowhere, or ratlier it meant everywhere, for it was but the starting point to the network of railways that ramifled England— east, west, north, and south. But he went to Holyhead-nevertheless, and then he went to where everybody goes, to London, calling on me at the quiet rcctory in Cheshire, to aid him in his searoh. Poor fellow, my heart bled to see his careworn face, and I could refuse him nothing. But our quest whs futile. 'In vaihwo advertised in the agony columns' of the* London and many of the provincial papers. In vain we offered rewards lor information. In vainwe subsidised Scot land Yard. Nothing came of it, until the ' hope deferred that maketh the heart sick ' was at length worn out, and we both, tired of' a life of inaction, weary of London and of England, .turned our faces onoe more toward the blue skies and swelling plainB of the great Southern land, bo long our home. And thus came it that in the train whioh was rapidly carrying us from Sydney to Mel bourne, did Jack say to me, as related at the commencement of this Btory, 'I wonder whether we shall meet any of our old mates of the Shotover?' _ And now came about another of those turns in fortune's wheel so inexplicable and so un looked for. 'Nothing happens but the im probable,' gays some philosopher, and of all incidents in this strange eventf ulhistory, none so Btrange as this. ' Seated in the same compartment of the carriage, ahd nearly opposite me, was an elderly man, intent on reading a newspaper. I had taken no particular notice of him up,to then, beyond a few passing words, 'but I ob served that as Jack and I conversed, he looked over the top of his paper, and sorntinised us narrowly. ''I think,' he said at last, 'I heard you mention the Shotover, sir.' ' Yes,' I replied, ' we were speaking of the place.' ' The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume you mean?' ' The same, sir.' 'Ah,' he said, 'its curious, I was thero once, myself.' ' Indeed 1 so were we.' 'Ah! I don't seem to recollect you, and yet, maybe you might have heard of me. Bill tho packer they used to oall me. I was packing from Queenatown to the Shot, and the Arrow for, many a year.' We have heard of him by repute, but as of one of the. old hands who had left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar subject of mining, and the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to general topios. He had been home he told us, on a.matter of business, but had'returned some two years before, and had taken up hia residence in Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his luorative. calling of a packer in Now Zealand, he had established himself in business. Jack did not take any part in the conver sation.^ He seemed as was frequently is wont to be buriod in reverie, and I was too well ac customed to his moods to attempt to disturb him. My new friend remarked as much in an undertone. 'Yes,' I replied in the oamo key, 'poor Jack he has had a sad disappointment,, a bitter grief in the old country, and has not yet re covered from tho effect of it.' ' Jack,'soid my oompanion, '.'is that his name?' ' Yes, Jack to me, dear old Jack Bntler, the best fellow ? ; 'Butler I Butler 1 ' I- surely know that name. Lot me think; Why God bless my soul,' whispered the stranger exoitedly, ' it cannot surely be possible. Tell mo, does y«ur friend come from Ireland ? ' ' Ho does. He is one of the Butlers of Kil kenny.' The.man stared at me, and then at Jack as if, in sheer amaze, he could scarcely believe the evidence of his senses ; ' are you sure ? ' he whispered at last,' Jack or rather John Butler, youngeat son of Beginald Bntler of the Elms near Castlecomer? ' The same, I am his cousin, and know him to be.' But why? ' I asked, as much sur prised as my questioner. ' I'll tell you by and Bye, ' he replied hur riedly;, and in fact there was no time for further converse then, as the train with a warning shriek. was slowing for Albury, and presently glided smoothly up to the station. But my new friend contrived to get thfi seat next me on the box of the omnibus, that in those 'days connected the New South Wales Terminus with the Viotorian.ono at Wodonga, . and during the two miles drive imparted to me something which set my blood surging through my veins, and which almost cauBed me to sing aloud in a very rapture of delight. 'And mind,' hesaidatparting as he wrung my hand warmly, and pressed into it a card bearing his name and address in Melbourne, ' The day ajter to-morrow is .Christmas day, you oome and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring him with you, and please God thero shall be to more than one heart, a truly happy Christmas. I reiyain here until to-morrow. Don't forget. 1 j tho Id - fashioned mid-day dinner, one sharp.' ? ? ? . ? ; * How I ever refrained from bursting into song, how I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jack's neck and telling him all I' had learned at any moment during that long railway ride to Melbourne and the next two days; I hardly know, bnt I did, and verily I had my reward. But Christmas Day came, and I must carry out the programme. At first Jaok did not want to go, but I insisted ; nay, made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave way. ' ' But why are you so anxious for me to dine with this person?' he' asked diffidently. ' Ah I Jaok', dear boy, if yon only knew I ' ' You seem strangely moved, Larry,' he said; 'have' been for. the last two days. What is it,' old chap.' . ' Good news, old boy.; great nows, glorious news. Why, Jack, pluck up heart of grace, and smile as you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutchman. What 1 Jaok Butler going to eat his Christmas dinner with the face of a mute at a funeral. Not so ; ire member the words of your 'favorite Long fellow, ? '? ? .' ' Bo still, sad heart ! and cease repining ; Behind the clouds is the son still shining.' .,- He; smiled wearily and said, 'True; but not for me, Larry, not for. me.''; To'wliioh I returned the vague ambiguity, ' We shall see what wa shaU see.' ' At half-past' twelve wo started from the ?White Hart Hotel,, where we sojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, ,-and I thought it time to preparo Jaok for what to him would, I doubtednot, be the raoBt ?pleasant surprise of his life. Supposing yon could have what you .Wished for on this gracious day, Jack, what' would it be,' I asked. ' Suppose, suppose, suppose tho heavens were to fall. What's the nse of snpfuwing ? ' he said.- ? - , . , - . ? /, .'.Wellj but suppose.' - i Larry, old friend, I havo nothing to wish, i nothing to hope for ; wit)i me- even hope is now dead.'^ . ? , ^ ? i ' 'Hope ia never dead; hope cannot die. What says the poet ?. , ' Hope springs eternal inthe human breast.' ' . , i ' he replied bitterly, 'but finish' the' couplet, 'Man never is, bat always to' be; ablest.''': '' ?' . , .1 ' Exaotly— always to le blest— and you.'i dear- old. ohappie, shall be blest, -and that sooner than you anticipate.'. ' ? He stopped, and looked me straight in.'the face. ' What d«''you me«n, Larry?' 1c said. ) v There has been something strange about you for tho last day or two that I cannot make out. ' What is it ? ' ' Wait and see,' and with that for tho moment he had to be content. We arrived at the house we wore bound for as the post office olock was booming ono. Evidently we were expected, for our friend opened the door himself even as I- rang. ' Have you told him ? ' he said to me. ' No,''! replied ; ' I havo left that for you to do, Mit. Tnojrpsos!' ' Mr. Thompson I ' said Jaok hoarsely, staggering and turning pale. ' Great God 1 Is it possible that ? ' 'Everything is possible. As the angelic ohoir- sang nearly nineteen hundred years ago, so I say now, 'Behold, I bring y»u tidings of great joy 1 ' 'And Bhe — Beatrix — ?' gasped Jack faintly. ' Go into that room. She is expecting you,' ' Jack looked at our 'host like a man in a dream, bnt he opened the door of the room denoted. A moment, and there was a great ecstatic ory, as Mr. Thompson, closing tho door softly, took me by the' arm, and with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, led me away, saying, ' I think we've managed that very nicely, but we are no longer needed here. Come into the dining room and we'll drink their healths. ' I've had dinner delayed for half an hour, as I thought they might have something to say to each other, and in the meantime- I'd like to have a crack with you.' It Is night. I lay down my pen. My story is finished. And, yet hardly so, for even now, another Christmas Day, I have received letters from home, sent up from my office. Some of them I lay aside to read later, but one I open. I know the hand writing, ahd read. Part of it runs thus: — . „ Walton Court, Castlecomer, Ireland. 'DearLarry, — « For so Jaok insisted on my calling you ; this will, as we oalculate, reach you in far away Melbourne about Christmas, and I send it wishing you all the compli-. inents of the season. We had your last letter in due course, and were, glad to hear that my brother, Maurice, was getting on so well. As you will see, we are settled in the old house; Uncle Thompson bought it, and insisted on making it over to me as a wedding portion. We hove just been to the1 Elms. You will be glad to learn that papa and mamma are well. Ted has at last got his captaincy, and George has a good ap pointment as manager of an iron works at Gefle in Sweden. Ellen has had another, a girl this time, who is to be called after me; and Kate is to be married next month. He is ono of the Powers (Charles) of Abbeyleix, not far from -here, and is a barrister in fair practice. Baby — you know, ; we have called him Lawrence — is well and thriving. He is tho loveliest and most wonderful,- Ac., &c.;, -Sc.' (Here comes half a page about tho baby, and a few lines about other matters, whioh I will, if yon pleaBe, skip). ''Jack writes you' by this mail. -Oh Larry 1 dear Larry, do you remember that Christmas Day ? I am sure you do. God bless yon. God bless you. Amen. Is the wish and prayer of tho happiest woman in Ireland. 'Beatuix Botler,' 'Of course there is a postscript, but# the words swim, and the liues seem blurred. I cannot read. I walk softly to the window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but ' the rain had ceased -to fall, tho sky had cleared, save where the fleecy raolc sped across it, and the moon . was shining brilliantly in the heavens,' just as it did on that eventful Christmas night on the shoulder of the Wakatipu' range in 1870, when I pointed it out to Jack as an omen of good fortune, the good fortune that came indeed ' After many day s.' ' . _ . ' The End. 