Tiib flight of timo hns brought us and our readers onco moro to tho oyo of tho great Christmas festival when tho re ciprocities of goodwill nro universal, and tbe functions of benorolenco nro in foil oxeroiso. Christmas felicitations area thoroughly-rooted custom — a custom as pleasant in itself as it Is firmly estab lished by the us ago of centuries. Wo feel assured that in tho cuBtomary wishes for merrimont and happiness thero is far uioro of genial cordiality than of formal affection. The custom itself is a two-fold witnosa — to tho verity of a great historical fact which ocourred in an obscure Jewish viliogo nearly nine teen centuries ago, and to the boncficial influence of that auspicious event on tho sentimonts and actions of human natnro in thoso races nnd localities whero this nature lins achieved its highest moral and mental development. It were idiotcy to disputo tho transforming in fluence on the softer and purer feelings of human nature of tho " Incarnation." Prior to that ovent thero wore nntions eminent for v amorce, for art, for soionco, and for religion. But their highest attainments in culture nnd their vridoBt nohicvomonts in trnda worn marred by tho frauds of solfishnoss and tho follies of sensualism. Mind wns not then less acute than it was subsequently, but it was trained under different pre cepts and influences. Even tho ro- ligion which was instituted by Him whoso advent to this world we are about to celabrato lias had a long and hard struggle to overcomo tho aggressive ambition nnd selfishness of its professed adherents, nnd has only partially suc ceeded. Tho Christian annals are stained by blood and disfigured by re cords of rapine, oppression, nnd war fare. But all that is boneficent nnd amoHorativo in the social and mental life of Christian countries is to somo extent a result of tho disinterested nnd philanthropic lifo of Jesus Christ Himself, In this year of graco, ono thousand eight hundred and eighty- four, hundreds of thousands of human hearts are beating responsively to, and hands nro moving imitativoly of tho gracious feelings and dcods of that control figure of human history. If it ho not no, how are wo to account for tho expanded charity of sentiment, and of word nnd deed, which will this week unloose the purse-strings of tho rich and gladden the homes of tho poor ? Not by tho rich only will kindly deeds no dono and noblo guts bo made. Wro judge not tho ronl merit of bonovolcnco or of goodwill by tho costliness of its matorinl evidences, but by tho solf- dcninl it exhibits. Many -a poor man will stint himself just now to provo how sincerely ho loves his children nnd how firmly ho is attached to his frionds. Christinas Gifts are a chock on avarice and unbelief. Thoy nro remindors of a potent nnd interesting fact — Hint thero has lived among .men a AVitncss for oharity. The Christmas festival is nn annual ovidenco of that important his torical oyent. Frigid indeed must bo the egotism which docs not thaw under tho genial memories of that fact. If wo look abroad wo cannot fail to rccog- niso tho roflectivo fact that nearly all our benevolent institutions are origi nated and conducted by peoplo who profess to bo largely under tho influence of tho teaching and example of Jesus Christ Theso are peoplo whoso re ligion goes beyond sentiment. It boldly and bravely treads tho domain of practical usefulness, and the power of Christianity will not yield to tho in genious aud querulous objections and de nunciations of its oppononts until they can substitute for it something superior to itself in theso practical iuiluouces and agencies, ' \- Wo hare adverted to tho soaoonablo prevalence of good wishes. 'But a wish, however . eincoro, docs not involvo a realisation. Man has no iungio by which to enchant every 'wish into a fact.1 Realisation often depends partly on tbo oxternial circumstances and partly on the mental condition of tbo person in whoso interest tho wish is expressed. No amount of wishing will transform a misanthrope into an optionist. Ho that is miserable will bo misorable still un- lesB something can bo done to mako him happy. No amount of wishing will make an avaricious man gonorous uuless ho could bo induced to scatter his hoards where Christmas oheer is likely to bo scarce. No man of generous in clination requires much ingenuity to discover openings for judicious ex orcise of benevolence, A gift is en hanced by the suitableness and oppor tuneness of its bestowal. There are men amongst. us who havo it in their; power to mako Christmas merry andi tho coming New Yonr happy for sucht of thoir noighbors whoso ordinary faro; is as meagre as their work is hard.! Fortunately, tho misanthropes and; misers are in a minority. Most of tho people in this district hail Christmas this yoar with widely different foelings from thoso experienced by them twelvo months ago. Then tho indurate soil refused to yield harvests to industrious cultivators. Labor was "spont in vain, nnd bopo was baffled in its anticipa tions. Tho brilliance of nn unclouded sky, tho intense boat of a summer sun, and tho avidity of unmoistened soil combined to dopress tho hearts of farmers and tradesmen alike. Not until Christmas Eyo arrived did the sky show signs of pity for our distress. Christmas Hay' by its damp dullness brought the cheor of hopo to hearts that were sad by hopo's long decay. This year our circumstances are wholly dif ferent.: Wo havo bad great heat, but it has been alternated by copious rains. All tho peoplo can welcomo Christmas with glad hoarts, for it comes robed ia verdure, wreathed with flowers, and ladon witli plonteous crops of orchard and field. It will indeed bo a morry Christmas for tho majority of the good mux ui bum uiakwuL, iriiwruvcr tuo uye turns it is refreshed with scenes of beauty and evidences of remunerated toil. But in our own gratulation wo ennuot forget that oven in our own colony there are not a fow men to whom Christmas does not como laden with blessings. To tlicm tho long succession of brazen skies has involved tho . dis- nstor of severe losses in flocks and hords. Hundreds of thousands of sbcep and cattle havo fallon on tho sterilo downs of tho interior, and perished miserably. For tho losers we can' but wish that tho worst is post, and that tho Now Year may como in with a spread and weight of rain that shall arrest tho march of destruction and quickly reouporato tbo losses. Amid all tho elemonts, influences, and agencies of happinoss amongst which the majority of our fellow- colonists find themselves, it will bo im possible for all of them to forget tbat in epito of tho blossod influenco of Christian teaching and sentiment events havo recently been brought to light which havo tarnished tho fair fame of this colony and thrown a mantle of im penetrable gloom over tho lives of several mon who, in tho greedy pursuit of gain, forgot tho precept to do to others as they would bo dono to. Tho shadow of a speedily coming oxocution lias fallen on two of them, of long in carceration on others. Wo have no present concern with tho merits or de merits of tbeso convicted and adjudged mon. Wo regret that tho customs of an infamous traffic led tbom into pro ceedings which has deprived them of tho good chcor of this happy season. Tho work of Jesus Oiirist is not complete. "For proof of that wo need not follow the armies of Franco ou their aggressive marches into Tonquin and Madagascar, wo havo only to remember tho "Hopeful" and the " Ethel " labor vessels. But iho up right need not torment thoir consciences nor discount thoir happiness for tho wrong-doing of others. Honest work may bo aptly followed by an honest' holiday. Care may bo put on tho top- sholf for a week or two, good cheer on the lower sholves. Taking all with all, wo can cordially and sincerely wish our readers "A Merry Christmas," In another part of this issue will be found a summary of the debate on the voto on the Loan Estimates for the direct line between Ipswich and Warwick. This vote was passed iu the Assembly on Thursday lost by a majority of seven, nnd our renders in read ing the debate arc certain to coincide with our opinion, namely, that if the lino were to be decided on its merits, nnd nn n nntinnnt undertaking, the majority would be found on tho other side. From a national point of view, the money authorised is a wasteful expenditure. If the lino is constructed there is not tho ghost of a chance of it pav ing for years to come. Wc should liko to kuow how tho line can be expected to pay when tho present line between Warwick aud Toowoomba has never paid. The railway between Warwick and here cost £500,000 to build, some of which was borrowed at five nnd some nt six per ccut. interest per annum. Taking it nt tho lowest rate, namely five per cent., tho annual interest which the colony at large pays on tho cost of construc tion of this line amounts to £25,000. Now the traffic receipts at Warwick last year were £12,000, nud tho amounts received at the intermediate stations between War wick nnd here were very small. If wc sub tract the working expenses and cost of maintenance from its total receipts the credit balanco will be rather small, and will not go very far towards paying some of the interest. Hero it Is amply demonstrated that the Warwick line is a clear loss to the colony, and yet, in the face of that fact, the colony at large is nsked to spend over a million sterling to construct another line to compote with an existing one which does net pay. Surely tho interest we pay on the Warwick liue is enough loss without further burdening tho colony with an incubus in tho shape of additional interest on money wasted. If wc reckon up the interest on the cost of the proposed line, and put it At a moderate figure, it will not be less than £45,000 per annum. This, in addition to the £25,000 which we now pay in interest for the line already made, will make a total of £70,000, Lot us ndd working expenses nnd cost of raaintcnnnco to this, and against it let us nut. tbo trafilo receipts. Considering that tho Warwiok receipts are only £12,000, our renders can imagino whnt a vast debit balanco pill bo left ior tho colony at , largo to pay, and, from a national point of view, wo inquire is it fair or just that tho residents of tho northern, central, and other portions of> the colony should pay their snare of £45,000 per annum, and tbo colony at large reap no benefit ? Suppose, for instance, that a speculative company started n fleet of steamers to trndo between Sydney and Bris bane. < After a timo thoy found out that the trade is hot sufficiently large enough to pay. Does it 6tand to rcn6ou that tbo company would be foolish enough, -instead or de creasing their number of steamers, to go and Sut on an additional equal number— thus oublfng their fioot l , If. an article costs £4, and a man is not able to purchase it for £2, is it likely that he will obtain it for £1 ? If au existing lino of railway does not pay; is it likely that .by making another line of railway to competo with it that both lines will pay? 'This is the case with the dfrect lino from Ipswich to Warwick. Wo com mend Mr. Aland's statistics to tbo earnest consideration of our readers, and iu them they will find many and weighty arguments against the construction of tho "proposed lino. And In them is contained tho fullcst answer to Jlr. Kates' absurd remarks anent Toowoomba, Tn calling Toowoomba a cabbago garden compared twith Warwick, bo wos cyidontly emulating Sir John Robert- Bon's example when that worthy statesman made his famous but foolish, assertion that Jt £. n.u n uauuuge garucn compared wuu Now South Wnles, The ono assertion was about as .baseless as the; other. Victoria's poputetion;'rcvcDuc, trade, and manufactures are ahead of New South Wnles, oven though her territory may bo small as compared with tho slstcr.colony, and, compared with . War- wick,'>our population, trade, revenue, .manu facture, &o.;, nro' immeasurably ahead. As tho Honorable John Macrossan said, "If the railway wns ft question botwecn Warwick nud Toowoomba, Warwick would got the worst of it, ".and tho." cabbage garden " tbe best ' of ' it; '.The station '"moiety, or traffic earnings at Toowoomba last year amounted to£30,000, whiloat Warwick the amount was £12,000. Which is the "cabbago garden," Mr. Kates? This assertion of his was ns devoid of truth as his 'chargo against 'the proprietor of this journal of writing the articles7"for it, on an 'occasion when hc.- wqj nine hundred " miles away, ;ahd his- remarks orient tfio piles under the bridges on the Main Range. To assert , that the bridges were collapsing was as wild ;nod baseless a statement as could ho evoked ; from that gentleman's vivid. and prejudiced imagination. Such ira assertion, ns Mr. Aland jobscrvcd, was calculated to awake a fccliog of alarm in the general travelling public, I and a sense of mistrust in travelling on n il|fipVfrboro "the' bridges were collapsinc," havo thought it our duty, therefore, in jthe interests of the public, to make inquiries relative to tbe matter, and wc frail from the ;Enginecr-in-Chicf for Rnilwavs tliat, so for from thero being any foundation for Mr. jKates' statement, the bridges on the Main tRnngo were never in -a- sounder- or. bettor state than they are in at present. Mr. ( Kates saw some piles, and based his nsser- ,tion on.that, ; .Wc will obnritably.' suppose .that he was unaware that those piles arc always ready in case of emergency, nud tho instant anything is detected wrong with a pile out it goes, and is replaced by a sound ironbark one. Nevertheless his statement was not onlybaseless, but nu unwiso one. pull lt.is only-wbat we can cxpoct from' that gentleman. His hatred to Toowoomba has been very dearly evinced, nnd his.wls-r statements in this debato arc only proof of his propensity to injure Toowoomba in any way ho can. But wc daresay that it will survive Mr. Rates' attack, and Mr. Kates himself. It is armour-proof against tbat gentleman's shafts, nnd can afford to treat them with ob mvch' disdain. ns a Hon would treat a rat, £30,000 ns against £12,000— are you listen- ing, Mr. Kates ? In our lnet iesuo.wo. gnvo a. summary of the debnto on the voto for tho railway deviation from Drayton to Toowoomba, and our Bcnu- araba, WeBtbrook, aud Eton Vnlo readers will probably bo surprised to observe tbat tho nemo of their junior representative (Mr. Kates) docs not figure among tho " nves " in tho division list. They will also be very much surprised to learn that ere the division took place Mr. Kates walked out of tho House. That gentleman has evidently a short memory. On tlus-14tb of last Mnreh ms coiicoguo and himself were feted by tho Bcnuaraba people. At that banquet Mr. Kates said':—1 ".I also , promised you to sun.' port tho construction of a' lino of railway between this placo nod somo part of tho Southern and Western Railway. My hon. colleague, Mr. Miles, is slow at making a promise, but, when onco mado, yoo may do- pond upon it that ho will carry it out. Jam sure that there is no district in the whole colony thatinas a better, claim to the construe. Hon of a branch railway than Bcauaraba. I have travelled this day 25 miles, and I can safely ray thoro is no bad country between this and Toowoomba. It is all land capablo Pro"?ctng wheat, maize, lucerne, and other orpps in fair seasons;- and I think you are fairly entitled to a railway, I'can tell you, moreover, thnt the surveyors are at pre sent at work on tho road to find out the best way of connecting Beauaraba with tho Southern and Western Railway." The samo evening tho Hon. W. Mileb addressed him- self to tho same question, and after referring to tho BenuarabA Hue, said " A deputation waited upon mo a short timo ago recoro- nendfng a deviation-, of ,tho present line, so that oh leaving' Toowoomba it should go through Drayton and como out at Cam- booyn. I sent a surveyor, Mr. Phillips, over tho line, and ho has sent' in a very favomblo report— thnt the deviation will shorten tbo distonco vsry considerably. Iam not pro- pared to toll you the exact distanco, but it will reduce it considerably ; and If I can prevail upon tbo Government to earry out the \york, it will bo done, and the lino will cometete Drayton to Cambobya, Wo ore all well aware that in proportion as you rcduco tho distance to bo travelled, you roduco the j t cxpen>?c3 and cost of maintenance ; and vam-ouougli' to think that! have common-senso, nnd whatever I do I hono I shall always bo able to give, a reason for it, I tell you that I shall do my best to prevail upon the Government to carry out the line cwaoso if I can shorten tbo distanco by ten miles, botwoon | Warwick ami i Brisbane, or between Beauaraba ami Brisbane, if you will I feol satisfied thot I am doing good service to tho country." Mr. Miles has kept bii promise and fulfilled bis duty to his Beau araba constituents, but we dannot say the nnWnirfr' nT1« Tho,ro wn8 no division HLV? it n Ik?uarttbft railway ; hut on Si i- , c Dra7ton, deviation which hortenss the distanco bv nine miles, Mr. Kates walked out of tbo House before tho division was taken. If he wns opposed to it, why hod ho not, like Mr. Horwitz, tho courage o !h0piT£?Vml. th0, to express them, ibis Drayton deviation was a matter which particularly interested his constito- in order to show that it did, wo quote tho words of Mr. Kates's colleague tho Minister for Works. in the eour/a of a,l Hb? h Mr MaEB Bftid Tbo obioct tho deviation was not to shorten the dis- tancc to Warwick At nil, hut to shorten tho distance for residonts of Bcauaraba, West- bfAAlr HnmaiiiMil l..>_ . «... .... Homestead Area, wlioro tbcro w«. a laree population, It would chorion thoir distance 1), nino miloa." Mr. Kates baa, or bad, a largo number of supporters in tbo dietricte i ' thoy , 0 rieht to expoot both thoir representatives to look after and advocate thoir interest. Constituonta are naturally inquisitive, nnd thoy may possibly if" n. , ." teoson "ny Mr. Kates referred to tlH> n0" n ,ho 0CCIul<>a 