fiEUEEAL G-OBDOH'S THEOLOGY. These areGeneral Gordon's -views on Bapńn and the Fall respectively BAPTISM. Jim was left in Genesis dead from eating rńeapple]; baptism raises him from the Jead. jnd Holy Communion gives him of the ''j^timfConnects the Holy Commnnien nth the tree of knowledge of good and The history of man is creation, eating, JestJr. resurrection, or regeneration, eating ]ife eternsL Somehow I think both baptism and Holy Communion have very much to do with the hoiy lor the elements in each sacrament are inseparable f*om the body, the elements in onecase being externally, in the other internally Applied. . . . ,, ,, I expect that as water retains in itself the impurities of things placed or washed in it, H the font retains the guilt of sin. It does not seem as if the Holy Ghost used the water as a vehicle further than as rendering it efficacious to remove sin, for it was when Jesus (who though he had no sin, was man tt Hit baptism) rose ont of water that the Holy Ghost descended on Him. God is not bound to baptism, for John the Baptist was filled with tne Holy Ghost from his Bather's womb, and Cornelius received the Holy Ghost before baptism. Believers go into the font as sons of Adam and emerge as loos of God. COKXWNON BETWEEN THE FILL OP MAN AJTD HOLY COMMUNION. I am going to work ont the Fall for yon. " Tree of knowledge of good and evil"— free of learning what is to be &nown; of good •id evil By eating of this tree man became u God, for God said. " Behold man is insme as one of us, to know good and evil," tiers " become " is from the Hebrew, " to aperience the same as," " to become like," to be" made." This is remarkable, for -it mold imply that though man was made in the likeness and image of God, the faculty of knowing evil, though it must have been present, was not developed in him before hie eating, Angels and devils could never be laid to have become like " one of us." Had Ere never eaten what was forbidden ike never could have been worked in by the ipiritof disobedience, Satan ; and, look at it u yon will, the reflection most strike as that by the fact of her eating she admitted Saten to enter and work in her. There can be no doubt bnt that Eve's eating of the forbidden tree was a fellowship with batan first,because Satan was withber; secondly, because it was not in fellowship with God; thirdly, because ft was with the spirit of disobedience. Men may say that it is absurd to think that file fact of eating fruit could have caused such vast effects to the whole hnman race; but it most be considered that in Eve were all mankind, and thus if her body did eat and assimilate a substance forbidden, and uniequently evil, so did those ber children do the same, for the poison would efect every portion of her body ; the fruit was thevehide of the virnB of evil, 1 thereupon esy distinctly that the moral poisoning man acquired was from the actual eating of a fruit which was forbidden, that this frnit was the cause of the poisoning, that Ład it not been eaten the poisoning would Sever hare taken place; also that it was the body of a man which was poisoned, and not the soul, which however, became dormant, or dead, owing to its oneness with the body; and on which the sentence of death was ptonotmoed; " In the day thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." That the body <ne the offender, that the body was tainted, can be seen by the sentence. "For dust thou art, unto dust shalt thou return; for ont of the gronnd wast thou taken," which could not be said of the soul which was breathed into man by God, and which therefore, divine. I have, I think, established the poisoning of. mankind. 1 will try and explain my bdid respecting the antidote. Tn nature, if t poison is taken into in which it spreads its vim, to neutralise it an antidote mast' be taken into the same body, in 'Which it wnit spread its healing effects. In nature nan does not trouble himself, if poisoned, as to how and in what way the antidote will *otk; he not know ho wit may work,nor low the poisons he suffers froim has worked; it u enough for him that he Buffers .find his cure. He takes the antidote in> trait, just u he may have taken the poison b trust) for, as a rule, he does not try and Nun himself. Now, analogous to the "Hion shalt not not eat"—the words God •psketo man at the first—arealmost the last *oids of ChriBt to his disciples, and through ™ m Jo the world Take, eat, this is my ™>. Here, then, is an actual substance wad) to be eaten, taken into the poisoned "My, assimilated with it, and which actual tttaUnceis bidden tp be eaten by Christ, ws IE the vehicle or conduit by which ChriBt naparta His divine attributes to that JWfoned body; just as much as file forbidden the vehicle or conduit by which anparted his evil attributes to that «»y and poisoned it.— Borne ifctos. 