GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. BT J. C. " On, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted nouses et all. It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagina tion. "And why, pray, do yon not believe?" said Alf. " Do you question it because of the impossibility or the improbability ? If you take it on the former score you will find some difficulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond the material a something intangible to the outward senses ; if you advance the improbability, why you know as well as I do that yon know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for as to benefit from what you have learned." " It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." " Well," my dear fellow, " if that is the way we must look at this question, what else can we say about the thousand and one other questions which arise from the unknown. llemember, your scepticism is only of a very recent date, and is a part of that great plague of doubting which assails other dogmas yon would loBe yoar right hand sooner than tore swear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter-" " O, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to . practica! age, and I am not going to believe every old woman's tale, when ab fis terrified out ot her tenses by the seor. iring of ev rat orer the floor, or tho imtohing1 of « mooee behind the wainscot. Hr own experience is evidence against it sufficient to my mind." " Well, if yon want en experimental proof I sm glad I can give it to yon." " Ton I why I never thought yon held con verse with the invisible. Sorely to goodness you're not »jaeflinm J" " No matter what X am, I will give yon a chanoe of patting yow scepticism to the proof-that J«, joa know, if yon are willing, ; forte tell the troth, without questioning your i ownooaragein the least,I have found yon' sceptics not too eager to test the troth wheo the opportunity ia offered yon. Alf and I were seated in ons of the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania-ons of those houses whioh remind UB so much of the "stately homes" ot the old country. Tbe early colonists of the " Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. CairnBtook House might have been taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed much difference between it sud its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a oountry where they think so much of the sun rays that they re ceive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The surroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn there flowed j a broad, silent river, which had in its im petuous youth leaped over a precipice and thundered in rapids, bat now glided calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the bouse the hills rose tier after tier, until they cul minated in a peak, whose summit always received the earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely enough position, however, as tbe nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf and his sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One Sun ay morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Arc De Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can bs caught from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada ond ber brother Alf Meadows had been like myself admiring the magnificence of tbs Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide co them, and pointed out the beauties ol the Tuileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show places. We became friends, and it was not very long natil I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acquaintances came from the opposite side of the world, but " love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I could claim her as my own in the end. I had arrived it Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the fore going conversation had taken place, and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quickly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the next day, md I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substi tute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the house would bring to mud one of those haunted establishments of vhioh old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was sur prised to see my bnther-iii./uturo take the matter, as the Frenen say, au grand eerieux, and actually consiier the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual devil-me-oare characteris tics, I ventured on tie inevitable chaff, but was still more astonisled at seeing Alf's face lose all its buoyancy, ind assume something very like the aspect ct fear. I had not the slightest idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and asked him to explain himself. He remained for some time in deep thought and at last said : " Toa have a rightio know all about it, and therefore as it isa family matter I shall tell you, though who yon have heard the story you will understand why we don't much care to speak about* it to outsiders. He paused again and theil proceeded : "My grandfather Í came out to Van Dieman's Land amoig the earliest of the colonists. He had leen in the army, and therefore very easily got all the fine land which yon can see for miles aronnd us. The climate of the county suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in such a oorjntrj after bis life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had all the sternness and harsrjness of the soldier, and these were exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom In which he found him self. Tou are aware, I suppose, that the con victs were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but yoi are not aware that in ninety-nine oases opt of a hundred the un fortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masterB. ¡Certainly they were the very outoasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of cjime and ready for any description of villany. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were bung in chain» the bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretches were men at least, ind they were treated as brute beasts, and wei need scarcely say they gave beasts' service/ Tou cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnessed -much less can you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not aooount for them. " My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained bim little good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned ser vants there was one who had contrived to worm himself a Utile into the confidence of his master by sneaking and tale- bearing on his fellows. It is one ol the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that it insen sibly vitiates the character of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom he looked upon as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Joe a very nselul creature. Joe, on the other hand, bated the Colonel with all the venom of B depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the cat, and Jae had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on his back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no email revenge. It would have been easy to bsve met the old man alone, but the chancee ol a struggle with him were desperate, and besides hiB Budden deatb would have been a poor satisfaction, for the years of oppression at which it must be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man who had been convicted of con nection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was s strange time that, when men were driven from home ind all they oved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest opposition to the all-powerful oligarchy. The misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch had cometo tbe very worst place forsympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing but tbe 1 moat ordinary communication between his servants and his family, and the young j fellow, innocent BB he was proved to be, wa.' left to brot.d over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touch oí kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on his side but sullen submission, sud on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of bim.' " By all accounts Colonel Meadows made Cairnstock a hell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. Ion will ace e large tree on the opposite aide of the bael i court, and near it a detached building. The buMrag fa tb* oM Bridewell to which prisoners wen consigned betöre being sent to Hobart, and, Heaven help ns, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry house could tell some awful tales it we could give them tongues. " The Colonel bad tiro children, a girl and a boy, both of whom be loved passionately, as men such as he sometimes do; but be especially adored the lovely little Ada, the very apple ot his eye. You will know whence my sister gets bar same. Metters grew woree and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watched everything with a tiger's eye. About this time there were re* ports that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept the western parts of the island in terror bad came northward, and theo Joe, taking advantage ot the despair and wretched ness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted bim to join them. Williams seeing nothing but s life of misery or self-destruction before bim consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for tbe mountain', and appointed a place ot meeting;. On that next day little Ade was found dead on the bank of the river, and her lovely body wa« mutilated almost beyond recognition. A blondy knife was found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. He was not to be found, and of course the crime was at once laid at bis door. Certainly the attend in? circumstances went far to prove his guilt, and at that time much less would have established it io the eyes of free colonists Ko one in the hurry aud confusion seemed to notice the absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one of the aborigi nals hanging about the station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth, so you will not bave a chance of seeing a specimen. His services as a tracker were immediately employed, nod soon there was a strong party in pursuit. I need ttive yon no details. It will be enough to tell you that the fugitives were overtaken, and after a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hard and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable sight. When he was accused of the crime he denied it in the strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he was alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest pro posed to roast the prisoner or make bim con fess. I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. Good God I how unlimited power brutalizes us I The wounded man was dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuries. I can not imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more or not the miser able man was not cut down until his senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the look-up be partially reoovered, and seeing my grandfather near he cursed him and his, sud prayed that neither his eon nor hie son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in the cell- done to death by our omniscient law. The very next day came his free pardon, bis entire inno cence of the crime in Sheffield having been proved. A ebert time brought the confirma tion of his innocence of the murder also. Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy ruin. He was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself be had used Williame' knife to do the deed. " These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make you realise the horrible truth. One almost doubts the goodness ot the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find why euch things can be. The share poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all these broad lands that no one of my blood had helped to make his part in life more wretched. Sometimes I think that his curse must have fallen on us. Ky father had barely reached thirty-five -William's age was about that- when his dead body was washed up by the river near the spot where hie sister's had been found years before. Our poor mother did not sur vive him long, and we were left to the strangers' care. In all the southern hémis phère we have neither kith or kin to care for us or feel for us. Can it be the curse 1 " The story affected me more than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with such horrors. But I wae not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alf : " It is certainly a most painful incident to be even remotely connected with, but you will Bcaroely bring me to believe that the actors in the tragedy have not something better to do tban return to the scene. Is it said your little Bridewell is haunted 7 To be sure there aren't many places that deserve it more." " You may judge for yourself if you like," said Alf, " ¿ut I give you fair warning. I would not pass a night there for a kingdom. I have done it once, and once is enough in a life-time." " Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada will not be horne until to morrow, and I may ae well spend the time unravelling the secret." ' AU right; and if you do so no one will thank you more heartily for anything tb<in I shall for this." The conversation turned on other *" .'.t, but Alt's spirits seemed to havi al r. »j zero, and gradually we became len I watched the lengthening shadows ot tnt,, ,(»s pass slowly over the lawn as the sun dipped towards the western hills, and contrasted fn my own mind the cold and dreary Christinaf landscape of England with the gorgeous brilliancy of the scene before me. I was BO j absorbed in this that it was with a sudden I start I board three rapid knooks just as the sun disappeared behind a distant peak. I 1 jumped to my feet at once, and wae r he;,, surprised that Alf took no notice uni » a sickly smile on his lips betrayed bis buring heard it. " What was that ? " said I. "Oh, nothing 1" said he, "or, rather, something we are pretty well accustomed to." Of course I could not show too much curiosity, yet I could not help feeling some thing uncanny, but this gradually wore away under tbe combined influence of a stiff glass of toddy and thc soothing smoke of a frag rant Havannah. Meantime whatever little preparations were necessary to make thejsolitary Bridewell tenant able for a night bad been made before sun down, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have little chanoe of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for its weight in gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during more than fifty years. 