Facts and Fancies Centralised. ' (Y ALL OF US. 5311 tons coal exported yesterday. 3lue Rlibbon demonstration in Newcastle to-day. '.'lhe past week's local customs revenue was £1,i0 Os 5d. Measles making a clean sweep of the 3'ublic Schools at Yass. The genuineness ofl~anlan'a defeat doubted by the " Pall 3all Gazette." Orr; Archibald flay's new . music warehouses, Hlunter- street,-are gotng ahead apace. Well-known flunter-street storekeeper contem plates shortly making a tour of the globe. Ladies' bathing placo partially blocked up by debris from the Susan Gilmore wreck. Wcaratah Primitive Metthodist Sunday-school anni versary to.morrow. and tea and public meeting on Tuesday, - P~ioa.o3 from £30 upswardso organs, from £10 1Ise. 3?. .J. Cl1arke andi Co., Plane-street and llsunter street. 8il0 Men at work burning up the wreck of the Susan Gilmore. and stripping off the copper,. sheathing, bolts, etc. " -. . Nosw wall for the Ifospital for tho-'Tnano being qsuiekly erected. Fit to stosnd for ltf,?orsL ht5~sdrcd y-ears.: Christ Church uhsblicSchool has undergone a com plete metamorphosis. Lo3ks thoroughly ohip-shape and llristol fashion at last. The Chinese aiuthorities have ordered the expul sion of the French from Canton. The populace also stormed the French Cathedral in that city. In consequence of a pressure of advertisethonts we are compelled to hohl over our usual budget of metropolitan gossip, district news, and otherarticles. flogey 01010 imsprovemoents pcroceeding rapiidly, T?ho wshole thing will prove at ?shite elephosnt if sic commodation for dressing and undressing be not provided. Tihrsday inighlt's resolution at tle sopec.io usot.ncie meeting, anent rbbisih heaps,-lins ohretdy com menced to bear fruit.. One or two local plague spots will thus die a natural death. The Australian Eleveu are wiping out South Eng land now. In match begun at Gravesend on Thurs day, they secuired 354 for 9 wickets in their first itiings. Said Mr. Trickett tosomo Germans: "If a trading vessel goes down to the South Sens to do business, it is no use to hoist the English flag. They have to hoist the German Ilag." On the first day of the Singleton Show, a single -perator, Mr. Joln Guilfoyle, correctly despatched over two thousand words ; in addition to managing the ordinary routine of the special olfice on the ground. lnirtlier intelligence with reference to thestranding of the "Wiratah at Port Ellistoi (S.A.) states sltie had parted the Government mowring chain and was driven ashore near tle jetty. Thle weather having s;ince moderated, it is hiped she will be got off with ouit much damage. . , The knowledge pisssesed by members of the Legis lative Council of tlhe land ucestion compares nn favourably with that displayed by the Lower House. The venerable and retired gentlemeun do not appear to have kept: themselves posted up in the ever developing complexities of the subject. Sir George Grey having failed to form a Ministry in New Zealand, Major Atkinson was sent for, and, after some unsuccessful negotiations with tihe Stout Vogel party, endeavoured to form a Ministry out of his own and Sir George Grey's supporters. The names will probably be-announced to-day. Messrs. Boyle and Scott, 4t and 4L1 Bourke-street, Melbourne, have forwarded us a neatly printed book containing lth latest rnleaof tlhe game of cricket, as revised by the Marylebone Club; also a price list of cricket matlerial selected by H. F. Boyle, of the Ails tralian Eleven. Copies can be had. post free on ap plication. A good story is told of a young married man wnho during his " courting " days was very bashful. One day he was invited to attchd a tea-party at the house of a pious uncle of lhids sweetheart, and whecn seated at tie table tlhe good hostess requested him to ask a blessing, whichli so " broke etp" tihe already bewildered young man that ho unconsciously stain mercd out,.." I don't care for any, thank you." A mysterious case of suicide has been reported from Bcenleigl (Q.) An Italian named MIiehel Gardella was found hanging by'a leatlher strmp at a small jitty'on the Logan Rlver:' The bodywas quited inaked, and the clothes were lying on the bank. The deceased had been emplbyed breaking stones on the Logan railway line. No cause can be assigned for tilhe rash act. ' ' ' : . * Oddfellows will be glad to hear that on Monday, tile 8th proximtno, their genial old 'comrade, lro. Edward Claridge, formerly of Darby- strect, but now of Sydneyi is to be tlthe'reeipient of a handsomely printed address, at Sidney's 'rerminus Hotel. l'ro ceedings will commence at 8.30, aild real display of ouand oldEnglish Oddfellowship is expected. SAfter a case, Woolf v. O'Sullivn, - for alleged aesault hind been dismissed at the Newcastlee olice court, on the 29th July last, Mr. Woolf wrote parti eulars to tihe Minister for Justice, appealing against the Bench's decision, and asking for tile case to be relheard. In reply, 3MrWoolf has received acommnnni cation from theUnder-Secrclary, stating the Minister has no power to order a rehearing of the case. From the' rdpoits of the New Zealand'Coal Com panties' meeting, held at Auckland, we notice tile output of tile Taupiri Extended Coal Co. for tlhe past half year was 18,000 tons, and that the company. have no dilllcultyin executing orders up to 300 tons ier day. Thle B1ay of Islands Coal Co.'s sales for the half-year was 12,tr60tons coal, a reduction of 1.000 tons on the previous half-year's' figures, attributed to strike of miners and other causes. A valuablo.ho lobelonging, to Mr. Lamb jumped overboard of the Newcastle S.N. Co.'s s.is. Kembli on Thursdaynight, at tile wharf, and wais rescued from drowningby Mr. F. W. Lochhead, agent of the II.R:N.S.N. Co., and was afterwards shipped by that company's as. Nainoi. The nnimal did not go overboard Oal'the Naminoi, as stated in yesterday's issue. ' ; -. ., ' . . . . . ,. finishk of hos contract for the altcratioo, osnd ito proveients toClifist Church Publio School, at the interoection of lBolton and Church streets. The formecr dingy; grave-like haro, hoe made way for a healthy, liaudsoote-l'eoking buildiog. The pretniseo have been altered attnost complelly. SBy the dmoo lition of tho late MIr. Cann's adjacent preinses, a large block of valuable land has boen acquired for the purposes of a playground. * The'extenston of the Great Wester't Itailway to be opened from Nlengan to Iyroek, a dietance of oeventy-eight mtles ten chains. 'the train, under the new tine table, leaving nydoeyat S p.u. ecroy day except Sunday, wili reach 1lyroeckat .t.'25 put, on thle following day, the journey tirus occupying 20 haure 25 mtnutes." Byroekc in Il55tiles byntillfrom Sydney. The distance by-rai from Sydney to Slay io45a I iles. The Western is there the longest line of railway in the colony. * . - _ The Melbourne "Telegraph" 'stta thlat thn girls who have been reclaimsed by the h'alvation Army, and seotto situations, are givine satisfaction totheir emoployera in nine eases out of ten. During the past week live young womaen who were taken from the streets were sent to the Home at Geelong,'and two to situations. There a'e now in the Fitzroy liomoe t~ventv.ono females. During. thu paot week the Feemaule Pr~ison-gate Brigade have supplied, free of eharge, 411 mealo and 037 beds, While the Stole Brigade has supplied 445 meals and 1.1 beds. . On Tuesday night, at Braidwood, an old woman named Catherine Wallaee, was lodged in gaol under a warrant of emmnittal for three months by the Araluen bench for using obscene language. She is aswldow, and has teems its lth habit of ranniugaboist Araluten declaring that the ghost*..of. har husoband haunts her. About a fortoight ago;as is mnn was driving a' team aloneg thsa raodad sh rushied suddpnly tromn behind a tree ond threatwso haga utoou.,l at him,., but fortunately without striking him. The p le of Amrluet assert that she is mad, antil Ought to be ont to ii limatic asylum, but nobody likes to tuke action in the matter. . - Tilhe Gordon (Vie.) correspondent of the Meolbourne Tteleraph states that a great sennation wos cansed there by a report that a lion had sesaped from the circus at ?Crrswiek. IXt wan smid thle lion caine through the foreat to within a few miles of this pamce, and that it had hilled revetal horscaand cattle on the way. .People thought thereo as something in the rumour atfitrst, and splitters and others going to work carried-loaded guns and othor weapons of de fence . Ifowever, to the great relief of thle inhabi t ants there" andl at ltbtworra;thie tersihia lion turned out to be agreyhound dog with elothes on. S iAmong.the principal and most attractive costumes at the fancy ball, e nuWednesdy evening, were the following:--Pfiss Liddell, GOnsud tlucheos ; Ittias 'Powley, Fineh' :peasant girl; Hliss Campbell, bridal eostune ; P\lies Helena t\ferouey, night; PIts0 PtAvoy, ]rcench lady; Htiss Itiley, gipsy inucen. Gentlemsen--Mr. ft. Tracers, King of Spain ; M?r. A. Coleman, Earl of Essex; Mr. Moroney, Don Cezcr da nBazan; Mr. M'Ilroy, Highland costume; Mcr. White, footballer; Mr. Creawick, cricketer; Mr. !sI'Namara, policeman. 