THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. SY F. W. KC J 1NS0N. Author of "Grandmothei » Money)" "Coward Conscience)" "A Woman' fiansomi" "?or Her Bake)" Sc., Ac. Published by special arraneement vrlth (be authos. All rights reserved. BOOK III,—APPROACHING THE TRUTH. Cjiapiek XXIII.—When the House was Still. John Woodhatch waited very patiently for the arrival of Kitty Yanch. He sat almost like a statue in his chair, looking far ahead of him at the possibilities of life, tracing on the down-hill road the figure of the boy, whom he had seen first at Fretwell's, coming from the darkness to the light. And now from light to darkness back again! The master of Farm Forlorn did not adopt his old habit of pacing the full limits of the room; he had not the enorgy of thought that night to keep him moving; he was as one very weary, oven utterly disheartened. The house was still, but Kitty Vanch was long in coming to him. It was still as the grave within—as the dead woman above stairs; only the far off moaning of the wind across the sea and fen-land was heard beyond the farm, like a wail over the lost cause, the last failure of the man who had tried to do too much. He sat with some papers in his hands still"; those relating strictly to the affairs of Hester Brake he had thrust into his pocket; those relating to Greg Dorward, to Hester Brake's written history of how she had tracked the crime out, were still within his hands, clutched tightly, as if in fear of losing them. He had read them over and over again; he had committed them to memory against his will, but the facts were corrosive and burned themselves in; he should never forget them, and he did not care for any one else to hear of them, much leBS remember them. Presently the door opened noiselessly, and Kitty Vanch crept in, looking more like a ghost than Kitty Vanch; so white and solemn a face was .it in that hour of their meeting. " Well, Kitty," he said, in almost hi3 old tones, " what has kept you up so late to night? And why aie you anxious to see me ?" " Oh ! you know, sir," answered Kitty at once, "you know too well." " What do I know ?" He was on his guard to the last. It might be that Kitty knew not anything of what had actually happened, and .Greg had told her nothing which could account truly for his departure. It would be like Greg—it would be wise. "You know Greg has gone away," she exclaimed, dropping into the chair facing him, and looking as tired and weary as him self, "and that it is for ever." "He has not come back—but I have been expecting him." "You have?" she asked, regarding him in credulously. " Ycb." " Bead that." She opened her hand in which had been crumpled a scrap of paper, and John Wood hatch took it from her, smoothed it out and read these hastily-scrawled pencil lines:— " Skegs. Shore Bail way Station, " August 27, IS— " I am leaving-for London at once. The master will tell you all. Good bye." There was no signature, and it was not addressed to Kitty Vanch, but it was in Greg's handwriting unmistakably. " How did you get this "I found it on the dressing-table of my room," said Kitty, " Greg had climbed up from the outside, I think, and put it there." " Very likely," answered John Woodhatch, returning it to her. " You are not surprised," said Kitty. "No. I am not surprised," was the reply. " I thought he would go away—if not to night." " And—why ?" asked Kitty. "It is important he should go to London. Business— Kitty leaned forward and laid her hand upon hia arm. "I will not deceive you, sir, and I don't want you try and deceive me. I know every thing." "What do you know, my poor Kitty?" asked John Woodhatch. To the last he would not betray this poor shred of a secret which was left. He seemed to hold to it jealousy, as though it was his own—as though his interest in screening a criminal from justice was far greater than his doctrine of atonement. He would acknowledge nothing, do nothing, for Greig Dorward's sake. He had been proud of Greg till this hour. " I know Miss Brake charged him with the murder of her brother. And you wrote down all she said this afternoon," said Kitty. "Do you think it is true V "Yes," answered Kitty, "Greg does not deny it." " And I was to tell you all, he said?" " Yes," repeated Kitty once more, "if you will. See, I am quite prepared. Very strong, sir, to hear any bad news—and to meet any bad news." "It has been a terrible day—and it closes terribly," said John Woodhatch, " but to you, girl, it should be a bright beginning." " Why 5" cried Kitty, with her eyes ablaze now. "'ihis is an escape for you," was the answer, " he might have been your husband, and the truth might have come years hence, when you could not get from it," "Oh, if it had been," exclaimed Kitty, "then I should have been with him—3harcd his trials — fought his battles —kept him strong. If it had only happened later on even, at any cost to me." "Yoh were fond of him, then?" enquired Woodhatch, "you did not leave him because you bad forgotten how to love him ?" "He is everything to me then,"1 said Kitty, " he is everything now." "He is the murderer of Morris Brake," came the solemn answer back. "God forgive him—yes, that may be," cried Kitty, " but it must have been in self defence, after some insult, or blow. It was not murder, I am sure." This was the echo of Greg's own hurried explanation of the crime, told on the dark sands with the stars for witnesses, thought John Woodhatch. And it was so very near the truth. " Still, he killed Morris," said the farmer thoughtfully, " and the law will not forgive him." " It was five years ago, when he was only a lad—a wild, desperate boy, who had seen you for a day or two, not longer, and was afraid of you," she cried. " He neverhadhis chance, sir; the evil met him here at once, and mastered him—he was always passionate and violent and mad—he would only listen to me —he had never known what good was, what God was, and at the Beformatory he had only met with hard masters and hard words. He had no chance—he never had a chance until it was too late. Don't think too cruelly of him, Mr. Woodhatch—for God's sake don't turn against him now and set them all in search of him. Think what you were your self—what might have become of you! Don't hang this poor sinner, who has shared your home and life—don't think of the law. Think how he loved you and looked up to you as his model always. And he did, he did, he did!" She was kneeling at his feet now; it was with difficulty that ho roused her from her suppliant posture. " My poor Kitty, I do not need your inter cession for him, I shall not stir one step in this," he said. "The Hands of Justice I might try to drag him from—never to put him into." " God bless you," murmured Kitty. " It is not justice," he added, " but then I am not a just man. She should have told Alec Larcom had she wanted justice!" "Did she wish him hanged, sir?" asked Kitty, in a terrified whisper. " Mo. She left it to me to act. She had for gotten what I had been in my time, or wiiat Greg Dorward had become to me. And I act thus, Kitty." He walked to the lamp, and held the papers over the flame, Kitty watching, with her hands pressed upoa tier heart. "That is the story—of it all?" she gasped forth. " Yes—and thus it ends," he said. Together they watched the papers consume and shrivel away to scraps of tiader, which fell upon the table-cover, and the fire of which left in them here and there, was ex tinguished by the broad, hard hand of the master. Kitty stole to the door and looked cut, listened, and came back again. "ThaDk God," she exclaimed, when John Woodhatch had completed his task "And now"—he said, "what next?" "Ah ! what next. VYe must wait till we hear from him again, as I am sure we shall," said Kitty. "As I am sure we shall not," answered Woodhatch, "and as it is best we should not." " I pray we may—and bood," cried Kitty. "No—no. He must pass away now from your life as from mine," said John Wood hatch. " He has deceived us all—and there's an end of him." "No-no." "We have spared him, but he is unworthy of us. He belongs not to us ever again. Try and tbiDk that," said Mr. Woodhatch. "He belongs tome to the end. sir," mur mured Kitty. She stooped and kissed hia hand, as if in gratitude and reverence, and then weDt silently from the room. John Woodhatch did not follow her. He sat down in his old place, and thougbt it all ovtr once more. (To be continued.J 