cFOETAHG- mVEi. By ri NB?MARIIEX.,, i. p — I Thursday next, the 14|h "Insfco, fee n ' busy time with racing p> oti Ifeit date : the general eatut be tfev t&.G, Aatufmv Meeting wilt b® The events whroh Wiil ; require attention are— the First S.Rrffg Baco, el VQ bovb. with added, about two miles and a halt Jiopeful Stakes, of ISO so vs., for t Wjear-olda that have never won oO eov#»- ot public money, colts Sst 101b, fillies 71b, six furlongs. As of oor two-year-olds Are featcienE, this event should comffis h large entry. The Brunswick -of 250 so vs., being over the favc&riih; distance of one mils and a quartet hhould commend itself to owners, ie events on the second day are the Second Hurdle Bace, of 150 so vs., about two miles; Corinthian Cap, value 150 srv.1, welter handicap for three-yoar" and upwards, loweet weight to he less than 10st ; Sceepieefer2Ses"3"£ -Cri sove., about three miles; Boorha Handicap, A 20 0 so vs., eevea ! furiosgs. !flie folic wing evnt?, 10 be run at the Concluding day ot the rneeSiDg, al-t.- reqwirs to be attended to Maiden Pietq, of i 150 sews,, weight for age, one mils and a quarter; Nursery Handicap, r,f 200 go'ps., six furlongs ; Autuma Handie, ofGsovs., one mile andfiv rUiloF ; Alb aged Stakes-, of 200 sovs,, for ivrxr yfear-olds and ttcird?, weight for Obe mile 5 and free Handicap, 1 ot 200 one mile and uquarffer, VThigbtS to be deolared after the scooted Say's racing. While on the seeet ot entries, if would he as well te refeifed our less ambitious owners that a nice little stake can be won at Wyndham on Saturday, the 23rd February, and those who desire to try their fortunes on the course on the plains must in mind that nominations will kg tQoived at Bowes'a hotel, Bourke tl'c£fc, until 4 p.m., and at Wyn&hatk; 'dntii 8.30 p.m., on Monday ser.t. ilth inst. Accth'et important stilts ci be nominat:d S Ibr on Monday next is .the H-swfcesbury Autumn Handicip, always a favourite item with racing men. The club, thanks to the united efforts of the secritiry, Mr. C. S. Guest, and the committee, has passed through a very suceeesfu 1 reason, and, while com plimenting the H.J. \ on its position, I take the opportunity of again reminding intending nominators that entries wiU bs received either at the offtcae of the Richmond, N.S.W., A.J.C., Sydney, aui V.BiC, Melbourne, before 4 p.tn, on the 11th insf. There should be some good sport at Cauh field this ftfternooD, when the Y.A.T.C. February Meeting will be decided, and as the course is in excellent order, those who take a run out to the heath should thoroughly enjoy the trip. The racing will commence with tbe Selling Bace, which will, perhaps, result in a victory for Hannibal. I fancy Sparse or Sundowner in the Hurdle, ana Agitation or Baron von Mueller in the' Qawksburn Handicap. Napoleon or Friendless look best in the Steeplechase, and Manfred or Kathleen ought to be about in St. Valentine's Handi cap. Petrel e-honld win the Welter Handicap. Admittedly one of the most enjoyable gatherings of the season was that which was concluded 011 Saturday last at Connewarre under the auspices of the Geelong Bacing Club. Tho railway arrangements were as complete as heretofore, and as' the weather was thoroughly genial, the journey ti the course was a very pleasant one. Although there was considerable agitation in Melbourne a few years ago over the half-holiday move ment, the custom in the metropolis is more honoured in the breach than the ob?ervance. In Geelong, however, the system is religiously observed, ana Thursday being the day set apart for the shopkeepers' temporary respite, the local residents were more generocs with i their patronage than usual ; and before the opening event of the meeting was run the different enclosures were well patronised. The arrangements were carried out in a praisevvorthy manner by the officials, and as Mr. G. Watson wielded the liag, good utarfs ; were assured. Ooe thing, however, which suggests an alteration is the practice of ailcwing bookmakers to p'y their vocuC30U in from cf the. stand, and the stewards would do well to eEtsbUsh a similar rule to that i adopted hc Plemingtou and Cauifield, ! where all wagering muit cease as soon j as the meitUiiciaus leave the padded.. It j is characteristic ef tho Geeiout' racecourse i that the going is always good, but the truck j vas in exceptionally fine order last week, I owing principally to the recent rains. Since the Iset meeting one of tho posts h&s; been I extended, and tho course is now exactly I one inilo and a halt in cironmferenoe. The j ; racing ihroughcut was c-f a. very inccz -.resting j j character, though the Hurdle Bate proved a ; I very easy thing for the Ballarat horse Sun- j downer, whose sire, Dawn cf Day, wo a the i I V.B.O, Hurdle Bace ac thaeame meeting: that j thg g'elebrated Don Joan WPA the Meltnirne j Cup. Dawn of Day, who was by Panic from Greydawo, afterwards figured successfully across country, and, if I remember oorrectly, i e won the Maiden Steeplechase at the Mel bourne Hunt Club meeting in 1875. Triplet out up very indifferently, and I feel satisfied that her Geeiong running was not her true form. The Juliet family had a really ..high- class representative in Precious Stone, who won both his races ip race style. He is engaged in the Newflkk%it Handicap at 7at 2lh, and, « fit Continues to improve every time S& 4»pears in public, there is no telling how good he really ia. The change quarter® haa had a visible effect on Koh-i nocr. who. by the way, is half-brother to Precious Scoue ; and, though he left a sorry lot behiod him in the Selling Baes, I thought he finished with cousi Arable ocr»€. After his win he icaa knocked to Mr. €c£gan, Of Mount Moriac, for £70, Whrth£ave the club a welcome lift, but 1 believe that his fersrc£ owner got him back at a slight advance of the purchase money. When the( time arrived for preps ratione to be madia the Gold Cup, a fresh interest $|3)Sared to have been aroused, tfeofi frGSl the first it wag seen that who had baeked Aide 'de camp at -? to i and 5 to 2 did not like their factions. This feeling scon manifested Itself, and on all sides there wa? adispoeiticn to lay against the eoi\ of Tim Whifilcr ; indeed, very long qgqld haVe bbefi ohtained hi® before the fiag fte ife with tfcs ftltopefede ib.o¥fe , Ml?. Heeksa hotSle, h xfeade oh feisdi i!ie blr's of the Dowliteg | and in a twinkling .the fishghW of Panic wka ft) staffed Sr=t fevouriU:, a #o iuily jufciiified, Tor site $$$ ' Gained to tfij; hbuV, b?r cntuluon reflected great credit; on Ttr. 1. Wilson, who was very confident of finding the stake. When the weights tp- peared, I declared my pre'fereRCC for Aids' de camp, but it is feratifyg to kow that next tor the.Terrara I mentioned Linda. Little who seems to be a female riSRion of Sardonyx, ran very gamely, as she always does, but she was a little outclassed. As neither Agitation nor Wheatmeat were fully prepared, their positions in the rase were very areditable. Guesswork v$s,oRt of1 court before they had gone a mile, but L 3sbia ran resfrafiiy foe about three-fourths o t5Ttll.ooe. She, however, found the last halt mile a little too much for her. Doncaeter aud Essex were conspicuous for a greater part of the way, sad as the former continues to .improve, I fancy be is worth watching for the Australian Cup, AUhcugh Second Kiog managed to feca his solitary opponent in the Bartfoh Stakes, he if. teQWfthStahding a "kefry moderate J i yottogtlSI. Albeit, he seemi5 g urle enough ' fct cheaCh occasion he finished under eevfere punishment. The Success .0! Sir \v, j. Giarkes colodrs ih the Gtahd Stand Stakes was haUfe'd tifeeris, and now that the Sbnbhty baronet has tasted the fruits of victory, I hope that he will hasten to seoure a mere briiliant representative than the old grey ea v-paigner. Le Grand ran over Little Sister all the way in the Mares' Prddflce Stakes, and many thought tfifit Sir. Wilson was unwise in fiol t'eVer/ing the filly for the handicap, where, under a much lighter weight, she would have probably given a better account of herself. Except ing those who had taken even money about Linda, everybody was glad of the euoce-s o Ferryman in the Handicap, though if Hales ' bad displayed the same amount of patience that ho did iu the Cup/ the result may have been different, for there is no doubt be came a little tod Soon with the Ballarat mare. Ferryman is one of the hand somest horses in training, and was got by Masamello (a grandson oi Fisherman) from Juanita, by New Warrior from Saucebox, by Cossack. Masaniello was from Marchioness, the dam of Rose of Denmark, Angler, Fish hook, etc. He was trained by Mr. A. F. Bradshaw, of Cheltenham, who brought him to the post in excellent condition. The Steeplechase furnished one of the best cross country races ever EeeD, and the struggle home between Moonlight, Tandstickor, Aus tralian Court, and Napoleon was moBt exciting. The Victorian Trotting Club has put for ward an attractive bill of fare for the meeting to be decided at Eisternwiok Park on St. Patrick's Day. The programme comprises the Faugh-a- Ballagh Hurdle Bace of 50 sovs., one mile and three-quarters ; Purse, of 50 sovs, free for all trotters or pacers, mile beats, best three in five ; New Selling Bace, of 30 sovs. ; Purse, of 30 sovs., for 2.43 class trotters or pacers, mile beats, best two in three ; and St. Patrick's Handicap, of 100 sovs , one mile and eighty yards. On Monday next there will be an exodus of meo and noises across the Straits to take part in the ensuing racing campaign at Tasmania, which commences at Hobart on Wednesday next, the 8th inst,, under the auspices of the Tasmanian Bacing Club. The event par excellence is, of course, the Hobart Cup, and, now that Linda has been withdrawn, the race presents a much more open appearance, though if The Joker were io etart ho should be very hsrd to beai. I fear, however, he will not go over, and per haps Belle Brandon will w>u. King of the Yale is a certain starur, bht it is thought that the recent gruelling he has been subjected to on the training- ground will militate against his chance. Of the local horses, Siguor and Hobart are riot overburdened, and perhaps oue or the ether may prove troublesome. presumingtbat i.hcy are thoroughly fi; on the day. Now that Australian Court goes straight, I believe Bcobie will take him over to run for the Steeplechase, and as he has shown, his ability to carry list at Geelnog, he should v-in. On the 2 1st and 22nd. Lauoceston will ho the rendezvous, and from what I can learn, some capital paorc will be provided. The failure of Mr. William Blenkicon, 'proprietor of the Middle Park Stud, is announced in the English papers. The liabilities ore stated to be £11,200, and (he assets £4,000 Already there has been a fair amount of I speculation over the Newmarket Hacdi'ap | end Australian Cup. For the former event i fiegenhce and Countryman have been ! supported to win several thousands of pounds | at prices ranging frbui 100 to 3 to 100 to 6. i They are now both equal favourites at 100 to 1 8 each. Coolabah has been entrusted to wl$ about £6,000, and ii now quoted AtTOO to 6, at which price Claptrap is also nibbled at. Since his dual win at Geeiong, Precious Stone has been backed for a fe thousands ! at 100 to 4 and ,6, J"?11 » ! obtainable about Napierj.Rcfp.S j Lord Wrtton, Ma«fTleo been « for The Dconeuwhpi i| With Sttfirt at 1 006 to.#, The Champion Race is praoti i bihiy a dead letter, the ruling prices being . 6 to 4 Mariini- Henry, and 3 to 1 Commotion For the Australian 10 to 1 is offered on the field. From our English files I learn that the j Eclipse Stakes, of 10,000 govs., which will be run at Sand own Park in July, 1886. has closed , with 170 entries, incl jding several French acd American hore»& . . , . , . . 1 the winder 6f Jtne late Geeiong i%ilechise, was siibtfrittea to auction .at j Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, but failed tio fmd a . PUAlshough it, fs £ui& thai Mr. J. 1 Crozler w&k; 1$. for the purchase cf the j £t. Aluans stud, the prioe named by Mr. j Wilson did not meet with the approval of the Sou ;h Australian sportsman, and therefore the bargain is off, A well-known turf commissBon agent, chiefly remarkable for the elegance of the lit of his coat, has failed to put In ah RppeftfaflSe at the settling oVet the (f-eetong iriSetlbgi Add the eoifcldsidfi arrived at is that he has fca|fefl a to Surope. H&fee; SSored bis third sticcfessiC Geeldng Gold Cup on liioda, having jireVioasly Been , successful da Gdiaea la 182 aud Guiir in . i'83. .. ; . I . There ara.fiU isutj:3ix horses left in the f e&raarket; handicap, and thirty- six in the . Auatralim Cup. , t 17 j i In a conversation with Mr. F. F. Dkin on Wednesday, that gentleipan iliuirJied se (hat n6twitstiri Fryiugin wiil start for the Newmarket j Handicap, though, of course, he does not for i a moment imagine that Mr. Psareon's galljnt < brown will win. | As all Monaghan's boxes are -occupied Le . Grand has been left in charge of .Walter Higinbotham, and the; son of Epigrani wiU, for tile prfjxentj farg Walneu At St. Dl 0. training estabUshment at Ra.i&rat.; j Seventeen youngsters remain in the Sires' j Produce Stakes to be run at the ensuing V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. While at Geeiong last week, Forlorn was . sold to Mr. Coogan, of Mount Moriao. i By cablegram from New Zealand I learn 1 that the Wellington Cup has been won by The Poet, bv An teres from Fancy. The Racing Club Handicap feil to Salvage, by Castaway. As the nominator of Pcoto-Mirtyr, sire of Uatdaj winner of the Geeiong Sires' Produce Stakes, Mr. J. Patterson, of Laceby, receives iOO.Sdvk. i x ' TffC agamsfe Jeremiah Roland, landlord of the Champion hotel. Gertrude street, for conducting the u Arch-medumi " Cup sweep, was dismissed at the FiterOy Police-court on Monday dn accdiint 1 df an in formality, the 8umnions lidt following the j ivdrds of the soctidn under Which proceed- instituted. The error arose through ; a misunderstanding, Mr. Chomley, who j drew the original document, patting, etc., 1 and leaving the clerk to fill up the blank, I which he did not do. Another summons j will be issued. j From oor Indian files I notice that the ' Australian borses are appropriating all thegood I things of the Indian turf. At the' Cl5utta j meeting the Colonials were particularly j successful. The principal event, the Viceroy's 1 Cup, attracted seven runners," and was won < easily by Gudarg, who carried 9st 3lb. LtyLa, j late CaoibaJlo (9et), was second, and Ween ' (S-»t Tib) third. The other starters were 1 Namesake (Srf 41b), Narrabri (9st 31b), and i Palmerston (9at 3ib). Somerset, . who was , such a sensational favourite for the V.R C. | and A.J.C. Derbies, was also amongst the . defeated ones. The betting was 6 to 4 on Gudarz, 5 to 1 aget. Loyla, 11 to 2 each agst. Somerset and Palnierston, 12 to I agst. WeeD, and. 100 to 1 each agst. Narrabri and Namesake. Palmerston and Ween made most of the running, when Gudarz and Ween went to the frqnt, and though the pair ran together for some distance, the favourite drew away and won by a couple of lengthp. The last half- mile was run in 2min. 49sec., and thb whole distance in 3min. olsec. Caractacus, by Captivator from Boyal Devoir, easily disposed of Blue Bell in a private match for 2.00 ) rupees- Mr. Maoklin's Australian gelding At Last defeated Diamond, Lohengrin, and Lunatic in the Grind Annual Hurdle Bice, and Fizz carried 8st and won the Ohowrinki Cup, beating Rebecca, Paragraph, Baltic, Caract&ous.; and four others. Gudarz also won the Dqrbbunga Cup. beating Lay la, Nulquine, Ween, and Belladrum. Transferred, while suffering from a severe . ooid, was beaten for the fiudwan Cop by Palmerston. The Ghost disposed of a large field In the Sandown Park Stakes after a great race with Caractacus. At the B&Uygungie; Steeplechase Meeting, the principal event Was won by au Aiii-tralian gelling, Jumbo, who waa ridden by J. Eiliott. Young Robineou won the Trial Cnase Cup on Biackwater, and Warragul wen the Welter Steeplechase, the favourite, Snowstorm, being third. The committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club met on Thursday, and decided that bookmakers should be charged the sum c»f £6 6s , which will include ec trancs to the stand enclosure for all meetings held on their course up to the end of the clubs financial year, 31st August, 1884. The charge to the outer ring will be £2 to the earn date, irrespective of the entrance fee. Those persons desirous of registering their name- are requested to ap»ly at the office, lf2 Bourke street, without delay. It must noc be construed that the committee were in any i way influenced in miking this concession by the result of the action of Davis v. White which was tried in Sydney last week. They are simply desirous cf treating fairly and friendly with the meUUiotans, who have from the first very reasonably contended that having paid a licence fee, (hey ehould be admitted to the grand-etaed enclosure free. Several sporting men, including W. Lane E. Coffy, and the jockeys Williameon nod Fiindenf' lef !oie ®WKnan® yedterday by the According to the following extraol from the English Easing Calendar, Gharhn W&m; toe trainer, does not poteew (he : same reputation as his brother Fieddy, and the career of Tom Brown, who trained fjj i Tonans for Mr. Long, will probably b« || I brought toon abrupt (ermlnftliolf. The Ootifi i i : ftaridh is -ft lolldwe :-f# The itewfcrdi of tfag : I | lo&ey; f Gldh; atHd HoneberdJ'tWppUwu | ! lioii tor hiiiSeii df id' train botre 1 i OB the club's lands at Newmarket, have / I granted all tbe applications with the exoep. jg tion of that of C. Archer, which they have ffl | declined to renew, and that of T. Brown, || I which etude for farther oonsideratioa." |f j Owners and trainers are reminded that p i entries will be due before 4 p.m. on Monday f$i next for the Sydney Gold Cap. Belle Brandoni King of the Yale, end - &h;&nfftodkj; left fof PaSmafiia yefterday Linii hde feeeii fcrat&sid; far ihe ilobart p Cap, And tHcre i# dosbt about The Joker / jolng to Tasmania. ' Allander's eister, Caller Ou, by Smuggler from Lady Manners Sutton, was sold at Kirk's Bazaar, on Thursday, to Mr. G, Glasscock, for 23£ guineas. Second King, beiog a maiden, was entitled to an allowance of 31b in tbe Barwon i Stakes, but bis nsusUy astute owoer 1 tieglccttii to elaim It, and the oarer of | Mbon to«J rofi3iatliiBdU3 to refer to tbv that tor after lb( racei Already the edaine fordes of tbe ether Culodies Ste stnassiag at bead quarter?, and tbfe tfainin tfabk at Fleittiogton will soou aksbifle a lively apeStoOfiR at .early tfioffi. j iflgi Ddritr the week Mr. Ds xMeptrfcri j Firing, comprising Navigator, Copra, Chaa, "VaxUgbt, Cupidon, Muscat, Sirocc. 9'.eers- rain, and tbe jtbreejyear-old colt Pobiupc fcnrioe frotn Tbe Mtrqui?" Vrt-FJior n"?r? prrived ih chafiie o! StedJeii. oh'if tdked i,0 theit old jdarteis at tbe Itaceconrc botcf. The Hon. J. White's horses, including Martini-Henri and Segenhoe, have alia arrived; , The studhorse, The Hook, by Fisblidol from Juliet, arrived from Adelaide on Wed- needay, and, .after a. shojqt stay at Kirk'i f Bazaar joined tSe rest of ttrCoglln'i bctee I dt the National Agriedjttiral Society s ydfdi; | Rapidity's son ArsMuke, who recently joined Mr. F. F. D skin's string, has been 1 tried and found wanting, and has been sent j home to his owner, Mr. Pyere. Marchioness carried off the honours at I the Ararat meeting by winning the Ararat ! Gup end Toblicaua1 Porse. In the former I event, Fryirgpan'e half -brother Barley Bree, | who had the services of Halea, came very : fast in the last few strides, and was only \- beaten by a neck, while Bnwarrow was third, : half a -dozen lengths behind. Lenore captured the Ladies' Bracelet and Flying > Handicap. Saodowner landed the Hordle ; Race. Mr. Robert Chirnside was successful i on Prattle for ibe Polo Pony Bace, and ' Ohloris w..«n the Maiden Plate ' Mr. Gihney has resigned his position ss secretary of the Victorian Trotting Club, but : at tbe request of the committee consented to ; hol.d office until the 1st March. > .The following scratching? Were posted at tbe V.R.C. office, Monday : — Newmarket H&ndi-; cap : Claudius, Torpedo, Golden Butterfly, 1 Signor, Archduke, Lady Beatrice, Rtngwood, " i Vergy, Grosvenor, St. Laurence, Chucks ter, f Cassiopeia, First Demon, Privateer, Larpent, Prometheus. Pyrette, Trump Yoss, Permit, I Brimstone, Haidee of the Hills, Little Sister, j Merman. Athena, Mistake, Squireen. Ans- & | tralian Cup : Grosvenor, Santa Claus, C&lma;, I | Pollio, Warwick, Archie. Steeplediase : I Alhambra. I The following are tbe scratchings in con nee - | tion with the V.A.T.C. February meeting, to | be ran at Cauifield on Saturday : — Selling . Raee, Accmitum ; Stee|derisase, Alhambra, j lievolver ; Welter . Handie&p;, Phantom, | Brenda ; Hawksburn Handip, Phantom. The following horses were, Thursday, struck | ont of their V.AT.C. engagements: — Hurdle | Race : Schemer, Ontario ; Hawksburn Handi | cap : Boolka, Agatha, Euclid. Norfolk, Linda | Malua; Welter Handicap: Bassanio. Spsrk ; ! Steeplechase : Daylight. Albatross, Noorong, Hands DoVn ; St. Valan tine's Handicap : Rafus. Geeiong Racing Club Meeting. Stewards : Messrs. Josiah Austin, Sidney Austin, E. A, Austin, S. Y. Buckland, Ai Chirnside, R. Chirnside, juu., T. H&wkes;, D. S. Wallace, Dr. D. B. Reid. Handi capper : Mr. E. T. Barnard. Starter : Mr. George Watson. Judge : Mr. S. Austin. Clerk of the course : Mr. D. O'Toole. Secretary : Mr. J. D. Robinson. The annual meeting of the Geeiong Racing Crab was successfully concluded on Saturday. The weather was beautifully fine, and tbe special trains which left Melbourne tor the course were well patronised, but the attendance altogether was not so large as thit of Thursday last. The following are the details of tbe racing : — > Barwon Stakes, of 75 sovs., with a sweep stake of 3 sovs. each added. For two-year- olds. Six furlongs. Mr W, Branch's br c Seooad King, bv King of the m Williamson 2 MA- f - Bradshaws bl c Ebony, Sst . . AspInaU ? Betting : 4 to i on Saoond King. The favourite gained a alight; adrant&ce; at the- start, earned on the running to the turn, There he was joined by Ebony, and a dinr-donsr finish cn- sued up the stimght. Nearing the post, Ebony was- ui front, bat Williamson made a vigorous effort ob j-eoond King, and secured the victory by a now-- Time, 1mm I9sec. Marks' Produce Stakes, of 100 sovs., with a siveepstake of 10 so\s. each added. For One mile and a half. Mr D. S. Wallace's b c Le Grand, by Epigram — Legend, 9gt 3lb (including 71b penal ti) . . O'Brien 1 Mr -J. Wilson's bf Little Sister, bv KInuof the Km?— Maid of all Work, Sst 71b Williamson ? Betting: 5 to 4 on Le Grand. Little Sister went to the front at the fall of the. and Jed for about half the distance, when Le Gramt joined issue, and the pair raced side by side- to the turn, where the favourite forged ahead! and won, hard hcM, bj a length. Time, 2min. 44sec. »S«lllvg Stakbs, of 50 sovs. Weight for age. One mile. Mr L. Barnard's br h Koh-i-noor, by Pisodor- _ Topaz, 5 \rs (nil), 7st, 81b . . . , Sanders 1 Mr u. Griffin's el h Westburj-, aged (nil), 7st 8lb Burton 2 Mr T. Chadwiok'3 b c Hill Talk, 3 yrs (ril). 6st 121b i . . - - . . Cracknel! S Mr R. Smiley's br g Tjroce, 4 yrs (£5CX Sst 4lb ' . . . . . . . . Barr 6 Mr J. Hahon'S ch h Jack of CSobs, aged (nil). 7st <- fflb .. .. .. .. OiiiTT 0 Mr T. Mahony's b g Pouter, aged (nilX 7st 5Jb , Apinall 0 ' Mr A Dunn's bl f Lalla Rookh, 2 \rt (£J0), 7st f-ib s (jnoTuding 191b mer) .» .. Spooner 0 Bettiusr : 6 to 4.agst Westijurv, S to 1 sgst Koh-i- 1 uoor, 4 to 1 agst HL1 Talk. ' 1 A good stxrt was ef?»oted. Jack of CSubs going to i the front, and leading along the back of the course . ' half 4 dhteu lengths ahead of W cstburj and Koh-i-noor, while IaU» Rookh, who was leftu at tbe post, <waa tolling' in the rear. At theriver side, Jack of Clubs compounded, andgave way to the favourite and Koh- i-noor, who ran together to the turn, where the' last-named foiled ahead and won, hard held, by a length, Wesibury being twice that distance in advance Of Hill Talk. Time, lmin. 49seo. Geklong Handicap, of 125 so vs. , with a a -veepRtake of 5 so vs. each added. One milA and a half. Br W. Calvert's br h Ferryman, by Masaniello, 5 r-'!, . " Sandcis' 1 Mr J. Wilson's b m Linda, 5 yrs, 8st Sib . . Ha'es 2 Mr J. Williams's b c Wheatmeat, S.yra,7st31b .. .. Power 3 Mr C. Wilson's eh h Odd Trick, aged, 8st 101b i «» .. .. O'Brien 0 Sir W. J. aarke's g g Phantom, aged, 7st 51b I .. Moore 0 Mr S. Mahon's br f Lesbia, 4 yrs, 7st .. Cracknell 0 )|r H. Haimes's br h Doncaster, 5 yrs, 7st. .Swallow ilr G. H. Read's b m Agitation, 6 yrs, 6st 121b £ „ . .. .. Walker 0 betting : Even money agst Linda, 5 to 1 agst Cdd Trick, 7 to 1 each agst Phantom and Lesbia, 10 to 1 »ch apt Ferryman and Wheatmeat. A slight delay occqrred at the start, and when the flag fell the favourite and Phantom were the first to move, the others being In a line. Rounding the turn, Linda and Phantom were eased, and Agitation was taken to the front, a length ahead of Lesbia. Don- caster Ferryman, Phantom, and Wheatmeat follow ing, with Odd Trick and Linda bringing up the rear. Along the swamp much the same order was observable, and at the back Agitation still held oom- mnd, Doncaster, Lesbia, Phantom, and Wheatmeat all being well up. Agitation oontinued to lead until reaching the river side, where she retired and Linda and Ferryman took command. Turning into the straight the favourite looked like winning, but muue a. ueiermmea enorx on f erryman wiiu responded very gamely, and secured the victory by half a length ; Wheatmeat was third, Phantom was fourth, and Doncaster last. Time 2min. 40sec. Handicap Steeplechase, of 100 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each added. About three miles. Mr J. M'Grade's b g Moonlight, 6 yrs, 9st 71b . .Hill 1 Mr T. Corrigan's b g Australian Court, 6 yrs, list lib .. .. .. .. .. Scobie Mr E. Lewis's br h Tandsticker, aged, 9st lllb . Kilduff 8 Mr A. F. Sullivan's b g Songster, 6 rrs, list 12Jb Batty 0 Mr Johnson nsb gNapoleon, aged, 10stSlb..Huht 0 Mr Glasscock's b g Hope, aged, 9st 121b . . M'Lood 0 Mr Dowling's b g Hands Down, 6 jra, 9sfc 71b . . Jellet 0 Mr J. Glasscock's br g Daylight, 6 yrs, 9st 71b . . M'Gowan 0 Betting : 6 to 2 agst Australian Court. 3 to 1 agst Songster, 4 to 1 agst Napoleon, 8 to 1 agst Tandsticker, 10 to 1 agst Moonlight. Tandsticker was the quickest on his legs, and led over the fences in front of the stand, attended by Napoleon and Australian Court, the others being in a line. Hands Down baulked at the third obstacle, and retired from the race. Along the back Tandsticker still led, closely followed by Hope and Napoleon, Australian Court being at the head of the others, with Songster last. Scarcely any alteration in this order was noticeable as they passed the stand, but at the fence at the swamp Hope fell. As they ran along the back, the order was Tandsticker, Napoleon, Moonlight, Australian Court, and Daylight, with Songster some distance in Hie rear. At the river Australian Court and Napoleon took the lead, hut as they entered the straight they were joined by Moon- tight and Tandsticker, and a great race ensued up the straight, resulting in a victory for Moonlight by half a length from Australian Court. Tandsticker was a good third, and Napoleon a dose fourth. Time, 6min. SSHC. dcrawaeds' Puksb, A handicap of 75 sovs., with a sweepstake of 3 sovs. each added. One mile. Mr J. D. Robertson's bl c Precious Stone, by Tubal Cain —Topaz, 8 yrs, 8st .. .. Burton 1 Mr H. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 7st 91b Sanders 2 Mr W. Branch's br m Athona, aged, Sst .. Williamson SirW J. Clarke's b g Esmond, 3 yrs, 7st.. Moore 0 Mr J. Wilson's b f Antoinette, 2 yrs, fist 121b .. . .. .. .. Young 0 Betting : 6 to 4 agst Precious Stone. Belle Brandon made the running to the turn, Where she was passed by the favourite, who won in a canter. Belle Brandon was seeond, lut no third horse was placed. Time, lmin 48seo» 