CAULFIELD ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodeu?. Cnulficld, resplendent in itc. wondcrinl pros perity, bus succeeded iu signally marking out a now era in the history ot tho Victorian turf— an era that is qnito refreshing in its newly created oxistenco, and ono which has already brought Iustro to tbo national paslimo of horse racing as followod, practised and enjoyod in our southern climes. Only these who woro acquainted with tbc howling wilderness of scrub and sand prior to tho lata Mr. E. C. Mooro pitching the V.A.T.C. tent thereon aro onablod to form a full conception of tho transformation scono, and it redounds greatly to tbo ontcrpriso of tho "Amateurs" for the numerous and oxtonsivo changes thoy havo affected in a comparatively Bhort spaco of tlmo. Mr. N. It. D. Bond, who is never tired of paint ing the lily or adorning tho rose, is incessantly on tho marcit of improvomont ; and on as sembling on tho. popular heath this aftornoou, visitors will not bo slow to rocogniso tho nature and extent of tho progress mado in this purtieu. lar diroction. Tbo now rail oncircling tbo conrso proper will bo tho first innovation to arrest atten tion, and wandor whero you may tboro will ovorywhoro bo obsorvablo ovidoneo of tho addi- tional provision mado for tho convcnioneo and pleasure of those who periodically favor tho V.A.T.C. meetings with thoir prosenco. tinder such circnmstanecs it is at all timos a treat to re new acquaintanceship 'with Caulfiold and its ploasurahlo associations, and thore is ho reason to donht that tho spring festivities which com mence this ntternoon will add considerably to tho prcstjgo of tho V. A.T.O., both by tho natnro of operations and the oxtont of pstromigo be- stowod on tho part of tlic public at largo. Tho liberal manhor in which owners ot horses havo signified thoir approval of tho special con ditions affixed to tho Maiden Flats givo3 prcmiso of a largo field wherewith to signal tho commence ment of oporations ; and with snch maidons as Conjecturo, Capri, Norfolk, Tho Bey, Umborto, Duration, Vornet and Dargo to solcct from, thoro will bo no dearth of quality as well as quantity. Of tho 33 original nomina tions I liko best tho chances of Capri,. Conjee- tnro, Duration and I'olcstar, and I shall solect this quattet against tho field, awarding tho single handed preference to ' CAlPKI, who will probably havo most to fear from Con jecturo and'Duration. There will be a fair array of talent at tbo post for tho Hnrdlo Raco, and as last,, Saturday's running at Floinington virtually settles Kit Nubbles, Dawdlor and Sinking Fund, a trio thought to bo favorably handicapped, I feel dis- poaod to soarch bighor up tho list for tho winner, Ontario, Gasalior, ScobolofT and Hazard impress mo ns possessing prior claims, and it isqnito on the -.cards -that tho best of Mr. Sullivan's pair will mako somo recompense for past disappointments. My ffai shall be in favor of ONTARIO who may possibly oxporionco most "opposition from ScobeloiX and Gasalior. Considerable curiosity will bo centered in tho competition for tho Great Foal Stakes, the field' for which I expect to sco mado up from tbo sub- joined list of PROBABLE STARTERS. Horse. 8lro and Dam. Jockey. ' Carow .. .. Slanderer— Rovina .. llulclicuri Ciotii ot Gold .. King Arthur— Monsoy First Frinco .. First Ring— Senorita . Yeoinans .uasliijrnor.. .. Angler— Ussolins ..Power La- Jy Adelaide,, Nowmlnster— Adelaide Boaso Lady Wilton .. Countryman— Instep . M'Qiado .Local Option ..Argus Scandal— Bar- '11 ""d;1 Williams Merry Amas .. Glorious-Catherine . ' , Nicholson Narowoen .. Kirk— Ell .. olds i llcista .. ,;Argua Scandal— Ata- "lanta .. ,, ..St. Bacchua Phaon .. .. King of tho Ring- „ , Sappho .. Connors .Ringmaster .. First King— Ynrdley .. iiooro . Sauvignoo .. Bordeaux— Potrca .. Murphy 'Umbra ;. ' .. Julian Avcncl— Para. chute O'Brien .Waiting Maid ..King ol. the Ring— "» , : ; Mischief .. .. Bt. Albans Thore is very littlo material available to gnido one in arriving at a satisfactory digest of the prcs- :P0ctB hold by tho. various youngsters which will Bport their owners colors over tho four furlongs conrso this afternoon. Of this some conception may bo formed when it is stated that of, tho eighteen namo3 which still remain in tho list of candidates seven only have appeared in public, and tho form displayed by this lot is not of a character to favor tho anticipation that the ultimato winner will crop up from amongst them. Sauvignon, Ringmaster, Na rowoen, Lady Wilton, Local Option, Ocista and Merry Xmas aro the division alluded to. Sanvignon appears to havo improved moro than any of tho rest, and as ho was coming vory fast at tho finish of tho Caulfield Sapling Stakes, it is quite possiblo for him to show to moro advautago when next stripped. By Bordeaux fiomPctrea, his breeding on both sidc3 is good enough for any thing, and I am preparod to staudhim in profor- cnco to any of the others trained at Flemington. viz.— Carow, Lady Adelaide, Lady Wilton, Merry .Xmas, Ringmaster and School Girl. From what I havo been ablo to gather I feel justified in ha zarding an opinion in favor of THAON, noxtto whom I entertain most respect for San vignon and Lady Wilton. Tho Guineas is hound to supply an abundance of interesting introductory dotail, and there will probably ho a keener desiro to interview tho 3-yoar-olds than promises to bo the case with the competitors for tho remaining events in tho bill of fare. A fair representation of talent may con- fidently bo expected to be supplied from tho following list of PROBABLE STARTERS. Horse. ",| Sire and Dam. | Jockoy, .Bohemian .. Maribyrnong— Nina .. Blair .David .. .. Tho Gondolier— Alice . _ , , „®rew Power Gratitudo .. Countryman— Serenity O'Brien Helcno . .. Countryman — Tin- _ finder.. .. .. M'Grade Loporello ;. Glovauni— Affec- ,, . talion.. .. Boaso .. Argus Scandal -ChU- _ lonnloro- .. ..Williams Pilot m v Robinson C r u a o c — Cracker .. .. Colley Ruins ., .. King ot tbo Ring— " '< . I_ Princess Alice .. Plgott Rebus .. . . :Glorious— Acroatlc .. Nicholson Sanaal . «. NYlntcrlakc— In»tep .. Trahaii Sirocco e. .. IPisca tor—Zephyr .. Robertson Tremando soiTestor— Agitation .. Hales Although Bohemian had beenhighly tried prior to his ddbut in public, his introductory behavior at the last V,' R, C. Spring Meeting was of a mo3t disappointing character, though he sub sequently made some amends by running a dead heat with Hawkesbnry in tho Maiden Plato at Wagga Wagga, and again winning tho Two-Year. Old Handicap on tho following day. On tho strongthof theso performances, as wellas a satisfac tory private spin with Archie, his friends wero in duced to lay odds on him for tho Normanby Stakes, on liLi return to Flemington, bat The Bro ker, carrying a 4 lb. penalty, romped homo in ad vance of Bohemian, behind whom finished King of the Gipsies, Sozond King and Helens. Bargo, Tho Brokor, Sirocco and David all finished in ad- vanco of Bohemian in tbo Ascot Yalo Stakes, after which he changed bauds and then wound up his 2-year.old career by winning tho Cri terion Stakes at tho Caulfiold March Meeting, tho company behind him being extromcly modorate. Theso credentials aro scarcely good enough to warrant an expression of opinion in his favor on tho present occasion, inasmuch as ho has never failed to go down whenever op posed to anything liko decent company, while his last sa.ison's running places him below David and Sirocco in poi nt of merit. Bohomian theroforo, will need to have mado immonso im- provemontin order to send np tho winning number thisaftornoon. Wehavo todea! with amoroeligiblo candidate in David, who has wintered splendidly, and has recently behaved in n style which leads hiB friends to believe that he has fully recovered that form which enabled him to win tho Great Foal Stakes lost year, when his spring rnnning proved hint to bo vastly superior to horse3 liko Gratitudo, Sandal, Bohemian, Mcrrimu, Heleno and Sirocco. Resides appropriating tho Foal Stakes he gained place distinctions in tho Mari byrnong Plato, Flying and Flemington Stakes at tho V. R. C. Spring Mooting, hat he wont all to pieces during the remaindor of the sosson and failed to display a'particlo of his provious form, Possibly ho may havo had too much of it to com mence with, hut as hois a good tempered colt, and supposed to possess a fair allowanco of that in- domitablo gamoncss so characteristic of his half brother Columbus, thoro aro hopes of aocing David ro-appoar in tho samoform which won him hisspnrs last spring. Ho will possess tho addi tional advautago of competing over his own ground, whereon ho exercises daily, Tho mount will ho ontrustod to Fowor, who Tflll.be quits nt homo over tho Caulfield course, having won both tho Fori Stakes and Guineas en Fryingpan. South Australia will put forward a trio of woll porformod fillios in Gratitude, Hclono and Sandal. Tho last namod has not mado nearly tho sarno improvement as tho other pair, and I am thus inclined to cstimato hor chanco proportionately inferior, notwithstanding that Holono finished absolutely last of tho three in tho S.A.J.C. Dorby, which raco is half a milo longor than tho Oanlfiold -race. Gratitudo proved vic torious on that occasion, but ns I tako Holono to: bo tho moro brilliant of tho two I expect to soc tho lovoly sistcrto Tho Assyrian amply avengo herself over tho shorter jonrnoy to be traversed tlr's after noon. She has boon in great buc/rio over since hor arrival at' Flemington, and I am sufficiently im-, pressed with her superiority to extend a rcnownl of those recommendations I advanced in thcso columns prior to her going amiss last spring. Perfect and inachino liko in her action, grandly developed in'bodily and mnscnlar conformation, and hailing from a'raro ga'loping family, Holono appears eminently qualified to bo brnckotcd with former Guineas winners liko Whcatoar, Frying, pan aud Sardius, Lcporcllo is a colt whoso name has created considerable stir iatoly ;u connection with both tho Guinoas and Derby, but I fail to know what ho has evor dono to ontitlo him to the promotion he has roceivod. Ho was a pro nounced failuro whon an inmate of Hcywood's stable, and tho opportunity of getting rid of him through tho medium of a soiling raco was gladly availed of. Nnbsequontly bo has gainod acouplo of winning brackets in inferior company undor light imposts, but his bc9tform is not within a stono of what ought to be oxpcctcd from the winner of tho Guineas, and I corlainly cannot reconcile myself to tho belief that ho will turn up trumps this afternoon. Patting all othor considerations on r-ne side, a very reasonable objection may bo taken to him on the score of h9 doubtful weight carry ing qualifications, for ho strikes mo forcibly as a bors'o hdttcr Edited for handicap purposes than for carrying 8 at. S lb. at tho head of somo of tho crCmc of tho 3-year-olds. Thin is tho opinion 1 have formed of Lepor.-ilu, lot the result of to day's raco be as it may. Morrimu is said to havo furnished into ono of tho most improved horses of his year; and as ho is snpposcd to be able to do all sorts of things with Ironmaster, it is not sur prising to know that bo has been wolf supported by the followers of tho "black and gold," who can always depend on ona thing— and a very import ant one, too, in those days of in acd out rnnning — namoly, a straight go for thoir money. On thoir two-year-oid form Morrimu was not within a stono of David, and one would require to be in posses sion of a deal moro information than is given in last season's records to authorise an opinion favorable to Mcrrimu's prospects cn the presont occasion. Pilot is another animal that will also require to hove improved beyond recog nition to cntitlo hint to respect. I have a much higher opinion of Rufus, who won a good handi cap at Flemington last autumn with 8 st. up; and now that ho is brought prominently forward at the last moment ha reads moro like a prob able winner than some of tho other candi dates. I am apprehensive that Rebus and San dal, two fillies of undoubted pace, will find tho weight too burdensome in such company. Very little appears to bo known of Sirocco since his re legation to roulsham's secluded retreat at Brighton, bnt ho was a long way from being at the top of the treo last year, though very consis tent in all his pcrformanco3, anda coltthatgavotho idea of boing snscoptibloof considcrabio improve ment. Wo havo only tho Hawkosbury andRanu- wick running to guidonsin cstimatiogTrcmando's chances of .-access in the impending struggio; and as no collateral lino is thereby afforded, tho gauge is nseloss in determining dofinitcly tho exact strength of his claims. That Tremando is a downright gamo colt, that will keep going industriously from ond to ond, I am frco to con fers, hat I havo a doubt ir. respect to his bril liancy over a miio circuit. Possibly ho may provo himself even more brilliant than the best of thoso that will oppose him this afternoon ; and if he docs, then Mr. White will possess a clinker in the son of Tester, whose gamo finishes at Randwick left no doubt as to his courago and inclination to continue galloping under punish ment. Distance rather than paeo promises to bo Tremando's forte, and tho result of tho Guineas will no doubt help to provo tho correctness or otherwise of this idea. To earn up, I have said sufficiont to anticipate a straight oat declaration in favor of DAVID, and if tho Caulfiold colt is destined to de feat it will probably be through the agency of Helene or Rata-. Tho Guineas hero will no soonor havo been escorted back to tho paddock than attention will bo directed to tho Findoti Harriers' GoM Vase, the contest for which will form an attractivo feature in tho opening day's programme. Judg. ing of tho largo number of horses whose namc9 remain in tho list of intonding competitors, tho field promises to bo of gigantic proportions, and I havo no doubt wo shall bo treated to a variety of amatour talent in tho pigskin.- Tho reunifies and allowances will materially contributo to assist tho handicappers' efforts towards making tho issuo as open a ques tion as possiblo. For instance, horsemen who lr.vo ridden a winner of a stooplccliaso valno 90 govs, or over are to carry S lb. extra, and by thi3 provision tho leading amateurs— a few of whom aro vory much akin to professionals, and who aro desorvingly pcnalisod— will bo brought' back to tho less expcrionccd exponents of tho pigskin, those of whom who havo noTer ridden a winner of a steeplechaso aro allowed 5 lb., witk an addi tional 4 lb. if thoy have never before riddon in a steoplecbasc. In view of tho pcnaltio3' and allowances, it is uo easy matter to look for tho probablo winner, and undor the circumstances it would perhaps bo advisable to trust to tho belter known candidates, such as Abdallab, Byphon, Lord of tho Forest and Rocovory, and of thoso I liko LORD OF THE FOREST for choice, whilo Banyonong or Antelope may also mako a bold bid for victory. Tho afternoon's proceedings will conclude with tho Toorak Handicap, of ono mile, which looks a tolerably good thing for Precious Stono, who has 5 lb. less to carry thau bo won with ovor the samo' distance of ground on'Batnrday last. It cannot bo donicd that bis prospects appoar unde niably good on paper, and I have no doubt ther will boa gonoral inclination to support him, but it would bo as woll to boar in mind that Precious Stono is notoriously unlucky ovor tho Caulfield courso, and has on moro than ono occasion cut a most ignominious figure after leaving the pad dock a heavily supported candidate. This ox porionco compels mo to reluctantly desert tho Kingston representative in favor of ; LESBIA, who is in rare galloping order just now, and lias only to act up to hor privato form in order to ac- complirh a timo record not ofton registered at Canlficld. Tho Ghost and Ironltand aro likowlsa loniently dealt with by tho handicappcr, and may ho expected to run prominently. 