IHEy Ashes. THE VICISSITUDES OF AN INCINERATED MOTHER IN-LAW. MY ashes, locked within a handsome silver orn, were placed by my son-in-law on the mantle in the drawing-room, after he had carried oat the provisions of my will, one of which was that my remains were to be ere mated, which he had don?, despite ray£daugh< tar's prayers. The circumstance of'my.aahesi;? ieingca^Mltl b^burglar^ >yas a.^f6Uow3*i&^ ^;Therc wsre ''t'wo cams' Viiito the d^/iii^-i'oom^abbul: thrd^o'elofcia' ;t|ie m6rniTlg^tiir6ugh::'tlie wiudo^/ to whioh, \va3_ attached the " patent vknrglar alarm." FIa|hiiig £heiry'darki?. lantern hitherirand thither, the raya^.presaiitly fell upon the urn. A rapid examination convinced them that it was valuable, and', without a word, they trans ferred it to a sack "which one of them carried. After rifling the house from cellar to garret they departed, and in a dingy attio, located in an obscure quarter of the town, began a. division of their spoil. When they came the urn they were puzzled for a moment. " Wot kind o' swag's this, cul?" said one of . them, holding the urn up to the light. .. " Looks like a vass or a milk pitcher or somethin'," said the other. - , " Milk-pitcher ycr gran-mother,"- soornfully replied the first speaker; " I don't b'lieve ye know a milk pitcher from a horse collar. Where'd ye ever see'a milk pitcher 'ith a look on it like?" and the burglar turned the pad lock toward his companion. As he did so the inscription caught hiB eye. . V Hullo !'.'ihe exolaimed. " Why, Bill, it's a.graveyard-ef it.ain't d-a me.' .," A .wot ?" cried the second burglar, lean ing forward, his eyes sparkling with surprise and incredulity. , . ; . «' A_graveyard I" repeated the other burglar; " a stiff-kit-a little private cemetery. Hero it is on the door plate,« Sacred to the mem'ry o' Missis Matilda Lambert, who departed this life April nineteenth, eighteen eightv- one.' Can't ye read. " It's^one o' them ash barrels ye hear tell of. People wbt's a little off their nuts, an' don't want to go to the boneyard, gits burned, and'they put their ? remains' in wot you'd call a milk pitcher." > _ " Theh 1 ye say. But are them ' re mains', valu'ble swag? v_Ken ye sell'em to the fence?" inquired the less-informed burglar. "Sell 'em to the fence'be"hanged," con temptuously replied the other;'"w<jt ud the fence want of them, I'd'like to hnow? Not much; bat they're valu'ble all tho same., Jest you wait a day or two, ah' look at the adver tisements in the paper w'ile yer a waitin!. Ef ye don't see a piece in the paper offerin"a lib'ral reward' fur the return of a vase or a ' milk pitcher,' es-you'd call it, an' 'no ques. tions asked,' I hope I'.may git seven stretches afore I'm a week older. We ken melt down the ' milk pitcher' though; we ken sell that to the fence. It's the gonooine stuff, or I'm a white head. Here, Bill, hand me that lard can, and we'll dump the ' remains' into it, to be kep' 'til called for;4 no use to anybody but the owner.' Nice bizness far two snoozers like us to be in-robbin' graveyards ? I see by the door plate she was fifty*seven years old. Nic9 old lady, I spose, an' her bereaved fam'ly won't mind plankin' down right han' some to git her back agin. Wonder ef her ghost's flickerin round this boodwah jest now." The burglar who held the lard can into which my ashes were being " dumped" trembled perceptibly, and threw a hasty, apprehensive glance around as if fearing the approach of my angry Bpirit. His companion noticed his agitation, and. with a scornful smile remarked : . ' " Well, ef you ain't the; wuBt, Bill-yer a flunk," Then, with a few light taps on the bottom of the urn to detach any adhesive grains that might be clinging to the recep tacle, he laid it aside with, " There, oP lady; you'll keep, I guess, 'til yer called fur. Put her in the pantry, Bill, an' cover her up 'ith that side o' bacon, so's the mice and cock roaches won't git into her. She's a lady, Bill, an' we ought to treat the wimmen 'ith respect." As the burglar had predicted, my son-in law advertised for " a vase or urn," and the burglars replying through the " personal column" over the signature "Ashes," the' negotiation was soon concluded, and in con sideration of the payment of §300 by "the party of the first part," the lard can contain ing my ashe3 was transferred to his residence. I will do my son-in-law the justice to say that, he did not haggle over the ransom charged by the burglars. He even paid it cheerfully, and lost no time in procuring another urn- as similar to the one that had been stolen as possible. This urn, however, was not dis played on the drawing-room mantle, and I ! -was relieved from contact with my hateful " ihtimate friends " by being relegated to my daughter's dres3ing-room, the urn being con cealed in a lacquered cabinet on the bureau. Here my ashes were comparatively safe from the vandal hands of vulgar burglars, but not from the ruthless mischief of my own flesh and blood. One day while the family was occupied in another part of the house, my grandson, alittleimpof Satan-a child five years of age-crept into the room/un locked the cabinet, abstracted the urn, and concealing it under his apron, slipped out in to the back yard, where, with water and a broken stick, he mixed about half of the con tents of the urn into mud pies. Great heavens -just think of it! The ashes of a dignified, respectable old lady converted by a young scoundrel into mud pies 1-and the ashes of his own grandmother, too ! Instinct should have taught him reverence for the dust of one but for whom he would never have had an existence. But this was not the worst of it. A handful or more of my ashes remained in in the urn, and the child, beginning to realize that he was committing a domestic felony, became frightened, and picking up the urn, started back to the dressing-room with it. Passing through the dining-room, the castor on the dining-table caught his eye, and another brilliant idea struck him. He emp tied the pepper bottle into the fire-place and filled it again from the urn. He performed the same operation with the salt dishes, and then distributed my remaining ashe3 in the vinegar and oH cruets and the mustard bottle. Having thus disposed of my remains, he re turned the urn to the cabinet and awaited developments. They came at the dinner table that afternoon. " Matilda," said my son-in-law, " this is the queerest tasting pepper I ever saw in my life." . ?. " What, my dear, what does it taste like ? " inquired my daughter. ." Like old dried bones, as- far as I can make out," replied her husband. "And the mus tard has the same taste. Looks as if some body had been emptying the pepper to the mus tard bottle-it's full of little gray particles ; and there's a sediment in the vinegar cruet, and-just taste that salt, Matilda." " My daughter touched her tongue to my ashes and averted her face in disgust. " Why, Alfred! " Bhe exclaimed,'" what can it be?" "I'lltell yon, Matilda; it's some of our young hopeful's work, that's what it is. Come here, yon young rascal. ' What have you been putting into the pepper bottle, Alfred. Speak up now, and no lying. If you tell me a lie I'll whip you within an inch of your life." The boy burst into tears, and for a time neither threats nor expostulations had any «ffect upon him. At last, on a promise that he should have a new drum and a train of " steam cars," he blurted out: " It's gran'ma." " Grandma!" cried, his parents simul taneously. " Yes, her mud." " Her mud!" The plot was thickening; Mystery brooded over that household. " You know, papa, that speckled stuff you said was , gran'ma, up in the jampot in mamma's room." A shrill Bhriek resounded through the house, and my daughter fell fainting to the floor. With a frightful oath, my son-in-law rushed into his wife's dressing room, tore open the cabinet, hastily unlocked the urn, and found it-empty. He reeled against the wall, one hand pressed convul sively against his brow, the other clutching the urn, at which he stared like a maniac. As he slowly sank to the floor, his limbs trembling with horror, I heard him gurgle rather than mutter: " My God I my God 1 I've eaten my mother in law." E. H. C., in the Argonaut. 