The Mystery of Miss Dormer's Will. There was a tone of gentle authority in his voice not to be gainsaid. " It is nothing," repeated Lucia, raising her eyes, dark and liquid with, their tears. "But I am 60 sorry to leave here—so very sorry." " But you are not going to leave ?" he said." " Yes, vre are. Mrs. HollinB writing to Bournemouth for lodgings, and we shall be going in a few days." " What nonsense !" cried Horace itonnHv. " Now tell me, Lucia, thisie Mrs. Ilollins's doing of course, not your*?'' "Mrs. Hollins spoke of it, and I think she is quite right," said Lucia, with an appealing glance.- • "Mr. Tremaine, you are too kind and too generous; "but I cannot It is time we went indeed." . Horace stood looking down on her, watching the wistful sweet face with its tearful dark eyes and gentle tremulous mouth. A. vivid colour rose in the pale cheeks under his gaze. The eweet eyes wavered and fell. "Indeed it is time we went," she repeated nervously. "Indeed!" he replied coolly. "I knew Mrs. Hollins.had some crotchet in her head at breakfast-time by the determined way in which she put down her coffee-cup; but I did not imagine* it was this. Do you want to go too, Lucia?" Lucia raised her eyes for one swift moment, but she did not speak. "Do you, Lucia?" he persisted. " N-n-no," she faltered hesitatingly; " bnt I must—I ought." "Then Mrs. Hollins'6 crotchets may go to Jericho or Bournemouth, whichever die may like !" cried Horace, in triumph. "But Mr. Tremaine," began Lucia. "But, Miss Dormer!" interrupted Horace, with a mischievous smile; and, kneeling down upon the hearth-rug, he took her: two hands in his. "My darting," he went on earnestly, "you must promise me yoa will stay here always, that, whatever happens, this shall bo ycur home, that you will be my own eweet wife, Luda." " Oh, Mr.Tremaine!" was all Looa could say, with her bright eyes veiled and blushes coming and gbing in her furiMs. ." Promise me, Lucia," he urged, potting-his arms round her and his earnest face close to hers. ; Her answering whisper was too low to bfelieard; but it seemed to satisfy him, for he took her in his arms and kissed " Now, Lucia," said Horace-at last, " if yoa and Mrs. Hollins spend your time so unprofitable in hatching conspiracies against my authority, I shall have to take fits law into my hands and many yoa straight off; so"—with a significant smile^—"you know the penalty if I hear any more about your going' to Bournemouth or any other ! place." Lucia's eyes were fixed on the embroidery on the skirt of herdress, and she only answered' with a ehy smile. \- .'' " Were yon. not in ; London about four years ago, LadaP'he weaton, drawing a low seat beeide her. , "Tea," Bhesaid. "Why? How did you know, Mr. Tremaine ?" "Did art anmrtfeinghappendrain; your stay there—eomething fecial?", Lnraa'a face grew grave, and she * answered slowly—. "Yes; I was nearlyHlled. I was erasing a street with auntie, and we were knocked down by two runaway horses. We should have been killed bat for some gentleman who rushed forward and held them back till we could be dragged out of the way. H was horrible Y I would give anything to find out who the gentleman was. Do you know him ? Can you tell mef tee; I know all about it," said 1 You do f' die cried, "Oh, tell me! Was —"oh, Mr. Tremaine, was it yourself—was it really yourself who saved tmy fife?" "I do not know about Gavin life, but I did fish you out under the horses'feet. T&y; miserable and woe-be<?one youwere, Miss Dormer. And I registered a vow at the time"—he paused, glancing laughingly at her excited, blushing face, and then went on—^ registered a vow, Lucia, that the giri l reecued tint day should he my wife.^. ' £ -"' j h vivid jii*uation|fpVeaa^y/sr inpc®" ^^H/hfehe ^sp^ed^er" bright head nestling on his shoulder, " howglad I am it was you5 I like to owe my life and everything to you." . Now for -tfao •-•ghosts' -thought Horace, as late that night he betook himRolf with his cigar-case into the balcony. " I must get to the bottom of that erratic phantom'a -prooooflinga." - He strnck a match, lighted a cigar, and leant over the balcony, watching intently the long stone ledge along which the white figure usually flitted. The moon was at the full; but a cloudy sky rendered the light fitful and uncertain. He had not long to wait. The moon had just emerged from the clouds, and was shining full and bright, when the alight white figure appeared—this lime at the farther end of the long stone ledge—and advanced slowly towards Horace. Without losing a moment, he dashed into his own room, seized a candle, and walked quietly but swiftly into the next—the morning-room, the one from which the phantom had hitherto always made its appearance. " If she comes into this room, I shall just catch her nicely," he muttered, "whatever she turns out to be." Placing himself behind a high Indian screen, he waited to see what would happen. In another moment the window was opened and the heavy curtain pushed aside. " Queer !" thought Horace. " I thought ghosts could glide through windows and curtains and such slight impediments. Ah!" The white figure had steppeJ into the room and come forward into the light of the candle, the elond of golden hair enveloping it like a long mantle.' In the lovely childish face and wideopen dark eyes Horace, to his dismay, recognised Lucia herself. She held a email bunch of keys in her hand and moved about the room talking to her self in a low rapid voice. "What shall I do with it?" she was saying in a low anxious tone. " Where can I put it?" I wish, auntie had not given it to me to keep. Suppose it has been stolen from the cabinet ? I must look." She stood still a moment, and then went over to the cabinet, chose a key from the bunch, opened the door, drew out a panel, and pressed the secret spring. Horace by this time was close to her. As the secret drawer fdl back, an exclamation burst from him, for there in the large recess lay a long folded paper, engrossed in a large distinct legal hand—"Last Will and Testament of Celia Dormer." Lucia started at the 6oand"of his voice, and appeared toji^ten, butpreseplly turned again to the cabinet, -took out th9 will,- and dosed the secret drawer} afterwards fastening the door. " Now," she muttered, in a dreamy incoherent way, " what shall I do with it ? Auntie said I was to be so careful not to lose it." -She sat down in a chair, as if to consider, her face full of perplexity. "Did I take it away before?" she murmured sleepily. "Iforget. Was it under the carpet in my room ? No; the servants would find-it. - Behind the wardrobe r No, no. Where did I put it?" She paused; her head fell back in the chair; her hands were folded ler, with the will held loosely in her clasp. Her eyes lost the wide-open far-away look and gradually dosed, as if she was fast going to sleep. Horace was on the point of leaving the room to summon assistance, having a viyid impression—whereor how 'gained he could not tell—of the danger of waking somnambulists suddenly, - when Lucia Btarted up from her seat. " I remember now," the cried.with h I nervous fingers clasping" -thevnlL know a place where no' one canfmd it —the little concealed box under my window, vhere the water-taps tire. No one will think of that—no one knows of it but me. I put it there last tine.' She swiftly crossed- the ro6m «ad reached the window, followed by Horace. Taking her hand, he said very quietly— " Not that way, Lucia; the box has been taken away by the plumber, is of no use looking far it on die ledge." " Oh, has it?" she said, in gentis surprise,, bat- apt inXho-lsast startled. " Then plei& put the will baek in the cabinet.till l findaome <o£h6r place." - -Still keeping her hand m his, Horace opened the cabinet and put ihe wSl back. Then, finding, she obeyed him unqneetioningly, and afraid tt> trust her a ounnaBt (At of hiB tight, he'm&de; her sit down on flu low conch byihe empty fireplace. In tan- minutes ehs was sleeping as poaoo fully as a child. " What in the world am I to do now?" he though^ looking -down at; her unconscious eweet face. "I don't like to awaken _ would be frightened -to death to find : herself here. I must rouse Mrs. Hollins. By Jove, won't she be astonished! Let me see to the window first, though. I should go mad if I saw Luda -raking along that ledge again." He went to th& windawpsmL^oond, as he had 'tha fttfltrninC broken. He pushed'a heaJFy'arm-ciair, before it; and then, With another anxious glance at the sleeping unconscious figure, he hurried fromtne zoom in search of IbsrQgUms,; II \ In two or three minutes he was back .again, followed after a &ort; interval l>y lira. HollinB, in « state of bewilderment. After a brief explanation, Horace went off to his own room, leaving to her the delicate task : of awakening Iac£a- and getting her back safely to bed. " - ~ They had been married many ms&tlts;' tfore Lucia heard the taw tale of the ^ ilBteat she had achieved unfifr the influence ofhor dangerously vivid and absorbing dreams. The plane where she had so successfully concealed it in her perilous sleep-w alks was found as she had described it. It was a small "box concealed in the stonework under her window-rill, in which, for the convenience of repair, the taps of two or three water-pipes were placed. Why she thought of such a place, or why she took the perilous walk along the atone ledge from her own room to Ih'e ffio¥ning-ro6m, instead of by the corridor inside the house, ever remained a mystery. Lucia could give no clue to it. Lik6 most somnambulists, she had not the faintest recollection on awaking of the dreadful feat she had performed in her deep; and it was with shuddering horror she learnt that she herself was the author of The Mystery of Miss Dobiceb's Will. 