The Law Lords at Work. A debate in the Legislative Council on a purely legal measure forms an nrq tuning exhibition of that love of technicality which prevails among Laymen in Parliament, just as 'much as it does among: lawyers. No feeling of mo desty .restrains the former from expressing their opinions with unblushing confidence on ft point of law. They are not in the least degree overawed by the presence of re tbedJadges,Cl!owala,wofficer8,orQueon'8coun6el. Ihey are obviouftly impreesed with the idea that their functions as legislative councillors require them to deal with lepalquestione as authoritatively a- they would deafwitk matters relating to gas pipes or sewers. : They would as Boon think of fiaerifioinc their privileges as they would think ijXi yielding a euent deference to the sages of the law. It ia obviouely a matter of personal dignity with. them. Take, for instance, the debate in the Council on the ?eoond reading df the Validating fitil. , No sooner bad the Attorney General concluded a very learned and argumentative speech, in trnich points of law presented themselves as thick ? as quills npon the fretful '- porcupine, than he was followed by several of tiie lay mem ber«i who were *ndently itching with technical ^M6*ition« to |ub vifewe of constitutional law. r*-i-hepeasant'iBtD« did gibe tie courtier** vheeL' Xb«^t of thme gentlemen— l&.C. CAM*BBit— who enjoy«'1*e dtetinctaon of having eaten his lrijnrA-'«ie;^»r«omft «ut and twenty yeajhsajgo, t^^&.^'if %bt'*»u-tt.* ' «. layman^ may -be not improperly^ perhaps^ termed a lay £gvxe — expressed his regret that '* through being unwell, he was physically incapable of following the arguments of bis honorable and learned friend, as otherwise he would liave been prepared to snow that the case in England to which he had alluded was ;not a case on all fours with the present one.' Nothing but sneer physical incapacity would .' have pre vented that gentleman from following the Attorney-General through the mazes of his argu ment, and utterly demolishing it — just as FAii taff utterly demolished Hotspub on the field of battle. Clearly he had it in him, and but for his physical incapacity we should now know the fallacy of that audacious argument. As it Is, it remains as undiscovered as the philosopher's stone or the lost tribes of Israel, and we shall' all go down to our graves deluded men* The next gentleman who rose to answer the Attorney-General was Mr. Prx-biNGTOir, who for tunately did mot suffer from* any physical in capacity at alL His incapacity appears to have | been a purely intellectual one. The bill was a j thoroughly vicious piece of legislation in his eyes. 'If ever there was a bill which might be called an ex pest facto bill, it was this one.' Of course it did not occur to the honourable member that a bill to validate an election which took place some months ago must necessarily be an ex -post facto bill ; and that measures of this description are not necessarily illegal or unconstitutional. It was enough for him that it was ex -post facto. A bill of that class must be something essentially improper — a sort of legislative faux pas which honest councillors should blush to hear of. Evidently Mr. Pibding ton had never, taken the trouble to look at a Dic tionary of Quotations and ascertain what the words mean, although the State has provided liim with a handsome library for the purpose of enabling him to meet little difficulties of this kind. Like a respectable matron who has heard some scandal about her neighbour, Mr. Pidding ton at once turned his back on this immoral measure ; he scowled at the learned gentleman who had taken it in tow; his bosom throbbed with virtuous emotion, and his tongue gave utter ance to his outraged feelings. ' But this ex post facto bill actually in the fourth clause said — despite the fact that- the committee had declared these gentlemen incapable of being elected — that they shall be elected,' One can imagine the withering glance, the hissing scorn with which these words were uttered ; we can see the tragic pose assumed by the decorous senator, a to Majte eoni when he finds out the naughty Diana. And then followed a constitutional argument : — 'He knew of no doctrine such as that laid down by the Attorney-General, that this was a matter having exclusively to do with the Legislative Assembly, and should be passed in silence by the Council. Such a doctrine wonld ^thoroughly undermine the authority of the Chamber, and deprive it of the public respect and interest, and should never be submitted to.' This doctrine was obviously a new one for Mr. PiDDrNQTON ; but he doesn't take omne i-gnotum pro magnifico by any means, nor is he prepared to take the Attorney- General's word for it. He doesn't think it worth while to suspend his judgment until he has looked up the point in the Parliamentary Library. He 6ees no doubt about it whatever, and all the Attorneys-General in the British dominions would fail to shake his convictions on the subject. Even if Hatxaut and Mat lay down the doctrine in unequivocal termB and quote precedents by the dozen, the matter is not altered. That Chamber, we may feel assured, will never be undermined by insidious doctrines or meretricious measures while Mr. PiDDnsoroisr is there to maintain its authority ; nor will it ever be ' deprived of the public respect ' so long as he can stand, like another Chatham in his flannels, in the imminent deadly breach. The palm for brilliancy in debate in this in stance must, we think, be awarded to Mr. Pid DrNGTON ; but it would be unfair to overlook one or two other ingenious arguments urged by some of his brother senators. One of them was strongly insisted upon by Mr. De Salis. ' Might it not be questioned,' said he, ' whether the position of the Speaker and Chairman of Committees in the Assembly were valid, as they certainly held offices of profit under the Crown.' This is truly a startling point, and opens up a very serious question. The Constitution. Act disqualifies any person as a member of the Assembly who holds an ' office of profit under the Crown.-' Mow, the Speaker and the Chairman of Committees in that House, Mr. De Saxis tells us, 'clearly hold offices of profit under the Crown;' argal, as the grave-digger says in ' Hamlet,' they are disqua lified. This gentleman has found as much diffi culty about the phrase he makes use of as Mr. Piddington found in his ex post facto. His per ceptive powers are not equal to the strain involved in the uee of those words — office of profit under tho Crown. It has not occurred to him that an office of profit under the Crown must mean an office conferred by the Crown ; and that the Crown has nothing whatever to do with the election of the Speaker or the Chairman to their respective offices. If Mr. De Sams can't see that, what can he seep Does he usually understand what he is talking about when he rises to address the House ; and if he does, how came he to make such an exhibition of himself as he did on this occa sion r1 Another member, Mr. Macintosh, said he objected to the second clause of the bill, as it almost ' disfranchised the Honee.' What sort of idea has been running through this gentle man's head for years past with respect to the franchise ? He has evidently heard or read of certain constituencies in England being disfran chised ; and he has some sort of idea that the Legislative Council has a franchise of which it might be deprived by a bill passed by its own members.. He proceeded to explain that the ob jectionable clause proposed that there should be nine members of the Government, and that they should sit in the Assembly; whereas he thought that the number of Ministers should be limited to seven, and that two of them should have seats in the Council. So that the Council is in danger of being ' disfranchised ' when it is not adorned by the presence of a representative of the Government. This was all that Mr. Macin tosh had to say about the bill. Give him two members of the Government to look at, and he is satisfied ; otherwise he is prepared to vote against them. . ? ? It must be presumed that gentlemen of this stamp have been nominated to seats in the' Legislative Council for some good and wise pur pose, unknown' to us at present, and consequently that they are in some inscrutable way doing useful work in that elevated position. Exposures of this kind certainly come with a rude shock to all our preconceived . notions about' ' the wisdom* the dignity, and the culture of gentlemen. . holding seats in that august' and highly decorated Chamber. Nobody can look at them when in session without realising the force of the ancient story about the B-oman Sena tors, who by a glance, or rather by their united glances, struck reverential awe into the hearts of the barbaric tribes who had entered the capital. We could imagine a classic PiDdington or Macintosh folding his toga about his manly limbs, prepared to die. upon the altar tof hu country rather than allow the authority of that 'Oiise to be undermined by savage 'ordes. But when we find, on the testimony of their own lips,, that these grave and reverend signors are inca pable of understanding even the stook phrases of Parliamentary debate, and that they have not; the ghost of an idea as to the subjects they1 are: discussing we are driven to the conclusion that there ia something rotten — particularly and^most offensively rotten— in the elate of Denmark. .Legislation is cot altogether a farce. ' It: means; money, and it may mean liberty, with everything else that wie value in public life. A seat in the. Legislative Council is supposed to be the reward of public services or distinguished merit in some cases ; but in all cases 'it is supposed to be con ferred on men of undoubted intelligence and capacity. Hera, however, we findanumberof coun cillors obtruding their opinions on a grave and im portant question with all the pompous absurdity of eo many pogberrys. No doubt they -will con cur in pronouncing .pur opinions on this subject ' flat burglary as ever was committed ;' but even at that risk, we venture to .suggest whether— in the event of these gentlemen declining to send in their re8igna||ons out of a sense of public de cency— it 1b not time that the public should con sider whether. the present constitution, of 'tlie Council is as wise as it might be.. ... . :^ . : New5outh Wfiles hoa won the iiiteroolpnial srioket mat*hby202 rniiB- . ' ' ' ''?,'' ' ', ' 