OAULFISLD hi " TSB WOIIM," ' A bright, crisp morning, Mr Connolly's Veritas and Queen's Own leaning off with a good useful round on the asnd after cantering, Friendless and Sypbon being both treated to tnrea medium turns. Novelette cantered, Midnight, Jack Roacb, Mid Csesor were put through lmg, steady work. Vebterday forenoon Nautilus doing a rennd at half paco. " Mr Batty sent Yatoly a steady round on the grass, etridiog along from tho sad-wall for a good working gallop over the Caul6eld Crop distance, finishing strong and well. Ho afterwards cantered an- other round, brushing home from tho turn. Ho is looking the picture of health, and was much admired by the onlookers, Ontario, who also reflects great credit on his trainer, was sent in oompany with Deceiver a round and half i f tho inner track for good ound work, Umbexto brushing home from the half-mile. Mr Davis despatched Camermo with D.vgc, the Derby colt, for a companion, a couple of steady rounds on the grass, striding along from tbo seven furlongs at a good strong pace, the Oup caudidate going atrong and freely Pilot and Dafiance were put through Bomn useful schooling exercise yesterday, Discount being treated to useful work at the same time. Mr Xieng went Canute, with King in the saddle, a good strong round over the hurdles. Egbert aod Tippity Witchett doing a strong half mile, „ , IT. .TnnM «.«nf.avorl Pirjf. Pftn ftfld V xolefc. the latter filly coming ont again later on, and ran a strong halt mile. Sir Samuel pat iu a couple of useful rounds on the iaod. The Bohemian and Coriolanus doing long medinm exercise, tho latter stridiog along a bit the last round, the old fallo.v is looking fresh and heolthy, Mr Gill's Gilderoy moved along at a good serviceable pace twice round the sand, going atrong and well. The Laird finished up some quiet work with a strong round. Mr G. Robinson cent Copola good striding work once round, the Onp candidate moving nice and freely. 'Merry Feuella Btrode along for four or five farlonga in good style. _ Vivian being treated to some schooling exercise. Mr Campbell sent Mozart a useful round on thq grass, his two Allies Wonga and Agnes after cantering, brushing along for three or four furlongs. Mr J, G. Reed sent Norfolk, The Ghost, and Tumnlt, a mile in company, the latter having it all his own way at the finnh. Grace Darling and Nnncio brushed along for half a mile, Buira Bnrra doing some quiet work on the sand. Mr Heywood treatrd B part an to a good pipe opener once round tho grasB, tho chosnut going strong and well, Tandstickor aud the Don Giovanni colt were doing suitable work. Welshman and King John did some good strong work on the sand, going freoly. Beresford did a sweat. 