CHAPTEB IV. " If I should meet thee, After long years, , . How shall I greet theef " IQidia Bering had been an inmate of the |>tiory more than a year, and quite fallen into her-place as one of the family. She had gained a firm hold on Mrs. Gunninghame's heart, her resemblance to Liliaa having made a favorable impression in the first instance, and a judicious course of flattery and atten tion accomplishing the rest. Still she had BDt. succeeded as well as she had hoped in the eubjogation "of her aunt, who, though fondly attached to the bright young creature, failed to find in her society the comfort and hap piness she at first hoped for. Aunt and neice lived on terms of affection, but Liliaa realised painfully she had approached no nearer to the girl's inner self than the first evening they met. Try as she might, she could discover no .bond of sympathy, nothing of mutual in terest1, to draw their hearts oloser together, and die strove mainly to lead the young mind to higher inspirations than the mere clothing of her pretty person, the only thing -which appeared of vital importance to Gidia. The girl would listen attentively, her blue eyes very wide open, and when her aunt had ceased, fling her arms caressingly around her neck and kissing her demonstratively, ex claim-" You clever darling! how can a poor ignorant little goose like your Gidia ever understand such things ? Inwardly thinking -" What a tiresome bore these perpetual leotures are." Lilias would return the. embrace with a sigh, saying to herself, " Perhaps I expect too much, and do not make sufficient allowance for our different training. She is but a child, like Undine before she found her soul, only . God grant the fault, if any, does not unknow ingly rest with me, or that I have come short in my duty to the child of my adoption." Miss Dering had quite failed to interest Gidia in her pet schemes, or to induce the girl to accompany her on her round of visits amongst their poorer neighbors, and she silently wondered how one so gentle and yielding as her neice appeared generally, could on some points be so difficult to move. In truth, Giaia was beooming dreadfully weary of the life Bhe was leading, the life which at first, with its unaccustomed luxuries and un limited! supply of pin-money, had appearad all eoleur de rose to the little Bohemian, and phe felt sometimes tempted to throw it np And, return to that irhich aha had before despised!' ' ; - " If I bad stayed with Silvio I might have become a great diva like Patti or Neilson, re ceiving homage even from crowned heads," she would think regretfully. " But how hard the work was, the waiting how wearisome, the poverty how horrible!" as she looked at the pretty gowns and costly nick-naoks her aunt's generosity had enabled her to indulge in. " Poor Silvio I I wonder if he was very angry, and, whether he missed me very much, il .Buppose.he is. still struggling for the famr lie. is so confident of winning-some day I " What was the good of her pretty bright costumes (which cost her as much thought as aii' inventor would expend on some in tricate piece of meohanism) when everyone atfCulverden was either too old or too blind to appreciate them, she thought impatiently. Even Mr. Marsden's curate (for the old man was too feeble to do duty now, having had "a paralytic stroke) was a married man with ten-children. Decidedly this consummate little actress was getting tired of her insignificant rfile, and would probably have been tempted to seek a wider field for the exercise of her talents, but for an event which filled her scheming brain with renewed energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, if successful, to raise her from the dead level of existence, whioh had become so wearisome and intolerable. Cer tainly, she was obliged to confess, the plan she had formed had very little chance of success, but, even provided she failed to gain her end, she would Btill have had some pleasure in the delightful sense of plotting and scheming, in which her wioked little heart rejoiced. Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into summer, and Gidia was seated in her aunt's morning room (a small octagonal chamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how she should manage to get through another long, unevent ful day. Her hands were idly clasped above the golden head, whose myriads of frizzy little curls completely oovered her low clytic-like forehead, forming a decided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids. The different char acter of aunt and niece was even discernible in their toilet. Lilias' dress was of plain black cashmere, whioh fell in large flowing folds to the ground, and was relieved by snow white bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome head was arranged gracefully a. square of filmy white lace, and her sole ornamentB were the looket and ring, which had been Ealph Disney's parting gift, Gidia's dainty little figure was clothed in an indescribable arrangement of pink, scarcely subdued by multitudinous lace flounces, amongst which flashed bright bows and loops of rose-colored ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty dimpled hand, on which sparkled many jewels, was con stantly raised to the roBy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide the irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving indus triously, was about to suggest something for the employment of her niece's idle little fingers, when the door opened and Mrs. Cunninghame entered hurriedly : " My dear -addressing Miss Dering-" a mounted mes senger from the Eectory with a letter for you, which I have brought myself "-handing it to her-"fearing there might be bad nows of Mr. Marsden." Lilias took it from Mrs. Ounninghame's hand, and opening it, quickly found a few lines from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed was Ralph Disney's long look«d-for letter.' At the eight of her lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over the fair face, causing Gidia to open her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment increased, for when her aunt had read the Rector's letter, telling the joyful tidings of Ralph's home coming, her face, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and Lilias sud denly covered her tell- tale eyes with both hands as if to shut out a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming conscious that two pairs of onquiring eyes were fixed upon her, she rose to her feet "There is nothing amiss," and Gidia's quick ear caught the new happy ring in her aunt's voice. " Mr. Marsden is well, and writes in excellent spirits," and anxious to be alone she moved towards the door. The handle was in her hand, when she appeared to remember some further explanation was probably ex pected, and turning to Mrs. Ounnihghame, she said in a low, quick voice, " He tellB me Ralph is on his way to Culverden," and without another word left the room. All this was a mystery to Gidia, who was quite on the gut vive, and dying to know, the cause of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Cunninghame sank into the chair Lilias had just vacated, her kind, old face beaming with pleasure. "Ralph Disney coming at last I Thank God!" she said rapturously. "My darling Lilias will now be repaid for her long, lonely years of waiting," and tears of thankfulness streamed down the withered old. oheeks. "But tell me," said Gidia, coming over and kneeling beside Mrs. Ounninghame's. chair, " who is this Ralph, and what does it aU mean?" "Is it possible, after having lived with us all these months, you have never heard of Ralph Disney? " in tones of amazement; " but then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly to be wondered' at, after all. Sir Ralph Disney has not been to Gulverden for ten years, and I have every reason to believe he now comes to renew an engagement with your aunt, whioh ended abruptly by the wish of the old squire." " Oh, how romantio," cried Gidia, bravely stifling another yawn, for a romance of which she herself was. not the heroine failed to in interest her. "Pray tell me all about it, like a dear," and she settled herself on a low stool to listen, or to sleep. Mrs. Conning hame wa3 only too ready to pour out all she had to tell, so proceeded to impart to the fair-haired girl at her feet her aunt's love stoiy. Gidia listened at first listlessly, then suddenly as an idea appeared to strike her, she gave her undivided attention to the gar rulouB old lady. When Mrs. Cunninghame, quite out of breath, stopped speaking, Gidia asked slowly -" Then they are not really engaged? you are not certain Sir Ralph is coming to marry, auntie? Perhaps he only just wants to see his uncle." "Well, my dear, no, of coarse I am not guife certain, but after being so' devoted to Lilias there can be little doubt of his inten tions." ! " Then why did he not come directly grand papa died ? " asked Givia. "I have often wondered myself," confessed Mrs. Cunninghame. " I dare say he thought it best to wait till her time of mourning had expired." "And he is so noble, so rich," said the girl, enquiringly. " Sir Ralph Disney's wealth is simply fabulous," replied the old lady; "but what is of far greater importance considering how rich your aunt is also, his family is the moBt ancient in England. His mother, the only daughter of the Duke of Twyford, was the greatest heiress, as well as the most lovely woman of her day. I must say I thought Mr. Dering acted in a highly injudicious manner when he so peremptorily dismissed poor Ralph, for it was a marriage in every way most suitable. It sgems but yesterday it all happened," she went on, musingly; " only Lilias has altered greatly. She was so sweet and fairy-like in those days, though I must say, my dear, if you did not dress your hair in that outlandish fashion, or wear your frooks 10 very full and .YU-trimmtd, you would be her very picture." " Thanks for the compliment, yon flattering dsar," laughed Gidia, gaily. Then went on _? I.remember in the portrait you showed me of auntie; taken ten years ago, she wears a plain white gown, without a single ribbon or flounce. I, too, intend having some simple white dresses made forme," she added with studied carelessness; " they will be so cool and comfortable now the warm weather is comipg on. I amfgoing$to'see if I oan find auntie some Neapolitan violets, so good-bye, you darling, you," and after dropping a bird like kiss on the old lady's withered cheek, Gidia tripped away into the garden. There she strolled under the old apple trees in the orchard, where the grass was white with their fallen blossoms, her brain busily at work, her mind full of the scheme which the events of the morning had conjured up. " Have I a ghost of a chance ? " she said to herself, " and even if I were to succeed, dare I carry it through to the end ? Oh, it would be glorious to defeat that canting, cold blooded aunt of mine, who has stolen my birthright 1 But if Silvio were to discover who I really am, and follow me, what would happen then ! Bat there 1 it is not likely he ever will, poor fellow, so I shall take every advantage of what fate throws in my way. Beally it would be tempting Providence if I did otherwise." And Bhe gave a shallow, little laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished the next few days at the change which appeared to have come over her young niece-Gidia was so docile, so anxious to please, and altogether so much more in earnest than she had ever been before, that her aunt thought the girl's soul had at last commenced its awakening, and she thanked God frif the many bleBsings He was showering on her. For the first time, too, Gidia volunteered to accompany Miss Dering on her charitable errands, and de lighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Even her personal ap pearance underwent a ohange, and one morn ing when she appeared at the breakfast table' even Mrs. Cunninghame, who was very short sighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise. The ourling tongs had evidently been discarded that morning, for the masses of tiny ourls had all disappeared, with the exception of a few rebellious rings on the fore head, and the golden hair was smoothed and twisted /simply round the baok of her head. The be-frilled pink costume was also banished, and its place taken by a plain white cachi mere, which showed the curves of her budding form to perfection. Gidia blushed and dimpled as Miss Dering, kissing her tenderly, said a few kind wordB of approval. " I thought it would please you Auntie darling," she said prettily, " I meant to do it long ago, only I am such a little coward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright." " I do not think you need have the least fear of that, dear," and Lilias smiled as she looked at her niece's pretty face, before turn ing to the table to take up her letters. There were not many, and Gidia furtively kept an, eye on one which had not been evidently through the post, and in which she recognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Mariden. Miss Dering read it through twice, then raising her head looked towards Mrs. Cunninghams and said'calmly: " Sir Balph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that he will reach Oulverden to- night. -The dear old man is evidently very excited, and I am afraid that it is not good for him, in his feeble state of health." ? " To-night I Then we shall without doubt see him at the Priory early to- morrow," said tha old lady, with a world of meaning in her voice, which caused a momentary shade of displeasure to pass over Miss Daring's calm features. " Scarcely so soon, I fancy," she answered quietly, ignoring Mrs. Ounninghame's in uendo, then turning to Gidia-" Sir Balph Disney is a very old friend of ours, a nephew of dear Mr. Marsden, so I hope you will like him very much. He will, I know, be charmed to find we have caught and caged such a sweet song-bird, for Balph was always pas sionately fond of music; and I am in hopes, too, his visit will help to make this place a little more cheerful for you, dear child, as I fear the Priory must sometimes seem a little dull to a bright young girl," Bhe added kindly. : " Auntie -and Gidia put on her' prettiest air of childlike remonBtranee. " How naughty of you to imagine I ever find the dear old Priory ;dulli the place I found happiness, the place which holds all my dear ones, all I have.to,love or love me "-and she heaved a plaintive little sigh. That night, before Lilias retired to rest, came another letter , from the Beotory, this time directed in a bold, firm handwriting, which Gidia (who intercepted the messenger) had never seen before. How she longed to peep over Miss Dering's shoulder, and read what was written on that very small sheet of paper ! " He'cannot have said muoh, at any rate," she said to herself, consolingly. This was, strange to say, the first letter .Lilias had ever reoeived from Balph Disney, and was, as Gidia correctly Burmised, a very short one. . "May I come to yon to-morrow early in the afternoon," .it ran, with no formal com mencement. " Do not ask me to stay longer away-I have waited so many years." Then followed simply his signature,, and the mes senger, who in obedience to his master's orders, had waited, took back Miss Dering's answer. It was-" Gome, you will find a weleome." ThiB brief note was not the letter which Balph had at first intended sending, for, on finding himself once more in the fondly re membered Kentish village, he had written a wild, unreasoning letter, a passionate out pouring of the feelings whioh old associations had aroused, but which, in his cooler moments, he decided not to despatch. " I will wait and see how she greets me," he thought. The _ meeting between the old rector and his errant nephew had been a very touching one, and though Mr. Mars den did not actually speak as if an engagement existed between the long-separ ated lovers, it was easy to divine how his thoughts ran constantly upon it, and his talk was incessantly of " his dear child, his sweet Lily." He was perhaps a little disap pointed at finding Balph BO different from the impulsive, hot-headed youth of ten years ago. ! How bronzed he was, how portly! and if his old eyes did not deceive him, Burely there was a plentiful sprinkling of grey amongst the brown curls. Balph laughed heartily at his uncle's inspection, " You see' I am getting quite ancient, not far off forty, 4he age when a fellow begins to go down.hill with a run. Bemember what a life I have led the past ten years, not one calculated to make me wear well." " Ah, but you will settle down now, my boy," said the old man in tones of oonviction, at which Balph smiled, but said nothing. When Balph awoke the next morning, and found himself onoe mors in his old lavender scented room at the Rectory, he felt inclined to fancy these years of wandering had been but a strangely vivid dream. The young summer day was bright and warm, and when Balph threw open the window, the clustering creamy rosesnodded a sweet perfumyi welcome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took possession of him, as if it had never wavered since the day he and. sweet Lilias Dering had pligkted their troth. How impatiently he longad to hear the sound of her roit», how slowly the morning passed. Over and over again did Balph pic ture to himialf their maating, what she would say, how Bhe would look, and when at last he started on his way to the Priory, he was living almost in tho past, in a trotlfl of shadows. He was once more young B&lpk; Disney, the impetuous lover of the child-like, tender-eyed girl, and the cloud which had arisen between them was forgotten. A11 nature even seemed to have conspired to keep up the deception, and remind him of that summer, ten years ago,'as he went along the sunny cliffs, passed the white flag-staff round which the mild-faced sheep were nibbling at the golden-hearted daisies, and turned into the familiar beech avenue. The'glamor of old days when love dawned was upon him, the long weary years which had come between were no more remembered, and he looked to wards the shrubbery as if expecting to see there the glimmer of his love's white robes. His heart beat tumultously as he ap proached the Priory, for there, near the open Windows, sat the form he had pictured so often that morning. This sweet young girl, with the shining hair and downcast eyes, the pure white dress, the rose at her throat, was his ' lily, his love. It was the face he had kissed so often, so fondly,-the face that had visited him in dreamB,-the face that had come be fore him in the silent night watohes thousands of miles away. A little reflection would have saved him and others from much misery, but, alas 1 he never stopped to realise the mistake, and in another moment had clasped9 her to his heart, and was raining kisses on the golden head pressed so madly to his breast. "Lily," he whispered, "look up, my love, my own one." For the space of a moment Gidia allowed her wicked little head to rest where Balph had placed it, just for a moment only, to hide the gleam of triumph shining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, she freed herself from his embrace, and push ing him from her, cried indignantly-" Oh, how eould you ? how dare you take such a shooking liberty"-her boBom heaved and panted-"You are just like them all-you treat me like a child, a mere baby, without sense or feeling." Here she broke into sobs, covered her face with her pretty hands to watch what impression she had made. Poor Balph raised his hands to his eyes like one blinded or suddenly dazed; then he looked at the little woman before him in utter bewilder ment, and unconsciously repeated almost the first words, Lilias had said to her neice -"But who are you?" Wild thoughts of fairys and trolls, recollections of oldGerman legends, were coursing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated sur prise answered "Who am I? Why, Lilias Daring, of course-~who else oonld-I.be?" "Lilias,Dering," repeated Balph, wonder ingly; "not SquireDering's Lilias, my-" "Oh, no"-and Gidia interrupted him with a merry, ringing laugh like a peal of silver bells-" not that horrid old man's daughter -nothing nearer-, than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. Just fancy anyone mis taking me for poor dear old aunt Lilias-it is quite too funny, for anything; but I think . I can guess who you are now "-she held out both her hands, confidently-"Sir Balph Disney, you must be, and, oh! Iam so thank ful you are not old and ugly like everyone else auntie knows." "Why, child," Baid Balph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in spite of his secret annoyance at his^mistake as the truth dawned upon him, " did you expect to find me a Metheusalah ? " "Well,very nearly," she confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a swift upward glance from under her long lashes, " for they told , me you were my aunt's-but there, it would never do to tall you what they said, as I know now:it was not true, because you are not old-not-the least bit," she added en couragingly. , Balph had managed, to recover his self possession, but how different an aspect affairs wore now, to what they- had done only an hour before. He had suddenly awakened from his love-dream (at least as far as Lilias was concerned), and the sweet visions of the morning had all melted away before the fairy like touoh of this dainty little beauty. He could not for the life of him picture his old love otherwise than a rather prim, middle aged lady, perhaps with spectacles. Try as he would, the bright young face of her neice came between him and the image he had so vividly remembered only that very morning. However, pulling himself together with an effort, he uttered some very lame excuses for his apparent rudeness (which Gidia, blush ingly, shyly, accepted); and then rather stiffly suggested their joining Miss Dering. (To be Continued.) 