lBx TELEGRAPHJ, ! (FROM otra OWN nnroiiTBR.) BOURKE, STJKDAT. MINISTERIAL "VISITS 'THE NORTH. I . . -LIVEST <,« . .- r r I. I I In the dusty glow of the evening, and beneath the subsequent softening rays of the moonlight, the full beauties of Byerook were not so apparent BC when the Ministerial party got up with the sun yesterday morning preparatory to starting for Bourke. Wherever one looked the natural hideousness of the dry, grassless plain was intensified by the wretchedness of most of the temporary human habita- tions scattered around, and though the prospect of it fifty mile drive along the dusty road was not particularly enticing, it was with a feeling of relief that the young township, with its prevalent sicKness, was left behind. Mr. R. Barton drove Messrs. Abbott and Norton in his own four- horse trap, and the remainder of the party were accommodated in another similar vehicle driven by Mr. Soden. The track along the railway line was taken, it being less out up than the road, and also as it is the more direct line, running as it does absolutely straight from Nyngan to Bourke. The country is almost a dead level, and presents all along the same dreary effects of the protracted drought. The number is chiefly mulga and box, with here and there a native orange tree the severally smelling sandal-wood of commerce dogwood, quandongs, black wattle, leopard, and other woods. Sometimes the timber is thick, and sometimes it turns out into absolutely bare patches. A good deal of emu bush is seen, but it is all eaten an high as the sheep can reach, and on the Moculta Plain, near Bourke, which is included in Mr. Barton's Moculta run, the saltbush makes its appearance in sparse dumps. Of stock only three or four miserable, half starved sheep were observed along the whole route, except on Moculta station, where there were some cattle in good condition, despite the absence of grass and water for two seasons. In this wretched-looking country nothing is more prominent to the eyes of the observer than the red dust which seeks to everything it lies upon. At one spot this dust was so thick that Mr. Seddon had to stop his horses because he could neither see them norths stumps on the road. The effect of the rod particles upon the travellers' faces was in several instances quite ludicrous. The Postmaster General had absolutely changed his colour from white to a deep copper colour, so that his friends in Sydney would not be able to recognise him; and OB for the party's clothes, some of them were simply spoilt. The weather was warm, but a light breeze was blowing which made the heat bearable. indications, however, of getting near the River Darling were gladly welcomed. When within a few miles of Bourke a cloud of dust was seen travelling across a common towards us, and as it came closer we discerned that it was caused by a procession of Bourke residents who were coming out in vehicles of all descriptions to meet the Ministers. At a spot about two miles from Bourke, beneath the shade of clump of box, they halted, and an escort of four mounted troopers drew up to receive the visitors. As we drove up, the reception party loudly cheered, and the Mayor (Mr. M. S. Scrymgeour) advancing, welcomed the Ministers to this part of the country, and invited the thirsty travellers to refresh themselves with iced champagne. When this delightful task was done, the Mayor called upon his companions to drink their visitors' health, which they did amid hearty cheers. The members of the Ministerial party havingbeenaccommodatod with scarce the guest's carriages, the word was given to start to Bourke, and 'helter-skelter away went the whole collection of vehicles Uko a battery of artillery rushing into action. The dustraisod was sometTfm'g'L.'irftil; but very soon the place fell off, until a mile from the town the procession stopped altogether owing to Mr. Barton's TL. feet of horses knocking up after a long and hard journey. Mr Barton, who had retained his seat on his own trap, was provided for in another, and the procession was soon rattling through the streets of Bourke Flags were flying in different parts of the town, and every one rushed to the doors to see the first Ministers that ever came to the Upper Darling. The visitors were driven round to the house of a very old resident named Mr. Hughes, who had invited them to be his guests while in Bourke, and after removing the stains of travel and refreshing themselves at luncheon, they were driven to North Bourke to see the bridge across the Darling, which has been recently built at a cost of about £35,000. It is a fine iron and wooden structure, with an opening in the middle to allow the river traffic to pass through in flood time, but at present the water is a long way down from the level of the road, the river being low. The bridge is a mile or so from Bourke, that situation having been chosen because it had the fewest billabongs on both sides of the liver. As it is there is one big one on the Bourke side of the stream, which is now being bridged at a great expense. The bridge was opened to show the Ministers how it worked, and then they were driven back over the loose sandy roads which prevail about Bourke, to the Royal Hotel, where a representative gathering of the townsfolk made known the various pressing wants which they sought the Government to relieve. A deputation numbering some 30 citizens, headed by the Mayor, was introduced by Mr. K. Barton to the Minister, and the Mayor then formally welcomed the Minister for Mines and the Postmaster- General to Bourke, and then called upon the town clerk, Mr. Fordyce, to read the following address, which was signed by his Worship the Mayor : " Gentlemen It is my pleasant duty, on behalf of the people of Bourke and the surrounding district, to express the gratification felt at your present visit, this being the first occasion upon which any Minister of the Crown has ventured to penetrate so far inland. As the entire Western district has now experienced two dry seasons, and there is still the prospect of a third, your travels will give you a just idea of the terribly real nature of these protracted droughts, causing disaster and in many cases ruin to the unfortunate sufferers. The knowledge thus obtained will no doubt be placed at the disposal of your colleague, the Hon. the Secretary for Lands, and will greatly assist him in administering that great work of the last session the Crown Lands Act. Trusting that your visit to Bourke, though exceedingly short and hurried, may be a thoroughly pleasant one, I have the honour to be, free, M. SCUVMQOUK, Mayor. ' Mr. ABBOTT, in replying to the address, acknowledged the hearty reception that had been accorded to the Ministerial party, and said that over Bincohohnd been a Minister it had been his intention to come to Bourke, even if If Mr. Barton had not asked him to come at the present time. He intended to visit not only that remote part of the country, but, if possible, to make a tour of the whole of the Darling country before Parliament met again, with the view of gaining a good knowledge of Its state, more especially with reference to the rabbit nuisance, so as help the Government in dealing with the requirements of the country, and to dispel some of the ignorance prevailing in Sydney upon the condition of the western lands. (Cheers.) He would not say at present that the Government had done much for these districts; but it had done something if only by sending railways into them. He was astonished to find what a beneficial effect the extension to Byerock bad in bringing down the prices of food, and he was sure that in a still greater degree Bindiar benefits would follow the extension to Wilcannia and Forbes. (Cheers.) The Government I had lost no time in getting to work after raising the last loan, and the sum of ors had already been sent from Nyngan to Cobar, so that when Parliament met again the Govi di ment hoped to lay the plans of the time before it of the necessity for railway extension into the dry country there could be no doubt, and he thought the tale he would have to tell on his return to Sydney as to the State of the country would hardly be credited. Little was known there of the true condition of things, and he hoped the visit of himself and colleagues to Bourke would conduce to the benefit of the town. (Cheers J Mr. N oía ozs also briefly replied. The MAYOR then introduced the subject of permanent and temporary commons with the view of asking the Government to place matters on a more satisfactory y basis than at present. Owing to the decision of the Supreme Court, the municipality had acted with a it is in assuming control of the common us trustees. He also pointed to the desirability of the Government erecting suitable accommodation in the town for their public officials, especially in view of the operation of the new Land Act, in consequence of which 16 01 16 additional officers would be sent to Bourke. 1 be over- crowded state of the Public school required immediate attention in the way of a new building, and metalling one street cast and w GEt, as well as the street leading to the railway station. Mr. J. B. BLOXHAM urged that the Minister should proceed with the expenditure of £2000 already voted for a wharf. He suggested that a survey and report should be made as to the danger of it flood to Bourke by the railway bank across the Moculta plain turning the flood waters into the town. Regarding the statement made by Mr. Abbott in Parliament as to finding work for men in the country, in view of its disastrous State the Minister must see that he was in error. Mr AnnorT I would say something again to-morrow. I can find work for them in the rabbit country to-morrow. Mr, W E. Moore asked for the completion of the trucking yards at the same time as the railway. Mr. W. WILLIAMS urged the closing of the surveyed roads from Bourke to Wanaaring Fords bridge and Hungerford and also the sinking of tanks at the natural springs to catch the overflow along those routes, and the erection of a telegraph line to Wanaaring and Hungerford. Mr. COLLESS supported those works, Alderman CtAitor proposed the clearing of the surveyed road to Louth, and Alderman I1UOOIÏ.S referred to the subjects of bridges on the road from Bourke to Barringun, and the survey and clearance of the road from Bungonia to Barringun. Air. AimoiT, in replying to the modest demand of the deputation, said that with reference to the commons it was no use. of bringing in a bill to deal with one case like Bourke, but the Government would give its attention to, ! under doubt deal properly with, the whole question. As to the wharf, the wharf was not made, he understood, because the people were not agreed about the site, and as to road surveying, the surveyors had to be called on to report to the district surveyor owing to the dryness the country, and in the present state of affairs it was not possible to do much regarding trucking yards. He might say he would do all he could to see them carried out in good time, and other matters would be laid before his colleagues, when the deputation might be sure of having the support of their two active members in urging compliance with their requests. (Cheers.) Some of these he would do his utmost to give effect to, but others he should not support. The metalling of the streets of the town, for instance was a matter for the local authorities to undertake, but of course the State would make the approaches to the railway property, as it always did. Mr. NORTON also, in replying, thought that the district was entitled to great consideration, and he would give these matters careful attention when before the Cabinet. The M Avon then proposed the health of Messrs. Abbott and Norton, and, in replying, Mr. AnnoTTcomplimontod the town upon its municipal institutions, and said that if the Government remained in power, the first bill introduced next session would be the Local Government Bill. In return he proposed the health of the Mayor and Alder- men, coupled with the members for the district. The M AYOii and Mr. BARTON responded. The health of Mr. Quinn was also honoured, of for which the proceedings closed. In the evening the Ministers, with Messrs. Barton and Quinn, were entertained at a banquet at Huggins' Royal Hotel. The Mayor occupied the chair, Mr. D. W. F. Hatton, J.P, the Vice-chair, and about 60 were present. After the loyal toasts had been honoured, the MAYOR proposed "The Health of the Ministry," which was drunk with musical honours. Mr. AMIOTT, in rising to respond, was received with loud cheers. he said that, although they were there at an unseasonable time, the visit to himself and colleagues, was a holiday, which be thought all would agree they had earned after so long a session of Parliament. The Ministers, however, having accepted a public position, could not claim exemption from long hours like other men, but with long hours coupled with the unprecedentedly long session, they had got weary', and deserved a little recreation. (Hear, hear.) The session of 1883-01 extended over ISO days, the sittings last- ing 1324 hours 39 minutes. after midnight the sittings were 170 hours 14 minutes, and the daily average 7 hours 21 minutes. Any private member attending to his Parliamentary duties for that time had done good service to the country, and therefore could not Ministers claim some credit for their work on behalf, of the country? (Cheers.) Thoprn Bent Government had now been in office two years, and though they had grave doubts at first whether they would remain in power more than one session, the Ministry continued to gain the confidence of the country. For years the colony had been governed by Sir Henry Parkes on one side, and Sir John Robertson on the other, and a strong Government was never formed until they coalesced, which disgraceful coalition the present Administration broke up. Some of the members of the present Administration, when they entered the present Government were untried men, but the Government had gone on growing in strength until they had achieved their present position. They had passed some of the most important measures over submitted to Parliament, and those included the Inscription of Stock Act, which, by helping to inspire capitalists with confidence in the colony's securities, helped to procure a loan wherewith to pay for railways into the dry districts. For a long time the Government had been twitted with having no railway policy, and when they did make their proposals some members attempted to ridicule them, and others to prevent them being carried out. The Government might have made some mistakes in their proposals, as they were only human, but he felt they had gone! sympathy at least in proposing to go into the dry western country. (Cheers.) He felt certain that these lines, though proposed at an unfortunate time, would prove as profitable as any, and lead to a large exchange of products between the eastern and western parts of the colony'. (Cheers.) If, however, the producer found it to his interest to go to the Victorian and South Australian markets, by all means let him go there, because his individual prosperity' was a necessary factor in the general prosperity of the colony. During the last session they had also passed a measure long promised in the speeches at the opening of Parliaments as a part of the Ministerial programme. He alluded to the Civil Service, Act, which did away with the system of political patronage, which had grown into great abuse and discredit in every British "Government. Every Civil servant would now be classified according to his work, and it was ID the power of any young man entering the BANCO of the State to rise to the highest positions, if only pngsoaelif;',' the necessary abilities. The bill to amend the Stock and Pastures Acf and also occupied the attention of the Government, un- it was found that the local administration of that Act was ineffective to deal with such pests as rabbits; and while, he had power he would never countenance such administration. The rabbit nuisance was one of the most serious posts the country had known, and he did not know whether it was not worse than the drought; but at all events while the dry country could be occupied when the rain came, the rabbit country was always useless. He was glad to find Parliament voting liberally to provide the means of keeping these pests down. The present Act was somewhat tyrannical in its provisions, he admitted ; but they had endeavoured to administer it as fairly as possible with regard to pastoralists, whole he would warn that it rested with him whether there was to be any change in the present system of payment by results or not. Where a man neglected to do his best to meet the plague, it was in the power of the Government to paton any number of men to destroy the rabbits, the cost of which would be a first charge the property'. This power he had only exercised once or twice ; but in no case had the provisions of the Act been enforced. He knew that he was the best abused man about there in reference to this Act ; but he had little hesitation in saying that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, and to act vigorously against the defaulting owners of property. The conservation of water must necessarily be of great inlet OBt to Bourke, and he was glad to say that, he believed the Water Commission, which had been lately appointed by the Government, would bring up a report in which all the country would have confidence [A voice : " Not at ills Perhaps there might be an exception, but he anticipated that much benefit would accrue to the country from the board's appointment. The Government was experimenting with water augers in the dry country, and though it was a costly process according to the present state of things, yet the success which had been already met with in one instance) fully justified the expenditure of large sums of money in such a way. (Hear, hear.) He had already ordered three of the bust artesian well borers that could be got to test the country between Wilcannia and Silverton, and he contended that tiny success met with there would indirectly affect Bourke. It had been admitted beyond doubt that water could be got by artesian wells from the cretaceous formation to the west of the Darling, and when the work indicated had been done by the augers, they would be sent further north and west throughout the dry blocks. (Cheers.) The next subject that he had to deal with was perhaps the most delicate ground to tread upon, that being no other than the Land Act. (Hear, hear.) Of course, on such a question there must always be diversity of opinion, and it was in evidence that one squatter in that dry district would readily pay 6d. an acre for his land. (2 Oh.") There was no use in saying " Oh,'' as sworn evidence had been given to that effect it. (2 Name.") He would give no name, as he was only alluding to the matter to show that there was diversity of opinion among the landholders themselves, and if such existed, it would not be very hard to understand how a Government might disagree on the same subject. In preparing a new Land Bill, the Government were placed in the position of a mechanical engineer, to whom a customer might take a very old piece of machinery. After directing the attention of the engineer to the defects in the machine, his customer would ask him to repair it, when the reply of the engine might be, " It would be far easier to make a new machine." But the customer replied, No he knew this old machine, was acquainted with all i disadvantages and all its defects ; he know how to work it, and if a new one were made, he would have to learn all those things again." The Government had been handed the land law of 1884, with all its subsequent amendments, and told to repair them. The Government had no choice ; they had no clean shoot to write upon, and they had to get over the prejudices of two classes of people, for it was well known how conservative the people were about the land. This state of things could not be changed by any hasty action in the matter. After the general election the Government appointed a commission of two gentlemen to procure evidence which could be reliably worked upon and would receive the confidence of the public. Time would prove whether the action of the Government, which was founded on that evidence, would be beneficial or not. Although no principle of the bill had been changed, modifications had been accepted which might be improvements or otherwise, and the opponents of the Government taunted them with the statement that no other Government would submit to such a course ; but all had seen lately how the Lords compelled Mr. Gladstone to bring in a bill for the redistribution of seats before passing the Franchise Bill, and indeed a majority could not always force all its opinions in the face of a minority. The bill had been debated for 12 months before it was made law, and now he heard that some people about Bourke did not believe in it at all. (A voice : "Not many.") However, he was sure that the bulk of the people were willing to give it a fair trial. (A voice: " We have no other choice.") On such a subject the opinions of the other colonies were most valuable as being free from prejudice, and he would quote one from the Brisbane Courier, which said " Alto- I gather it seems to us that our Land Bill is much more favourable to the squatters than that of our neighbours, and it is possible that the large area of our grazing farms, the length of time for which they are to be leased, and the absence of any condition of personal residence will render it much more easy for wealthy men to accumulate large estates here than it will be in New South Wales. It is difficult to predict how the new Land Act of New South Wales will affect the settlement of that colony, but it certainly seems to us in some respects superior to the one now before our own Parliament. The bill is framed with a view to securing for the State as large an income, as possible from the public lands, and to be a shock to the aggregation of lands in a few hands. We fancy that it will minister that purpose better than ours." This was a direct opinion against any that had been raised here about everything being sacrificed for the squatter and while he believed that the Act would tend to prevent the accumulation of large estates, he did not think the pastoralists need fear that they would be treated unjustly. Speaking on this subject. The South A us tralian Advertiser wrote : " All that can be hoped is that a measure of such grave importance as this Land Act will be righteously and ably administered, and that the colony whose future so largely depends on its skilful management will be fortunate enough always to find those who will faithfully discharge the duties from which many able and upright men would shrink and in that observation is con tninednll the hope and doubt to which the Act gives rise. This is an excellent reform, and if it be judged by the spirit of firmness in which it was conceived, and the admirable consideration it shows for the rights of all classes, so far as is consistent with the welfare of the State, any imperfections that it may have will be discovered by its careless, improper, or dishonest administration." The opening of the bill was no hurried proceeding. Clause by clause its provisions . were challenged and discussed, and there was every reason to believe that it would be administered in the spirit which it had been conceived. The Govemmontconwlorod that they had passed a liberal Land Act, and they trusted that it would be liberally carried out. (Cheers.) As much care as was bestowed upon its preparation would be devoted to selecting the instruments by which it would be carried out, and no man appointed to any responsible position under the Act, unless, in the judgment of the Ministry, he was regarded OR of unblemished character, and had a peculiar fitness for the duties which he would have to discharge. They would protect the country against exercise of any political influence in the making of these appointments, and indeed they had already done so. They might displease some of their friends, and they might disappoint some of their supporters ; but they had to perform a great duty to themselves and to their public reputation, and that was to provide that everything else should be done to make the great work of the session as effective as possible for the benefit of the country. (Cheers.) Hofolt convinced that the Government should boas success ful in the administration of the Act" was in its construction, and they would see within a comparatively short time how materially it would conduce to the prosperity of the country. (Cheers.) Let them no more be misled by petty organisations formed by disappointed man to defeat the practical operation of the Act; These sea-weed organisations are made up of a little of pandering to principles which are supposed, to be popular in some places, a little bit of sectarianism of a mild character, a little bit of protection to what was called native industry, a desire to distrust instead of to support authority me the very worst of guides on public questions of any kind. Better a thousand times is a bold, reckless, and uncompromising opponent than a man whose only policy is to embarrass and depreciate the works of others in order to give himself some accidental and temporary importance. From the lips of such men as these would be heard everything which could cast discredit upon the Act, and upon its authors, but in justice to the Government and to the country the measure should be judged by its fruits, which will soon be gathered, and he would treat such critics as those referred to with that con- temptuous silence to which they are entitled. (Cheers.) It was sad to think that such was the case, but he had heard a gentleman who occupied a distinguished position once OR a Land Minister state that if the opportunity came (which, thank God was not likely, he would appoint to the land boards all the blackguards that he could find. (2 Name.") He would not mention any name, but that person would never be a Land Minister again. Some people were afraid that there would be an injustice done by fixing the minimum rentals of the pastoral holdings, but he felt that the ap- praises' land boards would have too much experience of such work to act unjustly. (Cheers.) Some of the most experienced men in the Civil Service would act as chairmen, and other gentlemen of high character would be associated with them. If there was one thing better than another in the Act it was the system of docontrnÜBatton, by which the carrying out of the administration of the Act would be done under the eyes of the Crown tenants, and he would be much disappointed if good results would not follow. (Hear, hear.) He lands must, be occupied, but at the same time a fair rent must be paid for them. Under the Act the Crown tenants would have a fixity of tenure ; they knew exactly what they had to do, and they were quite willing to do it. Why should there be any injustices under this Act more than under the old one What advantage would it be to the country for the pioneers to be ruined by high rentals ? They need not fear that anything of the sort would happen. (Cheers.) Another objection to the Act-was the dividing of the houses ; but men of smalloupital- say £10,000 deserved consideration as well as the others, who were more wealthy, and they should be allowed to take up 10,000 acres if they chose. For his part, he would not take 20,000 acres of such land as he had soon that day, but in some parts of the western division good living could be made on 10,000 acres. JtwaB intention to make himself more thoroughly acquainted with the district, and during next February he would /rest Balranald, go down the Darling and tip to Silverton, perhaps paying Bourke another visit on his return. Let them in the meantime consider well what he had said. The Government had shirked no public duty'; would shrink from no labour, and were straits fcO.'uspbnBibtiity. They might have cried, batiste boldly faced the difficulties of tbo/tiroA.,Jinih-uúe yet the greatest questions that ever could or would engage tho.publiomen of the country. 'The Government had proposed, debated, and passed into law since sure which must command public support, and which would contribute to great and enduring public prosperity. (Loud cheers Mr. NoiiTorf was also well received on rising to address the meeting on behalf of his colleagues, and thanked the people of Bourke for the kindness of their reception. He hoped the Ministerial visit would result in a general benefit to the district, but he also trusted that he would never own any land here in such a condition as it now appeared. There was evidently some Intent energy in the people of the country which was displaying itself in increasing, he hoped, their own wealth, but at all events the wealth of the colony, and by the means of that wealth they contributed in a very high degree to embellish and beautify Sidney. The country had never been sufficiently grateful to such men, who had sacrificed their time, money, and health, and even their lives, in opening up the country, which but for these pioneers would have been a hopeless desert. For the dry seasons which they had now passed through they deserved a good one; and that their desires should be crowned was his fervent wish. (Cheers.) The Vice-chairman proposed the toast of "The Berlin most of New South Wales" which was drunk with cheers; to which Mr. Norton briefly replied on behalf of the Legislative Council. - i Mr. It. BAHTOK, in responding for the Legislative Assembly, was received with cheers, -He- said that he felt proud of the position which he occupied as the representative of so important a district OF Bourke, by which he had been sent in to Parliament with the other members. He would deal specially with one subject, and that subject was the land question the bill that had been passed through so successfully. He had never altered his opinion from the first day that he appeared before the electors as to what sort of a measure would most benefit the people of the colony. They all know now the provisions of I the Act, and while he had been in Parliament it had been his endeavour to carry out to the utmost that piece of legislation which he believed was for the benefit of the < country. The present Parliament was fitted to deal out justice to both sides, and if it had failed to pass the bill no other Parliament would be more likely to deal out even-handed justice than that one. Mon who had considered that the Act was a reckless measure had turned round and voted for it, thus showing that friends had been gained to the measure as it went through the House. A Voice: Lackey.] He would mention no names, but he felt satisfied that if the Art were administered with integrity, having the right men on the board, and no cursed political patronage introduced in the direction of the officers, it would prove a benefit to ourselves and to our children. One member had shown him a list of applicants for positions on the board numbering eli, and he himself had applications from some of the best and some of the worst men in the district, but the Ministers must be careful not to allow themselves to be influenced in selecting the officers under the Act. He would repeat his former assurances, which had been driven on the hustings, that he would never stoop to be procured of billets for needy electors. (Hear, hear With Mr. Quinn he had been the means of bringing the Ministers to Bourke for the purpose of showing them, before regulations under the new Land Act were passed, the real state of the drought country, and they would be able to take back to Sydney reliable Information as to how the people were losing by hundreds and thousands of pounds, and say whether the reports about the terrible devastating drought were exaggerated or not. They had travelled a hundred miles through the country, and not the worst of it, and he would say that, not one iota was exaggeration. Their trip on to Brewarrina and back, where the effects of the drought were greater, could only further colour their story. They would then have soon a fair sample of the district. He heard lots of people saving No, that the country was worth down the river, but he did not want to show visitors the worst, and would leave it to their imagination as to what the world could be Uko. The Minister would go back with a proper knowledge of what was due to the pioneers of the district. (Cheers.) He always considered the division of runs in the western district a fault of the Act, and if he only had the ghost of a chance of altering it, he would have divided the House on the question. (Hear, hear.) However, there was no great cause to complain of what they had got, taking into consideration the number of men dealing with the measure who knew nothing of the birds in the west, and perhaps were never more than a few miles out of Sydney, The Ministers had nothing to guide them but what I they had heard from their friends and opponents, and a very small number of members had any practical knowledge of the working of the Act of 1861 in the dry country districts, or what Act was likely to benefit them. The Government had done a good thing in appointing a Water Commission. He believed water would be found all over the great western country by boring, and he was not guided by a great amount of geological knowledge, but from what he had seen of the mud springs which common sense told him were the IHBLUUJI Under pressure below, lULJlt up into litlOOnfl land be relieved water would be found, and immense I cases would be raised Where now there was nothing but vast desert. (A voice The water in too But it.) It was only will on the top, and never before Uno above subject he would n for to. He thought it a great pity the country dictSrotci should have two or three members., and be preferred the King's constituenticH, for the essential by the members voting in different WHJS, 10 electorates brave virtually disfranchised us Bourke on the Land Bill has seen On another 01 casion he hoped serious encounter has sion and fine, and trusted he had not outlined what little popularity he had in the district bore presented (( br in Mr O LINN', MLA, also briefly responded on behalf of the Abel rally Mr. A»noir proposed " Success to the Pastoral interests of the Western Dinnison of June frontil Willis, ' which and responded to by Mr. J. Wilton, of Duncan and Mr. G. Brown, of Kallara stations, and the proceedings were animated. To-day the party will start for Beoniory, one of Mrs" Quinn's stations, up the River Darling. 