The following extract, from " St. James's Budget" of May 23rd, may be regarded as a literary curiosity, or as a true characteristic of the sophist; the THE PREMIER OF ENGLAND. orator, the ohampion egotist — the anti podes of everything that has raised Eng land to the greatness she enjoyed, until the wave of popular illusion lifted the present Preariar of England again into power. It is supposed'to be addressed by " The Ghost of Palmerston," to the editor : — Sir, — In the hope that some of your readers may lite, for a while, to amiiBe themselves with a litarary ouriogity, I send you tie fol- lowing. Bead as the letters are plane.:, they will be found to contain the name of a certain eminent personage ; bin transposed in the order denoted by the figures placed nnder each le t <r, a remarkable anagram is the resultant, which in substance varies bu; lit'.le from an oft-qnote 1 remark made by myself wbiie in the flash. — I am, sir, your obedient 8t:rvait, The Ghost of Palmesstoh. Hades : ttl.b kipht hokou-rablf, 4 -6 « 33 1 10 s 19 12 13 33 24 37 20 2 16 38 17 WinniAM EWABT GLADSTONE 7 9 14 1522183 30U2I2523 303132343520272928 To suva readers from puzzling them selves, we give the reading of the letters thus transposed : "I am the. Whig who'll be a uraitor to England's rule." Never was an anagram more opposite in its signification. The great oratorical powers of this sophistical egotist have been the bane of the British people. In Africa, whether deserting allies or making treaties with Portugal, and , eating hnmbla-.pie, because other powers will not permit its application to their sub jects, or in Egypt or in India or io Ire- land, or in the treatment of the colonies, nought but dishonor, disaster and 'dis- glio.o have followed upon the actions of " The Grand Old Man," The only way' to free the British Empire.of the incubus of the said grand old man" would be to act as. Sinbad did by " The Old Man of the Sea." A few years more of the rule of this infallible, inflated, demented egotist, and then a long good-night to England's glorious and benevolent Em pire. No one, during this century,. hold ing the eminent position to which " The Grand Old Man" has attained, 'has done mora to disgrace the English Empire 'and to bring ridicule upon its foreign and home policy. It is to be hoped that, ere it is too late, the true men, who have a knowledge'of sustaining a great empire, may be called upon by an awakening people to take the helm and steer the mach-buffetted vessel of the State safely through the shoals aud breakers, .in tbe midst of which an unskilful or traitorous pilot has placed her. 