ZVQ&Tim; r " BY "NEwBfesfr. . Owing to the tbrillitig spice of danger which is assoria steepholasing is always held i lavout with racegoers, and, though !& ££?£ events on the prcremma uuy m with o<Rnaratisly fittV coDbsn i??? U apatbetie speotat Jr regards the >iQlmS50,l tnth the olosett attention, and viewitl 1 I tnsto with -the closest interest. fl i this, the Victoria Amateur Turf 3R? I nishes . annually a Grand Nalionat SiaI1? ' I chase meeting, and whenever flu JS! I oemes round tha Caulfield coutti FS I attraction of the hour. This inttrii? occasion will be celebrated to-day, and.L I fields for the different events sre'S I nuraeroua, it may confide otly I tilat the sport will be quite an I high stahdard uenally provided I V.A.T.O Proceedings will be ioano I sated with the Sapling titakea: and AS, I it i« not thought that the M<.ribfr0D2Tu£ winner is concealed amongst fije jik? I ofT juveniles engaged, the list ineladee W I yery, promising youngsters. First p<? I ehoed snch. marked superiority 0? fl her opponents at Eleternwick on Sathrdn I that she oogbt to follow up her eucaesg b I placing fiother win to her credit. 1 f5ne" H however, that the Caulfield bourse fl suit Mr.Whlttingham's filly Local Oplioa.who I may torn the tables on the King Cole fill; H The Selling R tee will succeed, and, despb I his mediocre display at Eleternwick Park on I Saturday, I fully expect to see Hannibal poll I through. In his absence, however, Pu H may prove victorious. Now that Merri hag H been withdrawn from the Hardle Race, Bit H Patrick appears to have a good chance, H Dfoolpa is another who should ran veQ fl fjrwardi on his maiden essay on a met rope, fl Hfau oonrBe,. for when he defeated Angler U H Dcniiiquin fie finished with plenty in hand, fl However, I shall discard the lot, and stisk to H another of my original selections, asl 'fl trust to Tattler to pull me fiiroagfa fl on this occasion. For the Steeplectatet, fl .Blackthorn and Governor are doing good fl work at Flemiogton, while Biazeawaj treated fl us to an exhibit icn of his quality when he fl won at Geelong. I fancy, however, thatir.hu fl Dry sn O'Lynn or Katunga will win, and fl perhaps Friendless will prove the but fl pf the light-weight division. Pailleroo, fl Tiio Too, Capob, and Precioui Stooe W are a qaito'te from which the in«r SI of the ..Balaclava B tikes shoald twm Te oil tnake a final selection, however,- ! man B declare in favo&r; of. Cupola, whese rnncing fl wiih The Ghost stamped him as a Yeryapeedy n coit;1 v1 ; " " -Jji .. ' Despite 'the unfavourable oatloqk bf the fl wealher at coon on Saturday, there! i Iff " lirge1 gather! bg at Elsfernwick ' Psrk, the B tislfis' .Were toterkbly nomercQB, : vid the ||| racing Ihonboat proved very enjajsble. Lnbra pulled through at last in the fiaidsn Trot, but her opponents were Vint i Ten Eg. halliapV 1. Prince B , who fimahed, k K eipife ;; at'", m Ad JH resie, Ibr 'h® -.-tontinWiaEl, uA ' Hie dnfer, who' Was: also the ewnstof the wm. eplhiiSBd«d% the H| stewards for the m inner in which te dron his horse. I notice, however, fieri hero S notidecmreff diatabcedras be ld tain M 1 wad'; hopelessly tnrtpaced hefoitertf. anik . had been tta'isrBed Oh Satwtiaf ktawenr, w he ooxrsiderably "improved" upoofhiilorB ; coverftg the fr M . tanpe, , on A trabk fetlock deep 1$ mud, «t; the eathe rate of speed that tbc Geetong event was won in, Out of fte- ckni j|| youngsters that made tbeif debtft tin um Bapiing Stakes I liked Mr. Whittmgtainii filly Local Option. They ran iti iWriapt s however as the winner, First Bop, Wis » meanest looking one of the lot. Shivtaotii plenty ; .of .. pace, though, for, getileg away, she cleared out from her oppooeatr, and won as . she liked. The kliiw m ep £Kiug Cole from Spes, by Lord of Lyes, W mk wihohghi of ao little value thai |g Robinson, bier purchaser, tossed Mr.T.J«w, who hpught a yoarling at the samsroV" the two. Joiiea won the toss, wtaeh ro " firei; f>oP» and hence the fifljh jfl Even When courage is not accompanko"? w good judgment, it iBIwsy eheeri!«»rea» w it, andfew who witnessed fl Angler in the Steeplechase will j fearless manner he sent the cheauut . & fences Iff the StecpleAase Coarse sodtttt too, alter the horse had lain on him few seconds and was only removed oy bystatidtes. Tbe%ew || very laid oat, and » well vrifiu fc view of t|ie spectators, «o that ingbiraikat Kisternwtek is bound to becow popnlar irith race-goera. brf | appear quite at home in the heavy goi gi , gj GilderoV qnite revelled is- it. : Anofcue 4 Bhapefi Very well until hs oame to£i , | Alteration; but Eulkyae tan>nber i Selling Race to his already longlDtoi g ttes deeoriptlOB, trough the agetby® k % who iarems tii quito lfiss the g«rogf |fi: ho lio After W incoewuP, g: metits. Precious Stone rewarded , by Winning the Park Handicap 'tewByfetenSfeaBefpent.- " Those having horses engftg®1 VdLT,0.' Grert IM-Mm S Guineas will escape luriber labtUlJ declare out by tbe 1st September , 0 Bomehow the starters at -M nearly always unfortunate with dndthere is Htidly friends over the herder at bicb'h®tf lads are not heavily fined for dwotec the start. - an' At TatlerrolPs Meeting on m te»-8 appear to have drifted into s toF out of oonfurion. When tbetompch® m for thi Loftus Handtrap Vt wasted in tatlle attempto t got l the ri w even tqrins. - At length Leadbeat«G _0$ - bf Rorininie, wae ordered mto 1 padflhfcfr, and Was fiisqualided I tor dhobecBMWS. Tbtn »fan»U. | Lord' G&den;, wrai fined I way IltndSeap, H. flj S Friocess ""Thf-: Lome, was - aoj ' M tod tender,' fianto, , tore teeletsd' » soma of ' jfl Ckirioatiy enough, the- fi.T flclfrM Twotyer-oFd Stakes from ; indie W him credit for, and, as he earned |fl fiid just what he liked with Voonreto, he Should bs heard nnema to £e<«omit g back to / getnerir the wlarieiv f Baol end BaromVou ; ' Mueller wQre also araongsfthBatarfcers, bat ; ' neither of them pliyed a very prominent part In the raoe. ' - : s-1 ?. When Liberator won the NormaubySt&kes; be Btadoped himself; asone of the fastest horses In Australia, and asa; three-yea--old be eubetantiated his -form- by earryihg' 8sf. 9lb. and winning a mile raoe at Flemington, beating Verdure and other speedy ones. While training, he unfortunately met with an accident/which has prevented his everraoihg again, and his owner has therefore placed him at the disposal of breeders. Liberator is a beautifully bred horse, and being very hand some, and possessed of a. splendid constitu tion, he should command the attention of breeders. He is got by Irish King from the French mare Mobile/ He is announced to stand at his owner's stud farm, Bex Hill, and as he is limited to twenty mares, early application to Mr. O. Tatter sail, 82 Collins street east, should be made. By winning the Loftus Handicap at Band- wick on Saturday last, Batallions, who is engaged in the Caul6eld Cop at 7et. 41b. and Melbourne Cup at 6st 101b., has incurred a 51b. penalty for the former event, and 31h> for the Melbourne Cup. It is pleasing to note Sawarrow has got a berth worthy of him, and from, his high lineage and undoubted stoutness of heart, he fl'iould prove a great acquisition to the Bun- djora Park stud. Finding that Sir W. J. Clarke's Anglers' Gem, by Angler — Topaz, and the fitly My Charmer, by the same sire from Coquette, were growing very fast, Mr. H. Yeend has widely thrown them out of work, and the youngsters will luxuriate at their owner's paddocks at Rupertswood until they are three years old, when they will again be placed in training. A welcome little stranger made his" appearance at Sir W. J. . Clarke's stud at Rupertswood on Sunday last, when Petrea dropped a fine oolt foal to Defoe, a son of Aogler and Chrysolite. Mr. J. Wilson arrived at Flemington dur ing the week with his. string of half-a-dozen, inoluding Guesswork, and has taken boxes at Kensington. t ' Messrs. W. C. Yuilleand Co. roport'having; sold Egbert, 2yr8., by Goldsbrotigh -from Isabella, to Mr. W. Bland, for loO.guineas; the steeplechase horse Midnight, by Paris, to Mr. M'Leod, for 72 guineas ; King's Head, by Emperor from Kalo, . to Mr. Abrahams; foro3 guineas ; the Buck, by Tim Whiter from The Hind, to Mr. J. Cripps, for 43£ guineas ; and a brown horse by Maribyrnopg from Charity, /to Mr. Abrahams, for SO guineas. . ,/_,%- ! 1,1 "! Maid of Mona, who/ was sold recently -by Mr. P. G. Dixon to a New South Walea sporting man, has. be en matohedin Sydney to trot a local marjjnamejl Dolly. The con test will be for £5.0 a side, . and, the distance will be from/ Moore Park tb the' Ratidfrrok toll- gates.- ./" "'y1 A great atteaotion.in Loudon/ just' now- is mid to hp the dashing hcrsehiahehi pf Mise Nellie -Reid, ; evening H'oihs|ir : iirifcrifim, and rides.; the Auraiiariujunip tJfaion : over : bardies/, 6ft/ ' high._ The / / daVitfg eqiiestripatit. puta//th() colbhiBr-bred timber- topperat his fences in a mbfetartlstib Etyja. L The sensational Rem of the week m the betting market haa'been the introduction of Sir Modred for. tbp Hawkesbury Handicap, the MaorHander being ' entrnsted jto win several thousands do wn to 6 to l, whilst 100 to 12 is. aoeepted about 'Harricane,/ rod .100 to 10 was booked .about Blaze. Fo . Ifche same race, Battalions .waa Weir/supported at 100 to 8, and some money went on Privateer and Erin at 100 to 6 each, while ah /outside commission was executed oh behalf of Brian O'Lynn, and about £1,000 .was booked at 100: to 6. Bonnie Bee and Phyllis , were, also inquired for: at 100 to 5. For the VHC. Derby, Bargd continqe3 firm at 100 to 15; but there/ is no alteration in thfe C&ulfield; Cup and 'Melbourne' Cup candi dates. .Sopae. , speculation ;,was indulged in over the V A.T.C. Hurdle Race and G.N. Steeplechase, Moolpa, Mefri, Sir Patrick; and Lady. Teazel being coupled with Katanga, Governor, Brian O'Ljnri, and Friendless lor the Steeple. / - An announcement appears in our adver tising columns to the effect that the stallion Liberator will etand this season at the BLon. Dr. L. L. Smith's stud farm, Kdahan, Box Hill. Liberator is a handsome horse,' of good pedigree, and should make a capital sire. . : On Tuesday next, turf men will require to send in their nominations for the BaUarat Turf and Hunt Club meeting,, and as the . prizes offered are very liberal, there should be a numerous entry. ; . . . The attention of owners and. trainers' is - directed to the programme of the Wyndham Racing Club, which includes a Handicap Hurdle Race, of 40 epvs. ; Winter Handicap, of 60 eovs. ; Selling Race, of 30 so vs.,; Steepleohase, of 50 soys ; and District Plate, Of 40 bov8. The Tasmanian colt Meteor arrived at Flemington in charge of Mr. J. Wilson, jun:, whose string also includes Hesperian, ^Con jecture, Guesswork, and a couple of youngsters bred at St. Alban?. The hard work done by First Demob 'has rendered it necessary to give the little fellow a spell. Capital entries have been repei&d; for next Saturday's meeting at Moonee Valley. With the Hawkesbury meeting on Thurs day next, the spring racing campaign will commence in real earnest. There appears to be some doubt as to whether jBargo and Garfield will go to the post for the Hawkesbury Guineas, and in such a case, . perhaps King's Own may be the best to rely upon to furnish the wiuqer; but, if the other pair start, I fully expect to see Bargo ad minister a decided beating to Garfield, ;a6 the son of Julian Avenel only beat Mr. White's oolt because- the latter was getting stale, just in the -same manner that Naviga tor suooumbed when he was defeated by Jessie and Piracy. For the Hawksbury Handicap I incline to the chances of Battalions, VV illan- gra, Bonnie Bee, and Phyllis ; and after his easy win in the Loftns Handicap, I have a preference for the first named. - r The committee of the V«A,TfG. had an fce Minieter of Lands yester,. 4Mw btainlng control over th piabed jn apposition to sue and be sued. It waspointed out that the club had he m in that Ji1?004 ei8hfcJearB, and durirg/ that time had spent ubpnt £20,000 in improvements on lbs racecourse. The land, however, was vested in a committee of SWS1' Tho wer® not ths o mmittee of xne v.a.. I.e. It was also pointed out that to carry out the wishes of. the club it would be necessary to cancel the pohlia right to the d t4 W in View of the action of the rrahran Council, who were purchasibg land for recreation purposes, it was not thought deBirable to withdraw any reserves required py the residents. Mr. Tucker promised to look carefully through the Bill, and consult his colleagues at the next Executive meeting. \ V.A.T.O. Scratchings. —Hurdle Race— Sir Bamuel, Ditto, Angler, Merri. SeUing Stakes Uj \ fP®y Witchett. Balaclava Stakes- — Hannibal, Duenna, Squireen, St. Lawrence. Hurdle Race— Ontario. Grand Nation! Steepleohase— Fame, Maid of the Mist, Sir Fyans, -Kulkyne, and The Baron. Sapling Stakes — School Girl, 