the CHRISTMAS holidays Glorious weather yesterday gave every one full confidence in completing their ar rangements for the- holiday season, com mencing with Christmas Day (to- day),and it is to be hoped that nothing will occur to mar the enjoyment of the people. The town yesterday was well filled with visi tors from the metropolis, Ballarat, and many of the country districts beyond the goldfields" city, and, although business was not excessively brisk, still a very steady trade was done, especially in the evening when there was a rush of pur chasers to make provision for the holi days. In almost every quarter efforts were made by the tradespeople generally to make their business premises attractive sights for promenaders, and at many of the establishments the scenes at night under the gaslight were of dazzling and brilliancy. The butchering establish ments of Messrs Bannerman and Jarmau, and Messrs Mathews Bros, were very tastfully decorated with floral wreaths and evergreens, and excellent displays of choice goods for Christmas fare were made at each place. The various exten sive grocery . establishments were also neatly dressed for the present festive sea son, and the drapery warehouses were rendered most attractive by the elegant exhibition of snmmer goods. The out side portions of many of the shops were profusely decorated with evergreens and flowers which tended to present a holiday aspect to all around. To a very large number of persons residents of this town "and district, Christmas day is observed as a holy day, and in many of the churches special sermons are to be preached, whilst efforts have been made to embellish the interior of the places of worship. At ST. PAUL'S CHURCH ..in uc me usuaiservices tnis morn ing" at eight and eleven o'clock. In the evening at 7 o'clock there will be full choral service, at which the music will be rendered by the united choirs of the three Anglican churches. Solos and other se lections from "the Messiah" will , be sung after the sermon. Collection in aid of the clergy, Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the diocese. As usual the sacred edifice has been very prettily decorated with floral wreaths of flowers, tho handi work of the members of tho Church Decorators' Guild, assisted by a number of friends. At the entrance to the chancel, and' stretching from the pulpit to the prayer desk, a light and elegant trellis work screen has been erected. It is artistically enshrouded with ivy leaves and tastefully picked out with white flowers, and above the archway are the words " Emmanuel ;• God with us" worked in colored letters on a white ground, whilst to the right and left hand sides respectively are the tests of "Blessed is He that cometh" and " Hosanna to the Son of David," printed in similar lettering by Mr H. Wilmot, the I whole being designed and erected by Mr James ltichardson, of Newtown. At either side of the screen there are "new and pleasing banners painted by Miss Weekes and bearing the tests " God is love," and " Love one another," whilst on the re-table of the altar there is a floral cross, and four vases containing white flowers, above which there are two scrolls bearing the gold lettering on a blue ground, "A star shall come out of Jacob," and " A sceptre shall rise out of Israel." Above the reading desk is a neatly painted banner (Mr Wilmot's) on cream satin, represent ing tiger lilies and foliage entwined by passion flowers. At the eastern end of the church there are two new banners painted by Mr It. G. Hyndman, of Mel bourne, but formerly of Geelong, which bear the tests " Thanks be to Goi " and " Braise ye the Lord." At the west end of the church there is an Oxford frame bearing the tests " Who for us," "And for our Salvation," " Came down from Heaven," " And was made," " By the Boly Ghost of the "Virgin Mary" the remaining tests on the walls being illus trative of the birth of Christ and taken from the Credo. The font is filled with evergreens and white flowers, the whole being surmounted by a cross made of everlasting flowers, and the gas brackets on the pillars of the church are orna mented with floral festoons and bouquets. At CHRIST CHURCH, there is to be the ordinary Christmas ser vice at eleven a.m. to-day by the Kev. Canon Goodman. The interior of the building has been very tastefully adorned by about 20 young ladies of the congrega tion. In the chancel scrolls bearing the words " Emmanuel," " God with us " are conspicuously displayed;' and looking westward, the front of the choir en closure is festooned with evergreens, and the word " Alleluliah " in gold letters on white silk, with an ivy bordering, gives the place a decidedly attractive appear ance. In the southern wing there Is an elegant scroll in gold letters, bearing the words " Hosanna to the Son of David " on a scarlet ground, the work of Mr Hay ward, drawing master, of Geelong. The walls of the church are prettily relieved with fancifully designed scripture tests in colored letters, and bordered with ivy leaves, chief among them being " Thou art the King of Glory," " Unto us a child is born," " Unto us a Son is given," j " Behold, I bring you good tidings," " Glory to God in the highest," " Unto us is born a Saviour^' "Thou art the King j of Glory," and " The Lord is our right eousness." The font contains a pretty ' fern resting on a bed of wadding and ! moss, prettily relieved by a profusion of white flowers. MARINE EXCURSIONS nave been arranged to take place to-day and to-morrow. The owners of the steamer Alert having decided to send their vessel to Melbourne, via Portarlington, starting each morning from the Moorabool-street wharf at nine o'clock and leaving Mel bourne on the return journey at four o'clock in the afternoon. . The excursion fares have been made very reasonable and on each day a band of musicians, under the leadership of Mr Graves will accom pany the steamer. A: GRAND SACRED CONCERT is to be given in the Exhibition Hall this evening; a capital programme having been prepared, in which Madame Simonsen, Madame Leonard, Mr G. F. Smith, and Mr T. Bergin will take part in the solo, duet, trio, and quartette vocalisation, whilst Mons. Poussard, the celebrated violinist and Herr Lewestoff, the pianist, will furnish the instrumental music. The pieces to be sung and played are from the works of Novello, Gounod, Handel, Pous sard, Rossini, Thalberg, Hadyn, Men delssohn, and other popular composers,so that the eoncertmay confidently be antici pated to be a first class one. On Boxing night (to-morrow) the same artists will give a grand popular ballad concert, and the progamme to be submitted is equally attractive. THE WINCHELSEA RACES, which also comprise a brief programme of athletic events will, take place on Boxing Day, and efforts have been made by the Railway Department to study as much as possible the convenience of the excur sionists from Geelong and other places to Winchclsea. In addition to the ordinary trains, there will be two specials, one at 8.35 a.m. and 10.30 a.m. from Geelong. and returning from the races at 5.40 p.m. and 7.10 p.m., and the tickets will be available for return by the ordinary trains. The " special" will stop at all stations. The racing programme embraces the following events :—Handicap hurdle Race, Trial Stakes, Winchelsea Handicap, Handicap Trotting Race, Ladies' Brace let, and Selling Hack Race ; and the athletic sports comprise the following events :—Maiden Plate, Park Handicap, Running High Jump, Bicycle Race, and Boy's Race. The race club have made a number of improvements to the raco course, and have added a tank containing 6000 gallons of good water for'public use, and have also added seating accommoda tion for 500 persons in the outer reserve. The caterers for the public wants are Mr O'fCeefe, of Belmont ; Mr Noonan, of Mount Moriac; and Mr James, of Colac; the former having the booth under the grand stand, and the two latter having the privileges in the outer reserve. THE ROKEWOOD RACES will be held on Boxing Day, under the auspices of the Corindhap and Rokewood Turf Club, and a capital day's outing is almost guaranteed. The committee have succeeded in obtaining a large number of entries for the following events, which are to be run for, viz., Maiden Plate, Handicap Trot, Corindhap and Rokewood Handicap, Pony Race, District Plate, and Handicap Hurdle Race. THE MEREDITH RACES, will he held this year on the racecourse near the township of Meredith, on Boxing Day. The club conducting the race meeting comprises the Meredith, Morri sons, Elaine and Steiglitz districts, and the sporting gathering takes place at each township in successive years. This year a very large attendance of the pub lic is anticipated, and the committee have arranged for the follo wing events to be carried* out :—Maiden Plate, the Handicap Distance Trot, the H.M.E. and S. Handicap, the Handicap Hurdle Race, the Publican's Purse, the Selling Flat Race, and Selling Hack Race. There are numerous entries for each of the events, and a good day's sport may be looked for. - ATHLETIC SPORTS, are to he held at Little River on Boxing Day, and the chief events to be contested consist of the Mt. Rothwell Handicap, Maiden Race, Handicap Hurdle Race, Running High Jump, and Ladies' Brace let. There are, however, other events in addition to those mentioned to be com peted for. • Persons desirous of enjoying a quiet drive are recommended to visit. THE STRAWBERRY GARDENS at the Wellington township, an easy dis tance from Geelong and Queenscliif. The gardens at the place mentioned are well "stocked with fruit, and every inducement is offered to the public to enjoy the out ing in that locality on Christmas and Boxing Days. AN EXHIBITION OF ARTS AND INDUSTRIES, as well as of flowers, is to he opened this evening in the Exhibition Hall by the lessee of the building, Mr Jackson. Last evening there was a very fair number of exhibits, and as the place is to bo opened to the public for some weeks, it is antici pated that it will be a favorite place of resort, especially when arrangements are j completed for a series of promenade con I certs. The drapery paintings around the exhibition room are representative of winter scenery in the mother country. 