CHATS WITH THE CUP JOCKEYS. the winning jockey's version- > Malun, after loading the procession by tho Lawn, was reined in by Roborteon at tho weigh ing ttand. Tho jockey sprang off, almost into tho arms of a mass ot admirore; for although the horse is not beloved like Commotion, bat is only aamitod, Robertson is reoognlsed on all hands as a coming rider, bound probably to snatch the bluo ribbon of the profession, Straggling away from the embracos of bis effa- eivo friends, and tbe yet moro furious enthu- sioets who had won their hnndrods and thou sands on Malna, Robertson tripped up the etopatotbo weighing maohino, wbioh is em blazoned, in brass, with "Preieoted by R. Goldsbrough and Co.," juit as tho inammotb ticker, tbo minuto clock, which timcB tbo racos in view of tho wbolo Lawn, ie marked connpiououely with tho namo of iU presenter. With tho littls racing saddle hung over hie arm, also the bridlo, saddlo. cloth, and all oitriod on the horeo'd book, Robertson walked upon tbo maohino, and emilicgly aweitod tho verdict, Tho obseqalou olerk regulates tbo little lob of brazon wolght along the poteod »tecl yard, and it ia stoudy at tiro correct fignr?. Possibly, it might havo beon modo to flatter a ttifD, as a toatbor ie blown, even it Robertson had loot hie cap, Meonwhilo wo study Malua on ho stands panting and naked. Ho is a very poouliav horor, and woe quite as calm when ho wont out aa Lso is now, hardly ooudoBoending to turn ono long oar forward to notice tho doliriura of tho immrnso crowd wbioh woltcrs round him. Critios remark on tho hugo quartora of tho horso, bis coropaot ritbiog up, good stills, and splendid feet. Hie lustrous eyes show no whito, for bo docs uot dream of lashirg out with his heelr ot tho mob of worshippers, who jostle right upon hie haubcbcn. Tho doop cut linos on his lupi show tho treiniog bard an steel, His wither twitched whoa Mr Iuglis, the owner, affootionatcly grasped the wisp ot blaokhair upon its ridge, as thorgh to mount egiia for a Oaotfl j Id Cap. "Good jo b yon Cidu't ride him yourself," says o friend of that typo, whom Sir Fretful Plagiary dencrlbid as "confoundedly g'od natnrcd," only be used a etrongor word thun confrundodly, A faithful rotaiuer has bold of the horso by the foralook, ehiftiug to an easy cliup of tbo nook. Watt ot omouat of lovo is lavished on thin animal, and it appears to return none, Pirhopi he does not peroeivo hio human friend. Our friend Mr Rvbirtson, tho j >okey, a very quiet, reepeotablo, wiry little follow, hes beon escorted by a rush of wild ccnbaur worehipuors rouud to tho jookoya room.QYour roportor was thero boforo bim, and pitohod nt firut on the wrong jookoy, for they aro so much alike— didn't kuow Oiurar from Pompoy, Wo boguu to pour our corgratulations on Commotion's mdor, wboao coantonanco was a study in tho art of sarcasm, after he bad whippod bis silk juckst over bis head, and was oooliug bis heated braio with prtfuro libations under a water-tap, " Grand race I Done it well, oh?" Yos, Power, you did do it well ; every bit as well ne anybidy. Man and horse wero faultless. " If we a<ronot oommaud euccgss, we will desorve it." But Robertson is tbo hero of the moment, ooly bo- oauso ho bod the horso whioh- was jostafow ouncon the best in tho right placo. For magnificent rldiog, Robertson and Pawor aro neck and nook. Everybody hoped to boo Tom Power land hie Molbourno Cup. Hkbald man, "I got away well. Nothing in terfered with mo throughout tboraoe, Malm came strong as a lion wheu I oalled on him." We suppose the whole thiug is summed up in those words, like tho Life of Shakespeare whoro tbo simple information, " He went to London and wrote ploys " is expanded Into hundreds of volumes. The publio seizes with avidity every scrap about thi9 Cup race, and we muet try to pieoe together what Rsbertaoo, Power, Hales, O'Brien, and tbe aoora of other jookeya have to say. What a etady is the j lokeya' room, aurl we have here a virgin field lor description, It is a lung saloon, in a wooden building, with a line of seats along the sido of each wall, all furnished with lockers. A' jockey, by de positing hall a guinea, oan have a looker aod key as long as ho plsaaos. There has beou a groat deal of fanoy staff writton about jookeys, Lazy writers, who profer imagination to fnots, keep on reproducing oil tho stalo pictures given by Nimrod, Tae Diuid, Craven, Daibwood, and tho orack writers of a post generation. It is the Bame with tbe genoral surroundings of the raoo course. Things are deBoribad, year after year, which have long vanished. As to the jookeys, we had nearly all tbo boat known in Viotoria, or it might bo said Aus tralia, under our eye in the dreBBiug room aftir the Melbourne Cap was run. They are not— all of them— membirs of tho Y.M.O.A., but they aro more decent looking, and better behaved than an average selection of the same number of young mon out of any trado yon like to name. What is tho use, then, of writiog tbo modern jockey down as a pot house hanger on 1 Tho Cup riders were not at all on their good behavior whon wo walked through the as there were no visitors present bat their o>vn cronies. Yet wo did not hear one of tbe riders swear, alter all the tremendous excitement of tho race, although it must be said that a few of their admirers were good on the language, Now for tbe race itself, a summary o! jookey gossip. Everyone sgrees that on the wholo it was shout the fairest run Melbourne' Cap ever known. The start was undoubtedly the beet on record. Nothing snatched an nndue advantage, and nothing was left badly at the poet. The horses stretched right ao<oa< from fence to fence, behind tbe chalked line, bnt as to what got in front at the ohorge it is impossible to Going up the straight, they gradually began $9 lie towards the favored in side, The jockeys o.u Sigoor, Hilltop, and Tbe Plunger all thought they bad the thing in band, each imagining tbav be was going to do tbe Harioot and Zulu triofcv Instructions to yet in front at all hazards, aflu koep there, as tbo only ghost of a ehow, wero faithfully car ried out. An attempt to foroe up .Tremando failed, BBtbe horse was dazsd and puzzled by tbe rook, Hales felt that Bargo Odld not or would not do anything. Neither of tb4 stable companions bad his day ont on this oo- i oaelotr, Tho former riders of Melbourne Cap winners engaged in this raco wrra Pig) it, who rods Harioot and Chester; Williamson, who rodo Martioi-Henry ; Hale,, who roda Grand Fianenr ; Gougb, who rode Zulu ; and Crack nell, who rodo Dam well. Pigott now had tho mount on Tho Pluogor, tho same horse whioh gave bim snoh an injury in the oannon that proved fatal to Delusion in tho trial gallop, before tbo Melbourne Stakes lavt yen. Pigott was fairly satisfied with the Plunger's running yeitrrday. Tbo horso went strong and honest. Young Gough was oo Brown and Roeo, and felt it wbb a forlorn hop, all along of doing tho Zaln business agaiu. S immy Orack- , noli piloted Hippogriff, and oraoksd him along ns well as over ho would go, A quaer-looking, sandy-bearded, little, old-faihioned boy Is Sammy# The most conspicuous oolor were the aorid green and red oap spoitrd by. tho boy on Bat tailous, Tboy afforded a landmark all through tho rao«, Signer's bright-dyod aoarlofc was very oatcbiug for tbe eye, to". Tho white of Off Oolor enabled everyone to seo with lorgnettes, from the Stand and Hill, that ho hung behind on the post. Mooro did aUhe could to shove tbo hotsa off, but he hesitated, and perhaps spoilt bis chance thus, -v Power boa nothing bet praise for old Commotion Murphy's jookoysbfp on Plausible was very good, and, as be says "Everything oan't win,' The second and third of Commotion and Plausible, both owned by Mr Pearson, speaks volumes for their haudliug, both by tViiuer and jookeyB, M'Grade, who war so awfully near it in tho straw oolorud jacket on First Water, lest y<ar, found hiraislf disappuiotod in Hastings. Bo could not feel at liberty on the horse. That skilful rider O'Brlon was tiusted with Vergy, who began well, bnt died away. The bone appeared to be nervous and flustered Uke so many mon, The jookey could not feel that bis mount responded to bis own eagerness. Trahav, who rode Commotion in his third for tbe BLCup last year, was on Bon nie Bee, Ho gauged that it was not his raoo long |bef ore turning in. Claptrap, ridden by Craoknell last year, now carried the gorgeous maroon and gold upon Irving, as the jockey. Tho hurse seemed rusty, and as if his hiugeB wanted oiling. Nicholson had a bit of a obance on Hilltop, and gavo satisfaction to hie omployor, Mr Jacobs who failed to grasp tho double of Darby and Cup, having got the first lfg in with Rufcs, as complete an outrider as Hilltop. But, said Robertson, it's all summed up in a nutshell. I got away well, kept in a good position, and the game horse oame when I asked him, and won as ho liked. A grand rsro, sir, with grand oattlo, and a grand course, ia grand time, with a gratid crowd of ppeotators, and I am glad I won 'it. That's all. 