DI A LOG thiS. OF THE. DAY. World.) Natural J urisphudexce. ScENE: The principal bedroom of Mr. Justice Giiil'i'nu'a villa at Blaker. Time, 3 a m. His lordship is discovered in bed, snoring the sleep of the just. The Is aroused by the entry of Mr, W ILLIIM SICKS. Mr. Justice Guippeu starting up in bed). Hullo ! Who's there Mr. William Sikes cheerfully). Oulyine, guv'nor. Mr. J. G. And who the devil are you, sir? Mr. W. S. You'll know soon enough, guv'nor sits down in an easy chair). My name's Sikes-William Sikes, of Hoxton. Your lordship knows me and I know you. You keep carpet and civil for once in your life, and you're all right. Ah ! ring the bell, would ye ? Try that again, and I'll crack your old head with the water jug I Mr. J. G. {livid with indignation). Leave the room, sir ! Mr, W. S. (pleasantly). Ah, you always used to like to get rid came in a hurry. No ; 1 ain't going to leave the room, and it's no good your calling your servants. Two of them are engaged in the cellar, the teacher's in the swim. And the women-folk are in bed with the sheets over their heads. First of all, let's make ourselves comfortable. You're a good judge of a cigar, you are extracts a choice regalia from his pocket, lights it, and mixed himself a stiff glass from a spirit-case on the table.) Not, look here, you old pig, do you know me now ? You've had me to rights once or twice ; it's my turn now. Mrs. J. G. You will pay for this, sir ? I never forget a face. Mr. W. S. Don't you ? Now, take care ; none of your violent language. You've more to thank me for than you know of. I've two pals with me in this job. You gave one of 'em four-and-twenty not so long ago, and he wanted us to tie you up to the bedpost, shove a towel in your old mouth, and give you four dozen. He'd a-done it if I hadn't stopped him. I says, " No, I says, " no unnecessary violence ; his lord- ship 'nil do what's right and square. Let's act judicial," says I. Mil. J. G. You insolent blackguard ! Not so long ago you would all have swung for this. Mr. W. S. with a broad grin) That job would a-suited you, my lord. Don't I see you at it, rolling it out, " place from whence you came, proper place of execution, all the rest of it ! I've heard you never take to your dinner so kindly as after a good hanging match. Toil, a judge ! Ugh ! What was her blessed Majesty about? assumes an expression of intense disgust, and expectorated freely.) Mr. J. G. I will not bandy words with you, you ruffian. Take what you want, and leave me. Mr. W. S. Easy does it, guv'nor. I'm a-going to 'ave a little talk to you improve the shining hour, you know and if you ain't civil, blower! if I don't pass the word, and we'll see how you like a dozen or so. Lord ! I wonder at my own meekness, I do. But there I always was tender-hearted. Changes suddenly from banter to ferocity) Look here, you bald-headed old viper, 'or long have you been a judge ? What, you won't answer? (arises threateningly from his chair.) Mr. J. G. (with an effort). Nine years. Mr. W. S. (producing a piece of rope, and tying knots in it abstractedly). Yes, and you took to the work natural. You've never missed hanging your dozen a year and as for the stretches you've ladled out, if you was to add them together, Methoosalum 'ud never see through it. I've a good mind to give you a dozen, I have. (Swings the rope meditatively.) Ain't yer ashamed of yourself, you vindictive old sneak ? (Passe and silence, during which Mr. Sikes mixes some more brandy-and-water.) Mr. W. S. (continuing). And you, too ! you putting down crime ? Why (with intense disgust), there wasn't a bigger man than you about town, and I believe there ain't now. I know yes. I was in that little job at Brompton, I was- Linden Lodge. Yes, I see you remember. You was Mr. Sergeant Gripper then, and I owed you one, young as I was and so, when we'd collared the swag, I stuck all your papers on the fire. Weren't you in a stew next day in court 1 Mr. J. G. (viciously). That was you, was it, you dog 1 Mr. W. S. (slapping his leg). Yes, guv'nor and 'ere we are again. (Laughs.) Well, I never see a judge in a night-cap before. (Thoughtfully.) I should like to see it drawed a little lower down, and this 'ere bit of' rope below it. (With sudden ferocity.) You hung my own uncle, you did, you old butcher ! a better man than you any day. His wife and children was fond of him, and that's more than you can say. And then you talked so precious big about gambling being the root of all evil. Why, I'm told you play higher than any of the note in your lot, and I seen you with my own eyes planking it down in fifties on the cloth at Doncaster. Ugh ! I'd like to make yer get the proclamation again fine and immorality by heart, like the kids do their Catechism. Mr. J. G. Have you finished, sir 1 Mr. W. S. I soon shall, my pippin. The best of' the swags in the cart by this time. That's a nice watch o' yours (rising). Mr. J. G. (with something like real dignity). Leave that watch, you scoundrel Mr. W. S. (opening the case). Gay you by Lady Gripper. Ha ! Well, I can't 'el]) it, although yer feelings does yer credit. You turned my uncle of, you know. (Attaches the watch to his waistcoat.) Studs-ah ! and links. Now, just take off them rings, becos if I have to help you, I might hurt yer. (Looks about the room, restores its contents to the dressing-bag, and snaps the lock I think that's all them candlesticks are only played. I don't want yer lordship's letters (avainining Mr. Justice Gripper's coat). Yes ain't so much cash about yer as I could a-wished. Hows'ever (pocketing money and notes), every little helps. This vere's good gold, I'll lay (taking up set of artificial teeth) You'll miss these were over your toast this morning. Well, I must be a-going. Mr. J. G. (retaining composure with great effort). You shall pay for this yet, you impudent villain Mr. W. S. (nwn night). Now, you just show that bad language, 'cos I won't have it not even from a judge. And you look : 'ere composes his face into an expression of mock judicial solemnity), Joseph Gripper you're a man of desperate character! You're a bald-headed old sinner. You've gambled and you've rushed enough for a dozen. Yer never did a good , turn to anybody in your life and yet never will. There ain't a soul who knows you who don't wish you was dead. There's some of the judges shaking his head pro- foundly) your companions in guilt as try to be gentlemen in so far as their 'horrible course of life allows of it. You've never tried to be a gentleman-it ain't in yer. How you came to be a judge I don't know. If you had your rights, you'd be doing time Don't get purple in the face, and don't shake your list at the court, or the court '11 be shaking its list at you. Lord ! I've heard you so often I can do the trick quite natural. Let to-night be a warning to you for the rest of your sinful old life, and be thankful the court hasn't given yer that three dozen. Here Mr. Sykes lights a fare- well cigar and becomes grave.) Look you here, Mr. Justice Gripper. When I was a boy, your father gave me a month for stealing apples. I wasn't twelve. I picked up in the leg with a lot of fellows as was bigger than myself. When I came out, what was I to do ? Nobody 'can have a word to say to me. Then you prosecuted mc at Quarter Sessions, and made it as hot as ever you could for me. Larceny of a coat it was, and I got eighteen months. Next time I see yer you was Recorder, and next time I see yer you was at the Old Bailey. I'm a thief, I know I am ; but strike me blind if I ain't a better man than you are I ain't so mean, I ain't so greedy, I ain't so spiteful and venemous, and I ain't such a liar : I'd scorn it. Now; I'm going to lock yer in, and I hope before you die you'll have a visit from my poor uncle's ghost, as you made so many jokes over. I see you a-grinning now, you old wolf. casts his eye round the room.) Nothing more. If you dare to make any noise or to open your mouth for the next ten minutes, I'll come back and stop it for you for once and for all. Blows out the candle, shuts the door after him, locks in on the outside, and descends the stairs ) The reflections of Mr. Justice Gripper are for some time not marked by that lucidity, logical precision, and exactitude, nor have his ejaculations that dignity and solicitude of expression, upon which he has so often been complimented by the public press. 