[?] 4 r,f: <Wtftrij:s(on Ths Leadm.) V S&GxT.; ' \- CijAl'iEh X. : The next morning tho countess . made her ' appearance nt the Palazzo Bnlbi at an un- : nsually carly hour. She embraced Evelyn with much tenderness, telling hor at the same timo how delighted she 'was to hear ol what had taken place; hew sho felt Evelyn wonld bo poor Carlo s good angel, and saying many more sweet and.pleasant tilings. The girl "was still in her first feeling of astonishment and gratitude that snch a' man Bhould.loyc her, and this she confided to the countess. " I know sB little ; I have none of' tho ac complishments of tho women I10 has mixed with. Less than two years ago I was an ig- ' noraut country girl, who had novcr beon: twenty miles from her homo. And now hp, who might marry any woman, has chosen me l Ob,' I will try so hard to improve and, to.be worthy of lnm 1" On hearing this the countess did not know . whether to smile bitterly or to weep. Out wardly she did neither, bnt Rat calmfnud /'gra cious, holding the girl's hand in her own,, and smiling sweetly upon her. Later in tho day tlio old count called, and although bo reminded Evelyn that alia was about to enter one of the proudest and noblest families in Italy, bo did it with such taot that, instead of feeling wounded; Evelyn felt more grateful than ever for his goodness in consent ing to reeeiye her as Ms daughter. ' Of course Evelyn bad at onca written to heir ' uncle John, telling' him of her engagement, and sho was now anxiously awaiting Ilia reply. In a few days it arrived, and ran as . follows ; — ' , Air drah Niece,'— Nothing but a severs attack . of my old compliant, tha gout, prevonts ny bus- " toiling to Romo insteiid of sending this letter.. I want t soo with my own eyea the man yon bave: clip ten for a husband. I ha«e made some in— ' jsuiriea abuut- him hero in London, and I findf hij Thplongs t-> on'odf tna' best- fani;!:;;bi Italy. also bear ha will inherit un estate in TuSlianyu- So far so goad, bnt I should like to k- ow some thing of tho private character of tha man my. nieos is about to merry. 1 know how difficult it is for a woman to make innuirios on such a point ; therefore I must ask you 011 no account to think of marrying until 1 find myself fit to travel and - can join you n Rome, which I promiso .von I will . do ub soon us I possibly can. At prosont I am uu- abia to moro. What 1 wish to impress upon yon is Ill-it your marriage ma t - n no account tako pi -co until I have had an intorview with the young count and his father ; and I think when I tell yon that 1 am only crrying out, in demand ing this, tho express wi-bes ef your dead father, I need say no mora to indues you to accqde to- wliat I desire. ThiB letter reached Evelyn about the end of April, and it was thou docided that if her undo did not rcaoh Homo buforo Juno she and Jean slionld go to Florence, and remain there until iio should be able to join them. The liagazzis, at least the Countess and Carlo, would also take up tlioir abodo there, whilst tho old Count would alternato between his estate nnd Florence. Carlo bad nnggeated that Evelyn and Jean should return to England, that he should follow with the count and countess, and that after having seen Evelyn's undo tlioro tha marriage should nt onao tako place, but tbo conntess had strenuously opposed this proposition, say ing that sho did no fool equal to the jonraoy, and it W03 then finally decided that they should await tha arrival of Evelyn's nnole iu Italy. And now followed, for Evelyn, somo of the sweotcst and bitterest days sho hod ever known. Wo may talk as we will of putting the man bofore the manner, but iu spite of the universal appreciation of a sincere and hone9t character, who can deny that in the inter course of friends, nnd Btill moro so, of loyors, tho power of expression is of inestimable value ? It is one thing to have to tell yourself that such a man or woman loves you; it Is an- other and far sweater thing to hare that per- ton express it by nnoxpected glanoes, by low tones, and tho thrill of passion in the roico, br'ahnndred little thoughtful attentions, by utemating moods, which you seem to have tho power to sway at will. .Who shall daro to say £n this charm can never go with perfect sin- perity and honesty? No one I Bhould think, but wo constantly hear them placed in opposi tion. To bo sure the combination is rare, flmost impossible, amongst Anglo Saxons, hut Mien it does exist, then and then only do yon End the perfect lover — the lover that most women have dreamed of, and who is as rare 3—tiio ideal woman ! . Evelyn thought she had found thiB roc's egg, sridfsvas for a time in Paradise. Carlo seemed A) live but for her, to be absorbed in her, and yet was never too demonstrative — too exacting. He was constantly at tho Palazzo Balbi, which, In deference to his Evelyn's love of flowers, he caused to bloom like a garden. Sometimes, if Bhc:had gone with Jean to do a little feminine shopping, on her return she would find that, with Julietta'a assistance, he had mado the toftm look fairy like with its floral decorations. His voice, too, was a constant source of delight to her. For hours ho would sing, making Eve lyn familiar with all that is most beautiful in (Tlallsul music, Happy Evelyn 1 she seemed to live in a perfect atmosphere of flowers, song and love. Tho firat jar in this harmony arose from her discovery that Carlo was inclined to he terribly and unreasonahly jealous. At the very top of the palazzo, of which Evelyn and Jean occupied the second floor, the rooms hod been subdivided, and were let at low; rates. One of them was occupied by a young Eoulptor, a handsome Italian, but little fnorp than a boy', whom Evelyn and Jeau used to meet frequently on the stairs. For some Weeks lie merely raised his hat, and flattened himself, most unnecessarily, against the wall — for the stairway was broad — whilst they passed. After a time he used to smiie and venture a "firm glorno," and Evelyn onco said to Jean that she was beginning to look upon their fellow lodger as quite an old friend. Then they missed him for more than a week, and it occurred to Jean that ho might be ill, for Bho had remarked some time before that he was looking Very thin and pale. Antonio, the courier, Was sent to make inquiries, and it tnrned out that Joan's surmise was correct. Tho poor boy, whose friends were all countiy people living at ft distance, had been lying in his room for eight or ten days (intended, and almost starr ing. " Jean at onco took him in hand, and in spite of his feeble remonstrances procured all that was necessary for his ease and comfort. Evelyn also visited him, and their atten tions were never relaxed until ho wa3 strong enough to go to his work again. Thorn who know anything of the Italian nature will tealiso what a flood of gratitude they had brought down upon themselves. The poor boy would have died to serve them, He soon discovered Evelyn's love for flowers, and Bcarooly a day passed without some inexpensive little offering making its appearance. Carlo had more than once seen the lad on tho stairs, and on one occasion,' when Evelyn had spoken a few kind words to him, had looked excessively annoyod, but had said noth ing. Xt had occurred to Evelyn, for an instant, that Carlo was angry, hut as she could not gine tho cause, she conoluded she must have n mistaken, and dismissed the thought from her mind. Some little time after this Carlo was pre sent when a basket of violets arrived for Evelyn, with tho "grateful compliments" of the young sculptor. Much to Evelyn's surprise. Carlo turned livid with rage, and threw the flowers out of tho window. How dare he presnino to send you flowers. The impudent panper ! I will strangle him if he dares to do Buch a thing again 1" ' Evel JS&'as shocked beyond measure. All the colurlbit her face, and she sat perfectly still, her Hps slightly parted, her eyes wide open, and fixed on her lover's face. He paced up and down the room for a While execrating the hoy in Italian, and quite oblivious of the terrible Bhock he had given to Evelyn's feelings. Suddenly ho caught sight of her white and frightened face, and jnst as suddenly liis mood changed. He flung him self at her feet, enreating ' her to forgive his violence — it was his ex cessive love for her that bad causod it; he - kissed her hands, and almost wept. Poor Evelyn heaved a shuddering sigh and forgave him, but allthat night lay raokod with nervous headache. This was only the first of many such scenes. Carlo resented, in the same mad, unreasonable fray, any attention tho girl received in sqpiSty, until she felt quite friah'.tacd if Mother iaan siv>J;s uer| and at fast shrank mm going out at all. Chatter XI. After the first few weeks of their engage ment had passed Evelyn's lover was not so much with her. Ho had frequent business that called him from Homo, and sometimes he was kept away for two or three days. It was during one of these absences that Jean, returning from an errand of mercy, was greatly surprised on passing the palazzo in which tho Morchese Bordoni lived, to see him alight from a close carriage and, after banding the Marchese out, follow her into the house. It cvas almost dark, but Jean was positive she bad made no mistake. ' She felt mystified and troubled. She know that report hod coupled the names of Count Carlo and the Marchese together, but she bad givon but little atten tion to the matter, thinking that, at the worst, it had probably only been a foolish flirtation, Dver long before she and Evelyn had come to jtomo. She was puzzled as to what she had better So, £>be was loth to disturb Evelyn's pcaoe by telling her what Bhe had Been. She naturally shrank from causing mischief between the lovers, but she felt indignant with Curio for his deception, and after thinking tho matter evor, she determined to say nothing to Evelyn about it, but to. take the first opportunity of letting tho young count know that she had seen him. " Evelyn !" she began, that evening, deter mined to make sure of her facts, "did not Count Carlo tell as he was going into tho coantry for a few days 1" "Yes, Jean, on business for bis father. Why do you ask t" "Oh, beoause I thought ho said so,butI was not quite sure !" The next day Carlo made his appearance, and KreetodErelyn with his usual graceful effusive- MM, Jean watched him with a hard, auspi- cious eye, Later on, finding herself alone with him, ehe nt once attacked him. " You were not many miles from Heme lost evening —wore you Count Carlo V " Oh yes, dear Miss Murchison, fully fifty." "Then you must have a dupplcgUngcr iu Home, and I saw him just before dark in the Via del Babuino with the Marchese Bor doni." Her eyes were fixod on his face with an ex pression of the keenest scrutiny, hut Carlo novcr moved a mmcio. Ho retained the inno cent smile with which he had answered tier question, and now Bhook lib head, and answered, decidedly, "No, you could not have seenmc, fori was far away at that time." "I did see you, Count Carlo," answered Jean, indignantly, "and it isusolcss your try ing to deceive me." At thb moment Evolyn entered : " Come, my dear love," said Carlo, laughing, "and defend me. Mus Murchison declares she saw me in Borne lost night, and. will not believe me when I tell her I was fifty nriiea away at the time she speaks of." Evelyn looked from one to the other, in por- plexity. Jean left the room, and the lovers, or at least one of them, soon forgot the littla incident Jean, howovcr, did not forgot it It aroused a latent mistrust of Count Carlo in her mind, and she found herself longing more and more for the urrival of Mr. Forrester, Evelyn's uncle, in Borne, that the responsibility of the guardianship of the girl might be taken from off her shoulders. Later on, another incident occurred that put the climax to her embarrassmout and trouble of mind. Her little dog, that always slept in her room, was missing one night. She only discovered its nbsonoe jast as -she was pre paring to go to bed, aftor writing a letter. Sho went softly out of her room, making no noise, lost she should disturb Evelyn, who had retired about an hour before. She looked up and down the passages, but the dog was nowhere to be seen. The thought then strnck her that probably it had followed Connt Carlo when he had left that evening, and had been shut out iu the courtyard. She ran downstaira and opened the door. She looked about, giving an occasional low whistle, bnt no traco could sho find of the missing pet. She was just about to return to the house when she saw that the gate that led from the court yard into the little garden was standing open. Perhaps it was there. She ran up tho steps, and was about to coll tho dog when her attention was arrested by the sonnd of the low murmnr of a man's voice, and what struck hoc as sup pressed weeping, proceeding apparently from a woman. She stood, in much surprise, by the little unused fountain, near tho entrance, whilst the voices drew nearer and noarer. Potrified with astonishment, she suddenly rccognisod one as that of Count Carlo, and almost at the same moment Bhe aatv two figures issue from the gloom of the orange trec3. She was at once seen by them, for with a sis .'lit exolamation, the woman, who was wrapped in a large cloak, with a veil or Uandkerohief over her head, ran quickly past her and disappeared in the court yard, Tho man obo vanished in the shadows of the garden. Jean harried after him, but was only in timo to seo the outer gate, whioh was connected with a narrow aide street, and which she had never seen open before, hastily closed. That the man was Count Carlo she had not the shadow of a doubt. She knew that soft, fnll, rich voice too well to be mistaken. What did it mean ? Only an hoar before, after an evening of even unusual charm for poor Evelyn, he had taken a tender loave of her, and she, calm and happv, was doubtless dream ing of him and of his love for her. Poor dupo I What an awakening she would have I The hot, indiga&at; tears filled Jean's eyes ns sho thought of tho man's vile hypocrisy. Jean, strong minded as sho was, felt utterly overcome. She Bat on tho edge of the fountain basin, and wept in true womanly fashion. The broken-nosed guardian ot the waters, once beautiful, now grotesque, so mutilatod was it, and weather stniucd, seemed to look at her with dorision. "Ah yes!" thought Joan. " Many sucli a scene of treachery havo you doubtless witnessed in this land of liars and traitors 1" Who could the woman bo ? That was tho next thought. Evidently some one living in the house. The first floor was occupied by a Bussian lady, whose French maid had always strnck Jean as being a flights'.- meet reprehensible yonng peuKo. ' Her efforts to attract tho attontl.o'n of Antonio, the courier, hod not Gci'ped Joan's vigilonco, and she hod rejoiced at the artful minx's failure ; for Antonio, having fixed his affections on sweet, modest little Juliette, was impervious to all assaults. Yes, that must be the woman, that French hussey ! Evidently her wickedness had brought suffering, else why was she weep- ing? But Carlo — that snake, with his grace and beauty and his false, treacherous heart — what was to be done with him? Evelyn must know the truth. Jean thought with weari ness that it was her duty to roveal it. With a heavy sigh, sho re-entered the house, and Blowly ascended tho stairs. On entering her room she was startled at eeeing Evelyn, in her long white dressing gown, with her pretty light brown hair falling over her shoulders, standing, apparently awaiting her. " Why, Jean, where have you boon ? Look ing for this naughty little doggie, I suppose. Ho was evidently conscicnco stricken, for he groaned in ins sleep, or I should never have known ho was under my bed, I knew you would bo distracted on missing him, so I brought him in at onco. But, Joan, what is the matter ; you look as pulo as a ghost ?" "Shall I tell her?" thought Jean. "No, no, poor child, sho shall pass this night in peace ! It will he timo enough to-morrow. I am cold, Evolyn, dear," alio said aloud, " I have gat a slight chill, that is all." " Thon you must havo some camphor, my dear old Jean, and got into bed at once, and I wiU tuck you up. Oh, Tiny, you ought to havo a good whipping, you naughty, little dog ! It is all through you that your poor mistr&s; is ill," Tiny wagged his foathery tail, and looked quite pleased to find himself the hero of tho occasion, Jean said nothing that night, hut the next morning she told Evolyn what she had scon, Evelyn tunned very white. However, die spoke bravely in defenoe of her lover. "You mu3t - have been mistaken, J ean. It oould not have been Carlo." "I was not mistaken, Evelyn. It was Count Carlo." " But you know, dear Jean, once before you thought you saw him when he was far away from Borne." Joan was silent. " But wo can easily find ont by asking him. If ho was there, as you think, depend npon it ho will explain why." " Explain I" thought Jean, with Bcorn. " He wiU lie himself out of it, as he did out of the former accusation." At this moment the countess was announced. Graceful and smiling ns usual, sho entered tho room. " I am the bearer of oliarming news," bIio began ; " but what is tho matter with yon two? You look disturbed." "Oh, nothing, desr Countess. At least only a trifle. Jean was just telling me that she saw Carlo in the garden, talking to some woman, who wns wecpiog bitterly, ain hour after ho had taken leave of us, and I say she must liave been mistaken, that it could not have been Carlo." "Do yon happen to know what the time was when you saw, or rather thought you saw him, Miss Murchison?" " Yes, I can tell you almost exactly, for I made a point of looking at tho ciook oa re entering my room. It was just half-past eleven." "Then yon were mistaken," said the conntess, calm and smiling, " for at half-past eleven, Carlo had been sitting for fully half an hour, drinking tea, and talking to me about Evelyn's perfections." " There !" exclaimed the young girl, laugh ing merrily. "That is conclusive. Yon nre wrong npain. vau dear old Jean. You will have to take to spectacles if you go on like this." Jean said nothing, but sat dismayed. Then this woman — Ibis oountess — she was false toe ! What was to bo done ? "I havo come to toll you tbore is going ti bo tho ball of the season on the 8th of next month — probably the. last of any importance, for Bome will soon be emptying now. I have written to Paris for a dross, and I would ad- vlso you to do tho same at once, as thero wiU not be too much time." " I will indoed," answered Evelyn, her soft cheeks flashed with animation. " I think it will be chnrmiog! And yon mast have a new dress, Jean. Let mo order it for you. Bnt, dear countoss, my nnclo wiH bo in Bomo on the 8th. Would it bo possible to got an invitation for him ? He might like to have a glimpse of tho Bomnn world of fashion." "Possible? Oliyo3, and quite easy. You are a groat favorite with Lady C ; wo will go together to call upon her this afternoon, and youshall.ask for tho invitation yourself." Chapter XII. Although anxious and excited by what had happened, Jean determined to possess her soul in silence until the arrival of her uncle. She was now convinced that Carlo was utterly false, and sho more than sus pected that the countess was his confederate in deceiving Evelyn. She fully realised tho uselossncBS of Baying anything to tho girl her self, knowing as sho did that Evelyn thought Bho had been twice mistaken. She felt how weak sho was against this artful insinuating man, and his olever Btep mother, and she could only look forward to her nnclo's arrival, when she would at once toll him of her sus picions that the young count was false, and trust to his knowledge of men, and superior opportunities of making Inquiries into tho young man's private character, to find out whothor she wa3 correct in her surmises or not, In tho meantime, preparations were going on gaily for tiie masked ball. It had boco arranged that tho guosts should all wear their masks and deminas until a certain hour, when they were to be thrown aside. Much amuse ment was anticipated from the mistakes that would ariso in the oarly part of the evening, and tho explanations that would ensue after the unmaskiog. Evolyn, after mnch deliberation, decided to go as Psyoho, and the Paris " artist" certainly carried ont a beautiful idea in tho dress, Jean's character was to be that of the Nurse iu Bomen and -Juliet. " The countess was cs excited as a schoolgirl over her preparations. She was nt the Palazzo Balbi at least once n day ; always full of this delightful bail, that was to be the ovent of tho season. This passion for pleasure in a woman of the countess's age continually surprised Evelyn, and filled her with kindly amusement. " After all, Jean," sho said, one day, " it is a groat tiling to be nblo to find hnppiness in trifles. Tlioy are so much more easily altainod than tho prizes of life, You must not be severe upon tho poor oountess. All women nro not born to be benefactors tu their kind, as you are, and, after all, sho is a sweet woman and a true friend." " Is she ?" thought Jean, savagely. " That remains to be seen." One morning Evelyn awoke with a Bong Carlo had been singing a night or two before running through licr brain. It was a delicious Italian serenade, full of moonlight, night ingales and love. Tho girl closod her eyes again, smiling at her own happiness. The calm of perfect oontent was upon her spirit, and sho lay thinking of her own bliss, and' of tho beauty and happiness of life. Aftor a little Bho began to wonder why Juli ette did not come to bring hor her tea and to npon the shutters. Thon, again, sho drifted off into pleasant revorie ; and then again be gan to wonder. At last sho looked at her watch and found to hor surprise that it was fully an hour aftor tho time at which Julietta was in tho habit of coming to hor. She rang tho bell again and again. At last there oamo a knock at the door, which she had already unlocked. " Come in I" she cried in Italian. No one entorod, and tho knock was rcpoated, " Come in, J uliettn," oho said, with some im patience. " It is not Julietta, signorina. It is I, Luigi." Now Luigi was the old servant who acted as butler. Aftor tolling him to wait a moment, Evelyn jumped out of bod, hastily pat on hor dressing gown and slippers, and opened the door. " What is the matter, Luigi ?".ahe asked in soma alarm, for the old man looked pale and disturbed. ' " I fear thero is something wrong, signorina," was tho reply. " Juliotta is not iu the Iioubb, : and hor bed has not been slept in." "Julietta not in tho houso — her hod not been Blopt in ! Why, what cau it moan ?" Tho old man looked mournful, and shrugged bis shoulders. ' 41 Whore is Miss Murchisou ? Send her to me." "Sho wont to tho- flower market early tliis morning, and and has not yet returned." In much perplexity, Evelyn dressed hastily. In the meantime Joan came in. "Evelyn, what is the moaning of thi3? "Where can Julietta be?" " I cannot itnagino. I nm going at once to see if she Blept at her father's house last night." They went in silent haste down the lull, to tho littlo flower shop. Old Fillipo wae tying up his littlo bouquets, as usual, and tho voice of the mother, who was evidently singing over her work, could be beard proceeding from the inner room. Julietta was not there — had not been there. Her parents had not seen her for three days. They grow very much excited when thoy heard sho was missing, and added terribly to the distress of Evelyn and Jean by their vio lence. It was nt last arranged that tho old people were to make sure the girl was not at the house of any friend .or relativo— that tho peopleatthePalnzzo Balbi were to be questioned,' and then, if no conclusion was arrived at, the matter wns to be placed in the hands of the police. "Ob, if Carlo were but hero!"' exclaimed Evelyn, as she and Jean toiled up the hill ngain with heavy hearts. 41 He said he would be absent a weolc, consequently ho cannot arrive until the day nfter to-morrow." Jena's face suddenly grow positively rigid, and she paused for a moment, as if for broath. An ugly suspicion had suddenly flashed upon her. Iu an instant many trifles, uncon-ciously observed at tho time of - occurrence, and Bince almost forgotten, rushed into her mind. Glances of admiration, an occasional unneces sary flattering word, . and above all that mysterious scene in the garden. That fiend Carlo was at the bottom of this mischief 1 With tho precipitancy of a woman Jean jumped at this conclusion and stuck there. But sho wisely said no word, knowing that to express Buch a terrible suspicion without boing able to produce facts in its support would only servo to arm Evelyn's soul in de fence of her lover, and probably coufirm her in the idea that Jean was unjust, even to cruelty. So tho poor woman held her tongue and ardentlylonged for hor unclo's arrival, That was a hateful day, both to. her and to Evelyn, full of distress and confusion. All the inhabitants of (he Palazzo had something to say about the matter, but it was all sur mise. Tile countess called in tho afternoon, aud was shocked to find Evelyn white as her dress, and in tenrs. Something of tho same rigid expression that, had appeared on Jean's face in tho morning hardened and stiffened the usually soft lines of that of the countess as she listened to Evelyn's tale. Inre- ply she said but little, andtookhcrdoparture ns early as possibla. Evelyn felt disappointed. "Perhaps sho dislikes to witm-as trouble. Ah, well, she is the mo3t charming woman in the world when one is in good spirits, and we must not demand too. much from our friends." A11 inquiries ns to the fate of the miseiug J ulictta failed to bring any new facts to light, and day nfter day passed without anything being discovered. 