PROVINCIAL SYNOD OF NEW SOUTH ! WALES. The House of Representatives met at a quarter past 4 o'clock, at the Church Society's House, Phillip street, j es terday afternoon, the Ven. Archdeacon Child, M A (president), in the chair. After the usual devotional exercises, the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed QUI BIJOU The Rev. Canon Kelso asked the following question -. <* When will the report of the select committee appointed during the last session of the Provincial Synod in reference to St. Paul's College to find upon the table P The Rev Canon HEY SHARP, at the request of the chairman, stated that no report had yet been laid upon the table, and the committee, to the best of his knowledge, had governor He was glad, however, to be able to report that things had not been at a standstill The building was in thorough good order, and the accommodation available was nearly all taken up there was (immediate prospect of the enlargement of the building, and that when done would add materially to the accommodation for students A little more money was wanted- some five or six hundred pounds to carry out the work The members of synod would have gathered from the remarks of the Primate on the previous day that he was earnestly endeavouring to further the interests of the college The PiLKBiDEiiT said he thought it would be desirable for the committee, to meet and draw up a report CHIEF 01 UUblM.Sb The PRESIDENT said before the orders of the day were proceeded with he would like to point out that it was desirable that all mains in should facilitate the business by giving in duplicate copies of all motions they intended to submit. DllAl 1 CO>MITcTIO\\. The PrtrsiriEN r stated that on up to some mistake the communication received for in the House of Bishops the previous day had not been printed, but had been placed on the notice-paper as follows -"The c< liBeration of the communication from the House of llishipH with reference to Determination 1 of the general BJ and of 1081 ' For the information of members he would read the communication, which was as follows " The Ilounoof Bl hops having had under its considerationDoternihntion 1 of the general synod of 1884, directing the framing of a co institution for the Pro vincial Synod, province of New ""South Wales requests the House of leapt 35 stative be in point a committee to confer with them on the subject, with a now to the i reparation of a draft Institution for the consideration of members of synod "should they decide to form blemishes íntoacoufcr each for the framing of such coiiBtitutun " The Rev Canon SBXW AN said he thought the matter was of such importance that it behoved them to be very careful as to what steps the tool in regard to it. He should like to see the president followed which had been adopted on former occasions when the House of shops has courteously consented to come down to the House of Representatives to hold a conference with the whole house without going into committee that would conduce to the fuller fairer, and more satisfactory discussion of such a difficult question There was a great difficulty in connection with the BJ nod's approaching the matter at all they were not present as delegates from the dioceses to consider such a question. It had not been brought before them by universal reference from the diocese, and all they could do was to discuss it in the same way as they discussed the question of the incorporation of inn rch property. That question was discussed truth Provincial Synod the ordinance was sent back to the dioceses for approval, but at that stage it broke dqwnapd had to be taken up outside the Provincial Bvnodbv the Church in its various dioceses The diocese of Sydney took the initiative, brought in a bill framed by the Provincial Synod for presentation to Parliament, the other door Bes gave their consent, and the bill became law, and was now the law of the Church. That were the only satisfactory course they could pursue the matter 1 before them was so difficult that he desired that there should be an open conference between the two houses, in which all the representatives of the lower house could take part It was now for the house to consider whether it would appoint a committee, or whether it would request a i ones hence He would move, "That the house) do now proceed to the election of a committee, in order to bid conference with the other house with regard to forming themselves into a conference for the purpose of drawing up a constitution for the new Provincial Synod of The Very Rev. Dean MAHIUOTO asked whether it was competent to form a committee of the whole house Ino PliESiniM intimated that the committee could consist of not less than five, and not more than 13 members, who Boy F. D BODE, seconded the mention in order that it might more properly before the house, but at the same time he thought it was very discourteous to their lordships, when they made a request, for the house not to endeavour to niLot flint request. He thought that they should have first determined whether it was desirable to draw up a constitution for the Provincial Synod. the request of the House of Bishop B proceeded on the assumption that both house s had agreed on that point He thought, however, that after the committee had met and drawn up its report it would be laid before the house, in order that they might determine whether it would be desirable to have a constitution or not- It was he thought, desirable to form a committee c and it was the duty of the house to meet the wishes of their lordships The Rev Canon KING said he should like to point out that the Synod had already agreed as to the desirability and even necessity of framing a constitution for the uewPro annual Synod of the province of New South Wales, they had a so- called provincial M and which had two purposes and two pure], poses only, as referred to in the I Primate's address on the previous day li would be much better to get rid of a misleading mind, and remember that they had been asked to draw up a c instituted for a new body entirely unfair ered by regulations or Instil claims already assent d to According to the del commotion by which they had scoured the appointment of their resent biShop. it lUTolvcd the formation of a province of New South Wales it had been prescribed in the determination that as soon as possible the constitution should be drawn up, and therefore, us men of benno they should proceed to frame a cor stitution for the of B and of the province of New South Wales the Hon. ( HARLES CAMPBELL said he was sorry to find that he should be amongst such a small minority in object- ing, not to the appointment of the committee began to was most anxious to show every courts?) to be put the who occupied the p vision of M<troj.oliti>a but to the purport of the resolution for the appointment of the (commitee He did not object to the tub of 1 minite taken in the sense that the gentleman so termed should be quiet for the Year poses of the constitution, but if he was to unearthed that the gentleman who was their Mr tiutolitan (who had been received by the Queen of England as their Metropolitan, and received precedence from the Queen by her ran in hand) was to her cognised as I innate " if such was in contravention to the rights of the Archbishop of Canterbury, who was the only Primate that he, as a m ml i r the Church of England knew, he should Most certain ly object to It If they abandoned a total statue, and proceeded upon conaontial comp act then the result could be as follows -SuptOHlnc, he (Mr Campbell) and his roth r claimed to be members of the Church of Leyland, and refUsed to be members of the Church of Austin the They, in the first place, could claim the property which theY Did conveyed to the " United Church of England and iron and it had been stated from the Bench of the colony that BCIIIO ambiguity oMBted in consequence of that the love g retained. He was glad the jury had been crowned, still it was not here by an Act of the Irish Parliament but by on Act of the Parliament of New South Wales, therefore it was their legal title If Uicj obuiicioncd'ksai'ty and had recourse to more conponsual contract there would be nothing to prevent, us he had stated before, his brother and himself from claiming the property which they had given to the United Church of England and Ireland in this colony. He did not say that he should pursue such a course, as he was quite aware of the heart-burnings and the unpleasantness which might ensue He was only pointing that out as a warning to those gentlemen who were so fond of abandoning li salary, and having recourse to con- sensual contract of the unpleasant consequences in which they might ultimately end Every clergy- man of the Church of England was bound only by the laws and canons of his own church, and should any synod in this colony impose other conditions and other restrictions than those to which he was Bvbjcct by the ecclesiastical law of England, if he went into the Supreme Court they would not be of the slightest binding power upon him he could claim his rights as a clergyman of the Church of England, he would not be subject to any rules imposed a by self -blooded body in this country or any other British colony for that reason he (Mr R Camp- bell) hoped they would pause before they entered upon the course proposed by the Queen's letters patent or the 26th June, 1847, when the original bush price of Australia waudi\ldc<lintoiourdÍBtinotbishoprics Dr Broughton was appointed Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australasia. He had sold the house his reasons for objecting to the motion altogether. He did not think they should be acting witch, but thought that for a time they would be the laughing-stock, us the other si and would point and persons who were not of a very dnvotlonalmind might say that the two Synods reminded them of the railway and the tramway He did not think it would be wise to adopt any measure which was d ODIT produces smile of contempt When the colonies of Australia n had become an independent republic it would be come absolutely necessary for the Church of England in three COIOUICB to adopt some such course us that now propose d He would not move of any amendment, but would sutibtY himself by voting against the appointment of the committee. The PiiPsniEN is in reply to some observations made by Mes re Shepherd Smith and Gould, said the ho he would not be bound to accept all that the bishops might put BE upon them for SilEiHLicD SMITH bald he concluded that that house would commit itself to no principle Tvniilov or his sanction Ing a consultation between the two COUBIB He would therefore be glad to vote in favour of the appointment of the committee He would hear what the committee had to carry on its return reserving to himself the right to vote in any way he thought prof or Mr, GOULD said he held the View that the committee would have no power to bind this synod, or to adopt this line, that would find it and therefore he was quite willing that the resolution should be earned Mr W J 1 osiEu looked upon that simply as a matter of courtesy, and in that we who thought there ought to be no hesitation in agreeing to what the Bishop's denied He thought the actionaontunplalcd was outside the functions of the Provincial Synod The resolution was carried, and the following gentlemen were appointed as the committee to confer with the Bishops -Dean of Sydney Canon H King, Hon. Alexander Gordon. Canon Tyrrell, Canon Selwyn, Mr I A J- Gould, Archdeacon Pownall, Canon Druitt, Mr. 'J. S. Alexander, Archdeacon Greenaway, Archdeacon ROSS, Hon. G. H. Cox, Canon Bentzen. At a subsequent stage of the proceedings It was announced that arrangements had been made for the committee to meet the Bishops at half-past 2 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. Rev. Canon SELWYN, in rising to move the motion standing in his name,-" That the subject of the revision of the constitution be taken into consideration." said the fact was they were entering upon a career that bristled with difficulties. They were in such a position that they did not know whether they were standing on their heads or their heels. They did not know what business they could do, or what business it was desirable to attempt to do. Until that matter of the appointment of the committee was disposed of, it was impossible to say what it was in the least desirable for that Provincial Synod to attempt further, and therefore that motion standing in his name could only be dealt with in that way to any advantage, there were many members in that synod to whom their exact position was not known. Anyone who had not been for many years conversant with the work of the synod could not be expected to know what that position was He would just point out what their poor tion was. At the present moment that Provincial Synod had no work referred to it by all the diseases in this colony, and it could not pass any legislation unless it was referred to the Provincial Synod by all the dioceses. That Provincial Synod had been meeting under the constitutions for the last 18 years, but had never done one piece of legislation. It had been the means, indirectly, of bringing into operation one good law which was on the statutes of Parliament, but only indirectly and against its own constitutions., the Provincial Synod had had to do considerable violence to its own constitutions to bring about that -one solitary result. The Provincial Synod met together and determined to endeavour to cause to be introduced into Parliament a bill " to create corporate bodies of trustees in which the property of the Church of England in New South Wales may be voted." It was able to discuss the matter and report, although it could not pass any ordinance. It there fore proceeded to the discussion, and appointed a committee to draw up an ordinance to deal with the matter, with a view of it being eventually brought before Parliament. It went through the subject with very great care. After they had done the work they asked all the dioceses to give their assent. The diocesan synods were either unwilling or unable to give their assent ; no assent won obtained from all the dioceses, The Sydney Synod determined to introduce a bill into Parliament. As soon as they began their operations they got two other dioceses to join with. them, and soon as they commenced their operations the remaining dioceses of Newcastle and Goulburn, he thought, threw in their lot and so outside the Province met Synod and outside the notion of the Provincial Synod, but the harmony and in accordance with the expressed with of the Provincial Synod, that bill was passed through Parliament, and became law. Now he thought anyone would say that was not a happy way of working, and it was a mere farce for that synod to go on meeting year after year, and in on indirect way trying to pass. Lily. for the good of the Church. Ilo aid, therefore, say that those constitu- tions being objolutoly-so far as the Provincial Synod was concerned- unworkable, it was high time that that Provincial Synod should express it as its deliberate opinion that they ought to be revived. (Hear, hear.) Whoever was the author of the constitutions under which the Provincial Synod had been meeting, he did not think he could escape from one or other of the horns of this dilemma. Either they were so framed that they could never work, or they were so alarmed that they were intended never to work. He did not know which was the prompting motive; but one or the other had been the result. The only straight for ward course, the only course which could extricate them from the difficulties now besetting them-and difficulties would increase In an enormous proportion was to go to the Parliament that framed them and ask to be relieved from them, and to have been repealed. He do precated their going to Parliament to bind any constitutions. They had an inherent power and it would be mere cowardice and half-heartedness to say '-We cannot not unless we have the Parliament at our back He said they could act. Who was to prevent thorn, who was to find fault with them. (Hon. C. CAMPBELL Property.) Well, he said, with regard to property that the Church of England needed no more safeguard or Defence with regard to the tenure of their property, of property managed with the express trust which the deeds gave, than was already possessed by other religious organisations. It had the Supreme Court as its guardian. Let them not accept property which was not upon trusts which were consistent with the Church spirit and what was right. Although they had not legislated in the past their meetings had not been altogether fruitless. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. G. H. Cox seconded the resolution. The Hon. C. CA MICHELL said that the whole course of the reverend canon's speech was totally against the law in favour of lawlessness. (Hear, hear.) He felt certain they had not arrived at that state of mind that such a course as the rev. gentleman proposed would be acceptable to a majority of the Church in this colony. In the first place he must defend the Legislature, from an attack made upon it. The bill was originally Introduced In consequence of a conference passing certain resolutions, In accordance with which application was made to the Legislature of the day to pass an Act to embody some of these resolutions. The Legislature very wisely, as it appeared now declined doing anything of the sort, and fluid the only thing they would do was to give the Church power to deal with their own property. That Act was " an Act to enable the members of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales to manage the property of the said Church." There was not a word in the Act to give any legal force to the constitutions beyond that one point namely, to enable the members of the Church of England to manage their own property. He concluded by moving the previous question. Loan Council, M.A., seconded the motion for the previous question. Archdeacon GREENWAY, in supporting the original motion, said they did not want to abolish the constitutions, but simply to revise them. He did not see why the Church of England could not manage their own affairs and property. Canon KING supported the previous question. He could not BIG wherein the Provincial Synod had failed in its functions. If a piece of machinery was devised for a certain purpose, and they had no occasion to apply it to those pur- poses for which it was devised, wore them to turn round and say it won the worst piece of machinery possible because it did not do what it was never crossed to dof Could they not keep that ímu-liiiiery on the shelf ready for use whenever it might be required. The Rev. S. SIMM supported the resolution. He contended that their constitution-as had been stated by the mover of the resolution had a long history connected with it. And he thought it was a matter of reproach when they considered that so many years had been spent in labouring to introduce that which WOH in strict keeping with the recent sessions ability of the Church from its earliest ages, viz., synodical action. If that synod was to be called the Provincial Synod of New South Wales, what was the next synod to be called He contended that they were likely to got into further difficulties instead of procuring relief. He had much pleasure in supporting the motion before the synod. The Rev. W. J. K. PIDDINGTON said he thought the matter was somewhat complicated. There could be no question as to the necessity of the Church to refer to Parliament, for its motion in matters in connection with the question of property, and he did not think that Canon Sol w n In any way deprecated a reference to the Legislature In such matters; but in regard to matters ecclesiastical, as churchmen they took the position that they were entitled to meet and deliberate and legislate for themselves. It would be admitted that for the completion of their organisation there would be ed to be a Provincial Synod. They would need a constitution for such synod, and if they were to have constitutions they would have to make them. It was quite clear that The constitutions by which they were governed at present were in many respects: defective and inoperative, and they should at once set to work to perfect them, or substitute others for them. The only common-sense course they could take, if they found the laws under which they were acting inconvenient and obstructive, was to get themselves relieved of such train.s. He thought, therefore, that the present constitution should be revised, and that such revision could be made independent of the present proposal is to the framing of a new constitution. They had had experience of the working of the constitution, and if they could eliminate the defects he thought their labour would not be thrown away. The Hon. Aj-BXANDim GORDON contended that the Provincial Synod of the Church of England in the colony of New South Wales had done its duty, and he thought that any idea of going to Parliament with a story such as that proposed by the Rev. Canon Selwyn would be looked upon us a wild scheme. The same matter had been brought forward previously on two different occasions, and he hoped! the same steps would be followed on this occasion as had been followed with regard to it on those previous occasions, he should vote for putting the matter aside for the present. The Rev. Canon DRUITT said he agreed with the remarks of the last speaker, and would suggest the withdrawal of the motion. At the same time, however, he thought that the discussion had had the effect of clearing the atmosphere, and had proved, upon the whole, beneficial. The Rev. F. D. Bona pointed out that the object of the motion was to bring forth from those who were responsible for the new constitution of the now Provincial Synod some explanation as to how the two constitutions were to fit or agree with one another. He was sorry to find, however, that not a single word had been said upon that subject. The arguments put forth by the Rev. Canon Selwyn, ho contended, had not been answered. He thought, however, that when the proposed new constitution was before them, and they had an opportunity of discussing it, they would be able to judge for themselves what relation it bore to the old constitution. It would therefore be much better if the BJ and would allow the Rev. Canon Selwyn to withdraw his motion. Mr. Sur.i'iiEHD SMITH said he was willing to admit that there was in the diocese of Sydney a very conservative feeling. There was a feeling of her that in the Newcastle diocese there might be runaway tendencies and revolutionary ideas which might be dangerous to the Church ; but if the diocese of Sydney placed a drag upon the proceedings of the synod, and endeavoured to persuade the Church to march gradually, progress would be made. At one time he believed that they were placing the drag on over and over again too strongly; but when looking back now he was thankful. As far as the resolution was concerned he believed it somewhat justified the action taken by the diocese of Sydney in the past. He did not think the resolution was in itself straight. It was most indefinite. He should be very sorry to refuse to vote in favour of taking any portions of \- - -sea, away nil- uni- . 'i. s? , tap constitutions Into ooosfaaratlon troop their mounts. The mover of the resolution had referred to one point disconnection With the constitution, he had referred to the constitution of the so-called Provincial' Synod ; but what was the use of introducing a question of that kind to he simply discussed in the abstract, whom they had in obedience to the' wish of the Bishops appointed a councillor for the purpose of of considering that very question, so that having that question before them he could not conceive that the real intention of the resolution was to discuss the question of the Provincial Synod. He feared that the intention of the resolution was in the direction of that revisionary action to which he had referred ; they were old enough, independent enough, and big enough to manage their own affairs; they did not want to be controlled by the Church of England in England, or recognise higher Courts ; they wanted to get rid of the name "Church of England," and wanted to be the " Anglican Church in Australia," Such words had been spoken in that room for years past, and whilst be held that in the very nature of the case it would need to be the duty of the synods to review from time to time their constitutions ; whilst he charged of the inability of the Church in Australia to alter over the forms of her services in some respects, to got away from the detailed action of the Church in England; whilst he should be glad indeed to have what had been called trammels taken off this section of the Church of England when she was old enough, strong enough, and cautious enough to walk without the assistance of the parent Church, still he was not yet persuaded that the time had arrived. He was persuaded that the time would not arrive for many years when it would be safe to give this young Church the right to walk as a separate branch of the great Catholic Church of the world. He should be afraid that the Church in Australia would perpetrate a progress in excess of what would be really good for the Catholic Church, and a progress under certain tides of influence which the Church in future generations in Australia would find deep cause to regret. If, therefore, the object of the resolution was simply to sweep away the constitutions and leave the synods free to act as they pleased without any check it was well that they should it' determine to object to it. If such was the object of the resolution, he thought it should have been definitely stated. There WRS really in the heart of the resolution a desire to sweep away the Church Act and to get rid of all restraint ; but the time for that, he contended. had not yet arrived. if it were desired to sweep away the Church Act, and got rid of all legislation, than that ought to be stated right out. Much as he desired to see the Church Act amended In many respects, he said the time had not yet arrived when they dare go to the Parliament to wipe out that great big protection to the Church, and got rid of one of the greatest friends the Church ever had. (Applause.) He could not vote for that resolution simply upon the statements that had been made- He suggested that if the resolution were withdrawn it might be brought forward in a different form at a future period of the session. He might be found voting with the mayor if on another occasion he showed good cause for curing any evils he might define. Ven. Archdeacon KING hoped the day was far distant when the diocesan synods would be dictated to by other synods, Lo let them keep to the independence of the various diocesan si nods. Rev. Canon SELWYN replied. He said he was not revolutionary or lawless, as he had been accused of being. He was a great stickler for law ; but let it be wise law. The motion he moved was a peculiar motion under peculiar circumstances. They were not in a position to legis- late, therefore he thought it better to submit an abstract resolution. The motion had led to an important discussion, and in that way had done good, y o desired simply to lay down and to see that synod lay down and follow true theories. He should like to see con- stitutions properly bound upon the Church. The constitu- tions they were under were improperly bound upon the Church, and were not susceptible of alteration by the Independent notion of the Church. He did not think there was any danger to he apprehended of revolutionary clauses being adopted. He thought it was an anachronism to say that the diocesan synods should reign supreme and thought the diocesan synods would not endorse that proposition. He referred to the hetoiogenoouBnotB in the composition of the Parliament, in which there were members who were hostile to Christianity, and contended that under the circumstances it was not right that they should be compelled to go to Parliament for their legislation. The Church in the colonies could not be an integral portion of the Church of England, and she did not stretch forth her harm to govern the Church here. [Hon. C. Campbell : She does.] He must deny the statement. He did not undervalue communion and full union with the Church of England. He mentioned various points with respect to which the Church of England was identical with the Church in the colonies, but still the Church in the colonies had not the privilege of a common parliament, nor had they the legal Hoof a common law. Hon. C. Campbell": They bind you) What they wanted was the power of self-government. He referred to the Act passed with respect to the Church in Ireland, and said that they in this colony, Instead of acting in a BULOW spirit, were being guided by childish counsels. It was not worthy the Church of God to have to go to Parliament, which did not invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost. He moved that motion partly because they were in an anomalous position, and had no business to proceed with. He was perfectly willing to admit, that the motion was not in such a form that its adoption would lead to any definite result. He would, with the consent of the synod, withdraw it. The motion was, by consent of the house, withdrawn. CEMETERIES. The PRESIDENT announced the receipt of a message from the house of bishops to the effect that, in the opinion of that House, there was need for general legislation with regard to the Church of England cemeteries in this colony-, and recommending the appointment of a committee by both houses to take such steps as might seem to them necessary to promote such legislation. At a subsequent state of the proceedings it was, on the motion of the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, resolved that the subject of the niesWgo be taken into consideration on Thursday, taking precedence of all other business. WIDOWS AND Olll'ltANS OF THE CLERGY. Rev. Canon KING moved" 1. That it is most desirable that there should be in the province of New South Wales one common fund for the benefit of the widow s and orphans of the clergy. 2. That a select committee be appointed to consider in what way this may be most effectually accomplished, such committee to consist of the following members: Canon Soares, Canon Selwyn, Canon Kemmis, Hon G. H. Cox, Archdeacon BOBS, Mr. K. Jones. Hon. Charles Campbell, Rev. W. J. K. Piddington, Canon Benton, and the mover." Very Rev. Dean MARRIOTT seconded the resolution. After a considerable discussion, in the course of which a certain amount of opposition was shown to the proposal, the resolution was carried. The synod, at five minutes to 11 o'clock, adjourned until 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. NEW NOTICES. The Rev. Canon GUNTHER gave notice of the following motions: "That this so and desires to place on record its appreciation of the munificent gift of £10,000 by the Hon. John campbell, M.L.C., as an endowment to the diocese of Riverina, and its sense of the debt of gratitude which it owes for each gift;" also,-" That this synod hereby places on record its deep regret at the circumstances which have deprived it of the valuable services of the Hon. Alexander Stuart, M.L.A., its sincere sympathy with him and entering desire for his restoration to health. The Rev. Canon SELWYN gave notice of the following motions,-" That it is desirable to determine whether a tribunal of ii finance for the administration of ecclesiastical discipline should be declared by this synod." " I bet it is desirable that the various requirements of the Church with regard to the celebration of marriages, should be uniform throughout all the dioceses of the province," 