Experimental Burglary. A SEWEEMAN ENTEES THE BANK OF ENGLAND AT PLEAStTBE. DETECTIVES LAUGHED AT. THE SECRET POINTED OUT TO THE AS TOUNDED DIEECTOES. UNTOLD WEALTH EXPOSED TO THIEVES. Not long ago (says the Boston Oloee) the di Tectors of the Bank of England were nuch per plexed, and not a little amused when fee secre tary read to them, at their usual Bitting-, the fol lowing ill-spelt and somewhat mxrious letter: 'Two Gentieminjoff Bank England t Tod think yowis all safe hamd your Bank is seafeVbuti snows butfcur. I bin. hinside the Bank thee. last 2 nite hand you nose nuffin abowfc it. B % ran aot a theaf, bo ifyeowil mettme inthegret equar rom, warh arl the moneyls, »t twelf 2 nite He ixplainorl to yeow, let onlyl hor 2 cam aiown, and say nuffin to nobody.— Jon Smiff.' The letter having been duly read, was, a$ might be expected, the topic of conversation andv euggestionfor some little time. Others thought that under the apparently ignoiantly-written letter a deeper mystery was hidden; but all agreed that the safest way was to put the letter with proper instructions into the hands of the de tectives. The detectives looked grave. There ?was a plot at work, they saw j and -with the,ir usual penetration, they at once penetrated the deepest depths of the inq[uiry. M'H W TRTflAKlHaT^ BOOM. There is a very large room underground, where the huge wealth of the bank is deposited — mil- lions and millions of English sovereigns, bars of gold, and hundredweights of silver, with myriads of notes. The detectives, of course, knew that tjhis room must be the place which the writer o£ the letter designated as the ' gret squar Tom.' It is full of treasure. The floor is of solid stone pavement, and its walls, roofs, and doors, axe of wrought iron and steel. All tha night long detectives were secreted in the room, but they saw nothing and heard nothing, with the excep tion that some said they heard about 1 or 2 o'clock a strange noise they could not account for. The next night was the same, and the next, and when the hoard day of the bank came around the whole of fiie bank directors would have treated the affair as an idle attempt to frighten them had not their attention been more strongly called to the subject by the following incident: AN EXPEBIMEltTAIi BtrBGIilEY A heavy chest had been forwarded addressed to the*rDirfiotore of the Bank of England.' The chest was, of course, opened before them at once — such a thing being very unusual— and found to contain a large packet of* most valuable papers and securities which had been safely deposited in the vault. With them the following letter :— ' To the Direotors of the Bank of England .- Gen tlemen, my husband, who is an honest man, wrote to you hist week and told you that he had found a way, which he believes is only known to him self, of getting into your strong room, and offered if you would meet him there at night to explain the whole matter. He had never taken anything from that room except the enclosed box. You set detectives upon him and he took the box to show that he conld go there, whoever might watch, if he chose. He gives you another chance. Let a few gentlemen be in the room aloae, guard the door and make everything secure, and my hus band will meet you there at midnight. Yours respectfully, Eleen Smith.' THE DIBECTOBS ON WATCH. Ifctoletter waa more mysterious.than the last. The «aly thing that was evident was that the writer, Ellen Smith, was a better writer than her husband, who styled himself 'Jon SmifF.' The detectives were shown the letter and acted accordingly. Of course they were posted in the room. In the morning they told a strange story. They said they saw & light at about 12 o'clock. It seemed to come from a dark lantern, but directly they ran to the spot from whence the light proceeded it went out and the strictest search had discovereft nothing. The bank officials became alarmed. Tbey, however, agreed to do whatperhaps would hp,ve been wiser^if done at first viz., to depute a few of their number to visit the vault alone. So it wbs arranged that three gen tlemen should remain in the strong room all night, and that no oie else should be with them. Every suitable precaution was taken .when night came. The sentinel paced up and down outside ; the detectives wpre not far off ; and after the most rigorous Beofroh had bees made, the gentle men were locked in. At last one of them who paced the floor »thor impatiently, beginning to thins that perhaps, after all, it was only a clever trick, cried out :J'You ghost, you secret visitor, you midnight thief, come out ! There is no one here but two gentlemen and myself. If you are afraid, I give you my word and honour as a gentleman that Tfche police are not here. Come out, I say I ' THE/BTTEGLAB APPBAES. It was more inriest than in earnest that Major C, for he was a /military man, shouted out th« absurd speech, foir as we have 6aid, he began to suspect that, afjer all, some practical joke was being adroitly carried on, as had more than once before been perpetrated, and he did not much like being victimised himself. His astonishment however, was great when, in reply, he heard a strange voice, Baying s ' If you have kept your word, I will keep mine. Put oat your light, for I've one and X'll come/' The .major and his fellow directors did not like much 'putting out the light, but they were not cowards,.and, after some demur, it was done. Where the voice came from was, however, a mystery, for there was no hiding place in the room, every side being of thick, many-plated iron ana steel; the ceiling wSs also of the same material. When the light was out they waited in silence, while the Major grasped firmly in one hand a re volver and in the other held the lantern and a few matches. Bor a little while a low, grating sound was heard, and then a voice, evidently that of some one in the room, eaidt ' Are you there alone, sure ?' The Major, who cared nothing for bodily form, struck a match, and instantly a crash waB heard, and a low, smothered laugh. When the match was lighted nothing could be detected j no one was there. Again the Major called upon the mysterious somebody to come fortb|, and again a voioe wai heard, saying: 'How can I trust you now?' TheMajorwas angry.andbis companions alarmed, and af er trying in vain to trace the point whence the voice proceeded, exclaimed : ' Well, we'll put out the light again ; ooly; come quickly and put an end to this botherJ So Baying,'ha put out the -light again. THE SEORHT EXPOSED. A moment or two after the same grating sound was heard, then the falling of some heavy body, and the next instant a roan was visible standing in the middle of the vault with a dark lantern in his hand. Of course he jcame from somewhere, but the puzzle was — ho* ? A ghost could not have entered more mysteriously. The man soon epoke for himself, and tiVe directors, who were still at a loss to explaiin his presence there, listened in astonishment. It appeared that he was a poor man and obtained a pre carious living in a strange- way. When the tide was low it is the custom of a certain clasB of men, unknown to refined society, to enter sewers to search for any articles of value which may have been washed dowu into them. It is a very dangerous task, and, oi! -sourse, revolting in the extreme, but they not infrequently find very precious things hidden in tfho filth. This man was one of those strange adventurers. One night he had discovered an opening leading to some place above. There was at large square stone which he found could be ^aeUy raised. He listened for some time, and filing all was silent, lifted up the stone without mweh difficulty, jwd found, after some little investigation by the light of his lantern, that he wtas in the strong room of a bank. These Wen, like miners, can readily determine tlta exact spot of ground under which they laire, and he soon had a clue to the whole itajwtery. He told hig wife, who was a woman of ppperior education to his own, of the whole affair,! and hojthen wrote an we hvn Men to the dlreotow, Dowi» in the wwet he mm able to heir *U tfWr movement* »? w«U m it above ground, and linns wae not only able to know thefr plans, but ^frustrate them} and, of course, would watch hie tWe to remove the i mall but vAluabk box, to le*vo the letiw* on tb* t»ble, a^d 1» appear aoinyiteriouVlr. ffortftjii .fchoaght) af l«o£tof 1« thVtioit ^«nuM»t «M was supposed to be solid and immovable, as it was known that there were no vaults below, although the iron wallsand doors had been carefully tested. The mystery was now cleared up and the man well rewarded. 