Chapter II.—Under the Verandah, The church Delia of Nettleford were ring ing their Sunday'afternoon chime, filling the summer air with their deep tones, and silencing for a little while the talk that had i been goiDgon under the Wigmore's vetandah. Bound about the lawn the Gloire de Dijon roses were opening their rich hearts to the bees; masses of honeysuckle clung to the garden wall; the place was flooded with perfume and sunshine. Every house in the old High-street had its garden, and the win dows of Mrs. Wigmore's back drawing-room opened upon a little paradise of sweets, well kept, and sheltered from prying eyes by thick shrubs and fruit trees. The verandah was furnished with osier chairs and rustic tables; and here the mistress of the houie loved to drink her 5 o'clock tea, and'discuss confidential matters with her chosen friends. She was oho of the cosiest little women in the world. To her, men confided their losses and crosses; to enter her presence was to come within the region of armchairs, pleasant beverage, and perfect ease and comfort. She was small and' plump, with 'a clear white skin, kindly blue eyes, an undignified little nose,.: and smiling mouth, Women came to her with their perplexities, and had. great confidence in her sagacity; children sought her as a natural playfellow; old folks ' found that she understood, all their ailments and grievances. The heart of her husband did safely trust in her; and the course of Charles Wigmore's wedded life was likely to run smoothly from the altar to the grave. Not even their nearest relations had ever managed to raise up the ghost of a quarrel be tween this happy couple. The mellow voices of the bells had lulled Mr. Wigmore to repose. He slumbered profoundly in bis Comfortable wicker chair, and a climbing dog-rose shot out an im pertinent tendril within an inch of his nose. Hiswife, with her feet on a footstool, and her glance roving placidly over the bright little lawn, was thinking how good it wa3 to live. The third chair, ih close proximity to her own, was occupied by her brother, Captain BoBworth. " You are in one of your day-dreams, Darcy," she said, suddenly touching his shoulder. "Come, rouse up, and tell me your thoughts. You know I always like to pry into the depths of your dear old mind." " There are no depths," he answered, look ing at her with a smile that made a likeness between them. But the resemblance was only in expression, not in feature; his Greek nose claimed no kinship with her pretty little snub; his eyes, although blue, were of a deeper color than hers. &he; had always declared it was a shame that the boy should bo the beauty of bis family. "Don't pretend to be shallow," she cried, shakiDg her head at him. " Never try to put me off with any of your fashionable shams; I won't have you assuming inan-of-the-period airs here. Now what were you thinking about when I touched you ?" " About a girl's face." "How interesting. I guessed that there was a woman on your brain; I am never de ceived in these cases. You may safely' pout all your heart-secrets into my willing ear. Charlie is in the middle' of his Sunddy after noon nap, and nothing ever wakes him—not even a fly on his talented forehead. Go on; I &m; all attention. How long have you been in love?" He laughed quietly. " Ever since half-past eleven this morning," he said, in his laziest tone.: "She was quite alone, sitting in the corner of a big square pew. I think we had got 'to the I'e Deum when I first caught sight of her hazel eyes." " What was she dressed in ?'' " How can I tell? Something that looked cool and'greyish, T believe. S&o; Wore a'bunch of scarlet geranium." "Kathleen Netfcerdale," said Mrs. Wig more, in a tone of conviction. " Our vicar's daughter." " The vicar is a lucky man. I hope she is a friend of yours, Nina, you used to have the giit of gathering nice girls around you," " Yes, she is one of my favorites, you wil see a great deal of her. The poor child has no mother and comes to me with her little household worries. But I wish you had lcoked at the girl in the next pew. " I did look at her, but not long." "You must have heard of her, of course;" Mrs, Wigmore went on. "She is our great heiress,'Miss Delmont. Fifteen thousand a year, and one of the prettiest places in the country." "Ah, yes; I have heard Warden talk of her; he is the mammon worshipper of our regiment. I believe be has not succeeded in catchiDg a glimpse of her yet. We must have him here, Nina, and give him a chance." The sister made a little grimace. " You must have your chance first," she said, lightly. "Miss Delmont really is an attractive girl, elegant and refined. The drawback is her extreme delicacy; a great doctor often runs down from town to patch her up. But that only deepens my interest in her. "Gcod old Nina, you always did take kindly to sickly people," said Captain Bos worth, with an indulgent and provoking smile. " Now I have a decided preference for rude health, I like red lips, a rounded form, and an abundance of vitality. My tastes are of the earth earthly. I never admire ethereal charms." " I remember," she laughed, " Your first passion was for Miss N orris, a fine girl of thirty-five. She came to call once, and broke the poor mother's pet cane chair. How furious you were when we made sportivo re marks on her substantial person!" " I was justly incensed. She was a charm ing woman. Do not jest about my young affections." The bells had come to the end of their chime, and the afternoon stillness reigned un broken. Mrs. Wigmore, in her turn, had fallen into a reverie. Gazing abstractedly at a group of white bell fiowers, she began to build a delightful castle in the air, Darcy married to the heiress and established at Oakenhurst ;her own managing powers constantly called into play ; the deli cate youDg wife instinctively turning to the sister' in- law. Her brother broke in upon the tranquil little dream with an abrupt observa tion. " Nina, I have made up my mind to go to your flower show," he said. " You are a good boy," she answered, well pleased. " Miss Delmont will be there. She has a passion for flowers. Of course, the OakenhurBt gardener always tabes the first prize. You may win her heart with praises of her roses." "I'm not going to flatter Miss Kilman segge," he said, impatiently, " Let Warden grovel at her feet if he likes. For my part I can find' metal more attractive.'" "So be it," responded Mrs. Wigmore, with perfect amiability. "By the way, it is curious that there is an old feud between our heiress and Miss Nether dale. It began in their school days, and has never died out." Here Charlie Wigmore, suddenly waking up, stretched his long limbs, shook himself, and tookhiB part in the conversation. "Nina has got upon the everlasting theme," he said. "You cannot spend tea minutes in Nettleford without hearing of the great feud. It is really sickening. Why should we all concern ourselves with a quarrel between two nice girls ? It's in the nature of women to quarrel," "But this is not an ordinary woman's quarrel," Mrs. Wigmore replied. "It has liisted for years, and it does seem as if some mysterious fatality were always bringing those two girls into collision." "Mysterious fatality I When you use fine words, Nina, it is a sign that you'are going beyond your depth. What is the mystery ?:. Nothing but the simplest kind of rivalry. -| The new vicar'is immensely popular; his daughter is the prettiest girl in Nettleford; and Miss Delmont is the sworn foo of popu larity and beauty. She wants to reign supreme." "The perpetual arrogance of wealth!" said Barcy, with quiet, but intense disgust. " We must not be too hard upon her," Mrs. Wigmore remarked. "She has always had her own way; her father was a kind, weak creature, and She ruled him. He died when she was scarcely nineteen. Her former go verness, Mrs. Gosse, lives with her as a com-: | panic n. " And toady," added Charlie. " You shouldn't call names, dear," said the wife. "Mrs. Gosse is Btout and placid and rather lazy, I thiDk; but not servile," " And the Netherdales, did' yon say that they were newcomers ?" asked Captain Bos worth, "The vicar seemsto be a good deal above the average parson." " I should think he was!" cried Mr. Wig more. "He has only been here twelve months, and the whole parish is a changed place. People are coming from all parts to hear him preach." "He owes the living to a good sermon," said Nina, seeing that Darcy was getting in tercstcd, "For years ho had been working bard as a curate in a shabby little town, when one day a stray earl chanced to hear1 him'preach. The . sermon was never for gotten. The vicar ol Nettleford died at a ripeage, and then the earl used his influence on behalf of Mr. Ketherdale. The living is worth a thousand a year." "Kathleen is the only daughter," continued Charlie, taking up the narrative. " There is a wandering son somewhere, 1 believe, but he doeBn't turn up here. This town can boast of a good many pretty girls, yet there isn't one of them who can be compared with our new beauty. Upon my word I wonder she has not made a score of enemies I. But Miss 'DelmOnt seems to be her Only foe." "Her only avowed foe," said'Mrs. Wig more, "Zoo Delmont ia perfectly frank. She shows her likings a£d disliking* plainly. Some people are meaix enough to smile in Kathleen's face and Sheer behind her back." " There 'always will be people who'do that: kicdof'thitg'; they' arethe scum of society," retur'n'ed' Charlie,:>with superb ' contempt,. "But Miss Netherdale cau afford to laugh at the m all." ... Mrs; Wigiriore waS always s'pdfcen; of as the mbst amiable of her sex. She could endure^ with perfect Sweetness, a great many jbf those daily worrieB which'frequently drive itritable and over-sensitive women to distraction^ An ill-fitting dress hardly ruffled her; serene temper; broken china was accepted with philosophy; the blunders of tradespeople <■ and servants were borhe with u'no'ommon patience. No one knew her good! points better than her brother. But while her husband'was speaking he was watching her face—watching with a quiet look of amused expectation," as if he were, waiting for some thing unusual, which was sure to come. It did come; and he sank back ia his chair and stroked his moustache to hide a smile. Just the faintest shadow of annoyahce was visible on'Nina's features ;her lips wdre com pressed ; her brows drawn together. "Kathleen Netherdale is a nice'girl, and a pretty girl," she said. "But Charlie over rates her attractions. AU his gefese are swans; if he happens to take a fadcy to a woman, she instantly becomes a goddess." " I took a fancy to you, my dear, and yet I never thought you a goddess," he replied, with a twinkle of fun in his eyes. "Yes, you did," she answered, with a laugh that was a littlo constrained; "before you married me." " Never." He quietly got up from his seat and kissed her. "Nothing would have in duced me to marry a divinity, What I wanted was a pleasant, cosy little woman." Her good humor came back ia an instant. She met Darcy's glance and smiled. , "Ah," she cried, shaking a plump little finger at her brother, "he fancies'he has found out my weak point. He thinks I can't bear to hear another woman admired." " He doesn't think that," Charlie answered for him. " But he knows that there are cer tain women whose influence over us is inex plicable to you. It i3 seldom that a1 woman who charms men i3 admired by her own sex; you may like her, and even to be her closet friend, without iu the least realising her power." " I suppose you are right," said Niria, with a pretty air of submission. "Only as Darcy ' is likely to be here a great deal I don't think it's quite fair to piejudice his mind'against Miss Delmont. He has heard butone side of the quarrel." "Still harping on that string," laughed Mr. Wigmore. "Well, he will hear the other side soon enough, and he'll find that there's no end to the story. As to our little heiress I daresay he will like her fairly well." " Indeed, Charlie, she deserves to he liked." " Of course she has her attractions. And I assure you there are times when I pity that girl from the bottom of my heart. It seems to me that she is always looking about for -something to cling to. A man who could win her love might make her a new creataro, par haps; and yet, I don'tknow. She's rather an incomprehensible little woman." Ho got up and began" slowly pacing the laWD, and his wife watched him' with her platid smile. ' "Charlie' is 6iife qf'the'kitidfest'of men," she said to her brother. " The' faintest hint of suffering always wakes up bis' compassions. He really is qtnte right about that dear Zjo. She wants something strong to rest upon; she is' tired of standing all alone and ruling everyone. I have always thought she would make'd mosty8fitimiwive'wife." . "I'll Bet Wary eh "here," remarked Captain Bosworth.-'ctosirighis eyes. "He's the most accomhdbaailffg man I know. He'll either rale or 'ib^raledi-just as .you please. Mis3 Delmbnt will be charmed with him." (T& Se ioritihued.) 