CHAPTEB IV. " If I should meet thee, After long years, How shall I greet thee ? " Gidia Dering had been an inmate of the .priory more than a year, and quite fallen into her place BS one of the family. She had gained a firm hold on Mrs. Cunninghame's heart, her resemblance to Lilias having made a favorable impression in the first instance, and a judicious course of flattery and attention accomplishing the rest. Still she had not succeeded as well as Bhe had hoped in the subjugation of her aunt, who, though fondly attached to the bright young creature, failed to find in her society the comfort and happiness shest first hoped for. Aunt and neice lived on terms of affection, but Lilias realised painfully she had approached no nearer to the girl's inner self than the first evening they met. Try as she might, she could discover no bond of sympathy, nothing of mutual interest, to draw their hearts closer together, "and she strove mainly to lead the young mind to higher inspirations than the mere clothing of her pretty person, the only thing which appeared of vital importance to Gidia, The girl would listen attentively, her blue eyes very wide open, and when her aunt had ceased, fling her arms caressingly around her neck and kissing her demonstratively, exclaim—" You clever darling! how can a poor ignorant little goose like your Gidia ever Tinderstand such things ? Inwardly thinking .—" What a tiresome bore these perpetual lectures are." Lilias would return the embrace with a sigh, saying to herself, " Perhaps I expect too much, and do not make sufficient allowance for our different training. She iB but a ohild, UkjfTTndine before she found her soul, only God grant the fault, if any, does not unknowingly rest with me, or that I have come short in my duty to the child of my adoption," Miss Dering had quite failed to interest Gidia in her pet schemes, or to induce the ^irl to aocompany her on her round of visitE amongst their poorer neighbors, and she -silently wondered how one so gentle and yielding as her neioe appeared generally, could on some points be so difficult to move. In truth, Gidia was becoming dreadfully weary of the life she was leading, the life which at first,'•• with its unaocustomcd luxuries and unlimited] supply of pin-money, had appeared all coUur 6e rote to the little Bohemian, and *he felt sometimes tempted to throw it up and return to that which she had bofoic despised; " If I had stayed with Silvio I might have become.a great diva like Patti or 'Neilson, receiving homage even from orowned heads," she would think rogfcetfully. " Buthow hard the. work was, the waiting how wearisome, the poverty how horrible !" as die looked at the pretty, gowns and costly niok-hatoks her aunt's generosity had enabled her to indulge in. " Poor.Silvio I I wonder If he was very angry, and, whether he missed me very much. I Buppose he is still straggling for the famr he is so confident of winning—some day 1" What was the good of her pretty bright costumes (whioh oost her as much thought as an inventor would expend on some intricate piece of meohanism) when everyone at Culverden was either too old or ioo blind : to appreciate them, she thought impatiently: . Even Mr. Harsden's curate (for the old man was too feeble to d<5 duty now, having had a paralytio stroke) was a married man with ten children. Decidedly this consummate little aotress was getting tired other insignificant rSte, and would probably have been tempted to seek'a' wider field for the exercise of her talents, but for an event which filled hersoheming. brain with renewed energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, if successful, to raise her from the dead level of existence, whioh had become so wearisome and intolerable. Certainly, she was obliged to confess, the plan she had formed had very little ohance of suocess, but, even provided she failed to gain her end, she would still have had some pleasure in the delightful sense of plotting and soheming, in which her wioked little heart rejoiced. Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into summer, and Gidia was seated in her aunt's morning roonl (a small octagonal chamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how she should manage to get through another long, uneventful day. Her hands were idly dasped above the golden head, whose myriads of frizey little curls completely oovered'her low olytio-Iike forehead, forming a decided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids. The different charaeter of aunt and niece was even disoernible in their toilet. Lilias' dress was of plain black cashmere, which fell in large flowing folds to the ground, and was relieved by snow white bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome head was arranged gracefully a square of filmy white lace, and her sole ornaments were the looket and rini whioh had been Balph Disney's parting gii Gidia's dainty little figure was clothed in. an indesoribable arrangement of pink, scarcely subdued by multitudinous lace bounces, amongst which flashed bright bows and loops of rose-colored ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty dimpled hand, on which sparkled many jewels, was constantly raised to the rosy mouth id a vate, endeavor to hide the irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving industriously, wa6 about to suggest something for the employment of her niece's idle little fingers, when the door opened and Mrs. Cunninghame entered hurriedly: " My deBr —addressing Miss Dering—" a mounted messenger from the Bectory with a letter for you, which I have brought myself "-^-handing it to her—"fearing there might be bad news of Mr. Marsden." Lilias took it from Mrs. Cunninghame's hand, and opening it, quiokly found a few lines from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed was Balph Disney's long looked-for letter. At the sight of her lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over the fair face, causing Gidia to open her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment inoreased, for when her aunt had read the Hector's letter, telling the joyful tidings of Ralph's homecoming, her face, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and Lilias suddenly covered her tell-tsle eySs with both hands as if to shut out a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming conscious that two pairs of inquiring eyes were fixed upon her, she rose to her feet— "There is nothing amiss," and Gidia's quiok ear caught the new happy ring in her aunt's voice. " Mr. Marsden is well, and writes in excellent spirits," and anxious to be alone she moved towards the door. . Thshandle was in her hand, when she appeared to remember some further explanation was probably expected, and turning to Mrs. flunnibghame, she said in a low,quiok voice, " He tells me Balph is on his way to Culverden," and without another word left the room. All this was a mystery to. Gidia, who was quite on the qui vive, and dying to know the cause of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Cunninghame sank into thechair Lilias had just vacated, her kind, old face beaming with pleasure. "Balph Disney coming at last) Thank Godl" she said rapturously. "My darling Lilias will now be repaid for her long, lonely years of waiting," and tears of thankfulness streamed down the withered old cheeks. " But tell me," said Gidia, coming over and kneeling beBide Mrs. Cunninghame's dhair, " who is this Ralph, and what does it all mean?" "Is it possible, after having lived with us all these months, you have never heard of Balph Disney?"in tones of amazement; "but then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly to be wondered at, after all. Sir Balph DiBney has not been to Culverden for ten years, and I have every reason to believe he now comes to renew an engagement with your aunt, which ended abruptly by the wish of the old squire." " Oh, how romantic," cried Gidia, bravely stifling another yawn, for a romance of which she herself was not the heroine failed to ininterest her. " Pray tell me all about it, like a dear," and she settled herself on a low stool to liBten, or to sleep. Mrs. Cunninghame was only too ready to pour out all she had to tell, so proceeded to impart to the fair-haired girl at her feet her aunt's love story. Gidia listened at first listlessly, then suddenly as an idea appeared to strike her, she gave her undivided attention to the gar. rulous old lady. When Mrs. Cunninghame, quite out of breath, stopped speaking, Gidia aBked slowly —" Then they are not really engaged ? you are not certain Sir Balph is coming to marry auntie? Perhaps he only just wants to see his uncle." " Well, my dear, no, of course I am not quite certain, but after being so devoted to Lilias there can be little doubt of his intentions." .. , , " Then why did he not come directly grandpapa died ? " asked Givia. " I have often wondered myself," confessed Mrs. Cunninghame. " I dare say he thought it best to wait till her time of mourning had expired." "And he is BO noble, so rich," said the girl, enquiringly. "Sir Balph Disney's wealth is simply fabulouB," replied the old lady; but what is of far greater importance considering how rich your aunt is also, his family is the moBt ancient iu England. His mother, the only daughter of the Duke of Twyford, was the greatest heiress, as well as the most lovely woman of her day. I must say I thought Mr. Dering acted in a highly injudicious manner when he so peremptorily dismissed poor Balph, for it was a marriage in every way most suitable. It seems but yesterday it all happened," she went on, muBingly; " only Lilias has altered greatly. Bhe was so sweet and fairy-like in those days, though I must say, my dear, if you did not dress jour hair in that outlandish fashion, or wear your frocks so very full and •v«r-truam«d, iron would be her very pisturs." " Thanks for the compliment, yoa flattering deBri" laughed Gidia. gaily. Then went on— '. I remember in the portrait you showed me of auntie, taken ten years ago, ahe wears .B lain white gown, without a single ribbon or flonnce. I, too, intend having some simple white dresses made for me,'!. she added with studied:carelessness; "they, will be so cool and comfortable now the warm weather is coming on. I am r goingjto"see if I can find auntie some Neapolitan vjolpts, so good-bye, you darling, you," and after dropping a birdlike kisB on the old lady's withered cheek, Gidia tripped away into the garden. There die strolled under the old apple trees in . the . orchard, where the grass was white with their fallen blossoms, her brain busily at work, her mind full of the soheme which the events of the morning had conjured up. ," Have I a ghost of a chance 1" she said to herself, 11 and eyen if I were to suco'eed, dare I oarry it through to the end ? , Oh, it would be glorious to defeat that canting, coldblooded aunt of mine, who has stolen my birthright! But if Silvio were to discover who I really am, and follow me, what would happen then I But there! it is not likely he ever will, poor fellow, so I shall take every advantaged what fate throws in my way. Beally it would be tempting Providence if I did otherwise." And she gave a shallow, little laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished the next few days at the change whioh appeared to have come over her young niece—Gidia was so docile, so anxious to please, and altogether so much more in earnest than she had ever been before, that her aunt thought the girl's soul had at last commenced its awakening, and she thanked God for the many blessings He was showering on her. For the first time, too, Gidia volunteered to aocompany MisB Dering on her charitable errandB, and delighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Even her personal appearance underwent a change, and one morning when she appeared at the breakfast table even Mrs. Cunninghame, who was very shortsighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise. The curling tongs had evidently been discarded that morning, for the masses of tiny ourls had all disappeared, with the exoeption of a tew rebellious rings on the forehead, and the golden hair was smoothed and twisted simply round the back of her head. The be-frilled pink costume was also banished, and its place taken by a plain white caohimere, which showed the curves of her budding form to perfection. Gidia blushed and dimpled as Miss Dering, kissing her tenderly, said a few kind words of approval. " I thought it would please yon Auntie darling," she said prettily, " I meant to do it long ago, only I am such a little ooward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright." " I do not think you need have the least fear of that, dear," and Lilias Bmiled as she looked at her niece's pretty face, before turning tothe tabiciotake up her letters. There were not many, and Gidia' foctively kept an, eye on one whioh had not been evidently through the post, and in which she reoognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsden. Miss Dering read it through twice, then raising her head looked towards Mrs. Cunninghame and said calmly: " Sir Balph has telegrapbed to Mr. Marsden that he will reach Culverden to-night. The dear old man is evidently very excited, and I am afraid that it is not good for him, in bis feeble state of health." To-night I Then we shall without doubt see him at the Priory early to-morrow," said the old lady, with a world of meaning in her voice, whioh cansed a momentary shade of displeasure to pass over Miss Dering's calm features. " Scarcely so soon, I fancy," she answered quietly, ignoring Mrs. Cunninghame's inuendo, then turning to Gidia—" Sir Balph Disney is a very old friend of ours, a nephew of dear Mr. Marsden, eo I hope you will like him very much. He will, I know, be charmed to find we have caught and caged such a sweet song-bird, for Balph was always passionately fond of music; and I am in hopes, too, his visit will help to make this place a little more cheerful for you, dear ohild, as I fear the Priory must sometimes seem a little dull to a bright young girl," she added kindly. " Auntie —and Gidia put on her prettiest air of childlike remonstrance. " How naughty of you to imagine I ever find the dear old Priory dull, the place I found happiness, the place whioh holds all my dear ones, all I have to love or love me "—and she heaved a plaintive little sigh. That night, before Lilias retired to rest, came another letter from the Bsctory, this time directed in a bold, firm handwriting, which Gidia (who intercepted the messenger) had never seen before. How she longed to peep over Miss Dering's shoulder, and read what was written on that very small sheet of paper I " He cannot have said much, at any rate," she said to herself, consolingly. This was, strange to say, the first letter Lilias had ever received from Balph Disney, and was, as Gidia correotly surmised, a very short one. May I come to you to-morrow early in the afternoon," it ran, with no formal commencement. "Do not ask me to stay longer away—I have waited so many years." Then followed simply his signature, and the messenger, who in obedience to bis master's orders, had waited, took back Miss Dering's answer. It was—"Come, you will find a weloome." This brief note was not the letter whioh Balph had at first intended sending, for, on finding himself once more in the fondly remembered Kentish village, he had written a wild, unreasoning letter, a passionate outpouring of the feelings which old associations had aroused, but which, in his cooler moments, he deoided not to despatoh. I will wait and see how she greets me," he thought. The meeting between the old rector and his errant nephew had been a very touching one, and though Mr. Marsden did not actually speak as if an engagement existed between the long-separated lovers, it was easy to divine how bis thoughts ran constantly upon it, and his talk was incessantly of " his dear child, his Sweet Lily." He was perhaps a little disap. pointed at finding Balph so different from the impulsive, hot-headed yoUth of ten years ago. How bronzed he was, how portly 1 and if his old eyes did not deceive him, surely there was a plentiful sprinkling of grey amongst the brown curls. Balph laughed heartily at his unole's inspection. " You see I am getting quite ancient, not far off forty, the age when a fellow begins to go down hill with a run. Bemember what a life I have led the past ten years, not one calculated to make me wear well." "Ah, but you will settle down now, my boy," said the old man in tones of oonviotion, at which Ralph smiled, but Baid nothing. When Balph awoke the next morning, and found himself once more in his old lavenderscented room at the Bectory, be felt inolined to fancy these years of wandering had been but a strangely vivid dream. The young summer day was bright and warm, and when Balph threw open the window, the clustering oreamy rosesnodded a sweet perfumyiweloome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took possession of bim, as if it had never wavered since the day he and sweet Lilies Dering had plighted their troth. How impatiently he longed to hear the sound of her voice, how slowly the morning passed. Over and ow again did Balph picture to himself thsir melting, what she would say, how (he would look, and wh«n at last he started on his way to the Priory, he was living almost in tho past, in a wmM nf shadows. . He was onoe more young Balph Disney, the impetuous lover of the child-like, tender-eyed girl, and the cloud which had arisen.hetween. them was forgotten.. All nature even seemed to have conspired to keep up the deception, and remind him of that summer, ten years ago, as he went along the sunny cliffs, passed the white flag-staff round which the mild-laced sheep were nibbling at the golden-hearted daisies, and turned into the familiar beech avenue. The glamor of old days when love dawned was upon him, the long weary years which had come between were no more remembered, and he looked towards the shrubbery as if expeoting to see there the glimmer of his love's white robes. His heart heat tumultuously as he approached the Priory, for there, near the open windows, satthe form he bad pictured BO often that morning. This sweet young girl, with the shining hair and downcast eyes, the pure white dress, the rose at her throat, was his lily, his love. It was the face he had kissed so often, so fondly,—the face that had visited him in dreams,—the face that bad come before him in the silent night watches thousands of miles away. A.little reflection would have saved bim and others from muoh misery, but, alas 1 he never Btopped to realise the mistake, and in another moment had clasped her to his heart, and was raining kisses on the golden head pressed so madly to his breast. "Lily, he whispered, "look up, my love, my own one." For the space of a moment Gidia allowed her wioked little head to rest where Balph had placed it, just for a moment only, to hide the gleam of triumph shining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, she treed herself from his embrace, and pushing him from her, cried indignantly—" Oh, how could you? how dare you take such a shocking liberty"—her bosom heaved and panted—" You are just like them all—you treat me like a child, a mere baby, without sense or feeling." Here she broke into sobs, covered her face with her pretty hands to watch what impression she had made. Poor Ralph raised his hands to hia eyes like one blinded or suddenly dazed; then he looked at the little woman before him in utter bewilderment, and unconsciously repeated almost the first words, Lilias had said to her neioe —"But who are you?" Wild thoughts of fairys and trolls, reoollections of old German legends, were coursing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated surprise answered— "Who am I? Why, Lilias Dering, of oourse—who else could I be ? " " Lilias Dering," repeated Ralph, wonderingly ; " not Squire Dering's Lilias, my—" " Oh, no "—and Gidia interrupted him with a merry, ringing laugh like a peal of silver bells—" not that horrid old man's daughter —nothing nearer than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. Just fancy anyone mistaking me for poor dear old aunt Lilias—it is quite too funny for anything; but I think I can guess who you erf now "—she held out both her hands confidently— 11 Sir ltaip'n Disney, you must be, and, oh I I am so thankful you are not old and ugly like everyone else auntie knows." "Why, child," Baid Ralph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in spite of his secret annoyance at his mistake as the truth dawned upon him, did you expect to find me a Metbeusalah ?" " Well, very nearly," she confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a swift upward glance from under her long lashes, " for they told me you were my aunt's—but there, it would never do to tell you what they said, as I know now it was not true, because you are not old—not the least bit," she added encouragingly. Ralph had managed to recover hia selfpossession, but how different an aspeot affairs wore now, to what they had done only an hour before. He had suddenly awakened from his love-dream (at least as far as Lilias was concerned), and the sweet visions of the morning had all melted away before the fairylike touch of this dainty little beauty. He could not for the life of him pioture his old love otherwise than a rather prim, middleaged lady, perhaps with spectacles. Try as he would, the bright young faoe of her neice came between him and the image he had so vividly remembered only that very morning. However, pulling himself together with an effort, he uttered some very lame excuses for his apparent rudeness (which Gidia, blushingly, shyly, accepted), and then rather stiffly suggested their joining Misa Dering. (To be Continued.) 