TS,AININ&«OTE8. i[By Tbibobaph.1 ImoH ouk oynt cohr««pohdknt.] Mblbocehb, Thursday. .AttheOaulfiolds training grounds this morn iog, Umbra wqb treated to a turn on the sand, and .' then retired to the Bcraping shed, ue r.iin cumo down in torrents. Chester and Noneenre wera treated to long slow exercise on tho inner track. [The former afterwards put in a couplo of strong rounds alone. Don Quixote (with K O'Brden'up) and Polestar (with R. Bowo up) were despatch od for a milespin. The Bon had two longths tho beBt of it, and both finished strong and*well. Iiegrand was givon two sor vie-cblo1 turnB on tho grass, and moved in fins stylo. 'He wob a bit lazy at first, but soon 'shakes off' when set going. Capri had Tissue aa a companion, and tho pair brushed off from the mUo post. O'Brien, on tho Gup horse, was hard at nim all tho way, and ho 'finished a length in advance ? of hia Btablo'imate. Time very fair. Connolly started by tending FriendleiB and Sjphon four turns on the inner track. Two turns were done at a good-strong pace. Nautilus went -a long alow pice exercise.on the inner track. -Seizure and Acgler-were treated to a turn over tho sohooling hurdles, and both jumped in fine stvle. Lang gave ' Canute healthy exercise on -tho centre trcok. 'Egbeit and Kingfisher centered, and thonran a fast mile to finish up with. Jones gate .^Melodious two turns on tho grass, and then ipurted home from the hr.lf-mile poet. Ooriolanus had Bohemian for a- companion, nnd the;cuir were given strong work on the graBS. The- former never looked better. Batty troated Yately to three turns on the grass; the first turn was done at a good sharp ocnter, and tho gsod working gallop. The Gup ? candidate mo7o:l in grand stylo. The tires for tho last round -waB very good. Batty has get him as fit ho hands can make him. Deceiver was givon good serviceable work on tho im er track. Ontario (with Hatty up) oarrtered once round the ?inner trnck, and then joined Hobinson's Cupola, i»r.d ilio psir brushed o£ from tho milo podt,-and .were joined by Merry Fom-lla, who was very soon in trouble. The- hurdlo racer finished thr.o lengths in front of Cupola, who tried a- lot. TTmbcito was absent. J.aird was given 'four steady turns on the sand, and J- Leek treated Scaramoucho to 'three turns on the grass; the last two were done at a g;od work ing gallop. The CaulSeld Cup candidate moved in «fine style. Struggler cantered and spurted on the sand. Bargo and Camerine wore treated to .a Biz- furlong spurt on the grass. David and Ditto ran (uBt for seven .furlongs, and the former had a lot 'the best ?of it. .Gray next appeared -with Qas. burnor, Iionhand, Gasalier, Tattler, and Northern Light. The Crat-namod cantered and epurted half a n,ile. The othore were treated tc term on the grass and finished -up with a pood wording gallop. , Heyward's Spartan, and Qavia's Ditto, were treated to a turn over the hurdles. Both jumpad well, and' tha' former Cciehod up with an extra round on the grasa. Gilderoy pottered along the sand. Norfolk Vxd Ghost broke off from tho mile and .a half post, and werei jjinod by Grace Decling at the nine furlongs f ost. The last named'finished threo lengths in front of Norfolk, who beat Ghoet- by tht same distance. Bareaford, (owner up) .vaiB given three turns on the sand, and finished up with an extra fast turn .on the grass. ? 