OUR PARIS LETTER. . FROM OUR-OWN CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, NOVEMBER 1 Somehow Bismarck's colonial congress excites but little attention. The other Powers have consented to it, as a. tub thrown to the whale. Besides, the in- | vited are like children who long to see what is inside the huuap of Palichiwell they waat to know what the Chancellor has got in his Back. France and England may not be Corsican brothers, but Bis-. marck cannot now, hating been exposed in time, make a cat's paw of either. His j wire-pulling recently has only had for; result to bring out the profound animosity of France against Germany, that has suppressed her supremacy isa Europe aud amputated from her Alsace and Lorraine. While in the case of England it has cracked up opinion to have a navy ?worthy of the best days of its history, and , to stimulate and strengthen the movement^ of colonial confederation for Colonial de- I fense. Here is one fact that Englishmen. I might stick a pin into. France is paying, since 1871, on loans and claims amounting s to ten milliards, no less than 657 millions j of francs annually-about 22 millions ' sterling, or something less than one-third I of the total national revenue of Great; Britain : equal to 151 'million dollars. This enormous addition to her yearly taxation acts like a chain ball in her onward march. - The moral ought to in afcrnot England .to at once have anin ] vincible navy to guard her commerce, pro-1 j tcct her widely disseminated possessions,^ j or what would be tantamount to the same,; to backup-fier protoeals. - Tbiit netesiaaty" development of- the ready " blood and iron" persuaders,- along with the sighifi-; cant accession <£ Socialists -to the. Reichstag, will' -make even Bismarck stroke his moustache. The Commission for the Inter national - Exhibition has been gazetted, and that body is at present occupicd with the selec tion of a site of the seven proposed. The Bois de Boulogne and of Yincennes may be left out of the running; these are the parks of the aristocracy and plebs respect fully, and ought not to be disfigured. The main point is to have the building as near as possible to the city. A space of 400,000 square yards is required, and it is urged to run the montter ogzaar from the Tuilerrea, by. the Palais de l'lu dustrie up to the Champ de Mars. ' Adelina-Patti is now a divorcee, but not in the way she expected. The Count re jected he* demand, based on her having continued her misconduct, which led to her husband being granted a separation. The latter was aocofded the divorce, and the diva mulcted in heavy<costs, can no longer spott ihe title of Marchioness. She is Adelina Patti once more, plus the brand of her misconduct.- "If yon have such an affection :for your Bon Juan," observed a *it to a celebrated artiste, 44 why do yon ;not marry him f " Ilove'him too much ;fpr that ! was the reply. : It' is only f ince half «--century .that the ^detective police forcehavbeen organized i in France by Vidocqi an -ekrcon-vict, jan3 fbirty of bin pardoned pals. M. .Ma<>e, the' ex-chief of the' detectives, has just, published his memoirs ; they axe readable:: 1 Theforceonly costs 25,000 franca a~jr#aff. Surely this must be an error? He says there are * in Paris fiO.OOO"- persons who. aWake:fr\vry iuo.i'iiiiVif' and Ho not .knnw where tliey will lind a 1 rerikfastur dinner ? for the day, or.a 1« d for th«* liiifh: ; rlk-s ? are vagabonds, >nd he main tains that in every vagabond there is the material of a malefactor, hi this band the Recidiyiste'a' flourish like a bay tree. Many have beeta several times condemned.. One fellow, aged 20, had been arrested n<j less thaii 17 times, after, bein? six times imprisoned. M. Mace affirms that whether men or women, vulgar or "fashionable sconndrels, the inoti» e of their crimes is common that of cupidity or money. Fur'her, the " gaol birds," disgusted-at being changed from one hotne prison to auother, wind up by assassinating a guardian ; that is the only way to ensure their being s«nt to New Caledonia-their land of freedom j of lotus eatiug life, with the chance of escap ing. Australia will please note. The theatres certainly are not goii.g to great expense in the matter of "bringing out new plays. The mismanagement of the natioiral opera, the" chaotic state re vealed by its director's death, is lament able. Every representation appears to have been given at a "loss. Fraiicoise de Remirii, by AmbroisejTliomas," has been revived, but only to confirm the verdict of two years ago-dead failure. The Italiens draw the public iiss'evei) than the French opera, and the pmSpaettfjjf its season are adtly." 'The produced Hip, & tltt,efe^ct':c6mic opera, ;#rranged Ifrom .PlanqiSettfe's^sebre for" the. '?Paris, stage. The Beasnery. and musie ; atoned for thegifcrttio,',- @$oe-' ful, melodious aiui pleasing.. TM ghosts'^ scene, rising to punish Rip, was w*ll. re-' ceived. Cupidon, o, c^medy in three act&, by M. Bi,s8i)D. lias Wen:given'at the Palais Royal Theatre, and with success. Its sub ject is too-broad, to permit: it -<o travel outside France. It is lively, smutty and amusing. Poor Madle. Van Zandt like lucifer, a'so associated :wlt.h f'light," is not after her fall, likely, to rise again. She ap peared as Hostile at the Opera.. Comique, drunk as a lord..- Others .say she was in toxicated by an overdose of " phosphorus" and-excitement. Beit cliampagneor phos- - phorus on tha brain, she has lost caste with her idolaters. She ought to go into retreat for some time. Madame de Thiangers complained that Bourdalone in his serinonB was ever occu pied with the BOUIs of the,poor and never with persons of quality. " The clergy ought not to forget there are two distinct divisions of the human race." " Withont donbt,. Jrladame," joined in Marshall de Grammont who entered-into the room, " and the devil himself makes no mistake, for he grills persons of quality, apart, and employs only sandal wood." Louis xiv. laughed at the old warrior's theology, making the sign of the cross as was his habit when Satan was narked 