Cfie auburn sit v. Saturday, September 13, 1884. One of the clauses in the new land Bill which is causing contention in the House, is that referring to limited alienation. Among true Liberals this is wrong as they claim alienation should cease now and forever. This question is "no that has been thrashed out by politicians of this colony for many years and it has been recognised as a vital adjunct to a liberal platform. No arguments can be brought to bear of any practical value against it. Large estates and closed roads are still the order of the day and reputed liberal members have sworn time after time to alter this state of things. Now an opportunity is pending for our representatives to put in a permanent protest against alienation while the present Bill is before Parliament. In division No. 4 of the sixth cl use we find lands which may be sold by auction shall be classified. This division could easily be made to read lease to be sold by auction and not the fee simple. On Tuesday evening a clause was passed in the new bill giving the Minister power to sell or revoke reserves. A knot of members, not blindly led by the Government, offered a determined opposition to the clause referred to and twenty-one voted straight against coalition combination. Some of the members who voted in the minority are mis- called Conserva tives and abuse is heaped up'.n them by designing politicians of a certain stamp who have ends to serve while the men who mis-ropresent Liberal con stituencies were conspicuous by their absence. The clause makes the Minister of Lands sole judge of what shall be retained ns a reserve for the benefit of the people or otherwise. How easy it would be for a corrupt Minister to get in league with a squatter of large means who wanted a well-kept reserve as an addition to his property and have the coveted area put up for sale or selected by a convenient “ dummy.’’ The traffic in our lands is becoming a serious busiuess and the people will one day wake up to this fact, a reaction will set in and then the end will come. The Executive Couneil has confirmed the commissions of J. R. Y. Goldstein and H. W. Perrin, of the Footscray and Williamstown batteries of permanent artillery, issued of a probation to officers of the militia force. The above gentlemen will now rank as majors. 7S men have been engaged for the militia and 119 for the naval forces. A complaint from the Williamstown Board of Advice to the Education Department as to the efficient manner in which writing appeared to be taught in the State schools was ordered to be transmitted to the secre The first official inspection of the Wil liamstown and Footscray Bitteries of Garrison Artillery took place at the battery reserve on Saturday last, one hundred officers and men being present. Lieutenant Colonel Rasleigh was the inspecting officer. After the men paraded and their arms had been inspected they were formed into a battalion of four companies in single rank and put through a most exhaustive drill, lasting for two hours and half. After the parade the colonel addressed the men. He expressed himself as being very much pleased with their appearance and the good ordoc in -wWioK ho found their arms, the only thing wauting being steadiness in marching, which could only bo got by practice. The following were present— Lciutenant Colonel Rasleigh, Captains Hall, Hague, Goldstein and Perrin, Lieutenants Carroll, Stanley, Outtrim and Ulbrick. On Friday evening after parade a meeting of the rifle club in connection with the Wil liamstown Battery was held in the drill room, Major Perrin presiding. It was decided to have the first practice to-day— ranges 200 and 300 yards, military position. On the 20th the first match will take place. It was decided to have the first matches at the short ranges, so,as to offer the greatest inducement to the young shots. The major notified that all matches for trophies or money prizes would in future have to be shot for in the military position. The strange procedure over which there is so much discussion at present—Sunday closing—is believed to have been strictly adhered to, with but few exceptions, on Sabbath last in both Williamstown and Footscray. The peculiarity about the matter appears to be the means used to the end sought. The object is not to comply with the law, but to get the law removed that forbids Sunday drunkenness. However we suppose people will have tipple, and it is just as well to take it square as have to sneak it. The Government Gazette of September 5th gives among its list of licensing magis trates the following :—Footscray—William Bowley, James Currie Johnson ; Williams town.— Jame3 Challis, Daniel Aitkens; Werribee.—Andrew Chirnside, S. T. Staughton. A most successful tea-meeting in connection with the Williamstown branch of the United Gospel Blue Ribbon Mission took placo in the local Mechanics’ Institute on Thursday night. Fully five hundred persons were present. The tea- tables were presided over by Misses M. Sakor, Barr, Rutherford, Lowther, F. Dalzell, Fitclier, Rose, Yewers, Smith, Everest, Izzard, Warues, Davis, Heriot, Morwick, Gray, Moore (2), Lonsdale, Jones (2) and Mesdames McDonald, Woolwick, Adams, Robertson, Warnes, Weekes, Saker, Tabley, Stafford, Sando, Dolman aud Geddes. At the subse quent crammed public meeting the Rev. Mr Wallace presided and Dr. Figg with other gentlemen addressed the meeting. Gunner Tubbs, of the naval forces, and the armourers’ fitter proceed to Sydney at once (says the Argue) to see if the 18-ton gun proposed to be purchased for the Cerberus from the Admiralty is suitable for that vessel. It is asserted, we oannot say with what truth, that a number of the men connected with our fleet have refused to be sworn in under the new regulations. Several men are also reported to have been transferred fromH.M.V.S. Cerberus to the Albert. A deputation from the Anglers’ Society have received a promise from the Hon. Commissioner of Customs that the boundary line from the Williamstown breakwater to the Railway piers should be defined. With reference to the pollution of the Salt water River Mr Langridge referred them to the Central Board of Health. By reference to another column it will be observed that Mr Russell is inviting sub scriptions to the prize fund of the Central State School. We trust that the appeal will be responded to. On Wednesday Jane McTaggart, the young WilliamBtown girl, who had been remanded for a week in order to give her time for reflection aa to whether she would marry Ah Tack, was again brought up at the City Court. She concluded to return to her parents. We sincerely hope Jane will amend her ways and determine to beeome «,nce again a respectable member of society. Sergeant J. Whitcher was on Thursday informed by Miss Johanna Murphy that her brother,.Francis Murphy, was missing from the steamer Queenscliff which had lain on the night of the 8th. instant alongside the 8.s. Despatch at the cross-pier, Williams town. The missing man is stated to be 37 years of ago with brown hair, beard and moustache. He is about 5 leet 7 inches high. The first finger of one hand is crooked. It is feared that as a plank attached to the Quecnscliffe and Despatch as an extempore gangway was found • floating the following morning Murphy has met a watery grave. His vessel has since gone to sea. When last seen he wore blucher boots, brown tweed trowsers and vest, a check Crimean shirt and an overcoat with velvet collar. The police were engaged dragging for the body yesterday. It has been arranged that turrets con structed of wood are to be erected in the Williamstown orderly room on the same principle as those on board the Cerberus so that the men will be afforded the much needed opportunity of frequent drill ashore, such as at present they can only get wheu they go afloat. •A very enjoyable concert was given in aid of St. Mary’s church choir fund on Friday evening, oth inst., in the local. Catholic schoolroom, which was crowded to excess. The numbers upon the programme were various and well- selected and certainly as an amateur entertainment reflects credit on the choir. The principals were Misses Regan, Thwaite, Palmer, Kemp, Clarke and M. Rice, and Messrs Wignall, Cherry, T. Jukes, J. Homan and J. Riee. Especial encores were asked for Mr Hernan’s song in character and Miss Regan’s and Mr J. Rice’s descriptive and characteristic ballads. Members of the Williamstown Cricket Club may indulge in practice on the ground this afternoon after half-past two p.m. An entertainment to augment the prize fund of the North Williamstown State School, No 1109, took place last night at the Williamstown Mechanics’ Institute. Want of space precludes an extended report. Mr Thomas, who has h?Id the position of organist to the Presbyterian Church here during the past two years, has accepted the appointment of organist to St John’s Church, Toorak. Previous to severing his connection the local Choir under his direction will give a secular concert in the new Presbyterian School Hall, Cecil street, on the 2oth inst. Admission will be free, by card ouly, and will be distributed by the manager, choir, and Sabbath school teachers. There will be a collection in aid of the organ fund. The preparations for the bazaar in aid of the new Sabbath school building fund, to be held on the 7th October, are well forward1 A public meeting will be held in th Temperance Hall Electra street on Thursday evening next in promotion of the Temperance Land and Building Society. The usual weekly meeting of the Blue Ribbon Mission, Footscray, was held in the Mechanics’ Institute on Saturday evening last, the chair being occupied by Mr W. Gallant. The attendance was good, and a varied programme was gone through, in which Miss Phillips and Messrs Donaldson, Barnett and Mackenzie took part; also the choir, under the baton of Mr Bartlett. rendered several choral parts. Mr E. James of Ascot Vale briefly addressed the meeting! urging the claims of the mission. Next Tuesday evening a meeting of the committee 1s to be held at Ezyfit s boot warehouse, at which every member of the committee is requested to be present to finally decide upon the style of the proposed “ Blue Ribbon Mission Hall.” Before proceeding on his inspection of the various vessels of our mosquito fleet on Saturday last, Sir H. Brougham Loch landed at Williamstown, accompanied by Master Loch and aides-de-camp Captain Traill and Mr. Hughes. His Excellency made an inspection of the torpedo shed, Graving Dock and H.M.V.S. Albert, before proceeding on board the Cerberus. The Governor is of opinion the Naval Reserve • contains the finest body of men in the world. The following are the recipients of the long service medals :—Naval Forces—J. Frogley (chief boatswain), J. Nelson (chief carpenter). H. Tubb (gunner), J. Sansom (master-at, arms), D. Mangan (chief carpenter’s mate), G. Kennedy (chief quartermaster), J. Ovendcn (chief boatswain’s mate). M. Carey (chief leading stoker), T. Seabridge (gunner’s mate), W. Freeman (ship’s cook), S. Nowing, M. Neville, G. Morey, and A Dunlop (first-class petty officers). Naval Reserve.—D. P. Maclean surgeon), J. Frazier, (gunner), T. Collins (gunner), J. Cockle (instructor), G. Richardson and W. Horsley (first-class petty officers), R. Owen, E. Godwin, and W. Raymond (second-class petty officers), W. Keily, R, Webber, A. Hossack, A. Clarke, A. Kidd, T. Mum, 0. McArthur, T. Spivey, and W., Dyson (A.B.’s). Mr Henty, the opponent of Mr Halfey for the Southern Province addressed the Werribee electors on Tuesday night. Mr T. Agar occupied the the chair. The candi date expressed himself opposed to loca option, and leasing but was in favour of bringing the Werribee within the radius of "'suburban fares and believed in-wafcor-ooo— servation. He was in favour of opening hotels on Sunday and closed roads where required. Ho thought miners should pay surface compensation for entering on private property and was unfavourable to an export dnty on mutton and beef. Mr Henty at the close received a unanimous vote of con fidence. The Yarraville Blue Ribbon Gospel Temperance Union held its usual meeting in theUniteiiMethodistj Free Churoh, Yarravile,. on Friday evening last. The building was crowded to excess. The president, Mr Alsop, conducted the meeting. A very spirited address was given by Mr James from Ascot Vale. Some splendid recitations "and singing weregiven by Master Edward Comben, Misses May Herriot, Frances Herriot,- Charlotte Hansford, Lilly Barker and Master Samuel Crews, which together with the singing by the choir kept the audience in a good humor throughout, and at the close eighteen additional pledges were taken, which swells the total to two hundred and ninty-one up to the present date. The Breakwater pier at Williamstown ha now been thoroughly renovated and the much-needed berthing-space is at last available. The pier is now straight from end to end, the wings having been filled in. The largest of the Orient or any line of steam-vessels can now berth without any difficulty. The pier may be almost said to be rebuilt, as nearly all is new work and additional requisites to carry on the traffic satisfactorily have been added. Among tho froo scholarships lately com- | peted for at tho Melbourne School of Music that known as “The Beethoven Scholarship,” tenable for two yCara-fn the artist class (pianoforte) has'.been won\by Miss Franois Johnston of Williamstown. Robert SIow,$the colored cook of. the ship Mermerns was on Saturday last sentenced to four weeks’ imprisonment by the Williams town Bench. The Rev. Henry Wallace intends giving a synopsis of his views on “ Love, Courtship, and Marriage'-l’-o'n Thursday- cyoning next. “The Question of the Hour” formed the subject matter of. addresses by. Mr John Vale, secretary to the Victorian Alliance the Revs. L. M. Weir, J. Downing and H. Wallace in the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday evening. As the admission was free a good audience attended. Mr John Jobson,- the Mayor, occupied the chair. It is needless to add that all the speakers favored “local option” and failed to see why a publican should receive compensation for being obliged to give up his liquor traffic transac tions in a particular locality. Assisted by Mr W. S. Marsh, secretary to the Young Men’s Christian Association the Ray. J. H. Mitchell delivered another of his special addresses to young men with great success at the Congregational Church on Sabbath night last. On Tuesday night Mr A. W. Hall, the well-known secretary of the Williamstown Volunteer Fire Brigade was presented by his comrades with a very handsome badge. This uniform embellishment is of red cloth having, a hydrant worked in gold with two cross ladders and two lengths of hose worked in silver,, m the centre. The recipient acknowledged' the compliment, in t a few graceful sentences. The wish of Dr. J. G. Beaney that tho electors of the North Yarra Province would not take to'themselves a man “ who was a sworn crusader and the mouthpiece of a boasted and bigoted faction ” has boen realized. The ambition of Mr Munro to pander to the one-idead teetotaller has ! signally failed and judicious local option will get its sway all the same. On Wednesday next Mr Titeher, late dispenser to the Williamstown United Friendly Societies’ dispensary will be pre sented with a mark of esteem at Scudds’ Hotel. Tho concert to be held in tho Tem perance Hall on Wednesday evening next promises to be one of the greatest successes of its kind that has taken place in Williams town for some time. On Saturday Iast,| the postponed race meeting of the Wyndham Club took place. The attendance was very poor. Concord won the Hurdle, Kit Knubbles the Winter Handicap, Knowledge the Selling Stake, Alteration the Handicap Steeple, and Ironmaster the Shire Handicap. At the Footscray police court on Thursday William Workman, a young man who had threatened grievous bodily harm to Mr R. Kier of the Footscray Hotel was bound over to keep the peace in two sureties of £25 each A debauchee named Selway was let otf with a fine of 5s for drunkenness on promising to take the blue ribbon. Monday and Tuesday evenings are to be devoted by the Essendon and Flemington Amateur Dramatic Clnb to the productions "One Hundred Thousand Pounds,” “Tom Cobb" and “The .Rough Diamond." As the proceeds are to be handed to the interests of the Ladies’ Benevolent Society it is only to be anticipated that crammed houses will result. From time to time the caretaker of the Batteries’ reserve has ljeen annoyed by repeated acts of vandalism to the property under - his control. On Sunday last a large padlock was taken from one of the gates. The shot pyramids and turf mounds are also fruitful subjects on which to wreak inane mischievousness. At the meeting of the Railway Employes’ Association held in the Co-operative Hall, Collins street on Tuesday, a number of members from the Williamstown district was present. It is stated that there will be no necessity to go to England for a gun to replace the disabled oue in the turret of H.M.V.S. Cerberus injured a fortnight ago, as a weapon of the same , calibre and pattern can be obtained from Sydney. : The Treasury department require 2COO gallons of mineral oil for the Alfred Graving Dock. On Friday night last the Philanthropic Lodge, No. 71,1.O.O.F., held their twelfth anniversary ball in the Mechanics’ Institute, There was a programme of twenty-eight dances got through to the strains of Vernon’s quadrille band of five performers. The district officers of the order were present. During the evening Mr Llewllyn Thomas gave a solo on the harp. A moasure of thanks is due to the committee and Mr McKay, the caterer, for their efforts in making tho ball a success.- Among the most noticeable of tho ladies’ costumes were cardinal-figured satin trimmed with white laCe, claret brochC satin, cream and cardinal, ■jvhite. and pink 'tarlatan, and white llama .trjmmediwith. pink satin. On Tuesday night Constable Gorie arrested a young man named Harrigan on warrant for having failed to pay £1 10s, the amount of a fine inflicted upon him by the Flemington magistrates for assaulting another young man named O’Keefe a few weeks back. Harrigan was sent back to where the fine was ordered. ; . On Sunday last a bnrst took place to the Yan Yeah' water-main ln'-SomorvUlo road, Yarraville. The land adjoining was inundated. On the matter being reported to the police Sergeant Gray at once sent notice to the Footscray turncock, so' that the matter could be remedied. James Brown, the forger, committed for trial from Footscray, has been sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, each or two charges of uttering and twelve months on a charge, of forgery, the-sentences concurrent, and three weeks of the time to bo passed in solitary confinement. A serious accident will one day occur by engine-drivers taking trains past semaphores with the danger signal up. The brakes will get beyond control [and then loss of life will be the result. The dangerous practice referred to is very common at Footscray, especially on the Sandhurst line and should be stopped. On Tuesday night the Universal Minstrels gave their second Williamstown performance at the Mechanics’ Institute in an entire change of programme. After the usual first :parts in which the heterogenerous ballad, qnartette, song and dance bits made up an amusing programme "The Lawyer’s Boy” farce brought down the house. The company numbers among them the Westford and Gardner brothers, who manipulate on those very necessary concomitants to nigger minstrelsy the bones and tambourines, R Fitzgerald (tenor,) T. Learmouth, (alto,) A. J. West, (baritone,) J.' Pope, (basso and interlocutor) and E, Walters, (clog-dancer.) il 7 ';.7'-' On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings Dr. J. G. Beancy held enthusiastic meetings at Williamstown,' Footscray, and Yarraville. To furnish ■ his 'now well-known , views at; length would simply bo superfluous,' seeing'1 that their object has been attained. : As one of his strongest arguments against the teetotallers ho used the following from his lips of Bishop MoorhouseThere are mauy public houses which have been re spectably conducted, and the keepers of which have always observed tho law. Their trade is stoppod for the good of.the public—not, for. any fault of their..'own; They therefore. Have a clainito compensations So long as a publican kept the law lie felt morally certain that his license would he re newed, such expectation when once raised demands compensation in the event of disappointment. I believe that the various Governments, by licensing the houses . of publicans for many generations, have raised a reasonable expectation in the minds of such men that they would not be deprived of their license so long as they conducted their houses well. That expectation cannot be disregarded.” He ridiculed Mr Munro allowing the minor to enter on any man’s land if he paid ample compensation previously if the latter would turn an'hotel-keeper out of the house in which he had invested all he possessed without compensation. His illus. trations for the necessity of sanitary legisla tion were terse and pointed. He was opposed to any dogmatism that said a man should not Bpend his Sabbath as he thought fit and advocated an extension of- railway travelling on that day together with tho opening of the public library, art gallery and meaeum. Five births and three deaths at Footacray, and ten births and five deaths at Williams town, were registered for the week ending 30th August. Emigration not at presont needed to the latter. The multifarious stinkB and fumes of Footsoray are averred by the noxious- trade opponents to ho the factors of all manner of discomforts and diseases, the latest appear ing to bo duck-killing. Such is the assertion made in a letter read on Wednesday evening at the Footsoray Borough Council table from Mr John Campbell, manager of the Victoria Sugar Works, Yarraville. ■ He avers that recently death from the fumes of Messrs Cuming, Smith and Co’s manure works is the direct cause of his web-footed bipeds giving us the ghost. The matter it appears had been referred to the health officer who intimated that he could give no possible reason for this “qua, qua" epidemic being traeeabi e to the effects of said fumes, while the inspector of nuisances pithily corrobo rated by saying he “fully endorsed the opinion of the health officer.” On Tuesday last the "sharper" John Scott appealed against his conviction of twelvemonths’imprisonment on 25th July— ordered him by Messrs Challis and Aitkcns, Williamstown justices—before his Honour Judge Casey at the Melbourne General Sessions appeals. As our readers will remember Scott had swindled a stockman from Queensland named Halliday of his watch and chain and a -61 note by means of the notorious “match-box trick.” The grounds on which the appeal was made was that he was not legally before the justices named, that the conviction was informal, uncertain and insufficient and that there was no evidence to support the conviction. Sir Bryan O’Loghlen and Walsh appeared for the appellant and Mr Chomley for the respondents. “It appears that Halliday has gone to England by the s.s. Lusitania and though Mr Chomley objected to the notices of the entry of appeal, the appeal was allowed without costs. It did not appear by the conviction that the justices heard tnc case at the court of petty sessions as provided by the Justices of Peace Statute, sections 31 and 32, and it was contended that Williamstown was not the proper court for the caso to have been heard in, as the alleged offence was stated to have been committed at the Flagstaff gardens.” The conviction was quashed without costs. This is one way of encouraging scamps of Scott’s predilections. 