FAINT 'HBABT NE'ER WON FAIB LADY." " A hat of last year's fashion!" But her eyes were like grey stare." \- " And ■ her manner dreadfully quick and derided." " Bright andsparkling I should call it." "My dear Richard, you are really absurd ! The girl 1b a hospital nuree, and what woman with any refinement , or delicacy would take up such a profession as that ? It shows she can't be nice." "LadieB do such things nowadays"—less defiantly. " Now you know you're only saying so be oanse she's pretty. Of course ladies do queer things, nowadays, but that dosen't excuse an unwomanly feeling. Besides, she's only a solicitor's daughter. I shan't ask mamma to can." " But don't you think common civility " " No, I don't. She's only staying at the Beotory, and we're not forced to call on every one's friends. Besides, Captain Hardwicke is expected home, and it would make it awk ward. What-would one of Lord Belmont's tieople saiy if we asked them to meet a girl like Miss Trarers P " " All the same, she's as pretty and ladylike as any one I ever met in these parts." " Very likely, but she's not in our set. Now, Bichard, if you say any more I shall begin to think you're falling in love with her, if the idea is not too absurd." But Bichard had closed the drawing-room door upon his six sisters' languid voices, and was half way across the wide lawn, with its brilliant .parterres of summer flowers. Poor Bichard Allerdyce! only son «f the richest : banker in Chellowdean, people of good family, but witli just .that uncertainty of social posi tion which made them afraid of over-stepping apy boundaries, rather gratified at being on intimate with Lord Belmont and the Hard wickes, he was of divided mind this summer afternoon. He had been greatly. taken by that. ft wee t.. face and slight figure in the Bectory pew last Sunday ; was sensible of a thrill of more than civil interest when he met their owner talking home with the good old Bectpr after service, and was introduced to "Mips Travers," while the eyes "like grey stars "were suddenly raised to his; and he had ever since since spent a larger portion of his time than was strictly needful in walking past the Bectoiy's rose covered garden gate. But, on the other side, his sisterfe' words had certainly struck home. Brought up as all the Allerdyces were, like hot house plants, sheltered from every breath of frosty air, it was not strange that Bichard at five -and- twenty, though a big, burly enough young Englishman to look at, was but little of a man in mind or heart. Knowledge of the world had been carefully kept from him, as from his sisters, lest they should learn evil; but their very ignorance had cost them the loss of power to choose between evil and good, and had given tbem weak prejudices and conceited opinionatireness, instead of a jhind able, to discern snd prefer the right. Bichard's handsome face was overcast as he swung out of the lodge gates, and down the road. Miss Travers a hospital nurse! certainly it was a .shock. Not only did it. seem to him tmwomanly for a woman to work at all, but infinitely more so to do menial work. And then the awful thought' of "what his mothers and sisters •would say were they asked (o receive a hospital nurse as his future wife! for it had gone as far as that in Richard's susceptible mind, even in these three Bhort days. AH at once his thoughts broke off as Miss Travere herself, sweet and bright as ever, in her black dress, came out from the Rectory gate, the great Rectory mastiff pacing behind her. Now Richard's own collie was at his master's heels, and there was a border feud of long standing between those two faithful followers. There •was one angry growl, a heavy rush, a thud, and then a brown body and a black Tolled together in the dust in a manner sug gestive- of a dog's funeral on one side or the other. Richard, who was actually staggered by the suddenness of it all, could not for a , moment regain his senses; and when he did, it was to find Miss Travers' both white bands locked in the hair of Rollo's shaggy neck, pullinghim from his foe with all her strength, and calling to " Mr. Alierdyce" to " take hold of his dog and pull him off." . She waB being whirled round in the cloud of dust by the frantic waltzers before Richard could quite settle where to " take hold," but that tosk was performed for him by a gentle man in tweed knickerbockers, who started out of the White Hart," a few yards away, and ran to the rescue. Between Miss Travere and himself the combatant8 were separated, each carrying away a few fragments of the other's person; a.nd Miss Travers, flushed, panting, covered. with dust, but looking lovelier than Richard had ever seen woman look before, sank back against the Rectory wall and tried to laugh. The stranger lifted his hat, looking straight at her with a pair of piercing brown eyes. " Excuse me, Miss .Travers," he said, in rather an off-hand manDer, " but that was about as rash a thing as any one could possibly do. The dogs might both have turned on you and bitten, you jbadtyi-" <l Thank you, Captain Hardwicke, I had not the. least fear,was the only response, given with.a.little haughtiness; and the gentleman, with a nod to Richard, turned and strode away as rapidly as he had come. "Miss Travers, are your hurt?" Richard was able to articulate at last. "You never should have done a thing like that; Hardwicke was right j it was awfully rash. By the way, you know Hardwicke ?" " I'm not hurt a bit." The wonderful grey eyes were dancing with fun now. " Don't scold me, please; I know it was a silly thing to do, but I didn't 6top to think. Pray don't look so horrified!" " But if you had been bitten ?" " Well, I wasn't." And her face dimpled with a friendly smile at his shocked look. " But you know Hardwicke ?" ho persisted, unable to get oyer his surprise in that quarter. " Qbj yes," Her face grew cold iustautly " Captain Hardwieke was in hospital with, an accident some months ago—my hospital. I had charge of him there, that's all." And she pulled a rose so sharply from the hedge that it fell to pieces in her hands. " Look there!" she laughed, showering the petals on the ground before her, "let us cover over the battle field with flowers," and she laughed again. Richard went home more thoughtful than ever. Surely this woman was a novel thing in his experience of men and manners. She acted with the skill and daring of a man ; and yet he would rather not think what his sisters' faces would be like had they but seen it. Was it actually ladylike, or should she not rather have fled from the scene of. conflict, or even have screamed and fainted P To be sure, she had looked as beautiful as an aveng ing Amazon; hut was it quite correct conduct for a girl ? And Captain Hardvs icke's manner, so abrupt and dictatorial: he seemed to show her the difference in social position between a nobleman's nephew and a hospital nurse. It must have been an awkward meeting, as his sisters had said. And then a cold shiver came over him, as he thought of Miss Travers introduced as Mrs. Bichard Allerdyce at Bel mont Castle, and Captain Hardwicke's stony stare of surprise. And yet—and yet—she was so beautiful. Nearly three weekB had passed since the dog episode, and Richard's courage still wavered in the balance. He had grown to know Miss Travers well in those few weeks, and to know her well was but to love her better. There was never a woman bo sweet, so clever, so sympathetic, so beautiful—he was certain of|that—no woman he more ardently longed to have for his own; and yet—and yet! That terrible strength of character, that pro fession, that lack of pedigree! Only last nigbt in the moonlit Bectory garden, he had almost flung all prudence to the wind, she had been so dangerously, fatally sweet (she was always especially kind to. him), bnt be reeled back from the gulf just in time when she mentioned casually, without a change of voice or counte nance, that 6he had an uncle who was a chemist in Rochester. "A chemist! Shades of my ancestors, protect me!" Bichard re coiled again as he thought of it, and fancied Hardwicke's look if he could have heard her For Captain Hardwieke was still at the "White Hart," and perhaps his presence, and the atmosphere of exalted society about him, had been one of Bichard's restraining though unconscious influences. Now, as he Blowly wcrked his way up the steepest hill in the neighborhood, on his new tricycle, he was pondering the old question in his. mind. Could he take the fatal plunge, or was it too costly ? . A trim, graceful figure on the road before him, as at last he gained the summit, drove all else to the four winds ; and in an instant he bad overtaken the object of his cogitations, and sprung to the ground beside her. " Mr. Allerdyce!" she said, turning with her Own bright look to shake hands ; how like a ghost you'6tole upon me! Oh, I see, it was on a tricycle, and what a beauty! Do let me look at it." Awd Richard, nothing loath, began to display his new toy—a perfect thing in build and finish; the Allerdyce's possessions always were the most perfect o£ their kind. 3e began to explain it to her, forgetting all about the chemist uncle, but she inter rupted him. " Yes, I know all about them, thanks. I see, it is a regular bit of perfection. I should so like to try it; may I ?" Once more Bichard was dumb with surprise. A lady on a tricycle was as yet an unheard-of thing in rustic Chellowdean, and it seemed an outrageous idea to Mm. " I really don't think you could," he fal tered. " My sisters never have done such a thing." " Your sisters ? oh, perhaps not, with^ a little smile at the idea. " But I am quite used to tricycles. I ride one whenever I can get a chance." Further blow for Bichard; but there was no knowing how to refuse her, and he stood aside. She took her place like one who was thoroughly used to tricycles, and he could not but abmit she adorned her position. ^ " What a delicious hill to run down !" she said, wiih a happy little laugh, as she placed her dainty feet on the treadles. 11X really must try it." n "Tray, pray don't attempt it! was Bichard's horrified remonstrance, for the hill stretched down even more abruptly than on the side he had ascended, and near the bottom there was a sudden sharp turn, with the rail way line running just below—the nastiest bit of road for miles around. Perhaps even Agatha Traver6 would have hesitated to hazard it had it not been for the consternation in Bichard's face. , „ , " Mr. Allerdyce, you are faint-hearted, she said gaily, as she started on her downward course—a little more rapidly than she had at first intended, but Bichard's new tricycle ran smoothly. His heart was in his mouth, as the country folk sav, as she turned to elide rapidly off. She turned her head, and flashed back a merry defiance. " My uncle, the chemist: at Rochester, used to say " Then the wicked sparkle faded suddenly, and she called quick and clear, " Can you stop me, please ? The brake is stiff 5 I can't make it work ; it's run ning away." Poor Richard of the faint heart! it seemed to die within him. The next second he, had darted forward, but it waB just one second too late. The check she had been able to put on the heavy machine with the treadles ceased to keep it back, and faster and faster it tore down the perilous road. In all his life to come, Richard will never know any minute so long as tliat next, while the siraight, slight figure flying through space seemed to swim before bis eyes, and his knees knocked together as he stood. On, on—foster faster! she managed some how to cling to the steering handle, and keep the machine in the middle of the road ; but the mad pace grew more desperate. She could never turn that fatal corner by the railway embankment; over it she must go. And. it was just then that Richard and she both together saw the puff of snow white smoke from the hillside, and told th~m -that the evening express was out of the tunnel, and thundering down that very bit of line. It all flashed over Agatha in one rush ; would the fall kill her, or would it be the train ? It must be one or the other—the next second or two would settle that; and a swift prayer was on her lips, but what she never quite knew ; for even as she breathed it, some one or something in brown tweed knicker bockers hurled itself over the road side stile before her, a stout stick darted into the flying wheel, and with one quick swerve the triejcle crashed into the ditch, and lay there, a con fused mass of spinning spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flew out from its midst like a ball, and alighted on a grassy bank a yard or two away; .and the express rushed past with a wild yell on the line just below, and vanished round a sharp curve that matched the road above it. Then, and then alone, did Richard's legs regain their power of motion ; and he set off as fast as they could carry him to where the ! little black figure lay. Somehow it took longer to run down that hill than the last desoent would have led one to think; for when Richard, panting and breathless, reached the scene of the accident, the little black figure, very much out of its usual trim neat ness, was seated on the grassy tangle that broke her fall, busily binding up with her own small handerchief a deep gash in the hand of the knickerbockered person who knelt at her side. It was a very pale face that looked up at Richard's, with the sort of awe that any human creature must wear who has just been face to face with death; but her great grey eyes Lad a wonderful shining light in tliem. " The poor tricycle !" she said; I am so eorK-y. Is it very badly hurt?" And, in the fervor of his relief and gladness, Richard could find words for nothing- but— " Bother the tricycle!" He was ready enough to say.something, however, presently, when he found himself obliged to stop and see its remains decently cared for, while Captain Hardwicke took charge of Miss Travers' return to the Rectory. She said she was none the worse for her fall, but, perhapB, she was a little shaken'; but Captain Hardwicke kindly offered her his arm, and she took it. . Sichard hurried after them before long, his whole heart aglow. That awful minute this afternoon had taught him that life without Agatha Travers would seem a poor and worthless thing, were she a factory girl. He hurried after them, therefore, and came in eight of the Rectory gate as two hands, one very neatly bandaged, unclasped over it, and a small dark head raised swiftly from a brown tweed shoulder, where it seemed to have been resting. " Good gracious!" was all Richard could utter, as Agatha vanished, and Captain Hardwicke, looking odiously radiant, saun tered towards him. " Ah, Allerdyce, old fellow, caught us, have you! Then I may as well tell you all my tremendous good luck at once, and take your congratulations. Perhaps you've heard how Miss Travers' nursing saved my life last year, and when of course I fell in love with her, as wlxo wouldn't ? She would have it it was only gratitude, and refused to let me make what she called a misalliance, just, because there's that brute of a title coming to me some day. I told her I thought all that rubbish was obsolete, and offered to drop the title alto gether if she liked; but nothing would do, and we parted rather out of temper. I heard she was down here, and ran down to see my uncle, hoping he would talk her over, but I began to think it was no use. And do you know, I was frantically jealous of you, old fellow! I saw she liked you, and I almost believe you could have cut me out, early in the. day, if you'd hadthepluck to try; she was sosetagainstme. But to-day has made it all right, and she thinks I've saved her life this time, so we're quits. Well, old man, am I not the luckieBt man alive ?" "But—but—" stammered the -wretched Richard, " surely, her family!" "She's an orphan. Oh, I see what you mean; she told me she had been shocking you with an uncle who's a chemist, or a butcher, or goodness knows what. Bah! I should think the mere fact of being a hospital nurse was a patent of nobility to any woman. But if my little girl were a beggar maid she would still be a real nrincess. God bless her!" And Richard's groan mav have been an assent. —American, Queen. 