Sporting Notes. [BT THE VAGHAST.] Horse-owners and trainers should remem- ber that entries for the N. J. 0. meeting close to-day. Archie Farrell was in town on Saturday looking very well. He had been training with Dave Dunlop at Hamilton for his match with Hyde, whom he was allowing two yards start in 100. Unfortunately, however, Farrell's friends were an hour late in coming to the scratch with the second deposit, and Hyde's backers at once confiscated the £10 down. Dick Stevens also thought discretiou the better part of valour, and paid forfeit to barrell over the fifty yards match between them, so that at present Archie is without a job. With a little bit of coaxing I fancy he would make a match to run Malone 100 yards. The meeting of these flyers would be very interesting. That good little horse First "Water has been shipped for India, and has the well-known jumper BbesuB as company. It is said that Sting and Malua are also Boon: to proceed to India, and if they do they should win many races there, for there are not many better horses in Australia than either of them. | At a recent sale of greyhounds in England Snowflight, winner of the Waterloo Cup in 1882, and runner up to Wild Mint for the same event last year, was purchased by Mr. Fawcett for 500 guineas. Another dog, Sea Pilot, brought 290 guineas. Johns beat Budd in their footrace at Mud gee. It appears after all that the aale of Archi- duc was not completed, as the report of a veterinary surgeon was not satisfactory. Mr. Lefevre and Tom Jennings, sen., however, afterwards bought him, the price being 4000 guineas, with certain conditions as to his winning his French engagements. Tbe well-known English pugilist Charles Mitchell has again left for America. Some months ago Mitchell was in the States, when Sullivan attempted to knock him out in three ' rounds, and succeeded-after being assisted by the time-keeper and referee. In fact Mitchell had a bit the beBt of the " slogging." He has thickened out considerably and now . weighs 13st. He is open to fight any man in the world. I may mention that Mitchell is a very good looking young fellow with none of the bull-dog features about him so long associated with members of the P. E. He is said to be a very quick, hard hitter, and most accomplished perverter of the truth. A movement is on foot to send the well known youthful walker Willie Pranks to England to measure strides with some of the best boys of the old country, and if he is as good as described the Sydnej lad may meet anyone his age (14) with confidence. A famous English mare has lately had to be destroyed owing to severe attacks of rheu- matism, which had rendered her a complete cripple. I allude to Caller-Ou, a daughter of Stockwell and Haricot. She was bred' hy the late William I'Anson, of Malton, and was undoubtedly one of the best mares that ever heard the rustle of silk. Caller-Ou's opening attempts at racing were not very promising, as Bne only got home first in three races out of about a dozen starts ; but she trained on, and as a three-year-old won eight races in seventeen attempts. AmongBt these victories was her sensational defeat of the Derby winner Kettledrum and sixteen others for the Doncaster St. Leger. The "blue ribbon " wearer started at 6 to 4 on him, whilst Stockwell's daughter was at 1000 to 25 ; but the odds did not alter the result, as the filly won after a ding-dong race by a head. - Caller-Ou's principal successes were gained in the historical Queen's Plates as she placed no less than thirty-four of these races to her credit. Altogether she competed in ninety-eight races, and was successful in exactly half of them. Like many other good animals she was not a wonderful succeBB at the stud, Tbe Pearl and Pilchard being about the best of her produce. Another good son of hers was Koysterer, winner of last year's City and Suburban. Sbe had attained the age of twenty-six years when destroyed. Matt JoneB is, I believe, undergoing his studies under that accomplished tutor Dave Dunlop for his match with Sutton. The latter is under the care of his brothers. Both men are confident of success, and which ever wins he is very likely to fly at somewhat higher game. _ The Autumn meeting or the Hawkesbury Race Club will begin on Thursday next, and will be continued on Saturday. From present appearances there is every prospect that the gathering will be a successful one in all respects. At first it appeared as if there would be no betting on the course, aa it was agreed among the knights of the magic pencil to "Boycott" the club, but they were not unanimous, and about a score of fielders have applied for permission to ply their avocation. It is my intention only to deal with the two principal races, the Bowley Mile and the Autumn Handicap, and I speak on these with no degree of certainty, for the weights have been arranged very nicely. To proceed : Sardonyx is now top weight in the mile race with 9at. 2lbs., and if fit and well the constant little fellow should run into a place. I like Archie's chance very well with 8st. 121bB, as the son of Sapidity is undoubtedly a terribly fast colt over short distances. Soldier Boy is another clinker, and I expect Despot, if started, to give trouble. Great things are said of the Canter- bury Park winner, Maroney, but he may be reserved for better things. The same remarks apply to EmpreBB. Gladiator has been'run ning well lately, and may give us a surprise. Phyllis is also in very fair form. The dis- tance is not long enough to make the bad ones tail out, but the best of those engaged are weighted well up to Sardonyx, who I ex- pect to see win, with Archie, Soldier Boy, and Despot as his attendants. Thirty-seven horses yet remain in for the Autumn Handi- cap, but thiB number will be considerably re- duced before the flag falls. Morpeth heads the list with 9st. 21 OB., and although I am told the son of Goldsbrough and Goldfinch is the stable choice, I receive the infor- mation with great doubts. I do not think that, good horse as the chestnut is, he can carry 9at. 6lba. to victory, or 151DB. more than he won the Australian Cup with. I» would as Boon trust Sardonyx'with 9st. 21bs. Sweet William meets Morpeth on 121bs. better terms than he did in the Cup, which is about a fair thiDg, but the unfortun- ate son of Yattendon may be reserved for the Bandwick campaign. I will have to pass Pell Mell, and Ï do not think Stockdale is as he used to be. It is too far for Archie, and and I doubt if Soldier Boy will strip. Glen coe is always going to come off, but don't. First Demon appears to be a bit wrong, judged by his late running, but be is not badly treated, and should beat Kingsdale on public form, but it should not be forgotten that the latter comes from a family that im- proves with age, and he may surprise the talent. I like nothing better than Despot, who I think will be the Hon. JameB White's " real Sir Boger" on the day. Silverhairs has not made his appearance this long time, being always reported " crooked," but if his had leg stands I expect him to win a big race during the coming meeting. A few clever people ara on Here's Luck, but although fast he ap- pears to be a bit faint-hearted. Maroney has been well supported during the paBt few days, but I prefer Lochinvar at even weights. The son of Kelpie and Rosebud has been showing very good form lately, and if properly wound up he will be very hard to beat. Empress is one of the best handicapped animals in the race, and her condition is perfection. I will not go further down the list than Young Australian, who has been well" backed by certain parties of late, and I know him to be a good one. Without mare ado I must con- fess to a fondness for Despot, Empress, Lochinvar, and Young Australian. " Who is the dark 'un that is to row Han Ian ? " is tbe. question that now disturbs the minds of followers of aquatics, and causes endless discussion at street corners and in quiet pubs. Some facetious people, affirm it must be Reynolds who is meant, as that rower has the distinguished honor of being the only black who follows the game in the colpnies. Others say itisClifford, butalthough theDapto man is perhaps the " coming " sculler, it must be remembered he has had little experi- ence in outrigger rowing, and has not arrived at that stage of proficiency to give bim a chance with Hanlon. I think what was meant by " a dark 'un " was only a bit of blow, and if not already matched the first mau I fancy who will measure strokes with the Canadian will be his old opponent Trickett. The ex-champion of course has not the ghost of a chance of winning, bat still the game will pay. How Beach and Laycock, will fare at Hanlan's hands may be spoken of when either of them are matched with him. I may mention that our local champion, Ned Sheppard, went tú Sydney a few days ago to take part in the skiff race at Wooloomooloo regatta to-day. His handi- cap is 301b. The following figures were obtained by a sporting census taken in Canada a little while bach, and are interesting to sportsmen all the world over; There are 1-5,000 lacrosse players, 5000 curler?, 4,000 snow shoers, 3000 or 4000 cricketers, 2000 footballers, 1000 rowing men, 1000 base ballists, 1000 bicyclists, and 10,000 given to other sports, horse racing, billiards etc. 42,000 ia a nice proportion to be ad- dicted to some sort of Bport out of a popu- lation of say 3,000,000. Una, formerly in Tod McCarthy's stable, Sydney, and lately running about the Murru- rundi district, bas beeu sent to Maitland to be trained by Matt Scott. The public fought shy of the footraces in which the brothers Noud competed against Malone at Grafton this week, and betting was consequently very slack. In the first race, in which Malone gave Thomas Noud six yards in 150 for £25 a-aide, the local man appeared to be mysteriously slow in leaving the mark and was headed before running half the dis- tance. In the other match the Irishman con- ceded four yards start in 150 to William Noud for £25 a-side. The pistol only snapped at the start, and after the men had left their marks Malone hesitated until the starter called out to go, and then Noud had obtained three or four yards start. A desperate race ensued, but Malone never got quite up, Noud winning by a foot. Malone offered him the same start for £100 a-side. J. I. Case has issued a challenge offering to back his horse Jay-Eye-See against any trotter or pacer in America for as much us £2000 a-aide. It will be noticed that the horse's name ia the master's initials. The Morpeth Regatta Committee have very liberally offered £40 for an all- comers' out- rigger race on May 24th. Mr. Kenneth M'Lean has supplemented the money prize by a ten guinea trophy. James M'Leavy, a native of Alexandria, Scotland, for many years champion mile runner, recently died in the Boyal Institute, GlnBgow. He had only shortly before returned home from America broken down in health. From Wellington comes the intelligence that it is intended to send the New Zealand champion sculler Hearn over to Sydney to try the paces of Laycock, Hanlon, and others. Imperial, by Maribyrnong, who won the Sydney Cup in 1875, is stillas fresh as a colt, and is to be found at Moonee Valley. He is sixteen years old. The Scotch athlete, Donald Dintiie, has arrived in Melbourne. He creates some amusement in the streets by always appearing in his kilts. He is already out with a chal- lenge to wrestle in mixed styles, or to give starts in weight throwing. In throwing the hammer he will give 10 feet start, in putting the stone 2 feet, in throwing the balf-cwt. he will give 1 foot. Professor Miller, who haB taken to himself the title of champion athlete of the world, has issued a challenge to wrestle Dinnie, and to compete against him with heavy dumb-bellB for £200 a-eide. Miller in- tends leaving for America on May 22. The Scotchman at once accepted the Professor's challenge re the dumb-bells, and invites him to put up some money. Dinnie should be get- ting too old to wrestle well. An effort ÍB being made in England to in- troduce the totalisator. The machine should be in much favour there. Bernard Murphy, of Melbourne, has for- warded a challenge to young Hutchens, I champion boy walker of England, and will either give or take expenses. Weights for W allsend racea will be found in this issue. The weights have made their appearance for the rich Adelaide Cup. The Gem is one of the best treated horses entered. I intend having a look at the Tocal year liDga and will speak of them next week. Keep the small potatoes for feeding to cattle. They aie unreliable OB seed, and it is poor economy to keep them for this purpoáe. A delicate way to serve oysters is to cook them in a little walter with butter and aalt to suit the taste, then toast some thin slices of bread, and put a layer of oysters well seasoned between two slices. Governor Murray has dipped his pen in fire and will send a red-hot message to the Utah Legislature on (he subject of polygamy. What good will it do, when that body is largely composed of Mormons ? It always rains the day the new carpet ia put donn. 