THE NOVELIST, JACK'S COURTSHIP.* A. SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP. WRECK. Btf w. Clauk Russell. Chapter XXIII. mr. moreoombe is very ILL. The moment Florence wag gone Daniel came up to me. I should have been dad of a spell of solitude, if merely to enjoy the luxury of thinking over this meeting and conversation with my darling girl, and the noble hope that had come to me: but my friend was not to be put off. ■ „!VYou bod a longish bout of it, Jock," said he. By thunder, she,has a proper face and figure! Does she use her heels or her toes when she walks# "Never saw such a floating movement ina woman 011 a rolling deck. \\\ ill not she be a fine dancer now. eh? How have you got on ? ', > . " Pretty much as you did when you were courting, Daniel. 1 am greatly obliged to you for your friendly offices." "Not at all. Glad to have been able to steer you ; but you're on your own hook now, my lad : well out of my pilotage district, and must shut for yourself. But that I thiuk you know how to do. How does she relish you under that confounded name of yours, which I can never remember?" I made him some kind of answer, and I changed the subject- by asking where the tU" was to drop us. "Abreast of the Fore" land, he replied. " Yonder's Margate," and he pointed to the land, which, owing to the haziness, loomed faintly in the distance, as though it were leagues away. The wind had freshened, and was blowing a steady breeze with weight enougli in it to give a heel to the ship, though she was under fore and aft canvas only. The swell caiue along from the north and cast with o regular Channel roll, and a bit of a sea 011 top that hissed sharply in small green surges, and made an eager glancing under the sun that sailed fast among the squadrons of windy clouds which swarmed along the pale autumn blue. The swell was nearly ahead, and the ship pitched slowly as she went smothering a broad space of water around her with a surface of blowing and winking I and shining foam at every crushing and j sheariug blow of the powerful bows and cut water ; and the tug ahead sometimes rolled sponsons under as she dragged at us, now and again hoisting one or the other of her wheels almost bodily out of water into the air, where you could see it spin round like a circle of bright steel sparkling wet 111 the sun, and dipping her head in the smother she raised until the sea-line beyond stood ns high as the bridge, and then slackening the great hawser into a bight as her stern swooped into the snow under her counter and gave us a clear view of her deck. Some of the steerage passengers overhung our forecastle rail or main deck bulwarks, very sick. The chief officer was forward standing by for the tug to let go, and the crew lounged about waiting for the order to make sail. It was a moment full of interest and excite ment The little steamer ahead was the final link that connected us with home, and she would be dropping U3 very soon, like the withdrawal of the hand that gives you the last shake. There was a fleet of smacks retching to the eastwards on our port bow, jumping the green hollows heavily and crowding a space of the cloudy sky and the jagged olive- green of the hazy horizon with their chocolate-coloured sails ; a few gulfe hung in our wake, peering with arched necks into the boiling eddies and balancing them selves like shapes of marble against the streaming wind, now and again uttering hoarse cries as they stooped to the foam which flew scattering from the rolling coils of the waves like feathers from their own beautiful.breasts; right ahead of us was a small galley-punt; flashing through the seas under her fragment of reeled canvas, with a oouple of men in yellow oilsliln sitting to windward and a tellow crouching aft'; the wind was keen and damp with spray as it blew in moans over the bulwarks and'rushed with a shriek through the rigging into the staysails, and there was a hard look in the sky -to the southward and eastward, away past the tinv red dancing blotch of the North Sands Head lightship, which made me suspiect that s« teaser lay lurking there in readiness for us presently. , „ , . . We were beading to pass the Goodwins to the eastward, which would keep the land a shadow wherever it was. About^ three quarters of an hour after Florence had left j the deck the tug dropped us. Lunch was on the table; I bad Blipped below to get some thing to eat, and I would have stopped there had Florence been visible, but uot seeing her, and preferring the hnsy cheerful scene on deck to Captain Jackson's views on the de cadence of the Koyal navy, and Mrs. 0 Brien s loud abuse of her native country, I was soon 011-tbe poop again, watqhing the tug pitching and flinging the green ^^r ^tr -shiiung ^howe^of «mwal<fc bv^lier^orwArd deck as she swept in h lohg curto aw from ns a fellow on the bridge waving lushat, and the thick smoke of the funnel blowing like flying acud straight into the land, .Hands were nloft on our ship, canvas was rattling its -folds, chain Sheets were grinding and tearing upon the sheaves, and the crew were springing about in all directions^raising, those hoarse peculiar cries which are 1® W ears as much a portion of, j ears as uium » .. the seething of foam or the singing of the wind. I could hardly realise that I had nothing to do with all this business as I stood sraqking my pipe to leeward of the Skylight watching the chief mate on the forecastle bawling, the second mate on the main deck yelling, ond the third mate on the popjp sbeetuig home with the apprentices and ordinary seamen, swigging off on, the bal IjoreUp and tailing on to Ihe braces. It 'Was bard • to believe that my duty did not lie eomewher& and that in a M&$Be '■h wruff ' Hnice Would the; blazes nnri toSGfinbx my my leu j^tJemmShey „ d&r; wm :<ivea'i^was 'sifcmh^toieaby % voiteyorbrecra ttous. Discipline and bard work at sea grow into so strong a habit that a sailor can't hear -• - Bi—rliririno- or the SOngS of into iw ouvuk « the flinging down of rigging or the songs of seamen without leeling that he ought to be pulling and hauling too. Cloth by cloth sail was made; and soonthe Stratbmore was lean ing with lee channels swAsh under three Whole, topsails,' spanker foresail, and main — »• rjinvas as ,WUOie iVJJoauref ... topgallant sail. This Was a$ much canvas as she needed in those narrow waters,1 and in the.face of a freshening blast that braced our yairaB pretty nearly fore and Bit and kept the " 4-nn, 11 PuJJlg, !0n* not ^e'P to smooth, and ?ikkL £oai.we measured with our Hying hrin^0^,a magnetic south-east to v^nlf . 6 w'der waters east of the le"°Z GoJ0<J«rms found the liquid folds neavier and the surges stronger and sharper. To go away right aft as I did when sail had been made and the tug was a mere leaping shadow down in the windy thickness astern, and stand to windward of the wheel that was gripped by a powerfully-bnilt seaman with uf11 e an(t reddish bc&rd; and gleaming •5!aCa eJas which fell and rose from the weather topgallant leech to the binnacle card with the regularity of the heave of the , *«ip—boys I it was a sight after three years of shops- and -pavements to keep my heart dancing—believe that! Why, from the roj'al masthead-over which the brown clouds were m shoals along the thickening foul weather blue'down'to the yellow metal to windward under the bends where the lumi nous green billows. flashed into yeast, , and ru8lied in giddy milk-white whirlpools astern, the ship made a marine picture lit to serve as a memory for life j for you had the great topsaUB bursting into brilliant spaces, or fading into ashen grey as the sunbeams dame and went among the driving vapour; una there was a roll of thunder in every white hollow when the spars swept up against the wind, and made the strong breeze furious' aloft, and when the giant bows -mounted up wards with a steady heave upon the gleaming brow of a sea whose valley lay- in violet beyond it, and forked up the jibbooift as though some mighty spirit of- the deep had grasped it, and was showing the ship the way to heaven, and then descended with a. gradual, shearing, crushing sweep of the cut water that raised d snow-storm under the figurehead, and hewed out of the Bolid hollow a green sea on either hand, which to Wind-1 war.l met-the oncoming • surges, -and was shattered by them into a splendour of swirling j white, blobs and feathers of which, like chips | of wood under the fall of an axe, would blow over the forecastle as the ship drove forward, ' and whirl away into the sky when they eame into the streaming wind that poured out of] tlie marble-hard convexities of the sails. Uut line as the sight was, I reckon the pas sengers thought there Was little to admire as they vomited over the side or lay helpless on the deck or in their bunks below. It is 110 ] joke to the landsman to come from the smooth water of the '1'hames into a sea, that J could not be worse, so far as bis stomach is concerned, were it the Atlantic in a gale. •Sailorsare not a very sympathetic raw; when a 11 oat, but during my three years of shore-life a good deal of the brutal indifference that is given to one by a calling made up of kicks, hard weather, and bad food had leaked away ; and as I stood looking on to the main deck from the break of the poop I saw plenty to excite my pity in some of the poorly-clad folks who with their chins on the rail seemed to be yielding up the ghost, and ill others staggering with yellow faces along the deck with outstretched hifeds, end in the women who sat here and there oft coils of rope 011 the hatch-combings or under the bulwarks, with their gowns over their heads, forced by the motion below into the fresh air, and now trembling from the ..cold raw September sea-wind without any other refuge than the sickening, straining, groaning 'tween decks from which they bad. been expelled by nausea. Saitoriften know "bad times and endure great hardships, but on*toy soul I think that of all the people who go to sea, whether for a living or merely to get Across the ocean, the emigrant or third-class pas senger suffers the most. Look at liis bill of fare—the greasy pea-soup, the green salt pork, the horrible pudding of boiled , slush and Hour, the cheap preserved meat, which whether putrid,qr not is quite as Jikelyjbo be dog or cat &$ beef or mutton; look at his ac commodation, the' dafkBome interior into which he is crowded as thongli he and his fellows were beasts of the field meant for slaughter under ,iin act ofParliament on their arrival; look—but I dare not go On pointing out I have sailed in ships with emigrants, I have seen tliein fighting like wild hrntes round the galley for the meal which the weakest or the last-comer bade fair to go without; I have heard shipmasters revile and curse them for carrying well-grounded com plaints aft, calling them beggars and saying they were never So well off: I have seen deli cate women and children slowly dying of hunger because the horrible nausea excited by the sea had created an invincible loathing of the coarse, ill-cooked, disgusting rations supplied to them; and I say, taking these poor people's experience all round, the diet, the darkness of the places they sleep and live in, their food and treatment, and adding to it all the pangs which people feel who leave their native country, and who are oppressed by all the gloomy uncertainties which fill the minds of those who turn their faces towards a new world in the hope of ^finding bread for their children there, that hard as the sailor s life is, ill as be is fed. poorly dshfe is clothed, and severe as his toil is. his sufferings even as a first voyager, when he is no more than a boy, and is kicked about as a boy, are not, in my opinion, comparable to what Is un dergone by hundreds of poor people who are driven by want to ctoss the ocean. I remained on deck, constantly hoping that Florence would . arrive. Though, her aunt was apparently prostrate, there was evidently no fear,of sea-sickness attacking my sweetheart, for whilst urn had walked and talked I took notice that she seemed to feel the ship under her "as a horsewoman would a frolicsome roare, and to enjoy the vessels lumping as though the dance were a hurdle race. I stumped about, sniffing up the keen salt wind And tasting the spray on my lips and relishing the sweetness of .it, my thoughts full of my darling, though, some little attention I could give to the ship and the foaming and rushing sea through which the Strjithmore was squeeang and rolling. Such were the fancies my talk with Florence had put into my head, that it seemed to me, if her father had wanted to play-into my hands, he could hot hftVjsdone better than send his daughter ^ Australia, along, with Motccombe. Farticulhrly had 1 noticed the resentment in her.^ben ebp,spoke of her aunt The more she thought overthfe ruse the mote pained and disgusted was she hound to feel It was not for ber health, for her amusement, that her father had sent her away; no, but, that Monjcombe and she might be lopked .up in a place where no Jack Seyihour could intrude uponnwto whiffeonjt his love.' *Mr.' Httwfce's yodnjg irlend would have her " Damaris, — him: that was'the idea,; man as a son-in-law. merely because some of these days he would be making his wife her ladyship, Mr. Hawkewas, willing to send his cbUd to Australia,-dose her companionship for he would scarcely know how long, fenb ject her to the daggers of tlie sea, and inflict upon her the a$»&ons; of the creature she had already refused I Would not such, con siderations vex and disgust my hieh- spinted eirl more ahd more asshe looked into and InderstoM jhferiil JfrW 3 new> % fef vet* onlynftfl bug discovered. tuc meaning oFthe voyage; but already had jut done a deal of work in her feelings, as J could tell; and. faith. I should not have .been much ,of a lover if I did not quietly re joice ovet 'the nbssibllity of her >rebefll«|f! agalfast her father's wishes in a, mariner sweater to myself and taoreerhphatic to l&m;, thah was signified in' the mete refusal of Mr. Morecoinbe's empty heartland itching palm. We had left the North Sands Head light vessel dancing fast and furious a long way astern, and the deep ship, pressed down pretty nearly to her-covering- board lj>y the weight of Jier wlnile topsails, into Tvfeich the wind was rushing vvifcn a shout' as tnouch it must presently burst' throughIhe^ltoined," distended spaces, was heavily breaking her way through the quick fiercfe head sea of the Channel, her forecastle dark and wet, lifer running gear blowing out ip semicircles, the foretack groaning like a wounded giant with every roll of the hull, the Screw in oilskinte, the older salts among tligm casting their eyes to windward at the stormy look of the driving sky that way, and then aloft in evi dent readiness for an order to reef down; and the decks forward wholly cleared of the passengers by the llying wet. It was a winter piece, for thfe wind was as raw as if frost were in it, thfe sea was a hard dark green out on the hOrizon, the clouds "as they dew tout of the south liiid east and swept like smoke over our mastheads seemed to be full of snow, with their slate-coloured bellies, lining into a Whitish grey at the skirts, and though • tlic distance was thick, yet there was the sharpness of outline you see in things on a clear frosty January morning in all objects this side -the haze, -such as the buoy that slided past us, rising and falling amid a showering of spray and leaning with the tide, in the white water that Hashed and quivered upon the submerged Goodwins, in the two or three black-hulled smacks which were heading for the North Sen, burying their bowsprits with every, chopping fall, and in the paddle-steamer that was passing up oil \ our port quarter, her<sides shilling like oil as ] she lifted away from Us, with her red wheel twinkling over the foam in which the next ] roll would bury it, I was about to go below,to be' out of thel wind for a spell, when theorder,toclew up ' the niiuntopgnllunt sail was given; and a; minute afterwards another order was de livered, the chief mate echoed it, and the boatswain's pipe took it up with a long, piercing, silvery whistling, instantly followed by his hurricane roar of ''.-Ml bands reef topsails." I lingered to watch an old familiar-) scene. The topgallant.halliards were let go, the sail clewed un, and the figging jumped to j the sprawling of the fellows who slapped the | ratlines as they mounted the shrouds and swarmed over the top like revolving por poises. Down came the three topsail .yards J with a tearing sound of whirling'shcaves and ] rattling of chains/and then followed a thumps" ing and thundering -of canvas 'as fhe -feef- j tackles were manned, whilst the seamen ] heartily chorused, and the ship, with her way slackened and the pressure uloft nearly gone, bowed and curtsied with almost -erect spars j upon the head sea that poured in sharp com cushions against her weather bow. "When I : saw the third mate jump aloft for the weather mizzen topsail earring, followed by the%>rass- J bounders and theordinary seamen, my fingers , languished for the feel of aTatlirife and a reef- j point; but it did not answer my purpose to 1 let the cuddy passengers, a few of whom had come dn deck on'tiearingthe noise, -seetne on' the topsail yard, and guessdrom the spectacle i that 1 knew the difference befwjxta bafcltstay j and a brass rail ; so I kept where 1 was. Heeling topsails is a. lively thing/to wateh, boys, as you know, "wlieri" there aVe litiridS ] enough for all three sails -at once, jjpd the j men are nimble; for at such.anmejS«|r,e will be plenty of \rind—unless ytUi're pro viding against a low glass in whatoldack Spaniard calls u, furious calm—and.tlie screeching of it as it sweeps off the Combing ridges with a slanting bound right, up alohg the canvas, making it boom like a thousand drummer-boys athvork up there,-,i8 tlfe'Sdit of accompaniment that is waated.to 'jmafcfe music of the deep-sea notes of djie inen lighting over to windward end hauling.out to leeward ; the surges run along the .bends with a wild washing noise p. the,wheel-leaps] in the bands of the man greSpiug thelsjHikeej as the sea smites thC rodder niid full and gurgling under the ■counfer.ipfinB there is a kind "of stran«eness an ike ..re covery of the ship fr m -thcslopfe she has been rushing along with,;- and' in/ the tumbling, rolling, straining, creaking ,f>au?e as if something was wrong. "AVeii, I stopped until .the men were off theyards, ahdnad mastheaded them with a^rattling chantey at each halliard, and tben.taking-notice ssihe ship leaned dbwh^^fr 'trader reefed canvas and snapped and worried the seas as she gained way,- ho'wa- number df-j windbound ciaft in the Downs oyer our fee J bow were shaping themselves out of the haz in rocking outlines, and how the coast there, which should be as white as milk in the sun shine, hung like a smoky louring ofVaptiur betwixt heaven and water, I walked to the companion and trotted down the steps, , feel ing all the enjoyment of a. special privilege now that my darling and I had been properly: introduced, and-we could meet without rigk_ of a betraying exclamation or ah fequaTy traitor-like blush, such as Daniel, had de scribed. t On entering my cabin I found a mah seated; on a box close to Morecoinbe, who lay iri'hls bunk moaning in the most dismal manner. The stranger stood up as 1$hnt$he dpoh^d j rom his appearancelfcatlie Wifc j suspecting from his appeiirauc. the ship's surgeon, whom;' I Had hot htefore] seen, 11 o doubt trom the drcumstaiibe bf-ftiljy cabin and apothecary's Shptobeirt" in tlife; steerage under .the cuddy,a6K;edrdiitn straight if he Svas -the/dotlor, and^&e; answered " Yes t ;i ffave^bB'enS^n&i.tojtbis;: gentlfemMi by the 'hteward. iTela certainly* very bad 11 ,don't li ke his 'sympton\B lat alk j Indeed;-! don't believp he the^oyajjfe^'l • I neeredlhto^thebhhk iaha.myereljpttifig] used to the.g|oa&:f|<hr,.ybu sf^ the sty vistn made np of whirllnK^nQnlr,^^^ the scuttle ; which tjhe lee heel'bl thehhip pointed at the) sea let m but very little of wliat light there was, I made out Mr.Morecomhelyinglikeai corpse, his eyes closed, his face of the colour5 of a turnip, with: go»ts. of sweat all over it, .; and a kind of saliva draining fromthelips. whilst the posture of hid arhisnnd half-closed i . . .i- v a: name was Griffith—a young had shipped/ llkembBtli^iidi experience by !: did not want Him, I 6ay, to tell me that. ' >ad way. I ieall^ Morecombe was in n veryl . could hot help) pitying thp jfeijow/jaa he^tey.; with. mganing nojses breaking frpm'Tns" mou^h^^n^ooklng^H|e a we pilot, " If you tffinfjje fiUptwd not'nur sue the voyage, phafsi to/ho-dphe? bound right away out; there's to be hp more stopping, I think." J ,J 1 ' Well," replied the medidb, ^ he fcatt't go on like this., He Mhst 'be#ot feshore how, if he don't phow signa of jftwiyery, Yon, should have beeqjieretwehty.nunuies eitfce.''i6idr I' T riever sawlmcsr^ fudorts^ana I dreadful retching," lowering his voice; " the 1 veins on In's head stood out like that," says •be, holding! ufl^hif fltigeri;" afcd fSlxpected evcrjf minufe tP^Pthebrebdcome 4fc> out of him tike alouiftain." - :--r- ^ 1 " He seemed^ll i&ht; this inocning in the iriveiv" said J. *• If P " The water wrs smooth—but this is cruel —it is killing me!" groaned the sufferer, to my surprise ; for by the looks of him I should have thought that if he was not past hearing he was certainly past speaking,! «i rr e ^ i " Don't you think yohr naufiea' will isnb gidef said 1, Most people are ill ajgthe flr&t;%tart, you knOw.bnfcthej^recovPr when they feel the long deep sea-heave of blue water under them." '. T lie inade' hci answer to tills,1 lot 'a 'reason that was only too fully explained by a sudden explosion that I .thought would have torn him1 in halves. I dropped on ode'knee and Rupported him, whilst the doctor assisted him in other' wrvyfi; liifj threes and convnl 6ions were truly formidable ; indeed, I had never seen anything of the kind to approach his, and when I let him sink back I thought he had fainted ; he scarcely seemed to breathe, and his face presented a most ejjastlyappenrance from the puffydiscolonra tion under the eyes causetf by his violent straining. "I can't let this go on," said the doctor; "he must beset ashore somehow or other. I'll not be responsible for his life if we cany him much farther" "Well, sir," said I, "suppose you go and speak to the captain, and ask him to come and look for hitnself. ' I'll keep watch here." .He assented, and left the cabm. "Do you feel a little easier?" I asked the poor moaning creature, fancying that the last burst-up might have relieved him. He replied in the faintest imaginable voice, " No, 1 am vewy ill—I am dying—the cap tain must land me." •"liut." said T, "you told me you had done some yachting in your time. Won't yon give yourself a chance? This is bound to pass if you'll hold on." ; " I've done very little "yachting—always in Emootli water—never weally liked it," be gasped out; " this is killing—1 shall never wecoyer—the captain-must land me." The doctor and he knew move about it, of course, than I did, for at .tijftt time I never reckoned sea-sickness a dangerous thing to ■some folks ; perhaps because, never suffering from...it, I iia<l.no.-sympathy., with people affected by it. Hut since then I have heard of peojde dying, of it, and only .tire other day read of. a steamer that called. at a port some miles out of her course to land a woman who was sp ill frOm the; effefctsof nausea, that she expired' as she was being conveyed ashore. Yet;Vhough Tcdulff fibt'giI€sB tli'at there was anjr uneommon ganger i 11 -Meyecombe's siclc ness, it was.^eOTyjJp see thajt the man was suffering horribly, and if there was no chance of his recovering shortly, he must be got out of the shipj. for' even the length of the Channel from the powns to ..the frillies would be leagues too much of a-voyage for a stomach that promised to kill its owner by rapturing a bloodvessel or two if its agony was not .-ended; i fay I.could see that; and small as would heme notice I should have taken On my oWn account, of the staggering lolling deck, yet the sight of Morecombe made me clearly understand what the rude -and giddy motion must-seem to him, with its accompaniments of creaking . and. straining •timbers' the washing aiid thundprinfc of water alongside/and the deep hollow gwgle-of the seas as they swelled up over the scuttle and veiled.the immensely fhick ^ass of it with the glimmering green darkness of their folds. Presently the doctor returned with my friend Daniel, who stood awhile trying to catch , sight of Morecombe, who lay in the dusk of the bunk, and tiien, making out how fearfully ill. lis looked, he said, with a deal of pity.andgopd feeling in his voice, "I am sony to find .you so bad, 6ir. If you feel unable tpjCpht&ue; the voyage, there need be tftihe scuttle* "for there'll be too much wUl.d%.and sea to .enable us to,, do anyifeipg . in. that way this side of to-nlraprk)}- yon-can manage to'hoi4i^»htil.weietch the Isle of Wight, the mip©J-hPieastir»g us there,. and you can ? bad,": answered More comfe;in.so !faiUt and "<ch oking a voice that the sk^Pr had to*pntdiis ear to his mouth to liearffiim above theH»nnding;and complain ipgnoisea in-the cabin. Here the doctor mmkPtO- Thompson, talking in a Sow tone thatMoreeombemight notbeax him, so that t did hot catch what Was said; but there was great gravity in the medico's face, and by the §ancesJMorecOmbedirected at the sufferer, I could Judge he was a good deal -concerned by what ne ivas bearing." Well, you know,-sea sickness js jar tbinE'fpr - which nq curejiias been,cUscoyerpti yet: the doctor could dcr no Mhihv.'ahdit vv as plain that the only remedy for: Morecopibe was to puf him. op solid ground; and looking at li im and thinking of Florence, 1 began to consider that nothing better could happen for us all than that he hhould leavfe trie ship: Whether something to that effect was in Daniel's mind I can't say: but 1 fancied there was a kind of wink in the droop of the eye he turned on me as he .slewed round on his heel to leavjf the cabin saying tp the doctor as he went that he was afraid tberm was no chance of : landing Mr. Yebt^ainstmygMtf'to leavplhetww^Mp donp/ soIiold^Hc^FT*sa3ald stop with sjvoohing feolingidpjirm- a'nd supporting him Vyhen the deadly j|bjbrfe&dung; seized him ; but the job was fgig, letj^nft tell you, I had pot much relish allft asjfffrmpof Hie attacks wetePobadrih^T^^^.WuQ^lyiightened head .,sea with such%ifitSfn^f fits bis f hPtdd not imagine. He mu^H«ave^tr&V;^5ia' in his iime,.been U|>oh Hie-water ifiO®Sy.fSr a short run, such as fromDovertoCal&is;, or Holy head to Kingstown; and would, therefore, ,knowjvhntflqijt of eeafurjng &ujditj;<$,he pos sessed. , He was too ill tosnswerquestipns, ■was unable to epeukt indeed, and so I could bhly gP 'on-niinisteringJto hhnniid puzzling tnyhead-'ijkhd what a%ingvtas this to come abohtl ' "Herfe" SrPii'vre dhe^s&tot;! we, I say, in one *.i 