MISCELLANY. ME. FETOKEIC HABBISON writes on " The GhoBt of Religion" in the March number of the Nineteenth Century. Is the title of his article, asks the Tablet, intended to describe the PoBitivist faith ? THE tenants on A portion ofJLord Devon's Limerick estate have offered, in aooordaoce with his lordship's suggestion, to purchase their holdings. The price they are willing to pay is twenty years' rent, calculated on the poor-law valuation. Miss HASTINGS, of Malvern, a relative of Warren Hastings, completed her 103rd year lately. She was just ten years old at the time of the acquittal of her illustrious relative. IT is reported that seven of the cousins of King Theebaw have been massacred in the palace at Mandalay, being suspected of being oonoerned in the late attempt to fire the palace. A MARRIAGE will shortly take place between Mr. J. Hugh Moore Garrett, Dromkeen, Cavan, Ireland, and Amie, Baronees de Poellnitz, daughter of Baron de Poellnitz, of Babenwohl, Brogenz, Austria, and grand-daughter of James Ochonchar Lord Forbes, late of Castle Forbes, Aberdeenshire. THE mortality in Madras from small-pox eatinues hitih, no less than 271 deaths having ooourrnil lately in one week. Tbe total mortality in the oity was 516, or at the rate of sixty-seven and one-third per thousand. CDUEINO the trial on the 6th May at St. Petersburg of the Nihilists, Duhelzki and his daughter, the prisoners, stabbed themselves—tbe father fatally and the daughter dangerously. THE total number of cattle, sheep, and swine affected with foot and mouth disease in Great Britain during 18S3 was 461.113, HS compared with 37,949 in 1882. In Ireland the number of cattle so affected in 1883 was 96,173; sheep, 17,503; swine, 692—a total of 114,365. THIS is what they think of the British Empire in Berlin. The Tagblatt, apropos of tbe Congo treaty, writes:—" From Heligoland to Aden, in all the seas, and under all latitudes, tbe English possessions bloek up the most important routes. It is sufficient now-a-days to look at the map of Africa in order to see how shrewd England, never forgetting that Neptune's trident is the soeptre of the world, surrounds the dark oontinent with her coils. To north and eatt, to south and west, the English possessions gird the African coasts like a chain. Very soon there will be no important river-mouth left unooonpied by the English or their feeble proteges, the PortngneBO." THERE is a rumour that the Russians have had, after all, to fight for Merv, the importance of which announcement is that they will probably make an excuse for keeping a larger force near the Anglo-Indian frontier than will be qnite agreeable to England. A RANGOON telegram states that another of Theebaw'* daughters has died from smallpox, which is at present raging in Maodilay. A TBIEGRAM from Toronto, 16th April, announces that the Catholic Bishops of the province of Ontario will address a petition to Queen Victoria praying her Majesty to take opportune measures to protect English property in Propaganda. ADMIRAX. WHTTB, who has hoisted his flag as second in command of the Channel Fleet, under the Duke of Edinburgh, is the first Catholic who has attained this position. Da. RETNBCH, at Erlangen, has reoently discovered that the dirt encrusted on money very often oontains abundant bacteria; and, after a careful microsoopio examination of the ooinB of alienations, has come to the alarming conclusion that nearly all coins which have, been in constant circulation for a few years are prolific breeding grounds for many kinds; of these dangerous parasites, admirably suited for the transmission of all kinds of infectious disease. •Dr. » B. Grassi has-proved to demonstratioif that another active agent in the communication of kind of poisonous germs is to be fonnd rm tlie innumerable flies whioh swarm about our houses in the hot weather.. Pleasant reading for nervons people 1 ^ v „_i '.' i Boraatonaefeu.sUk heed^aad^dWMrt HbpBittiw«55»witiia 