THE REV. J. 0. KIRBY ON SOCIA.L PURITY. A talk to men only, under the title " Men and Women," was delivered by the Rev, J. 0. Kirby at the Y.M.G.A. halloa Taecday even ing. There was a crowded attendance, and Sir. James Smith occupied the chair. He Introduced the lecturer by speaking in eulo gistic terms of the courago he had displayed by bringing this matter so prominently before the South Australian public. Mr, Kibby, who was received with cheers, began by saying he was not tho originator of such measures for the promotion of social purity, legislative and otherwise, as be bad advocated at varions times, because ho felt bound by his conscience so to do. He was merely a disciple, sitting at the feet of such teachers as Mrr. Josephine Butler, Mr. Shean, barrister-at-law, Mr. JosbdV, Dyer, and others. He would b'" text tb&t; night from Tennycea— "The woman's cause is man's, they ris. or sink together, dwarfed or godlike, boni. or free." An eloquent legislator had recently told them, in his wanderings through the garden of poetry, that— "All women are rakes at heart." He saw no beauty in that line; and his im« presMon was that it was false witness con cerning the gentler sex. (Hear, hear.) S uch Bn idea, if entertained, would exercise a very deleterious influence on the live3 o! both youDg and old men. Ko doubt there waro both women and men of bad propensities, but it was in almost every case the designing seducer—with his flattery, gifts, and promises —who accomplished the ruin of the young, un suspecting girl, who yielded herself to his simulated affection, or else, as was often the sad case in the great cities of Europe, tho girls were driven on the streets by misery and starvation. He knew of a case in Bris bane where two young sisters, well brought up, but left in poor circumstances, went out as governesses. They were strangers in the city, and one sister fell ill; and to maintain her the other sister sacrificed her purity. It was^ a foolish thing for her to do in a city like Brisbane, where 6he had only to make her sister's case known among philanthropic people in order to alleviate it; and when once the circumstances were known she had the means given her to abandon the wretched life which in her heart she hated. It was sometimes said that women were bound over to a gocd life, because the conse quences of indiscretion woro so much more grievous to them than to the m≤ sex. Well, the consequences were grievous, bat tne temptations to the women were, as he had pointed out, in many instances much heavier than they cculd be to men. Whh regard to solicitation, the epesltcr said the same penalties should apply to men as to women. (Cheers.) The preserving effect of a mother's influence over her daughter's career was shown in tho fsct that ef tho girls admitted into the M&gd;&Un; Hospital at Glasgow nicely-two out of every hundred were mother less girls. All young men should form a high idesl cf womaD, of what she is, and what she ought to be. _ Some men made the alleged evil propensities of women an argument why the law should not protect little girls under fifteen, but he would tell the a that the man who could he allured by the attractions of little girls under fifteen was not a man at all, and stood lower than the beasts of the field themselves'. (Applause.) It was not the young girls who were dan gerous ; it was the mature woman who had gon6 upon the Btreet to make a market of her charms, and who showed how the corruption c t— ~ could produce the wont. In all cases where a youDg man wa3 solicited or allured, whether^ by women of the streets or by-women of evil propensities such as wore represented by Potipnar'a wife, he adjured him to remember and to follow the example set him in the biblicsl. story, and to dare to be a Joseph, [hue whole audience here stood up and sang tt ■> hymn—"Dare to be a Daniel.:'] The lecturer then entered fully into the subject of the social evil, describing vividly the dangers both to purse and health which were run by young men who thought they were clever enough to go just a3 far iu vicious courses as was compatible with safety to themselves. Ho drew a harrowing icg picture of the ghastly diseases to which such a wanderer amid vicious pleasures laid himself open, one cf these maladiesbalog described by the great physician, Sir William Gull, as so thoroughly permeating a man's whole frame and being, that were hi3 very ghost Bfter death to rk 3 from the grave it would be still infected by it. Two or three times in the course of his ministrations he had been called to the deathbeds of men dying of this terrible complaint, and the sight was one of the most dreadful imaginable. If be was asked who was worse than a murderer be would answer that it was the mm who knew he had such a disease, and yet was so infamous a wretch, and so lost to every higher feeling, as to dare to cohabit with any woman. (Cheers.) If it were possible to make such a thing penal it should be done, but there were &ome; crimes that must be left to the punishment of God alone. The lecturer then touched on the means adopted to eradicate such complaints, and stated that the attempt to overcome them by legislative enactments and police regulations had failed. In Glasgow the people felt some years ago that these scourges, arising as they did from sin, could not be combatedia this manner, and they therefore contented themselves wish opening a hospital which gave ready admis sion to female patients. The results of this moral system had been the diminution of all classes of these diseases, and at the same time a general improvement of the condition of affairs in that city. Mr. Kirby ooncluded with some earnest words of admonition, and waB awarded a hearty vote of thanks. 