BECHOES OF MEBLBOURNE. (BY THE GrHOST.) At last the Land Bill has made its exit from the Assembly, and the road is now clear for the introduction of the Railway Construction Bill. This measure will give rise to quite as much talk as the one it has succeeded, for as the state of thle finances will not permit Mr. Bent's precedent of "a line for every constituency" being followed, every honourable member who is left out in the cold will deem it requisite to bring the claims of his district under notice, and discourse at length upon the urgent necessity of at once bringing it into direct communication by rail with the metropolis. Of course a large amount of the eloquence will be wasted. This would not, perhaps, be a very severe loss were it not that a waste of time is also involved, and that with a paid Legislature time is essentially money. But there must of necessity be a deal of "talking to Bun combe," for, sooth to say, Mr. Service, who last session passed more measures during six months than his predecessors had been able to push. through during nearly asmany years, has held the reins so loosely that the entire members of the Parliamentary team have, continually diverged from the straight road, and have night after night kicked over the traces. Under the rule of the Commissioners it can hardly be alleged with any degree of truth that any of the lines selected for construction are political ones; but the charge is certain to be made by the repre sentatives whose constituents donot come in for a share of tihe good things going, and unless Mr. Service and his colleagues show a great deal more firmness than they have hitherto displayed in resisting the demands of their supporters and their opponents-which latter class have been treated of late with marked deference the Railway Bill will grow until the authors of its being will find some difficulty in rocognising their offspring. During the passage of tihe Land Bill through counuittee the Government suf fered their second defeat during tihe session. M?r. Dow, who was beaten by a narrow majority on a former occasion, when endeavouring to secure for married women the right of selecting grazing areas of 100 acres, renewed his effort on the bill being reported, and, despite the opposition offered by the Ministry and the exertions of the Government Whip, gained his point by one vote. Mr. Berry was absent owing to an attack of sciatica. The Chief Secre tary was thus saved a severe wrench to his feelings. Had he been present hle would of course have been compelled to vote with his.colleagues, and this, to so persistent an admirer of the fair sex, would doubtless have been tihe source of ninchl mental disquietude. The Government of which ihe is one of the heads, and the petticoat government that claims his allegiance, wvould have been in direct conflict.: Whether the old Adam or the later born constitutional Adam would have carried the day is a matter for speculation that, owing to the convenient indisposition that kept the name of the member for Geelong out of the division list, may perhaps never be deqided. The members of the Council have again been occupied in taking evidence to enable them to arrive at a decision in respect to the bill for amalgamating the two branches of the legal fraternity. Up to the present the balance of the testimony adduced is overwhelmingly in favour of allowing barristers and attorneys to pursue their present tortuous ways. All the colonies where the amalgamation has taken place Tasmania, South Australia. and Queens land-were cited as "shocking examples" of the evil arising from a departure from the beaten track. The prospects of the measure becoming law, which at one time appeared "rosy," have now assumed a darkly cerulean lihue, and as the public appear to take very little interest in the contemplated change, in all probability the passing of the measure will be post poned to a more convenient season, which may not come round for some years. Two defeats within one week would have been too much for even the prestige of the "strong" Coalition Government. Feeling this, the honourable and gallant gentleman who represents the Ministry in the Council, and who, acting under instructions from his colleagues, opposed Dr. Beaney's motion for aRoyalCommission to enquire into the failure of the existing health acts, was compelled, after an un mistakable expression of opinion on the part of the House, to eat humble pie, and avoid an adverse division by asking for time, during which the Government might reconsider the question of granting Dr. Beaney's request. The manner in which Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood abandoned his position when he found it untenable,stamps him as a tactician of the first order. Xenophon himself could not have con ducted a retreat in a more brilliant fashion. Tihe refusal of the Government to grant a full and fair enquiry ipto the working of the Health Act, and the proceedings of the Central Board in connection with the out break of the late epidemic, was certainly a blunder ; for although the small-pox is no longer with us, it is certainly not owing to any action taken by the authorities who were charged with 'the duty of checking the spread of the disease-which has not been stamped out, but has departed of its own accord, disappearing as suddenly and mysteriously as it appeared. The last patient was discharged from the Williams town Sanatorium on Friday. The positive opinion of geologists to the contrary notwithstanding, it is now proved beyond the possibility of doubt- that Vic toria possesses workable seams of coal of excellent quality. The Company now work ing the deposits at foe, in Gippaland, will before six months are over be able to sup ply a thousand tons a week; and as the field is an, extensive one, Victoria,.before many years are over, will be independent of her jealous New South Wales neighbour in the matter of her fuel supply. The fear of otur trans-Murray friends imposing an export duty on her "black diamonds "will then be robbed of half its terrors for tie Protectionists. Hitherto the dread of retaliatory measures has in some degree c:hecked the most ardent of our advocates for "fostering native industry," who deem prohibitory duties the best way of develop ing the resources of the colony. Cheap coal may not after all turtrout an unmixed blessing. Mr. A. T. Clark, the representative of Williamstown in the Legislative Assembly, and a few kindred spirits who do not believe in " imported sloddy," as they choose to desigmete the Imperial officers sent out to take charge of the Victorian war vessels, are at present much exercised in mind over the fact that there is no tribunal, excepting a court-martial, before which an investigation into the late mishap to the Childers can take place. They desire that an enquiry should be held by the Pilot Board, or the Steam Navigation Board. These bodies have fortunately no control over any officer of the Royal Navy, or it might go hard with Lieutenant Hely Hutchinson. It is rumoured that nothing but Mr. Clark's position as a member of the Legislature, and thedread of incurring the penalties attached to committing a breach of privilege, has prevented the aggrieved and slandered officers from inflicting lorsotal chastisement on the offending. legislator. When the Assembly is dissolved in February next, Mr. Clark may perchance be taught to keep a civil tongue in his head. A few years since he was publicly horsowlipped for stylingher Majesty" an obese old woman." The lesson has apparently been forgotten, and perhaps requires repeating. The law points reserved at the trial of O'Brien, found guilty by a jury of the murder of Peter M'Ainsh at Lancefield, have been argued before the Full Court, and decided against the prisoner. The evidence, although wholly circumstantial, clearly sheeted home the. crime to the pirisoner, and there is little doubt that the law in this case will .hq allowed to take its course. Leniency would indeed be mis placed; Victoria has," 'p to' the present time, been free from agrarian outrages, and it is well that this class of offence should be put down with a firm hand. The performances at the various theatres hardly call for special mention. At the Dijon, " Fun on the Bristol" still runs its boisterous course. "The Silver King" has been revived at the Royal, but does not draw large audiences. At the Princess, "Hand and Glove" has given place to the "British Workman," in which Mr. Dampier again courts the approval of the public. At her Majesty's Opera House, "Romeo and Juliet" still keeps the boards, and will probably do so until the end of next week, when the company proceed to Sydney. During the two days of the week which the Council devoted to business, a fair amount of work was accomplished, Dr. Beaney having relieved the Government from the awkward position in which it had placed itself by refusing to accede to his request for the appointment of a Royal Commission. to enquire into the working of the Health Act, and suggest better means than at present exist for ensuring genentral salubrity. By withdrawing the motion the Upper House was able to devote its at tention to amending the Trustees and the Game Acts, and obtaining from the wit nesses in attendance further information to assist them in arriving at a decision in r.ogard to the propriety of amalgamating the two branches of the legal profession. The two first-named measures were ad vanced a stage, and on the latter the debate will be resumed next week, after the Chief Justice has delivered his opinion -should he still be willing to appear as a witness. What SirWilliam Stawell'sopinion in regard to the contemplated measure is, is quite an open secret. The head of our judicial Bench is too good a conservative not to oppose any innovation. In his eyes what is is right. Perhaps in this par ticular instance Sir William has formed a correct opinion. The public show no interest at all in thematter. The Assembly also has shown a com mendable amount of industry. The Land Bill havingat length been sentto "another place," two important measures have been introduced-tthe Railway Bill and the Mining on Private Property Bill, the last named having been forwarded by the Council. As a matter of course both these pieces of Legislative work will receive a large amount of tinkering before they become. embodied among the laws of Vic toria. The measure Mr. Gillies introduced on Tuesday bears a striking family re semblance to the one introduced by his predecessor, and if imitation be indeed the sincerest flattery, Mr. Bent has every reason to be proud of the work he poer formed when Minister of Railways. 1He proposed to construct 915 miles of new lines. Mr. Gillies proposes to construct 027\. With few exceptions the lines now selected are those chosen by Mr. Bent. These were at the time stigmatised by Mr. Gillies and Mr. Service ias "political lines," the bill itself being designated" the great Bribery Bill." Then, however, it was looked at from tihe Opposition side of the Assembly. Viewed from the Minuisterial benches its aspect is totally changed ! The whirligig of time has indeed brought its own revenge to the much-abused member for Brighton ! And that honourable gentleman would be less than human were he, when commenting upon the changes effected in omitting 107 miles of railroad hie advocated, and advocat ing the construction of some 270 miles, not included in the present measure, to avoid the lii quoque style of argument. If the former measure was fairly describable as " sixty lines with a hook at the end of each," how is Mr. Gillies's bill to be desig nated? The one noticeable difference is that whereas Mr. Bent, as a member of a weak Governument, engaged in the struggle for existence which Mr. Justice Higin botham, in the unregenerate days of his political career, averred was "the chronic stab of all Ministries," endeavoured to placato his opponents by awarding them a fair share of the good things going. Mr. Dillies, as one of the leaders of the strongest Administration over formed in Victoria, haus caused the Opposition to feel bhe "cold shade" by quietly ignoring the slaimis of the constituencies they represent. Phus Mr. Mason, Mr. Langdon, and Mr. A. P'. Clark are minus the lines proposed by Ifr. Bent. Mr. Richardson, who has been sitting on a nail" during the session, is rewarded by having his pet railway from Iresoick to Daylesford included in the bill, and Mr. Munro, the ex-member for Iforth Melbourne, has had the wounds eaused by his defeat as the Government candidate for the North Yarra province salved by the construction of the outer areh railway, which, in a most material nauneor, enhances the value of his estate t.Armadale. In fact, it would hardly be infair to say that the Railway Bill of 1884 Ias been framed more with regard to ndividual advantages than on any plan salculated to benefit the people of the colony. There is now a good chance of the Bill to Regulate Mining on Private Property becoming law. The second reading was agreed to on Thursday, and any alterations made in Committee by the Assembly are not likely to meet with any serious op position when the bill is returned to the Council. Bruce's spider is said to have had twelve unsuccessful trials before suc ceeding in attaching its thread to a posi tion it was desirous of attaining. The Mining on Private Property Bill will throw the historical arachnoid quite into the shade, as the present is the twenty seventh of a similar kind introduced into the Legislature. Since 1854 hardly a session has passed without an endeavour being made to settle the vexed question. It now bids fair to be settled for a time at all events. Whether the settlement will prove equally acceptable to the miner and the property holder yet remains to be seen. The ink wherewith the paragraph chro nioling the disappearance of small-pox froam our midst was written was hardly dry before the peesonce of the dreaded malady was again announced. There.are at present four patients suffering from the disease, the origin of which has in their case been dis tinctly traced to the family in Little Bourke-street,whose membnrsawereamongst the first to be attacked. As some of the persons now at tile Sanatorium have 'had ample time and numerous opportunltles of spreading the coutagion, Victoria will be fortunate indeed if the bungling of the Central Board of Health does not entail further calamities. Two deaths have already been recorded. While few persons will be found to sym pathise with Mr. ex-Bush MissionaryPetor Campbell in his matrimonial difficulties, many will be of opinion that ho has been harshly treated. He hed the atrociously bad taste to conduct the cross-examination of his wife in a manner which offended the delicacy of the Court and shocked the audience. But even this stupid conduct should not induce a straining of tite lhiu to his detriment, and this has undoubtedly taken place. The dismissal of his appeal from the decision of the magistrates to the Chairman of Quarter Sessions is a virtual sentenes of perpsetua.l imprisonment. He must now relnain in gaol as long as his wife is pleased to keep hih there, s.s there is hut small probability of .ny one becoming surety for the ppymeut of 30s ai weels to the discarded lady. The mating of June with December hls bhorne the consequenoes which usually spring froni ieoh alliances. Twenty-two and sixty were over ill matched. MTr Campbell is the victim of circumstances, and the moral of the story of his courtslip,wedding,and short married life, is unmistakably that it is advisable to look before leaping, espeoially if thi jump precipitates you into the arms of a total stranger domiciled in a coffee palace. Palatial residences are not always condu cive to happiness. The ex-roverend gen tleman, diseitlsfied with thi dictum of Judge Quinlan, relegating him once more to the place from whence hie came,"' in tonds, it is said, to bring his easebefore the Supreme Court, on a writ of. habeasi The Government have decide( tlht Ihe circumstances connected with the ground ing of the gunboat Childers, when on a trip to Geelong, shall be investigated by a board. This course has been rendered necessary as the Naval Commandant in Victoria is not of opinion that the officer in command of the vessel-Liout. the hon. lldly-Hutchison-was guilty of any neg. ligence necessitating his trial by Court Martial. The names of the gentlemen who are to constitute this board have not yet been made public, as several officials who have been asked to become members have refused the preferred responsibility. What object is to be gained by the appointment of this entirely illegal tribunal remains to be seen. The heads of the Education Department in Victoria have certainly not made logic one of the branches of their studies. After inflicting a fine of .5 upon a teacher at Creswick for leading the church service in a State school building, thus punishing an "offence" not specified in the EducationAct, they write to the head master of the South Yarra School. who had been found "not guilty" of stating that "religious instruc tion was rubbish, that Judas Iscariot was an ill-used man, and that Adam and Eve were not expelled from the Garden of Eden for disobedience," and caution him "not to repeat the statements." Need it be said that the secretary of the depart ment hails from the Emerald Isle ? The colony has been blessed with a general and copious rainfall, and the gloomy forebodings respecting the year's harvest are now considerably brightened. The price of fat stock has fallen, and meat is no longer retailed at English famine prices. Farmers are not, how ever, jubilant. A large yield of cereals means a low price, especially as on the continent of Europe, in America, and in England the harvesting operations have been most satisfactory, and Victoria will have a large quantity of wheat for, export. Our agriculturists have long ago realised the fact that what they require is popu lation to consume their produce on the spot. When will the urban residents learn that they, too, will be benefited by a large accession of population ? One,at all event,sof Victoria's industries is threatened by foreign conpetition. The burglar will have to look to his laurels if he is desirous of retaining the pride of place in the criminal calendar of the colony. The recidiveises are threatening to drive the home-made article out of the field. During the week two more "emi grants " from New Caledonia have made their bow to the city magistrates, and been committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. There are now some nine or ten of these gentry either serving sen tences at Pentridge or on the highway to that establishment. Why should the Victorian taxpayer be compelled to main tain foreign criminals ? Instead of keeping French thieves and coiners here, would it not be cheaper to ship them back to their own native land ? 