THE CITY AND THE CASTLE. By Annie Luoas. A Story or the Reformation in Switzer- land. CHAPTER XXX. — (Continued.) A CONFESSION. " I'know not liow to toll tliee! I Slmmo rises in my luce nnd intorrupts The story of my tongue."— Otway. Bertha wns the first to break it. " Kaspar," she said. " the Bertha Reinhardt thou knewest exists no longer ; and the withered leaves of ten summers are heaped upon her grave and that of the past she lived in. What wouldst thou .with me?" Ho answered gravely and sadly. " Knowing how my presence must bring back that cruel past, I had not sought thee lightly, Bertha. And to see thee, and thee alone, I came to Zurich. I have a story to tell thee; Nay, thou mnst listen ! " For Bertha had made a movement as if to stop his words. " Not if it is the same, Kaspar— the oft- told story that I .bade thee never toll again." "I might tell that too," he answered. " It wonld be true ; but it is not that. 0 Bertha,' I have wronged thee cruelly. God has for-' given me ; canst thou. The colour .faded from Bertha 's. rigid lips, ai wild, strange fight gleamed, in, her dark eyes, and. the, hand she laid on Knspar's arm was cold as death. " Kaspar,'! she said, in a low, hoarse whisper, what meanest thou ?. Speak!" n,- " That it was I that steeped with poison the dart' that. pierced thy heart, Bertha. Oh I .look not on me thus; of I cannot tell thee." : " Quick ! quick 1 " she gasped. Was it false?— was "it false? " Her eyes seemed' searching his very soul. " 0 Bertha 1 forgive me. I loved'thee so 1" was all lie said, as he covered his face with j liis hands; / '"' Bertha stood motionless with clasped hands and fixod gaze,; then, as her mind took in the crinvietion that bewildered it, she murmured, " True, true, my Heinricli— true 1 0 God ! I thank thee," and burst into a flood of tears. Kaspar stood with bowed head and down cast eyes... Those, words and those tears fell fike molten lead on his heart. " Bertha," he said atdast, " thou art right ; he was true to thee ; no earthly power parted you." She raised her face, bathed with tears, but illumined with a strange light. "Then it was only death," she said. "Oh, my Heinrich, cbiild I but have wept over thy grave these years!'' r Kaspar hid his face and groaned. " What soever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." Ho was reaping the bitter fruits of his own base and cruel deception in the keen realiza tion of the anguish it had caused the woman he loved. "Only death 1 " Bitterly had Kaspar repented his sin — plainly had he seen his error ; but not till that hour had he learned how deadly had been tbe poison he had in fused into a cup already sufficiently bitter. In the changed face of Bertha he had read a tale of suffering that had pierced his heart ; and not of suffering only, but also of the warping of a noble nature by the cruel blight of a broken heart. 11 Only death 1" With those words came swift, overpowering com prehension of what that suffering had been, what was the canker-worm that had eaten out the blooin and beauty of her life. Not the trial God had sent her,, but the venom he had infused.into it. .. But suddenly- Bertha looked up.and said, "But is this truth ?. Dost thou tell me, truth,. Kaspar ?" .'f V - ' - " "It is truth, Bertha," ho answered, in a low, sad voice ; " and what I told thee before wus truth ; my error was in lotting thee; be lieve what was false. Heinrich was true to thee ; but lie died not." " Died not 1 Doos lie live ? Kaspar, art thou mad, or I ? " and she pressed her hands to her throbbing brow. " Ho died to thoe, Bertha, and to the world. He entered the Augustinian convent at Antwerp." "Then he did forsake me after all," she said sadly, the light fading from her dark, mournful eyes. " 0 Bertha 1 blame him not. Hadst thou seen, as I did, the bitter anguisb of his soul 1 He only yielded after a struggle that went near to part his soul and body." For a few moments Bertha spoke not, and then she said, brokenly. " But why did he not tell me this ? Why did he doom me to the anguish of believing him untrue? 0 Hein rich, it was cruel — it was cruel 1 " "He did not. Bertha, Bertha! that was my work. Listen while I tell thee all." " The truth, Kaspar Nordeck 1 " she said with reproachful bitterness. " Before God," he answered solemnly — " before him whose blessed light is searching now into earth's dark places, into men's still darker henrts. It has shone into mine, Berthn, and brought mo here to confess my shame and sin. Yes, let thine eyes search into mine, they will not quail ; " for Bertha's eyes were fixed upon him with a piercing gaze that never once wavered while he went on. " Thou knowest how I loved thee, Berthn, in those far-off early day's ; how blind I wns in not seeing why thy heart was steeled against my pleadings; with what a shock of pain thy were opened at last, when, in thy first flush of happiness, thou answeredst my last appeal before I left Zurich with the avowal that thy, troth was privately plighted with tby parent's consent. "I went to Antwerp, and there too came; .Heinrich, I felt no enmity against hirn lie was so noble, so much more worthy of thee than I ; and from him I could hear of thee. So. I sought and obtained his friendship., He was employed, as thoii knowest. to paint some altar-pieces for the great Augustinian . convent. I need, not speak to thee of the enthusiasm which ever glowed in bis artist nature— the depth of pious reverence with which: he re garded all the sacred mysteries of the Church. When he first came to Antwerp he was full of dreams of fame, which yet lie seemed to value only for thy sake. But by degrees be grew grave, abstracted, depressed ; the light went from bis eye, the colour from his cheek. I watched him with wonder and perplexity. He shunned me ; and at last I found that the mention of thy, name, struck , him, .with a shiver of pain.; So months wont on. A deadly fever seized him while engaged. .with his -work at the' monastery. ; He was iplaced in the infirmary ; and there, surrounded >' only by monksi be wrestled long and. .painfully, with death. Their skill and his, youth con quered ; he recovered. When be came forth again, Bertha, even thou, wouldst. scarce have known him. It was not only the ravages of illness, it was as if but the. ghost of himself had returned from the gates of the grave. "And it was then he told me all. HoW) soon after he.. commenced his. work atthe monastery, clear, strong, and .'unmistakable, the,, voice of God had spoken in. his soul, bidding him yield all. — earth; fame,: thee. Desperately. had he struggled, but, he-said,. in vain. On .his fevered bed,, ;iii ' the dread shadow of death and eternity, he had learned fearful things, and had vowed, in the awful light wjiich then blazed in to', his shivering soul, to_ sacrifice thee, even thee,, so it and .thine might be saved. 0 Bertha, how he loved thee even then 1 ; Believe : me, ,- I : did all I could; , but what was my. feeble. voice against . the influences that surrounded, him- one very side. In vain I represented to hiiu that' the zeal of i the monks was crafty and selfish— that it'was not his soul they valued; but the' lustre his talents' would shed1 upon their' order arid their' convent. My words— doubtless' they were wild arid, bitter,, for I had been' brought up in hatred and con tempt of the monks and priests-"- were to him blasphemous, impiety, and served but to fan the flame of his zeal. Oh, it was a mournful thing— it is doubly mournful in the remembrance of it, in the light cast upon it by God's grace— to see the utter , wreck of that: noble, promising, young life amidst the rocks of error and the mists of superstition. " It was at that time, Bertha— when, with the consciousness of new life returning. to his frame, the old hopes and the old desires that had grown dim and faint in the hours of exhaustion and suffering returned, and blend ing with tho.old love that' had never waned; drew him back to; the. earth he had vowed to leave with almost resistless force— 1tliat ho wrote to tliee a long, long letter, which would have told thee all had it reached thee." . ' " But it did not 1 oh, it did not 1 " moaned Bertha. "No; would that it had 1 Then- had I been saved the remorse that has weighed on my life these years past. At last the end of all this came. One day a lay brother from the monastery came, with a request from Brother Heinrich, that I would go and take leave of him, and receive his last message for the outer world. I went. Through a grating I saw him— thy Hoinrich — in the dress of the order ; the pnor was beside h|m. , He gave me through' the bars the troth-plight I re-; turned thee, ;and under the prior, 's eyes traded; the few lines which Accompanied it. But, : Bertha, if ever he loved tliee, ho loved thee .then. After,. he had ,;laid down ther troth-' plight, he suddenly. caught it up, pressed it to iiis lipe and his heart, and. drawing his- cowl over: his face, turned away. "1. left. Antwerp at once to bring thee the tidings, Bertha. God is my witness, no thought of treachery was in iny heart when I entered this room that day. It yearned over thee with unspeakable love and com passion i and an hour before I did the deed I should- have loathed .myself for conceiving it, as I have ever done since for' committing it. What passed in that interview thou re- meraberest too well." " Things graven on stone are not easily effaced ; and my heart became such that day,"' she answered bitterly. " Well, I need not dwell upon it. Only, Bertha, when I found that, by some chance, Heinrich's .letter had never reached thee, and that thou hadst at once, by a connection inexr plicable to me, linked the broken troth-plight with Francesca Giorno, a sudden, fierce temp tation siezed me. Thy Hienrich, noble, true, exalted to saintliness by the immolation .of his heart's best and dearest treasures upon the Church's altar, would over reign in thy heart's holy place, and doubtless thou wouldst follow his example, and shroud thy fair flowering youth in the cloister's gloom. But Heinrich faithless, perjured 1 Oh, thou wouldst cast him from that heart as a worthless thing, and in time be won to accept the love that rejec tion, absence, and time could neither weaken nor efface. So I let thee believe the phantom thy own fancy had conjured up." " But surely thou didst tell me that he had married.an Italian bride!" . " I. did not, Bertha. When I had answered thy first terrified questions, and assured thee that he lived, thinking the shortest, method the kindest, I gave thee the paper and, the troth-plight, saying, what .1 truly thought, ' Heinrich's last letter will have prepared thee for this, Bertha.' For a time thou stoodst, as I believe, deaf and blind, and as if turned to stone, heeding not my entreaties that thou woulust move, or speak, or at least listen while I told thee all. I meant all even then, Bertha. 'Thero is no need to tell mo more,' thou saidst at last, in a voice whose hollow calm thrilled- :ine with pain and four.; "I understand it all.' ; "I. sought to comfort thee, and said I had hoped .that that last letter had broken the shock, and asked hadst thou indeed received it. ',0b yes,' thou saidst,' ' I received it. But I was dull and comprehended it not. To, ray simple mind pure love and plighted troth were safeguards even from such charms as those of the fair Francesca Giorno. I was very blind, no doubt.' "A sudden flash of , intelligence passed through my mind ; at once I seemed to com prehend all.' Thou hadst not received, the true, ' last letter ; ' thou .wert. believing Hein rich fickle, faithless, forsworn. To him this could not signify,; to. me ,|t riiight make all the difference. The burning love in. my heart sprang. up. passionate and strong, sweeping all before it. It needed mo, spoken lie from me. I lieard. tliee speak; the words; ' Italian bride ; ' what more thou saidst. I know not. u Another instant, I was ut tliy feet, in my mad folly pleading with' thee to accept the love that would j never fail thee. I, spoke no word of falsehood, but none the less was the shame— the sin 1" He covered his face with his hands for a motnerit, and then continued : " The reproach in thine eyes touches me to the quick, Bertha, and yet I deserve it. But I have repented ; I reponted ere, with white cojd dips, thou haclsf spoken the words that made me feel how hopeless was the love that had tempted to such ii deed." ' ,'V " And if thou didst repent, why didst thou leaye irie still believing' wliat has made earth' a \yijderness,. life not a . blank — worse — a couietery' filled with, the graves of dead, hopes and", trust, Had I 'deemed Heinricli dead, I had' , not' 'become the cold; bitter being I am. Ana the cloister was to me, then, at least; as sacred as the ' grave. To have known hioi frue to'; his vow, would have taken the sting from 'his . desertion; I .might have yielded him to God theii." , " Perhaps I might, Bertha, if thou wouldst but have listened , to iny -prayers, and let me have, seen tliee once more! '. '.But , thou wouldst riot,;' and when I wrote thee, thou didst re turn my letter unopened." " I was so bitter with my secret pain ; and I thought it was but to press again thy suit. But what made thee come and tell ine now, after all these weary years?," I, will tell thee, Bertliai For years I have lived a wild, reckless life. I had no family ties ; and thou wert lost to mo. I lived in the present strmrig to forget the past and the future' a callpus, dissipated soldier of fortune. But, last year, no matter how or where, ChriBt found me. His voice bore the gospel mes sage to, my soul. In the very midst of my sins he came to me and spoke pardon and peace. He forgave, not only the sin that had been the first step in my downward career, but all that had followed and preceded it. And with his forgiveness oame a yearning need of thine. Wilt thou grant it, Bertha ?" " I forgive thee, indeed, Kaspar," she said ; " but oh, thou hast wrought me a cruel wrong 1 1 And thou canst give me back what I have lost." " Dear Bertha, ay, dear still, dearer to me than ought else upon earth — nay, fear not ; 1 shall never again press the love so fatal to thy peace, — dear Bertha, there is One who can give thee more, One who has borne the burden of a world's distrust and slight for fifteen hundred years, and who yet is un changed, — love, all love. Bertha, host thou riot'shared the light that shines so brightly in this favoured city? Hast thou found no balm for thou rankling wound in the blessed gospel of Christ?". " I told thee, Kaspar, that my heart turned to stone that day,— a stone feels not, hopes not, trusts not I" Tears rose in Knspar's eyes as lie looked into the fnded face ho remembered so bright and sparkling in its happy youthful bloom. " God comfort thoe 1" ho said at last. " It is over such poor crushed hearts as thine his yearns most. ( Ho healcth tho broken in 'heart.' And now, farewell ; my purpose is accomplished." " Stay," Bhe said quickly ; " I would ask "thee two questions. Franceses Giorno, what of her?" " Her father died shortly before Heinnch entered the monastery. She married a poor hut talented young artist who had long been attached to her. Heinrich gave the money he had received for his last picture as dowry to the orphan girl ; and this enabled them' to marry at once. Even for that his conscience reproached him." " And— didst thou ever see or hoar aught of him again ?" . - " Once I saw him, some years past. He was begging alms for tho convent in the streets. Poor Heinrich 1" "Was he changed ? How looked lie, Kaspar ?" Bortha's- voice was,, .low. --and broken, her eyes shaded with;her -.hand. ; : " He : was changed ; so much changed I had not. known him, had lm not 'suddenly . raised those wonderful eyes of his to _ my face: -He 'knew 'roe, but -lie would, neither slay nor -speak. -1-' And -he -looked — 0 Bertha, how does a plant look shut out- from God's free air and <.Bun8hine-?';-And»-allrI-i could hear of him was," that the hopes of the order had been disappointed, that his artist power- has waned .from. the. time ho took.-the vows, and that lie ..had .ceased to exercise it.. He was- then simply' an ordinary brother. '. There lies; heavy -guiltat" the door of the false corrupt system, offinan's making 'and 'ordering, -which has put asunder the two lives God had joined together, thus blighting both."- Bertha had risen, and stood quiet and silent. For a few; minutes ; Kaspar . stood Bileiit tooj. then; taking her passive hand in- his', lie said, " Farewell,. Bertha; for-' over- on earth. - Thy dear face was with me through all those years of sin and 'folly, the one pure remem brance that kept me from utter- ruin of body: and. soul. 'It; will be with me still — a sad, remorseful memorj',- now I know all my cruel deceit has . done - for ftheef- But I -shall yet see. it, brighter and fairer far - than in its youthful bloqm,rwliero..v,the,.'mists1;..and:. shadow, 'and. darkness of earth, will ,be, passed away for/ever.-- 5 d blessSlieearidsend the healing ;dew of his lovo upon thy poor, bruised heart. - Strive to forgive the'madness" of one dark hour for the sake of the love that has been so strong, and . deep, and faithful— that will be, .thine;. as. /lpng..as,thisl. heart con-'- tinues to beafc ' Farewell Berth#!"'3"' A ,kis8;,,presseduponi her cold,- trembling . hnnd, a; long, longgaze" upon her pale, agi tated face, and lie. was;, gone. Bertha was alone. , with. her .sorrow; and-, her joy JACOB'S PILLOW.— Mr. Bolderston writ ing in an English paper on' this'- subject, , which is of interest to Anglo-Israelites makes it pretty plain that the British coronation stone is not the same which served Jacob for a pillow, nor was the chief corner; stono of the temple. The following is av portion of one of many, .letters on the subject; bv the above gentleman : — " Since the destruction of the temple, why should it be the Jews cus tom, one, day in-the, year; with grent lamenta tions,,, to .'go and janoint this stone in com memoration of. their! father, Jacob?" This occurs,! believe', "at; 'the Jewish wliailog- place. - Again, " Why| should, the Mohomm'o- dans pretend that ' tliey have the stone set up, in their temple at jMecca,; which they make, their common kibla or point of worship; and'. before which ;.lhepilgrims pay their solemn- devotions ?"-,.- < ! Ahtiqiiarjans maintain, and Dr. ; Eetrie in- contestibly ' proves, .and- it, I believe, remains 'almost unquestioned, except by the Identity, thatdhe Seafail, or stone of destiny, - still.-remains lit Tara, and that there is pointed out aiStono- pillar, standing; over the Croppie's grille; in > one;1, of | the \ ratlis of Tara;, as , the identical , - stone. i The / self styled Anglo- IsraelitieS) hoWjever,- mssert that England's coronation stone,, is. -the -identical Jacob's pil- lo\y. _ This stone, therefore, appears to be ubiquitogs. The. Mosloms have it in'-their? temple at AIecca,.the;Irish.- on Tara's hill, the English in Westminster,. land « the Jews - in Jerusalem, from'i.which place|it has never been removed.; =;Buf .what ismpst'romnrkable is the fact.thatsince»its ere'etion 3,644 years ago, there is not an atom of reliable informa tion that the Btone is in known existence;;" neither is there any claim made as to which . of the two stones .is the veritable Jabob's pillow. In Timb's "Curiosities of History" we read that " Tho coronation stone was brought in a.d. 1297 by King Edward I. from the/Abbey of Scone, with tho Sceptre and GoIden(Crdwn of the Scottish sovereigns. It is. called the " prophetic or_ fatal stone from the ancejnt belief of .theVScotsJ t that whenevefJit'should be lost, ,thejpo\yer! ofctHe.nationiwbnia decline; It is suporstitiously called Jacob's Pillar. It is of reddish-grey sandstone— a description of stone said not to be found in Canaan — and measures 26 by. 16 J inches, and IO3 inches thick. From these dimensions we find that the stone weighs about 2£ cwts., but being a a stone squared by a chisel, if cut from a natural piece of rugged Btone, the original stone must, have weighed, say from 6 to 10 hundred weight. , - Its present size is far too large lor va,(,.j>ilIow.!-.i . flow,- much 'more1; so,/ then, miistfjtjiavebeen'in its original diraen- sions ? It was a cominon practice for King's to be crowned upon stones. The Saxon, Swedish, and other , monarchs used to bo - crowned on similar stones. Josephus says that some of- the stones used- in the construction of the temple were 45 cubits long, 5 high and 6 wide, which, taking a cubit at half a yard, were 674- feet long, 74- feet high, and 9 feet wide. - As freestone weighs 140 lbs. to .the square foot, and Guernsey granite 185 lbs. ; by averaging' the density of the' temple stones at 168 lbs. per square foot, we find one stone weighs the enormous weight of 6,832 cwt., or 340 tons. In the existing remnant of a wall, supposed to have formed part of the temple at one time, stones are seen 20 feet long and 8 feet thick. These stones would weigh about 100 tons each. If Jacob's Pillar formed the foun dation stone, then these large stones would be built upon it ; yet "we are expected to credit the belief that Jeremiah and Baruchgot away with this foundation stone, which could only be accomplished by these two agedmen re moving stones of from 100 to -340 -tons' weight. Surely Sampson's strength was as - nothing in comparison to theirs." — 