ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) No one thinks: of politics now. By common consent the subject appears to have been dropped, and even the people ?who always give publicity to- rumours on 'the very best authority' — and who in general turn out : to bo false prophets — Jiave given up vatecmating. iUxcept in some remote cotmtry place, far from the busy hum of the metropolis, where an agricultural show affords a pretext for tho appearance of a Minister, there is nothing to remind the colony that it is blessed with responsible government, and pays a Governor ten thousand, and his advisers the sum of fourteen thousand pounds per annum in virtue of being allowed to enjoy that privilege Even the haunts of private members: of Parliament knot? them ho more. Mr. Zox, ? the ubiquitous, may occasionally be seen at the portals of the Athenteum Club, but 'the block '? is now deserted by the people's representa tives, and deputations find as much difficulty in securing an official 'introduc tion as they would in' finding a foufi leaved shamrock. The Premier' and the Chief Secretary/ and: on occasions '.'some ?other of the members of the Government team attend occasionally at their offices, but Mr. Service and Mr. Berry pass the greater part of their time at Sorrento, that Capri of Ministerial Tibercuses, where they can argue out at leisure the vexed ?question; as to which of the two is the. liiberal and which, the Conservative, and lay their heads together to find out some safe plan of dealing with the recommen daj;ions._of the Tariff Commission. Self preservation is evidently with Govern-' mentsy as with individuals, the first law of nature. ? ' ' . Perhaps; too, tlie Premier will at his marine;residence reflect on the wickedness of his friends in Scotland, who sent him for distribution by Mb' firm, to the colonists over whose political destinies he presides, a snipment or wmsiry, so oaa mat even the Custom House officers, who mostly hail from the land of rnagnorum potaiores, were fain to reject as unfit for consumption, and refuse to allow to poison her Majesty's liege subjects in Victoria. This episode in our history will doubtless give an impetus to the Blue Ribbon movement, and be of/great, ?use to Messrs. Booth and Glover in their campaign against what the latter gentle man terms 'the devil in. solution.' For they, will naturally ask if such vile com pounds in the shape of spirits are sent out to the firm of James Service and Co., what tho quality of liquor can be that is con Bigr.ad to firms that do not rank so high in the nercantile world ?. J.jrd Normanby improved the opporr tun. fcy afforded him when inaugurating1 tho .intercolonial wine, grain, and' fruit exl.hition on Monday, to deliver his valedictory address to the people of the colony. His Excellency devoted the greater part of his speech to bringing Tinder notice tho great benefits accruing to mankind from labour-saving machinery. His Lordship-did not allude to the advan tage of official salary-saving expedients, but as he; takes his departure in April, he is doubtless fully alive to their value. The cost of the Queen's Birthday ball for instance, will fall on his successor, if indeed, what is highly improbable, the acting Governor, Sir William Stawell— who is to . fill the vice-regal chair during the intei*regnum — belies his reputation for. frugal lnindedness, and gives the loyal people of Melbourne the annual treat, of which the many relations of the noble Marquis have invariably deprived them by I. persisting in shuffling off this mortal coil at J' most inopportune seasons. By the way, it is fortunate there are no 'burning' ques tions now before the country, for assuredly, ?under the rule of the Chief Justice, they' ?would burst into flame. Many of our political . troubles date from the time' Sir William last occupied the gubernatorial office. ??'?'?' ?:?'?.??? : Is there such. a thing as gratitude in the ' ?world ? One is tempted to ask the question iby the rumour that there is a rupture in : the entente cordials that has hitherto existed1 between Messrs. Bent and Woods. But for the acquiescence of the former gentleman in the proposition to give the Wood's brake; Company the four ^thousand pounds Mr. Service placed on. the estimates, the member for Stawell might still, through his friends, be fruitlessly knocking/at the doors of the' Treasury.; ; What the casks belli actually is is only as- yet a: 'matter ;bf surmise.' There are sovne.mauwises laiijatcs- who aver that the little difficulty originated in India during a ' nautoh.'-. ; Most1 probably, how over, if the truth were known, it' would be found that the party chargeable ? with the fracas is Cupid m the guiso of amor mvmmi. j How it is possible to ' smile and smile i'j and be' insolvent has been shown by. Miss ' Emelie Melville, who, when last she warbled ; to the Melbourne public, did so at a cost to j herself of something like JB5O per night. The | little lady's schedule shows debts, .£3000 ; assets, '? JJIOO. As these latter consist mainly of wearing apparel, the creditors are not' likely to obtain a very large divi dend, and; surely no one would be hard hearted enough even to obtain the nine. pence in the pound whioh the sale of her costumes would realise, if taken at Miss Melville's valuation, to submit, Fatinitza's 'inexpressibles,' or the gauzy , dra'ppries of La Belle Helene' to the desecration of the auctioneer's hammer. To- sing night after tight, ?? with a knowledge that- each note entails the loss of a shilling, is a feat j that rivals that of the of ten:qu'oted Spartan ! youth, who 'hid a fox in' the folds of has ?underclothing, and like Mark Tapley,,was ' jolly under the circumstances.*.!, , ' :?/?'.- i ' A worthy ! land-owner. ;im the; western distiict, well known for hisrlove. of ^litiga tion, finds himself at the' present moment,' if- rumour is to be credited, in a 'somewhat;/ awkward predicament: -Tyro or ,thVfie years', agOj when'lyiri'g on what' he supposed' to be, ? ', his death-bed, he convoyed by- deed of gift to his wife property worth some hundred thousand-pounds, in order to evade pay ment of the succession ' duty. Ho re covered, however, but before he could again resume possession of the estate he had given away, his wife died intestate. Her relatives now claim two-thirds of her property, valued at upwards of ,£66,000. In this case tho 'stitch in time' has not saved muoh. Another case of ''the biter bit' occurred the other day at Brighton. Two informers anxious no doubt to pocket . half the fine inflicted on publicans who neglect to keep holy- the Sabbath day, knocked at the door of a well-kno'wn hostelry on the beach, and representing themselves as travellers, induced the' proprietor to servo them with liquor: Next day they served bonif ace with a summons for breaking the law. ' The publican ; returned the compliment by a cross-summons, charging the informers, with' falsely representing themselves as travellers/ and 'thus obtaining - drink. When the cases were heard, that against the hotel-keeper was dismissed, while the clever — too clever— informers were eac fined £5, and costs, for infringing the 69th clause of the Publicans' Act. , ; '? ? , The, claim set up by. a section of the fair sex for. '.' equal rights,' is evidently bearing bitter fruit. It has seriously been pro posed to' allow the corporal punishment of , jirls attending our State .schools. ,. Evi dently, the ungallant gentlemen who make the recommendation don't see why women should havo all the honey of life, and men all the whacks. , ''.'.':.'{... '..' 'Mr. Ernest Morrison, the young .gentle man whose lonely Walk from Port Darwin to Melbourne caused his selection by the pro prietors of the Age as the leader of their New Guineaexplorationparty, sails by the R.M.S . Mirzapore, to finish tho medical studies he commenced at the Melbourne , 'University. He is furnished with a number of letters.of introduction and , , testimonials, among : others ithere, being one frpuvMr. Service, wliicn will ensure him at least a respectful hearing , from the , ; homo authorities on the question of the Queensland labour traffic, the expose in ', regard to which was made by Mr. Morrison, who proceeded incognito on a cruise in a labour vessel in order to ascertain the truth from, personal observation. ' Since his return to Victoria Mr. Morrison has been the recipient of a number of anonymous communications, in which his veracity is not only impugned in th-j coarsest manner, but charges of a most vile nature are nfado against him. ' His narrative of the way in which the Kanakas are 'recruited' is .evidently most dis tasteful to a number of the .Queensland sugar planters, who are acting evidently on ? the old maxim ' no case — abuse plaintiff's attorney.' Apropos of Queensland, a friend who has just returned from that colony tells a story which proves +hat the people of that portion of her Majesty's dominions are firm believers in the adage that 'exchange is no robbery.' On one of the -diggings townships, after service a collection was announced in aid of the building fund of the chapel. The officia ting clergyman, in- order1 to set the con gregation a good example, placed a shilling on the plate -, before it1 was sent round; When it was returned after its journey it contained a threepenny bit ! Just at the present time there is a plethora. of 'good. things' in the shape of amusement in Melbourne. Chiarini's circus nightly attracts its. thousands, while St. Leon's is doing a fair business in the suburbs. : At the Princess Miss Genievieve Ward, in ' Forget-me^riot,' has achieved a great success. At the Royal, 'The Wages of Sin,' after a' successful run, has which Mr. W.' J. Holloway, the .veteran Mr. , Hoskins, and others' are to ' star .' Miss Emilie :Melvillo, despite her reverses, has taken Jhe Bijou* where opera is to be produced for the . first , time at ,'? popular , prices ;' and at the r .Opera House Miss Jennie.Lee re-appears in 'Jo !' !. 