^xkxtimt* WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDKEY, Author cf ' A Woman's Glory,' &c; ' When we two parted In silence and tears. Half broken-hearted; To sever for years.'— Btbon, CHAPIEE V.— IiYDIA, The singer had just finished the second verse when he caught sight of the petite figure under the trees. He had been staging partly to pleace himself, and partly to attract some body's attention, and now, seeing that he had a listener, he lifted his hat and spoke. 'I beg pardon,' he began. 'lam a stronger here, and have lost my way. Will you be good enough to direct me to the Fine-tree Inn?' He addressed lijdia with a mixture of ease and deference, and his tone and manner made a favorable impression on her at once. It ?was still quite light enough for the two to aes each other distinctly. Looking op at the stranger as he stood on the other side of the fence she beheld a slight man, tall and well formed, with clearly-cut features, and a face devoid of beard or moustache. It was a hand some face, capable of a thousand shades of expression, and the ejes gazing steadily upon iier were dark and bright. 'You must follow the footpath through the pastures,' site answered, pointing across the £eld. ' Yon must go straight on, over three stales, and the last stile will bring you out Into the lane in front of the Pine-tree.' 'Thanks,' he said) gratefully, 'I have toeento Kettleford this evening, and tried to find a short cut back to the inn. Instead of gaining time I have lost an hour or more in wandering, and was glad to rest myself on your fence.' He certainly looked weary, site thought, and he did not seem in a hurry to go away. 3a pointing out the path she had moved out at the shade of the trees, and was standing ,fnli in the clear evening light Lydia Meade was a very lovely little person. She had a general air of simplicity and purity ?—a sweet, half -infantine expression about the mouth— a dove-like meekness in the blue-grey eyes. Her oval face, tinted like one of her own blush roses, was framed in the plain, black bonnet that she wore in mourning for David ; the strings were tied in a prim bow under her dimpled chin. After regarding her for a moment in respectful silence, the stranger was moved to ask another favor. ' Will you give me a draught of water V he said in a'humble tone. ' I am thirsty 'and tired, and half-choked with dust. Fray par don my boldness.' She hesitated for a second; then spoke frankly. 'Our well is close to the house. If you will follow me you can drink there, and rest on the garden seat.' Turning, she led the way down the gentle slope of the orchard ; and he, having lightly climbed the fence, followed her along the little path through the whispering grass. She went en into rate old-fashioned garden, where Sowers shared the ground with vegetables, snd pot-herbs mingled their homely sweetness with the breath ot the roses ; on till she came to the back door of the cottage, where Nancy was standing with a plate of freshly-washed lettuce in her hands. Close to the door stood the well, with its large iron- bound bracket snd tin dipper; and a little farther cfi was a bench under the shade Of a £g tree. At a word from her young mistress, Nancy set down the plate of lettuce and brought a glass from the kitchen ; and as the water proved to be deliciously cold and pure, it was not surprising, perhaps, that the stranger asked for a second draught. ' I never tasted such good water,' he said. 'May be you are from a town, sir,9' re marked Nancy, who seldom lost a chance of using her tongue. 'The town folks do think a deal of oar well.' 'I am from London,' he replied, holding up the glass to the light. 'How bright it ii! father Thames can give us nothing to equal this. I think it tastes like the river that went out of Eden to water the garden.' A look of pleasure lit up LycUa's quiet face. Already she was touched and wrought upon more than she herself knew by the dark eyes and xnelodicus voice. There must be good in him, she thought; it was clear that he had atndied the Old Testament. 'My father has called our house Eden Cottage.' {He says that ont of the ground here the Lord God has made to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food.' 'And the tree of knowledge of good and evil — does that grow here?' asked the stranger, with a glance of mingled shrewdness and^mBsement. ' It grows everywhere on this earth,' was the quiet answer. 'It is as common as the thorns and thistles that God commanded the ground to bring forth. But He has given us the tree of life also.' 'We are getting into deep subjects,' he said, with another deferential, yet searching look. 'We ought, perhaps, to think of serious things sometimes. I have been to church to-night' 'Beally?' questioned Lydia, in a gentle tone that had in it the faintest ring of doubt 'Beally, and indeed. May I ask why you Are incredulous!' be enquired earnestly. 'Because I heard yen singing one of the world's songs a few minutes ago,' ahe an swered, with a deepening color, 'and-— for. Siveme— these who hove been in the Lord's Home should praise Him in psalms and ttymns, especially on the Sabbath.' This was said with such a simple and modest gravity that it did not offend him. The girl ma evidently in earnest, and the phrases which would have been mere cant from some lips were real enough when she ottered them. Ho drooped liln iiwhft*. Tne*»viy to bids His ?parkleof funinhiseyea. Had the speaker been one degree less beautiful and gentle he would not have repressed a sharp repartee. Being what he was, a man well used to (play upon himself and others, and talking with a ccedeo at once to display a little emotion. ' Thank yon,' he said, softly, 'for a kind rebuke. Onelslall the better for a gentle warning like yours. IshaUrememberitwheu I am back again the great world to-morrow.' Fully awareof the impression he had made, he would not prolong the scene ; with a part ing bow he turned and walked quietly away through the path between the rose-bushes. In a few seconds more he was lost to sight among the shadows of the orchard; bat liydia still stood looking after him with dreamy eyes. 'Suppers waiting, min,' said Nancy, breaking the spell of silence. ' Lor, what a gentleman he was, every inch of him ; men of his sort do take the shine off common ones, don't they?' Lydia did not answer. She went slowly Indoors with the dreamy look still lingering in her eyes. The minister had already seated himself at the table, and she joined him in silence. Supper was a simple meal in Mr. Meade'-- household, consisting generally of bread and cheese, a jug of beer, and (In summer) fresh lettuces from the garden. Neither father cor daughter were given to the indulgence of their appetites ; but it was noticeable that they had always thriven well upon their plain fare. To-night, however, Lydia trifled with her food, and seemed to be eating In a listless' fashion. 'You are not hungry, my dear,' said Mr. Meade, watching her quietly. 'This has been a trying day for yon, and, indeed, for os all. The flesh is weak, Lydia.' 'Yes, father, very weak.' 'Isn't there anything else that you could eat?' he asked. 'Let Nancy bring in the fruit pie; yon musS not let your strength fail, my child.' 'I don't think my strength is going to fail,' she said wearily. ' I am well— quite well— but my head is full of thoughts to night.' ' I have no fionbbs about his safety, Lydia. He gave the plainest evidences that he could read his title clear to mansions in the skies.' 'Evidences !' she said, starting. ' Yes, I thought there were some signs of the Spirit' 3 woifc, but ? ' ' Is it possible, my dear, that you have any fears for David V 'For David? On, no, father; certainly not' She blushed deeply, and her glance fell before the geed man'a gaze. Mr. Meade looked puzzled and anxious ; it was clear, he thought, that his daughter had been over-excited by the solemn service of the evening. He had always regarded -her as a girl of steady nerves ; but then, too, she was exceedingly sensitive and tender-hearted. 'LjdiB,' he said after a pause, 'I wish you to rise early to- morrow and go to Pikes field by the S o'clock train. Tour Aunt Tabitha wants to see you.' 'I should like it, father,' she answered, brightening. 'But no,' Bbe added, in a duller tone : ' I was forgetting my promise to go to Mrs. Berrick.' ' I will see Mrs. Berrick and make excuses for yon. My child, I do not think yoa are in the right frame to administer consolation; your mind is too confused, too unsettled. Those who visit the mourner should have a long- tried faith. And perhaps the word of comfort comes best from one who is nearing the end of his own journey.' ' But will ehe think me selfish or unkind?' 'No Lydia; I shall tell her why I did not permit you to go to her. For my part, like Grcatheart, I have gone with many pilgrims through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, and I know all the darkness and dreari ness of the way. But your feet are young, my dear ; you might stumble if you tried to gcide, and the gloom might be too deep for the untried soul.' lydia gave her father a look of gratitude, and went quietly away to her room. The friend who has satisfactorily excused us to ourselves has done us a service that can never be repaid. He has succeeded in hushing that inward voice of reproach which is more un endurable than the clamor of a thousand tongues. The minister's daughter could lie down now and sleep in peace; had not the good man successfully proved that she was spiritually unable to attempt an un pleasant task? She put out her light, drew the dimity curtain back from the latticed window, and lay down to watch the stars. It was good to think that she should get away from David's mourning parents to-morrow. The thought did not come into her mind in this form ; it presented itself in quite another guise, bat it was that very thought and no other. She bad put on black, and shed honest tears ; ehe had, as it were, gone as far as the en trance of tbe valley with Mrs, Berrick, but she was not called upon to plunge into its awful shades. Her father's feet, well accus tomed to the gloom, would tread firmly where hers would faii. She little knew that a path, far darker than that shadowy vale, was already tracked out for her footsteps ; nor could she guess that, in fcbmming the mourner's way, she was flying straight to the great anguish of her life. As she lay awake she began to recall the hymns that they had sung in chapel that evening; and then, unawares, her thoughts drifted away to the stranger's song— 'When we two parted In silence and in tears.' The words and melody haunted her until the fell SBleep ; and she did not loee the music even in her dreams. The morning was so fresh and fair that Lydia awoke in 'gladness. It was the very day for an excursion; and to this girl a trip cf any bind was a rare thing. The world out of doors was full of flowers and sunshine ; she was going out among the blossoms and butter flieB, going to escape from 'the trivial round, the common task,' and be made one with nature. Her black gown had to be taken from its peg, and shaken and dusted ; it was a heavy dress for this bright weather, and her mind turned longingly tothesnrnmer frock of soft dove color which was put out of sight till the time of mourning had expired. She was human ; and she knew that the dove color suited her very well. But what vain thoughts were these ? Life was solemn ; death had snatched away a dear friend; and yet this foolish heart of hers must needs be busy with vanities ! She knelt down by her bed, and prayed to be forgiven for the follies of the iknb. The sight of her young face, placidly cheer ful, allajed the minister's fears. He felt he had done wisely in planning this holiday ; the girl was grave and thoughtful beyond her years, sad be did sot wish to see her spirit too deeply shadowed. No one had ever accused her of the slightest tendency to frivolity ; her young associates stood a little in awe of Lydia Meade, and were conscious that a certain line divided her from them selves. All her gentleness and sweetness could tot put her -on a level with the girls of her f fitter's flock ; she gave herself no airs, ehe was genial and familiar with every one of them, snd yet they always regarded her with secret veneration. 'How glad I am, miss, to see you going oat for a lark !' said Nancy, following her to the house doer. There are some people who belong so evi dently and heartily to this world that all efforts to spiritualise them are in vain. Nancy was one of these honest worldlings, utterly un sB&ctificd; by her residence under the minis ter's roof; a jovial 'child of wrath,' untroubled by any convictions of sin. Lydia, who liked her well, felt herself bound to bestow a gentle word and look of rebuke. ' Oh, Nancy,' she said, ' why will yoa use scch expressions? I am not going to seek any of the world's pleasures.' 'No, miss; but they may meet you unex pected- like; and then there's no harm in enjoying 'em.' Lydia smiled and sighed, and went her way ; but Nancy had managed to materialise her mind. As she tripped on across tbe fields to the railway'station she began to indulge un awares in a dangerous longing for something to happen. In a life so tame as hen every trifling incident is an exciting event. The chance meeting with a stranger had broken up the calm of her existence— looks, words, and tones that another girl would have for gotten in an hoar were lingering in har memory, and then, true to her training, she fell to pondering abont tbe state of his soul. She did not believe that he could be a mere every-dsy sinner, perfectly satisfied with his condition and altogether regardless of a life beyond this life. How meekly he had accepted that little rebuke of hers ! She had lead instances of striking conversions effected by the simule words of women and children. The good seed dropped by a feeble hand had been known to take root and flourish. It would be an excellent thing if she could see him once more, quite alone, and talk with him undisturbed. So she mused, hastening on along narrow paths that went winding through the long grass, avoiding the town and gaining the railway station by a byway. Not many people were going to travel by that early train ; the station was quiet, and she took her second-class ticket to Pikesfield without delay. There would be five minutes to spend in parang np and down the platform, and reading all the posters and advertisements before the train came up. Most of us can remember those weary moments that we have spent at railway stations in contemplating the pictorial an nouncements of certain firmer. The ferocious lion taken in a snare, the highly-intelligent dogs in council, the jocund child displaying its empty cop — we know them all too well, and have In our sick moods regarded them with unspeakable loathing ; but liydia, fresh and unworn, surveyed them with a pleased interest that brought a calm smile Into her face, and was so happily occupied that she did not hear footsteps approaching her dde. 'Good morning,' said as ualorgotten voice. . - . . Here wai something happening, -indeed! The stranger looked very much at hit ease, lifted his hat with a quiet grace, and ventured on a look of deferential pleasure. : ' I am afraid I left you rather abruptly last night,' he went on. 'You were not thanked half enough for your kindness to a poor wan derer.' ' Indeed you make far too much of a small service,' said Lydia, a soft flush rising to her cheeks. Be had thought her very pretty in the twi light, but she was ten times fairer in the sun shine. She wore no veil, and the foil light of the morning shone upon her fresh yet delicate face, revealing all its lovely tints. He had seen scores of beautiful faces, but not one so pure as hers — not one that conveyed so perfect an impression of innocence and peace. The toar of the approaching train began to be heard, and a porter came up with a travel ling bag. 'Are we to be fellow-travellers?' the stranger asked. It was evident that he waited anxiously for a reply. Was not this the opportunity that she had wished for? From her childhood she had been taught that nothing happens by chance, that every trifle is a link in the mysterious chain of Providence. Her heart beat bigh with a new hope ; it seemed to her that the was the chosen instrument of God. It wes almost too bright a thought to bo cherished, but the mere possibility thrilled fcer with intense happiness. 'I am goiDg as far as Pikeafield,' she answered. And then the train came up. It waa delightfully strange to find herself handed into a carriage with tender care ; and her . companion took his placemen the opposite seat. They were alone together. Chapter VL— 'Methoucht it was Very Sweet, ' I had no hope of meeting you again thii morcing,' he said as the train moved on, ' Something seemed to tell me that you sel dom left that pretty home of yours.' ' I do not of tc n travel,' she replied frankly. ' To-day I am going to see an aunt at Pikes field ; it is only a very short journey.' ' And do yon never get tired of your quiet life among the fields?' She hesitated. ' No, not tired. Bat sometimes I wish that the Master had givenmemore work to do I hear of cthtrs who achieve so much, while I am just perf ormicg my everyday duties and dreaming cf greater things.' 'Perhaps you have already done greater things than you are aware of,' he said, with deep meaning in his tone. 'You don't realise the influence of a stainless life, nor the power of words spoken by pure lips.' He knew perfectly well that he was speak irg to a ministers daughter, and understood the kind of nature with which he was dealing. His hostess of the Pine tree had given him a full account of the Meades ; Lydia's good ness and beauty could not pass altogether un noticed by those who lived in her neighbor hood, and she often visited the cottages on the outskirts of Nettleford. 'Ton do not know me,' she said tremul ously. 'With such a good father for my guide, I ought to be a thousand times better than I am. Often when the opportunity comes, I am too feeble to speak the word in season.' 'You spoke to the purpose last night That gentle rebuke made me heartily ashamed of my ligbtcess and frivolity. And it made me feel, too, that my eoul was not quite uncared for ; there are times when I am half tempted to think that no one is in the least concerned about me.' If he had studied her for years he could not have found a surer way to her heart. The poor child, in her simplicity, was only too ready to accept the swaet flattery implied in his speech. It was not her doing, she thought, if this soul was awakened from its spiritual slumber; ehe was bat the humble instrument of a Divine hand. And yet how delightful it was to be entrusted with this mission I Here indeed was a fresh interest in the quiet life that had lately seemed alnuuttoo tranquil and commonplace. It never occurred to her that this chance acquaintance would certainly not have been sanctioned by Mrs. Grundy. She knew as little of society snd its ways as one of her own roses : and, like the rose, her sweetness might have been her passport anywhere. Bat she had none of the prudent young lady'a horror of being ' talked about.' To her it seemed a simple and natural thing to follow the in stincts of a guileless heart. There was no mother to famish her with a little hoard of maxims against impulsiveness; no elder sitter to point out the peril that always lied hidden in the friendship of a young woman and a yenng man. 'I am glad I did not offend you,' she said, earnestly. 'It was a presumptuous thing to reprove a stranger.' 'Not when the reproof U so sweetly spoken as yours was. I like to think that such ss jou are appointed to be the guar dian: of erring men like me. Bat you cannot knew the force of our temptations ; we live in the tnic&t; of ttzmoit and strife, aud all oar betttr feelings are crushed. I am Bure that if I have any chance of being good, I shall owe it to seme cue who intercedes for me.' There tre some people who never fall to strike tbe right chord when they wish to pltaee. This man did not pause to ask him self why he was putting forth all his powers to interest a simple girl. He suffered himself to obey the dictates of a sudden fancy, and he was not consciously nor deliberately untrue. Nature had made him an actor, and among the numerous characters in his repository he was sometimes puzzled to find the one that really belonged to him. Just at this moment there was something in the dove- like eyes of the listener that made him thoroughly in earnest. Her intense belief inspired him with the desire to be real. She was looking at him with an expression which he had seen assumed often enough by clever actresses playing the part of saintly women. But here was the look without the usual adjuncts of rouge and psarl-powder and footlights— here was the look on a perfectly natural little face, framed in a commonplace black bonnet, and it had a peculiar effect on him. ' I think my good angel must have cent me here,' he said in a voice that trembled slight! j ; and biB ejes met hers with a wistful gaze. ' May I ask yoa to remember me and pray forme?' 'Indeed I will,' she answered fervently. ' Somehow I knew it was no chance that led you to our cottage last night. I am not elo quent ; I must leave unsaid a thousand things that I long to say ;— but, do not forget the provision made for human weakness. The highway is plain, even when it runs straight through Vanity Fair ; and the journey is not, and cannot be very long. Over seventy years (or not so many, perhaps) of toiling and striving ; and then the river, and the Celes tial City on the other side.' ' It would be easy to keep to the right way if one were guided by a voice like yours,' he eighed, 'Ah, you shake your head at that ! And yet the Israelites had a leader in their wanderings, and Christiana and her sons had an earthly guide.' ' That is true,' shs said, thoughtfully. 'ThenyouwUlnotbeangry if I want to see you again. Miss Meade? You see I have learnt your name.' 'I shall be clad to see you again if lean do j ou good,' she replied. ' But you do not live in our neighborhood.' ' No ; but Nettleford isn't so far from London. I work hard all the week, and when Sunday comes I am glad to escape into the country for fresh air and rest.' ' Do you really work hard?' she asked, in nocently. 'There are no traces of toil about you,' she added, glancing at the slender h&nds;, delicate and well kept, and at the sight of them there came a swift recollection of poor David's horny palms and floury nails. The first lover had never failed to carry evi dences of the baking business upon his per son ; but this man— what could he have had to do with labor of any kind? 'Most people would tell you,' he said, ' that Ralph Norrington is one of the hardest working men in town.' ' Balph Norrington -is that your name V 'Yes.' He watched her narrowly as he spoke ; bat it was evident that the name was quite new to her ears. ' I thought I was getting worn and haggard enough to excite anybody's compassion,' he continued. ''Some one told me the other day that there was an old- young look in me that was positively pitiable.' She scrutinised him for a moment with^a gentle, candid glance. The well-cut fac- did certainly show signs of wear and tear ; there were lines upon the forehead, and a fine network of wrinkles at the corners of the datk eyes. 'Yon are worn,' she admitted, after a pause. 'You have to work late at night, perhaps, and that is always bad for the 'Yes,' hesaidwithanothersmtle not so easy to read. 'My work keeps me up late, and I only get a holiday once a week.' 'The Sabbath is a great blessing,' re marked Lydia. ' To you it must indeed be a day of rest.' There arose in his mind a vision of Sunday dinners at the Star and Garter, with all the accessories of fun and laughter and cham pagne; and he swiftly pictured the faces of his professional sisters, the actresses who shared in those feasts. Bright faces they were, although much ot their bloom and frethness had been early worn away; but he could not help thinking how strangely this girl's face would look in their company. It amused him mightily to imagine Lydia Meade, in her plain bonnet and gown.soming suddenly upon one of these say partiea, making the most of their ' Day of rest.' ; 'It is a great relief to get an hour ortwdtt of leisure* he replied. 'Bat X aa«BtUag£ rather tired of our Cockney rotreato; anOti like the Pinetree so well that I tfcink I shall be there again next Sunday.' ' So soon?' she said, the soft blush mount ing to her cheeks again, 'Yes. the change will be good for body and soul. Will yoa let me see yoa. Miss Meade?' There was a moment* a pause, but hers was not the hesitation of reluctance. She was only wondering what the minister would say to this new friend. ' I shonld like you to meet my father,' she said. 'He could talk to you far better than I can. Naturally be is a little tired after preaching, bnt I think he would be glad to see yoa.' ' I don't like to intrude, yet I long to pay another visit to that dear oid cottage. Wui yen expect me then after evening service ?' '? Yes,' said Lydia, simply. With a sudden pane of regret she saw that they were nesting Pikesfield, and in a few moments more the train slackened speed. Their hands met, and hers held ia a linger ing clasp. His dark eyes were looking eagerly into her face. ' Good-bye,' he said, ' but only for a little while.' He sprang oat of the carriage, helped her to alight, and then returned to his seat. Pikesfield was an unimportant station, and the train never waited long there. In another moment it had rushed on, and she was left standing on the quiet platform like one in a dream. A eecond or two went by before she could route herself, and remember the comnun matters of life. It would not do to indulge in reveries in Aunt Tabitba's presence; a vt ) y practical person was Miss Tabitha R j *rs ; her sharp eyes wculd be quick to detect any signs of a preoccupied mind. It was iiaria cutefor Ljdia that her Aunt's cottage was n- &r;?y a mile from the ra/2-ray station. The walk would fcive her time to oailect nor thoucfc^, atd help to bring her ia*o a itr-re trsrquil frsmp. Ae the traversed the pleasant cnuutry roai ste was conscious of a new and wonderful happiness that pervaded her whole being. Was it not a truth that she was ths eonnn vz irg }ick between his soul and heaven .' Wtti cot her feeble h&nd; predestined to lead him out ef tbe city of Destruction and set him in tro csriow way of righteousness? Eiiveleprd in a cloud of enthusiasm, she saw het future path through a glorious mist tfcat obscured all tbe dark places and pitfalls. At, in a vision she beheld two figures side by side, the strong leaning on tiia weak; the biiuple instructing tbe wise; the timid gently guiding the brave. Prom her mother, Lydia had inherited a nature predisposed to religious exaltation. E&d; she been born in au earlier age ska wculd k&ve; been like 'the wan sweet m&idtti;' of Arthur's time, who projei aud fasted— Till the son Store, and the 'Kind blew thro' her. And now, remembering that he had asked her to pray tor him, she felt as if all her nights ard days must be devoted to prayer — as if her whole life must be from henceforth one fervent supplication. And then came the thought of her f -tthsr, and the ghost of a fear found its nay into tha warm heart. Mr. Meade was the most benevolent of pastors, but there had baen times when be had shown himself somewhat sceptical about tbe conversions of young men, especially when such conversions had been effected through the agency of young women. ' There was a danger,' he would say in his fftuiisr phraseology, 'o£ mistaking mere hum&n; emotion for tbe genuine work of the Holy Spirit.' His daughter recalled these words with dread. She felt that if he were to steed in doubt cf his friend's sincerity, he jniliht check the work cf grace that had only just begun. And yet, what need was there to b6 afraid? Her father iras so generous, so clear-sighted, that she could not help believ ing he would see this anxious enquirer with her eyes. Thus reassured sac returned to her beatific visions, acd walked mechanically up to her aunt's doer with eyes shilling, and cheeks like a June rose. ' Lydia,' £&i-J; Miss Bowe. greeting her on the threshold, ' I didn't expect you to-day, but you are welcome. Why, what has come over yon, child V 'Nothing, AuntT&bitha;: I've beea walking fast, that's all.' 'Then I'd advise all the young girls ot my acquaintance to walk fast, for it has a most wonderful (Sect on the complexion. You come here smiling as if you'd just got a fortnee. I thought I should have seen a very different face.' 'Why. Aunts?' Miis Bowe drew a step backward, and stared hard at her niece. 'Well, child,' she said, after a pause, 'I like to see young folks looking bright; but somehow your face doesn't match your gown ; I see you've put on mooreing for poor David.' & Lydia's countenance fell ; she wa* ashamed and remorseful in a moment, These new feelings and experiences of hers had driven David clean out of her head. (To be continued.) 