A LADY'S MELBOURNE GOSSIP '"V . BY ZANTIPPE. Man is a gregarious animal. In a wild etato ho io found wandarlng in tribes through his native bush. It is nob so muoh tho lovo of bis kind, (in .this caso) .that induces bonipantboBhip as a substantial fear of tlio evil spirits belioved by him to exist in stonos, running brooks, and . in tho thunder clouds rattling overhead.' It is not until -wo becorao- eivilisod that men aro foilnd who. love to bo alono to oommuno with tiatdfo, "mute, inglorious "Miltons" yet " Wanting tho accompliahmohfc Of verso." It requires a mind of high ordor to prefer; with Byron tho convorso with nnbnro, " to tho hUnl, tUo shock of ihon" ' s And' ' we ' 'of MOinoumo uru uui uc -. tau most ordinary kind, for fow of us caro to be ntono for any length .of timo. If ono thing shows tho gregarious j nature: of man morb than anothon it in the. number of olubs whioh exists for him, and which will in alt prob- abillty cSist until that colobratod lost man sUng by Campbell (and for whom Mr. Proctor predicts a "freezing" reebption)/ finds a club a' dreary phree after all. Amongst othor monopolies onjoyed by tbo lords of creation -it was. thought : until rb-' contly that ho had cortainly letters patoqt for his olub. A fow years ago ho would hdve predicted total destruction to, tho- order of sooibty Were it proposed, oc oven whispered, by sorno liberal spirit that per haps ik was only ono of the many rights of; women— from. :.whfch tytant man : has so. long - debarred thom— to havo thoir par ticular clubs as well. NoW-a-days thora is very littlo ;of tho etay-at-homo- nnd-work- vnni>.nmhmiilnnr binrl nf lifn (imfinmit OOP women. Slowly bat surely they are invad ing overy business, every profession. Is it nob but a fow weeks ago that ono of our girls succeeded ihr taking her dogroo, and who'shall'say what honours thoro may not bo." for :jibr in tho future ? Aro thoro not lady doctors who vialb us for tho twofold purposes of recruiting thoir health and thoir parses? Aro not lady olorks replac ing their masculino rivals in tho Govern ment ofiloeB, wboro tho diffcrenco is folt by tho80r whb havo studied - the' writings of Chostorficld, tho princo of writors, upon the j somewhat neglected virtao 'of-politenoss.- In.Amcricj\ wdmoa haya applied for tho position's of steamboat captains, bat, griev ous to relate,1 doubta wcro expressed as to. thoir. capabilities, and so thoy retired to 'tholr : lioiaes to hido their time I havo . . oven heard that thoro aro feminine printers, and there hava been editresses; but history -is silent as to lady, roportora. -Is it that tholr orthodoxy would bo qucationod did they join tho ranks of thoso whom tho Americans terms ink-plingora, or is jt that tlio terrors of shorthand confront thorn like tho; ghosts at Banqiio's feast; ' Is -it that thoy aro wanting in Bufiloioht bruin power for this profession, also that rnontal (or is, it piiysical) quality peculiar to paohydor- jnata. Without raising a debate on tho question enough is known of tho capabilities or womon to allow tliat thoy are not tno dependant oreatnres of long ago. But if thoy havo ceased to ko.dopondant thoy still retain that lovo of oommuno with their own ban apart from daily caroj, which tho oy nical call " gossip, " aud they still lovo to enjoy tho doliglits of . dress and; fashion, ami above all they lovo their afternoon tea. As showing the- independence of Melbourne Iodic?, there has boon established rccontly in Collins-stroot a ladies' o1nb. Do not think by this that it is a Dorciis club for tho pur pose of supplying flnnnol garments to tho littlo.. heathen, anfl jvhich tho. sceptical niaintain tho aforesaid juycuilo heretics Would scorn to wear. - It is a' club paro'dnd simDio. whoro tho nowsnanera and poriodi- calsibf -tho day can bo found, where fragrant coffee, good toa, aud delicious buns and pastry aro snpplii)ftb qny jiour. It is a set of wcU'furaishbd rooms, well lighted, comfortable andconvonient in thooxtremo. A lady manager, already vory popular, and ..deservodlysOt'or: her'tady.liko- m'annor )tind amiability; bCSithee Whole irenponaibllityof tho clubl' And n, proOf iOf-her ability for. 'tho positidnJsiindicafcod: byrtho:flonrishing con- ditioniofitho 'olubif /It numbers nearly two hundred mombOra-fporhapH more, bu3 1 am nofc co'rrcwtly ipfdcnlod pn/thig pointrHVNd no placo in town is more pleagant to pass away a:, spare lb our; Before ; its '.odvont .a i'ladyihed; no really OQnycniontxendmiVpns. Gunsler's and 'Mullen's corbainly wpro used ffor. this, purpose, but .an appointment ; was not always convenient to Jreop;iiv tho ono place, cwhejro ono ;wn s : expected) to .oat, .and in'tho other subBQribors.Dnly.iOould com fortably Mraeofc. . There aro..>nauy young ladies who may ho seen yet (cooping ap- ppinkmqntB;fit tlin door. of. Mullen's; hqt for many reasons some bettor place, is required. -WliPfi A lady is shoppiag it is- awkward ;to carry sipaU'.pgrcels. ao.ut. tow,n/Until sho io -.pqady-ito go diptaneuhuirand opp ,dops no.t, jikp f rpqbling 8fiopmen Jo send thom. To meet this littlo.. incqnvpnionco members ' of ;;|ho I'clubnxayHpiaYoiiif1??0?8 thoro, and have thorn sant ihorap ;\f, nbooa- 8:1 ry. Then if sho is dusty and fools untidy after two or tlirea hours industrious promo- ' nadiug and shopping, it is very ploasant to (bb qbje to liavo d wuljl 'fitted up lavatory where a lady may brush up herself. Diirihg thp.y7intqr. wh0n in thqfcjty tJe riucqmes on Bn4donly,rasifcdqeft-nqwh9toic!/?P» thoro- is ,q copy 'pitting , rpom.'tp 'atcq ppplf com- fortablo, and watel.tho'.unhappy peoplo on' thp block who are not mqmbershaqd think r Ji'oWl veiy ' 'teuoh' thoy 'drb ' to ; bq -piticd,- mbellas'dre.lhthilqdf'R nfotdjieT'has no; ritnq to bnjby,tho,cbinf9ito:,'of helT'cIub, at 1 lenht Sho' ia'priyilbgod tb -bbrrdw'it'n am- brolltl;1 ; It':is 'oftbii' considered ''tax upon tbo firmosb f rio 0 dsliip to lend an umbrella, nnd at tliojshpps jthb ustiitq ownets' thereof dca1ino.'rdihtly;to:lfiad'jltW£..qi rower nor a lender bo," thoy Bay with Hnmleti bntNto' bbcomo a buyer '.is "qui to" anothur mattor! TherofSro oh a rainy day a1 nominal feo ontitlesUho ladics to' trip 'dcrbSS'froin the block txTthoir- ciub to nro- curo tho. whoro, withal to .shelter thomsolves and thorn' now bbnnqtB ffohi the /elcraenta.i ; Tho Uulldihga where Jhpclub ,opqup(ba rqoma aro new and art reigns supreme. Dewu- Btairs a'piahd'warehouqe is magnificent, in d largo stock of musical 'instruments. ..Ovori head tho club, and oh tlio third stWy'dro painting-' bldssesV : ' Wliafc inOto - cohldf tho'! most; faetidiqus- desire, in high ..qlqas-ourj roundings. Tho rooms, as previously men tioned, pre commodious, well furnished, and ' coraFOrtnblo. Tho -drawing - :?wh6rb« uono but mombors aro admitted, is a : long: room in tho front, well lightod-by four.largo windows, which -aro it 'is;iiQcdlbB3'to: Bay prettily, draped with dainty, wlutq curtains, Tho wall papor is in tlin laiost' stylo' of dccorhtion, having a. dixrlc ground '.'for > brightly tintod bunch of flowers, and a dado to iuatclu The pictures .aro ehnplo but woll qhosen, amongst thorn tho prints' from ' Millais colobratod pictures -Cinderella'.- and Chorry Jtipo. Thoso in doep . gilt frames , are at oithor end of the room, aud for those partial to natural' history there arb -two- pioturos of a lion and a lioneBs. > Brackots aro lioro and thoro in tho. corners and.nbput the wnlls, < ornamontod : with rprottyi little figures. A clock ia on pno, bracket, and ; iq useful in reminding visitors of how qutclrly timo flics libra.1 80ft carpots oh tho floor- and along thp corridors outgido-doadons the. sound of footsteps, and no noiso is heard but that from tho busy otrcot or tho hum of voices, . If.ahy of tho m9mbors,nre..yiqtimB, to neuralgia: horb is tho very placo whura no t anging doors- or harsh' bounds break; tlio stilluees, -Small j tables, arpr ar ranged in this cosy room wil-h aftornoon tea : seta" whero tho .muoh needed cup of tep, may. bo onjoyed. Tho: tobleB'iustei.u 'of having' tftVo -clof-l are oncli./urnishetj with, four Btiuaro plato glass mirrbra'plaqbd together,' and these are bxcbllonfc' rblleoforfl 'bbth Of- thoso who oooupyAho .tobIeo?and tlio; cups nnd saucors. Mirrorod tea tableB. aro certainly a noyolty, and aro. moreover 'tory pretty#; and for , tho; purpose bolug ldeoidbdimprovomontson table cloths, whiou: aio soon soilod, and iu the caio of a dozen or more tables givo an othorwiso pretty room tho look of an ordinary restaurant, Tho ohairs and couches nro well upholstorod, and aro greatly appreciated by tho weary. From tho windows there is seen that always attraotlvo portion of tho block from Nichol son's cornor to Million's, and on Saturday morning no hotter place than this room oould bo chosen to study tho latost fashions as adopted by those fortunate ladles who are onablod to wear tho newest bonnotannd v costumes of tho latest stylo. In tho oven- ing tho room is lighted with gas .lights \ fixed in tlio walls, and sh aded"7 Ith"0pal globes, by which. a soft subdued light, .is diffasod! - Tho dining rooba.ii immediately ' .behind the drawing room, nnd horo mem bers are privileged to introdnco theirfrionds. A Hberal-bULof faro-io provided for tho dallv lnnchoon. which Is ncrvod at stated hours. Tho sidohoaids glittor with glass and silvor, and tho' tabloa aro replete . ndth nit tho neoossarics for dining In comfort Tho room : is carpotod, and tho! two large windows at ono ond are curtainod. with peat taste. For the literary a smaU Vpom sspcoially provided, where . pons and note >apor are found for writing purposes". It 0 a novel sensation for a: lady to .address the confidential communications which sho so- often writes to. lior dearest firionds from her olab. No' doubt in a short timO 'tho hoto paper will bo 'stamped' with tho hamo nf tho club as at masculinQ institutions. Easy-.chiiirs and-a oonoh Are intended for tHoso who/ wish' to read;', and !hero is au excellent place , to . glancq Vat; thb; latest , mAgazihca or. tho nowost nbvel brought, yet unoiit, from MulIons.v/ A sptoo 9so neatly covered with cretonne and sateen as to bo quito ornamontal Is used' for an ofiJco by tho lady managor, and tho wonder is when 'sho flndfr tinurto ocaapyrifc, for oho seems to bo constantly attending to tho comfort of ono or othor of tho uiombors Hor assistant is cprtainly pevorthqo an sho Booms to bo in overy place whoro there js a want to bo attendodi »TKq lavatory jlq at tho'ond of tho corridor, and-appreao1ied:by a short flight of stairs, It is a small bat uoat littlo plaoo, with! the dressing table decorated with whito mualln and ribbons, and has on it hairpins and pins and othor requisites of tho toilot in profusion. After having tho terrors1 of a dusty day in tho e|ty ono may onter this .little . roopLjobd omorgo thorefrom qs radiant and charming as ono who has just comc 'oat of tho typical .bandbox. Nor must bo forgotten tha Bttlo messenger boy,' who with' black velvet salt and cap looks a very aesthete, and whoso duty it is to dollvor any mdssdgo or parcel, or post letters for mombors.- In n word the ladles' olub is an institution whoso want la tho city has been long folt by liidle3''frmti tho eHburbs and from, tho; country, who often find it inconvoniont whon in town and engaged in tho.myriad.oommissionB from homo to return daring tho day to their hotel or' boarding houses, Mateonavthay also, ongiigo. sorvanta . through . ,tbq lady managor of tlio club, and thb means' bf obtaining domostso helps is an easy ono compared te tho registry oillcQ system, 