THE MARCH MAGAZINES. , In the EintlunOt Century Mr. Edward Dicey, a frequent contributor on the Egyptian Question, sends from Cairo a paper on tbe English Protectorate, a form of control of which ho is a strong advocate, regarding it ' its me oniy pracucui solution ua viiu x-gypuiuu difficulty. He remarks that for the present the British Government have deranged every thing and established nothing, while their attitude towards the Khedive has always been capable of expression in the phrase, "For three hundred and sixty-four days in tho year you insist upon the Khedive ploying the part of Granger's ' Eoi d'Yvetot,' and on the three hundred and sixty-fifth day you expect , him to appear in tho character of a Napoleon." Mr. Dicey believes that there can never be a state of stable equilibrium in the relations between Egypt and the Soudan so long as Khartoum is not ruled from Cairo. Miss Lonsdale is rather severe upon Platform Women, whom sho reminds — O, it is not. lonil tones and mouttilngncfs ; 'Tis tint titc arms alcimrm and laree strides That make a woman's force. The tinie-t birds With softest downy breasts ltavo passions in ibcm, And are brave with lovo. The mental and moral condition which tho modern platform woman herself exhibits, ob serves Miss Lonsdale, is tho Burest proof of the mischief which public Bpeaking is working by Iter agency on the community at large — tho gradual hardening of the countenance and of tlie external manner and address indicating too niirelv the real repression going on within of much tiiat is lovable and admirable in a woman. " No repose, ontwnrdiy or mentally, is to be found in iter society ; she produces a strong impression of tmnaturainess, and of living in antagonism with the worid around her ; an nnfortunate frame of mind which has to be fostered, since her position is not yet, thank Heaven, by any means an assured one, and must he ' struggled for and pursued under protest from a large section of both sexes. Would not true width of intellect, trne largeness of heart and soul be shown by submitting to live in what seems a small space — by realising, in tho words of George Eliot, that the- growing good of tlie world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts, and that things nre not so ill with yon and me as they might have been is half owing to the number who live faithfully a hidden life, and rest in nnvisited tombs 1" The opening of picture galleries, libraries and mnseums on Sundays lias n stanch advocate in the Earl of Dunraven, who replies to the objection on the score of Snnday labor that tlie week day half holiday must be given up before Sunday is touched, and that nothing short of absolute necessity will evercompelEnglishmen to workon Sundays. He regards it as unreasonable to suppose that a slight relaxation of Snnday observance wonld lessen the esteem in which tho day of rest is held from tlie secular point of view, or would predispose working men to labor on that day. Ou the contrary, he observes, tiih real danger to Sunday lies in its ceasing to bo appreciated as a benefit. Discussing the ques tion of ship insurances and I03S of life at sen, Sir Titos. Brossey points out, in support of some reforms he advocates, that tlie occurrence of prevcntible disaster entails high rates of premium. If half the money now lavished on insurance, he says, were applied in repairs and maintenance, in strengthening crews, in improving equipments and in reducing tho cargoes of tho ships which are overladen, tlie seamen of our mercan tile marine would be spared untold suf fering and anxiety, the charges imposed on tho community at largo for freight would be. lightened, and tli6 discredit would be removed which reckless ship owners have brought on a branch' of enterprise in which it ia tlie pride and boact of England that she holds a fore most place. Under the title of The Ghost of Ifeligion, Mr, Frederic Harrison notices Mr. Herliert Spencer's last paper on religion, and describes it as formulating tho creed of Agnos ticism witli a dciinltenesssuch as it never wore before. As a summary of philosophical cou- clusions on tiio theological problem, ho regards it as unanswerable, but he holds that it deals rather witli tho ghost of religion than with religion, which, as a living forco, lies in a different sphere. Earl Grey, in an article oil the Honse of Commons, takes a somewhat doleful view of the future of Parliamentary Govern, meat, holding that there lias been a change for the worse in the character of tho House of Commons of into years, and that tho rivalry of political parties bids fair to lead up to the establishment of measures much too demo cratic for his taRto, Mr. Justice Stephen contributes to tho Fortnightly an exhaustive article on the history of blasphemous libel, and observes that tlie law upon this subject can be explained and justified only on what be regards as its true principle — tho principle of persecution. It is that if the law were really impartial, and punished blasphemy only because it offends tho feelings of believers, it ought also to punish such preaching as offends the feelings of un believers. Ail the more earnest ond enthu siastic forms of religion, he remarks, aro extremely offensive to those who do not believe them. Why should not people who aro not Christians be protected against the rough, coarse, ignorant ferocity with which they are often told tiiat they nnd theirs are on the way to liell fire for ever and ever ? Such a doc trine, though necessary to be known if true, is, if false, revolting nnd mischievous to tho last degree. If the law in no degree recog nised these doctrines as true, if it were as neutral as the Indian penal code is between Hindoos and Mahometans, it wonld have to apply to the Salvation Army the same rule it applies to the Freethinker and its con tributors. Mr. Justice Stephen holds that blasphemy and blasphemous libel should cease to be offences at common law at all; that tlie statute of William III. should be re pealed, and that it shonld be enacted that no one except beneficed clergymen of the Chnrch of England shonld be liable to ecclesi- astieal censures for "atheism, blasphemy, heresy, schism, or any other opinion." An English Tory furnishes a brightly written and highly humorons paper, which he calls Job and His Comforters. It deals in a light and satirical vein with the position of the Tory party in the House of Commons, and is a very readable production. Speaking of Mr. Glad stone's predecessor in ofiice, tlie writer says : " Lord Beaconsfield, like other men of great ability w'ho have owed their position, under Providence, to their abilities alone, had a great distrust and dislike for anything which might pretend to be a rival genius, unless, at least,, it wa3 half stided by a coronet As soon as ho became tho undisputed leader of the partv which he had so long nominally led, be natur ally, perhaps excusably, sought to reinforce his influence in tho Cabinet by tbe introduction of colleagues upon whose votes ho could count In and after the year 1 S"4, gentlemen who could say "ditto" to Mr. DiBraeli were in request. Wherever he saw a man of business he made much of him ; when he discovoreed an obse quious plutocrat he recruited him. Hence it came to pass that when that commaudm" presence was withdrawn from tlie Treasury bench, the House of Commons and the country became — at first, perhaps, insensiblv— aware of the almost inconceivable iucapacityof the colleagues whom he left behind him. The year 1S7P marked probably the nadir of Min isterial influence in the Lower Chamber. Never before, nnd as certainly never a-'ain, will an Opposition hnve to contend with Min isters 60 barren in ideas, so irresolnte in deci sion, so weak in utterance, and so timid in action, as the five or six persons wholinddled round tlie bell wether of tlie Treasury, trem bling at the first sennd of an Irish brogue and fleeing in stuttering disorder whensoever Mr. Gladstone thought proper to use against such poor creatures the weapons so often tried against a worthier foe. . . . The party which in evmparativaly recent day of discouragement produced a Hardy, a Hunt, aud even a Northcote, can scarcely fail to fur nish their counterparts to-day. It would be a sad thing if the great political confederation, which almost saved and afterwards restored the English monarchy, which checked the French Republic nnd crushed Napoleon in his i pride, shonld expiro under tho counter of a : circulating library in the Strand." Lady ! Gregory gives some interesting Glimpses of ! the Soudan, and bears testimony to the fact I tiiat ttic sovereignty of Egypt had little or j no effect in putting down the horrors i of tho slave trade. In an article ! entitled The Harvest of Democracy, Sir Lepel Griffin complains of tlie effects of manhood suffrage in America, untemperod by j any educational test, aud rendered uncontrol- | lable by the surging mass of emigration which : wasa condition uncstiniated by the drafters of tho constitution. In reply to those Englishmen : who seom to believe that the golden age has passed for their country, and that she is falling into decrepitude, he answers that this is not the view of those who have breathed tho free air of tiie younger and Greater Britain in Canada, Australia or India. Writing under the title of A World in Pawn, Mr. A. J. Wilson Gads fault with tho tendency of nations nnd colonies to contract debts, and tints, perniciously in his viow, to mortgage the labor of present and future generations for tho gratification of a passing fit of social development and the en richment of tho small wealthy class. In | an obituary of the late Mr. Abraham | ITnyward, Mr. T. H. S. Escott pays a high | tribute to his literary and social qnalitics, aud I shows that he often exercised an important : influence in Cabinet councils. Mr. Hayward was a man who uncompromisingly maintained lib opinions. It is related that a young lady, on being told that lie was the sort of man who would do vehement justice to her if she Were wrongly assailed, but would bring any slip sho j might make into prominent relief, had tlie j viai red to say, " What a horrid mau." I Tlie Contemporary opens with a sympathetic review, by the Rev. J. Llewelyn Davies, of the life of Fredk. Maurice. The writer re marks that though Maurice did not create a party to be added to tho existing parties who | wage war with one another in the Church of j England, lio left much behind him- I in tlie diffused effect of the prin ciples and ideas to which he bore j witness ; while in the closing Bcenes of his life there was nothing unworthy of the faith, and hope, and love by which its noble efforts had been sustained. .Stepoiak, tlie pseudony mous author of l/nileryrotind Jiunsia, discusses some aspects of terrorism in Russia nnd in Europe in connection with recent dynamite explosions in England nnd olsewhere. ITo is of opinion that these attempts nre isolated ones, i conceived and carried out by single individuals or by small groups, and he regards them as experiments iu the nso of dynamite rather than as political acts. As to the danger that this aspect of the matter may change with time, ho points out that terrorism has no raiiton d'itrc on European soil, and will tuereforo not suc ceed in forming for itself the indispensable sur rounding of a mass of sympathisers and support ers. It is worthy of remark tiiat the organ of the Russian terrorists published ndeclarationon tli o death of President Garfield, protesting in the name of the party against all acts of violence like that which accomplished his death, adding, " In a country where the liberty of the subject allows peaceful discussion of ideas, where tlie will of the people not only makes the law, but chooses the person by whom it is administered — in sucli a country as this, political assassination is a manifestation of the identical despotic tendency to tiio destruction of which we are devoting ourselves in Russia. Despotism, whether wielded by individuals or by parties, is equally condemnab!e,and violence cau ouly be justified when it is opposed to vio lence." Mr. Walter Bcsant devotes an article to showing the necessity of improving the amuse ments of the people. He snggests that there may be in the immediate future a vast uni versity iu tho Mile End-road, with affiliated colleges iu all the suburbs, so that unlovely lives may be made beautiful by improving studies — a university commanding also games and sports, so tiiat even those who nre too lazy and too sluggish of brain to learn anything may flock into the palace to sit, talk and arguo in tho smoking rooms ; to read in the library; to see tho students' pictures upon tho walls ; to listen to the students' orchestra, discours ing such music as they have never dreamed of before ; to look on wliilo her Majesty's servants of the people's palnco perforin a play ; and to hoar the bright eyed girls Biug madrigals. Mr. John Westlako, Q.C., takes up anew the subjeot of proportional re presentation, suggesting an amendment which may be described as combining free lists with tho cumulative vote — an arrangement designed to secure that each great body of opinion shall have a representation nenrly proportional to the number of its adhercuts, as tested by the total number of votes given for tho list nomi nated on its behalf, and for the several candi dates on that list. Under this system any two or more candidates mny bo nominated to gether as a list in which their names appear in a certain order. Tho name of no candidate can appoar on more than one list. Any voter may give all or any of his votes to any list so formed, aud may also give all or any of his votes to any candidates on any list, jnst as if they had stood separately. The object ia to free parties from the necessity of tunning fewer candidates than there are members to be returned, on pain of missing their due share of representation, and consequently also from the uncertainty attending the estimate of tho number they should ruu. And it does thi3 while preserving the liberty of auy candidate to stand nloue, and tlie liberty of every elector to vote only for tlio.-o candidates of whom ho approves. The list, for those electors who ap prove it, operates as a mode of transferring their votes to those who need them in accord ance with Mr. Hare's principle. In a Review of Contemporary Life nnd Thought in France, M. Monod states that tho Ferry Ministry lias come out wonderfully strengthened from the struggles of the preceding few months — strong enough, indeed, to Buggest the possi bility of its being destined to a longer life than any of the Ministries nuder tho Republic liave had as yet ; and that M. Ferry has suc ceeded in acquiring a political status and authority such as none of his predecessors enjoyed, not even M. Gambetta, though no one calls M. Ferry a great statesman. In tho Forth American Reticle, Judge Jameson discusses on broad lines tho ques tion, Is our Civilisation Perishable, and refers to the probable accomplishment of tho affirmative viesv, it " the widely prevalent and growing aversion of tbe higher ranks of society to marriage, or to the having of offspring, and the use of meaii3 intended to prevent it," is persevered in. General Smalley, under tlie title of A Defenceless Seaboard, points out that the American navy in point of strength and efficiency lias, witiiiu the last fif teen years, fallen greatly behind the navies of chief European powers, and ho deplores tho fact that at present the appropriations made by Congress are barely sufficient to keep tho old-fashioned American fortifications from falling about the ears of their garrisons, or the I obsolete old American naval hulks from rottinc in their docks or foundering over their anchors. The extravagant laudation of Mrs. Carlyle at tho expense of her husband's reputation for amiability, which has "been so largely in dulged in since the publication of Froude's biography of the philosopher, and of Mrs. Cariyle's letters, lias led to a reaction of feeling. It is not unnatural that a woman should take up the cudgels on behalf of tho mucli-abused husband. Alice II, Rhine de votes a lengthy article to proving that Mrs. Carlyle was neither a genius nor a martyr, and that in point of fact she was not worthy of her husband. Says the feminine critic : — "Taken away from the nimbus of Cariyle's fame and the over praise of critics, tho history of Jane Welsh Cariyle's life does not show her to have been a great or even a remarkable woman, if steadfastness of purpose or heroic endurance of ills common to hunanity typi fies that which iB worthy of admiration. Of herself sho accomplished nothing beyond writing two volumes of mediocre letters. Yet few women of genius ever had better pro paration tiiau she for a career oF intellectual labor. In time she will be relegated to her proper position ; the world will know her neither as genius nor martyr, but simply as tho wife of the great man whose name she bore. Her highest praise will be that in an age of 'gig-womon' os well as gig- men, she ciio'e to encounter poverty with love nnd Cariylo rather than a life of ease and luxury without him." Mr. C. T. Corgdon enters a protest against the tribe of literary resurrectionists , who gratify a useless curiosity at tbe expense of great names. Tiie Orcrland Monthly lias some short and entertaining light stories, and a well sustained variety of literary matter. Tho papers on the late war in South America refer to the great norre and enthusiasm in action displayed by some of tbe Chilian vivandicres. It is related that the handsome and dashing Dolores Rodriguez, whose portrait is given, behaved like a heroine of the first order. When she perceived her husband, who was sergeant, slain on the field over which the charging Chilian co1nmn3 had marched, Hhe hurried to his side, gave him a last parting embrace, and then, picking np his rifle, and buckling his cartridge belt around her slender waist, as best sho could, she rushed to where the contest was hottest, to avenge her fallen mate. Her life was spared, and for her pluck, presence of mind nnd great endurance, she was given, the rank of Iter fallen husband — sergeant. Mr, C. W. Stoddard's cleverly written Lazy Letters from Low Latitudes, contain some satirical references to the Australian tourist ns he is seen passing through Honolulu, such as tho following : — " The colonist is ail angular nonentity, tipped with a cork helmet, aud with a field-glass ou bis hip, or he is a perfectly round and well-fed, if not over-fed, person, whoso faco seenis to have had nil expression scrubbed out of it ; on tbe street he is nn interrogation in a pug- gery, or a satirical, parenthetical comment en closed in feminine brackets. . . . Tho old kangaroo in knickerbockers, nnd the dowa ger emu on his arm, turn from us disdainfully when we have been ogled to their heart's con tent." 