The present more than usually un healthy condition of Brisbane has re cently forced itself on public notice, and called forth the comments of the Press and a strong expression of feeling generally on the subject. It 18 high time that this question should be seri ously ' considered, and that effectual means should be taken by the Legisla ture to remedy the frightful state of things which has been long suffered to exist among us. It is evident enough that the municipal authorities are not equal to tho task of bringing about that thorough sanitary reform which is alone necessary to remedy the evil. The task is, no doubt, a formidable ono. Presuming upon the healthfulness of the Australian climate, and the compa rative immunity from miasmatic dis eases which we enjoyed in the early days of our history, wo have suffered our centre* of population . in Queens land to grow into large towns, or a populous city like Brisbane, without the safeguards that ought to have been interposed by a good Building Act, and without any comprehensive system of main drainage, and subsidiary drainage, and with no effectual provision for the removal of ? re fuse from the houses, yards, and streets of the towns. There can be no : question that somebody or bodies, in dividual or corporate, have been highly culpable in this matter, and the result has been a frightful amount of un necessary mortality. Thousands of lives have been lost because we have been negligent of our duty. Again and again it has been shown that all our large towns in Queensland, and the capital city in particular, are unhealthy, more so even than many of the much larger towns in England, although our general average death rate in the colony is much less than in the United Kingdom. In one of the Queens land reports of the RegistrarGene ral it was shown that in Dublin, Hull, Nottingham, Leicester, AVol verhampton, Edinburgh, Norwich, Sunderland, and Bristol, the death rate was lower than in the registry district of Brisbane. Some years since the late-lamented Dr. Challinor intro duced a bill for the regulation of the construction of buildings, which would have prevented that minute Bubdiviaion of land which has reduced to a minimum the size of building allotments in our towns. This bill, most unhappily, was defeated, though by a small number of votes, aud the fatal evil of cutting town lands up into very small portions, and oi the overcrowding of habitations in Brisbane and other large places in the colony has been perpetuated and in creased. Attention has been called periodically during tho past eight or nine years to these things, and facts and figures have beon quoted from the reports published by Imperial authority, proving to a demonstration what great reforms havo been effected in England and AViiles by the application of tho principles of sanitary scieuce. The re turns made in 1S77 showed that tho death rate had been reduced by one-eighth or 12.V percent, during thoprevioiis twenty years, and that this had .been brought about almost entirely by the reduction of the death-rate in tno towns, and that this was attributable to a wise expenditure of money in drainage and other means of promoting cleanliness. In the seventeenth century the death rate of London was 80 per thousand ; in the eighteenth it was 50 ; now it is reduced to 22 per thousand, and that greatest of cities is said to be the most healthy of the great cities of tho whole world. This has been brought about by an immense expenditure of money in the establishment of a thorough system of drainage and the efficient carrying out of all the other well known means for securing cleanliness. An idea prevails that the climate of Queensland is unfavourable to health, and that the mortality is greater than in the other colonies of Australia. This is a fallacy. Exclusive o£ the Chinese and Polynesians the death-rute is lower in this colony than in the other colonies of Australia proper; In the last issue of the Victorian Tear Book the death-rates were given as follows : — 1S79 — Victoria, 14'53 ; New South Wales, 14- 29; South Australia, 14-09. 1S80— Victoria, 13-70; New South 'Wales, 15-57; South Australia, l'JL'85. 1SS1— Victoria, 14 16 ; New South Wales, 15-12 ; South Australia, 14-49. In Queensland, exclusive of the coloured races, as seen by our own reports, the death-rates were only 12-66 in 1SS0, and 1394 in 1881. iii 1879, the rate was 14-64 in Queensland ; a trifler higher than in the other three colonies; but tho average death-rate for the three years, it is seen, was considerably in favour of Queens land, exclusive of deaths among Poly nesians. Our general death-rate in Queensland would compare still more favourably with the other colonies named, but for our unusually high birth-rate. Where the proportion of children is great the general death-rate is necessarily raised, as in every country a large proportion of the deaths occur among children under five years of age, whoso deaths constitute from 40 to 50 per cent of the whole mortality. It is necessary to bear these facts in mind in forming any correct idea of the mortality in towns. But for the largo number of deaths occurring in our centres of population, Queensland would be one of the healthiest places in the world ; but, while the death-rate of the whole colony, exclusive of aliens, has been so low during the years named, the death-rate in the metropolitan (Brisbane) district, where there are no Polynesians worth con sidering, during the past four years has been as follows :— 1S79, 18-27; 1S80, 15-26 ; 1881, 1S-S2 ; 1882, 24-03. In the year 1875 ' the death rate in the municipality of Brisbane amounted to no less than 35-36 per thousand of the estimated population to the end of the year. The general death rate of the colony in that year was very, high, amounting to 23'8 per thousand, but the difference is very great, and in the same year the rate in all the other districts, exclusive only of Brisbane, was only 20'37. This subject will be further considered, showing the means which have been suggested from time to time for remedying the unhealthy condition of our large towns in Queens land. It is satisfactory to know that the colony generally is healthful even beyond that of Australia generally, and that the unhealthy condition of Brisbane and other towns in the colony may be remedied. It is a question only of money, and of the willingness, or courage and energy, or tue. u-overnment ana JVLumcipai authorities in carrying out the neces sary sanitary works for the complete drainage and effectual water supply of all the large towns in the colony. The work is very great, and no doubt beyond the power of municipal authorities alone, but thousands of lives may be saved by making this a national under taking, and if it cost a million of money it would be money well laid out, aud which should be borrowed and expended with the least possible delay. Webn thd estimates for ttio Lands Depuri ? ment - ere before the Committee of Supply a few weela ago, Mr. Aland, who it not much given to either ficelioueness or mischievoua ness, rather slyly asked the Ministor for Lauds whether a cer.uin oho/rpagne lunoheon, which was supposed to have been given to the officers in thn Lands Department by the then Minis tor, the Hon. F Perking bat of hi- own pocket, had been oharged to Consolidated Bevenuo, and if bo, how much it cost ? It was an arrow Bhot at a venture. It hit a good mark. The ocoasion of that luncheon was the opening of a now room. The festivity took place on a Saturday. Spooial instructions — imperative invitations, if our readers like that term better — were ieBued to all hands in the department. On no account was any officer to be absent. The Min ister was a-out to make a display of costly generosity on the table). He was also going to moko a cheap declaration of hin ardent love to every man and boy of overy gmde in every branch of the department, although, at ho a'.liniUed, after boing five yean at fie he id of the department, ho did not know many of them. Nevertheless, he esteemed them nil, just then, nuflluUntly to tr.at them all alike. His quinquennium of offloo was nppruaohing its expiration. Ko wished to have it renewed So auccejsful had been thi 'erra, »o'ple»«ant his intercourse with th« officers, especially the few whom he knew intimately, and who in their turn knew on which Bide their broad was buttered, that he contemplated with revulsion of soul tho possibility of a rupture of their oordial, official, trad mutually helpful relations Ho desired therefore to oarry out a happy thought. By the sagacity of an unpro codontly gonorous and far-seeing Govern ment the officials of the Lands Department had been provided with more elbow-room. Ho would pay thoie ofEoiali a palatable com plimont. He never had done bo before. Now, the timo was favourable. The little cloud of fate was rising in the fax west and spreading along the whole route of the proposed trantoon tinontal railway. Many a big Btorm has come Eromthe west. Thonoo havo proceeded the ungry forces of eleotrioity which have laid low many a giant of tho forest. The prido, tho statelinoBs, tho strength of the ironhark troe hive boon shivored and splintered into unseemly ruin. Who daro predict that the coming storm might not spend ft pirt of its fury on tho tempting heights of Aubiguy, or on the pastoral lands of tho Loichhardt, or tho rusjgod coast of Port Curtis? The prudent man, foreseeing danger, hides himself, or takes other precau tions for safety. Mr. Perkins took other pro oiiutions. He hid no intention of hiding hirasoif. Ho did' not hido himself until after the Committee of Elections and Qualifications had plucked tho peacock feathers out of his coekade. His plan was to purchase the safety of himself and party. Given a worthy object and a man with moans and gonorouB spirit, monoy will then (low frooly for tho accomplishment of the object. Mr. Per kinB believed — honestly, so much credit wo give him —that Sir Thomas, ho, and Mr. More hoad, were the best of all tho politicians of Queensland to control its affairs, and to guide its destinies. That was tho idea that he wished to mix with the forcemeat of ducks, geese, and turkeys, and to wash down with fizzing liquor. No*, Mr. Perkins has plenty of money in hand, and plenty coming in. He could afford to instil his wish by dainty flesh, by piquatt liquor, and by dulcet flattery. If he so chose, ho was free to do it, even for a political object in a publio building. But Mr. Aland took the gilt off the Hon. Patrick's gingerbread. He, himself, did not pay for tho turkey and cham pngno at all. The feed cost the country £41 or £12. 'lho electioneering was done at the cost of the taxpayers. We have sometimes been tempted to give a friendly hint or two to our very numerous cor respondents. We are pleased to have many correspondents. We wish the public who have * real grievances affecting publio interests to know that they have a sympathising friend in Tke Telegraph But wo do noi want to be made the confidant of prople with personal giiev ances. Onco a matter gets into our columns it has not the ghost of a chance of continuing to bo private. The thousands of our oailt readers will prevent that. It is therefore desirable that before a man cits down to write to us he should carefully consider what ho proposes to do and say. !7o should not act impulsively. Ho should not act selfishly. Ho should uot act con ceitedly. Space is very valuable. We have to con sider that We cannot spare space, for matters that are even comparatively paltry or personal. This will explain why some correspondents never see in print what they havo written and sent to us. Agdin : correspondents should study con ciseness. Put as much matter as passible into a few words We gave a good sample of this Bort of writing on Wednesday lost from a wel known doctor in town. Further : correspond ents should have mercy on our staff in such trifling matters as spelling, grammatical con struction, and punctuation. Las week a man asked us to correct his ' gram matical pronouneiation.' We are sometimes asked by writers who dash off th-ir enlighten ing comments on public matters to l: lick into shape ' their slovenly productions. Now, that is really their business, not ours j if indeed they are determined to see themselves in print. We do not object to a little trouble with well meaning men who try to say something sensible and useful, but who find orthographical and syntactical obstacles insurmountable to their poorly-educated minds. But not a few letters come to us, tho caligraphy of which is excellent, but the punctua ion execrable Id punctuation commonly taught in Bchoola P Of many writers, with a fine flowing hand, some are quite indifferent to the old in junction : ' Mind your stops.' Others ot them don't teem to know the differ ence between a comma and a semi colon ; they even put a dot with a tail where a full round period should be. Others again substitute a dash for a full stop. Exces sive emphasis by underlining is a common fault Newspaper casual correspondents ore very fond of doBhes. If they saw their letters exactly reproduced as they send them in, they would be profoundly astonished and annoyed. The whole genus seem to think that the compositors know by instinct how to punctuate. It is not the work of compositors to correot bod punctuation. Their duty is to 'set up' striolly according to ' copy.' To pause in their mechanioal -work for the purpose of correcting literary errors in copy would mean loss of wages, for they are all piece-work men. The correcting must be done before the copy goes into their hands, or it must be done after it has passed through their hands, and then bs gone over by them a second time. Perhaps some of our correspondents will take kindly these few hints. By no doing they will save us a lot of time. SODIH' BBI6B1NB LADIES' BENBVOLBNT Sooieit.— The report of the fifth annual gene ral meeting of this society is unavoidably held over until to-morrow. Tns Wat-b Suppiy — An advertisement appears in to-day's Telegraph calling attention of water oonsumers to the necessity of boing as moderate in their demands on the supply as pi s-iblo during the dry weath r, as the level of the reservoir is now within a fow inohes of the lowest p int ever reaohed ; and although there ia no immediate danger of a water famino, it is nevertheless necessary to economise. Dangebops Railway ChoiSikob. — A eho t timo buck attention was called to some dun gerouB crossings on the South Brisbane Railway, and some narrow escapes from collision between omnibuses and engines We are informed that the engine-driveru take every precaution to avoid accidents at theso crossings, but thoir diuioulty lies in the roc lesstioes of the drivers of vehicles The Commiteioner for Railways has received information that a few dnvs ago No. 35 nmnibus (Kliivor'n),' on hearing tho whittle of a locomotive, whipped up his horses and drove over the crossing in front of the xngine, only just in time to prevout a collision, nni this, to our own knowledge, is not the first time tbis reckless behaviour has been indulged in by omnibus drivers. We would suggest to omnibus drivers that however reckless they may be as to their own lives, they have con sideration for their helpless passengers. It may be worth the whiln of omnibu* proprietor!) to think of the risk their horns and vehicles rui ia the hands of foolhardy drivers. Bltjb EiBBOtf Mkbtino — The second meet ing of the third seiBion was held on Satu'day last at tlio I emperance Hall, and was a grat-d -uccces in every way, although tho hall was uot a-- full us UBiml The chairman, Mr. John A. Clark, intimated lo tho mooting that the com ini'tce lud rosnlvod to engage tho sorvicei of Mr. Arthur Oripwell as gen ral secretary, hiring do! or minor! to commence the work in all the tnburbs, and that arrangements wero being entered iuto with Messrs. Booth and (Jlovor. who are novr in Melbourne, with regard to their visit to Brisbane 'lho tinging and reoiiing woro rotter than usual; both Mr. Abraham*, and Mr. Phillipi uing with grott off ct and Bpirit. Tho Bor. Mr. Downing, of Melbourne, give a practical addrerfo, urging upou all the great power of pcr.-onal effort. A ohoir under tho leadership of Mr. Cripwoll is being started, and the committeo are proouring a good organ for their assistance. At the olose many came forward, signing the cards and donning the blue. The usual meeting will be held every Baturd*y at the Temperanoe Hall during the winter months. 