^ihdti §0rfrg; THE WIVES OF WEINSBERG. D the veraant Boabiaa valley lovely little Wains btrgHes. \- like a~6rown lark of the meadow ere *o greet' the mom ahe files. On the 'quaint and old -world Tillage Night hath pressed the kin of peace. As upon a sleeper's forehead, hiding wildest memories! From the ragged hill above it frowns the raSa'd castle down, Uke a ghost that from the past stHI seems to guard the sleeping town. Bnin'd towers and gloomy donjon ! many a wild deed nave je viewed Since the »''»' Emperor Probns reared yon In a solitude. Hinder, rapine, lost, and slaughter falling from some baleful ttar On the hearths and homes of Weimberg In the cruel Peasant War. Eage of noble, rage of henchman, rieing each in orgies dire. While their fierce ejes watcied the victim leaping at the torture fire But a sweeter, nobler memory lightens o'er the mouldering wall*, And.theBnropean wanderer to the sacred rnin calls Though seven centuries have faded ne'er the story. shall grow old Of thenoble wires olWeinsberg, who didl/jve prefer to gold. ^ Many a weary day the castle bad the siege of Conrad stood, 3311 the valiant Guelph, its leader, fell, and bathed the ground with blood. With no hope of succour nigh them, with a mutlal host before, : Soon the fortref s must be yielded, the unequal fight be o'er. Then the women cried, 'Cur foamanhathageneroui soul if stern; let us foi oni lives beseech him, it may be hta heart ?will turn.' Soon a crown of weeping mitrins through the gates bave ta'en their way, Noblest mingling with the lowliest. Grief alone hath tank today. In his tent sits Emperor Conrad, hears the sad peti tion rise — - - .'Spare o«, lord, aad spare our dear ones; tafca what eke your soldier* priEe.' Swift replies the haughty monarch, !'jdo not on women war; Free and safe from TFeinsberg Castle shall ye to the town repair. w But, by Heaven, the recreant traitors -who with stand my lawful right; They bave dared the wrath of Conrad, they shall feel it in its might! 'If tonight the castle's yielded, they can pass at break of mom Svery woman, with what treasure may be on her shoulders borne.' High that night the wine and wassail ruled through out the victor host ; Crept on leaden feet the hours to the hearts bad vaged and lost. Shines at last the fateful morning, lo! what sad procession comes Down the trill from 'Weinsbsrg Castle, 'mid no stirring beat of drums 2 live tot ever wic of woman ! Every wife the towers hold Marches, bearing on hsr shoulders stoutly her defender bold. At tbeb bead the Duchess TJta proudly carries wounded Guelph ; ? Here.' the cries. ** my dearest treasure, dearer far than life Itself ! 11 Broken faith !' cries fierce Duke Frederick. -? Let toe soldiers have thtir will !' 'Nay,-' outspeaks the noble Conrad, 'kingly word is sacred sUU. 'Xesre to bear thdr Nearest treasure! the wives of Weinsberg did I give ; Since their husbands are such treasures, bid the ransomed husbands live J' So it inns, the pleasant story that enshrines each shatter'd tower. ?? We bertrene'' is the castle called in memory of the hour. g £ UQVQBBiS, Melbourne. 'Woman's faithfulness. 