THF PEirBST'S GHOST. A Wild Stob? or Lova jhjd Death «ani- I THB GLACT3B8 01' THE HlCHIBB AlPB. (Froms tbe Argonaut.) f Concluded /font Jat,t Monday's Issue) Ssbx noddedj. ami they set out to-' cross the glacier. [They soon found themselves on a ridge of ice with tenable precipices on eitfier hand, crossed and recrossed Tvith crsrasses to be leaped. Sometimes they came to crysitol- clear ice-crusts; - underneath whicii, far below, tliey could see a blue river' Sowing slowly, to tall witb a tlmniejring voice into the bottomless abyss.-- Once they looled through a thin ice-roof into- a erystal temple whose -flboi was an axaprisite 'blue' lake. ' No -man living -jould find his- way here aivaight,' said 'WfcMemar, involun tarily. ' Butsa- gfcost,' said 3ery. 'Waldemar was silentr and they stoucls into a forest path tha* led to the steps-. These they climbed,; aad as Seraphine- was about* to enter thb little church at t3» top, 'Wai- demar caagiit her han(H ' Xou must make no rasfe vow, Pei ji,.r he said, Hastily. ' ?Wa2j1unrtiBltbat midi. night y'JAt is explained; om natuTal1 grounds.'' ' She shook terlitaad. ' Tea' are good,'-' he- continued,, ''barfr goodness sometimes- leads to sin. If? -wnemld be s- crime foiT; yo-n to give up^yooT right t-| be a happy wife for some- ghastly joke;, and I know you would Reap- your oath,! even if this- irin-nunery v/ere explained) later. Toui owe nothing- to- 'Shis dead.' priest. Uti1 you call it eaey to- give up the noblest?- emotion of youth, and the most precious- remembraE.ce of age — the sacred bond'- between fleaH. arw? spirit ? Poor deluded child, do not 3a.eriflce what you linow nothing eftV ' Let rc3-gp E' cried Seiyj'.liB/If crying. Though she. did not undei3tancs 01m, she was agitated1. 'Kaally iti is- easy for me to ma!se.the vow. I Save so sweet heart, and!*3) don't want one. Alois is so gloomy and: masterful thiat) it makes me tremble to. think of living a whole lifetime v/ith. him. It is- easy, I say,' and she struggled with aUHher might to enter the- church. Suddenly she felt two powerful arms around l»er, and burning Msses- on her lipsj and Walde mar's voice- in her ear: ''Ubur vow is worthless* Ybo shall not be lost to love.' Paralysed) with terror, J3ery suffered 'Waldenar's embrace. TJhere came a marrow^reezsDg laugh that set the echoes flying, and released her. The grewsoaie sound came back from the arches ai? the- church lika-the answer of a huncSrei derfls ; and a..bbood dwarfish figure clamJwred over the cliff. Sery flew to-the- Mission crosEwmd flung her arms .iroiLn*! it. 'Tbafc is a flesh-and-biood monster, Sery,''ori)ed TValdemar, aware that this was ?Site- Laughing Imp*. 'Spirits are not rivkmribaeked. ' Bat the Black Baiave has fine clotlkss-and a friendly,- face: when he waiits to betray an innocent child of maa-,'; moaned Sery, clinging closer to the- oros3. Then she began to recite an Atb- Maria, and Walftemsyr could not doubt that the Black Knave was the lcrdi of the powers of darkness, and that Seny took him for no.l«ss a person. '?Seraphino,' he said softly, without sfering, ' perhaps in,my anxiety to save jy&u; from a rash vow I. treated you as I. should not. I will caake it good as far as I can. You shaM be my betrothed' bride, and 1. will honour you above all other women. Wfffl you forgive me if Seraphine. took it for the effect of her prayer- that lie did not try_ to. ap proach her, and with hitter certainty of victory she answered, watching every movement of the Evil One : ' Ton have, robbed tho poor leather of Balvation, but you shall not win Sery for hell-fire. Holy Mother of GoA pro tect me! '' , - ? .-.; . ? ' Do you hate me so ? ' ' A s I love- tho angels in heaven. ' Then I will not torment you.. I will not follow you, hut shall wait for Alois here. Perhaps you will thank, me, when vou are quieter, that I have Baved you' from a crime. Go, and be happy.' He turned his back on her, and went into tho forest. She rose- slowly aud mis trustfully, went to the. holy- water vessel, and sprinkled herself, then hurried toward the Fairy Alp. 'Waldemar came back to the ntepa and threw himself down to thinks but he had not been there- long before Alois appeared with hia gun. He stood astonished at Booing his master, whom he expected to meet later on the Alp. ' Seraphino brought me here over the glacier,' said Waldemar, in answer to his questioning look. ' She went buck alone, beoaueo tho Laughing Imp frightened hor.' 'Is he up there?1 said Aloin, tho huntor's inntinet roused. 'I have often climbed thev« to get edelweiss and put it on the alttir whim Sery came to pray. She thinks the angels bring it.' ? Aron't you afraid of imps ?' ' Bah ! GhoHtB don't eat mutton,1 said Alois, grimly, ' Fivo sheop havo gone from the Sana Alp, and if 70 'j,- ve an hour to spare I can earn fifty fraTiv'8 tllat tliey. 'ftve 0:fEere(i f°r *^e thief ..-lell(l or i'iTe-' ' a's'v- 'u please. I am in no haste,' said Walik -miir' growinS uncomfortable in his guidov'M51'05,011!0-0' f/'01' a l0fg climb, Alois U -und .hV.U8elf |' a f cl7 region without .^gotation, where bowl ders heaped tffi .oue, an°tl'or ,pm'do caverns that he ey^. distrustfully. Under one of these hv' -saw \oneB and the half-eatou head ot .'??.f^ and then came a laugh! tlifrt ^e tho blood in his veins, used as . Wita to mountain terrors. The Laugh ing Imp was leaping towards him over' the rocks. He was scarcely four feet high, and broad out. of all proportion ; mid the heafy head, the hanging goitre, the bleared eyes, and ape-like length of hands and feet, left no doubt that the strange being was tt cretin. ' Alois ! Alois !' he shouted with his thick tongue. ' Worni, the idiot,' murmured Alois, tanTiing ashy pale, and staring aB if he saw -* ghost, while his teeth chattered. 'Witt u.'liastly distinctness the moment stood oeilpro his soul that made him the cowardly irueiter of murder. A gain he sow tho priest's thick-set figure coming down the narrow mountain path, again he repeated to the idiot — whose vanity and vindictivenens every one knew— those idle words of Father Jules that causedlthe cretin to throwthe unsuspect ingpriejtf rom tT-e overhanging rockinto the foaming water. Alois stood for a momejit, motionless and despair |ing, before the idist tool of his dark jdeed, then raised his- gnn and took 'deliberate aim. Weuni sprang behind a- rock, and raised snch a hailstorm of stones that ^ois fled for his life, never pausing until he reached the treeB. Then he toofe breath, and gloomily descended to the chapel. ' So your hurt was tmBUcessBf ulT' said Waldemar. ' Hi was. If you have prayed enough shall we go back to the Alp ?? ' said I'urrey, with forced humour. ' Norr said Waldemar, uneasily. ' I want -to push on to Ryssel as fast as possible. We reach the Adier Pass sooner from here.' 'But your knapnack ? ' said Alois, with lowering brow. ' You can go back to the J?airy Alp, and bring it to me at your own conve nience, later. I wilJ make it worth your while.' ' Shall 1 fetch it now ? I shall meet you on the- upper glacier.' ' I will not have it,' answered Waldet mar, disturbed- by the boy's pertinacity. If you p?efer arranging your own iprirate affairs to following1 your pxo i'eajion, I will dispense with your ser^ vicss and go- alone by Saas-anrl Stalden. ; It 5s longer,, but I shall have no alter '.catians with guides.' ' *?]! beg pardon, herr,' saiel Alois, with 'hiseyesoutheground; 'I only wanted to 'oblige. We will startfortheAdlerPass.'' \ ' And that gun,' said Waldemar,'- jpoinliimg to the ^flrat-lock still over; jFiirrar's shoulder. . ? ' I ean leave it Kere in the church,' !3aid' Alois, embarrassed. ' Waldemar ffelt etisier wh-en , he emerged without his-, givn, shouldered his wallet of pro 74sioce,. aud started, up the ateep path with- apparent unconcern. By night AValdemar was so exhausted ihat he- would have eared little if Alois isainsjwie this-aleep his last; batFurrer tsaredi for him^ lik* a brother. The strongjinioi Dotn witnstooa.tiioicutnng air,, and, the next, morning 'they started zb of gpod- pace; Bat, Alois haa become jaonoB-y.Habie and glpomy. It strut *k; 'Waldemar as- peculiar- that Alois; wlio led* neglected- no precautions underlets dangerous ciincumatances, should this ilay,. when a shp.on the glacier meal it shattered liaabs,. (Jeclare- that cuttin g steps was a waste of time. But lie Tiiouldi not appear more- timid than his , guide-. Suddenly the towering rock s, the- snow-hidden Monte Rosa group, tl \e glacier below, the very iee-field he stood on,, seemed to make a .threatening circle, while an icy hand dragged him l-y the 'feet into the abyss below. He had. presence of mind enough to know that he was attacked by vertigo, and was in a critical state, when he felt a pull on the rope and heard a couple of ringing blows with the ice-hatchet. Looking up, he saw that Alois had buried him self up to the knees with two strokes of tbe axe, and now stood ready to drop it on the rope that bound them. ! ' What's the matter ?' called Walde mar, seeiug everything black, and giving way at the knees. ' What do you mean by calling Sery in your sleep, and talking of kisBes ?' shouted Alois. ? - - AH the power of his youth came back to Walde.mar's limbs with one electric throb. He swung himself up' by the rope and; flung both arms around! the guide. The, two men looked in. each other's ..eyesj, and: their, smoking breaths mingled... , ' ' I will answer;y^u''her^,' said 'Walde mar, forcing his teet into the opening where:'Al6is; stood firm. 'Sery believed thai the ghost of Father Jules appeared to her and. told her that he could! only be redeemed r'-by 'a. vow of, perpetual maidenh6'oda/-t5ken- by a - young girl whose lipihiid uey- er.ibqen touched by a man. Assail my arguments. were use less,' I took the only . means- in my power -to save, tho 'girl froml being tho victim of a coarse, deception;, and kissed her. She ' 'believes., me the devil in carnate.. .You. ?'can understand that I htidno wish to go back to the Alp and ? be received with aves and- holy water. Now, if you'still-'fooliu'elinod to throw me over the precipice', why, I shall have company.' ' The dead priest !' stammered Alois, ; all tho scepticism that ho had learned of tourists gono. ' I did- see a black- robed1 figuro leave hor hut at midnight and cross tho. glacier. ..For a ghoisi, I must say his revrironce was a remarkable climber, and avoided the cv»va»8i-B very carefully — but if we don't want our feet f roaen to all eternity, -vo had bettor go on. You go first and ^ive mo the hatchet. I only hope the crime you plotted against mo is youi; first.1 ' Sovy hau robbed iho' of my reason,' sobbed the guide. ' If I had not resppotod you for that I should not havo explained, but oimply tried which of us wus stronger, Now give me the axe imd go first.' Alois obeyed, and when they stood on a ledge leading by a gentle slope to the glacier, Waldemar untied the cord that bound him to tho guide, took out his purse and laid it on a stone. ' Tho way to Byusel is direct and easy from here,' he said, ' and I have no more need of you.' And, ?without waiting fov an answer, he hurried along tho descent. Some hours later ho found himself in a stony wilderness, where ho rested to think over his adventuros. Ho had set foot on the fairy Alp at last, and made the cherished dream of his vouth a reality; but he would almost have ex ?- ie;ed this deathly oinptiness of fleflft ?«.„ +|ie memory of Soraphine was not -. -^ sad) for he ^ could that made W fe himseif that she not but congrfttttk-. , ldsa he we had not altered - »' JJfeiiffie. Then her to bincf hira for a \ f -Rrigitta he turned to ita 1?*™j^ JfifiS but even her blaming in^fhat wa8 ner remove his depr^en, dead man.s life but ttjrWne for » .{t]x a sigh memory ? He glanced' up- t,. t^e jm. then fancied he saw figu-rss5 &ix; gave a laBsame tocks aoove mm.- i-w y 1 was loud call, and the answering souwu. jg^ no echo, but a human voice.- XnfeVea. ? ^ excitement for the life of tlie' b'wk climbers, Waldemar raised his field!-' glass, and saw three persons preparing: to scramble down the steep rocks,- of whom two were guidea. He momentarily expected to Bee them dashed to piece3 ; but at last they left the danger behind1, and advaneed swiftly, and then Walde mar's excitement was not diminished by recognising that the middle figure was Brigitta. As- they met, she gave a little cry of joy. ' Brigitta !r cried Waldemar, giving her his hand — ''I mean my dear1 madam — you have made me very anxiiras for your safety.' ' You richly deserve it,' Bhe replied, with a happy smile- that he had never yet seen. 'My brothers told me you' were coming over the Adler Pisss, which, they say, is dangerous.' ' Is he the right one; or are we to so up the Horn to-morrow for the third .time?' inquired the guides. Brigitta flushed purple and snatched away her ihand. ' i ' Have you been up- there before ?' asked Waldemar. . ' Yesterday— -the view ? * began ^Brigitta, then collected' herself. ' I ?will acknowledge, Herr-' ]?altenberg, ithat I took the climb because I was '.afraid that my brother's rescuer might .be- betrayed by his dariag; into some new danger.' 'You overrate an action without wiach I should have lost my own life,' he answered, as they took their way over the hills that separated 'them from Eyssel. Then observing hefnarrowly, he added: 'Pardon me if T give you pain; but what would your husband .have done in the same case ?.' ' Something unreasonable and selfish, ,jgaid Brigitta, bitterly. ' You may ithinfc me unfeminine, but I have- always despised false feeling. Let me tell you something of him. He was Michael's jiero, and I was very young when- I was .'married. He was an enthusiast on the ^subject of danger, and dragged me-with ?fhim over the highest mountains, and [the worst passes, without regard! for liny se-x or health. He was a tyrant, ?iboo, and as he absolutely ignored my bimpleat wishes when they happened to cross his fancv. mv affection for him died completely. I remember our lasj; journey .with frightful distinctness-. He forced i me: into-:, a carriage though I begged- :fbr reely'. as I was sick with fatigue.. He- said it was nothing.- but eowardice.- We* -came to a bridge a thousand feet1 above a thundaring mountain .stream^ and Monten sprang from the. carriage and looked overr tbe 'railing. Then he-stepped on a round rockithat .oyerhun-g-;the water as if it would fall every instant, aud, with- the sole deaire of tormenting me, calledi to me to come and; get the finest view of the- fall. The vet'twrino shook his head. Monten turned as if to drag me out of ^he- carriage, when his foot slipped,,and he was gone. A few days later his body waa found horribly mangled at the-Soot ©f the precipice-.. Don't judge me- too Irarshly. ' ' '...'. Waldemar was silent, struggling against a desire to blame the dead man in words. Meantime they reached SyB8ell, Whose- the tourists welcomed Mm with three ringing cheers. He lingered day after day near iBrigitta, sometimes taciturn and moody, unen again proving nimseit tne pieasant est companion a young widow could wish eight thousand feet above the- sea level. One morning they set oat- to- gether in pursuit of a view, and as Waldemar seemed .inclined to ds-op into his gloomy mood, again Btigitta' determined- to prevent it by reminding him of hia promise to tell her abouit the Fairy Alp. In a quiet monotonous voice, like- a confession, he told Her his adventures, but when he came--t© the chapel seene, his voice shook and he spoke with difficulty. Brigitta had: changed colour several times,, but, as he ended1, she said, firmly : .' You, acted ^bravely in preventing hor, from sacrificing herself to hersupersti tion.' ? 'Tchoar that from you isany worst punishment,' he answered', -with bitter self- contompt. ' When I held Sery in. my arms 1 felt something Very like love. Tbe next instant it was gone, and the often I made to repair my insult before, the altar was simply made from a con ScioUBlieBH of gUllt.' -ic-.i; ,;j Jf'j ' JSvery man is weak, but every maa does not enter into judgment witn:him self bo sternly,' said Brigitta, with a sad ; smile. ' For that matter; to whom, be sides Soraphine, aro you accountable-?1 ? 'You are right — to no one,' he-'an- swered; and they walked ou-in silence.;' ' Tell mo ono thing, Brigitta,' he im plored at ljist, ' if you havo.iiny, charity ?Pnt* n Iiiiiiwr nrl\/i ivoa TlflMUIiiliv TfinHnil able until ho met you. Would you have climbed' that pass to look for mo if I hud not saved your brothers, and if you had known how I went aBtray on ?the;Pairy Alp»* : 'I — think so,' . hesitjited Brigitta. ' Men like you have lieiiling in them Belves for uuch going astray.' Waldomar Blippod on one knee be? fore hor. ' Brigitta, will you be solo, mistreat! of a heart that will Jiewr go ntitray from you?' She gave him her hand with a littl* smile, though her eyes were full of' tears as she looked down at him, and said : 'I will!1 ? ?* * * * ? # - ?-# t:?'/ And no ono thought of Alois, who ' the next morning found himself again in. tho path leading to the chapel of Our Lady of the steps. Neither the stairs worn by the knees of countless penitents, nor the ruined shrines whose' saints lay on the ground in a heap,' awakened his pity. He was at war with everything holy since the dead, came back from their graves to turn ; Sery's heart fom him. Suddenly he1 started back, for iu the last shrine he saw a hateful figure with straw-coloured . hair and hanging goitre, rocking one of. ? the imageB in its arms like a baby. Whon Worni saw the guide, he gave his frightful laugh and threw the wooden . image on the others. ' Werni is a good boy,' he whispered, coming nearer Alois. ' The man in: black was bad ? ' He stopped, staring in the direction of the Fairy Alp. ' The man in black is there,' he screamed in wild fright, and rushed into the forest. Alois ground his tooth. ' Whether he is alive or dead, there , is room for only one lover on that Alp,' he muttered, and hurrying into the ^urch for his eun. he started for the *£ ''y Alp. i ^1 'iphine had passed a day of fright i Sei. irseandasleepleBBnight. With :tulJ resu t of wjna ehe fancied. that the every flisk darkness was coming to drag ?rmce e* 1. v. It was owing to him ; his bride delwv. -me like cannon-shots, that crashes' su \ in the glacier, new ^Hue-cracliffopenev -ough the ice and : waterfalls- broke ifhi. surrounded -SHe Alp.- -(foe glacier are 'The poor aouls in.' v is there,' said roused because1 the fiendi « \ bout noon Sery, and began' to' pray;- *.- ?- with a she slept,- worn oat,- but' woK - neP. shriek, for a hand1 was- touching the In the full glare oS' the sx.m stood ? . deadprieBt as he bad looifed iD.li.-e» black frock, broad-baimmed': lat— ^'^ . the heavy mountain shoes weiw l&ci; 'e- ; Sery fell o» her knees: - ' God be merciful to mrpoor 30U!'.?' _' Stand up, .Sery,' asid' the priest^- -. mildly. ' I am alive, lik-a- yourseaj-but*', ever since I escaped from' L'akeMatt^ mark I have Been hiding, because Bfeltf1 ifchat I was an unworthy servants of the Lord. 2 had guided strangers-1 for money, so tBn/fc I could say to yotf, ? ''Sery, come and be my wife in1 a1 foreign land.' When the idiot threw ' me into a lake the- Lord saved me1 by a '? , nMracle, and I meant toc do- penance' my whole life long:,-, but my longing to ? - see -you was too strong. I Live been- near- you for a week, and I saw strangers here. Mad with jealousy, I '? t' [. exacted that vow from you- as &?-, departed soul. High? up on the glacier1' ? a laS-e has broken through,' and1 the* ; whole- weight of water is pressing-.' ? against this ice-wall above us, that in a ' few hours will fall on the Alp. I took' ' it as a sign from the Lord that I was to ' -. save you, and have you for my wifei-- ? . He gives me back my vows.' ' 'Lead us not into temptation/'- .'* prayed Sery, as the priest tried to raise '???, her. ' . ? , ;' /. . ' ., Between two blackened chalets -ap- ? : /' peared a; man, ghastly pale, aiming a gun. Hie saw how Seryymade the sign ? of the cross ; he saw the- priest seize ' ? her in his. arms. A shot; wakened. I all: I the echoes, and a few splinters -of -lios;'4. loosenedsby the shock, fell- and- shivered f on the edge of the island. Then 'the1 ? ice-wall above began to totter, and'. ' crack, then the thunder of the Day of ;' .... Judgment shook the -whole Saas Valley, . , .--,' and the 31a&y; Alp was buried for e?er from the-light of day. In one moment ? ;. of wrath,1- sublime and tarr-ible, nature ' ' had destroyed the charming idyl to which she- had served as oontrast for so- ..- long. * *???,? # # ? , . * ij Brigit- toi has been'-Waiaemar's wife for jearsi. They seldom., speak of the Eairy Alp;-, but when they do, it ia , always witie deep reverarice. Walde-1'''! ma^'s youthful ideal had? brought them ' together.-. Striving af tenth© ideal does not alwEsja-bxing happiness, but some imes they.' lie npt very fao apart. 