SPIRITUALISI EXPOSED. (From the Morning Post.) TaEs Society for the Prosecution of Psychical Research might do worse in its investiga tions into occult -phenomena than invoke the patronage of the Archduke Rudolph of Austria for its quest after the mysterious and supernatural. Though the heir of the Austro-Hungarian Crowns still suffers from Pitt's "crime" of being a young man, the enterprising and prosperous fraternity of mediums and spirit-rappers must be in clined to exclaim, in the words of one of Sir Walter Scott's characters, that " there is the craft of years beneath his curled love locks." The Crown Prince has dealt a blow to spiritualism and its votaries which will long be remembered in Vienna, and outside Vienna, and which is all the more sensible, and afflioting to the professors of the mystic science, inasmuch as the position of the illustrious personage who unmasked them secures the greatest possible notoriety for their discomfiture. A thousand local ex posures of the artifices of mediums and spiritualist necromancers would have had less piblicity than this detection wrought by the keenness and common- sense of the heir of a throne. Nor can it be said thlat it was an obscure or unskilful practitioner who was foiled by the Austrian Crown Prince. MIr. Bastian deserves the reputa tion of being one of the most successful of the American mediums who from time to time alight upon the coasts of old Europe in order to introduce the " notions" of New World wizards to the credulity of fashion able persons in search of sensation and secularist men of science who having re pudiated religion naturally crave for super stition. For a considerable period of time at regular intervals the American spiritua list had visited Vienna. and so surprising were his manifestations, so complete his familiarity with the unseen world, so easy the terms of acquaintance on which he stood with the departed of all conditions of life and of all ages of history, that not a few believed in his miracles, and a still larger number paid for admission to his ox traordinary performances. A member of the local aristocracy, Baron Hellenbaoh, became an entire convert to the representa tions of the Transatlantic worker of wonders, and was the means of founding a sort of spiritualist congregation in the good city of Vienna. A certain dim religious obscurity was always necessary to the pro duction of the manifestations. This is a usual concomitant of the proceeding. The spirits appear to be uniformly weak-sighted, and refuse to make themselves visible in a distressing glare. In other respects the ceremony was imposing. Stretched in a mesmeric trance in another room the medium lay unmoved and unmoveable. MIeantime there appeared in the midst of the ring of spectators in the next chamber a ghostly form wearing gossomer robes and walkling on silent feet. Emboldened by success, or unable to avoid the ordeal of the highest audiences, Mr. Bastian had the honour of holding a sdance before the Archduke Rudolph. His Royal and Imperial Highness took the pre caution to make certain inquiries. He learned that the door between the entranced medium and the room in which the manifes tations occurred was always removed and a heavy curtain substituted. Other people seem to have at once admitted that the spirit world may quite innocently have its preference in the matter of hangings and furniture as well as in the matter of lowered lamps and darkened windows. The Arch duke was less unsuspicious. The Archduke John of Tuscany became the ready accom plice of the Prince. It was arranged that tie mystic meeting should take place in his palace. Two rooms communicating by the usual doorway were shown to Mr. Bastian, and accepted as just the thing for the ghostly phenomena. The day came for the performance of the wonder. All Vienna was in commotion. The spirit world may be assumed to have been similarly agitated. Though not unaccustomed to royal and im perial personages in the shades it is to be supposed that it is not every day that even ghosts of high antiquity and unblemished descent can pique themselves upon the privilege of being prcsenfted in courtly circles upon dirth. And what an opportunity wams noe .preoshlted to the legitimate ambition of teo boldeet irwpa&:lndists from the spirit lIind. The conversion of the heir of the Hapcbihrg might well entrain the conversion of his august parents and his numerous and illustrious connexions. Austria-Hungary is above all things a loyal region. Who could doubt-not certainly a far-seeing spirit that the contagion of so eminent an example would spread through Viennese society ? From the Hofburg the current conversion would circulate in the Ringstrasse. Pesth would not be backward in emulating the imperial zeal of the Austrian capital. The magnates whose ancestors had rushed to glory or the grave for their monarch lMaria Theresa might be expected to adopt table turning and mystic rapping in a kihdred mood of dutiful fervour.- The fashion of lowered lamps would spread from the Iron Gates to the borders of Saxony. Floating fiddles and armless hands would wander among the teacups and above the lager beer, along the stream of the Danube and in the saloons of the Prater. And all this was to be accomplished by a simple son of the free republic beyond the Atlantic, by one of nature's untutored children, who had per haps heard the dread secret whispered to him by the medicine man of some vanishing tribe of Mohicans or Susquahobas in lands never polluted by the effete courtiers and crumbling thrones of a played-out Old Continent. When Mr. Bastian, the Yankee child of mystery, settled himself down to his mes meric sleep, there was a distinguished com pany assembled in the outer room. Along with the Crown Prince there were the Archduke John of Tuscany, the Archduke Regnier, Prince Batthyani, General MIens seoughen, of course Baron Hallonbach, who hadl come to see the triumph of his prophet, and a select circle besides. It is possible most of the spectators were spellbound by ti?he solemnity of the scene, by the muffled lights, by the silent room, by the doorway with its heavy drapery, and above all by the consciousness of the great magician sunk in mystic slumber in the room beyond. It is possible also that some gentlemen to whom the Archduke had communicated the secret of certain precautions watched with redoubled vigilance in order to prevent the remotest chance of deception being success ful, supposing that, after all, the American child of nature was capable of deceit. During the hours which had elapsed since the prophet undertook to produce his manifestations in the Archduke John's palace, certain changes had been effected which, without being evident on the surface, had cruelly altered thie real character of the intervening doorway for the unsuspecting visitors from another lifo. Tie door had been removed, as Mr. Bastian required. The heavy curtain hung down in its place, as Mr. Bastian required. But in addition a sliding screen of sufficient substantiality had been arranged to fall on the touch of a spring and completely close the doorway to all mortal ingress or egress. Of course, an impalpablo spirit could not be stopped by such a material contrivance, and, besides, the slipping panel was not to work until the spirit had fairly begun business. Ex pectation was on tiptoe. The magician was slumbering profoundly. The guests strained their eyes through the gloom. There of a certainty was the spirit. Clothed in waving robes, moving on noiseless foot falls, the mysterious shape passed before the witnesses. Archduke Rudolph's hand touched the spring. Something creaked. The spirit made for the floating curtain in the doorway, but stumbled against a solid obstacle. The gifted Mr. Bastian had come in from his mesmeric slumbers, and, attired in a volumninous robe over his evening suit and shoeless feet, stood re vealed to the laughing circle. The Ameri can child of nature has failed to overcome the Old World prejudices of the Austrian Empire. 