JUSTICIA. In Monday's issue of the Cliff-street daily the writer of a paragraph therein evidently is in distress, ultra vires ; he is blowing a fog horn and has his ensign hoisted upside down. I will formulate a meaning of my own for his delectation. I will translate ultra vires into bad eddy, old whirlpool, old UH-UJJCJ-, uu«r iojjj - rooiery. 1 here s a selection for a school-boy to con over, and apply to the making up of the Fremantle Rate Book for 1884. The most mysterious part of the Itusiuess is this — the proprietor and nee Editor of The Herald, with its little chick, the Morning Herald, has all through the pieee drenched the community tcith drastic doses of the ' big' rofonu— UespouaibU] Government — »nd yet slurs on, aud with strenuous aud cavort nrtir-lAe sits upon 'little' reform, like an irritated dragon upon a bantling. Either his advo «tey of reform in the State has all along, as Toole the Comedian, would say, been a ' diddle and a do,' or else some private pique moves the presiding genius of that paper, to oppose little reform ; and, unfor tunately for him, shatters to splinters the principle of the theory he would fain make ns believe he haB cherished from the days of Hampton downward — the sunshiny davs when be basked m public esteem and stood forward as the one, eagerly craving to put wrong ngnt. I must acknowledge his policy nonplusses me. The skeleton army of ne'er do wells that he is now serving are in a miserable minority, and, ultra vires, can never have a ghost of a chance of carrying on in the course they are pursuing. They are perishing gloomily ; for all that (using Hood's words) I would not like to see them spumed by contumely, but would advise then? to §h/+ke off tb.eir dangerous chaperon, call in their false and illegal rating- papers, and do away with their false and illegal rate-book ; compile a fresh one with their constituents' authority and advice, and l«t. those who want to stand upon ' dignity' business blow their horns as long as they like, and get adrift in the tog they cherish so heartily. So satisfied are the -'orpurate body themselves— aye, and th- r !;iwyeis with them ! — that they are in tue wrong, utterly wrong (ultra vires), that they walk by you with a weird and unsatisfied look. I can imagine the folks in Jara, before the bust-up earthquake, shakiug hands with them there bearing ^ similar appearance — a consciousness of having be(-n naughty, and about meeting with its reward ' '? One matter ia tolerably (dear — the ratu book itself dare not be altered. Query, can it not be done away with altogether? One thing is certain — it is throughout illegal and false, and so are the rating papers of demand ; every one of them ! No tenant or occupier need pay one farth ing of the rates unless this is altered. Many there are who will not pay, and make good their position *t law by and bye to boot Without wishing to stir up * -.' Municipal rebellion,' a* the Morning Herald has it, I speak facts, and those facts are now pretty well known to every member of tho Corpo ration, from the Mayor to the crossing sweeper. Then, in the uaine of all that is right, why persist in cramming on a coni Biuuity gross charges instead of nett ? This ig illegal. And why falsify the rate book, and all the rating papers as printed therein in legible type nett annual value when }t ought to be truthfully printed' in saiue style of type ' gross'— Ultra vires. iqa poor sympathetic paragraph-writer does pray eapne/jtjy (?) in his Monday morning * blanket, that the Mayor and Councillors will not be jndifeed by' a e little bit of bounce' to face their constituents again by calling another meeting. Oh! ultra vires, how warm the protecting wing of the Heraldic bird muet cover those naughty boys the Corporate ones! Under the wing, the plumed atom of ornithology says, ' Barry, my chick, and t'other little chicks, don't go among those nasty re formers again, they'll cobble vou ui. .? hid-» under my protecting wing and put in a distraint on their household goods — never mind if you lose, never mind if the rate papers and rate book are illegal and false ; put the bailiffs in, you can't lose anything — not a penny ; — it will all come out of their money — tho rates collected,' Once upon a time there was a paradise — a lovely garden it was — Adam and Ev«» tenanted on sufferance, There came, how ever, on the some, a third creature, 4c, &c.; The ratepayer*, and, pei-hap?, the Council also, may catch the moral. Ultra vires .' The ratepayers have met on more than one occasion — crowded meetings, orderly ratepayers— who passed a resolution em. powenng a few of their body to wait upon the men whom they had elected as Mayor and Councillors, for the purpose of respect fully pointing out certain faults (which have since been unblushingly admitted) am? temperately to suggest a remedy. What could be more honorable, fair, or deferential? What has the Reform party got in return for their forbearance their good intentions to aid and help the men they had elected t. civic honors? Vituperation was hurled at their heads, and the dignified grandees turned their con st ituente 'right ahout fa-aj- home again with 'fleas in their ears.' h ^ u..v- t^-uj part or tms paper I allude to the most '^mysterious' part of the business m our ornithological friend adv»ca.tia» so persistently the ' big reform.' Few of' the outside world would scarcely credit, that th. same gentleman positively suggested, and dictated at a preliminary meeting, the very resolution that was adopted to wait upon FVL^?' aod bis c«««icU to effect the ' little reform.' Unquestionably the Mayor and Council j TIL , ttoc meennS That deputation, and they know it ; the ratepaying couium mty know it too. And the general public of the Colony must feel convinced there was something wrong behind the Corporate scenes, and that in the Assembly of those Councillors there was not much wisdom ! A Well- Wisher to the Reform „ COUKITTBE. Fremantle, February 29. 