.OUR 'MELBOURNE SPORTING LETTER. "Tops is out and marbles is in" was the old ungrammatical saying, " when we were boys togother." And now we arc no longer in. lnca.draped petticoats, still we follow out the ideas of our youth, and exemplify the old saw; "that the boy is father to the man" in that we now ex press ourselves by noting that "the leash is out and thle tinin-n."-'Po drop- metinphor, however, this preamble means that cours ing is a" thing of the past" so far as this blessed yoar of our Lord 1884 is concerned, and that we are now once muore seriously interested in that great, British t astimo which in so much beloved by the represen tatives of tho "right little, tight little island"'in this biggcr island of ours which geographers distinguish by the title of thu "fifth Continent." As I: presume my renders know, the absolute lolitimnte racing season always ommehoces with 'the usually pleasant meet ing on the banks of the IIawkesbury ltiver, where 'the principal event is thie Uawkes bury Grand Handicap of 1I miles. For this event the erst champinion of New Zea land was credited with the top weight aftIr the withdrawal of his countrymnan,Martini Henri; and notwithstanding that the handsomest horse south of the line was called upon to carry the heavy iml'ost of 9st., the dollars were put do'wn very freely on this great ecian of the Lible family. But there was i tnilnll cacoleratcha buzziig about in the air, and the pon was put through hisanie to the intense di~gest of everyonoe, for the horse was backed to win no less a sumn than .£30,000 ; and notwitlh standing that he was knocked about like a shuttlecock in the market. there were still nibblers after the golden bUit. Now, how did this all come about? As it has not yet appeared in print, I will he ithe first to enlighten the gentle, confiding public. Know, then, that we have nmiong4t our ringmasters two certain book<, who hate one another, like a cotanin gentleman -well, you know the rest ; and eacl of these s.ld bookies is on owner of race horses. Now, No. 1 laid no less a snum than £10,000 to the booky No. 2 that No. 2's hirse would not win the Ilawkesbury Grand. Of course, this at once tent the horse up in the market, and the noble No. 1 -who, by the bye, is one of the most pro gressive men in the ring-could not get round. So what does lie do but backs Sir Modred to win himt nltogether about £15,000 lit 15 to I. Buit then Sir EInFdruod' owner becaiime sore that her conld not get anything like such a price against his own property; so, a stroke of the petn, and it was done-No. 1 hlld lost a cool thou. for certain, without standing anything iaginet the £10 000 which the lines in his book allowed hte Etill stood to lone. Hlowover, lie was in hick's way, for his dreaded wager fell to the ground, the winner tutning up in the despiCsed outsider, Tiast ingse. And then came a further series of penon lduslhes, litlut and Off Color for the Metrap , and that greatest of all surprises, the victory of Sir MIodredt in the race, he not being thought to have the ghost of a show after his detelnt in the Spring Stakes by Malua and Ofl Color. And then again he won in a canter front these two in the Craven Plate of 1+ mile. 