TOWN TALK News of the latest movements of the Mahdi and his followers, and the position of affairs in the Soudan, is contained in our cable messages this morning ; also that the Govern* ment are taking active steps to assist, as far as possible, the garrisons quartered in that territory. The R.M.S. Assam arrived at Albany " yesterday afternoon, from London. Several items of interest will be found on the fourth page. It was agreed, at the meeting of the Town council last evening, to officially transmit a petition from the residents of Geelong to the hon. Graham Berry, requesting him to use his influence in the cabinet, to obtain the construction of a branch line of railway in the Otway forest from the Monnt Moriao railway station. The qnestion of a reduction in the price of water supplied by meter was brought under the attention of the members of the Town council at their meeting laBt evening, by a letter from the Sonth Barwon shire council. The impression appeared to be general that a redaction to consumers by meter and other should be advocated, but it was de rided to bave a conference by the varions councils on the subject, and delegates were .ppointed to represent the town. A meeting of the Geelong and Western District Woolclassers Association was held •t the secretary's office, Exhibition Hall, on Saturday evening; Mr W. B. Day, vice president, in the chair. Several accounts were passed for payment and three new members elected. A quantity ot correspon denc® was dealt with, and the secretary mid Kreral members reported that the formation 0{ the association was viewed with much satisfaction by the wool brokers and flock owners who had spoken to them on the sub ject, After a vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting closed. At last night's meeting of the town conned » complaint was made by Cr. Jones 0f the ""fair treatment accorded to Mr fleniy Roebuck, the town treasurer, through the publication in a section of the press of a xeportof the finance committee respecting the dispute between the town treasurer and Cr. Bell. It was contended that Mr Roe hnck was placed in an unfavorable light onfng to adverse criticisms appearing in the paper, to which he could not reply, in con. ifquence of a previous order of the council. An assertion was made by Cr. Jones, and it was at once taken exception to by Cr. Bell, who characterised it as beiug devoid of truth. Cr. Jones protested that Cr. Bell should be compelled to withdraw the offen sive remark, but that member only reitera ted it, and as the mayor was powerless to interfere, Cr. Jones left the council chamber. Well-founded fears are entertained that the band which was formerly connected with the Geelong Artillery will be dis banded. The subject was referred to at the Town council meeting last evening, and expressions of regret were made by several ol the members. It was agreed unanimously to send a request to the officer commanding the militia to continue the services of the band in connection With the Geelong Ko. 1 brigade of the militia artillery. It is not often that classical allusions are made dnriug the investigation of prosaic ftrrumens cases for the use of abnsive language, but the magistrates at the Police Court yesterday morning were startled by one of no les3 a character than a reference to i thoss cannibalistic ancients, the An thro- J pophagi It occurred during',the hearing of \ charges brought against one another by RobertGodfreyand William Spellman, and j it is needless to add that it was made by the | latter, who has again tbns vindicated his title of "the Professor." The magistrates in attendance were His Worship the Mayor and Messrs Davey and Donaghy, Js. P. The police authorities throughout the | colony have been called upon to furnish returns of the number of hotels and taverns 1 in their respective districts, together with the accommodation provided for the public by each, the general reputation of the j house, the character of the licensee, and the j nnmber of barmaids (if' any) employed, i The information is required for the use of the Government, and will probably be utilised in connection with the settlement of I the much vexed questions of Barmaidism and Local Option. Forms for the purpose I have been forwarded to all centres, and these are now being filled in. The Camperdown police received informa Son on Saturday that a.man named Patrick ] Gently, aged 70 years, was lying danger ously ill at the house of a Mrs Gately, a widow, residing about 10 miles from Cam perdown. As it appeared that the man was i utterly destitute; and was sheltered ont of | charity by Mrs Gately, who is herself in poor circumstances, the police engaged. Dr. ( Petti grew to visit the man. He did so, and | ascertained that Geraty was suffering from j an acute attack cf inflammation of the lungs, and that he was not in a fit condition for removal. Mr; Pettigrew promised to visit trim again, and see what farther treatment is necessary, and in the meantime Mrs Gately has promised to attend Geraty. The steam-dredge Alligator was removed yesterday afternoon from her position in the boat channel to the present ship channel, which is to be dredged of the silt that has accumulated in it during the past two or three years. It is expected that the work will be completed in six or seven weeks time. An old "*•" named William Parker alias Sbakspeare, was arrested last evening by Constable Molloy and lodged in the locknp on a charge of vagrancy. The repairing of the plank floor of the railway pier is to be commenced shortly, judging from the piles of red gum planks now lying on various parts of the pier. Yesterday afternoon the contractors for extending the sewer box drain which conveys the storm water from Geelong West and other places, commenced the work. The drain will be continued clear of the line of the stone wall between the Moorabool-street wharf and the railway pier. Lieutenant-colonel Rashleigh held inspection of the Footacray Battery on j Saturday afternoon, at the Williamstown | Battery. Captain Goldstein was in command, and the three subalterns, Lieutenants Stanley, Carrol, and Rashleigh, were in attendance. , There was a good master of men, and after j putting thgm through a smart coarse of drill, Colonel Rashleigh expressed himself highly | pleased with the progress made since his last inspection. I At the auction Bade of properties at the rooms of Messrs Mucker and Co. yesterday, tiie highest bid for the three shops in Moora hool-street, known as Mr Couves' property, was £1800, at which they were withdrawn I from sale, the reserve being stated at £2000. j There were no offers for the dwelling houses ■ in Latrobe Terrace and Pleasant-street, j hnt subsequent to the sale a private offer for ! the former was made, which it is likely may be accepted. . Two special live stock trains came from j Camperdown, and one from Colac, yester day, bringing to Geelong about 4500 sheep, . the whole being consigned to markets beyond this town. There appears to be no diminni- | tion in the demand for sheep, large flocks being purchased for the freezing works in I Melbourne. j An old resident of Geelong West, Mr Thomas Kitchen, died yesterday, from heart disease.Mr Kitchen took up his residence in Geelong in 1855, and remained here. He was well known and liked, and it is believed that the violent death which his son met with in the railway collision between Little River and Werribee, on the night of the 2nd April, hastened the effect of the disease which caused his death. About 9 o'clock on Friday night John I Win gate, a seaman on board a pant lying at the Queen's Wharf, heard a cry for help in | the river Yam, and saw a man straggling in i the water .He at once got a boat, bat before he coald reach the spot the man sank. The body was recovered on Saturday. Building operations at the new Chnrch of Cathedral, Melbourne, were re sumed yesterday,the differences between the architect and the Erection Board having apparently been settled. The works which are now to be proceeded with are the con- 1 tinuation of the choir, the chancel, and the ' atcood portion of the tower. A little girl, aged four years, the daughter of Thomas flfll, a resident of Windsor, died on Saturday morning from the effects of drinking hot tea from the spont of a teapot. The child took np the vessel daring a mo ment of inattention on the part of its guar dians and drank the scalding liquid. An attempt to rob and murder occurred in the bosh, at Boodi, Mew Sonth Wales, on oatnrday. Two were together, and ons named Giovanni struck the other, Carlo Dajasso, a blow on the head with a hatchet. IjWto seized Hie tomahawk from Giovanni, and struck him on the esr, catting it off Sdort£ aSToftha Sydney Lo»P»tal the opening of the T"f-— Health Exhibition at Kensington (we learu from the London Daily Telegraph) Mr Gladstone and his colleagues were soundly hissed. When the Prime Minister and his party entered, cheers were called for, and groans and -hisses, mingled with cries of *'Gordon, Gordon," were heard all around the building in response. It is not often chat the head teacher of a State school is summoned to conrt for ne glecting to 6end his children to school the requisite number of days, but such a case (says the Courier) was heard in Ballarat recently, and although he put in the plea that they were taught at home, the court evidently did not believe bim, as he was fined os and 2-? 6d costs for each of the two children summoned. Owen Jones and another man, known by the name of Stephen, were drowned at the Hallway Bridge, George's Hiver, near Sydney, on Saturday night. Jones, who was under the influence of drink, was seen by the men on the night shift working at the bridge, to fall backwards into the water. The man Stephen jumped in to save Jones, but was not seen afterwards. Jones was rescued by the men, but while they were looking for Stephen, he again fell into the water, and was not seen afterwards. A Maryborough telegram to the Herald says:—The police are in possession of infor mation &a; to the identity of the nocturnal prowler known as the Maryborough Ghost, who has greatly alarmed women and children lately by appearing in a weird looking erey habit at unexpected times, and taking pro digious leaps over high fences and trees by the aid of spring heels. The masquerader is supposed to be a monomaniac, who keeps close all day, and comes ont at night. For months past be has been in the habit of following pedestrians after dark. A Sandbnrst telegram to the Herald states ;—A man named Charles Shaw, resi ding at Ironbark, whilst engaged at the Hose of Denmark mine tins morning, sus tained serious injury. He went to work at twelve last night, and was engaged in the level. He was smoking, when a spark from his pipe ignited some powder. An explosion resulted, and Shaw was blown several yard, away. He was soon taken to the surfaces when it was found that he was suffering from severe burns on his face, head, chest, and arms. The hair on his head was burnt off. Dr. Thom is of opinion that the unfor tunate man will succumb to the shock. The injured man is now in the hospital. The Station Product* Brokers wish us to notify that the hide sales will commence to morrow punctually at 2 o'clock p.m., at Messrs Geo. Hague and Co.'a stores ; to be i followed by Messrs Synott, Everingbam, and Co., Messrs Dennys, Lascelies, Austin and Co., and Messrs White, Appleton, and I Co., in the order named. I The electoral lists for the following divi sions are now ready for inspection:—Auakie, i Geelong north and south. I A special meeting of the St. Patrick's ; society will be held this evening. A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will be conducted at the auction rooms of Mr E. J. Jones, in Ryrie-street, at eleven a.m, to-day. A concert will be given in Christ Church schoolroom, on Thursday 26th inst. The partnership existing between Messrs ; Walker and Keon as tobacconists, has been dissolved, and the business will be in future carried on by Mr Keon. 