BISHOP BARRY AT ST. ANDREW'S CATHE DRAL, An immense congregation thronged St. Andrew's Cathedral last night to bear the Primate preach on " The Passion as accepted." The sacred edifice was crowded, and many persona were nnable to get even standing-room in the porches. The service was of the unison character, in accordance with tbe day. The order of musical service wa aa follow. Opening volnntary " He was despieed" ; magnificat, Barnby, in E ; nunc dimittis, Foeter, in F sharp minor : hymns, " When I sur- vey the wondrone cross," " Weeping as they go their way," and ''Oh, come and moorn with me awhile;" and " Brnely He that bears onr ctosb," concluding voluntary ; and this ohoras. " And with His stripes we are healed," from Handel's Messiah. The Bishop's sermon waa based npon the verse " Jesus said. It is finished, and he bowed his head, and gave np the ghost." He said that that night they completed tha services of their medita tions, and the passion itself by dwelling on its most mysterious, yet moat g radons, aspect — so mysterious that they conld bnt spexk of it with bated breath —so gracious, that the indignant shame that bad followed other views of the passion, were lost in pure thankfulness and adoration for God. In ail great acts of humanity, there were three existences to be considered — tn soul within, man without, and God above. On two of those they had dwelt already and they bad then to speak of the passion iu its supreme relation to God. Tbe preacher then contemplated at length God's acceptance of the passion, which he said was accepted for tbe whole world till time should be no more. He begged them to pray that it might be accepted for each ot them as it wonld be accepted if they wonld only yield themselves to its salvation; and with that prayer to be made in silence there before they parted — to be repeated, he trusted, by many of them at their bed sides that night, they ended their meditations on the passion itself ; they ended one more Good Friday; one more commemoration of the cross ; making for each of them one more stage on the road to death hnd the life beyond the grave. To-morrow, if it pleased God in the quiet interval ot rest for them as for their dear Lord and Master between the awful- ness of ths passion and the solemnity of the resurrec tion they would strive to prepare themselves for the Easter, to contemplate the passion as the froit and as the germ of new life, and so the commnnion, to which, iu God's name, he bade them, as christian j>eople. That holy Easter communion, which was the chief showing forth of the Lord's death, and tbe highest gift of the new life given them here on earth as the earnest of heaven, 