HEALTH AND ECONOMY. It is gratifying to find that the ill-advised action of a majority in the City Council in resolving to dispense with the services of the Health Officer is not to be allowed to pass unchallenged. A preliminary discussion upon the matter on Monday has paved the way for a notice of motion having in view the reversal of the recent decision. So far aa can be gathered from yesterday's proceedings the Council have gone a strange way to work in dealing with this most important matter. It appears that the Finance Committee, without paying the Health Committee the common courtesy of consulting it, recommended that Dr. Robertson should bo deprived of his office and his duties entrusted to an analytical chemist. Several reasons are given for this step. One Councillor hurls at the Health Officer the dire accu sation that he is a Scotchman, and that he is therefore able to command the sympathy of his countrymen upon the Council. Another charges him with ignorance of the by-laws and an incapacity to under stand them— a disability which may arise from the incomprehensible character of this civic code of rules as much as from the mental opaqueness of the doctor. By othera it is asserted that the foundation of the action against him lies in a quarrel he has had with an Inspector, and that he is to be sacrificed that hi3 subordinate may be saved. None of these considerations will, in the eye of the public, afford adequate justification for the cavalier treatment that the Health Officer has met with. The only other explanation given is that for pecuniary reasons the change had to be made. As to this it must be confessed that the Corporation have great need to steady economy. Things may not be so bad as they Beem, but we find from the records that the deficiency is now £13,334 83., a sufficiently substantial sum surely to awaken the anxiety of civic financiers, and to warrant their endeavours to dis pense with avoidable luxuries. But the question iB, have they Bhown a wise dis crimination in beginning with so useful and so comparatively inexpensive an official as the Health Officer ? The amount that he has been receiving is only £250 a year, and it is understood that out of considera tion for the depressed state of the muni cipal finances he ia willing to forego a fifth of that salary. Is it not under these circumstances a mockery to plead poverty as a ground for displacing Dr. Robert son ? One of the economists who support the Doctor's removal in effect admits that £400 would not be an extravagant allowance to make to a competent medical man, and what grounds are there for alleging incom petency against the gentleman who has been so unceremoniously told to go about his business ? It is admitted that the sanitary state of the city i3 generally good, and it is not unreasonable to attri bute this in some measure to the services of Dr. Robertson, against whom, bo far as we know, no complaint has been made, except the invidious one that he ia a Scotchman, and that he finds great diffi culty in mastering the by-laws. Now, we would ask in all seriousness, are these reasons enough for the high-handed proce dure of the Finance Committee in pro posing, without any reference to the Health Committee, that the position of Health Officer should be declared vacant, and for the prompt acquiescence of a majority of the Council in that recom mendation ? Unquestionably they are not, and the sooner the civic fathers retrace their steps the better it will be for their own dignity and for the wellbeing of the citizens. If it is of vital moment that a hundred or two a year should be saved, let the rigid economists of the Council reduce the Mayor's allowance, which, for a city like Adelaide, at such a time as the present, is altogether excessive. In any case let them not lay Bacreligious hands upon such a posi tion as that of Health Officer, and for the sake of saving fifty or a hundred pound3 put the health of the people in jeopardy. This ia a question in which the Central Board of Health is deeply interested, and if occasion requires it should not hesitate to step in and prevent the Council's play ing fast and loose with the sanitary con cerns of the city. In conspicuous and unpleasant contrast with their disregard in this matter 'of the interests of the citizens is the resolute stand which the worthy representatives of the city have taken up on the subject of their personal right to admission to the Cricketing Oval. The omission of the Cricketing Association to supply them with free passes has aroused a strong and virtuous protest, and a vigorous demand that the oversight shall be corrected has been formally ordered. Upon what principle these gentlemen are to be admitted with out payment any more than ordinary citizens it is difficult to divine, but in the agreement with the Association they made the stipulation, and they are determined to see that the privileges they bargained for are duly respected. Fbee Tbadb and Protection.— It is dangerous for an advocate of what Mr. Northmore calls a ??discriminating tariff' to descend to particulars. So long as Mr. Northmore confined himself to the broad contention that high Customs duties are a legitimate mode of taxing the majority of the people for the benefit of the few his line of argument was quite consistent. But in his shorter letter of to-day he goes into detail and contradicts himself over and over again. He first finds fault with us in reference to our remarks on what he said about reductions in the prices of boots, for ?'mixing up a threatened strike of workmen, the tariff, competition, and the price of boot3 in the rao3t irrelevant manner,' as if these matters had not the remotest connection with one another. But subsequently we find him trying to bring together all these elements of his problem and drawing a very lame con clusion from them. He goes on to assert that the strike of the bootmakers against the proposed reduction of wa°es produced no effect, and cannot, there fore, have anything to do with the question. It did produce an effect. It prevented the operativo bootmakera from being forced to accept 353. per week. That, to Mr. Northmore, 13 no doubt (?juite an irrelevant matter. But it meant something to the bootmakers and the11 ~ wives and families. We look at these' questions as they affect the great body of ? the people, and we assert unhesitatingly that the chief drawback to the boot trade consisted in the excessive rates of profit that were looked for, giving rise on the one hand to low wages and on the other hand to high prices. The cause of the reduc tion in prices is not, as Mr. Northmore alleges, the adoption of a discriminating, tariff, but the competition of manufac turers living in Sydney, where there is no '?discriminating tariff' on. boots. If Mr. Northmoro does not understand this we would recom mend him to study some simple' problem of cause and effect. After assum ing that we had stated that the exorbitant profits referred to were the result of pro tection he goe3 on to say that he would be ' everlastingly obliged' to us if we would, explain how it ia that an 11 per cent, duty can enable sellers to obtain 100 per cent, on their goods. What we demon strated was as a matter of fact exactly the converse of this. We showed that the absence cf a very high duty on boots had enabled Sydney competi tion to come into play and operate so as to reduce the price of the article without reducing the wages of those who actually woiked in the trade. The last point is what we drew special atten tion to, but Mr. Northmoro studiously ignores it. Wages are as low or rather lower in Melbourne than they are here, and the numbers of the unemployed are as a rule quite as great in proportion to ? the population. If any advantage be gained by protection, it must go to the manufacturer and the retailer, for the working man never sees a perny of it. If he did get any advantage there would soon be a rush from the other colonies which ?would swamp the local tradesmen ; and '. the fact that Victoria's population is so stationary indicates that this result, is not brought about there. Yet so long a3 the manufacturers say the high duty is necessary for their trade prices must be kept up. To say that internal competition will reduce prices below what they are under free trade te pure nonsense. If that were the case what is the use of the duty? Some philosophers assert it is for the purpose of 'steadying prices,' which reminds one of the excuse which a tippler has for taking a glass of something Btrong in the morning to 'steady his nerves.' The competition which brought down the price of boots was external — not internal. Mr. Nqrthmore should study this. He ia at present hopel&saly; mixed about it. But to get into this state may be with him the first step towards arriving at a sounder - condition of thought. It is no pleasure to us to be constantly enforcing the most elementary economical principles, but so ? long as there are men who i?nore them. and try to cloud the issues und throw dust in the eyes of those who will not take the trouble to study the matter for them selves we shall have to pursue that course. The Week's Parliament.— Considerinj;7 that the Bession will close in a month at tha latest, and probably in three weeks, the Notice-papers are heavy. The Legislative Council will to-day pass the third reading of' the Pastoral Land Bill, and finish the debate^ upon the second reading of the Working. Men's Holdings Bill. These matters are all the members have before them. The Taxa tion Bill will be finally dealt with in the Assembly this afternoon. The Chief Sec retary is supposed to move the Becond reading of the Willunga Railway Bill, which some members think will be treated aa a Blaufrhtered innocent, whilst othera prophesy its introduction and Bpeedy rejection. The second reading of the Bill authorizing loans to public corporate bodieB will be moved by the OoiriUiksioner of Crown Lands, the address to Her Majesty the Queen on federation will positively be considered, and thus other business will be dealt with :— Adjourned de bate on the second reading of the Grantsin aid Bill ; consideration of Council's amend ments in the Dog Bill ; discussion of the Law of Inheritance, the Employers' Liability, and the Coroners Bills, and tha Estimates in Committee ; and the second readings of the Phillips Ponds and the Silverton Railway Bills, and the Government Buildings Right of-way and the Protection fof Young Women Bills. On Wednesday Mr. Hardy will move — ' That it ia desirable the Railway Commission should be revoked,' and the de bates will be resumed upon the motions — by Mr. KrichaufF, relative to irrigation near the Murray; by Mr. Johnson, as to the encouragement of mining ; by Mr. Caldwell,. concerning assistance to local industries ; and by Mr. Grainger, proposing the abolition of the brewers' monopoly. The Assembly will probably sit late to-night and to-morrow night. The s.s. Orient.— Shortly after 9 o'clock, last night a steamer, supposed to be the Orient, passed Cape Borda without her signals being observed. Should the surmise prove correct the Bteamer may be expected to reach the Semaphore shortly after daylight thiB morning. Paeliamentakt Party at Gumeracha.— At noon on Monday a party, consisting of the Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., Mr. Ward, M.P.,. Mr. Homburg, M.P., Mr. Tomkinson, and Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, visited Gumeraoha. They were entertained at luncheon at 5 o'clock, and in the evening Mr. Ward de livered his lecture on ' Shakspoare.' The proceeds are to be devoted to the Recreation Ground Fund. The City Health Officer.— The subject of the dismissal of Dr. Robertson from the position of Health Officer was discussed at great leDgth and with much acerbity in the City Council on Monday. The mattsr was brought forward in the report of the Public Health Committee, who expressed surprise at the action of the Finance Committee ia making the suggestion which had ended in« the Council dispensing with Dr. Robertson without first consulting them. Tne para graph which contained this statement of, opinion was eventually struck out of the report despite the strenuous opposition of the Health Committee. The whole matter, how ever, will be rediscuBsed on Tuesday, No vember 11, when a call of the Council 13 to be made for the purpose of considering a motion tabled by Councillor Green, which, if carried, will replace Dr. Robertson in his position. The Ocean Dock.— Operations at this dock have, we are informed, been retarded through the Company having to employ a surveyor to fix the boundaries of the site. At the present time the contractors are 8hoeing the piles, and building sheds and 8tables in connection with the work. Dbainino Gle.v Osmondeoad.— We un derstand that Mr. T. King, M.P. (who recently introduced to the Commissioner of Public Works a deputation asking that the Govemment might improve the drainage of the Glen Osmond-road), has been informed by the Commissioner that the Government do not feel in a position at present to recjm-i , mend Parliament to vote the sum necessary for the work. Assyrian Passengers. — The following telegram was received by the Chief Secretary from Mr. R. Jagoo on Monday :— ' There are nine Assyrian deck passengers on board Del comyn ; can their landing be prevented?' Mr. Colton at onca wired in reply *.— ' There is no law to prevent their landing.' The West Pacific Islands.— The Chief Secretary received the folio ering telegram, from Mr. Service on October 23 :— Cir cular. — Have received the following telegram through our Agent-General, appa- ' rently acting for Agents-General in Con ference. I Bhall be glad to be the me Jiutr, of ? conveying any reply you may wish to make. Telegram aB follows :—' Agent3 all met yesterday. Have reason to believe de cision Imperial Government final against. . extending Protectorate beyond south coast, New Guinea, as proclaimed. Fleese ascertain, as Chairman, from other Governments whether this deciaioa accepted. ? Also, -whether Governments desire Agents-^' General make further representations re tl-ectiog convicts and mixed tribunal 'for,, jurisdiction outside protectorate limita.T-.i (Signed) R, Murray Smith. James Service^' Chairman of Convention Committee.' On the 23rd infit, the Chief Secretary replied aa follows:— 'Believing that Her Majesty's Government are acting with a desire to meet Australian wishes as far as practicable, we were not disposed to join in any further representations at present.' IJrrY Council Amekities. — The atmos phere of the City Council Chamber must lave teen charged with some highly dis turbing element on Monday afternoon, for from the very moment that flj3 Worship look the chair to the close of the meeting lie proceedings were marked with such solecisms and such rudeness as to draw forth, repeated protests from His Worship the Mayor. The peacemaker of one moment was the ofiender of the next, and had tie ratepayers had an opportunity of seeing the behaviour of their rapresentatives they r-ust have felt gratified at the nearness of the r.i nicipal elections. The first disturbance aro3e through a question put by Councillor Eounsevell in reference to the assessment oE certain properties owned by members of the Council. Alderman Boik took the sub ject up as a personal matter, and complained amid cheers that the questioner sought by a ride wind to impute favouritism on the part of a valned officer of the Corporation, and to cast discredit upon the Council itself. These remarks met with the especial ap proval of Alderman Kither, who con demned in moat vigorous . language the spleen which had prompted the question. Eventually, however, the Mayor replied to Mr. Bounsevell, although first Alderman Buik had to be persuaded to withdraw a proposal that no answer should be given. Then when the dismissal of the Health Officer was considered a scene ensued which waB juBtly described by one of the Aldermen as being well worthy of a bear- garden. Personalities were bandied, the rival merits of Dr. Robertson and Inspector Furze being the cause of the wordy war. Matters did not, however, reach a climax until the close of the debate, when Alderman Fox, through a prompt movement on the part of Councillor Klauer, who called for a division, was debarred the right of reply. Thia action drew forth an indignant protest from Alder man Fox, who became still more annoyed when he found that the division waa insisted upon. He stood up, thumped his table, described the conduct of his opponents as being full of spleen, and finished up by averring that some of them had told lies, which he wished to expose. Aldermen Kither and Richardson made matters worse by con etantly interjecting irritating remarks. At length Alderman Fox waa induced to sit down, the division was taken, and peace ruled throughout the Chamber. The only person who deserved sympathy was His Worship the Mayor, whose moderation ought to have called forth the consideration of the refractory members. A Hovel Pboposal.— The City Council were somewhat amused on Monday by a pro posal which was laid before them in a letter tent by an anonymous writer signing himself *'An Old Colonist.' This gentleman took occasion to deprecate the action of the Legis lature in opposing the Jubilee Exhibition, and suggested that a grand opportunity presented itself to the Council, of which it ought to avail itself. The jubilee of the foundation of the City of Adelaide would take place in 1887, and the Cor poration should not neglect to celebrate such an important event. The writer thought that this could best be done by the erection of statues of King William IV., Queen Ade laide, Queen Victoria, and Prince Albert in the four divisions of Victoria-Bquare. The funds for the purchase of these works of art should be obtained by a shilling subscription, and the writer ventured to prophesy that the coin would fall in like rain. . Bat the Council doubted the truth of this prediction, and simply received the communication. AJ Chapxeb op Acctdeuts. — Three acci dentB occurred in Gawler on Saturday, Oc tober 25. A son of Mr. Gullan, 10 years old, was playing with some other boys, when he got hold of a butcher's rocker belonging to Mr. Hodgson. He pulled the rocker off the block, and in trying to prevent it from falling on the floor the weight of it— over 100 lb.— knocked him over and he fell on the knives. He got a severe cut, eight or nine inches long, across the left hip. Dr. Bickle was called in and sewed the wound up. The boy is getting on well. The second accident happened to a boy of between 11 and 12 years, son of Mr. H. W. Mortimer. He waa out birdnesting, when the branch of a tree upon which he had climbed broke, and he fell to the ground and epralned one wrist, broke the other, and cut his face rather severely. The lad could not move his hands, and his brother, who was with him, tied hi3 wrists up with vhandker chiefB, put him on a pony and brought him home, when Dr. Patten attended ^to the injuries. The third accident happened to a boy named Solly, who was climbing some rafters, when he fell on his head, and it is feared concussion of the brain will fellow. 'Sights nr Ikdia.'— This was the title of a most interesting and instructive lecture given before a large number of me Jibers and friends of the Adelaide Literary Society in Stow Lecture Hall on Monday evening by 2vfr. H. J. Scott, S.A. representative at the Lite Calcutta Exhibition. Mr. Scott treated his subject in an entertaining fashion, and Lis remarks were illustrated by numerous models, chitflyrepresenting Indian ethnology, but comprising also specimens of the native swords,- daggers, conveyances, deities (not a few marvels of ingeniously devised ugliness), and dancing girls, amongst other things. Kot the least interesting^ South Australians Mas a casting in our own copper of two Kautch girla. This was executed admirably besides all theee there were numerous pictures by native and other artists shown in illustration of the prominent buildings in Eenares and other great Indian centres, and cf the different courts in the Calcutta Exhibi tion. In the concluding part of his lecture Mr Scott described with some enthusiasm the food effect of the Exhibition in assisting to Ireak down the caste prejudices which have for eo long formed an insuperable barrier to free [communication between the Hindus and the outer world and intercommunication between themselves. At intervals he gave humorous accounts of his own recent ex 1 eriencts in various Indian cities. During the evening Mr. T. H. Smeaton sang a song, and at the close of the lecture a vote of thankB was, at the instance. of Messrs. E. I-aviea and J. S. Milford, given to the Itcturer. ' As Exccrsios Ticket.— A somewhat sin gular case engaged the attention of the Ade laide Local Court on Monday, and lasted the greater part of the day. It wa3 an action by tlie Commissioner of Railways against Mr. T. Harry for railway fare amounting to 2s. 2d., which, -as the Crown Solicitor put it, was a sum not calculated to embarras3 the Treasury, but which involved an important point. It appeared that the defendant went np to Mount Barker on the Nairne Railway, taking an excursion ticket, which by the regulations was only available from Satur day till Monday, but he returned on the Tuesday, and refused to pay the excess fare ; hence the action. His ground of refusal was that there was' simply a contract to convey iiim from Adelaide to Mount Birker, aud in tte absence of proper notice of limitation he ?was entitled to use the ticket for return at any reasonable time. There was a good deal of conflicting evidence as to the existence and atBence.of the notice containing the limita tion, and the Crown contended that the de fendant must be taken to know the condi tions inpoa which the excursion ticket was Eojd.., The defendant cleverly conducted hi3 c\ra ;cage,' and, several cases were cit-sd on both' '- Bides, r The Stipendiary Magistrate, however, concluded to reserve judgment, 80 that iEeinstter will come forward again for decision. . : - - : Misp-BEADnfG at Goodwood.— Mr. Sebas tian George, the mind-reader, made his first appearance in public in the Bible Christian 'Church, Goodwood, on Monday right, beforea fair audience. Before testing \\\k power Mr. George asked for the sympathy cf the audience, as he was suffering from headache. In acconlanca with a wish ex pressed by Mr. George, a young lady W3s the first medium. The word lore, was placed behind Mr. George's back in fall view of the audience, and he spelt it out after a little hesitation amid applause. Another word was then similarly treated, and Mr. Gaorge then made- out the word dimly without spelling it. A lady's bat was then placed behind him, and he described it -cor- rectly. A gentleman's elastic-side boot then took the place of the hat, It was expected that this wouid be a puzzler, but it was not so. A walking- stick gave Mr. George some diffi culty, but this was more the fault of the medium, who did not at first fix his mind on the subject. Another change waa then made in the nature of the test, and great amuse ment was caused by the miscellaneous assort ment of objects, useful and otherwise, which the mind- reader took from the pockets of various gentlemen before he came to the article he required— a shirt-button in a tand stickor matchbox. The next test was spoiled through themediumrequestingMr. George not to drop a watch he had taken out of the pocket of a gentleman he was overhauling in search of the article thought of. On a second attempt, however, he was successful in un earthing the desired article. Several other similar tests were made, and the audience greeted every success with loud applause. HousE-BEEAKrsG. — On Sunday, between 12 and 5 o'clock, during the absence, of the occupants, the house of Mr. T. C. Parks, of Greenhill-road, was entered and the sum of £35 was stolen. The place was ransacked and left in a very disorderly state, but cheques, jewellery, and recognisable articles were left untouched. The back door was found open on the return of the occupants, and the front door waa unfastened. The bedroom window fastening was wrenched off. The robbery is evidently the work of some one acquainted with the premises. The police, jwho have the matter in hand, are now making enquiries. ? . : Gleselg Literary Association. — The Glenelg Literary Association held an elocu tionary competition in the Congregational Lecture Hall, Glenelg, on Monday evening. The President (Mr. T. King, M.P.) occupied the chair. The piizes for recitations were won by Mr. J. Tassie and Mr. J. Virgo re spectively, who gave the 'Isle of the Scots' and ' The Spanish Champion.' Thesuccess ful readers were Mr. John Lee and Mr. A. Chartier. During the evening several songs and pianoforte solo3 were successfully ren dered by Miss Hooper, Miss Hughes, and Messrs. W. Hughes and Rickards.. The Judges were the Rsvs. D. O'Donnell and C. Manthorpe and Mr. H. D. Gell. The Presi dent (Mr. King) presented the prizes for competition. Whale fob the Museum. — The Post master-General has received a telegram from Mr. G. Beazley, who left Adelaide a few days ago to secure for the Museum the whale which floated ashore recently near Kings cote, Kangaroo Island, intimating that he had left by the Ariel, steamer, on Monday morning, and would therefore reach the Semaphore with his prize during Monday night. Mr. Beazley reports that the whale is in good condition, only one flipper being missing, and that it is different to any we have at present. Government Tenders. — The following tenders were opened at the Government Offices on Monday :— Architect - in - Chief's Department. — Additions to school, Good wood, seven tenders, Ledgerwood & Moscriff, lowest ; erecting Police Station, Mount Vivian, four tenders, Thomas Sara & Co., lowest ; erectingschooland residenceat Appila North, six tenders, W. Hunt & Son lowest ; gaol alterations and improvements, Stirling North, four tenders, P. Moran lowest ; paint ing and repairing Post-Office premises, Blin rcan, two tenders, J. Pile lowest; supply of cast-iron standards for school desks and forms lor public schools generally, thirteen tenders —not yet declared ; repairing school premises Lobethal, two tenders, J. Brunell, lowest. Probates and Letters of Administra tion.— The following probates and letters of administration have been granted during the week ending October 25:— Probates— John Bamford, £1,550; Sir George Strickland Kingston, £18,900; Richard Chester, £150; Thomas Selway, £872; William Coleman, £180; William Henry Taylor, £100; Robert Lee, £220; Thomas Turner, £105; Edward Wcod, £336; Thomas Foynes, £350; David Bird, £2,900; Henry Mansfield, £200. Letters of Administration— Ernest Lindholm, £2,800 ; Mary Brady, £490; Abraham Wallace, £12,000 ; Jame3 Conner, £250. Small Fire at Port Adelaide.— The City Coroner having made further enquiries about the fire which occurred at Messrs. Durnell and Co.'s establishment at Port Adelaide on Wednesday, October 22, finds that the bellows caught fire through the internal com bustion of gas from the stove, and that an inquest is unnecessary. Had there been any ching near the bellows of a more inflammable nature than a bag of sawdust, a very serious fire would have happened, a3 there is only an old wooden partition between the forge and Walton's boarding-house. This state of affairs should be remedied, and the Coroner especially calls attention to the fact. Accident.— As some trucks of wool were being shunted in St. Vincent- street, Port Ade laide, on Monday morning, the trucks jumped the points, and as they ran along the street cne was overturned, upsetting the bales on the roadway. The overturned truck had the ironwork bent in several places, bat no serious damage was done. Death at the Port Casualty Hospital. —Robert Summers, aged 40, carpenter of the steamer Newcomen, who arrived in Port Adelaide from Calcutta on the 11th inst. with a crushed finger, resulting from an accident at the windlass while the vessel was coming down the Hooghly, died from tetanus at the Port Casualty Hospital on Monday evening. As reported on the vessel's arrival, deceased's finger was merely bandaged by a native doctor at the time of the accident, and during the voyage of twenty-eight days without professional aid it grew much worse. He was admitted to the Hospital on the 13th with symptoms of lockjaw, and despite every attention gradually sank, death ensuing it 6.30 p.m. on Monday. Tne body was removed to the Morgue to await the usual enquiries. An Enterprising Journal. — An Ameri can paper gives the following opinion of the Pall Mall Gazette :— ' If barn be blown down, there will appear a the Pall Mall Gazette next day a diagram of the premises ; view of the barn before being blown down ; view of the barn while being blown down ; view of the ruins ; interview with the hired man who said he always knowed it was going to blow down; interview with the ownar, with his and other theories on barns blowing down; interview with Professor Mugwump, the distinguished savant, with his views as to the reason why barns blow down instead of np ; comparative table of barn mortality for the last forty years, showing percentage of barns blown down compared with the illite rate vote; and history of loss from the earliest times to the present.' Thackeray and Whittier —An American paper once published the following story relating to a quarrel between Thackeray and J. G. Whittier :— ' Now that I am talking of literary men, I want to repeat a good story which was told me the other day of the little quarrel which John G. Whittier had with Thackeray, the great English novelist. Whittier, as you know, is very reserved, and the story comes through a friend of his brother for the first time to the public. When Mr. Whittier was in London many years ago, he was made a lion by the literary people of the metropolis. The father of Pendennis and Becky Sharp was prominent among his entertainers, and among other things he honoured him by a dinner at his Club. Whittier and Thackeray went together in Thackeray's carriage to the Club rooms. At the dinner much wine was drunk, as is the custom at all such feasts in England. Thackeray seemed to have no limit in his capacity in thia direction, and drank bottle after bottle apparently without being in the least affected by it. He was as witty and clear-headed as though he hai been taking nothing but soda. Whittier waa temperate, and drank but little. As morning crept on, however, and the feast ended, Thackeray succumbed, and, on leaving, his valet had to carry him to the carriage. On the way home he became maudlin and threw his arms around Whittier's neck, vowing eternal friendship. In short, he acted so that Whittier grew thoroughly disgusted and left, resolving to have nothing more to do with Thackeray.' Jlr. F. H. Underwood, in a recently published life of Whittier, nnkes the following comments on this story :—' It is sad to think of Thackeray as such a toper; but what has the ordinary reader to Bay concerning a circumstantial 'account like this' — and by one with Buch an evident know- - ledgeof the customs of London Clubs? It is 'from a friend of Whittier's brother,' too, end eo is authentic. If Thackeray had been helped into his carriage by hia ' valet,' that, of course, was proof positive. And to be hugged by a great strapping Englishman, in a maudlin and slobbery way! No wonder the staid Quaker resolved to have nothing more to do with him. The more, because Whittief drinks no wine, and never did, having been all his life a total abstainer. He is also averse to late hours and Club dinners, and eats (sparingly) at midday as his ancestors did. One is quite sure he was never out of his bed 'when morning crept on.' He has always been averse, likewise, to playing the lion, even in our small city of Boston, and has generally fled from any public demonstration. There is a further difficulty. He could not well have dined at a swell Club in London with Thackeray, because he was never in that city, and never crossed the Atlantic. Finally, he lately assured the present writer that-hfe i had never * met? Thackeray1 any where, and had never even seen him. So the story vanishes like a guilty ghost; Of such trustworthy materials are many biograohiea composed.' . ' : ' - Effects of Alcohol.— The powerol alcohol to cause either temporary . or permanent in Eanity is known to all of us (observes the Science Monthly). I have been told that one single visit to the padded room of the London Hospital, where 'those suffering from delirium tremens are confined, ib, amply. sufecient ;to. Bhake the faith of the most confirmed alcohol worshipper in hismistaken creed. Ab regards its relation to permanent insanity, we have the statement of a formex Bishop of London, who has informed us that out of 1,271 maniacs whose previous histories .were, investigated 649 wrecked-their reason by excessive drink ing. But the most terrible results of this list of evilB have yet to be considered. Even supposing we grant that from the moral point of view it is allowable that for the gratification of a mere animal desire we may risk both our own health and reason, there can be no doubt that, to risk - the entailment of the above terrible afflictions upon those who are to come after as, is among the most wicked and unjustifiable of deeds. Yet this.is the guilt of all who in dulge in the fatal vice of drink. Many dis eases are well known as being capable of transmission by inheritance, so that the wickedness of one individual may literally cause the ' iniquity of the fathers' to be 'visited upon the children, and UDon the children's children,' even ' unto the third and fourth generations,' entailing Buch re sults infvturo upon the innocent unborn that even the most hardened shiner may turn with horror from, the prospect of such a crime. To give one instance, Dr.. Howe, in his report on idiocy to the Legis lature of Massachusetts, says : — ' The habits of the parents of 300 of the idiots were ascertained, and 145, or nearly one-half, are reported as ' known to be habitual drunkards.'' In the social world alcohol is equally a source from which many evils flow. But a short time since a medical /nan who had had huge experience among the workhouses of the metropolis, and who, though not himself a total abstainer, has taken great interest in this question, assured me that he had never known a teetotaller to apply for parish relief. In Edinburgh, out of 27,000 cases of pauperism, 20,000 were traceable to drunkenness, and in London it is estimated that two-thirds of our paupers owe their condition to the same terrible eviL This i3 no matter for wonder when we come to consider the amount of money which is squandered in drink, coupled with the unprofitable and unproductive nature of the trade to the community at large. Daring four years, up to 1879, the amount spent in the United Kingdom upon, intoxicating liquors amounted to £574,000,000, a sum within £18,000,000 of the total of our export trade with the whole world during three years ! And judging from the numbar ot workmen in proportion to the money valne of the various liquors sent out at the large Caledonian Distillery in Edinburgh, the drink money spent in this country would, if more productively applied, employ nearly 2,000,000 instead of 250,000 of our popula tion. Flinders-street Baptist Suxday-school. — The annual tea and public meetings are to be held this evening. North Adelaide Juvenile Floral Society.— A floral and industrial exhibition will be opened in the Lecture Hall of the North Adelaide Congregational Church this afternoon. Salvation Army. — The special services of the Salvation Army will be continued at the Town Hall this evening. Unley Mayoralty.— On Monday morn ing a deputation, consisting of Councillors Nation, Scott, and O'ConnelL and Mr. T. Bruce, waited upon Mr. George Howell, and presented a memorial signed by 430 rate payers, requesting that gentleman to consent to be nominated for the position of Mayor of Unley ior the ensuing year. Complimentary allusion was made to Mr. Howell'a fitness for the position, and that gentleman willingly acceded to the request. Concert and Ball.— In connection with the Norwood Bicycle Club, a concert and a ball are announced for this evening in the local Institute. Grote-street Christian Sunday-school. — An industrial exhibition is advertised to be opened in this school this afternoon. Christian Church, Bentham-street.— The thirty-sixth anniversary of this Church is to be celebrated to-night by tea and public meetings. Semaphore Amateur Christy Met strels. — This company will appear for the first time in the local Institute this evening. Aleeston Baptist Church.— The anni versary servicea of this Church are to be continued this evening, when tea and public meetings will be held, preceded by a sale of goods in the afternoon. Alfred Masonic Hall. — The formal opening, consecration, and dedication of this Lodge is announced to take place this evening. I.O.O.F. of South Australia.— A Lodge of this Order was opened at the Enfield Institute on Wednesday, evening, October 22, by the Grand Master, Brother F. Leane, assisted by the Grand Secretary, Brother A. Leane ; P.G.M., Brother S. Harbour; J.P.G.M., Brother G. Stewart, and a number of brothers from different Lodges of the .Order. The G.M. called on the Grand Secretary to read the dispensation for opening the Lodge, which was called the Loyal Prospect Lodge, No. 29. The Lodge having been duly inati- . tuted, thirty-seven candidates came forward for initiation, after which the following officers were elected arid installed for the ensuing term:— N.G., P.G. Brother G. Priestley, of No. 1 Lodge; V.G., Brother R. Peate ; Secretary, P.G. Brother K Andrews, of No. 14; Treasurer, Brother J. Budgen ; Surgeon, Dr. A. Hamilton ; Conductor, P.G. Brother S. R. Penn, of No. 14 ; Warden, Brother Warnken; R. and L.S. to N.G., Brothers Fellows and Wallace ; R. and L S. ta V.G., Brothers Wright and Frinsdorf ; J.G., Brother J. Lewis; O.G., Brother Stan borough ; R. and L.S.S., Brothers Moore and Raw8thorn. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Grand Lodge Officers, which was responded to by the Grand Master, Grand Secretary, and P.G.M., Brother S. Harbour. The Grand Secretary proposed, as a sentiment, 'Success to the new Lodge,' which was responded to by the G.M. After going through other business the Lodge was closed in the usual form. - ? River Levels.— The following was the state of the rivers at the undermentioned statiens at 9 a.m. on October 27:— Gun- dagai, 4ft, falling ; Wagga Wagga, 4 ft 8 in.; Hay, 5 ft 4 in.j Balranald, 6 ft, rising; Namoi, 3 ft., falling : Barwon, G ft, falling ; Brewarrina, 3ft, falling; Bourke, 4 ft 10 in.;- Louth. 6 ft, rising; Tilpa, 3 ft 6 in., rising ; Wilcannia and Menindie, low ; Poon carie, 1 ft. 1 in ; Wentworth, 7 ft 9 in. ; Albury, 6 ft 11 in.; Wahgunyah. 10 ft; Echuca, 9 ft 9 in.; Swan Hill, 9 ft. 3 in.; Euston, 9 ft; Overland Corner, 5 ft 4 in.; Mungnndi, 2 ft 6 in.; Mogil and Goodoga, low. TheLubka Silver- mining Syndicate.— Elsewhere appear announcements with reference to cne floating of a Company to work the Lubra claim at Silverton, which has been reported upon by Mr. Normin Taylor. It is proposed to float the affair by the issue 2,000 promoters' shares of £10 10s. each. Ore from the claim is said to have realized in London from £91 to £832 per ton gross. Mr. W. B. Wilkinson is the local agent, and applications are being received in this city, as well as in Melbourne and Sydney. 