Vesnetnal Varieties. v*'.. — -??? H~ By Vbspbbttgo. Quicquid agunt homines, votum, timor.ira, volwptas, (saudia, discursus, nostn «t farrago Iwelli. — JUVEKIX. ****** ' What d'ye think oi it ?' cautiously inquired one Loyal Orange and Wever-Tonch-It disciple of another,* as the subdued pair filed slowly out from that spontaneous address presentation to the great I AM on Friday laat. ' Blest if I know,' replied the other, ' but it 'pears to n»e he seems to weaken on th* eood cause most — that is to say — moat decidedly.' 'That's my opinion too,' eaid the first man, '? but then what else could y' expect from a feller who's 'been a-feedin' with lords, an* dooks, an' people that does their three bottles a meal, an' wears frilled shirts an' dimund studs, and baths thairaelves every day, an' writes po'try. Tah ! he neTer.wos 'arf the man that John Davies is.' There was a heap of truth in the chat ef these sareaparilla sons, for moBt assuredly Sir 'Enry has weakened considerably on both matters. Taking it on the whole, the recent demonstration looked very like fi wjly scheme to corner the slippery ex-Premier, and at once ascertain if his intentions were honourable or not ; but, as usual, the wary knight talked all round the bark of the subject, leaving the sap untouched. Ever and anon did he charge full tilt at some vital question, which his anxious listeners were burning to have decided ; but just as he was apparently about to strike the trouble, he would, like Autolyous, in the ' Winter's Tale,' swing suddenly away from the track and put them off with a ' Whoop ! do me no harm, good men !' and so it came to pass that the people returned, knowing rather less about the objects of their mission than when they started. * » ? * * * Touching the teetotal business, for instance, Sir 'Enry plainly intimated that although whisky was a very bad thing — especially bad whisky— still he held with St. Paul that a tot of the real Glenlivet or Kinahan'a best is a mighty good thing to shift a stomach ache. Were the drinking customs of the people entirely swept away, no doubt men would have more spare cash .with which to purchase Bibles for the heathen, and to hise eabs to fly round for their favourite candi dates on polling days, and besides this, the colony would not be quite so often scandalised by the sight of eo many senators, and other public ? men lying down on their backs in the gutters, and feeling upwards with their feet to catch the revolving pavements; chut, then again, our Custom-house returns would CLLU.VIT L.U O11U bLUlO ML toVUlWUlUfr X«fc.tt l*2il .11 UlllLCttU thousand pounds per annum. Therefore, he con sidered this local option racket was a matter noon which much raigHt be said on both sides, and yet neither side be right. Eegarding the .rapists, he was inclined to think that they are not quite so much tinged with Nubian blacking as some imagine, and he really believed that after all much cculd bo made out of a Roman Catholic— especially if caught when very young. With respect to the Education trouble ' a person of considerable experience and power of observa tion/' — (Here Mr. John Davies smiled sweetly, and murmured, ' That's me.') — had told him that a change in the law would be made a party cry at the next election. This, however, was the people's look out, not his. Those who value the present Act should buckle on their armour, and fight for it like bo many ' soger ' ants over a dead frog ; but, as for his part, he would go pray until he saw which party was likely to be 'sot in the mud,' and then he would sail m and lead the other side on to glory. Just at present, however, he wished to remain quiet, and whilst endeavouring to inspire both parties with an implicit trust in himself, he would, nevertheless, make no ostentatious display, for verily, as the Wise Man says, ' In the time of danger the rat with the shortest tail gets down the hole first.' Brother Murray then gave the blessing, and the meeting ended. ****** ' Persons of considerable experience and power of observation ' — as the hon. member for Whereat would say — are of opinion that if the coming summer proves to be an unusually dry one, the man who 'sits on the pale horse, and whose name . is Death, will be found tearing around at a paca that would do credit to the ?winner of the next Melbourne Cup. Small wonder either, for BvAnav and its anVmrhsi hmra seldom been eo plentifully ornamented with pes tilential fens and seed plots of disease in general as it is at the present date. It is a poor suburb indeed that cannot raise more flies in one day, without the aid of manure, than its inhabitants can find use for in six months, and which cannot point to at least one rank, slimy pool, where fever germs- are quickened, and tenderly nursed until the time arrives for their victims to be stricken down and rushed along with all their imperfections on their heads to the land from which return tickets are never issued.- Nothing seems to be capable of ? awakening some persons to a due respect for sanitary laws, and the man who stands up to explain and insist on the observance of these laws is actually looked upon as a greater crank than the party who dressed himself up in a calico sheet and a pair of barber's pole socks, and went round telling people he was the ghost of Julius Caesar. Apropos of this, I have just heard a story told of a visitor to a suburban boarding house who, noticing the proprietor throwing a heap of table scraps and general household refuse into the already well-stocked fireplace of a spare room, inquired if he did not think that kind of thing was unhealthy P ''Praps it is, an' 'praps it isn't,' replied the other fellow ; ' but bust me if I care — we're goin' to leave her« tomor row.' Perhaps a similar reflection once crossed the mind of the former proprietor of the Orient .Hotel ac umqa xown. ' * ' # * * * # . . ' Are .the teetotallers really making any head way ?' is the prize conundrum recently given by the Austealiabt Bekwbbs' Jouhnai., and no far as the Cabbage Garden is conoerned we are afraid the correct answer is ' If o ; not a derned headway.' In proof of this, we have the Customs duties on spirits, beer and eider, tobacco, enuffs and cigars, on the one side, and tea on the other, during the financial year ending June 30 and its immediate pxedeoessor, and the figures given stand in this style : — 1882-8. 1888-4. *?Pints ? «468,746 ... £172,258 Beer and cider ... 33.371 ... 33,844 Tobacco and snuff ... 85,6*3 07 420 Cigars ? 29,54a ... 31,310 £616,602 £634,832 1882-3. 1883-4. Tea ? ... *80,«98 ... £73,967 We therefore eee that the revenue derived from spirits, beer, and such lite necessaries of life is steadily increasing, while the revenue from tea 1b over .£6000 less than in the previous year ! Speaking in the Banco Court a few days ago, Mr. Salomons dropped on a certain cI&bb; of money lenders and their agents with a force of about 7501b to the square inob., and amongst other com plimentary phrases he alluded to them as '? harpies who trade upon the weakness of their ? fellow-men.' Like ' mobled queen/' ' harpies' is good, but ' misfortunes ' would have been a far more appropriate -word than 'weakness.' Beyond all doubt, many of our money lenders oarryon their business fairly and squarely, and are frequently the means of assisting their fellow men to keep the wolf fzom the door even during the sea son when wolves are rather plentiful. Prominent amongst the harpies, however, is the enterprising gentleman who rents a. room is. the city, hand somely furnishes it with an American chair and a window blind, and then advertises bis willing ness to lend any sum from a 'fiver' np on the flimsiest seonrity. Pretty soon, Mr. Hardup comes along j requests the loan of JB20, and offers to give a bill of sale over his furniture for the favour. Mr. Harpy is only too nappy to oblige j his agent will call-in the morning and appraise theartieles— » mere matter of formjyouknaw^— and proHdlcgJiJ»reportis satisfactory, tiienioney will b* at onc« forthcoming. Hariup is delighted, and objBwrfnllj planks down 10s— another mere 1 jna^!Pv0i iiorui' for roe agent's fees, and there the btuinafi : ends. Hazdnp'e furniture may be worth £300, but the jappsaiser reports unfavour ably; the risk Is declined, and the * sharpers dividsfthe pool and&ien-look; round for another Viagra, Itwfts fhi. kind of jharpy that Cato \- -; -#^ -;?; ?*&M;??::&-: ?'??? ^ :; ?'???? V it fixed by law that a thief tfliGuld fee compelled to restore double, and a usurer quadruple. We thus eee how ranch worse they thought it for a citizen to be a money lender than a thief.' Part of this world is evidently in the same state to-day as it was when ths sturdy old Roman thundered. 