THE REVIEWS AND MAGAZINES FOR JULY. .(iront the ïall Mall Gazette.) A largo amount of space is naturally devoted by tho reviens to the burning cjuestion ot Egypt. Apart fruin thi-in tbo most atttactive item in tho Hats of contenta this month is '-A Message from General Gordou " m tho fortnightly. The bearer ot tho message, ouriously enough, is Mr. Mallock, who has been requested by an intimate friend of General Gordon to put it together ft inn hie unpublished papers. These papers give a complete account of Gordon's religious beliefs- from his description of the prehistoric earth as a cone of fire encased in a hollow globe of waters, and of the devil and his fallen angels trying to found a kingdom on a subaqueous rock, to his theory of the Eucharist, in which tho actual blood of Christ is each time brought down by an angel. " It is impossible to use language too strong," Mr. Mallock very truly says, " in describing the intensity with which Gordon believes his system to be true or the vividness with which he pictures to himself each conception contained in it ; ' and tho account of tho system given in this article is well worth reading, even by those who have no kind of sympathy with it. if only as a clue to one of the most re- markable minds of our day. From General Gordon to the Congo is a less far cry than one is usually obliged to make in noticing tbo contents of tho monthlies aud the only fault io Le found with tho defence of the Congo Treaty by Mr. W. C. Cartwright, M.P., is that it comes rather late in the day. Mr. Cartwright has no mercy for any of those who have opposed tho treaty. Traders only opposed it in the interest. of wealthy monopolista ; the fears of the anti slavery men aro as imaginary as their faot», and as for lie missionaries, Mr. Cartwright is at a loss to see how their statuaient« *' can be brought into union with candour." In the ro*t of the number thero is nothing of much mark. The Bishop of Gibraltar (whoso artioln, by tho way, lies embtdded between ono by Mr. Bowie» and another by the Dake of Marlborough: the magazine» make strange bedfellow« J), traces the history of " Tho Euglt«h Church on the Continent" from the time when Crsnmer sent chaplains to Calais to " extirpate all manner of hypocrisy " to the present day, when tho Church "cannot bo said to have boen forgetful of her duty towards the upper and middle classes," but has " not been equally card ni lo bear in mind the needs of the poor." Is it ouly on the continent that the Church of England has laid Itself open to this reproach? Mr. Bowles has beon looking over old '' Newspapers," and seems much pleased to Hud that, so far from .'society journalism " being au invention of to-day, thei e wero parapiaphe in the Mo> ning 2W ti hundred year« ago "so grossly Indecent that it is impossible to transcribe them." Tbo Duke of Marlborough, sitting "On the Cross Benches." haB been asking biinsolf the very pertinent question, " What shall we say of an Upper Chamber which is conducted solely in the spirit of an exclusive Tory oligarchy in a gcuei atron of advancing Liberalism?" Perhaps th. country will be apswermg tho Duke's question for bim before long. Mr. Malcolm M'Coll contributes a. functional article ou the Princess Alice; and Mr. Bernard Becker (" Games and Gamesters ") initiates his readera into the mysteries of faio and lansquenet, und pokor and Ulufl, and trente-et-quaranle, as well as of baccarat. The ContctiipO) ary HevUio, as usual, ocoapics itself mainly with tho weightier nratters of politics and religion the only topics, wa tupióse, which, after all, ii honour, magaeino (like Professor Seolny's rational man) neod attond to. Mr. Herbert Spencer continues hie monthly studies in laistcz-fairc. 'J hi" time " The Great Political Superstition" of the Divine Ktght of Parliament« is dealt with. Laws really have no suireónasa except what ts due to tho ethical (auction, and as til« ouly true ethical KIIECIW is derivablo from the lossons of sociology, what politicians bave to do is to become philosophers. The fact that mun do not see this front truth, by the way, is ono of tho arguments that lr. 8peneer brlt'gs iorward elsewhero to explain why bo really oanuot worship"humanity." Meanwhile motnbers of parliament aro incorrigible; and, whoreas all "true Libérala" should be busy "putting a limit to the powers of Parliament," hore is Mr. Slag proposing that Parliament should directly toko in hand the " Foreign Policy of India " by substituting a »landing committee for the India Council. Mr. Francis Peek's paper on " OIBotal Optimism " with regard to prisou reform, is more after Mr. ¡jpi»ie.>r's heart. Mr. Pc-fk ib an authority cn this subject, and eil Home Secretaries ou^ht lo listen to tho roproaclus of the Howard AsHociation an well a« to I he sull'-congiatubilion of olllcial returns. Profosapr Balfour Stewart caine» the argument by hiniBolf and ProfessorTait in their book on the " U_st<«u Uni veiso"aslepfurlhar. In that book i-tyhndmcrelj advocated a development ftom the seen lo the uuseon, not deciding whotber suoh dovoloprnent be »piritual or physical. Pro- fessor Stewart now oilers "ailrst spéculation" on this fin thor subjoot, and comes to the conclusion that tho visible uuii erse is a spiiilual production. The next arlfolo, by Mr. W. Westall, di ah iu «peculation also (not quite so far back, however) cn tho life of the luke dwellings of the " Prolo Rolvetiaris." An appreciative and just estimât« "Wren'* Work." by Mr. Janies Cubitt, begins with some thrums at Mr. Huskrn, one of whoso pupils, However, Mr. Macknmrdo, ha« just published a handsome bookon Wren's City churches, whioh may bo recommended to tboae ii.täiestod in the sub- ject of Mr. Cubltt's article. Professor Mahaify lightens the number by a pleasant account of a tour two years ago in the Srla Forest ; but we will not imitate his generosity m irving to divert the stream of tourietB into this region of " Un- trodden Italy." In the " Contomporarj Recorda" wo notice, by the way, a strange, although not (we believe) a new, word : an opportune publication is spoken of as " timeoue." One of tho first words in tbo " Nineteenth Century " would probably strike people as strange if they bad not boon io ''Much Ado about Nothing" lately. Mr. Swinburne singing tho piuises of " Our Father Chaucor," " On a Country Hoad " speaks of " tbeso low plenohtd lanes," just as Shakspearo speaks m that plav of »! a thick-pleached alley in mine orchard." Mr. Swinburne's verses- which aro all too Bhort-uto fol- lowed by Mr. .Herbert ¡Spencer's reply to Mr. Frederic Harrison, to which we have referred above. The Gospel of Humanity ÍB " Rotrogressive Keligion"-a roturn to the savages and their worship of tho dead. There is another reply in this number-namely, Mr. Goorge's to the Duktiof Argyll's " Keductlon to Iniquity." Mr. Georgo, too, adopts the ad hontinem line of argument, and makes a daring attempt to reduce tbo Duke'e conduct as a landlord to in- iquity. For the rest Mr. George lays down the principle that robbery is " taking from another that which rlghtfullv, not thal which legally, belongs to him "-aderiinilionwk¡ch would eave the acquisitive instincts in all cases from being reduced (in their own opinion) to iniquity. These two re- j plies, together with Mr. Swinburno's verses, and the two article« on Egypt, seem to us to exhaust the interest of the | _uiab«r. Sir Kinh-r- Crou'a article cn tha " City Corupa m'es " his been anticipated in his minority report V« Dalton'« paper on tho " Federal StutcB of the World'" h » .summary of easily accessible facts on tho constitution of tolerably woll-hnown countries. Messrs. Gcirnov «ml Jhor's second lmtilmrnt of ghost storie» is quite, u« diiin. pointiUL! ns the first, and that lasting a goi'd deal Xha bnst sfciry is one contributed by i-ir E. Hornby, 'lhere maimtig^aitiolo is by Mr. Waller Sichel, on "Udna'« 'ill* fluctuations iu tho national llcvtrw are bcoomlni? very lOKiilur und tl.eru is no fear of omi'« forgattloR th»t it is the turu IMH month for a dull number. Tho flat lies * of the political manifest) is miiutal enough. for nflrr tho eollnp»e ol ul! opposition to the Franchise' Hill in tho Commons, tho duty ed tho Lords to thiow tho hill out in order to ¡mattum" tho general opinion on it wn hiudly a very inspiriting thom«. But sutoly Conform tives havo reanou lo complain of the lino Mr.' Courthope is tnkinir in other diiections. Last month ho required his 10 dcrs, 11s a sacrifice tj patriotism, lo admiro iii« Kiivtu« ol the Iron Duke ; anil now hi threat-iw te mak« it an nrtlclo of Conservativo faith, not to admiro any of the poets of thin century, for aro lot they all Liberal« Í (JnmcraitivHh, Mr. Courthope toll» tis, must bo pc«siuiuU) ubont poetry OB well a* about politic«, and wa only iclD. der how he carne to admit an article by Mr. Armstrou» -a writer who, in gathering up " The Art Harveit'of the Year," refuses to biliuve the diurnal prophecie« u 10 the futuie of the. Knplish school. 'Iho writer« of Iii two semi-political nrticlcB ure on «aier ¡¡returnl, the rcira. latina abuse of Mr. Gladstone brine forthroiiimg not cnlr in," A Passage iu the Lifo ot a Commonplace Man," but also in 11 tributo to tho momory of Sir Bartln Frirs, Of the leniaiiiiiig iirlicloo, which ure non-contentloiiB, thi most interesting is Mr. Fagan'» account of tho Iriih woollen trad«. Mr. Fauan heals, by the way, that Mr. Herbert Gludatono baa bad a Buit from Kenruaie, át¡4 "heartily wishes othors would do tbn sanio." I«'thli quito sound P Cau any good thing come out of Hawardea? {From St. James's Oacettc.) The best thing in Mncmillaris is tho nolieo ¿f «jr, Kenan's Now Volume," which Is aculo «ntl well written, A translation ot " Heine's Mountain-Idyll»" is not ver/ successful. " H. D. T." has 11 dialogue, '. The Cnnsululfoai of Pessimism ; " and Mr. E. .Spence Watson examina '.Wordsworth's Itolations to Srcionce." "Oa au lriih Trout Sircam" and '. linster Week in Anorgo«" are bota pleasant bits of descriptive writiLg. , This month's number of tho Jingltsh Illustrated ii ti» most MieceBstul issuo of this astonishingly cheap rongaritii that has jet appeared-so far as illustration goe«, at mr rato. The portraits in the ni tiolo ou '. '1 ho Itoyal Collection of Miniatures Bt Windsor Ca«llo" Bro uliovo prai»o. Vory »rood, too, in a different way, aro the pictures that lllastrsts "An Unsentimental Journey through Cornwall." Turning to the literan contents, wo may notice some verne-B by ths late Chnih'B Kingsley, und tho second part of Mr. Henrr JIIIUOB'B story, " Tho' Author of Boltrnflio." Xtmple .iieiVeoutitjUiB the two serial Blories, " Peril " tod " Urs. F'orrester'B öorrot." In " Among ihe Teutoui" thn writer defends tho Germans from the churgo« of dulns« nnd unreliuemont, and gives a not unpleasant picture of their social life. Ihore is also nn interesting taper on " Mrs. Aphra Behn," with some pretty and pootloal ijuoh tiona from her play of "Tho Young ftfug;'' but it inliM b« as well if tho pecius of this not *ory edifying writer »er» allowed to rest in oblivion. Thero ero a good miar amusiug little anecdotes in the article on " tácriptnstl Quotation," J.ongmen,s continues " Jack's Courtship," and com« menees a new and welcome novel by Mr. Bret HartecalW " A Blue-çrafS Penelope." Mr. Jefferie« write« ba " Üunny Brighlrn," wheroin he tells doleful tale« of til (lahing at this placo. Mrs. Oliphant hns a further (natal ment of "Madam;" und there is still another paper og "F.D. Mourico." Jhlj/ravia continuos " The Lover»' Creed" and the other serial story, "Tho Wearing of the Green." Mr. Bato writes an entertaining account of tho old Covont Gardln Theatre from tho timo of ita founding in 1732, and intro- duce* some bright little theatrical stories. There are «In SHveral shot t novel«, umoner which we may notice " 'l'h« Oreitt Jiuiifletjeo Kailwuy" and Mr. Molcolni Watson'«",* Mean ltevongo." In Cassell'*, under the title of "Snakes: a True Storv¡" Mr. Waiter Severn gives an interesting account of some snakes kept by friends ot his in Cheyne Walk. Amonget other readoblo ai ticlos lhere is one on " Continental Trip« al a Means of Education," in which tho writer sensibly soft pests that a study of iho fiction bearing upncertaindintrio'i would greatly add to the profit and interest of viitiingtliem. " Within tho C1«sp" is continued, and thore is sn insiractlv« pspor on "Dorby China," with illustrations from the set recently piesenied 10 Mr. Gladstone. The Argosy consists chiefly of novels, short and long, the majority of which are very bright and Kidsblo. Mr. Wood contributes moro of his pleasant papers on "Tat Channel IslandB." In the ùtmtkman't thore IB an interesting account of " Italian Folk-Somrs," containing some pretty specimen« 61 Sicilian, Neapolitan, and PiotlnionteBO ballad. Mr. Farrar writes cn " Milit'iry Stratagems," and consider» them in their moral aspects. ''i'hllhilia" fs continued; and tber« is a paper on spiders with a host of ouriou« fact« about tbem. Jlerptr't Magazine contains, nrnongmucb that i« interest ing, a paper on " Prince BUmarck in Private Life," whioh show» tho grim Chancellor with hi« lovo ot nature and animals in a verv pleasing light. There ia also a good article on tho " Nile," with illuítrations from «ketches by Sir F. Leighton ; and an entertaining account ot tho pro» minent " Professional Beauties of the Last Century," witt a bright Dioturo of the gaieties of tho time. In ûxoCmtwy, perhaps the moil interesting srHcl» ti that on " The fcoenes of Hawthorne's ßornanooB, ' by Julian Hawthorne. Mr. O. W. Prothoro derribes the Canibriüga Greek Play, and Mr. Henry James and Öeorge W. Cab« continue ""Lady Barberina " and " Dr. Bovlor." In tho Atlantic Monthly the most important arUcl« ii that on »The Growing Power of the Republio of Chile«? in which the writer gives a brief summary of^aa audresi delivered before the Amorioan Geographical Society on ton wonderful country. Mr. Biehop contribute» Chor? Susan." a quaint story of a Chínese flíhing lettlemtnt. "In WorTime" is continued, and there ifl an attraottv» paper on " Ohimes, and How They Are Hung. * " Booen« Poetry "and Mr. Lewton's paper on "lheUnoerwe*a. are well worth reading. . Summer Daga, the holiday number of Cassell «, contatni. Two Giri« Walked from Bala to Llar.dadno. MittUFolki is es bright uud entertaining 8 number as cowa bo well concoived. Two new serial étoiles by favotuw writers in LMlt Folkt aro commenoed ; and bc«de« a nula- bor of short stories, there aro welliwri ten papen on " Stories Told in Westminster Abbey, u* W Famous Railway Trains and their ^'I'mi^nJ^ Frith gives a dedightlul description of the «' Flying Dtttc» man." _ 