PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND." ABOUT WARRNAMBOOL. No. III. One of our number knows Tooram well, and pilots us to a landing place, from which we scale the high bank to the house. After the most hospitable of welcomes from Mr. Palmer, we proceed to inspect the cowsheds and dairy. The homestead of Tooram is sur- rounded by the oldest of venerable wil- lows. Almonds, apples, and peaches are blooming in the orchard. The situation on the bluff looking over the broad silent Pool to where the rapids break over the rocks, is most beautiful. But for the nonce the picturesque must be put in the background. The practical claims my attention. Here I am on the greatest dairy farm in Victoria, if not in Australia. The Tooram estate is 1,150 acres in extent, divided into a number of paddocks, many fenced by quickset and haw- thorn hedges. The pastures are rye-grass and clover. A portion is arable land which pro- duces mangels and other crops required for a change of diet. In the most favourable seasons 500 dairy cows, besides store cattle, horses, and hundreds of pigs, are carried on the Tooram fields and pastures. Now only 350 cows are being milked, but in a week or two the average will be up to 500. From these 1,150 acres, which support the cheese factory and piggeries, the annual return is nearly £8,000. The yard which surrounds the milk- ing-shed is very different to what one would see in England. Especial cleanliness is the first thing one notices here. There is no accumulation of that "matter in the wrong place" so sacred in the eyes of a British farmer, who will have his bedroom and par- lour windows opening on to a yard full of it, and the well to supply the house sunk along- side tons of what is so sweet to his nostrils. The British farmer never drinks water, and so avoids many fleshly ills which the use of the polluted beverage would bring about in any ordinary mortal. From the start to the finish of all the operations at Tooram cleanliness is the word. In the milking shed, dry and well drained, there is nothing to counteract the odours of the sweet breath ot the kine, to inhale which is said to be a cure for pul- monary complaints. During the war in 1870 I once camped with a few comrades in a vacherie. Wintertime in Normandy is more than a trifle cold. Huddled in the straw, towards morning I acquired a heavenly warmth. I was awakened by something soft and caressing passing over my face. A young calf, had come and lain by my side during the night, and by the heat of its body helped to keep me alive, afterwards testifying its friendship by that seemingly absurd practice of licking my cheeks, but as all animals possessing tongues have the same habit of showing affection, there may be some ab- struse question of physical magnetism in- volved. Anyhow, that sweet young calf was a good Samaritan to me, and I hope the Prussians did not convert it into veal. I think the breath of a well-kept gentle milch cow just as nice a thing in its way as one can meet with. In this broad, spacious, well- ventilated shed at Tooram everything is sweet. The cows are milked 50 at a time. They are night and morning driven in from the pastures in small mobs. There seems to be very little trouble in handling them. They wait quietly in the yard till their turn comes, and when in the shed most of them walk quietly into a stall, and are baled up and tied by the hind leg. Two hands are con- tinually employed in this work. The minute a cow has given her milk she is unloosened, and trots away satisfied. All the milkers here are men--and white men. There is but one Afghan left. They and the Hindoo coolies, it will be remembered, quarrelled and fought. The labour question is one which sometimes worries Mr. Palmer. His over- seer (formerly with Mr. St Quintin) and a few others have been with him many years. But the "unemployed" whom he lately im- ported from Melbourne have, but with one exception, all left. A strict order is estab- lished in the milking shed. No noise is al- lowed, no swearing, no kicking or ill-using of the animals. Quietly and silently the work goes on without a sound, except the tinkling of the milk falling into the pails. Fine, stalwart, strapping fellows some of the hands, and that American, in his high boots, open blue shirt, and slouched felt hat, has quite a picturesque appearance; but I would rather see a series of smart Mollies, Annies, or Peggies officiating here. But where are milking-maids in any number now to be found? The "Hetty Sorel" of to-day plays the "Blue Danube," and reads Ouida and sometimes Zola in the original, and makes eyes in the church at the curate. She is not so ignorant as in our youth, but I question if she is more innocent. And English Mollie, aping her mistress, despises dairy work, or any domestic work at all. She would sooner be a sewing machine girl, and offer up her health and life to the Moloch of modern civilisation. On the authority of many phy- sicians we leam that the sewing-machine and the bicycle are doing more to ruin the future physique of our race than any institu- tion or habits yet evolved by the enemy of man and woman kind. From the milking sheds to the dairy there is a tramway, and on this the pails filled with fresh milk are rapidiy transported. The dairy buildings are situated right on the bank of the Hopkins, and are admirably ventilated. Pipes of pure water raised from the stream below run outside the windows, and aid in keeping the establishment always cool. The process of cheese making on the American steam-vat plan was admirably de- scribed by the agricultural correspondent of The Australasian, during his late visit to the United States. At Tooram it is carried out in perfection. An expert could find no fault with any of the operations, from the vats to the storeroom, where hundreds of large cheeses are ripening under a regulated tem- perature ot 60 deg. "Why is Tooram factory like the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky?" asks one of our party. We wring the answer from him. "Because it is cold in summer, and hot in winter." Not a brilliant witticism, but, unlike many a bon mot, perfectly true. The care and cleanliness exhibited in the manufacture of the Tooram cheese has been rewarded. It is celebrated all over Australia, and brings the best price, 7½d. to 8d. a pound, in the market. Nearly 90 tons were turned out from here last year, and 100 tons can be produced. A very useful and commendable industry, but from a sentimental point of view there is one objection to it. The cows kept on Tooram pastures are always in a condition to give milk, which has all to be devoted to cheese making. All the calves, therefore, are killed when they are 24 hours old to obtain the rennet, which with their mother's milk is turned into cheese. There is something of the "seething of the kid" in this. It does seem hard that the thousands of cows which have served their turn at Too- ram should have had all the pains and none of the pleasures of maternity. It does seem hard that the thousands of calves born here should not have enjoyed their lives for a brief season, and have experienced the physical pleasures derived from sun, air, and pleasant pasture. Not only, however for the purpose of assisting in cheesemaking are the calves killed. The waste milk and whey flow along pipes trom the factory into an adjoin- ing establishment to be utilised with the bodies of the slaughtered calves in an in- dustry which at Tooram is yearly becoming of more importance. There are always from 500 to 1,000 pigs being fattened here. Their food is the whey from the cheese factory, a jardiniere compound of mangels, cabbages, and general root and green stuff, and the broth and meat of the calves and of old sheep which are boiled down. The latter furnish not only food for the pigs, but the bones are afterwards crushed and provide fertilisers for the paddocks. It is far better to be born a pig than a calf at Tooram. The former lives but 24 hours, the latter has 10 months of a delightful porcine existence here. For I believe it is generally conceded that the principal delight of a pig's existence consists in eating. At Tooram the young porker is crammed with just as much as he can consume. For six months he feeds in the pens, then for one or two months he has a turn in the fields, and is fed on root crops, then two months in the pens on a grain diet fattens him up for the buyer. What animal whose ultimate fate is to be turned into dead meat for human use could demand more? Everything which can add to a pig's comfort is to be found here at Tooram. American models have been followed in the large sheds, pens and feeding troughs. The black Berk- shires, which we see in all ages, seem per- fectly contented. The comical little ones run around whilst the mothers grunt at us. Those past the baby- stage are devoting themselves to their business of getting fat. One thinks of Morland's paintings when we see the one pig in each stye who will put his fore- feet in the trough. But "stye" is not the proper expression, here, where the American plan of carrying out cleanliness in piggeries is followed. The legend on the old cannon on Dover heights, "Polish me well and keep me clean, and I'll carry a ball to Calais green" was a false one. Modern ordnance has not yet arrived at such perfection. But modern treatment in the fattening of cattle shows that if well-bred pigs are kept in cleanly surroundings they mature earlier and will run from 20 to 30 pounds more in weight at the end of nine months. At Tooram Mr Palmer is carrying out on a large scale what many farmers around Warrnambool are following on a small scale. In the United States it was long since proved that it paid better to turn roots and grain into pork than to sell the crops at low rates. About Warrnambool the working of this principle has produced the best results, and Mr Palmer tells me it is worthy of the consideration of farmers in other parts of the colony. Pigs of good breed might yet be profitable in the Goulburn Valley or on the Murray Plains. But it is necessary to have local curing establishments, as in transporta- tion for any great distance there would be such a loss in weight. There are four or five large factories around Warrnambool, and from Tooram the pigs are sold in droves. The improvements here in the production of pork, as well as of cheese, show what judgment and experience can do. There is a great dif- ference between the excellent condition of the Tooram pastures and the land on the other side of the river, which is in a state of primal bush. Mr Palmer has set an example to the farmers and graziers not only of the West, but of Victoria generally. I listen and note the words of wisdom in the matter of cattle and pork which fall from his lips and regret that approaching nightfall cuts short our visit. The row back is again full of interest. '"Lingering fade the rays of daylight and the listening air is chilly ; Voice of bird and forest murmur, insect hum and quivering spray Stir not in the quiet hour ; through the valley calm and stilly, All in hushed and loving silence watch the slow departing day. "Till the last faint western cloudlet, faint and rosy, ceases blushing, And the blue grows deep and deeper where one trembling planet shines, And the day has gone for ever--then like some great ocean rushing, The sad night wind wails lamenting, sobbing through the moaning pines." Then the rain falls again. We all get wet through, but each one is imbued with the spirit of Mark Tapley. I am happy in that I see a platypus. Not much of him, I am free to confess. The horn again wakens the echoes in the Bay of Biscay, and the Law takes an oar and spurts vigorously. The boathouse at Sherwood is reached in good time and then Old England and Young Aus- tralia strip and dive into the Hopkins, and come out shining and dripping like river gods. I, with reminiscences of chills and fevers, have not the pluck to follow their example. Then a drive back to town, and a late impromptu banquet at the Baron's where cups are crowned with wine to the memory of a pleasant day, and pleasant company. I first experienced the hospitality of the Western District at Geelong, when, two years ago, I had a pleasant sojourn in that city, and roamed about the district in buggies and drags. As at that time I was not on a journalistic expedition, the kindness I re- ceived was all the more pronounced. At Warrnambool the offers to drive me around the country are so numerous that I suffer from an embarrassment of riches in this respect. I cannot accept all the courtesies tendered to me, but I could never think of refusing the friendly invitation to drive to Allansford and around the coast road. The author ot the Tourist's Guide is with us to point out the picturesque. Past pleasant Sherwood, past cottages and English look- ing gardens, along the main Camperdown rond, six miles east of Warrnambool, we arrive at the bridge over the Hopkins and the township named after Mr. John M. Allan, who in 1840, with his brothers took up this country. Mr Allan lives in local history as a public spirited settler. As we drive over the bridge the river forms a topic ot converation. The Australian Handbook tells me the Hopkins is only 110 miles long, but Mr H. Bereslord de la Poer Wall, in his most excellent Manual of Physical Geography of Australia, a work which is of the greatest value to the traveller and the student says - "The Hopkins rises in the Pyrenees four or five miles north of Mount Ararat and near Mount Warrnambool receives the Emu Creek from a more easterly point of the Pyrenees. The Hopkins, after a course of 130 miles, reaches the sea at Warrnambool Bay. Its basin is not easy to estimate, for the right bank has a watershed of only a few miles width, whilst the Emu Creek flows through a country studded with small salt lakes which form a number of inland basins. The laruest of these is Lake Bolac, the recipient of the Fiery Creek." I am particular in doing justice to the Hopkins, as this stream de- serves every commendation for its highly successful efforts in adding to the picturesque aspect oi the district. Mr. Davis tells me that the Great Fall of the Hopkins should be visited by every tourist. This is near the junction with Emu Creek, about a dozen miles from Warrnambool. The country around is wild and picturesque. Both shores of the river are of compact basalt. The bed is suddenly lowered 40ft. The falls are 100 yards wide, and the water rushes over columns of prismatic rock with a perpen- dicular descent. In winter the falls are of terrific force and splendour, but in summer the streamlets are but modest. The falls are not easily approachable during winter, the time they are best worth seeing. Mr. Davis says - " In the early por- tion of summer, when the roads have re- covered from the rains, is the best time for a trip to the falls. They are approached by way of the Woodford-road, turning to the right hand after triaversing about three miles of it, which leads to the Wangoom- road. Though a three-chain road, it is sinuous, and the trees and bushes encroach so close to the metal in places, that they give the appear- ance of a country lane. After passing Wan- goom-park and the schoolhouse, it would be safer to inquire the way to the falls at one of the many cottages by the wayside. In leaving the metalled road past the school-house the course is by a beaten track on the right hand. Long before the river's brink is attained the muffled roar of the falling waters is heard, and when they come into view the picture is one which repays the trouble of the journey. To the precipitous brink the river, a broad and goodly stream, rolls smooth, and swift, and placid; collecting on the verge, it thunders down a depth of 40ft., showing many colours as the sun glints over its troubled face. The frangible mass falls to the bottom, and crushing into infini- tesimal particles, it sends aloft a hoar foam, which bedews the surrounding banks. Rush- ing onward in a wild course it gains at length its wonted placidity, and steals along the mazes ot its serpentine journey, gliding by 'many a field and fallow,' shelving to its brim, or coursing beneath high and fragrant banks. Even in the height of summer the drive is a pleasant one; though the falls are reduced to a few little streamlets they are worth seeing, whilst on the banks wild flowers and ferns may be gathered in pro- fusion at all times." Fishermen and lovers of good things will be interested to leam that lampreys can be caught around the cliffs and the boulders which arise from the bed of the river. A short distance from the Great Fall the Emu Creek empties itself into the Hopkins from the eastward, and it possesses falls which by some are con- sidered to rival in picturesqueness those of the Hopkins, though they are not so high, nor is the body of water flowing over them so large. These falls are best gained by way of the Cudgee, a small and pretty township on the Brucknell Creek, through which the main Geelong road runs. The Hopkins Falls are about two miles from this township, and the Emu Creek Fall, or Black's River Falls, half a mile distant. From the picturesque Hopkins we come back to talk of prosperous and practical Allansford. This township was founded on the estate of Mr. John M Allan. In 1855 a portion of the preemptive section was cut up in half-acre block, realising from £15 to £50 each. Proximity to the forest and to a good farming district made it a convenient centre for splitters and yeomen. A saw-mill was established, and in 1857 there was already a population of 160 people in this private town- ship. A substantial bridge had been erected in 1852, but the river rose above it in the flood of the same year. Allansford now contains a population of 300, has a post and tele- graph office, Presbyterian and Wesleyan churches, and a mechanics' institute. The hotels, stores, and mechanical trades carried on here all appear prosperous. There is a flour mill; but the chief local industry is the bacon-curing factory of Mr. F.W. Gazzard, a fine stone building, where pigs from adja- cent Tooram are converted into bacon accord- ing to the most approved modern processes. From the slaughter room to the smoke-house, all the appliances are of the best character. No pig need grumble at the method of his decease here. Sides ot bacon are here smoked, the hams sewn-up in calico in Ame- nican style, the clippings and cuttings made into sausages, and the lard melted into blad- ders. Four hundred pigs weekly are now being killed here, and aid to supply the metropolis, consignments being occasionally sent to Syd- ney and Adelaide. Three miles and a half from Allansford and seven trom Warrnam- bool is Lake Gillear, in the parish of Me- punga. The estate of Mr. G. J. Wilson and the "woolwash" and fellmongery of Mr. Peter Dallimore are on the borders of the lake. The Bosam Scrub adjoins; it contains 800 acres of valuable land. It is proposed to drain the scrub by lowering the depth of the lake, in order to make the lans available, and the locality is being surveyed by Government for that purpose. Mr. Dallimore is a Vir- ginian, whom I have very great pleasure in meeting. His establishment is most conve- nient and complete, and furnished with a plentiful supply of pure water. It seems passing strange to meet a native of the Old Dominion in this out-of-the-way place. The land this side of the Hopkins is not so fertile as on the west, around Koroit and towards Tower-hill, but it is very good and productive land for all that. A good deal of the land on the Allandale Estate is still in pasture, or heavily-timbered primal bush. Log fences, making first-rate covers and breeding places for rabbits and hares, abound. Nearer the coast the land is cultivated right up to the cliffs overhanging the shore. The farms here in size are more like those in the Goulburn Valley, although the land after many years of cultivation will still raise from 25 to 50 bushels of wheat, barley, and oats to the acre. But this is only on those farms where sheep are kept, and a rotation of crops and pasture adopted as in England. Some of the grain crops which we see here are in splendid condition. Mr. Lumsden, whose place we pass, is, they tell me, a model farmer. I am sorry I have not time to stop and examine his 400 acres. But on the coast once more, the picturesque claims our attention. We halt on the top of the hill and take in the grand view up and down the coast. The land here is cultivated right up to the sand dunes. The sheen from the shimmering, verdant corn catches another reflection from the limestone cliffs. The in- dentations in the bluffs overhanging the shores are most curious. High and pre- cipitous, their outlines have been worn into the strangest shapes by the battling of winds and waves. Great masses of rock are yearly being detached. Huge sand hummocks are yearly being formed. The forces of destruc- tion and recombination go on together. In- land, along the valley of the Hopkins, culti- vated fields and farms, seawards, precipices, the sea thundering at the foot of the cliffs, lashed into fury by the wind, which comes straight from the Southern Pole. A dangerous lee shore this; and from the 'vantage point of the hill eastward ot the Hopkins one sees what slight protection for shipping Nature has provided in Lady bay, and you wonder more and more at the long suffering of the people who for so many years have been content to be without harbour works, break- water, or railway. Now they have got the promise of all they want, and I hope are happy, as they deserve to be. Mr. Helpman and other friends tell me that the summer sojourner at Warrnambool will find no better ride or drive than along the coast to the Bay of Island. I have de- scribed the fantastic appearance this presents from the sea, with its island pillars and rocks standing out in the deep. It is 26 miles from Warrnambool to the Bay of Islands, but there is grand marine and coast scenery en route. The coast cliffs are often 300ft. in height. A few miles from Warrnambool are some limestone caves. One ot the principal of these was, I am told, early discovered by the late Mr. Allan whilst chasing a bullock. His horse suddenly started and bounded on one side of the mouth of a pit 100ft. deep, which communicated with the cliffs on the shore. It is a dangerous scramble down the rocks 160ft. to the entrance of this cavern, which is said to be 800ft. long. There are numerous holes which give light from above, and hence Mr. Latrobe, who vísited it years ago, gave it the name ot the "Star Chamber." The floor of this cave is strewn with the bones of kangaroos and wal- labies who have fallen through the pits above. Fossils are found in these caves, echinus, nautilus, sharks' teeth, &c.; At Lake Gillear there is a cave in which bones of aboriginals were found in the powdered sand with which the floor is covered. In several localities there are deep hollows in the ground caused by the falling-in of the upper crust of the caves below, similar to the "crownings in" of the Black Country. All along the coast there are sub- terraneun streams of water flowing to the sea. At certain places it is said that in the old days the blacks set nets for the eels which are still borne down with the current. The natives then believed all these caves to be haunted with the ghosts of departed lubras who had gone before owing to the too powerful administration of a waddy, or through the attempt to cut out their kidney fat; but I cannot find a case on record of a white man in Australia having seen a black ghost, although Guy's Cliff, on the Avon, was tradition runs, for generations haunted by the shade of the Saracenic maid whom a Knight of the Cross brought with him from the Holy Land, and slew in his jealous anger in his fortress near Warwick. But if departed black gins around Warrnambool do not " jump up again," neither does the wraith of Old Dan, the fisherman show itself. Dan, a decent, honest fellow, who supplied the citizens of Warrnambool with fish, lived for years, and died, in a cave close to the sea here. On towards the Bay of Islands one gets into a country similar to that around Cape Otway - stringy-bark forest, heath, and a gravelly soil, but the coast is always grandly beautiful. Terrible, too, sometimes! It is, indeed - "A grim, grey coast, and a seaboard ghastly, And shores trod seldom by feet of men." It is a coast such as this on the South Aus- traban border, on a bluff of which Lindsay Gordon stood, as one of his few faithful friends writes me, and, with bared head, prayed to God to spare the lives of those on the wreck beneath. Australia s great poet, who knew so well the mystery of our primal forests and the conceits of bush life, knew also and appre- ciated as much as any man the wondrous and terrible beauties ot our western shores. Riding along the coast to the Bay of Islands, and on thence to the sportsman's paradise, Curdies River, everywhere one can realise the truth of Gordon s lines - "With short, sharp, violent lights made vivid, To southward far as the sight can roam; Only the swirl of the surges livid, The seas that climb and the surfs that comb. Only the rag and the cliff to nor'ward, And the rocks receding, and reefs flung forward, And waifs wreck'd seaward and wasted shoreward On shallows sheeted with flaming foam." 