MEETING OP MINISTERS OF RELIGION. BIBLE-READING IN STATE SCHOOLS. On Wednesday morning a representative meeting of ministers of religion convened by the Bishop of Adelaide, was held in the Church Diocesan Office, Adelaide, for the purpose 01 considering the question 01 JBible reaajng in State schools. The Bishop presided, and there were present— Dean Russell, Archdeacon Fair, Canons Green. Andrews, and F. S, Poole. the Revs, J. Lyall, Jamea Bickford, R. S. Casely, T. Lloyd, J. Young Simpson, D. Paton, J. B. Stephenson, H. T. Burgess, R. Kelly, J. C. McMicbael, E. Rorke, H, D. Smith. A. W. Webb, J. Colborne, H. Hussey, E. Masterman, W. J. Moore, J. McEwin, J. Hannah, F. Williams, S. Mead, J. Tresise. W. Diment, and W. R. Hiddlestone. THE DEATH OF THE DUKE OF ALBANY. The Bishop, in opening the proceedings, said there were two matters that he desired to bring before tbem before they entered on the special subject of that morning. The first waa connected with the sad bereavement which had so suddenly befallen our beloved Queen. He desired to ask the meeting if tney would join him in signing an address of condolence to Her Majesty, who they knew was feeling acutely the great sorrow that had come upon her. He had drawn up an address, and if they desired it they would sign it, and he would take steps by which it should reach the Queen. The Bishop then read the address, as follows : — We the undersigned ministers of religion, in the Diocese of Adelaide, and Colony of South Aus tralia, humbly desire to offer an expression of our deepest sympathy in the sad bereavement of Your Majesty in the death of Your Majesty's youngest son. The whole Empire shares in the sorrow of our Gracious Queen, and of our Majesty's widowed daughter. Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, had won the hearts of all loyal and thonchtful subjects of Your Gracious Majesty on this as well as the other side of the world. We cannot but thank Almighty God, the Fountain of all Wisdom, who has so enriched the Prince with Hia heavenly grace, for the lessons which his short life has taught. His manly fortitude under suffer ings—his diligent desiie to utilize for others the great talents with which he was gifted— the mo desty and bright sympathy of his character, had en deared him to all of us, who desire, in however humble a manner, to take any part in furthering these movements for the the good of your Majesty's people which he was ever foremost in advancing. For the reverent faith of his life, the example he has set of a wise son's obedient following in the footsteps of a wise father, we as ministers of religion cannot too deeply ex press pur gratitude to the Almighty ; but we mourn for his death. We miss a wise counsellor who with 1 ipening years was proving himself a blessing indeed to his country. Earnestly do we pray that Christ, the Consoler, in whom ia no separation, may comfort the sorrowing heart of your M^je3ty, and of the Royal widow of th3 Prince, and that m the gracious spirit of our merciful Father your Majesty may have that peace which the world cannot give. In dutiful and loyal obedience, we are, &c.; The Rev. Jas. Bickfoed moved the adop tion of the address.. The Rev. Jas. Ltall seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The addresB was then signed by all the gentlemen present, and it was agreed that an opportunity should be given to other ministers of religion in the town to attach their names to the document. In reply to Canon Grees, the Bishop said he had thought of asking the Roman Bishop to sign the address. THE RECIDiyiSTES BILL. The Bishop then said that the next point he wished to bring forward was whether they as ministers of religion should not take some special action as to the Re'cidi vistes Bill, which was now likely to have a disastrous effect on the neighbouring islands. He could not help thinking that as ministers of religion they had a right to speak on this subject, not merely from the colonists' point of view, npt merely as touching the interests of the nation, but as men who met together because their avocation was essentially a religious one. They took it that to launch these criminals upon the islands to which tbey^ were all trying^ to_ carry and spread missionary work was in itself a crime ; and they wished to take some action to show the French people at any rate that the voice of religion could be heard in such a matter as this. For this purpose he thought it would be wise to appoint a small committee. Rev. D. Paton suggested that the Bishop should bring the subject forward at a later Btage of the meeting. This suggestion was adopted by Dr. Kennion, but owing to the length of time occupied by the subsequent proceedings the matter waa not again intro duced. BIBLE-READJNG IN STATE SCHOOLS. The Bishop said that in bringing this sub ject before the meeting he wished first of all to say a few words upon their right to meet together to discuss what common action, if any, it was desirable they should take in regard to the question of education. They heard much said the other day, and they must all have read a peculiarly interesting expansion of the views which were promul gated at their meeting in a newspaper which appeared on the follovvinz day. He could not help thinking that if they had a right to meet together at all— and he would grant that that was open to question— (laughter)— then surely of all subjects they had most right to meet on waa anything conperning the educa tion of the youDg. He questioned whether they would find any oody of men belonging to any one vocation of whom so many had takep an interest and a practical share^ in educational work as had ministers of leligion ; and there fore for that reason alone it seemed t6 him that they bad a right to meet together and to discuss any Bill relating to education which might be brought before the colony. : Then when they remembered that all of theni were in some form or other working under the command given by our blessed Lord, ' Feed my lambs,' he did not think that they could rerrain indifferent to the character of the in tellectual food which was supplied to the young ones who belonged to their flocks. (Hear, hear.) Then, secondly, exception had been taken to his calling a private meeting; but whether this was right or wrong he took the blame of it. His object was to ascertain if common action were possible, and he would have stultified himself had lie assented to the admission of reporters. As soon as the meeting was over he drew up a series of reso lutions and sent them to the newspapers. Turning to the subject of the day, he asked what other course could be proposed with reference to religious teaching in State schools than wa? embodied in the resolutions winch had been published. As to the exist ing recognition of religion by the State, he simply said that he wonid rather not have it. Nothing appeared to him so dangerous as for a school system to seem to relieve parents of responsibility without adequate provision f or the' discharge of that responsibility by the school. They were not dealing with what waa done outside school hours. That was beside the mark, It was not for the Government or for any Act of Parliament to say That should be done in regard to religious teaching outside school hours. They were in a free country where there was no State Church, and they did not expect that the Government would have anything to say on a subject like this. But the Government was re sponsible for the teaching that was given during school hours. In considering this question he had looked around to see what else was possible. He dared say some of them had read a letter which was written by Archdeacon Dove. Some of them might say it ..would be possible to encourage a system of education in which the Govern ment should make a grant for those scholars who passed the Inspector's examination in secular work, leaving the entire management of the religious instruction as well a3 the entire management of the school to those who built and who carried on the school. There were many persons to whom such a course as that would present stiong attraction. They had it in England, where it was known as the denominational system. There was no doubt that if widely established the deno minational system might be said in a certain sense to get rid of the religious difficulty. But he had two questions to ask about it — n*ret, could the system possibly work ? and, secondly, would the colony for a moment stand it? (Hear, hear.) First, to his mind it could not work. They must remember with what admirable care the Goverment had planted State schools everywhere. If they wanted to establish a denominational system of education they must provide their build iDgs, their teaching staff, and their furnitura, which the Government Inspector must be able to report upon as being efficient. They would have at the eame time to compete with the State schools and the Government teachers. He dared not reckon the cost of the erection or the maintenance of the schools if they were to cover the whole ground, but he believed the result would be that in a few favoured places religious teaching would bs given to the full satisfaction of the denomina tion which built the school, whilst elsewhere, because the denominational system had been adopted, no other kind of religious teaching would be provided or sanctioned. And, secondly, the colony would not stand it. The elcqucntspeechwhichMr.Coxmadeon Friday lust against the system he had ventured to embody in his resolution he could not help thinking was a speech addressed to the ghost of denominational education. His argu ments certainly did not apply to the state of things they desired to introduce. They didnot ask for any scheme of public taxation which would make a taxpayer contribute to the maintenance of another man's priest. Therefore he turned to the so-called unde nominational system; and he would like to say about this that he did not like the word ' undenominational.' The word 'unde- nominational' seemed to his mind to mean the least common multiple of religion which they could possibly find, whereas what they really did want was a denominational system which should not proselytize, but which would give them the greatest common measure of religion on which they could agree, He turned to the undenominational system, not because it was what he liked best, but because it was the best attainable for the colony. By supporting it he did not deny himself the right, nor .did he deny to any gentlemen who supported that system the right to found schools according to the requirements of their own denominations if they had the money to do it. But he did repudiate strongly the suggestion made in a newspaper that day, that by the action he was taking he was trying to get in the thin edge of the wedge. He did say that that was a very unfair insinuation. He did not deny that if he saw his way to establish Church of Eng land schools he would do it directly, but he wanted religious teaching for the whole of the colony, and he would approve of that system which would work the greote3t amount of good amongst the greatest num ber— (Hear, hear)— that was what he wanted, and was most anxious to have. His full belief was that the majority of the people of this colony, nay, the majority of English speaking people throughout the world, de sired religious education for their children. As regarded South Australia, the fact might be deduced from the result of the poll that was taken. Some people, however, took excep tion to that poll; and he would therefore ask them to extend their enquiry to the whole of the Australian Colonies. He produced a tabular statement, from which he argued that the _ prevailing feeling throughout the Aus tralian Colonies was in favour of religious instruction in schools. He then referred to America and Upper and Lower Canada, and said he had before him the most able report on primary education which had ever come from the pen of any one.man. He meant the report on' the schools of those countries by the Rev. James Fraser, who had since become the Bishop of Manchester. In that report he read concerning America :— ' It is true that everywhere under the system provision is made for reading the Bible, and almost every where provision is made for opening the work of the day with prayer.' Mi\ Fraser did not entirely approve of the character of the reli gious teaching given.in America. Still, the fact remained that it was given, and that what Mr. Fraser said still hela good he (the speaker) gathered from a speech made twoorthreeyears ago by an eminent statesman in New Zealand. In Upper and Lower Canada there was pro vision made in the common schools, and in what was known as the separate school sys tem for religious instruction. He next al luded to England, and said that in England two great systems existed side by side, namely,, the voluntary or denominational system, and the Bo?ra school system. In 1882 the Board schools gave accommodation for 1.298,746 children, and the voluntary schools for 3,239,574, while ihe numbers on the 'registers were 1,305,362- and 2,884,250 re spectively. The denominational schools were not going back as might have been expected ; and he would call their attention to this cir cumstance, that the increase on the average attendance of the preceding year in Church of England schools was, in 1881 19,000, and in 1882 48,000. The denominational system was expressly established to give reli gious instruction : and he thought the figures he had given proved that the people of England wanted such in struction. Seeing that the population of this colony was recruited to so large an extent from England, and seeing that the majority cf the people in England and the Australian Colonies were in favour of re ligious instruction in schools, he did think they would not be doing right if they did not endeavour to devise some plan for re ligious instruction which would be acceptable to the people of this colony. The right rev. gentleman then referred seriatim to the reso lutions he had drawn up. He said he did not think he need say anything about the first and socond resolutions, unless it were to add that they would never get children to attend religious instruction given outside school hours. There were difficulties in regard to the distance to travel, the^ home requirements, the strong attraction of the playground, and the ' dislike in the. childs mind to appear to be religious when there was any disposition on the part of school-fellows to make light of it. The third resolution said that 'such Bible teacbing should not be of a denominational character.' What he distinctly wished to avoid was the idea that there would be any proselytizing by particular denominations ; and he thought this resolution would serve that purpose. The fourth resolution waa about the conscience clause ; and he asked them to observe that he had not there specified who it was that should give the religious in struction. Be did not see why the master or mistress should not give that instruction ; but the resolution did not bind them down to that. Some persona thought that a difficulty would arise owing to teachers being required to give instruction that was contrary to their con science. Knowing that Bishop Barry had sat for several years on the London School Board ^ he took {the opportunity of ask ing him when he waa here the other day if he had found that any difficulty of that kind was experienced. He replied, 'Certainly not. It is true the teachers begin their work with the knowledge that they are expected to give religious instruc tion in accordance with the regulations of the Board ; but you will find that the diffi culty is one which solvtiur amhulando.' And he (the speaker) must say he thoroughly en dorsed those sentiments. As to the children who did not attend the instruction given, there would be no necessity for them to stand outside shivering in the cold ; they could remain' in the school, and go on with their regular studies under the . care of what might be an assistant. But he honestly did not think that they would find that, with the exception of Catholics and Jews, any parents would object to religious instruction, He had seen children of many different de nominations receiving religious instruction together; and he found that under the London School Board children were never withdrawn although the School Board system was in opposition to the denominational school system and was supported by_ persons who were supposed to object to the introduc tion of religion into day-schools. The fifth resolution was to the effect that the Bible readiDg and teaching should be the same in character as tmder the London School Board, which had provided for instruction in selected passages of Holy Scripture. The regulation of the London School Board on the subject waa as follows, viz.: — 'In the schools provided by the Board the Bible shall be read, and there shall be given such ex planations and such instruction t'uerefrom in the principles of morality and religion as are suited to the capacities of the children, pro vided always that in such explanations and instruction the provisions of the Act in sec tions VII. and XIV. be strictly observed both in letter and spirit, and that no attempt be made to attach cnildren to any particular denomination, During the time ot religious teaching or observance any children v/ith drawn from such teaching or observance shall receive separate instruction on secular subjects.' 'A syllabus of sub jects of Bible instruction for one month in advance must be prepared by the teacher and forwarded to the Clerk of the Board at the beginning of each month.' The sections of the Act referred to were as follows:— VII. '1. It shall not be required as a condition of any child being admitted into or continuing in the school that he shall at tend or abstain from attending any Sunday school or any place- of religious worship, or that he shall attend any religious observance or any instruction in religious subjects in the school or elsewhere from which observance or instruction he may be withdrawn by his parent, or that he shall, if withdrawn by his parent, attend the school on any day ex clusively set apart for religious observancsby the religious body to which his parent be longs. 2. The time or times during which any religious observance is practised or in struction in religious subjects is given at any meeting of the school shall be either at the beginning or at the end or at the beginning and at the end of such meeting ; and any scholar may be withdrawn by his parent from such observance or instruction without for feiting any of the other benefits of the schools,' &c.; XIX. 'No re lipipus catechism or religious formality which is distinctive of any particular denomination shall be taught in the school,' &c.; The Bishop, continuingj said he had tried to express as well as he could what he felt about' this matter. He earnestly hoped that they might be able to- unite together in some attempt to give a religious character to the. teaching of our young. He knew of no easier way of bringing this about than by the adoption of the principles embodied in the resolutions he had placed before them. He therefore recommended them to the meeting, and he trusted that such influence as they might happen to possess might be utilized in spreading the same principles which they themselves held with many others, and that, with God's blessing, they might get Hia holy Name reverenced and feared in the State schools of the colony. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman then moved the first resolution as' follows : — 'That no system of instruction in our State schools is regarded by us as suincient which does not include Bible reading and teaching.' The Rev. H. T. Buegess seconded the motion. '. The Rev. D. Patok moved as an amend ment— 'That no system of education can be regarded by us a3 sufficient which does not include Bible teaching or religious instruc tion, but that it is no part of the duty of the State to make provision for that.' He said they must distinguish between Bible reading and Bible-teaching, which were not at all equivalent or commensurate. The questions ought to be kept separate. Some thing \raB to be said for the one which could not be said for the other. Whether the State ought to make provision for Bible-reading was a proposition which ought to be con sidered on its own merits. His reasons for moving the amendment were— First, because if the State, aa such, meddled withthereligiou3 convictions of its subject in any manner what ever, either in the way of prohibition or enforcement, it exceeded its own proper functions. What was the State? _ Every component member of the body politic repre sented by the Legislature and the Government of the time being.fl What were its functions ? To provide security for person and property, to administer law and justice, to control and adjust the financial affairs of the country, to regulate, in one word, all ite domestic and foreign policy as a political institution or a social organization. If it took sides for or against any of the religious parties or factions that prevailed it usurped an authority not its own. His second reason was that if it was the duty of the State to provide the minimum it was no less its duty to provide the maximum of religions teaching — if in small, then in large doses ; if for the young, then for the old; in fine, for the whole community. That was, in other words, to build, establish, and support Churches and such-like institu tions. His third reason was that if provision was made out of the common public ex chequer for fulfilling the wishes of nine-tenths of the community provision should also be made from the same source for meeting the desire of the other tenth, otherwise under the guise of religion a serious political injustice would be perpetrated, and tne consciences of not a few good and honest men violated in the act besides. His fourth reason was that any proposition of that sort seemed to proceed upon a misapprehension in regard to religion —in regard, that was, to the communication or awaking of a truly religious spirit. How should men if not themselves religious succeed in making others, young or old, religious? Was it not strange that indiscriminate re ligious teaching, as it was called, should be advocated in an assembly of men who pro fessed to believe in conversion as a necessary prerequisite to all genuine religious precept or example ? To supply human beings with tho husks of religion would never make them religious. WTiat was required was men whose souls were imbued with religion, and these could not be manufactured by processes either of public agitation or legislative enactment. Rev. F. W. Cox seconded the amendment, which he said waa exactly in harmony with his own feelings. He was impressed with the last argument used by Mr. Paton, and lie did think that religious truth could not be incul cated by the mere reading of a book, however excellent and valuable that book might be. He contended that the State had its duties which were limited, and that it should not go beyond those duties. It was not the duty ? of the State to teach religion ; and he did not think any good results would accrue from the adoption of what in effect was a system of public denominational education. Difficulties would ensue, and aptagonisms would be created between the different religious bodies which would be injurious to the cause of Christianity. He loved the Bible as much as any man, but if the reading of the Bible in State schools would be an occasion of vexa tion and strife he would have it excluded. And under similar circumstances he would, to use an illustration that was not his own, exclude Shakspeare. Rev. A. W. Webb supported the resolu tion, because he considered it was the duty of the State to afford instruction in ethics, and the Bible was the book from which such in struction should be derived. He would be satisfied with the system adopted in New South 'Wales, where the Irish School Lessons were employed. In Sydney he waa accus tomed for many |ycars to visit the principal schools weekly and to give instruction to children', of his own denomination. The system worked so admirably that .Sir Henry Parkes, in advocating a system of religious instruction, had stood by this system. It was now universally adopted in the colony,! and the denominational system had gradually given place to a public school system in which thelrish School Lessons were used to impart religion, and ministers of religion were allowed to visit .the schools and to give such dogmatic teaching as they thought necessary to the children of their own denomination. Rev. Thomas Lloyd expressed his ap proval of the resolution, and contended that the present system of education, which made no provision for religious instruction, was un satisfactory to the people of the cplony, and ought to be revised. It was said it was not the duty of the State to teach religion ; but the State did teach religion now, inasmuch aa whenever a person was convicted to the Stockade a Bible-reader was sent to him. They waited till the evil was done, aud then sought to apply the remedy. (Applause.) Lean Russell said he was a radical to the centre of his nature, but he did not consider it belonged to true liberalism or to true radicalism to treat with brutal contempt the reasonable desire of the parents of children who wished to see a good system of education established amongst us. It was with e othing else than brutal contempt that their reason able wishes had up to the present time been treated. He rose to support the resolution, and to state the grounds of his objection to the amendment. Mr. Matthew Arnold had said that the larger portion of life consisted of conduct. If that were so he thought that he might affirm that it was the duty of those who were entrusted with the education of the young to devote their attention especially to conduct, and to give the children' such instruction as would enable them by-and-by to be good citizens. Was it in the function of the State to address itself to education at all? That question had been determined, and if there arose certain difficulties as to the extent to which moral and religions : training should go, it was not for the 'State to refuse to face the responsibility. He thought religious instruction should be given, and his knowledge of the colony led him to the belief that the number of teachers or parents who would raise any objection to the arrangement would be infinitesimally small. He had esta blished in connection with his own Church a school which was attended by 200 children. Three thousand children had passed through that school, and although he had taught the Apostle's Creed and the Ten Commandments, there had only been one instance in which any objection had been raised by a parent to the instruction imparted. He did noi know who would compose the new Parliament, but his prayer was that some men would get into the House who would have a true sense of the deep moral responsibility resting upon them with regard to this question, Canon Green argued that the State had a right to deal with religious questions. He did not look on the State as merely the representative of public opinion. He could not help remembering some of the words of Scripture— 'It is by One kings reign and princes decree justice.' And whether rightly or wrongly he looked on the State as the representative of the Supreme Governor of Heaven. He thought, therefore, 'that the State had a perfect right, and ought, in the exercise of its divine functions, to treat any subjects which— and he said it with reverence — the great God himself would teach if He were here. There could be no subject more dear to the heart of our Lord, who gave the commission ' Feed my lambs' than that of the education ol the young ; and tho State was bound to deal with this subject, and failed in its duty if it did not do so. ? Some men doubted whether there had been a Divine Providence guiding the forming of Governments in thia colony. When he renounced the Devil and all his works, he put foremost amongst hiB work* the present Education Act. (Laughter.) The Rev. R. S. Casely supported, the amendment, and contended that the resolution meant State aid to religion. These who wanted religious instruction could get it now outside school-hours, and iu his opinion the eight thousand signatures to the poll that had been taken were not worth the paper they were written upon, : The Rp.v. J, Bickford said he had intended moving as an amendment that the word 'teaching' be omitted from the resolution. He did not go so far as Mr. Paton, but when the resolutions were altered he would have to vote for his proposition. The amendment was then submitted to tho meeting, and was negatived, six voting for, and twenty-three, including the Chairman, acainst. The Rev. James Lyall moved as a second amendment—'1 That, as the Bible has exerted a powerful influence upon our modern civili zation, and is an integral portion of the literature of the world ; and as no other de partment of literature is excluded by Statute from the State schools, thia meeting is of opinion that the Education Department ought to make provision for the reading as a part of the work of the school of selected poitions; such selected portions to be read simply as literature without dogmatic teach ing of any kind.' Rev. J. Y. Simpson seconded this amend ment, which was strongly opposed by Canon Ghees, who said he would rather the Bible were not read at all than that it were read Bimply as a work of literature. The Rev. J. Bickford sympathized with the remarks of Canon Green, The amendment wa3 lost by twenty- three rotes to six, and the original motion was then submitted and parried, twenty-one voting for and se^en against. The Bishop moved the next resolution— ' That it is essential that such Bible reading and teaching shall be given during school hours.' The Rev. H. T. Burgess seconded this motion, and commented on the ignorance that existed amongst children in regard to tho Scriptures. The head teacher of a large school, tola 'Efin that not one In fifteen of hia scholars knew the Ten Commandments. The Rev. J'. Biokfoed moved as an amend ment—' That, a8 Bible reading and teaching by the master or head teacher cannot be appropriately observed during the ordinary routine of school work without seriously in terfering with the due order and efficiency of the daily exercises of the Bchool, this meeting is of opinion that the only available timo for such religious exercises as Bible reading and teaching should be provided before the hour appointed for commencing ordinary school work, but that in every instance it shall be optional with the master or head teacher to give Bible reading and teaching to the school; and, further, that it shall be also optional with the parents to permit their children to attend sucn exercises or not.' This amendment was not seconded, and the resolution was carried with only one dissentient. The Bishop moved the third resolution— ' That such Bible teaching shall not be of a denominational character.1 The Rev. T. Llotd seconded this motion. Rev. J. B. Stefhessox moved as an addition to the resolution that such religious teaching 'shall be given only by appointed teachers of the school.' Dean Russell seconded this motion, which was supported by the Rev. H. T. Bukgess and the Kev. F. Williams (Head Master of St. Peter's College). The latter said he thought the public were apprehensive that tho power to give religious instruction would be used as a means of proselytizing. . The adoption of this addition to the resolution would tend to removs that impression. Rev. Silas Mead suggested the addition should take the following form :— ' And shall be given by the ordinary teacher, or it the the teacher conscientiously objects thereto, then by such other person as is approved by the Education Department.' Rev. J. B. Stephesson' accepted this as a substitue for his proposal ; and the resolu tion was then carried in its altered form. The Bishop moved the fourth resolution— 'That there shall -- be- a conscience clause in operation, under which no teacher shall be compelled to give such Bible-teaching con trary to his orlier convictions, and that no child shall receive such Bible-teaching con trary to the wish of his or her parents. Thi3 was secor.ded by Rev. J. Y. Simpson, and agreed to. The Chairman then moved the fifth and last resolution— 'That the general character of the Bible reading and teaching be on tho system adopted by the London School Board, which provides for instruction in selected passages of Holy Scripture.' This was seconded by Canon Greek. ' Rev. J. B. Stephexson moved as an ad dition the words — 'And in no casa shall a Government grant be made to a denomi national or private school.' He said ho did this because in a Bill that came before the HouBe of Assembly it was proposed that assistance should be given to private schools that did the standard work. Dean Russell- -would support the addition so far as the denominational schools were concerned, but not in regard to private schools. Canon Geeen objected to the resolution, because it would preclude them from at- any time asking the Government to adopt a system of payment by results. Dean Russell said he would like to have time to consider the proposal, because, after all, he thought the Roman Catholics deserved more consideration from the State than they had hitherto received. Archdeacon Fakr was of the same opinion. He said he was quite willing to join in this movement in favour of religious education in State schools, but he would prefer payment by results. Several gentlemen said they would oppose any grant to denominational schools, but could not see their way to vote for the addi tion which, had been moved, which was in opportune, and would create dissension amongst them when they ought to be unani mous, The Bisiiop said he could not accept the addition as an amendment. He put the resolution, which was carried. The Rev. J. B. Stephexsox then proposed the addition as a resolution, and said he was anxious the public should be assured there would be eo State aid given to denominational education. The Rev. J. Bickford seconded the reso lution. DeanRussELL moved theprevious question. This waa seconded by the Rev. Jonx McEwin, and carried by a large majority. It -was afterwarda resolved, on the motion of Canon Gbeen, seconded by Canon Andrews — 'That a committee, consisting of the Revs. H. T. Burgess, J. McEwin, S. Mead, E. Rorke, and Canon Andrews be ap pointed to act with the Bishop for the pur pose of taking whatever action may be neces sary for bringing the resolutions agreed to before the proper authorities.' : The meeting then closed with prayer. 