THE MAY REVIEWS. la the nineteenth Century Mr. J. Seymour Keay continues his impeachment of the ad ministration for the 'Spoliation of India' under the head of ' Rackrenting the Land and the Water.' ' If an Irish tenant were put under this system, he would find out in 'three short months that the little finger of the Anglo-Indian official is thicker than the loins of an Irish landlord. ' Mr. Keay asserts that as regards the produce, the price, and the cost of cultivation, the calculations of the ?valuators are all fallacious except for revenue purposes ; the two first being over-estimated and the third under-estimated, while the extra assessment on account of water privileges, even though the water is the produce of wells which the ryot has himself sunk, is unsparing and excessive. Well-digging is almost the 'only permanent improvement within the power of the penniless ryot, but if the water in this well can be traced in any way to Go vernment tanks, through percolation, or to river valleys, the tax is imposed. ? Miss Octavia Hill's paper read before the Kyrle Society, is adapted for this review under the title of 'Colour, Space, and Music for the People.' These, though secondary things to religion and family ties, have their value, and may be largely made to minister to the higher objects of human attainment. We know what admirable work this lady has done among the poorest classes in London, but she tells us that there is a morbid desire for horrors on the part of the public, and an indifference which appears to her small and mean, about helping industrious, thrifty, working people, who show no evidence of want. 'I should like to go where there is condensed misery,' a lady said lately in the cheeriest tone. Not only is there good work to be done in brightening the lives of the miserable, but it may aid in elevating the lower classes to know that the life of the respectable poor has it3 pleasures and its tastes. The Kyrle Society has as its object the raising and the satisfying the sense of beauty among the poor. Mr. Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, who is an Arab-lover in all senses, writes on the forthcoming race at Newmarket by horses of pure Arabian blood, and he gives his own experience as an Arab breeder, recommending the example to all who have £500 a year to expend on— happiness. Mr. Swinburne takes the second part of hi3 subject, suggested by Mr. Matthew Arnold's estimate of Wordsworth and Byron. We do not always agree with Mr. Swinburne any more than with- Mr. Arnold, but both have the power of expressing their opinions with force, and with wonderful fascination of style. And this study of Wordsworth has given us so much delight, the illustrations are so felicitous, the discrimination between his best work — which reaches the highest in lyrical poetry— and his average work, and his inferior, flat, wearisome work which falls as low as anything in the way of poetry, appears to us so admirable that we recom mend it heartily to the Iover3 of the muse. We are inclined to demur at some incidental criticism of other poets and other critics which is contained in this article ; but with regard to Wordsworth we think nothing could be better. Mr. Edmund Gurney and Mr. F. W. H. Myers, on 'Apparitions,' follow up the lines of their Thought-reading. They do not deal with ghosts of the dead, but with 'doubles' of the living, in the pre sent article, and they believe in them. ' The Mahdi,' by C. E. Stern, gives us the expectation, derived from the Koran and tradition, of the Messiah who is to bring in the Moslem millenium. There are various theories afloat about the present pretender to the title of Imam Mahdi, but the most authentic account is that of the Rev. Sheri dan Patterson, which makes him a native of Dongola, who ran away from his apprentice ship to his uncle after a severe beating, and entered himself a pupil of the Faki of the free school of Hoghali. Thence he went to Berber, and in 1870 was made a Faki or head of a sect of dervishes. Soon after he retired to a cave and began a series of f ast3 and mortifications. He, however, has far more wives than the Koran allows, and divorces the surplus number, and [remarries afterwards when it suits his pleasure. He says it will take forty years to establish his kingdom, and only two have yet passed— chequered certainly, but boasting consider able success. Sir Thomas Brassey's ' Voyage in the Sun beam in 1883' may be called a voyage of inspection of foreign establishments taken in a holiday by the Civil Lord of the Admiralty. Yachting men will be interested in the log, and there is a good deal of information in the paperjabout the West Indian Islands, Guiana, the Bahamas, the Bermudas, and the Azores, MiBs Rosalind Marryatt's paper on ' Sanitary Aid' shows the difficulties the poor in London have in getting nuisances abated and neces sary supplies of water procured. Where sanitary work has been best done it has had a distinct tendency to lower the value of bad property. Mr. Shorthouse, author of ' John Inglesant,' writes on Frederick Denison Maurice, whose lately published life has re awakened public interest in one of the most earnest and beloved men in the English Church. A wonderful change has pasBed over the religious world since Mi'. Maurice took orders fifty years ago, and he had much to do with the change. Sir Henry Parkes on ' Australia and the Im perial Convention,' and Mr. C. B. Norman's account of the 'Colonies of France' have been already dealt within the columns of the Register. Mr. Norman says that the revenue of New South Wales is nearly three times that of all the French colonies put together, and the relative extent of both groups of foreign and colonial possessions to home territory is to be seen in a diagram on the last page of the Review. As Max O'Rell says in ?rJohn Bull and his Island,' John Bull knows how to colonize. In the Contemporary Mr. Herbert Spencer continues his fulminations on the 'Sins of Legislators.' 'Be it or be it not true that man is shapes in iniquity, and conceived in bid, it is unquestionably true that govern ments is begotten of aggression, and by ag gression.' Originally the ethics of govern ment were identical with the ethics of war, and must long remain akin, to them. Though trial by battle has been only nomi nallyanalternativeformcftrialformanyalong day, and was definitely taken off the Statute books in 1819, there survives trial by battle under another form, counsel being the cham pions and purses the weapons. In civil cases the ruling agency cares scarcely more than of old about rectifying the wrongs of the injured, but practically its deputy does little else than to enforce the rules of the fight; the result being less a question of equity than a question of pecuniary ability and forensic skill. The truth of this we see in South Australia as clearly as in England. As to housing the poor, Mr. Herbert Spencer goes back to his first principles, that if the window tax was repealed, which has been done, the Building Act repealed, except the clauses that outside and party walls should be fireproof, the timber duties repealed, and an Act passed to facilitate the transfer of property to the discouragement of building leases, jthere would be no need of condemnation and compulsory destruction. The difficulties thrown in the way of the building of fourth- class houses by the Building Act and timber duties, and the destruction of many condemned as unfit for habitation, cause greater overcrowding than there would be if the business was free. ' At a cost of a million and a quarter to ratepayers the Metropolitan Board of Works up to September, 1883, had unhoused 21,000 persons and provided houses for 12,000s leaving 9,000 homeless. The space which accommodated 1,734 poor people else where has been made into a railway station.' The State's misdoings, however, appear to become, in the case of industrial dwellings, reasons for praying it to do more, while Mr. Spencer rather would have it give up its med dlings. In the words of the memorial adopted by a highly influential meeting, held under the Chairmanship of tL 3 late Lord Lyttelton, 'because there is a lamentable state of our whole arrangements with regard to public works, vacillation, uncertainty, costliness, extravagance, meanness, and all the conflicting vices that could be enumerated are united in our present system.' Still} Mr. Spencer would respect all existing rights, and would disapprove of those set forth in ' Anarchy by an Anarchist,' which is rather a startling title for a paper in a re view like the Contemporary. M, Elisee R6 clus says it is not with light 'hearts that his brethren encounter so much ill-will and 'oaa so precious an advantage aa popular sym pathy. ' Our first demand is for bread for all, next we require equality of rights. We Anarchists .vill never separate ourselves from the world to form a little Church or Society, ruled more or less by force. Here i8 our fighting ground in the world, and we remain in the ranks to give help where it is needed. Though our object is to live without government and without law, we are obliged in many^ things to submit. . . , It is not the rich and the powerful whom we devote to destruction, but the institutions which have favoured the birth and growth of these m ilevolent being3. . . . It is a constant fact that in all serious popular^movementa made for an idea, hope of a better time and. above all, the sense of a new dignity, fills the soul with high and magnanimous sentiments. So soon as the police, both political and civil, leave their; functions, and the masses become masters of the streets, the moral atmosphere changes; each feels himself responsible for the prosperity and contentment of all ; even professional criminals pause in their sad career, for they, too, feel something great is in the air. ... To us there is only one way of establishing peace and goodwill among men— the suppression of privilege and the recognition of right. . . . After so much hatred we long to love each other, and for this reason we are enemies of private property 'and despisers of the law.' Another article from a startling source is ' Ireland and the Franchise Bill,' by James Stephens, late Fenian Head Centre. As a Fenian he thinks no patriotic Irishman should take the Parliamentary oath. He looks on the policy of obstruction of Biggar and Par nell as childish, contemptible, and vexatious. He has no faith that even a larger number of more violent Irish Nationalist members will carry their point in a body so large as the British House of Commons, and though the coming franchise may return more violent men and reduce Messrs. Biggar and Parnell to obscurity, the only result will be that England must be content to rule Ireland as a conquered province in a state of siege. ' Ireland muBt be disfranchised and governed directly from Dublin Castle and Downing street until either that Government be over thrown by the force of Irish arms, or the Irish people will give up the hopes and dreams of centuries, and accept for evermore the rule of Great Britain in the land of their forefathers.' Mr. Stephens doe3 not say a syllable about dynamite, nor doss the Anarchist. A brief biographical article on ' Charles Reade' is from the pen'of the Rev. Compton Reade, probably a nephew. AH who admire Charles Reade's genius, industry, and earnest ness will be deeply interested in this sketch. There is also a literary and critical article on a living man— Cardinal Newman— by Mr. R. H. Hutton, of the Spectator, which has great value. It draws a contrast between Newman's life and work and that of Mr. F. D. Maurice, who, like him, and even more strikingly than he seems to have been, was haunted by a sense of the predominance of the Divine wilL The ascetic side of Romanism fascinated Newman. He forgot that side by side with 'the humble monk and holy nun' in whom Christ might recognise his own spirit, that form of faith moulded the tyrannical ecclesi astic, the pompous priest, the worldly and despotic Pope. The most striking of Newman's Oxford sermons was preached in 1839, on ' Unreal Words ;' and no one had more power to search out and expose and ridicule the weak side of Protestantism, Of this Mr. Hutton gives a sample, written in the scare of 1850. This conclusion of Mr. Hutton's is characteristic of the writer and of the time: — 'If any one asks] how one who is not a Roman Catholic can think the upshot of Dr. Newman's career an immense gain to the world, when he, more than any living Englishman, has done so much to make men Catholics, I should reply that in our age at least it is no small gain to have made the Roman Church interesting and intelligible to so many Protestants, and to have made at the same time a considerable number of Protestant convictions interesting and intelligible to so many Roman Catholics.' Archdeacon Farrar gives a translation of the recently discovered manuscript 'The Reach ing of the Apostles,' believed to be as old as the beginning of the second century. It is mainly made up of quotations and allu sions from the sacred writinga, chiefly gospels and epistles, but we can see no trace of the Fourth Gospel, though the synoptics are largely drawn from. Like the other writing3 attributed to the Fathers, it sends us back with renewed admiration to the gospels and epistles of the New Testament. Professor Freeman has a chapter on 'Some Neglected Periods of History,' the age of Polybius and the age of Procopius. Dr. Fothergill writes on 'The Logic of Pain,' and the Right Hon. Mr. Shaw-Lefevre defends the present mode of counting heads or names at elections, and scouts proportional repre sentation, or what he calls the 'Representa- tion of Minorities.' Space forbids us from entering into these. Professor C. K. Adams's 'Contemporary Life and Thought in the United States' is especially interesting as to what is doing and what is expected in the way of Civil Service reform, and on the attitude of America towards the makers and exporters of dynamite for destructive pur poses in England, on the eve of a Presi dential election, when the Irish vote is im portant. In the Fortnightly Mr. F. W. Myers, author of Wordsworth in the 'Men of Letters' series, well [known as a thoughtful and dis criminating critic of ancient and modern literature, writes ' Personal Recollections of the Duke of Albany,' which have peculiar interest at this time. Originally written for the Duchess only, it appears that this wider publication has been made at the request of the highest authority in the realm. The Duke appears to have inspired in Mr. Myers a strong affection. At Oxford the Prince's establishment was modest and simple, but bis subscriptions to public and philanthropic objects were most liberal. At Boyton, how ever, he showed much quiet hospitality, and managed to set the humbler of his guests at their ease, even when meeting others of the Royal Family, by Mb natural and graceful good-breeding and tact. The Duke would have liked to succeed the Marquis of Lome in Canada, and was disappointed when State reasons conferred the appoint ment of Governor-General elsewhere. He still hoped for a similar sphere of useful ness in Australia when his untimely, death put an end to his ambitions and activities. Mr. Myers is not only a litterateur, but as we have seen this month, he is conjoined with Mr. Gurney in his search for the true basis of what is accounted supernatural, and' the last interview which he had with Prince Leopold has a mysterious hint of double consciousness, and of an illusion appa rently real, Mr. Malcolm McColl, in 'Russia Revisited,' deprecates the sus picion and alarm with which Russian move ments and intentions are looked on.inEngland, He says what is probably quite true— that the Russians are far better informed on our affairs than we are on theirs— but that fact is a reasonable excuse for our apprehensions. An Autocracy can keep its intentions and much of its action secret, while a country with representative institutions must expose all to the light of day. 'A Manchester Conservative' writes on the Lords and the Reform Bill with temper and ability. Everything with regard to the reform of Upper Houses everywhere is of importance, and in the face of the extension of the suffrage it is of the greatest consequence that the time-honoured legislative body which may check hasty and ill-considered measures should not be swamped or be so vexatiously ob structive that it will be swept away. Earl De La Warr again points out some faults and blunders which, in his opinion, very seriously impair the benefits of the system of education in England. Mr. R. Campbell defends Lord Ripon's 'Indian Land Legislation,' which he considers is the best that has been attempted since the earliest settlement of the Company in India. Still nothing, even this, should be per manent; the Government must leave itself the right from time to time to revise its own regulations and readjust the claims as between landlord and tenant, for the raiyot (a new way of spelling the familiar ryot) is too poor and helpless to hold bis own, and we nave superseded the immemorial custom which used to prescribe terms and tenures for a more hard-and-fast legal system which often is felt as an intolerable hardship. 