Scientific and Useful. NERVOUS PROSTRATION. ¿aere is an unusual amount ox inness trna autumn i I of the type known as " nervous prostration" (says the Providence " Journal"). It is prevalent among j hardworked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them every night, and women who are worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how muoh we are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drainage, exercise,1 and other things which have an influence on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measure, it is of the first importance in many cases. Most physicians know what to do and when to do it, but a good deal of common sense is required to. discover how not to do something and when to let the patient alone. A combination of' drugging and fretting kills more than-half the sick people in the world) a man's ' enemies cannot do him near so muoh damage as his ! friends. The world is possessed with the notion that i when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, whilo pre* I ternatnrally wise and whispering doctors, sympathis : ing frionds, tearful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest. We have not vet, most of us, gotten rid of tho old notion of the ancients that diseaso is a personality, a Borne» thing that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally seizes hold of us ; something akin in the mmdß of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon, or witch, whioh only pills or potation can exorcise, kill or onre. We are con« fident that many a sonsible physician will Bay, if tho patient will let him, that two-thirds of all tho maladies of all tho people in the world would get well in a fow hours or days if left to themselves, with no other applianoes than suoh as instinct would sug gest or common sehso employ. But patients often estimate tho doctor's skill by the wonderfully wiso look whioh he assumes and the extent or variety of his prescriptions ; anda sick man's frionds hato to seem unsympathising, and BO are apt to be offioious. It is to bo understood, of oourso, that we are not speak ing of extreme casos, but of the treatment of most of the illa whioh flesh is heir to-the troublos whioh como upon ovor-worked men and women, BO many of whom we find ail around ns in this pushing com petitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that be impossible we oan only pity them. 