THE PRETTIEST WOMAN IN WARSAW. BY MABEL COLLINS, Author of "An Innocent Sinner," "The Story of Helena Modjeska," "In the Blower of Her Youth," Ac., &c.; CHAPTER XIX. Arthur Dene went away from Lady Amber's reception a good deal bewildered at what Wanda bad said to him. It seemed to him a little absurd, in the nineteenth century, to send to a young lady staying"; among her connections a dagger for her self defence. He could not help thinking that Wanda was imaginative, and that the dangers to which Zadwiga might he exposed were exaggerated by her words. At the same time there could be no harm in sending Zadwiga a dagger. He had given her while in Warsaw everything else that he could think of; it was rather pleasant to have something fresh to Bend her. He did not attach any importance to Wanda's words that the dagger must be one fitted for serious work, and yet be could not altogether shake off a curious sense of real alarm which she had for the moment fully given to him. He reminded himself that, after all, races differ, and a Roumanian chateau might possibly be a very different place from an English country houBe. Then in these moments he regretted very sincerely that he had ever allowed Zadwiga to go to the Chateau Roman; but what could he have done better—what other coarse was open to_ him? And, indeed, it still appeared to him a very admirable place for her to stay until their marriage was announced. Wanda had spoken with a certain bitterness, and with an intensity of feeling which assured him that she nad suffered something herself from the Ghyka family; but still, he argued, she was sen sitive, imaginative, highly nervous; it was possible that to her excitable temperament mere trifles might appear very seriouB. Zadwiga was not alone: that was one final comfort. Nevertheless, he resolved that her stay in the Chateau Roman should _ be as short as possible, and in the meantime he determined to buy and to send her the dagger, and to tell her the message which Wanda had given him about it, Wanda's directions should be fulfilled; he would get the dagger and it should be one fit for use, and Zaawiga would very readily obey the injunction to keep it always at hand. He smiled to himself, thinking that the fact of its being his last gift to her would ensure this. The first thing in the morning he went out for the purpose of obtaining the weapon, which was to be a thing perfect of its kind. He had written to Zaawiga while Wanda's words were still fresh in his memory, and had the letter and the dagger packed up together and sent to her at the Chateau Roman. This done, there was no longer any excuse for delay; he drove to the station ana took his ticket for Denecourt. Denecourt was the name of his home, but it covered also the villages near which it stood, and indeed a large district. Away in Warsaw family pride had a strong hold upon him. In London he had felt its reality more deeply. But as he neared Denecourt ] he began to realize it as the most important thing in the world. For a long distance round Denecourt the Denes were the greatest people in the neighbourhood, and as Arthur was carried into the familiar country all the strength of his early training returned upon him. He felt again the fuU responsibilities of his position. The burden of them had seemed so mnch lighter when he was away in Russia! There he had been nobody, here it seemed, all in a moment, as if every one else waB nobody, and as if what he did was ' important to all the world. The sense of this had even in his boyhood oppressed him a little; but still he had been proud of it; eroud of his position, of his name, of his ] ome, of his family; now there was some thing like shame stirring within him. This famuy pride, after all, waB not a reality. His love for Zadwiga was something so much fresher—so much more human, so much more living—and yet it must stand aside—it must be kept in the dark, Zadwiga herself must be hidden away in that distant Roumania, until this ghost-like spirit of family pride could be propitiated. But there was no escaping from it. He might call it ghost like m his own mind, he might say that it had no actual existence; but to say so waB like denying the material substance of the world in which we live; we may.deny it intellectually, but physically we have to allow for it all the same. So it was with Arthur. To oppose all the traditions of his family, to shock the feelings and the pride of his parents, to cause a nine days' wonder among the society of his neighbourhood, all | this was too real to be lightly attempted. He had telegraphed from town for his dog cart, which stood awaiting him at the station, and as he drove home, nis favourite mare between the shafts and his favourite dogs I barking in front, he wondered whether all [ that he had. lately passed through was not | some dream, which had arisen out of Ids imagination. Here were the old familiar pastures, here was the very road which belonged to him, or would belong to him before long. He entered the park, and drove up through the long avenue to the house. It was all the same, nothing altered, every thing in that admirable preservation which made Denecourt a show place of the county. The instincts of the landed proprietor were very strong in Arthur, and after all he waB glad to be at home again, but he would have liked to have been at home without a secret. If be could have entered Dene court with Zadwiga at his side, then, indeed, the place would have seemed twenty times more lovely. Arthur was welcomed with the greatest delight by the servants and the dogs. His father was unable to leave his room, but his mother, when she heard the dogcart arrive, came hurrying downstairs. Mrs. Dene was the very embodiment of dignity. She was a charming woman, a clever woman, possessed of virtues and of grace, but before everything else she was dignified. Nothing but the j arrival of her son would have made her hurry her steps, but for him she almost ran like a girl, and she was trembling when she met bim. Arthur had been so long away, so much longer than she expected, that it was like a wonderful event to her to see him enter the house again. He was-wanted for many things. His father needed him, the estates needed him, and a thousand matters required his attention, but most of all his mother wanted him. In him all her hopes were centred; she lived in the thoughts of his future; for not only was Arthur her only son, but her only child, and Mrs. Dene had reached that time of life when a woman lives in her children. Arthur's marriage was a subject always in her thoughts. She said little about it, but her mind was continually fixed upon that event, and upon the difference it would make at Denecourt. She most earnestly desired it, for Arthur's sake, for her own, and for the sake of the family and position. And whom would Arthur marry? Sometimes she would ask this of her husband, or he of her, but it had not yet been more openly discussed than this. 