CURRENT TOPICS. AYe understand that it is contemplated to call a meeting of the leading residents of Camperdown shortly in order to arrange for an excursion to Gcelong orQuecus cliffe independent of places further up the line. It is contended that there is a sufficiently large juvenile population to arrange for one or two special trains. The matter is in the hands of a few ener getic individuals, and with the assistance of the Boards of Advice, the arrangements ought soon to be perfected. The children from Cobden, Xaroghid, Carpendeit, Pombomeit, and even as far away as Teranjr, it is proposed, will be allowed to participate in the excursion. The Anglican Bishop of Ballarat is visit ing this ]M>rtion of hi* diocese, and held a confirmation on Sunday last, at St. Paul's Church, Camperdown. Fourteen candi dates were presented, by the incumbent, the Rev. .1. Hutchinson. The bishop gave an address in the course of the service. After dwelling on the deep interest involved in a continuation for every class among the spectators, and above all for the candidates, he pointed out that the most inijwrtant part of the service was, not the promise made by the candidates, but the benedictory prayer and imposition of hands. Of the former, the watch-words were " defend;" " continue;" " increase ;',' ideas which the j bishop expounded; of the latter, the significance was. the bestowal on the 1 candidate of that gift from outside him self, without which the confirmation now will be presumption. He begged nil to join heartily in the prayer, .and audibly in the Amen that closed it: the answer they might expect to it for the candidates was nothing less than the gift of the Holy Ghost The church was full. In the afternoon, the Bishop drove through pouring rain to Cobden, where he preached from Luke xix, L. to a lar-'e congregation. In the evening, the bishop preached at St. Pauls's to a very full congregation, from Exodus xxiv, 11. lie shewed that to the feast on Sinai to which the ciders of Israel were bidden, when the Mosaic covenant had been ratified by bloodsprinkling, corrcsi>onded the supper to which Christ's people were invited, now that the true, just sacrifice had brought man into fellowship with God : and that the privilege enjoyed by the Israelite elders, —tho spiritual vision of God Himself.—was the special bleuing enjoyed in the Holy Communion. Close attention prevailed. The offertories at St. Pauls were nearly £<>. Tire monthly .ittinj* of the Camper down Curt of Petty Sesjion* will be held I in the Court-house," Manifold Str.-et. on Thursday at 11 a in. Th? business will c pri?u tho consideration of thu annual | applications for publican.' and uthcr licens-s. The ordinary list c>ntuus nothing of importance beyond two charge* of iiisultiiitf behaviour, and the ordinary route of debt clcs. If til- summons i"? served in time tliuru will also lie ? i ca?e under tho Sob Act in refer- j mice to drivlns! sheep, which will ' doubtless po^om. some feature* of in- I terest to landowner, in this neighborhood, j The residents of Port Campbell are naturally very wroth with the hoii. X. riiornley and other nwrnl-r,, ~f I\,li;i- r -ment at the rash an.l incorrect itate- ! menu that have hwn ma,l? r-^rdin ■• the nature ..f the cuntry north of the Port. Camphell. In fact i>. .in s rj- are th<-y that hiiiw forest fanii^rn fcll^e th,-ir property has l>een seriously d-prcciated in value by ! theallei!nti.iii?,n in;:*. The inhabitant* of th- portpr.ip,.,. j to burn one or two peopl.- ii, elli'v. l'.y ] yesterday a tr.i,,, Mr. Widdicomii-. p.-- r ■ident of the Port Campbell railway l-aju-, proceeded to Stelbounie t o tike step* to have the hon. X. Thornley's steteineuta! contradicted, if pouible, on the floor of j the House. Mir. C. Cillaway has courteously placed at uurdis|n'sal the record of the rainfall at Cowley'.H Creek for the month of Jfovcmber, 18*1. Rain fell on ciirht daj-g to the amount of 2-"9 inches nukinz a trtsl fsr th* ystr el 39 ? irnhw; Km. Hkw Bfcmr, of ~W?mi?jiit?, narrowly aacmpcd (sailing with a very serious accident last night. Be wu driving a taig^y and pair atony Manifold street, and ?hen opposite the Victoria dining room*, the horse* ihied at tome <.liject. and swerving to one side, snapped the pole. The pole got between the leas of the animals and caused them to kick viciously. The driver attempted to pall them up, but in consequent of the breaking of the pole he had lost control over them, and they again swerved off the toad, upaet the baggy, and Mr. Shaw was thrown out on the cround, but fortunately received no in jury. The nonet freed thenuelvea from the trap, and galloped madly down the f troct in a westerly direction. They were first of all brought up by a tree-guard, which they "surrounded." The collision canted the harness to give way, and the animal* then parted company and went off out of sight in opposito directions. The body of the buggy, strange to say, was uninjured, but the pole and other accessories were considerably damaged. TnE members of the Presbyterian Church Cobden,havebehavednobiy toward their minister, Mr. Elliot, who met with •o serious an accident a few weeks ago. Tho Rev. W. Thomson, as moderator of the charue. mot the members of the coin mittoc on Thursday last, to discuss mat ters in connection with the future supply, with them. The moderator explained to the members present the exact position of affairs, and stated that Mr. Elliot would scarcely be Able to resume work for ?mo tim? to come, as it was necessary he should have change of air. Mr. Thomson was infonued that the committee were prepared to give Mr. Elliot three months' leave of absence, on full anlary, and to raise a ?urn of £T>o to meet the expenses of a pulpit supply for that period. The moderator has made arrangements for two Sundays, and was authorised to arrange as most advisable for the balance of the I term. Mr. Thomson is in correspondence with the Assembly committee, to secun the service* of a minister for the time being. Mr. Elliot in at present in Tylden with tome friends, an'l is said to be enjoying fair health considering the long journey ho undertook. The many friends of Mr. George Brown, son of thu respected stonemason of this town, have learned with regret of hii very sev-re illness. The youn- man went to Gcelong with his father about a fortnight ago, and whilst there was seized with sudden indisposition. He was brought home the same day, and has since boen unable to leave his bed. Yesterday there was seemingly a slight improvement in his condition, and hopes are entertained of a speedy recovery. THE studio of our local photographer, Mr. Davis, will well repay a visit at the present time. He is doing some work at present which requires more than ordinary ability in his line, and the manner in which it is being completed reflects the highest credit on him. Mr. Davis has lately been reproducing scenes from the Park, and one view in particular is very meritorious. There is another rural scene in which a great deal of ground has been included, and the trees, &c.;, are con- sequently very minute. They have been faithfully reproduced, however, and the picture altogether is remarkably clear and good. We notice that Mr. Davis has a talent for coloring, which is a specialty in the art of photography. Some photo- graphs that had been enlarged to almost life size from an ordinary carte, and colored, were really admirable. Now that the summer season is approaching, we have no doubt that Mr. Davis will find his studio rather small for the work he will be called upon to do. The death is announced in another column of the wife of Mr. John Ryan, farmer, of Kariah. Some time ago some iiinuhors of her family were removed within a short period of time, by death, and the deceased is said never to have rallied from the blow she then sustained, but has been ailing ever since, fir eat sympatliv is felt for the bereaved hus band. The funeral will take place to morrow, and the remains will be interred in the Camperdown general cernet?iy. Tiie weather yesterday was disagree able, and a hot wind, about the first of the season, prevailed during a greater part of the day. A change set in towards evening, and rain was falling steadily last night Dckisg the week ended yesterday, 403 bales of wool wen forwarded by rail from Camperdown. A xeeixxo of the committee of the Camperdown Rifle Club was held on Thursday night in the Mechanics' Insti | tute. A number of members handed, in their subscriptions, and the hon. secretary was instructed to send at once for a supply of rifles, ammunition, Ac Arrangements were also completed with reference to the erection of targets, and it is expected that full practice will be com menced next week. The pigs are said to have commenced their annual depredations on the fanrn and gardens in this district. Complaints have been made that a large number are at large in the township. The farmerx at North Purrumbete have to keep their attention pretty well to their crops so as to drive away the swine. The annual race meeting of the Camper down Amateur Turf Club will be held on December 2C, Boxing Day. The pro gramme comprise*, a Maiden Plate of 10 soys.; handicap Hurdle Race of 15 soys.; Tiruboon Handicap of 20 soys. ; District plate of 10 soya. ; half mile Handicap of 8 soys ; pony Race of o soys. ; Consolation Race. Nominations for all handicap events must be lodged with the hon. secretary. Mr. John Neylon. at the Commercial hotel, not Liter than 10 o'clock to-night. The weights will apjiear in die CirunUU of 13th inst. Is another column are published tho nominations for the various handicap events in connection with the Terang races on Now Year's Day. It will be olwerved that these have filled up well, and a first-rato day's racing may therefore lie anticipated. The secretary informs us that at a meeting of the Stewards held on Saturday night it was decided to put wings to the steeplechase jumps ; also to enlarge the saddling paddock, and to make another horse paddock so that persons bringing feed for their horse* can tie up the animals. The public will then have the option of turning their horses loose in the present paddock, or securing them in the new enclosure. Tho stewards, we learn, intend to do only what is needful on the ground this year in the shape of improvement* and they contemplate erecting a grand stand, and otherwise improving the course next year. In reference to the nomination*, some cimu to hand too late to be accepted by j the stewards. These comprised two for the Steeplechase and three for the Hurdles. The honorary magistrates, solicitors, and other peraom having business to transact at thu Terang jMrfico court were put t _; Wednesday last. Aftor the alterations in the district came into force, it was ! ! intimated in our columns that Mr. Taylor, tho new stiriendiary magistrate having I jurisdiction in the court, had fixed the tirat Wednesday of each month, as tho day on which the Terang court would be held. The arrangement worked very well until Wednesday last, when it was found that Mr. Taylor had altered thu day without publicly notifying the same. It is understood now that the Terang court will sit in futui* on th? •soond Tuesday ci th? ramthi TnMkctonofth?Heyta*tnf7 form* wiU doubtle? be pleued to Imtii that tho winter postal arrangements are ■till in. existence. The order to change the times of leaving Cobdem, of which mention wa? nude in our list issue, has been conceited, and henceforth mail* for Port Campbell •will be dispatched from Cobdeu on tho morning of Wednesday and Saturday of each week as usual. At the Cauiperdown Polico Court on Monday, before Mr. J. H. Peebles, J.P., a well- known individual, Thomas O'Donnell, wa? charged with having been drunk and disorderly. The offiince was aggiavated in consequence of the prisoner being lined for a similar offence a f?w days before. O'Donnell was fined 40s, in default four teen days' imprisonment in the ficelong gaol. Another offender, named James Robertson, was fined 10a, in default twenty-four hours' imprisonment. A special sitting of the Camperdown Court of Petty Sessions was held yester day morning for the issue of hawkers' and pedlars' licenses. Sfessra Peebles and M'Crae, J's.P.. adjudicated, and issued a license to Arthur Bell, of Darlington. At the same court one inebriate was dis charged. The residents of Terang are endeavour ing to raise funds for the purpose of building a new Mechanics' and Temper ance Hall, in their pretty little town. With this ul held in the Temperance Hall, Terang, on Wednesday 31st insL, and the three following days. The animal Mechanics Institute ball will be held on New Years' night As the people of Terang generally throw all their energies into these move ments, there can be no doubt that the iiazaar ?fee, will result in a financial success. Ax elderly man named James Elder, who had been remanded on bail on a charge of committing an outrage on a girl named Sarah Bennetts, 10 years and three months old, at Terrick Terricks East, committed suicide by drowning. The Right Rev. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, went through Camperdown yesterday to 'Warrnamlxv'l. Sctertstexdest Toohey arrived in Camperdown on Monday night. He is on an official visit of inspection to this portion of his district. Is order to keep pace with the demands for educational facilities in tho vicinity of Port Campbell, the Education Depai tinent has decided upon the erection of a second school, at the unanimous request of the heads of families thereaway. The School Board hay* all along recognised the (gravity of the situation, and backed up by members of Parliament representing this district in both Houses, hare at last succeeded in gaining the approval of the Department. It ia to be hoped, therefore, that prompt uteps will be taken to erect the new building before winter sets in, as the roads in that region are simply impaas able even after slight showers. Tha people are very grateful to those people who have interceded for them, also to the Board which has kindly exerted itself. Tub following application for a license has been approved under section 19 of tho Land Act, 1569, as amended by the Land Act 1878 :—John Port, 251 acres, Car pe mleit. As Christmas Day falls on a Thursday and Boxing Day on a Friday, the Govern ment have decided to proclaim the Satur day a geueral holiday, so that thrcu clear days will be allowed pleasure-seekers. Some interesting cablegrams were received last Friday night too Lite for insertion in Saturday's issue. In these it was stated that Captain Dudley and the mate, Stephens, of the yacht Mignonette, who, early in November, were committed for trial before a special court for the murder of the boy, Parker, were placed on trial on Thursday. The judges found them guilty of wilful murder, but the sentences would not bo pronounced until yesterday.—The Franchise Bill recently | passed by the House of Commons has passed through the committee in the House of Lords.—The Redistribution of Seats Bill was read a second time in the House of Commons on Thursday nisiht It is announced that Parliament wUI now adjourn, and will reassemble for the tiesi?tch of business on the 19th February next.—The intelligence recently brought to the Mudir of Dongola of the death of the Malidi has not yet been continued, and is believed to be unfounded.—lt U generally believed that the European Powers represented at the Conference now assembled at Berlin to discuss the regula tion of the Con^o and Niger territories, will accede to the claim put forward by Sir E. Malct, the representative of En? land at the Conference, for the establish ment of a British protectorate on the Niger.—lt was stated in the House of Commons by the lion. E. Ashley that the entire expense of the Bechuanaland expedition would be borne by Her Majesty's Government The Govern ment dissented from the action reccntlv taken by the Government of the Cape Colony in offering a grant of territory in Stellaland to those Boers who invaded Montaioa's territory as a compensation for their withdraw!.—Later news state that the Franchise bill has finally passed the House of Lords.—Admiral Miot has sent despatches to the French Government announcing that he has again opened I negotiations with the Hovas. _Ax Age telegram says:—The German Reichstag has repealed the law empower ing the authorities to expel priests from the empire. Prince Btsmark was opposed to the repeal, and on the decision of the Chamber becominn known he denounced tho principle of Parliamentary Govern ment, and declined to rccoi^mo the decision arrived at It is probable that the Emperor will exercise his power to veto in the matter. Circumstances connected with the forgery of a cheque for £33 on the Com mercial Bank at Sandhurst, on the 28th of hut month, acemed to implicate Robert Clark, sou of the late Parliamentary representative of Quartzopolis, a former clerk in the bank, named Hugh Gorman, and James Johnson, a railway employe. As it was thought these young* men were the guilty jurtics -warranis were issued, and they were arrested on Friday tnoni ing by Detectives Ward and Potter. Th? prisoner* arw all stated to be respectably connected. j Is the Supreme Court, on Thursday, I Mr. Justice MiJesworth gave his in.l"' -! meut in the action .>f Ilowell v. Hanlin-' reports the A n/u?. The plaintiff. \V. S? Howell, a brother ?.f .Mrs. Hanlini;. deceased, sought to have her estate administered by the Court. In 187* Mr. Harding settled some lauded pm|H'rty on his wife minimally for a large sum," but really voluntarily. She died twn years ?X? intestate. Her next of kin were her j husband and her two brothers. Her' husband obtained letters of administration to her estate. After her d- ath, he made an attempt to defeat the voluntary settle ment by selling the land to a nephew The plaintiff, however, contended that the settlement could not he defeated, that the sale *m not a l*nt>tri,le one, all j t] lat he was entitled to o'nu-fourth uf the property, valued at n U>ut ?-[4.000 ji r Justice Muleaworth did not terminate the ?riuci|?l question involved in the action but suggested that the plaintiff should tender to the defendant a conveyance ~f the property, to be executed by him ami that in the event of his failm-M,, o, lm ,lv with the request, he Mi.mld sue him for a breach of a covenant in the original deed to give a g.??l title, and out uf the damans he could receive his share as next of kin It was agreed that the suit shouM stand Thb following norm is to hand regarding the movements of General Gordon, and the troops marching to his relief in the Soudan :—A messenger, who ha* arrived from Khartoum, reports that when ho loft, the Mahdi, with a strong force, was within .1 three hours' march of the city. General Gordon, with his steamer, was harassing the enemy from the river, and had succeeded in capturing a quantity of provisions and stores from the rebels. The advance of the British troops in the direction of the Soudan is being continued as rapidly as possible. Advices haTe been received from Lord. Wolsoley stating that a detachment'of the 10th Hus sars and. the Ist Battalion South Staffordshire Regiment. _,(38th) have arrived at Dongola, and have proceeded thence to Debbeh, about 150 miles further up the Nile. The unfortunate dispute bctwoen the Riponshiro' Council and its auditors lias, it appears, not yet been, settled. The auditors object to the system in which the books arc kept, and state {hat in no other council is such a system in force. On the other hand the secretary asserts that his books are kept in strict accordance with the forms issued by the Government, which the auditors say the secretary does not appear to understand. The whole matter has been referred to a committee to report at the next nioeting. The prospect of a settlement of the dispute in the boot trade appears remote. Both sides seem thoroughly convinced of the justice of their own cause, and deter mined to maintain their position. Meet ings both of the manufacturers and operatives were held on Monday night. The former declared their intention of fighting out the matter to the bitter end, no matter what the cost, whilst the latter were very jubilant over the support and sympathy they are receiving, and passed a resolution affirming that they did not feel satisfied in making any overtures of conciliation, whilst prepared to consider any proposals made by the masters. They also recorded their confidence in Mr. Trenwith as their representative.— Another Btrike is threatened. The United Laborers' Society have passed a resolution that on and after Ist January, all laborers strike for 8s a day. The conclusion of tho article headed "A Seaside Resort"; an-account from a Skipton correspondent of tha welcome home to the Key. \V. T. Whan-; and other interesting items aro crowded out. •Attevtio.v is directed to Mr. Harconrt Lee's advertisement in auother cilamo. Mr. Thornton notifies thit ha will hold his lSi ule of tbo vcar on the 20th inlt. Mb. John Kelson, auctioneer, holds hi* ninal rale of stock to-day ; and notifies fi I nils at an early date the Whits Swan hotel, Lumore. Mr. J"hn Thornton, in conjunction with Messr*. Deaojt, La"ccl!es, Austin and Co, will offer for sale at the yar.i?. C'amperdown, at 2 o'clock on Friday, 3600 larg?-{ramed merino sheep. O'Fakrell and Son, of HalUrit. in con ja ction with Uenny.", Lisccllm. Austin, arid Co.. will hold a clearing sale of ralnabla ..ve stock at the ttml farm of Mr. J. H. (Vnoor, M.L.A™ B??c to-morrow, nt 1 o'clock p.m. Cat-t!ocnrs are obuuublc from the agents on application. 