Cftttilrenfc (£tlvm. THE CAPTAIN'S LESSON*. A STORr OF THE (SOUTHERN SEAS. ' La-t- an the weather blow !' shouted tbe lookout at tbe foremaet-heai of the Vrou« Caterina. 'That must be SL Helena at last,' chuckled the captain to himself. 'Good ! iS'ow well laud Uco passengers at once !' When Captain Matthias Evertsea chuckled in that way, it always meant mischief to somebody ; and you would have said, looking at tus snort thickset ngure, and hard, cnarse, low-browed face, that he could be a very ugly customer if he liked. Like all the Dutch captains of that time, be was a first-rate seaman, and as brave as a lion ; but, like far too many of them, be could be terribly cruel to any one who offended him, which was only too easily done. Two hundred years ago, when a voyage to the East Indies and back often took twenty months or more, tbe captain of a merchant man in the eastern seas could do pretty much what he liked. To drag a. man under tbe keel ot a ship, or keep him in irons, for three days or bo without food, was tbe commonest thing possible. It was a common saying io those days that there was no law beyond the Line, aod when a captain murdered two or three of his crew, or when a crew mutinied and murdered tibeir captain, do one at borne troubled himself much about it. When Evertsen spoke of landing two pas sengers, any one who bad heard him, would have wondered what be meant. The only passenger aboard, an old Dutch merchant from Java, bad just died, and it was natural enoogb to wish to bury him on laod ; but who could the other passenger be: We shall Bee presently. Larger and larger, darker and darker, loomed out against tbe bright evening sky the huge black clifis of the lonely islet, ooe day. to be world*famoos as the last prison of Rapoleon. Bat at that time it was still solute spot could scarcely have been found upon the face of the earth. At length, jnet as the sea was all ablaze with the glory of the sunset, the ship anchored close inshore, and Captain Evert ?en, ordering bis boat to be got ready, went below, and putting his head into a dark narrow hatch between- decks, called out with one of his ugly chncklts — 'Now, V»n Dcorp, my boy, rouse up, and get ready to go ashore.' A big, saUes-looking man, whose swollen and blood-stained forehead showed that be way, rose sulkily at the calL Meanwhile the boat bad been lowered, and the Dutch merchant's coffin pat into it. Van Doorp was then ordered in likewise, and the boat pulled for tbe shore. *' Now, my lads,' cried tbe captain, 'quick, and pnt Mr. Van Doorp and hiB friend ashore. He'll have a whole island to himself, and &e; other gentleman will be nice q diet company.' Even the r* ugh seamen stood aghast at this refinement of cruelty, which doomed a living man to perish by inches, with a corpse for his only companion. The unfortunate sailor knew his commander too well to plead for mercy ; but as tbe boat began to recede from the shore he sprang upon a rock and shouted— ' You won't get rid of me so easily, captain. Mark my words : 111 come back Bvertsen answered only with a scornful laugh. A few moments later he was oq hie own deck once more, and the fatal island was soon lost in the fast-falling shadows of night while the Vrouw Katerina sped on her course. Bat although the captain laughed at poor Van Doorp'e threat, it troubled him never theless. Like most cruel and ignorant men. he was very superstitious, and believed in ghosts, witches, spectre-ships, mermaids, tacky and unlucky days, and other such ab surdities, as firmly as be did in the ship's compass. It was long before be could get to sleep that night, and when be did it was only to dream that he was being chased through tbe water by a shark with a coffin-shaped body, and head like Van Doorp b. Then tbe dream changed, and it seemed as if tbe ship itself bad turned to a coffin, on tbe otber end in which Van Doorp was standing with a loaded pistol bidding him jnmp over board or be shot. About day break he awoke find the vessel becalmed, the cliffs of St. Helena still visible, aod bis crew shaking their heads and mutteriug — '* It's a bad lookout to be becalmed here— eh, HansT ' True, Peter ; we're in a bad way now,' 11 You're right, mates ; oo lack can come to tbe old craft with a dead man's corse follow ing her.' . This sudden calm, following so close upon bis own evil deed, seemed to the troubled captain a direct judgment from heaven. AH day he wandered about the deck, restless and miserable, watching for some sign of a breeze, but not a ripple was to be seen on the smooth surface. As night fell a pale phosphoric light began to spread over tbe sea, till as far as the eye could reach it was all like one sheet of fire Every spar of the ehip stood out clearly, and the faces of the crew looked quite ghostly in the unearthly glare. The captain, too ill at ease to go to bed, was moodly pacing tbe made him turn round, and he beheld a strange and terrible sight. Right in the centre of this Bpectral light the strangest kind of a email craft was float ing toward the vessel. It was rowed with two broken pieces of wood by a figure which, one as that of Van Doorp. The crew screamed and ran back like children, while the cruel captain fell on hie knees. Has strange dream came back to him. Nearer and nearer came the ghostly voyager till he wa? heard to shout — ' Ship ahov ! Heave us a rope, will you ?' Now among the crew was a reckless Zea lauder, a special crony of Van Doorp, to whom this voice sounded go lifelike that he began to hope tbat his old chum might not Ue dead after all. He threw out a rope, and the next moment the coffin passenger bad scrambled up and leaped down on deck. Tbe thump of his feet upon the planking was so heavy and naghastly that even tbe terrified captain felt at once that no spirit could ever bave made a sound like that. He started up, and, seizing bold of Van Droop with both hands (as if to make sure that he was really there), gasped out — 'Tell me this moment — are von alive or dead r ' Alive, to be sure,' answered the sailor, laughing. '* No thankB to you, though. When 1 found the old craft still in sight this morning I thought I might as well give my self one more chance, 80 X turned Mynheer RJoots out of hts coffin, made rwirilfttt out of the two halves of the lid, and here I am.' ' Here's a dollar for you my lad,' said the captain, drawing a. long breath. ' Go for ward and take your old berth again, and after thiB Pll never punish a man without good reason, and then only io a proper way.' And Captain Everteen kept his word. 