MR, REDMOND IN IRELAND. Tho Dublin tfalioii of the loth March,, ropo-ts that in reply to an addro s prerontod to himself and his brother on their arrival at Q/iuonstown, Mr. J. E. Rudmiiur! said : — '?The w. rk which wo havo accomplished in Australia,' I beliovo, wi 1 bo a permanent work, and tho sums of irion'uy fo.r warded as the rnsult of our labours is but' a small part (if tho good which will nccrue to Ireland from our action there. We havo luft a pi-r'nianont Organisation. Cnlisislinrr of -:rmm ?*(}(! hrntinhna sc:ittorod ov:T the va-t Cjntineiit of Australia, all united together by a system of fo'loral government, by which oach individual district can take its own action in local matters, and whon a crisis arises tho whole of the 300 br- wchos can act in ono man. But whether wo flull continue to receive liioir support will riepund on two conditions— First, that an active, vigorous, and nnc unpromising attitude shall bo maintained by Iho organisation at home j and, secondly, the supp-es-im by every meina in tho power of the national loaders of anything in tho shape of outrage or crim ?. (Hear, hear.) I am convince.) more than evur, sinco my visit to Australia and America, that anything like clime in Ireland tends to injure the movement with tho buik of our brethren, ami to alienate frum us thu sympathies of other nnttms. Tn-.'refure, if wo expect to receive continued support 'from' our brethren in Australia and America', the m/ivoinent muse be conducted ou uucomnromiMng, vigorous, and determined linos, and vigorous action taken to suppress outrago or crime which might stain the c:ui3o of our country. (Hear, hear). I havo come back to my work in Ireland more than ovor impressed with the necessity of working on the lines laid down by Mr. famuli and his party ? I havu come back more than ever determined to work in the cause ot the people ; and from what I and my brother have seen in tho several climes we visited T am more than ever impressed with tho thought that it is impossible for the present system of government to continuo in tho face of growing public opinion, and that the day cannot bo far distant when a measure of homo govern ment in some shsipo or form will be conceded to us. (Hear, hear). Anywhere wo went we found eolfgoverned communities with free institutions administered by Irishmen, although in our own country wo are ti.ld wu aro unfit to govern our selves. All this will' only strengthen, mo to pro ceed in my political career with, energy, and as you havo acknoi.-lud-.'cd, with honesty. I am vouii' and hlessud with 'rind lmnit.li -m-l .-? !.»-». ;us my health lasts I am ready to work for my country both in and out of Parliament ; and- 1 only hope it may long bo my privilege to con tinue in tho path I havo ontorod on — to work honestly and earnestly in tho ser.ucc of Ireland and of tho Irish people.' (Applause.) Tlio. following passage is from a leading article of the Nation oi the same date, addressed tn the poor ' exiles of Erin,' who havo boon banished to Australia, and aro wasting out their lives hero in misery and wretchedness : — 'Lot us assure our exilod fellow-countrymen in Australia that thir, ' foreign' aid is just onu of those things that trouble very much indeed tho old oppressor of Ireland ; and it troubles England all thu more because it has not hitherto been dreamt of in her philosophy. England banished the Irish from tiicir own proper home to the onds of tho earth with the object of being rid of thorn ; sho thought that in despatching thorn in hundreds of tlmnsniiil' i islands of distant seas, sho was weakening pro tantu the Irish nation. But now she linds that hur calculations were utterly mistaken, that her diabolical policy has actually not diminished but multiplied and struiwthcucd tho Irish race, that, in fact, she hai in this ;igo- to contend with not one but several Irclauds, and tho discovery is causing the hnary-hcaded sinnur a most unpleasant sensation, no matter how sho may try to disguise it.' ' Perilous adventures of tho now Govornor of Victoria' — see fourth page. SuaitEXDKit. — George Minor Summorlielrl, of King-street, Sydney, tnilor. Liabilities, £1000; assets, Jt3oO. Mr. h. T. liloyd,- olhcial assignee. Tun Bulu Bio Guns.— -Tho two field piueoj, supplied by Government to th-2 Bulli Volunteer Company, are now in the police paddock at tho rear of the new court-house in that locality, having been hauled from Wollongong t.'i there by horso power. The guns, each of which weighs two and a half tons, aro on carriages with ammunition boxes, and can be wheeled from place to place as may bo required. Government has grauied £50 for tho-erection of a shed for them on tho polico ground, and \V6 understand that Mr. H, 0. MucCabe, who is the officer at tho head of the Bnlli Com pany of Artillery, is to have this structure pro vided before long. Gun drill will therefore be carried out in the police paddock from timo to time, but the annual shot praclico will be dono on the Bulli Point, to which the gnus will be conveyed for that purpose, a 'tmttaole. target to tiro at, of course, being fixed a mile or two out to sea. THE Victoria Coal Company. —The Victoria or new Mount Kembla Company, otherwise known us Saywell's, is shaping into form, and, according to accounts, will bo a go-ahead concern. Tho manager of the company (Mr. Huntly) reached Wollongong on Saturday, and proceeded to Five Island Point to attend to some matters connected with the jetty to be erected there for the com pany's shipping. He also saw after some other matters concerning the company during his stay. It is stated that the company has already ordered the building of three steam colliers in England for the Port Kembla trade. Two of these, it is said, are to be 1000 tons each, for the Melbourne and Adelaide trade, and one of a less size for the Sydney trade. According to these statements, which, we are assured, are authentic, the Victoria Company means business, preparing, as it is, to have a fleet of stoam colliers ready simultan eously with the completion of its tramway and jetty. South Australia. — Tho Tmuuror's statement of tho rovonuu and expenditure for thu quarter and year, which ended on March iilst, show that the revenue has considerably decreased, being £5-18,000, as against £579,000 for tho - correspond ing quarter of 1883. Tho expenditure has con siderably increased, boing £503,000, as against £541,000 for tho liku period. Thu receipts for tho whole year ended March 31st umountud to £2,028,000, as against £2,098,000. Tho cx pondituru has buon £2,352,000, as against 2,172,000 of the previous year. Tho cost of interest on loans for tho whole yuar is £529,000, as against £485,000 for tho previous, year. Tho Treasurer's account with tho Government exhibits a dubit balaucc at tho und of March quarter of £2Sl,000. Wells' 'Rouair on Cokns.''— Ask for Weils' ' Rough on Corns.' 7-kl Quick rulief, co'u^lete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. Alosus Moss and Co., Sydney, General 'A gents. Remember thnt a littlo Hop Bittors savo3 big Doctor's bills, and ' curoj ? when all olso- fails. Road. - Patiint fiASMoiir.— Mr. D. \ M'D n U'.w residing on tho Smith Estate, has iutrod,',7i in/' this on.l of tl,0 ,Halrict a pntcnl .3 which not only lights his own residence i, !' admirable manner, but should prove ouitn n , toothor persons whoso promises nro roit '„» r' roieh of ordinary L'«b. This gas, onoernii,., w|, |° an adv rtisement appears in this issno, burn, , brillinmly, givine a light which could not be T linguwlmd from tho usual article, were on,. „ , aware of the diffi-ronco. Mr. M'DoiwId &»?.„ determined to light |,is premises with .,„,„'.], ,» ' hotter than kero-ono, and his locality liein- h,Jli tho reach of th« KM mains of ll,0 &*'* obtained a ' plant.' „-, to speak, fur thia ,, te ™ gas, and the result has proved very satisfadorv Every room in tho h ...so is fitted with ordin,,; g-is pipes and burners, and tho Bas being laid o , iho lighting is done without hitch or trouble In fact, it is well worth a vi«it to seo this piten'tlm. burning, and, as Mr. M'D.inahl is agont for u| sale in tbi.H district, doubtless ho will bo rM ln show tho whole thing to any person ao desirim Cortninly tho proces-i and lighting capabilities I'l this patent gas aro scientific triumphs, not tlm Ioa3t commondablo featuro in connection with it boinrf, as wo aro us-nrrd that it is, much dumper thin ordinary gas in ni'-st instances. F,,r liuy, and such liko promises, a? wull a8 private residences, not h-iving g.is laid on, this p.tont material should bo rao-t valuahlc. Jn fa|.t, ,m go id lions-; of any kind should bo without it whore ordinary gas is not procurable. ' Drought in Wiluannia. -Tho protracted drought hns served to show tho superiority of wella over open tanks. Ono well in a corner of Messrs. Butcher and BrodribVs Mount Arrow smith run has been let to a neighbouring squatter at £100 per week, tho lesseo to pay the expanse of raising iho water. This shows tho severity nt the drought and tho valuo of water there. Only 80 points of rain have fallen since tho beninniii' of tho year. The River Darling is lmnavigablo throughout, and there nro no prospects of n chango A public meeting was held on Saturday lastto t:iko into consideration tho high prices mid tho impending scarcity of provisions. None can be got by tho river, and tho road is impassable for teams, owing co Iho scarcity of grass and water. The small stock of ch iff on hand h selling at 25 a bug ; flour at from 703. to 8O.«. per bligjand potatoes nt lOd. per lb. Tho meeting resolved that telegrams bo sent to Torowie, Port Augusts 'and The Bnrra, South Australia, intimating tlio remunerative prices which would bcr.btaiiied at Wilcannia fro any of tho necessaries (if life Drkahful Plight of a Queensland Stow away.— An extraordinary oscapo of a stowaway is repot tod by tho Captain of the barquo Clay ninre, from Rockhampton, which arrived at Nowostlo, on Monday last. It nppear3 that in c-'iiscquence of a glut in the labour market stowaways are numerous at all Queensland ports. Tho Captain of the Claymore ordered tho roat swain, before tho vessel left, io search tlio hold, to seo whether anyone was concealed in tlio vessel. There was a largo quantity of duiuwo wood in tho foro peak. The boatawain rammed a sharp broom handle into tlii.-s, but discovered nnthing. Four days after the vessel sailed the mate, having had occasion to go below to examino tho ballast, heard n fiiint moaning. Ho ran tu tho dunnago wood, pnllad a lot drwn, and was astounded to seo a young man about J8 years uf a:e jammer! in a perpendicular position, and quite unab'e to move. The eyes of tho stowaway were bloodshot a (I sunk iu his hi ad. His face was emaciated, and bore traces of acute sullenus. Ho was speedily released, and itc food ravenously. It seems that ho had been discharged from Rock hamptnn Hospital, and ou!d not find work. Ho stowod away in tho fere peak, and when tho boatswain rammed tho spike, it went' through the flesh of his sMo and inflicted a bad wound. He refrained from speaking, fearing arrest. Tho motion of tho vess-1 jammed him fast, and he had only ono ar.ni free. Ho suffered great paiii all ihe timo minus food and water. In a few more hours death would have ensued. The captain treated him kiudly and set him at liberty on the arrival of the vessel nt Newcastle— Eteniny News. An Adelaide Maiidi.— An individual of ox traordinary appearance, and decorated from head to font with flowers, has been parading_tho streets of Adnlajdo juul Jor.Qijwr :il';[1-tj(j(fjf(j^~5 eb raj™ uicuuiigi', 'declaring that he is JiERT$'GBfffi!C'r;il' .'e arrived' in Adelaide somo time aV^ jjjfjjgaidttAnito iho city onadnnkey, with his hat and'i,i..^rMiijiiJ ass' head covered with floral tributes. This occiiu--\ trie conduct caiuod some amusement at tlio time, and tho extraordinary being was.grooted uitli jeers aud hoots by tha assembled crowd. Nothing daunted, however, ho shortly afterwards appeared in tho polico court, ami having obtained permis ion to speak, was beginnina a long haran gue, when tho maaistrate,Jhavina interrupted him, said that the court had no jurisdiction in tho matter. The man then declared that during ihe last seven years ho had announced to the world the very important fact that he is ' tho Son uf God, tho Christ of God, created solely by the Divine Power of God, the Holy Ghost, for tho purpose of accomplishing His divine purpo cs relating to the personal rei«n on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ.' Tho man has a few converts, and is trying tn got assistance from thu clergymen of tho various' denominations to ludd public meetings. Ho lately published a book in which ho attempted to prove his identity, and he vainly endeavoured to fmind a new sect. Skinny Men.— 'Wells' Health Renowor restores health and vigour, cures Dyspepsia, Im potence., Debility. Moses Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents. 