CRUMBS. Another big sale day coming ! Grenfell is moving for a free Public Library. Don't forget to secure a photo. of "Poor Ole Ned," at Mr. Nicholas's studio. A memorial to Dr. Badham is to be erected by the Sydney University. Mr. Connell is to hold sales on Saturday of a mixed catalogue as per advertisements. Mr. Wright says that no tramline has cost less that from £10,000 to £12,000 per mile. A gray Arab norse, purchased in Arabia for the Hon. James White, arrived per R.M.S. Valetta. The first wheat of the season was brought into Albury on Saturday. The sample, an excellent one, realised 3/3 per bushel. Mr. Byrne is to offer to-day (Wednesday) wethers and ewes dropped from travelling flocks, for Mr. R. F. Horsley, of Yabtree. A rrVhhisTinn TVTnrnrt antra fVio ofPnrfa nf f.T-mca who strive to imitate the Roman Catholic Church might be compared to wasps trying to build a honeycomb. A sad and unexpected death occurred in town on Tuesday. Whilst being taken to Dr. Mooney's for medical treatment a poor nag dropped and gave up the ghost. The Gundagai Herald says that a big Supreme Court writ has been issued by a Sydney firm against a Gundagai J. P. We are having quite an epidemic of writs. Mr. Connell is to offer on Saturday a hand some family brougham (carriage) for sale. Take notice also that Mr. J. Hingerty's boarding-house property is in the market. \- A branch of the Commercial Bank has been opened at Sunny Corner, Mitchell's Creek, the new silver country. Genera satisfaction is expressed at the bank's action. Mr. Pinhey is the manager. The Anglican pro-Cathedral at Newcastle was formally opened on Thursday night by the Primate, assisted by Dr. Pearson, bishop of Newcastle. Sir Julius Vogel has commenced an action against the Wellington Times for a series of alleged libels in relation to his connection with the English Telephone Companies. Damages are laid at £10,000. Considerable excitement (says the Evening News) prevails in aquatic circles owing to a sad mistake which has occurred over the match between William Beach and Thomas Clifford for the acquatic championship of the world. On Saturday night the second deposit of £50 aside should have been paid to Alderman Evan Jones, the stakeholder, and Clifford's deposit was duly paid in by Alder man J. D. Young. Mr. J. Deeble, however, through a complete oversight, forgot to pay Beach s £50 in, and accordingly in the morn ing the whole deposit of £150 was demanded by Clifford's backers ; and there being nothing else for it, the cheque for £160 was duly handed to Alderman J. D. Young. Clifford is, therefore, now nominally the aquatic _ champion of the world. Beach is to arrive in Sydney to-morrow, and arrange ments for another, match will have to be made. 