TIlE REV~ CIA4RLES STRONG'S DOCTRINES. The following letter re the Rev. Charles Strong's doctrines has been addressed to the editor of the Argus: Sir,-Some years ago the Rev. Charles Strong compiled, for the use of the choir and congregation of the Scots Church, a small book entitled The Words of Anthems Siung in the Scots Church. Last year a re isste of the book was circulated among the congregation, with an appendix of hymns. In the original preface it was stated that much care had been taken in the selection of the words, and that where words seemed unsuitable they had been altered. This selection has, since its first issue, been constantly used isn the sestice of the church. From this book of words I have ex tracted the following passages, which bear more or less directly on certain points of doctrine which have come into promin ence during the Scots Church controversy. I give the extracts without note or com ment, leaving them to speak for them selves. An impartial public will draw its own conclusions as to the doctrines held by the minister who compiled,. and the congregation that uses, this selection. I am, &c.;, A MEMnBER OF THE SCOTS CHURCn. May 12.' The following are the extracts : Anthem I -"And of Thy great mercy keep us in the same, through Jesus Christ, our Lord." Anthem IX --"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God, and the Word was made flesh, and dwelt anmong us. Thou art fairer than the children of men, full of grace are Thy lips, because God hath blessed Thee, hath blessed Thee for ever. Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, for He hath visited and redeemed His people." Anthem X.--" ow is Christ risen from the dead, and become the first fruits of them that slept. Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and rejoice ervermore. For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. But every man in own order : Christ the first fruits, afterwards they that are Christys at His coming. . Hallelujah ! now is come salvation and strength, and the kingdom of God, and the power of His Christ." Anthem XI.--" The grace of God, that bringeth salvation, hath appeared to all men. And all the ends of the world have seen the salvation of our God. Blessed be He that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosanna in the highest. In Him was life, and the life was the light of men." Anthem XIL-" Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, for He hath visited and redeemed His people, and hath raised up a horn of salvation for us. As he spake by themouth of His holy prophets, which have been since the world began. For unto us a Child is aorn, unto us a Son is given, and the go vernment shall he upon His shoulder, and His name shall be called Wonderful, Coun sellor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Princeof Peace. Of the increase of His governmet and peace there shall be no end." Anthem XIV.-" 0 come, all ye faithful, joyful and triomphant, 0 comne ye; 0 come ye to Bethlehem. Come and behold Him, born the King of Angels. 0 come let us adore Him, Christ the LoryL" Anthem XXXVI.-" These are they which come out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the lamb ..... . For tihe Lamb, which is in the midst of the throne, shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of wsaters." Anthem -XXVIII.-"Leave us not, neither forsake us. 0 God of our salvation. In Thy presence is the fulness of joy. Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into Heaven ! This same Jesus which is taken from you into Hoavea,,ahall eoq l p, in like manner as- ye have'seen Him- go up into Hene.r-- ho?e art govnr ose-high- Halle lujah. Thou hast led c?ptivity captive, and received giftstfor men, yea, even for Thine enemies, that the Lord God might dwell among them." Anthem XXXIX.--"If ye love Me, keep \My commandments, and I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another com forter, that He may ahide with yon for ever, even the Spirit of Truth." Anthem XLI.-" Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not Thy Holy Spirit from me:" Anthem XLVI.-"Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more. Death hath no more dominion over Him." Anthem L.-" Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jeans Christ, which, ac cording to His abundantmercy, hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrec tion of Jesns Christ from the dead."' Anthem LIV:-" Come let us worship our dear Lord and Saviour, Who gave his pre cious Self the sinner to save. Grateful de votion offer we unto Him. With cheerful adoration thus praise we the Lord, ever sin oerely offering our homage to our benign forgiving Lord and God. Bless Him for ever, sing His praise eternally.' Wd praise Thee with cheerful adoration. Thus praise we the Lord. Glorious, eternal, merciful Redeemer deign to receive our earnest, fer vent prayers. Graciously hear us bending before Thee." Anthem LVI.-" Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, iand to the Holy Ghost. As it was in the begnning is now, and over shall be, world without end." 'Anthem LXIX.-" Lord, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace according to Thy word. For mine eyes have seen Thy salvation, which Thoun hast prepared before the face of all people. To be a light to lighten the Gentiles, and to be the glory of Thy people Israel. Glory bo to the Father, Anthem LXXIV.-" He hath visited and redeemed His people, and hath raised up a mighty salvation for us in the' house of His servant, David." Arnthem LXXIX.-" Behold the Lamb of God."-Handel (" Messiah"). Anthem LXXX.--'" Surely He hath Iorne our griefs."-Handel (" Messiah"). Anthem LXXXI.-" Lift up your heads." -Handel (" Messiah"). " Anthem LXXXII.-"Hallelujah Chorns.". -Handel (" Messiah"). N.B.-In these anthems from Handel's' ' Messiah" the words are given in full, as in the corresponding numbers of the' "Messiah." Anthem LXXXXIV.-" Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass which the Lord hath made known to ns, for the angel said unto .s, ' Fear not, for behold I bring you good tidings of great joy, 'which shall be to all people. For unto you is born in the city of David aSaviour, which is Christ the Lord.'" Anthem CIII.-" Glory be to the Father," &c.; Anthem CVI.-" Take not Thiy 'Holy Spirit from me." Anthem CXVII.-Words taken from Luke I., verse 6S to 78. Hymn 7. " Come, Holy Ghost, in love, Shed on us from above Thine own bright ray." &c.; A hymn of fire verses'to the Holy Spirit. Last verse is "Come all the faithful bless, Let all who Christ profess His praise employ : Give virtue's rich reward, Victorious death accord, And with our glorious Lord. Eternal joy." Hymn 11. "Then with the love of Him who said-, 'Go thou, and sin no more;' Save, save the sinner from despair, And peace and hope restore." Hymn 16. "And the Master shall come smiling, When work stops at set of sun, Saying as He marks thy labour, 'Good and faithful friend; well done."' Hymn 22. "When the painful cross we see, When weak flesh that cross would flee, When Christ's bitter cup we share, Heavenly Father, be Thou near." N.B.-From a hymn of' lMr Strong's own composition. 