Nervous Prostration.' j Them ia un unusual amount of illness this autumn of the typeicnown ns 'nervous pro stration* (says the Providence ''Journal'). I« is prevalent among bard worked people who haye .lteen deprived Of the needed summer resf-Hüd relaxation, meii who carry their ! business home .,with them every night, and woman who are worn ont by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange Jtinyrk much we are told about food, clotliing.^venttlatioii, drainage, exercise, and other things which have nu influence on our health, and* bow. very seldom we think of rest. And yet; iis'ii' remedial and restorative measure, it is of the lirsl importance in many casas. Most physic ians know what,to do and when ts do it,1 but a good deal of common sense is required to discover how not to do something mid when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and'frctting kills more than ha'f the sick people in the world ; a man's enemies can not do him near sn much damage us his friends The. world is possessed with the notion that when a mah is taken ill a terrible, ado must be kept up, lin alternation nursing and fuss ing, .while preternaturally wise and whisper ing doctors, sympathising friends/tearful iclu ! ti ves nnd chattering nurses add, their contri butions to the wrong, and all because some body is ill and -needs chiefly rest. * We have not yet, niost_of us, gotten rid of the old no tion of the ancients that disease is' a person ality, a something that is in tho: air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally seizes'hold of us ; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost;, fiend, dnmon, or ¡witch, . which only pills or potations exorcise, kill or cure. We are con fident that may a sensible physician will say I if, the patient will let him, th nt two-thirds of nil the maladies of all the people in the world would get well, in a few hours or days if left , to themselves, with no other appliances than such us instinct would suggest or common sense employ. But patients often estimate tho doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes and tho extent or variety of his prescriptions ; and a sick man's friends hale to seem unsympathizing, and so are apt to bo officious. It is to be understood, of course, thut we «re not speaking of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which llesh is heir to-the troubles which come upon over- worked' mon and '?' woman, so many of whom we find all around us in this pushing competitive ugo. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that bo im-, possible wo can only pity thom. ' " * 