,PABIS LETTER (iBtor 00B-<renr correspondent.) : Pabis, November 15th. | liie cnolera has been hying about the capital, since Jane last, as every medical man perfectly well knew ; bat from motives of humanity, the authorities kept the fact secret, and worked energetically to dislodge the disease by clearing away ceoties of filth, and by adopting all * hygienic measures. It was only when the disease appeared in the epidemic form, that it was officially noticed. Well, now that we know the worst, it is not more alarming than typhoid fever. The cold weather aiding, the scourge has been mastered to a great extent. I have not enconntered any persons positively afraid ; of coarse no one ruus any actual risk, and all follow the dietatesofprudehce—theavoid ing of everything outside the U3ual mode of living ; cleanliness, moderate repasts ; free dom from great fatigue ; peace of miud ; patronising only well prepared food ; and eschewing water, even for toilette purposes, such as washing the teeth, unless boiled, and submitting milk to the same process The cholera is chiefiy localised in the centres where slam diseases most do congregate. The doctors assure the able bodied and strong minded, they have nothing to fear ; but urg«« the intemperate, the weakly, and] the timid, to depart. The deaths average 54 daily, proof that the outbreak is light ; this is corroborated by the fact that in the prisons, the barracks, and the lyceums, the disease has necessitated no extra atten tion. Public opinion is more anxious abont China, as that plague means money, and a blood tax on every class without distinction. It may be truly said, excepting 31; Ferry perbapB, no one, not even the poor Tongnia committee, "knows where are we now ¥' Every new day produces a new mediator ; the present and the last, is Russia. But Sister Aune sees no olive branch coming from the Celestials. France will waive the unhappy claim she raised for an indemnity. This only gives the Chinese more courage, they accept that relinquishment by France as an admission ot wrong. 31 any persons here bet that China will finish by demanding an indemnity for the "intelligent destruc tions," without cause at Foo Chow and Jvelong. The situation of France is extremely painful. She cannot humiliate her position in the far East, nor eat hnmble pie before the pig-tails. And yet, the war is intensely unpopular, there is a vague fear that the unknown may be fraught with serious coase quences, and that whether little wars, extending over an unlimited period, or the organisation of an imposing expedition to Pekin, either mu3t entail enormons sacri- ' fices, will react on the organisation of the home defences, and augment the financial confusion already existing. China is well posted up on the political difficulties of France, and finds therein trnmp cards. In the meantime, the situation in Tonqoin is anything but gratifying ; climate is telling on the soldiers more severely than the repetition rifles of the Chinese ; no interest and less faith is taken in the bulletins of victories ; there is no impartial or independ- : ent eye witness to record what is taking place. Only two facts are well noted: the consumption of men, as evidenced by the drafts renewed, and the impossibility of the French to advance beyond the range of their eons. To confess the truth, in point of clearly seeing our way, the Egyptiawquestlou is not a whit better. Pencils and pens are,waiting to * examine and denounce in advance, the Nortlibrook remedies. They may satisfy those great powers which do not want Egypt, but bo long a3 Prance harbors the hailncination of gettiog hack to the Nile, no solution, not conceding her this, will ever satisfy the bond holders stalking horse. The moreEnglandarrangesher measures following her more than ideal of remaining a fixture to command the aorta of her commercial and Colonial circulation, the nearer she will be securing Egypt settled institutions. And it ia due to the French that England should display sufficient courage and decision to say what she means. If the present ministry does not " speak ap" for her, another mast be fonnd to do so. Frenchmen have worked themselves up to believe they have "rights11 to Egypt. They can only be the better when they shall have been deprived of one illusion less. Somehow Bismarck's colonial congress excites bnt little attention. The other powers have consented to it, as a tab thrown to the whale. Besides, the united are like children, who long to see what is inside the hump of Polichinelle—they want to know what the Chancellor has got in his sack. France and England may not be Corsican brothers, but Bismarck cannot now, having been exposed in time, make a cat's paw of either. His wire palling recently has only had for result to bring out the profound ani mosity of France against Germauy that has suppressed her supremacy in Europe, and amputated from her Alsace and Lorraine, while in the case of England, it has cracked up opinion to have a navy worthy of the best days of its history, and to stimulate and strengthen the movement of colonial con federation for colonial defence. Here is one fact that Englishmen ought to stick a pin into ; France is paying, since 1571, on loans and claims amonnting to ten milliards, no less than 657 millions of francs annually— about 22 millions sterling, or something less than one third of the total national revenue of Great Britain : equal to 151 million dollars. And this enormous addition to her yearly taxation, acts like a chain ball on her onward march. The moral onght to instruct England, to at once have an invincible navy to guard her commerce, protect her widely disseminated possessions, or what would be tantamount to the same, to back up her protocols. This necessary development of the^ready "blood and iron*1 persuaders, along with the significant accession of socialists to the Reichstag, will make even Bismarck stroke his moustache. The election of Mr Cleaveland to the Presidency of the United States is considered by the French prea3 as likely to lead to a recasting of political parties in the Union. The Temps observes that his supporters include the elements of the population of French origin, and which have ever been sympathetic for France. Others conclude French goods will not now be excluded by prohibiting tariffs. It is not very certain that even Democrats are satisfied at Ameri can pork being excluded from France, or that they will be delighted at the coming law applying a duty on foreign grain and flour, for France has now gone in boldly for protection. Time will show if her balunce sheet will be superior to that under the flnhilon trofihr There is a great day of distress in Prance, j the question is not so much to reduce the j price of the loaf as to earn the money to buy : it* The Anarchists are equal to the occa sion; they temper the want of work existing by the explosion of dynamite cartridges. At Lyons, they call upon the soldiers to cut the gas pipes in their barracks, spread netroleuni mixed with alcohol on the floors, and, in the confusion, shoot their officers, and then do the same for the middle classes. This will precipitate the Millenium. These Ruperts of the social question imagine they have discovered a system or a mode to arrange the just distribution of riches between mankind. Rousseau believed to see the remedy in the return, pure and simple, of tn™ to the savage state, only unfortunately we cannot readily become young again. Besides, it ha3 not been fonnd that the Papuans and Coniiques are more virtnous or more happy than Parisians. The latter display no anxiety for either wigwams or virgin forests. The commission for the International Exhibition has been gazetted, and that body is at present occnpied with the selection of the site among the seven proposed. The Bois de Boulogne aod of "Vincennes, may be left out of the running ; these are the parks of the aristocracy and plebs respectively,and ought not to be disfigured. The main point is to have the baUdiug as near as possible to the city. A space of 400,000 square yards is required, and it is urged to rnn tbe monster bazaar from tbe Tuxleries by the Palais de lTndnstrie, up to tbe Champ de mars. Adelina Patti is now a dlvorcke, bat not In the way she expected. The court rejected her demand, based on her having continued her misconduct, which led to her husband j being granted a separation. The latter was I accorded the divorce ; and the diya mulcted in heavy costs, can no longer sport the title of Marchioness. She is Adelina Patti once more, pins the brand of her misconduct. "If you have snch an affection for your Don Juan," observed a wit to a celebrated artiste " why do yon not marry him 2" "I love him ! too much for that !* was the reply. ! It is only since half a century that the detective police force has been organised in France, by Vidoc, an ex convict, aud thirty of his pardoned pals. M. Mnee,tbe ex-chief of the detectives, had just published his memoirs i they are readable. Tbe force C03ts 25,000 francs a year ; turely this must be an error 2 He says there is in Paris, 50,000persons who wake every morning, and do not know whero they will find a breakfast or dinner for the day, or a bed for the night ; these are vagabonds, and he main tains that in every vagabond there is the material of a malefactor. In this band the Recidivists flourish like a bay tree. Many have been several time3 condemned. One fellow, aged twenty, had been arrested no less than seventeen times, after being six times imprisoned. M. Mnce affirms that, whether men or women, vulgar or fashion able scoundrels, the motive of their crimes is common^tbat of cnpidity for money. .Further, the "gaol birds," disgusted at being changed from one home prison to another, wiud up by assassinating a guardian ; that is the only way to eosnre their being sent to New Caledonia—their land of freedom, of lotus eating life, with the chance of escaping. Australians will please note. The theatres certainly are not going to great expense in the matter of bringiog oat the new plays. The mismanagement of the National opera,and the chaotic state revealed by its directors death is lamentable. Every representation appears to have been given at a loss. Francois de Remini, by Ambroise Thomas, has been revived, but only to con firm the verdict of two years ago—dead failure. The Italian draws the public less even than the French opera, and tho prospects cf its season are sickly. The theatre Foil63 Dramatiques produced Rip, a three act comic opera, arranged from Plauquettes score, for the Paris stage. The scenery and mneic atoned for the libretto ; the music is graceful, melodious, and pleas ing. The ghost scene, rising to pnnish Rip, was well received. Cupidon, a comedy in three acts by M. Bisson, has been given at the Palais Royal theatre,and with success. Its subject is too broad to permit it to travel outside France. It is lively, smntty, and amusing.' 