Flovellet. -t :~DAN LYONS' DOOM. .By WAIF WANDEL. CHAPTER I. nasroNxTIoN. 'ft~bisi is the plaep?" the tall, refined Syoung man asked, as he seated him jellon:a atone upon the hill-side and nor ruuts-e country at tie feet. "This is nrsn you have teled to me so much t T misther Leonard; we are in it at j isee be. There farenint you eis big "fbt Rban, with the little township lying LbeipIt o it, just the same as it wastwelv~e "tao- And nbw look below you to your "~ doa oee the low house wid the trees -tp of it, and Boban Creek oreeping s i"bit ikes thread of silver in the gras ? itte St. IHerriok's place." S"k"i, I see it, Tady; and your golden ii ,wbhere did it lie?" It liesn et, please. God. Do you ehit g dead t~ee sticking white like a u out of the slope behind the house ? ilalme were not twenty yards from that." eWaow Tdy, just ell me the story of ; 9?.?zrii e on the spot while I smoke a jertt haj alwap ys seemed to me a very % ,bsl~torylperhaps I may feel more like 'XA ltle4? f I iseaeit here on the spot from tiadicshn see the smene itself. \- o4' war ever an' always, a hard not, tbe ?eLonard, and wouldn't believe the eetf. .himself if heawint against yon; but -stse'to-m?E'S lis-- eof me an' you can't ai&im-;\+ yi-es, os:.,ei?na d ser laughed pleasantly as he '~-pganlpatod his tobaono, and looked slyly at -themlnhl afigure seated near him on the ''Idon't know so muoh about that, Tady. LWqliatlqtns ess have you at IMarranga?" ." wasleai)wonderin'," Tady returned, uL-boi bl; ly"y I he's here yet, there's a m4ilm liaEes in one of them white houses )Tj i t the bridge that oantell you the story cis n as b e!ar; an'bedad, he may tell it, for " .on'tneveragln. I'm tired obeingmis belvand misduoubted." ".if??thoght you were in earnest, I'd go s". itrtlgbtbadkto Corbally again," the young J nan mm eplldea,glahing b s h' e put a match to '-ispipe and egan to smoke enjoyably, "but • l w-?i+? ?t t you oannot wish for a grester piooff my 'onfidena e in you th thn that I -should have followed you half round the world tosee Marnanga and the lost elaim." "That'strue, aer, but all the same I'd like fr. =?llard to tell you about it, if he's to the foreabnt twelve years is a long time." " ,+'Wjm was Mr. Pollard?" ?" m a magistrate, an' a great friend \- fotirly of Colonel St. Herrink's. But here, rllsyno more tillwe go down to the town shIp. <ISee, there's the coach just turmin' o oJunt the Gap road - she'll get in an hour be -Lore us." . TheA'onng gentleman did not rep He .wa thoughtfully eeanning thd landesapa be 'nea" h b d mountdhim with the doubly in tene ~ njoyment of slover of naturedebarrod drum a view of her charms for the many wee.ks o-ooupied by a long een voyage, and thi?kin g notea little about the events oon. .seted with' the St. Herrinks, of whom he hadsooo~ftenb erd from his humble friend, .'Tbsde Connor. As they are seated there, '.silently, let me describe the two dissimilar beinge who play no uneventfoul part in this story, .Leonard Prosser was twenty.three, and k e ictore of handsome and musenular health. . ie bronsed face, every featuse indioated aminntellgent and loveable nature, his dark -ibaeeye~speapeealy having the clear, frank -exprssiun of a thoughtful ybt frank and fearless nature. He was attired in service \- ble, well-out tweed, and hid a soft brown \- feit hat on his abhort brown cnrde. Thadens Connor was thirty-five, if a day, ad?w.he about as ordinalr a specimen of tanumanity as you eould imagine. He was S : iortf oftatre, thin-imbed and bij-jointed. . sems r mere too long for the aze of his -little foim, and his eyes, set deep in their 's?okete under pent- houses of red hair, were fiary and small like a ,ferrets. His round ,shoulders and odd figure were exaggerated by Stightly-fltting coat and tronusers of a bright \- blue, deourated amply with brass buttons, and a Ibrilliant peacocks feather was stuck in the 'tbreant of his stif, low-arowned blask hat. A very glittering Albert denoted the presence of a watch in his pocket, and a great gold ding adorned one of his stumpy little fingers. The?spreseion of every line of his form and every twinkle of his little eyes was of conning and self- oonemit, but those who knew the little Irishman well could have told how true and faithful was the heart few gave him credit for poumessing. * "There's a path lose to us on the right; Iwonder whereit goes to?" said Leonard, breaking the allenoe at last. "The plaoe where the Colonel was buried was up there on the side of the hill," replied ',.theLri hman, as he turnedhis face over his . shoulder to sean the track alluded to; "but .:..the .piper that played before Moses, w , iherever It goes to there's an angel comin' 'down It?" \- ri wasa3 ?? ly natural, young Prosser turned "'- eo tsee wheat 'had drawn the exolamation ' r -hist?.bmble Mriend, and he too saw ' o snghe gren ? firi hillside, ai teform bletatleeiasen one in a dreamnof sand oneurnthly itwas ingthe fairest loveliness. It was a young girl of eleven or twelve years, followed by a coal. black Newfoundland dog. So slrange alto gether was the appearance of this child that Leonard Prosser hesitated ere he decided she was truly an inhabitant of this lower world. About eleven years old, as I have said, the girl was small for her age, and by far too delicately slender. She was attired in a pale blue dress, over which.fell down to her very wait a cloud of the most lovely fair hair that ever grew on a child's head. It was not golden fair, but of that far rarer hue that re sembles the side of a young fawn with the gloss of satin on every hair. Thepale face, overshadowed by the drooping brim of a broad Tuscan hat, was so delicately outlined in every feature that no waxen one was ever more perfectly modelled, nor yet had a brighter rose on its cheeks, and in every line of the face and form there was ezpressed a calmness and peace that was surelj not of this world. As the girl neared the men 'she looked at them steadily, and without a trace of fear in the sdft blue eyes over which the fair lashes fell like a veil; but the great dog moved steadily to her side and examined the friends cautiously af she paused before them and spoke. " You are strangers ?" she asked gently. "Yes, quite strangers," Leonard replied, with a smile that at once assured the child she was addressing one who was to be trusted. " We have only come to Marranga within the hour; and you?" "If oh I am no stranger. I was born at .Marranga." There was a pause, in which Tady's small eyes seemed to settle themselves on the child's face with a great wonder in them. "Are you the gentleman who has taken St. Herrick's ?" she srked hesitatingly, as she gazed at Leonard, while she held more closely C her breast a cluster of goldenoblossoms she was carrying. "I thnk not; we have as yet made no arrangements for residing at Marranga." "I beg your pardon," the child said gently; S' t. Herrick's was mama's home once, and we heard some gentleman had rented it. I did so hope it would be some one nice." The last sentence was repeated thought. fully, as her eyes wandered down to the low hpnse among the trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'e. S"Stay Miss," the Irishman said eagerly,'as the girl was turning to go on her way. "Are you a St. Herrick i" "Yes, I am Resignation St.'Herriak--thelate Colonel St. Herrick was my father." "I thought so," Tady cried, "you have the poor Colonelt's eyes as like as two peas." "Mama says so; did you know him ? did yon know my dear fatoer?" and therosy flush spread from the soft cheeks all over the fair face. "Yes, Miss, I knew him well. I was here at Marranga I sppbse before yon were born." "Yes, it must have been. Papa was dead before I was born, that is thebs reason mama called me Hesignation. Did you love my papa?" "Everyone respected andliked him I" Tady said quickly. " No, not everyone; there was a bad man you forget-the man who killed him." "Yes, the curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons I " Tady cried angrily. "Mush, do not speak wrong words. God knows best himself. May I shake hands with you because you know my dead papa ?" " God bless the ciild I" the honest frish. man said, as he clasped the little slender hand that was tendered him. "You will shake hands with me.tL, -? o -s?-r?cns7aHy bnme is Leonard Proseer," the young gentleman said, putting outhis hand also, " and will you introduce me to your dog? Dogs and I are always great friends." "My dog is called Guardian, sir, for he takes care of me, and is a very faithful dog. Are yo going to stay here air?!" "e Yaedear, we thinkof remaining for some time near Marranga." "I am glad, I shall see you again. Good bye now" and the child made ' grave bow to Leonard and Tady, and then glided down the path toward St. Herrick's. "Isn't that quare now?" the Irishman asked as they stood and watched the light form passing through the underwood that skirted the eminence on which they had been seated," that we should meet Colonel Her rick's daughter the very first on landing in the place ?" "It is a strange coincidence, truly. This child was not born then, when you left Mar rangsa, T~ady?" "No, but osne was expected if the mother lived. God help her, it was a hard trial she had to bear. What do you say to getting down to the township now, Mr. Leonard? The coach is nearly in, and we'd better be seein' afther our thraps." CtAPTER II. THE DESEnTED CLAIMS. A few hours later found Leonard Prosser and hisoompanion, the little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's office at Marrangi, and Tady jubilant over the fact of that gentleman being still a reqsidant of that neighborhood. He had introduced his young master, and given the J.P. a sketch of his doings during his absence from Australia, and now he was greedily inquiring as to the events of the last twelve years in quiet Marranga. "And so you tell me that a pick has never been struck in them claims since, Mr. Pol lard ?" "Not since our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the claims had paidwell, you know, and they were abandonsd after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady." "I wint, yee," the Irishman said aggress. itely; " but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the best in No. 2, but on account of the place gettin' a bad name-you know that yourself, sir." "Yes, a story of the claim being haunted got abroad, andevery shaft was deserted; bhut as Isaid before, there was not much tempta tion-no lead was ever found." "I don't know that," obstinately asserted Tady, "I had afool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right track. An'.thin' I got the master's letter callin' me home to look afther Mr. Leonard here." "He means my father," explained the young gentleman. "You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and his jaunt out to the diggings was an escapade of which his friends did not approve." " Well, I'm back again in spite of 'em," said Tady; and now, Mr.Pollard,tell Mr. Leonard the story-no one knows it better nor your saiaf." "It was a sad story," the pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wine toward his new friend, young Leonard; " and agreat shook tome personally was the death of my friend, Colonel St. Herrick. It is about fifteen years ago now, I think, since he first settled here with a witfe, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Mar. range. "The colonel had some independent means, and built the house known yet as St. Her rick's on the ground he purchased; but when, some years after, the gold fever found its way to Macranga, he was one of the first who sunk a shaft and found, as he considered, e?nf foient indications of the precious metal to induce further efforts. "For some time, however, he could not suooeediiniducisg ahyone to join him,thefew residents being occupied in farming, or busi ness of one kind or other, and the plice hav ing not yet become known sufficiently to en courage regular diggers. At last, however, the Colonel came to me one day in great spirits with the news that he had employed a man who had accidentally called in travellinog toward the Murray. "It was some time, however, before St. Herrick told me that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when the facts came out and were ojade public there were many who wondered that my friend would have ventured on such a step as permitting the man to work as his partner, as well as become an inmate of his home. The facts appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St. Herrick, Dan Lyons had been sentenced to ten years pesnal servitude for shooting with intent at a land bailiff, whom he was obnoxious to, and that the evidence was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herpick was a proof." S"It was Dan Lyons, then, who committed the foul dead ?" Leonard questioned. "Undoubtedly, though the wretch has es eaped and baffled justice. It was Lyoneshim self that gave the alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ?" "Av coorse, I mind it well. There was a egolar hullabulloo when he kem to No. 2 ecreechin' that the claim was fell in an' that the Colonel was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that we knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it." " Aye," responded Mr. Pollard, "three ter rible days for the poor widow who would hope to the last, though we all knew that the Colonel must have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be one of the most active workers, but he wasl;in reality retarding the search, and he disappeared from the moment that St. KHcrrick's corpse was seen with a note-book in one stiffened hand and a pencil in the other.'-' "The poor fellow had left evidence against his murderer ?" "Yes. In the few scrawled words written in darkness and in the oppression of death, he told how Lyons had cut away the props and told him of the revenge he had planned etold him of it ere he escaped himself, and while the soil was slowly settling down be tween him and his victim. There was no more but a blessing on his wife and his un born babe." "We saw the little girl to-day," Leonard said, and he related what had passed between Besignation and them. " Sh'eis a lovely girl," he added, " but looks very delicate." "She has grown up with the very shadow of the grave on her," Mr. Pollard returned. "The very name given her was the last that should have been chosen, for her mother has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day bshe will see her hbsband's mu.t derer brought to justice here on the spot where he died, and the dead father is al most the sole subject of conversation between her and her little girl." "Where do they live now ?" Tady asked. "In a little house I had built for them alter the Colonel's death. On his affairs being settled it was found that there was but a few hundreds left after the house and Iaud was paid off. St. Herricks being put in the market, I bought it myself, and offered to take Mrs. St Hgrrick as a temant, butshe de s-reait would be impossible to remain where she had been so happy, and where every thing would remind her of her dead husband, so I built the cottage where they now live; it is on the slope above the old place, Tady; you will remember it ?" Yes, air, well." "The property has been a loss to me," the good man continued, "for a story of its being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now,-however, I have just secured a tenant whose profession ought to prevent ny superstitieus terrors from affecting him." "What is he ?" "By his dress, I should say a member of some religious order, and his mother calls him "Father James." "He has a family, then ?" "A mother and sister, and one serving man, as far as I could see. And now about yourselves." You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?" "Wi' the help o' God. I'm as sure as I sit here that there's lumps of gold in that gully, Mr. Pollard." "Well I hope there may be, for your sake, and Mr. Leonard's too. Where are you going to put up?" "At the hotel, for the present, Mr. Pol lard," replied Leonard. "I must have a look at these wonderful claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must confess that I don't at all share Tady's cer tainty of a golden claim." "More shame for you to say it," cried Tady, angrily, as he got up from his seat; "but if you're comin', we. have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard." " We had proposed a visit to the claims," young Preoser explained. "It is not a long walk, [believe." "About half a mile only. Stay,Mr.Pros ser; if you have no objection, I will walk with you. It is years since I saw the place, which has, as you may suppose, sad recollec tions for me." It was d lovely spring afternoon; and as the trio crossed Roban Creek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almost simul taneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire thaseene around them. The gliding waters of the creek, glistening among its fringes of sweet- scented flowering wattle; the stately Mount Roban, heaving up his huge sides, laden with theif wealth of forest, flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with content sheep and cattle, until lost in the low line of blue bills in the distanaoe--all formed as sweet a landscape as Leonard Proeser had ever gazed upon. "It is lovely," he said, "and so different from what I fancied. My idea of Tady's dig gings was of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this." "In ten minutes you will see something more like what you expected, Mr. Presser," observed the J.P. "The gully is even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. The curse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass." Turning to the right they passed the over grown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as "St. Herrioks," and then entered a golly wild enough to fpslfl all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to be a cleft in the hills down which the dry track 6f a winter torrent, and up the sloping sides of which straggling trees grew, and wild foliage flourished rankly. Here and there were broad level spots that had been swept in winters'gone by from the green hill aides, and toward one of these level places the steps of Mr. Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly struggled to hide the sunken level and the thrown up heaps that denoted the place where they had dug to recover the body of a foully-mardered man. Huge trees with out one sign of leafy verdure on them stretched their bare, bleak, crooked limbs over it as if in warning and guard, and among the scarred, hard psoil, where no grass would grow, a few tresaoherous holes with lichens waving long tendrile dowp their overnous depths, denoted where the deserted shafts of the long ago miners had been. "Is this at all like what you expected, Mr. Leonard?" thegentlemanasked, as he paused on the edge of the sunken level. "It is worse," almost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. "I esoarcely wonder that men would be unwilling to work here, even for gold. What do you say, Tady ? " " I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change here sure enough, and they say that a curse will always lie where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollard? They were floe box trees twelve years ago." "There was a bosh fire that thelped the desolation, I believeo, Tidy. Can you point out your old claim ?" "For sure, sir. The Colonel's No. 1 was here where the ground's low, and our's was that one beyant there, whore the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to [the edge of Tady's old shaft and looked down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and threw it down, and as it splashed into hidden 'water the Irish man shuddered as if a cold wind had struck him. "I think your gold-digging at Marranga will never be resumed, Tady," young Presser said. "There is water down there, and a flooded claim is no joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on the spot all interest inNo. 2, it would seem to me like digging in a grave." "The place of graves has not always been respected in the search for gold in our new land," observed Mr. Pollard, "but let us go; I own I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot." "What was I sent here for at all?" mur. mered the Irishman discontentedly. Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warnins of all sorts, I had to come back again to the ould place; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold ?" "Maybe 'twas to meet the priest, Tady," Leonard said smilingly. "Is this your new tenant approaching, Mr.Pollard ? I should judge so from his dress." "Yes, it is he," replied Mr. Pollard, as he paneed to speak to the clergyman who was approaching. Father James was a man so strange in form and movement as to draw the eyes of both Leonard and his foster-brother elobely upon him; he aas tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priest-like black coat hung so loosely around hijn as to suggest a decrease in bulk since it had been mode for him. Indeed, the' face, showing palely under the broad brim of the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invali i--the white, hollow, close shaved cheeks, the great, sunken dark eyes, with the blue circles round them, suggesting a far from perfect state of health. On meet ing him Tady, with the usual respect a his sountrymen for their clergy, made him a rebpectluol reverence, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as the stranger stopped to speak to his landlord. "A strange looking man and a sinkly one, I should say," observed Leonard when they had separated by some steps. "He belongs to some foreign order I think-eh, Tady ?" "Aye, sir, the dress is different from ounr slergy ? but what eyes he has-they seemed tso look right through me, an' I declare it seems to me as if I'd seem 'em before some where." ' Maybe you did, Tady. There were two or three continental priests at Corbally col lIeoting for some charity last summer." "I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost a mass while they were there, an' I seen 'em all." "I don't think you ever lost a mass if you could help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel here." "No I" replied Tady viciously, "it's mostly Protestants that are at ~Marrans --the hathens; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgettin' you wor one, but you must own that it there were as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't be without a church' or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that there is a priest. If he's in orders 'twill be a great comfort to me." They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose pleasant countenance had a broad smile on it as they moved on, Tady falling, as he always did, a little in the rear. "You have heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ?" said Leonsrd. "I don't know that it was exactly the agreeable nature of what Father James told me that tickled me, but it was the idea of Paddy's sensations when he hears it. What do you think the priest told me, Tady ?" "He wouldn't tell you anything bad, any. how," the Irishman replied stoutly. "Of course not, but something very unex pected. What do you think he is going to do, Mr. Presser?" " "I can't guess." " He is going to open up the old ground we have just been inspecting. He is going over to see it now. He says that he has' a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ?" "I'll tell you what I think I" cried Conner, triumphantly. ".I think that priest or no priss he won't get No. 2 claim, for I'll go slck and peg it out this minnit I By Jove, we can set all the ghosts in the country at defiance now when there's a clergyman in the ground, an' we'll take plinty ov gold back to ould Corbally yet afther all, Mr. Leonard I " CHAPTER III. Lccvron his companions suddenly, Tady Cqnnor started back toward the gully they had just left, but long before he reached it he saw the tall, black figure of the priest stand near the scattered spot which had been the grave of Colonel St. Herrick, and it seemed to the Irishman that in spite of the presence of that old man, the gloom of the spot was deeper, and the gaunt branches of the dead trees even more threatening of aspect than they had been a short hour previous; but he east the fancy from him with an execration en his own folly. " I was ever an' always a fool with the superstition, an' I must have sucked it wid me mother's milk, for she was just as bad I What'ud make the place blacker because the father is there ?" and he trod toward him with a step that made the dry sticks crack, and the dead grass rustle. The clergyman heard the sounds and turned slowly to meet, as he doubtless expected, the gentleman he had so lately parted from, but a quick frown shaded the white face as he drew the broad hat lower over it at sight of Tady Connor. "Mr. Pollard tould me that ye wor goin' to take up one of the old claims, your reverence, and I came back to tell ye that No. 2 is mine. 'You see I worked it long ago, and it belongs of right to me, plaze your reverence. "I am not in orders," was the reply, in a deep, hollow voice as if the words were spoken through clenched teeth, "and claim no right as a clergyman. What is that you are saying about these claims?" "Mr. Pollard see you're goin' to work 'em, sir, an' I am makin' it known to you that No. 2 was my claim long ago." "When?" asked the man we know as Father James. "lNearly twelve years ago, your reverence, before that murtherin' villain Dan Lyona killed the Colonel in this claim-may the curse of God rest on him now and for ever, amen I" Father James started back almost as if tle impulsive Irishman had struck or threatened him, and Tady's repentance was quickly evinced. "I beg your reverence's pardon, humbly," he said; " but when I think of the scoundrsl I forgets myself. You have heard about Colonel St. Herrick's bein' dog out dead here, sir?" "Yes, I have.heard the story. Andyou worked here ?" " Yes, sir, in No. 2-that shaft there; and I'll work in it again, please God, now that your reverene is going to have a hand in it." "I tell you, man, I am not in orders, and I don't want any of your reverences," Father James repeated angrily, as he turned his thin white face away from Tady. " Sorra one o' me cares whether you are in orders or not, your *reverence," reiterated Tady. '"Atall events, you wor once,an'. I knows my duty in respect to the clergy. Besides"--and the speaker dropped his voice and looked around him timorously-" it gives me courage to stand here ancar a man that has stood before the altar." "What do you mean ? What are you afraid of, you fool ? Do you think that a dead man has power to harm you ?" "No, your reverence; but you know well that the place where a soul has been parted from the body by foul murder is accursed. Look round you, sir; the trees have witheremd here, and the grass won't grow. There isn't a bird ever sings in them dead branches, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that hard clay; but I b'lieve in my heart that if the murderer was to come and put his foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up." Involuntarily Father James drew his foot back from the spot where it had rested on the sunken level, and an angry red burned in hbls hollow cheeks. "You are a fool, I:told you that before," he said, "as if Nature's laws would-permit of miracles; but I wish it was true. I wish that the ground would open at the todah of Dan Lyons' foot, for 'twould save me a good dealof labor digging quot all this soil." " Does your revecene know where he is?" added Tady, in open.mouthed wonder. "KnowI not I, of course not; but one fool makes many, and we are told to answer a fool accoording to his folly." "Yes air," Tady replied humbly, though he didn't at all understand what Father James meant, "But will you please to tell me sir if it's true that your going to open up No.1 again ?" "I am," was the short reply; "I have machinery commng up in a day or two, and a mnk that knows the ground to work it. Which shaft do you claim ?" "That one err," and Tady pointed to the chaft down which the long sprays of a creep. ing plant were lovelily swaying, and I'l peg it out now for safety sake." "Have you a miners' right ?" Father James asked with a scowl. " Yes, asir, and so has Mr. Leonard; we came a purpose to dig at Marranga." " Who is Mr. Leonard?" "My master, your reverence; you saw him with Mr. Pollard a bat ago," and honest Tady launched into a volley of praises all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were the words that the priest said, but before he parted from the voluble Irishman he knew all about his long ago ex perienoes at Marranga, and his fester brother's wealth and position, while of him self or family Tady could not carry to the sownshi? one iota of intelligdnce. " A holy man," was Tady's opinion, self. expressed, as he walked to rejoin his .,oung master, "and I think be has some vow on him, he is so quiet and still." Aye I Father James had a vow on him, but it was one that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than he would of robbing a sacristy I Let us follow the clergyman and see what was his opinion of the garrulous Irishman. At the weather-stained gate that opened to the overgrown gardens of St. Herriok's, he paused for a little to look down upon the township that was plainly visible from where he stood, but had any one been there.to watch that pallid .countenance they must have recognised the fact that his thoughts were not on the white houses by the roadside, or the painted bridge over the creek, near which the V.R. on the board at the white police station was plainly visible. In the deep set eyes a lurid fire burned. The long fingers with which he clutched the top bar of the gate seemed to hold it with a grip of iron, rigid as the set teeth and compressed lips of the man. A stop came down the garden walk, but he did not hear it, for he started when a hand was laid on his arm. "Has anything gone -wrong, brother ?" was the question that he heard, and saw re peated in the dark face andthe keen eyes bent so near his own. "No-yes," was the contradistory reply. I have been down at the old place." "At the laims ?" "Yes." "And it has upset you. I thought you were of different stuff, brother." " It was not altogether that, but I met a man there whose presence may be of evil in fluence for us. Do you remember a little Irishman named Tady Connor working in the Gully twelve years ago ?" "Aye, do I; he was in No 2." "Well, he'has come back all the way from Ireland to try that claim again, and I am afraid of him." "Why ? Do you remember him? Does he know yoU ? " "Brother, you have forgotten that Dan Lyons is dead; how should I, who have never seen Marranga before, know this man, or he me?" "I stand correoted," the man who ealjed Father James " brother" said; "' yet there are sometimes fancied reseetblanes." "Yes," interrupted the priest, "and I think this Connor saw something in my face that reminded him of the past. I hope it is not so, but the idea troubled me." The brother looked long and steadily into Father James' face, and then he said with decision "There is not the moot distant family re semblsnce; there is not a line, or a feature, or an expression like Dan Lyous." "That is well. Cornelius, what sort of man was tbis Connor in those days? Dan Lyons, I think, knew very little about him." "Coonor was a fool; an iglorant, preju diced, conceited fool, who would believe any thing you told him, but was very religious in his way. Curse these religious people --they do more mischief than a host of devils I How did he treat you ? ' "With the greatest respect-with exagge rated reverence, in facet." "As a clergyman, of 'course" ,, Yes." " Oh, then it is all right; in that character you can twist Tady Conner round your finger." "I saw another old acquaintance of Dan's." "'Who '" "John Pollard." "Ah I did he see any family likeness ?" "No, I am sure he did not. I told him of our intention to re-open the claim." " That's right; and you told him also that you had one of the old men who understood bthe groend ?" lI did." "Then everything is going on right; and now I think yeou had better go in to the mother; she's been awfullyrestless sioe you went out." Father James lboked toward the west, wherein a gorgeous robe of red and purple and gold the son was saying farewell to Marranga, and a strong shudder shook him from head to foot. "Will you never get over it, brother ?" Corneline asked, with an almost womanly tenderness; " and you so strong-minded in every other way. You are ready to face the retribution we are working, for at any day and any hour, yetyou shudder at a phantom of your own faney." " It is no fanoy, Cornelins; I am ready for the living, but not for the dead. Fsny lI Is that fanoy? Are theise fancy?" and he held out his emaciated, trembling wrists. "No, but you are killing yourself by trying to fortify yourself for the imaginary horror of the night; the spirits you drink would kill the strongest man alive." "It does not kill me, I should die withouos it,'.' He turned toward the house, half hidden by the trees, as he was speaking, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that seemed shadowy enough to belong to some other world, yet had hidden beneath the black robe all the horrors that the crimes of earth could concentrate into one deed. The house known as St. Herriok's was a low- roofed building of small accommodation, and its dark stone walls were so covered with ivy, that only here and there where the gleam of small windows made themselves known, could the material of which it was built be identified. It had more than the gloomy look, too, of a house antenanted for long years, especially at sunset, when the tall cypress-like trees cast their long shadows seoross the threshold. ' Btanding on the threshold as the brothers approached it, was an indolent-looking young Elrl of low stature and a heavy build. Every feature in her faees was heavy, from the snub noe and the slow, dark eyes, to the thick fringe of black hair cut straigbh across her low flat forehead. See had a sulky look, too, as she stoMd there ewatching her brothers' ap. proach lisleesly, and her sugainly figure was' so bedise ed with soiled fiery, in the shape of lace and.ribbone tbhat the befringed and be. sounoced black dress looked shabbier than even it was under the asocrast. "It iso't bad en.ug s to so be in a gaol like this, but we must ho nsarved waiting for our supper." she asid, *ulleoly, as Father James passed her, ansd wast loside, tot Cornelios onl? laushed in her face as he chacked her fat, heavily moulded chin. •' A pretty g'rl like you, lJra, wont be in gaol. as you call it, long. You'll be having so end of 'sweethearts aboot youwhen the Mrrangsa bays begin to find you out.'' " I don't taink there's ane boys aboot," she said. with a pout of her thinok lips. "That's where you're wrong, Nora; there was one asking about you to-day." "Now ycu're up to some of your larks, Cors'y," she said, doubtingly; but her eyes oparklebd, and her brother saw it. "Faith I'n not. Oh, honor bright, Nora, he saw you through the trees, and he's boond to make your acquaintance." "Who is he ?" the girl asked eagerly. " His name is Tady Cannor." "Tady Connor," she repeated thoughtfully; and little guessed Cornelinus Brady, as he called himself, what a bomb of destruntion he had thrown under his own roof when he mentioned the name of Tady Connor to his sister Nora. In the kitchen of St. Herrioks, which, it would seem, was heod as a common room by the Brady family, a smoking supper was spread upon the table, at which a woman or some sixty years was standing when Father James entered. She was a tall, thin woman, with strong hands and wiry arms-the hands and arms of a woman who had worked hard all her life, and was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn up from her low forehead nnder a white muslin oap, her dress was pinned up over a blue woollen petticoat, and a hecked spron was spread over all the front of her skirts. A small shawl covered her shoulders, and was crosesed on her breast, and it a person had corsorily glanced at Mrs. Brady they must have set her down as an active, bustling woman, and a notable honse witfse. . (To to roetiuesed.) 