SIR HENRY PARKES IN DUNDEE. Between tbe time, abont 21 years ago, when Sir Henry Parkes visited the United Kingdom as an emigration Ieotnrer in tbe pay of the New South Wales Government, and tbe present, a remarkable change has come over tbe mind of the British pnblio in regard to Australia. Then infinite trouble bad to be taken, not to persuade people to come out to the colony, bnt to persuade tbem to assemble to bear what the lectnrer had to say. Now, however, the sitnation is completely reversed, and people are pntting themselves to trouble to get all tbe information they can con cerning this country. When he last ar rived in England Sir Henry Parkes made np bis mind tbat he wonld not daring his visit deliver any pnblio addresses on tbe subject of tbe colonies. He bad, he considered, pretty well exhausted tbat snbjeot daring tbe visit be bad made a few months before. Bnt no sooner did be set bis foot in Scotland than be was besieged with applications to speak on tbe theme. He bad, of coarse, to consent ; and, nnder tbe patronage of tbe most in fluential oitizens, he delivered addresses in .Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Dnndee. The ad dress in the last-named plaoe was delivered abont six weeks ago, and the remarkable thing conneoted witb it is that the portions which were strictly and literally trne were regarded by part of the andience as trnth mixed with fiction. Dr. Johnson believed in tbe existence of the Cook-lane ghost, bnt disbelieved tbe report of the earthquake at Lisbon. Similarly, tbe" Dnndee Advertiser" regards 6omeof Sir Henry Parkes's extrava gant statements as philosophio utterances, and bis bald matters of faot aB the creations of an Oriental fancy. The veritable Sir Henry was expressing himself when be told his dazed Dundee audience tbat " he had no " donbt whatever tbat the British nation " would develop a type of life, a form of free " institutions, agencies for progress nnder " southern skies, far excelling whatever the " British raoe bad done in the Western " Hemisphere." And also, when speaking of Australia, he said that " be thought if it " were practicable it wonld be a good thing " for the British people even to ohange the " seat of Government to this virgin land of " Bucb immense extent, of snoh vast re- " souroeB, of snoh varieties of soil and " climate All thiB oharaoteristio high- falutin passed for gospel with the " Dun dee Advertiser bnt when Sir Henry told bis andience that a man with moderate means might hove in this colony a square mile of land all to himself, that tbe edncation here is given almost for nothing, tbat the " ohnrohes " and colleges are largely more commodious " than the colonies yet require," and tbat povorty is hardly known, tbe saeptioal news paper suggests tbat snoh a story might do for the marines, but it wonld not bs swal lowed by the literary men of Dnndee. The paper exhibited equal inorednlity in regard to a statement of Sir Henry, that " within the " li'eiime of obildren now born — unless be " guaily mistook the future — there would be " in Australia an English population more " numerous than the population of Great " Britain." Tbat was supposed to be pro phecy gone mad. But, nevertheless, it is amongst the probabilities that the prophecy will be fulfilled. The criticism upon Sir Henry Parkes' address proves that even the beBt informed men in an important Scot tish town have an inadequate conception of the extent to wbicb tbe colonies have deve loped during the past few years ; and tbe fact that tbe prominent men in the chief cities of Scotland importuned bim to deliver pnblio addresses on Australia, and tbat those addresses were listened to by crowdB of in fluential citizens, proves bow deep is the interest which is felt by tbem in the colonies. 