JOHN BROWN: AND HIS DOG FAITHFUL BY REV. E. W. HOLDEN LAWRENCE, CLARENCE RIVER, N. S. W. CHAPTER XXV.—CONTINUED. " Yes," ejaculated Achates, when alone in his room. "Yes, three o'clock to- morrow; ' earth to earth, ashes to ashes.' Our difficulty—Hebe and the dog. The landlord is imperative, the body must be removed. Poor John Brown. Yet why should I use that untruthful expression—poor, when a good man dies ; is he not better off? Yea, ten thousand times. Yet that worse than meaningless phrase. The diffi- culty will be Hebe and the dog, but I wrote Miss B———to come and persuade the darling Hebe to go for a walk at a quarter to three. Then comes the query, will Faithful go with her ? It is possible he will, if she makes the attempt. It must be done without raising her suspicion. How the old dog shook his sagacious head to-day, when I introduced the veterinary surgeon to him, so as to be able to say on the morrow to Hebe—the vet. says the dog must be taken for a run. But master Faithful dropped down to our dodge, and sent the animal doctor to the right-about. But they must be got away. It pains me sadly to have recourse to such means to accom- plish the end ; but we are in a grave, serious dilemma. But what will be the sad, heartrending scene when they return and find what has taken place. They must not return. Faithful is to be muzzled), but who will do it ; looked up in a room. Then he will die of grief, poor old dog. Fate wills it. I will never return to this house : no, that I could not stand. At once to England, as soon as John Brown's affairs are settled. Ah, Hebe, and yes, for you Faithful, my heart bleeds." Next day at two o'clock Miss B———arrived. She found the fatherless Hebe looking very care-worn deep dark circles surrounding the eyes, that spoke of sleepless nights and anxious days. Kind, motherly Miss B———worked with Hebe with every adroitness and skill. Would her dear pupil go for a short walk—she had left her school on purpose. The fatherless one was silent ; appeared to be reflecting, weighing every word spoken by her kind friend and teacher. Hebe looked up after a while, with her dry, tear- less, yet morbile eyes, and sighed a long deep sigh— that audible respiration of grief that no pen can describe. " Come, dear girl, into the park, and we will take the old dog too. " Our heroine turned her eyes to her canine friend, as if appealing to that sage. He was sitting looking at his master's face. The child laid her hand on his head, as a further appeal ; but Faithful moved not. He heeded not her touch, but sat on with eyes fixed, and giving a subdued whine. This was enough, those fixed eyes and appeal went to the orphan's heart. So, tho' she felt the fresh air would do her good, she turned and spoke : "Thanks, thanks; dear, dear Miss B———; I cannot, cannot go. Should dear Mr Brown. . . . No, I must not leave the house. Stay with me as long as you can please, and I shall be better." Poor Achates tried his powers in a kindly manner, but it was fruitless. They saw something must be done at once, so left the fatherless with the dead. In the next room they had an earnest conference, something to this effect : " The poor, dear girl will go mad on that point." " I am afraid so; it is quite a hallucination with her. Get her to go to her room with you to rest, and I will endeavour to muzzle Faithful, and then re- move him. If we cannot get her to do this, we must remove both by main force. Come quickly, the hearse will be here in ten minutes." Miss B——— returned alone, to ward off suspicion. Miss B———'s words were all in vain. Achates came in, but the orphan was immovable. There sat the dog, watching his master, Hebe was sitting by his side, with one arm around his neck. At last they tried to remove her by gentle force. The bloodhound Newfoundland immediately turned to spring—yea, did spring, for all his fierce blood was up, when fortunately for all, poor Hebe seized him by the silver collar—that silver collar—Hebe crying out : "I see all now. You were deceiving me; you would take me away, that you might bury my guardian. Get out of the room for your lives ; I cannot hold the dog. (Faithful all the while drag- ging her along in his mad, death-bent struggles.) Go, leave the room for your lives, or I will let him go." On, on Faithful dragged her, tho' she appeared to have super-human strength given for the work. On, on he went, lashing his tail in mad anger, Miss B and Achates backing away down the long room. " For heaven's sake, go," Hebe cried, as the dog dragged her down—dragged her along on her knees. At last Miss B———and Achates fled in terror, Achates pulling the door after him just as he saw Faithful free himself and bound to the door, leaving poor Hebe bleeding from the superhuman struggle. The orphan had done what even John Brown would not have dared to do. How many illustrations have we of the fact that the most savage dog will permit a child to do what an adult dare not. And Faithful showed it, for he quickly returned and stretched himself beside the prostrate and almost insensible orphan, licking her hands, and showing by every sign sorrow and sympathy. Poor Hebe's fingers were out to the very bone by the silver collar—that silver collar her own uncle's wrong-doing to John Brown had earned the dog. After a time she sat up, and placed her arms around the old dog's neck, as she had done years before—as she had done the very first morning Faithful and she had met ; when she had played with the old dog as a little child, in that very same hotel she now was in ; the day she was in sorrow for the death of her father ; the day the old dog saved her life ; the day John Brown held out his strong arms under the balcony, and caught her as the old dog sprang at his master's bidding, holding her in his great mouth. As Hebe sat alone in that chamber of death, John Brown the once strong one, laid low. I say as she sat there on the floor, that other day of death came to her mind in all its sorrows ; and as she looked around the room, she felt she was again in the presence of sorrow. There she sat on the floor, as she had sat on the verandah floor. She felt she was a mere child once more—the little Hebe we first met, reader—the bright-eyed child. That day when the old dog left his master's side for the little one—from that day they had been hard and fast friends. Hebe sat on thinking. Tears cams to her eyes, coursing down her pale checks as she thought of all of the sombre room in the weather boarded cottage containing her father's dead body ; of the darkened room she now sat in, containing the body of her dearly loved guardian. That other day the dog had saved her life ; this day the had been instrumental in sav- ing the lives of two she dearly was attached to. That day she mourned as a child ; this day she was called upon to act as a woman. As Hebe had, as it were, two natures,—the child-nature and the full-grown woman—so the two day scenes were to an extent the sorrowing child and the womanly firmness. Two days were a type of Hebe. How long Hebe would have sat on thinking it is hard to say, had not Faithful made a move with a whine, and started off towards his master's bed. Hebe first looked the door of the room, then fol- lowed the Newfoundland with trembling steps. " We are done for " said Achates, when they found themselves outside of the room. Both were white as ghosts to the temples. The hearse was sent away from before the door of the hotel. In the house the people were in a state of uproar and consternation. To think that a young lady,—a schoolgirl—was locked up alone with a corpse ! " Break open the door," said one. "Send for the officers of the law," cried another. " Rush the room," jerked out a third. Achates was equal to the occasion, and soon shoved the would-be master outside of the room. Up came Lyndhurst, putting his command as fol- lows : " I insist upon the door being opened immediately, and then we shall shoot that confounded bloodhound." Achates wheeled round upon him with eyes of fire, saying, " " You insist ; you shoot the dog ! Do you remem- ber losing a swag between Blackwood and Dayles- ford? Do you know that dog tracked you to your camp? Do you know that he carried that swag back to his master ? Do you remember what docu- ments belonging to Mr. Brown were found in that swag ? Leave the house, lest I publish to the world the whole doing of Simon Lyndhurst Handslip, the barrister, and take further steps to have you at once under the thumb of————." Lyndhurst quailed again, coward that he was. A deadly whiteness spread over his face. Here was the explanation of how he lost his swag ; here the solu- tion that he had again and again pondered over. Never was he so hipped, root and branch. He saw disgrace—penal servitude—all the horrors of impri- sonment. Out of the house he went, like a whipped cat—a cur dog—a condemned villain. Out he went, with a shiver running through his frame. When he reached the street, he ground his teeth, saying under his breath, " Achates, as I live I will have my revenge some day for this." One by one the people left Achates alone ; they saw his blood was up. The landlord came upstairs to expostulate with him, and talked about sending for the police to force the door. The language of the man was such—so offensive, that Achates' reply was,— " Hark my words, I will pay you fully for all your trouble, &c.; but no man enters that room. If he does so, it shall be over my dead body. I care not to live ; my only friend is dead. I will die defending the child and the noble dog. Go sir, leave me alone. Attend to Miss B———well. Leave me ; you know my decision." Achates at once returned to the door of the cham- ber of death, and gave a gentle knock. Hebe at once rose and went to the door, and with- out opening it, said,— " Who is there ?" "I, Achates, dear Hebe?" " I will not open the door, so go away and leave me. You, Mr Achates, would—yea, did deceive me." " I will not ask to come in if you will it so. No one shall enter the room without your will ; I am determined of that. I will sit here to protect you and the poor noble dog. Be at peace, dear Hebe. God help you. Remember, I shall sit here, to be as near you as I can, and share your guardianship of the friend of us both." " Well, you may sit outside ; I have all I want in the room. Achates sat him down, with a loaded six-chamber revolver in his right hand. " Would that we were all dead—dead, and at rest as you, dear John Brown—at peace," he murmured, as the hot tears fell on and on. But let us draw a curtain over poor Achate's thoughts and tears, for none should see a man's tears but God. Inside the room, the old dog sat with that same intent, earnest gaze on his master's face that was broken when the attempt was being made to remove Hebe. It was such an earnest watch ; such a deep, earnest look. Nothing seemed to attract his atten- tion, or break the spell of that gaze. The old dog appeared to be watching as if his master were but sleeping, and he watching for the first sign of awak- ing. No food of any kind had the old dog taken since the day all had declared his master dead. He would lap a little water, when held in a bowl by the hand of Hebe. She offered him water now, but no heed did he take, excepting by a slight movement of his fine tail, as if in thankfulness of her thoughtfulness. The poor heart broken patient Hebe sat by the old dog's side, with one arm around his neck, resting her head against him. Still the old dog moved not, nor did the orphan— the two watching the sleeping dead. Oh ! the still- ness of that room—the stillness of those watching hours that afternoon. The sun was nearing the horizon—about the time all would have been returning from the funeral, had not Hebe and Faithful prevented it. Hebe rose a moment, to see that the lamp and matches were all ready for use. She raised the blind to see the setting sun go down. Still the old dog stirred not ; not a muscle of his fine frame moved. His eyes seemed fixed in his head on the gastly face of his master. As Hebe raised the blind, the beautiful crimson sun shot its rays of light ere it dipped or disappeared below the horizon, brightening up the whole death room with its refulgent rays, giving a flood of light shining, brilliant, brightness, refulgency, that ushers in the morn after a long, dark, dark night, remind- ing one of the time when God said, " Let there be light." The old dog gave a quick succession of barks almost at the moment. Hebe turned quickly at the sound, and with one loud scream that rent the air, vibrating through every room of the house, fell fainting at the old dog's side. Achates in an instant forced the door to see. Oh, joy ! Oh, joy ! The hand of his noble friend John Brown on the old faithful dog's head ; resting as on that day when all declared his master dead— resting as if it never had been removed—resting on that noble animal—tho' but a dog—that never doubted, never questioned his master's awaking—rested on that head that proved its wisdom beyond human ken. Fitting it should be so ; fitting the first recognition of the master, when waking from his comatose state, should be of his noble, faithful, true, patient canine friend. Even Hebe, the loving, heart broken, patient, suffering one, would not have had it otherwise. No, the old dog was her teacher—he the instrument in the hands of a higher power, that first gave her faith that her loving guardian was not dead ; he, the old dog, that first day and night buoyed her up in face of all opposition ; he had not only led her step by step, hour by hour, but had brought her to the goal, He had not saved her life for nothing ; he had not brought her from Montague House without a pur- pose. The old dog knew her better than she knew herself ; that in her he would have a faithful ally. There was light and joy in that room. An ante type—(I speak in all deep reverence)—an antetype of the resurrection more. The lifeless Hebe (to all appearance) was carried out of the room by Miss B., the poor old dog walking after his child companion as if his task was not yet done. She had been his faithful ally day and night, and now in her hour of need he would prove her friend. So he left his master's side—as he had done once before in her hour of danger—and followed into the next room. He watched them lay the child- woman on a sofa, and sat him down to see what they would do. As they bathed her temples, he rose and licked that deeply-wounded hand, cut by his silver collar in his hard and great struggle to have revenge on those that would, as he thought, injure her. The old dog never left her side, or showed any im- patience, till he saw Miss B.'s efforts brought our dear heroine out of her faint. Then the old dog walked away back to his master's room. Then, placing his two great fore feet on the bedside, licked his master's face ; then stretched himself by thee bed- stead, as if satisfied with what he had done. 