GIRLS’ GOSSIP. (From Truth.) —From yours afffectionste cousin, MADGE. DEAREST AMY,—We have just got back from the Private View at the Grosveuor Gallery. The pictures ate, of course, delightful, the exhibition consiting of the works of Sir Joshua Reynold*.’ But, socially considered, tha.pri vote view is no longer what : it was.- .Two or three years ago almost everybody present .was a celebrity o£ some , sorry many.pf, them-atari of Bome mßgaitude in the literary, - dramatic, or 'nrtiatio world, and they were surrounded by quite a Milky Way of small twinklAs,..s'Now, there aVa scores of {aces, that no. one knows. The crowd is composed of insignificant items, dotted hers and there with • well- known; {apes. But, alas 1 the i glory, has • departed ; and even the scarecrowa no longer assemble there ‘in their strength, - A few lingering {rights still haunt the scene, but they are.unbheefed and unsustained - by - ■ numbers, and- look like the ghosts of IdrmerVsesthetos revisiting the glimpses of: the gas in ; their' once beloved haunts; A mahogany tinted girl, olad in saddest sage-green, with a handkerchief round her neck " of most unholy bine," so charnel like was it of hue, wandered about, occasionally ooming into strong contrast with a lady with hectic cheeks and dress to match. There were no original garments to be seen, and few effec tive costumes'. Those wholly red were the moat conspicuous, except perhaps a terracotta gown relieved by the dark brown complexion of its wearer. I wonder by whst procees those carious people’inShage to efface all .natural tints from their faces,'■''and to. resemble Burne-Jones' corpaejike maidens/ Do they bleach or starve themselves? or how is it brought about ? It is odd that any woman:' should take pains to render herself so hideous and uninteresting. . I am sore that no man in his senses would willingly select n Burne-Jones maiden—or even one of hia angels from “ The Golden Stair”—to ■live with. They look too billions to bo good tempered, and women with those yearning eyes and passionate lips could oever make good housekeepers. Maud is looking over my shoulder, and says I am " hopelessly practical and commonplace,” an<T that no one ever marries a girl became; she ia a good housekeeper, I quite agree that housewifely qualities will never catch the bird (unless he is a very old one), but I am certain that they go very far towards keeping him when caught, Maud says the Burne-Jones maidens are " all soul "j but X contend that ■in that esse they are beyond the sympathies of everyday beings like us, with what Miss Rhoda Broughton calls “nice, soft, comfortable bodies,” enclosing our individualities. Is it not pleasant to know that one can be provided with a family ghost at a very small charge t I suppose it could be sent home with a aet of ancestors and ancestresses from War dour street, and a family crest and motto from the Heraldic Office. ‘ A family ghost is a com modity that I, personally, have no desire to have anything to do with, but I have no doubt that there are many excellent families who feel the need of some little distinctive append- j age of the kind, to help to vindicate their claims to position. An aroma of ‘‘long de scent" Hangs round the possessors of a family ghost. I wish Mr and Mra Jones, of P-.rveuu place, would commission me to ord-r them one. I should eet about it with immense .gusto. Item, one complete set of hollow groans; item, invisible footst-ps; item, one long wild shriek; and so on. H iw well these particulars would look in the bill! I must not forget to tell you about the toya we sow at the *• Truth" Competitive Exhibition. “ The Bungalow” was simply a wonderful doll's house. It was constructed on the plan of an Indian bungalow, and was divided down the centre by a narrow passage, which was covered with matting. Two rooms were on either side of this passage. The room was neatly thatched and adorned wi'h picturesque red chimneys The furniture was most in geniously made, the chairs being constructed of matches cut down to the various requisite lengths, which were fastened together by means of small nail.pins. The frames of the easychaira were merry thoughts of ducks, covered with gilt paper. The water jug wae modelled, and very well modelled, in gutta paroho. The gis globes were white, round, opaque b-ads. But I could not enume rate all the ingenious devices adopted by the competitor who sent in thie hous“. Another, made of perforated cardboard nailed upon wood, was also very cleverly put together and furnished. All the furniture wae made of card board, cut out in designs. A dear little ward robe wae particularly good. The flowerpots were modelled in potty and then coloured red. The plates on ths dinner tsblo were made of flat, white buttons. One doll's house, covered with whits cotton wool to represent snow, was very attractive at first sight, but the maker of it appeared to have exhausted hit or her stock of ingenuity on the outside of the house. The “ Finding of Moses " was a clever river scone, and mast have coat conaidorable timo and trouble. Pharoah's daughter and her attendants were correct io costume. So were the alligators. That of the infant Moses was suited to the climate of Egypt. Miriam was not forgotten, but her position was rather prominent. A model of a " Farmyard " also struck us as being clover, hut I have forgotten the details. We went to see " The Millionaire," at the Court, the other evening, aud fall more deeply iu love than ever with Mrs John Wood. Without her tbo play would be rather gloomy; but it is deiioioue to hear her say, “ Well, you know, there mast be some thing nice about her, for her third husband died the other day, and the first and seond went to the funeral.” Of the same lady, someone asks, “ Has she not been very much married ?" to which Mrs John Wood answers, in a reflective sort of a way, ” Weil, aha is what I call a large hearted woman," remind ing us of the lady in another play who did not "keep a heart, but a hotel.” Avery different expedition did we make on Christmas Eve, when we wended our muddy wsy to Ham Yard, Windmill street, in order to sea the poor people receive their piece of beef, plum pudding, buscuits, tea and sugar, and the hands of tha charitable people who have organised a kindly work. About a 1000 persons wore, supplied with these provisions during tha afternoon, but we stayed a little, while. The puddings were ranged like rows of cannon balls on tbo shelves, and the pieces of beef ia a lordly heap occupied nearly the whole side of tne room. The people accepted the food quietly, without ex hilaration, and seldom expressed auygratitudo. I think it is a sort of shyness that makes them withhold their thanks, but I am sure they are not really ungrateful. Maud was full of pity for the thio, pale little-children, with their patient, little wistful faces. This strange, dull patience must be a part of the inheritance of the poor. Wo came away feel ing rather eaddened, bat the tremenous busi ness of baying Christmas boxes soon drove everything elss from our minds. Of course, we had left a number of things to the - last moment, aod equally, of course, the very shops wo wanted to go to were those that had closed from the Saturday till Thursday. How ever, wo managed pretty well, I hope you liked the long chimney- screen, with silk po.-kets, that I sent you. It hooks on to the mantel board, and forms a screen from the fire, as well as a convenient receptacle for the fan, or for scissors and cotton, if one is at work. I am such a fire worshipper, and get so scorched when engaged in devotions, that I have invested ia one, and have contrived a bow of ribbon and e book and loop by which to rill'it op and keep it out of the way when not in use. Mrs Fourstara had a children's party the day after Christmas, and,, instead of having a tree, she arranged alt the presents for the little ones as birds's-nests among tha leafage of the decorations.' Her ) two. pretty drawingrooms . and dear little conservatory, just large enough to keep well-filled without very much'expense, looked wonderfully pretty, with >bushes ,ot greenery in every cornt-r, each containing “ neats" with varied contents. Other neats bang from brackets in ' pendi n t , branches,.and yet others were.tacked in-the angles of serhena : with spraye of ivy dr mistletoe thrown over : them.. Jtwas-pretty toeea- : the go birds* hosting,; and- to of delight at-each fresh ‘discovery. . -Every :nest; :bad:-a card.'tiad to -it' with-'.:the name- of-the small guest for whom it : was intended, and it was artfully contrived (bat most of ..the children should find their own. \- .-The hours were very sensible.- ’.The children arrived at half-past 3 and left bafu‘re.7, so that they’ did'not become over-tired or. cross, ; Vary few-oL them ' Were over- dressed—another good effect-of-the- early hours. - One little scrip :of fi va'waa ittired like a fashion)plate, ,and looked - Jika.jaCminUtura woman.-'.:,Consequently-she wasiatflrst .painfully self-eonkcmus/ahd. after wards .rather jopndesoending ; -Foolish-mothers make theirpbUdranauilpyable,' and''then wonder that Vahyooeoan prefer^ that little, badly-dressed Mary to my .darling, clever, stylish Angela." In- Paris, for-New Tear's Day'gifts, tbo’ liny gold or silver pig, "fwßioh has bseu worn of late, as n. forteoonhiur, attached to.watch chains, bracelets, &01, is Vow' replaced" by the Gallia cook; you see him in enamel, in silver,.in gold, or on letter-paper and envelope). - strutting, proudly otad. raising his comb. Greys of all shades are very fashionable just now for morn ing or 'afternoon dresses. 'Good bye.- 