PBO YOKING. Some texts of Scripture have been very unfortunately used. Somebody, at some distant time, has misquoted or mis applied them; others have followed in the same line ; a rut has been made, and the multitude follow, like water flowing in a furrow. We do not refer here to instances in which the translation may be obscure or defective. In the cases to which we point, the sense is given correctly, fully, and clearly. It is the reader, not the translator, who is at fault. We would help to rescue some of these precious words from the untoward posi tion into which they have fallen. An example is given in Heb. x. 24 : " And let us consider one another to pro voke unto love and to good works." This t9xt is often not only misapplied, but actually misquoted, in order to accom modate it to the foreign meaning which has been imposed upon the words. People carelessly quote the verse to justify them selves in adopting some course that is calculated to " provoke" their neighbours unto love and good works. Does not the Scripture encourage and enjoin us "to provoke one another unto love "? No : the Scripture does no such thing; this, although not done intentionally, is to wrest the Scripture. The words means another, means an opposite thing. It prescribes a method whereby we may quicken love in our own hearts, and draw forth good works in our own lives, not in those of our neighbours. Looking to the ordinary intercourse of life, and especially listening to what people say of absent neighbours, one would almost be led to conclude that the Bible had said, " Let a man examine his neighbour." So, in this case, we glide away from ourselves, the subject with which the passage enjoins us to deal, and meddle with other people, with whom we have no business. What this Scripture enjoins upon us in regard to other people is to consider, . not to provoke, them. We are invited to consider our neighbours; in order to pro voke, or stir up or kindle; love in our own heartB towards those who are in need. Strictly and literally rendered, the text reads : " And let us consider one another, in order to a paroxysm of love and good worksi" We have given the Greek word "paroxysm" untranslated, because it has been naturalized in our language. It means sharpening or kindling up. The only other example of its use in the form of a noun in the New Testament (Acts xv. 89) occurs in relation to the disagree ment between Paul and Barnabas re garding Mark. There the noun is ren dered " sharp contention." It expresses a "kindling up," without determining the character of the emotion. In .that case, which is the history of a fact, it was anger that broke out ; in our text, which is a precept, it is love that should burst into a flame. When the Scripture pre- , scribes what ought tobe, it demands a paroxysm of love; when the Scripture describes what actually happened even among good men, alas ! it is a paroxysm of anger. Besides the plain meaning of the language, the nature of the case affords a1 demonstration that it is in ourselves and not in our neighbours that the apostle desires to kindle love. He bids us con sider another, with a view to generate love. Now I may consider my neigh bour very earnestly a whole day, and my act may produce an effect on my own emotions, but it cannot possibly have any effect on him. He does not know that I am considering him at all. All the more fitted is my act to kindly love in my own breast if I have complied with the two commands which imme diately precede ; read them shortly in their connection : " Let us draw near... ... let us hold fast... . and let us consider one another." When a man draws .near to Christ, and holds , fast, by the anchor within the veil, and from the stand-point of the pardoned and accepted looksrouhd upon the world, love will" burn itr his ' heart, and he will throw himself with all' his force upon the work of winning the' lost to the Saviour. ''1 ' The same word in its verbal ' form -is: employed (Acts xvii. 16) to express' Paul's emotions when he first beheld the: abounding idolatry of Athens. He " con- ' sidered" these proud but wretched1 idola-1 tors, and his spirit was stirred withini him at the sight. A paroxysm of 'love; sprang up in his compassionate heart,: and a stream of good works immediately began to flow. : '7 Here then is a line of life for us ; not to provoke our 'neighbours— there is' too much of that in the world— but to provoke ourselves. We do need kindling ; and the scriptural prescription for producing the flame is, "Consider one another." Each man is "one," and his' duty is to consider some "other" man. ; In the choice of subjects, a Chris tian need not be at a loss ; he has only to follow the Master's footsteps. He drew near to the neediest ; and the needi est, by a reciprocal attraction, "drew near " to him. He has promised us that we shall never want an object whereon, for our own soul's health, we may pour out our love. Consider that drunkard and his miser able home; consider, as in the Scotch ballad, "the drunkard's ragged wean." Fix your eyes on the object until the eye affect the neart, and the fire of love begin to burn there. That flame will spread ; it cannot be confined ; it will embody itself in some earnest works to reclaim and save. . , Consider these orphan' children of a neighbour dead : consider them until their begins a burning in the breiast— a fire that will not permit us to enjoy our own plenty until we have taken measures to get food and education for the helpless little ones. Consider the youth whose steps are sliding on slippery places. He is some- body's son. Visit him. Speak to him when alone. Invite him to the house. Encourage him to arise and go to his Father. Enough to rescue the text from misap prehension. This is the channel in which its meaning flows. No critical or dog matical difficulty adheres to it. The moment one's attention is called to it the meaning shines out. Don't provoke your neighbour in any sense or in any way. The Scriptures do not command this — do not permit this. "Consider" him; that is your duty ; and if he is in need, let the sight of his suffering kindle a flame of love and compassion in your heart. Let that love be the fire-force within which will generate motion outward— generate an outgoing power to save your brother. We have already seen one example of the process described by the Bame word in Paul's experience at Athens. When the Apostle of the Gentiles reached at length the capital of Greece, he formed a comprehensive plan of campaign. He sent back a message to his two younger associates to join him with all speed, and proposed to await their arrival before he should begin. But as soon as,, he got a glimpse of the city's interior/he broke through his plan. He "considered " these men, and the sight of their wretched condition threw him into a paroxysm of compassion. The love so kindled broke forth in efforts to save. So, without waiting for his companions, he assailed alone the fortress where Satan had his seat. But we have a higher example. A greater than Paul is here. The Son of God, knowing the end from the beginning, presciently saw the sons of men plunged into sin and misery — a lost world. He considered us in our low estate, and a poroxysm of divine compassion'1 was kindled in His heart. He loved the lost, and His love broke forth in that one good work which fills all time, — the redemption of the Binful by the self- Bacrifice of their Bedeemer. In the duty of considering others in order to be thereby stirred up to love and good work, He has left us an example that we should follow His steps. Tile Hottest Day. — Regarding the lioat Mr. H. C. Russell, Government Astrono- . mor, kindly furnished the Sydney Morning Herald with the following information : — "The great heat of last month was in excess of anything I could remember, and I have, therefore, made a search through the records to test the question. Taking the lower limit as 85; all the days when the tempera ture rose above this limit have been tabulated from 1859 to 1884, and I find that, with one exception, December, 1883, was the hottest December for the whole period. The other year is 1868, and it is remarkable how closely, the two records agree. This is the 'more, noteworthy from the fact that in the 25 years no other December came near these in the prolonged intensity of the heat : — 1868\. 1883. December 6 86'0 December 6 95T December 12 923 December "12 '' 99-6' December 15 880 December 13 87-1 December 16 94-3 . December ; 14 86-9 December .21 935 . December 19. ,92;2 December' 24 92-4 , December 20 94-1" December; 25-.10.lr5q December 22/,, .923- ' -Mean "... 92-6 ' ' Mean' ' -i92'5 To-day (Monday).ia the. hottest: this, summer,'' and reached lOO'O— a temperature .so,', seldom' reached-thatl am-induced to Hend-you .all. the recordeddn8tances ;SincO:1859.:. vThey are AS follow : — Nov. 20, 1862 lOO'O - . Mar.- 3j 1869,.; 102-6' Dec;"6, 1862 100-5 Jahf 13,1870 ! 105-2 J an. -5, , ,1863 . 106, -9 Deci 22,1871 ;; 103-8 Dec.; 21, 1,865 ), 102-1. mDoc. 16, 1873 : 101-0 Jam, 19, ,1866'. ,101-0.. ? l?eb. 13.1881 105-0 Dec. 25, .1865 lpl;5- .7 'Jam!7, 1884 100-0' These, are, all; the instanoe's.during 25 'years. 'in which the .shade temperature in Sydney has risen to. 100. degrees or; upwards." 7 7 V V.' . A; Strange Xeader.— Paste1,.' and Bcissors are, given a wjde. field in (journalism, ' and: .the : trick of .inserting Vallyertisements under the qgtnsA of, n'owB paragraphs or " brevities?' ./has . become,, common.' 'eriouglil But.a certain, denominational paperjast . week' took a new, departure, and actually inserted, - as a 'leading article, an .ordinary, .puff, i of Holloway's Ointment and; Pills ! Positively all the, old familiar stuff about the " purifica-, tion of the blood, &c.;,' which one has read and laughed at a thousand times, printed as a leader — nay, as the leader. The Laborer and liis Iiire.— Somebody with a talent for figuring, says the Southern Oross, having collected the statistics' of the salaries of ministers in New England, finds that' the Methodists receive on an average 560 dols. a year, the Baptists a trifle more, the Presbyterians 740 dols., and the. Episcopalians about 900 dols. And the Churches wonder that young men are not crowding into the ministry. The figures are terribly suggestive of the old deacon'B prayer, " Lord ! keep our minister bumble, and we will keep him poor." The Value of St. Peter's Bones. — Recently, the Convent of Salri- sianes, in Tuscany, was secularised, and the furniture put up for sale by auction. Ifoe former inmates of the convent had, it seems, omitted to carry away with them three seve ral collections of bones, which they had venerated as being those of the martyrs, St. Peter, St. Clement, and St. Anastasia. There are a good many chances that those are not authentic relics ; for bones of the above- named saints are to be found in many con vents in Italy and elsewhere. When the auctioneer, in the discharge of his duty as appraiser, hud to determine the value of the relics in question, he priced the bones of St. Peter at 3s. 4d., those St. Clement at 2s. .6d., and the remains of St. Anastasia at Is. 8d. ; but even at this low figure they did not meet with a purchaser. The Romish churches in Australia are very destitute of relics, and must be very disappointed at this lost oppor tunity of getting some cheaply. We suggest to them to employ an agent-general or an agent, similar to those employed by all the largo drapery firms out here, to snap up bar-; gains, and ship them out to the Antipodes. There would be money in it. An exhi- tion of such curiosities as the easily ob tained portions of the old bones of the apostles and other saiiits and martyrs, and with perhaps a few entire skeletons, be sides two or three beads of the same saint as they have in Europe, would pay wonderfully well, besides strengthening of it would afford , to the faith... of Roman Catholics, .and" taking no ' _ account' " of ; tho miracles ' of healing which the ' virtuous old ' relics would bo certain to ; perform. '' A weeping Madonna, :, such,, as recently, , seized iand sold by auction, with tupes, spirit lampsi and . machinery, according, to ; the advertisement,: "all in good order," would be an acquisition to the faithful of the colony, who, of course, would as easily as . ..their Europoau brethren , bo persuaded that tho statue wept miraculous ly, arid would shower gold on the church that possessed the wonder, and enrich the hidden, priest who set the machinery going. St. "Vincent's, as - it ' is.— Many - speak of St. Vincent's Hospital as altogether a charitable institution, benevolently aiding the public hospitals' in tending the sick' poor.. But these are now overcrowded, arid none but1 cases exceptionally urgent can bo admitted,.': : while at St. Vincent's twenty- four ' bods are,' unoccupied; Tho truth is that St. Vincent's , rather discourage tho admissiori of ribri-pay- ing patients in comparison with thoBe who Ipay and 1 1 applicants to their reverences for (admissiori who do not propose to pay, are istht1 to the public hospitals by them. St. Vincent's can only; in a Pickwickian sense, d'p considered a charitable institution. iTlie Sydney Quarterly Maga zine — We have received the second num- ,ber. "We do not careto criticise too sternly, sand we wish we could commend with any 'show of reason. One article i'b on ,' Marri age,"- which the writer appears to consider a combination of any kind whatever. If lovo and wisdom combined in creation that was -marriage.' If atom adheres to atom in matter, that is marriage. But the writer caps the absurdity by repeating such nonsense as this —" Wherever we look we see end, cause, and effect, and we know that the effect is the result of the end and cause 1" Why,' what awful stuff is here I The end is the' thing to be effected by the cause, and is' therefore itself the effect, riot the result of : the effect and cause. The whole' article is a tangle of absurdities and childishness; A peculiar view of Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice is inge niously worked up, but therein there is more ingenuity than just apprehension of the play. But the tone of almost the whole number is that of the sneering irreligious cant which has become so easy on thoughtless lips. One gentleman quotes with approbation the advice of a preacher : " if any are troubled with irritability to attend to their digestion rather than their prayers," as if irritability never affected persons of good digestion, as if riiany men with imperfect digestion were hot free from irritability, or as if that evil was riot in numberless cases soothed arid checked by prayer. In " Faith and Benson," : there are some. good points, but the dreadful cant spoils all. The teachings of Christ are equal to all the wants of humanity, and of the age ; but it is dreadful, the writer says, " that a struc ture of Buch strength and beauty as the Chris tian religion requires bolstering up by creeds and dogmas, &c.;" This is just cant, and no more. When praising4 thus the Christian re ligion, i should one ask, " What is this Chris tian religion, and how - does it differ from other religions ?" how would the writer explain except by stating the heads of what it taught andi believed ? What is this but creed and dogma? So his pity is equivalent to this': What a pity that so splendid a building as St. Peter's should be bolstered up with stone arid cement. Such writers do not seem to know the meaning of " creed or dogma." Every religion must have something to believe and teach ; and that something when stated -is creed and dogma. . . ; A nice little Sum- for nice little i Protestant ' Boys.— If the Papal-Celts — one-fourth of the population;— supply ; three-fourths of -the low' larrikins/in what proportion :!does their, tendency- to low larrikinism i exceed" that of the' rest of' the people ?. Will Mittogong ProteBtant school boys look; at/this and; send us the work;?/ .'Judicious "! Delay.— The Pope, or either, the congregation of thaProjmganda, is intentionally sleeping over the1 appoint ment of Archbishop of the Italian Church in Sydney. It seems as if the'iemolurrientsvand dignity, are looked;on as a- great -prize indeed in >;that. Church; -since- ) the; (bishops "sent! up the names of none butvtliose who - hold rank equivalent to ithat of bishop,. one of whom is '.in -, position- of. the ; ancient' archipiscopal seat of Cashel— Dr.CrokeJ It would be a pretty,, comment , on:: the Pope's sincerity ; in his- censure, of him for his -inflammatory con duct in Ireland; if he be induced to promote or banish him to Sydney. ; He would; doubt less , be a great acquisition to the Fenian element both among clergy and laity. The Freeman's Journal would sing Te Deum ! . the Express, would givo up tho ghost. Slieehy would flourish, and Colletti and Collingridge tear their, tonsure. Then there are so many claimB, not to , mention Sheeby himself once so . delightfully, all but" ; there, is Prior Vaughan with all; the interest of that family and tho Jesuits. .. Dr. Walsh of Maynooth, a Fenian, Dr. Morari of Dublin but an Italian priest by. education,: Tynan,. Beynan, Patter- son, the latter having the interest of Cardinal Manning ;. etc. , .The.; local; bishops want a Hibernian.14 .They like the . brogue and the insolence and the: brass of -their countrymen of their; sect. i.The Pope thinks it better to allow the' excitement pass ; and then he will quietly slip in his own man. Perhaps it will bo John, perhaps Boger. In either cases they are ready to kiss his feet. The latest telegraphic report is that "the Boman Propaganda will nominate a successor to,:the , late; Archbishop Yaughan on Satur day" i.e.: to-day.- 