LOCAL & GENERAL Inspection of Police.— On Monday afternoon his Worship the Mayor (Mr. Fairthorne), and Aldermen Button and Turner, inspected the Municipal Police Force in their new winter clothing. Mr. Koeppel, the tailor who made the uniforms, was also in attendance. The new clothes are extremely well made, and it was found necessary to make very few alterations. The new helmets, which have just arrived from London, were also served out, and they are a great improvement on the old ones, being exactly similar to those worn by the city of London police, and are very light. The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.— Both in Hobart and Launceston societies have been established for the pur- pose of preventing cruelty to animals, by on every possible occasion bringing persons who torture poor dumb creatures to justice, and having them punished for their heart- lessness. In the past, good work has been done all over the island, and still those who are engaged in the mission cease not, but continue in their efforts to make the lives of animals as free from pain and torture as they can. At present Mr. Inspector Dug- gan, of the Hobart Society, is in Launces- ton, and is looking about for work, and as he is a vigilant and energetic officer, doubt- less before long his quick eye will have rested on some poor animal suffering need- less torture, and its owner will be sum- moned to appear before the Police Magis- trate to answer for his cruelty. Art Union of London. — Subscribers of £1 1s to the Art Union of London for 1884; are each entitled to a copy of an impression of a plate from the original picture by A. Elmore; R.A., "The Tuilleries, June 20, 1792;" The list of subscribers will be forwarded to England by the mail to- morrow. Intending subscribers can enroll their names with Mr. A. W. Birchall, the hon. sec. for Northern Tasmania. The Wanderer Returned.— James Dick, a baker, who disappeared in a some- what mysterious manner on Friday, Feb. 22, made his appearance at the establishment of his employer, Mr. T. B. Dean, on Satur- day night, and told a strange tale of his adventures. He stated that he remembered lighting the oven fire on Friday morning, and, strange to say, had no further recollec- tion of anything that happened, until he woke up and found himself amongst the rocks, on the Cataract Hill, without any boots on. Although he did not appear at Mr Dean's until nearly 9 o'clock on Satur- day evening, there does not appear to be any explanation of how he passed all Friday and Saturday, and there seems to be only one conclusion to draw from the whole affair, and that is, that the young fellow should be in the doctor's hands. VOLUNTEER RlFLE REGIMENT. The Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment were summoned for a half-day parade on Satur- day afternoon, but only 33 men assembled, including Captain Martin and three ser- geants. The following order was read: — 'For the future when the number of men on parade falls below the required number, viz., one-half the strength of the corps,the parade will be allowed to count, by making it a musketry parade, instead of doing the usual field movements. Accordingly; the men were first instructed in aiming, and position drill, and then marched to the Western Swamp, where they were exer- cised in judging distance drill. It is a great pity to notice that the interest of the volunteers seems to be flagging at the present moment. At the last parade the Commanding Officer, Major Aikenhead, said he hoped that the men would try and muster strongly for the half day, and that soon the requisite strength to constitute a half or whole day parade would be reduced from a half to a third of the total strength of the regiment. On Saturday, however, there was not even a third on parade, and again we say, that if officers do not show more energy in the movement they cannot expect the men to do any better. The fact of there only being one officer present speaks for itself. Major Aikenhead, however, was absent on leave. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Company. A letter has reached the Premier, says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, from Mr. Bosisto, M.L.A., the president of the Vic- torian Commission at the Calcutta Exhi- bition, in which the case of the alleged ab- duction of Melbourne children by a thea- trical manager, Mr. J. J. Pollard, is fully set out. Mr. Bosisto states that, on in- quiry,he ascertained that agreements in writing were made with most of the chil- dren's parents in Melbourne to the effect that the Messrs. Pollard should educate the children in the musical profession, and make use of their services as members of the opera company for various periods up to four and a half years, but no mention appeared in any of the agreements of the places proposed to be visited. In conver- sation with the children, Mr. Bosisto gathered that they were happy and well treated, but all expressed a desire to re- turn to their relatives. Mr. Pollard ex- pressed his intention to return to Aus- tralia with the troupe, after fulfilling the engagements entered into, and gave Mr. Bosisto a written undertaking, to land them in Melbourne not later than the end of June next. Mr. Bosisto states the father of two of the children who formed part of the Pollard Opera Company. (Lena and Herbert Salinger) arrived in Calcutta since, and on applying through the Police Court the children were restored to him. Mr. Salinger subsequently instituted pro- ceedings for the recovery of money said to be due on account of salary and travelling expenses. The suit resulted in a sum of about £100 being awarded to Mr. Salinger, the verdict being based on a compromise. Messrs. T. Boyd and B. G. Clarke have been appointed trustees in the estate of W. T. Tregilgas, bootmaker, Laun- ceston. Barnum:.— It is announced that Barnum is likely to be in England this year with a white elephant on show. What a mar- vellous man he is! It was in 1844— and Barnum was a well-known name even then — that Albert Smith wrote 'A Go- ahead Day with Barnum.' In this paper it is chronicled that the Great Showman said : 'I don't know what you call work in England, but if you don't make thirty hours out of the twenty-four in Merrekey, I don't know where you'd be at the year's end. If a man can't beat himself in running, he'll never go ahead ; and if he don't go ahead, he's done.' These senti- ments Barnum seems to have steadily per- severed in up to the present time. Campbell Town. — Our correspondent writes :— Miss Carry Nelson deservedly drew a large house on Saturday evening at the Institute, her singing and the acting both of herself and Mr. Nelson being highly applauded. The entertainment consisted of the amusing comedy, 'Married Bliss.' the very comic operetta, ' Cinderella,' and 'The Daughter of the Regiment.' Should we again be favoured with a visit, the com- pany will undoubtedly receive a hearty welcome. The weather has become much cooler ; a heavy shower of half an hour's duration passed over the town on Saturday afternoon, having cooled the air and laid the dust. The young man who met with the accident at the Anchor claim is pro- gressing favourably in the Hospital under Dr. Lever. Right Hon. Milner Gibson. — Our cablegrams convey the intelligence of the death of the Right Hon. Thomas Milner Gibson. This gentleman has been a mem- ber of the House of Commons for a lengthened period, and Vice-President and President of the Board of Trade. He took an active part in bringing about the repeal of the newspaper stamp and advertisement duty and the excise on paper. He was made a Privy Councillor in 1846. Received. — We have received from the publishers the Australian Graphic for Feb- ruary 23, but there is a lack of style and finish, about the engravings, which will have to be remedied if this periodical is to maintain a leading position. Sketches at the Engineers' Exhibition, at Chiarini's circus, and the regatta are good, but the landscape scenes on Mount Wellington, and the Murrumbidgee River, and the sketches 'In Trouble' and ' Station Life' are rather heavy. The portraits of Messrs. Watson and Sherrard are good, and that of Miss Nellie Stewart fair, while the reading matter is very well compiled. Nelson's Signal. — Some correspondence has recently been published as to the exact words of Nelson's famous signal at the battle of Trafalgar. Mr. J. W. Thompson, grandson of the lieutenant who actually gave the signal, writes from Cardiff to a daily contemporary :— ' What actually happened before the action was this. The admiral gave the order to telegraph to the whole fleet- 'Nelson expects every man to do his duty. This order was given, not to the signalling lieutenant of the Victory— who had been disabled, I believe— but to my .grandfather, the late George Lewis Browne, who was then serving on board the flagship. My father had more than once heard him relate the incident which then occurred— the young lieutenant's suggestion, half hint, half request, that 'England' should be substituted, as that word was in the signal code-book, and could be run up at once, whereas 'Nelson' would require six sets of flags; displayed one after the other, and Nelson's prompt,\ and hearty reply; 'Right, Browne; that's better !'' Long afterwards he was given post-rank. I have once or twice seen a curiously-garbled version of this little bit of history, in which Nelson is made to carefully adapt his words on this occasion to the requirements of writers of popular songs.' Barnum's White ELEPHANT.- Would any one care to know says 'Atlas,' the his- tory of Barnum's 'white elephant,' now on its voyage to England? Barnum was bent on a white elephant, and had been trying unavailingly in Siam, when he was casually visited at Bridgeport two years ago by an English journalist who had been to Mandelay, the capital of native Burmah, and who not only suggested that city as a likely quarter, but furnished Barnum with letters of introduction to Theebaw's Premier, the Wingdoon Minghye, and to the Chevalier Andreino, the Italian Consul in Mandelay, an official of great influence at Court. White elephants, which, by the way, are not white, but merely have dingy white patches on the brown hide; are mere freaks of nature ; there is no breed of them. There are a sacred pair at Mande- lay, to which honours scarcely less, than regal are paid. The sacred white elephant, probably because of the luxurious ease in which he abides, is rarely long-lived, and two or three are always kept 'in waiting' to replace the animal removed by death, they meanwhile living in a modified odour of sanctity. It is a supernumerary of this quasi-sacred establishment which Mr. Bar- num has secured through the offices referred to ; and it is safe to predict that unless the great showman has the beast bleached during the voyage, the so- called 'white elephant ' will produce lively disappoint- ment. A Much Arrested Man. — On Monday, last a man named Thomas Knott was arrested by Sub-Inspector Scott, charged with having failed to enter the service of Mr. R. J. Archer; J.P., of Longford, accord- ing to agreement. He was brought before the Bench on Tuesday, and as the warrant was not forthcoming, the Police Magistrate said he could do nothing but dismiss the prisoner, which the Bench accordingly did. About half an hour after, however, the war- rant, which had been unaccountably de- tained at the Post-office, arrived. Knott was again arrested, placed in the dock, and at last satisfactorily dealt with, by being remanded to gaol for conveyance to Long- ford. St. John's Band of Hope. — The regular monthly meeting of the St. John's Band of Hope was held in the school-room, Eliza- beth-street, on Tuesday, when there was a large attendance of members and friends, the chair being taken by the vice-president, Mr Geo. Babington. The programme, which was very lengthy, and of a varied nature, was rendered in a manner which reflects great credit on those ladies and gentlemen who took part. During the evening two excellent dialogues were pro- duced, entitled 'Fast asleep,' and 'May's pleadings,' both of which showed the necessity of becoming total abstainers in youth. The following ladies and gentlemen took active parts : — Misses May Windsor, F. Foster, Wallace, R. Dwyer, F. Lambert, and Messrs. A. J. Scott, B. W. Tevelin, E. Tevelein, A. Lakin, H. Lakin, C. Newey, H. Howard, and W. Davis. Miss Stack- house, as usual, presided at the cabinet organ. During the evening nineteen new members were enrolled, and eighteen took the blue ribbon, and the success which is attending the efforts of this Band of Hope, which is attached to St. John's Sunday school, must be both gratifying and en- couraging to its promoters. A very pleasant meeting was brought to a close shortly after 9 p.m. St. Xavier's School Concert.— Tues- day evening a number of lady and gentle- men amateurs gave an entertainment, we believe, in aid of the Organ Fund of the Church of the Apostles. On the occasion St. Francis Xavier's school-room was crowded in every part. Considerable dis- appointment was experienced through three of the principal performers not putting in an appearance. more especially was the absence of Mrs. Leonard felt, for whose non-appearance an apology was tendered. The programme, as published, was only complied with in a few instances, and several of the performers kindly pro- vided substitute songs for those appearing in the names of absentees. The principals who took part were Miss Sadler, who ren- dered two songs in a very effective man- ner, Mrs. Woodgate, Mrs, Wallace, and Miss Sheehan, all of whom were well re- ceived, the gentlemen performers being Messrs. Harber, Dunning, and Johnston, who were each fairly successful. Misses Ellis and Armstrong also deserve mention for their instrumental solo. Judging from the large attendance the financial aspect of the affair must have been gratifying, and generally the audience seemed pleased with the evening's entertainment. Dramatic Troubles. — Mr. Fleming Norton, the public entertainer, has com- menced an action against Messrs. Wil- liamson, Garner, and Musgrove for breach of agreement, and the firm bring a similar action against Mr. Norton. Mr. Norton claims £550 damages, and Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove claim £750. The triumvirate have made appli- cation for a commission to examine wit- nesses in England, which was opposed by the plaintiff on the grounds that he had not had time to file answering affidavits, and the Commission was only intended to gain time. The case was remanded in order to give the plaintiff; time to file answering affidavits. Mr. Fleming Norton was engaged in England at good salary on behalf of the triumvirate, but his enter- tainment— after the style of Maccabe's — has not proved popular. 1 AMEBlQAN'IRISlr FENiiANs.-^At the in stance of. the Fenian Brotherhood, a. meet-; ing, attended by about 150 Irishmen of .the '\ dynamite school,' ,was held in New York, on 17th. Recember, to express their senti ments on O'Donnell's execution. ', They - were, says the correspondent ;of the Daily, News, the worst speoimens of their olass. Resolutions were adopted condemning the indecent hastein the execution, the conduct of Mr. Justiee Denman- in the trial, and the insult to the American. people' in denying the request for a respite.. Speeches of tho most incendiary; character were made by O'Donovan Rossa and others.' Robert' .Blissert said :— :'. For every O'Donnell who 13 murdered let a hundred British: officials die. It is the duty of every Irish: citizen of every country to loll the representatives of England wherever found. : It is a burn ing shame that Irishmen should be starving; with dynamite only 62 cents, a pound. The holiest incense ,to Heaven now would be the smoke of, burning London.' ? May God bless ;the men who killed Burke and Cavendish. Iieti us give 10,000 ddls. to every man who kills a Caroy. I'll givo 10, dols. to start a fund to reward the man who will put away that vile semblance of man, Denman.' Another correspondent states that at the same meeting Mezzeroff, the professor of Rossa's dynamite ? school, proposed that every Irish man land woman should contri bute 2 cents, weekly towards a fund for the purchase of .cruisers , and torpedo boats, which he would furnish with material to destroy tho British navy. Rossa protested that thoy, must act with caution; but ho predicted that O'Donnoll's death would be avenged within a year. .. ? . . A Traction ENGiNE.-r-Tho s.s. Corinna, which arrived on Monday, from Sydney, brought a traction engine Jor the Govern ment. This engine weighs from 8 to 10 tons, and was set in motion when landed, and taken round to the Launceston and Western Railway station; It is. intended for to work an additional, stonebreaker, which, has boon lying at the L. and W. Railway Station for the past week awaiting its arrival,, and will be put to work first on .the main road to Hobart,. ; Its weight. is nine, tons. The now. steam streeti.roller, which is a traction, engine , and roller com--, binedin one, imported by Mr'. Fletcher for, the.i Launoestoui Corporation^ ;has. been., landed':, from the Gulf ;of... Carpentaria,: and is now being putitogothenby workmen, from Salisbury's Foundry.. It. twill. i weigh over'15 tons, and stoamiwill. be got up and' a trial of . it jnade. beforeiit is handed over - to the Corporation, .i ? ? j o ?. I ?).'.- i 1 i, Another Seduction Cabb.t— A Sydney 'telegram 'states that tho body of Annie !Rumpff, the. young girl who disappeared on 19th inst. from Bega, after an interview, with her seducer, during which he refused 'to assist her, was found by the police in tho Brogo River on 22nd inst, The de ceased, who was 20 years of age, was the daughter of Mrs. Rumpff, who about 12. years ago tried to murder : her, threo children, two ' of whom died] .from the injuries inflicted, but the girl i Annie re covored. '.....? .???_... Deseiiters from H.M.S. Nelson; — ^By the s.s. Pateena on Tuesday, two men, Charles Hillard alias, Ladwig Muir, and Joseph Winton, were brought over in custody from Melbourne, charged1 with having deserted, from H.M.S. Nelson.' They wore taken to tho. capital by tho '8 o'clock express. Joseph Winton states he is not a ; deserter, and was never in the navy. ? ? . .? ' . ..-,... ; Tasmanianb Abroad. — ^We notice- that arrangements are nearly completed for the erection of a new theatre. 'at Brisbane',' Queensland, to seat 2000 persons, and that the promoters of ; the movement are Messrs. H. J. Pollard and Co.; Mr. .H.: J. Pollard, was formerly a well known resident i of Launceston. ??'?? :' .,...?? .? '. , ?? ?'.' i The Playpul Sparrow.— An Adelaide paper states that since the adoption of the plan of giving rewards for sparrows' heads and eggs, 88,780 iheads and 496,933 eggs have been paid for by the South Australian Government. ' , . - ! ::J Words Ending in 'Dous.'— We recently stated thore ? were only four:words ending in ' dous' in the English Language, but a Launceston correspondent writes : — 'With referonce to-words ending in 'db\is,' Noah Webster' gives . another— 'cowardous'— which I find in his latest revision ; so we cannot call it extinct. He also remarks that 'sodous' acid is a compound of iodine and oxygen. How is this for high ?'; . Busn Fibes in South Australia. — An Adelaide telegram, dated Fob. 21, says : — The intense sultriness of the last few days is showing a tendency to change. Strong cold winds are supervening, though there is no immediate prospect of rain. Bush fires are reported from various districts, and have caused a considerable amount of dam age to property at Gladstone. A flerce,cpnfla gration has been raging the last' two days, spreading over a large extent of country^,, Over 1200 acres of grass, besides a large, quantity of fencing and other, valuable pro perty, have been destroyed. The fires in; some instances are Btated tp-have been caused through carelessness',1(in others; through the action of the sun's, rayjs; upon bottles lying in the grass. . , , . _ ,?', ; „, . . ; \ Railway Extension.-: — As . some mis-, apprehension appears to exist as . to . the letting of contracts for '.thS'! Scp'ttsddle, Fingal, and Derwent Valley, railway lines,, wo may state that tenders have been called for the supply of sleepei's1 only for J those.' lines. We should 'be gldd to/ be', able to ; state that tenders : for. tho 'construction of the lines had boon called for, .bu^t' prefer not to anticipate facts,, and 'therefore* will wait until such tenders are'called for before enlarging on the subject. ? . ' ' '', Sudden Death.— On Tuesday Mr. Ed ward1 Arnold,' the well-known tinsmith, of ?Wellington-strooti expired somewhat sud denly. When he'gpt up in tho morning he compldincd'of severcs;pains in,t]ie back 'of the head, and medical aid was pi?taine'd.; Dr. Stewart attended the sufferer, (^nd 'ap plied a blister to. tlie'back.of liis'lieacC, but his endeavours ''were without, avail, , as; shortly after 10 a.m. Mr. Arnold died, 'tho cause of death being apoplexy. 7 .Mr. Arnold many years, and wasrespected Ijy; all who knew him. ..,-' .-??.'. /\:,-i-' : y ?r:.i' :';; ???\ 'Jr-i ????? Non-Payment op Mining- CALLS^At the Police ? Court on Tuesday; when. a case, the East 'New! Chum Gold Mining Com pany against Mr;! DiiF..:M'Intosh;. was called .on,: the; Police c Magistrate ~- stated that he had'r.oceived'a!lbtter fromthede-' fendant in reference to the case, wliich he would ,read. Tlier letter., stated .that, th'e writer was unable to'attend the Court' that morning, . but , 'wished to 'state th'at h'b -yvas unable to pay tlio' calls in question .owing to the depression of business,', arid also on adcount of receiving a multiplicity of similar demands. He also objected to. pay calls in tho Company owing to the unf air^-.. At this point Mr; Murray stopped, saying that he declined reading such letters' ro- flecting on the '.' maridgement of' a cprnpahy, , and the defendant should -have appeared or been represented by counsel. .After going through the usual , formalities a verdict for tho 'amount with', costs 'was given. In another edsfe tho ,sa'me .Cpm- , pauy against a Mrs. Johnson, of ,Lefroy,'it,' was stated that the summons had not' been served,' as the defendant had left for theT North of Ireland. _?.'?'?? ? ? ? .:?.?'? A Hard Case.— ^A labourer named Wil liam Quinlan was' arrested on the night 'of Tuesday; the 19th inst., on a' charge of having left tho service of his i employer, Mr. A. Robertson, without due leave. He was brought before thelBench on the fol lowing morning and remanded to Tues day. On Monday, tho. complainant, Mr. Robertson, was warned that he would bo required to appear at tho Police Court on the following day. In spite, of this, how ever, he put in no appearance, nor sent any explanation 'as to his absence, anjl Quinlan, after having been in prison for over five days,- was dismissed. . Mr. Matthew Burnett. — From our ex changes we leam that Mr. Matthew Bur nett was to leavo Adelaide Tuesday for Melbourne, en route for Tasmania or Sydney. Ho.will holda special servico next Sunday at the Wesloyan Church, Lonsdale-street, Molboume.. .'. 1 .i: .!??? .'?:??!' . ,'i .?? ;/ ,\ !Thb .partnership between.. -Messrs J. Jas; .White and ,Jas. Hocking, of Upper Ringa' Toouia,- sterekeepers, has»beon dissolvediby mutual consent,, and the; business 'will be carried on by Mr. Jas, White, ....'? ?'??. ?:??- '?-'? . Lenient Sentence; — A very light sen tence was inflicted on Tuesday at the Police Court, in the case of Martin Thompson, who pleaded guilty to a chargo of having stolen a bottle of whisky, the property of Mr. D. Williams, of tho Family Hotel, Esplanade, and was sentenced to twenty four hours' imprisonment. Tho prisoner ia an old man, and through the doath of his 'wife, which happened a short timo since, i has taken to drink. Tho prosecutor, through Mr. Superintendent Coulter, said he did not wish to press tho chargo, and! hoped the Bench would deal leniently with tho prisoner. The Police Magistrate said jthat although drink was not the slightest lexcuso for a man committing a crime, yet they would take into consideration what: the Superintendent had stated, together' i with tho faot that Thompson had been in.; prison, on remand, for a week, and impose the smallest' penalty in their power, viz.in twenty-four hours' imprisonment. ?'.'?? ; Nook Notes.— A correspondent writes.:: J —The weather has been very warm for the , . ? last, three weeks, and bush fires have been ' raging, and harvest will commence next; week. ' The crops look well, arid a fair yield is expected. Mr. J. Keep will have , ' a reaping machine, but it will not be the , first, as. Mr. Byon cut about 18 acres with. ? one some three years ago.- Our Sunday sehopl is broken up altogether, and chapel . services are very few— a sad state of, ,t affairs when people walk several miles and - are disappointed through the, nori- appear- ' arice of the preacher. About the 3rd of . December last we ,had a public meeting for the election of trustees for, cemetery. The names ,'were| sent to tho Governorin Council, but wo have heard nothing moro about it. All the', best time of the year has gone by for clearing and improving, and in thb.ey;ent of death we would BtUl ? have to inter 'at Sheffield- while , wo have a ? place of our. own, no person' being able to act in the ' mattei'; .until the trustees are gazetted, which I hope will soon be done, .as.-', delays are , dangerous.' There are' very brilliant sunset glows nearly every even iQg- , .i ?,..-' .-,..'?'.. ''-':' .???' ' ' ?' '? '': ' ?SUBTERBANEOUS WATER SOURCES. IN ' J South Australia.^ — A few years ago (says ;he S. M. Herald) the settlers of South Aus- ; tralia turned their attention to subter raneous sources for water supply,, and were not disappointed,' for an important . dis- ' ? covery by boring was1 made in what was considered a: waterless country, about 50 ;. miles south ; of Lake Fromo. : A well was ? sunk. 370- feet deep, and a supply of water '? reaching 10,000 gallons daily was obtained^ Two other wells were1 sunk; yielding from ! 10,000 gallons1 to. 30,000 gallons daily. Be tween i. Mount Margaret Ranges and Mount' North, wells yield large: supplies, some; to-air extent of 100,000 gallons a day. '? .Previous to the discovery'! of subterranpou9 water, those districts could only, carry a few' ' thousand 'sheep ;- the1 carrying (capabilities ' a're^now said to bo unlimited; Not long .'? '.ago success^ attended boring near Strang way Springs, tto tho 'Westward of Lakb - ?Eyre, and in various other'localitics. ' Not ;- ' long since it .was stated that a boring had ; :been' stopped in consequence of .haying met with b'rackish water. .This' is to be re gretted, ? f or .. from records in the Survey Department; Adelaide,;.1, it appears that a ?? we|l: i.wos i sunlc,/; cutting ; through - saline ? : earth, first, and nine salt springs, .until at' a .. depthipf 104 feet good' water was obtained. (Something of the. same conditions' haa ' been' met with in New South Wales arid ~ Queensland.) 'From this discovery it may ^ b6 reasonably hoped that what was looked ! upon' as: a groat bar !to development, tho : saline formation in 'greatitraots of tho con- ; tinent, does not obtain.' to any very great ? . ; depth 'of the crust. '?': ..(/????:-..,. ? I Application for letters patent is made by ,.;-? ' ? J; B.' Carter; ' of Melbournd/- for'aninven-' tion for an improved composition called ? 'iTerra cotta,'and by R.P. Park, of South. Melbourne, 'for an ^invention for!iniprpve- . : nient -in rotatory 'engines'. - .-...; i-C- :' .-.', ! A:New Canal.— A scheme is under' son- ' ' side'ration for practically making England ' and Scotland. two 'separate arid distinct islands by constructing a canal from the Tyno to Solway; The suggested wator- way - willb'o about1 sixty miles in length, and so .' broad arid deep' that the largest ships will ? je able to navigate it in tweri'ty . hours or ' 'under; : a' saving-. of sixty hours on the '? present journey by sea from tho Tyno to . ' Liverpool. '-The difficulties to be overcome/ ? hpwover, . are' great, on ; account of the ; ilovation^of some of the1 'country- through, which the route' passes .And tlu-ee alter nate schemes aro under consideration — tho first for an open ? canal, ? the secorid for a ': c4aal with lock's, and the third for a canal withtunnels passing under hills and: other ' eminences.' Mi\ Leslie' is the engineer. '? It is said that the plans wore submitted to M. de Lesaeps during his late visit, and' ? that ho declared unhesitatingly in favour . of an open canal. ? ? Flobiline— Fob thk Teeth and Breath.— Afowdro'ps of tho liquid FloriUne sprinkled on a wet tooth brash produces a pleasant lather whioh thoroughly cleanses tho tocth from all parasites or impurities, hardens tho gums, pre« vents tartar, ? stops decay, gives to tho teeth a , peouliar pearly whiteness, nnd a delightful fragrance to tho breath. It removes all un- ' \ pleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or obaoco smoko. 'The Fragrant' Florilinc' being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to tlio tasto, and tho greatoafc . toilet discovery of tho age. Price 2s 6d, of al '. ohomists and perfumors. Wholesale depot re; I ' .moved to 33- Farringdon-road, London. — Advt .,- Valuable Disoovbuy fok thb Hair. — If t[ your hair is turning groy or white,or falling ofl ? uao 'Tho Mexican Hair Ronowor,' for it will ' * positively rtstorein every case Orey or Whitt ; hdir to its original color, without leaving tho ? disagreeable smell of ? most ' Restore™. . It ! makes the hair oharmingly beautiful, as well aa ? ; : promoting the growth of tho hair on baldnpots, -, wnere tho glands 'are hot decayed Ajk yonr , ? phomiBt.fqr 'TheMexioan Hair Een'ewbb,'1, [ sold by Chemist's and -','Porf ™«n «vnrywhfire at ' 8«;fld pnr bottle. ' Wholesale depot temdyed'toi l'', SS^Farringdon-road, London,— Advt, -1 - '-;'-- '^ ' , -.'.Steel; 'Cables^ — An.' ; exchange 'says : — Experiments.' are v 'being 'made at ; the; Washington navy yard in the manufacture' ? of l£-in. steel chain to take the -place of ' „ '. {ho-.l$in.uaron chain now in use.: The difficulty heretofore encountered in manu facturing steel chain was tho trouble 'expe rienced in welding it. The naval authorities,1 -.' ? , however, havo succeeded ? in .gottihg 'a' :' quality of stool from- Pittebui-g adapted] to welding, a soction of chain made from it - ;- - . having been tried recently, iri the testing! '?'? . ' . machine, and found satisfactory.' : ' '-' . . j'Habp Times in' London.—' Ariglo- .' Australian/1 in the European Mail' of Jan. ? 1 11, says: — 'Those aro hard 'times surely ; . . for the rank and file of tho lower as well as \- the upper soctions of the great middle class. - , There lias been a vacancy in' the office of ; the Agent-General for New Zealand for a ', ' : copying 'clerk:' and an advertisement, v ': '; stating the facts, and adding' that tho ' .; salary was from 'twenty-five to thirty :'?!'??? ' shillings a week, was duly 'inserted in -a \- ? dailypaper. On the same day that this announcement appeared there were two | Ihndred' ax- plications/,and on the. day fpilbwing three hundred more !' Only fancy ! ? Five hundred pager applicants iov a post oJ this description; and all arising' out of one. advertisement.' ... '' .-, ' '';? ' . .????',?? x The * Grand Duke Nicholas, who is reported' to i have attempted unsuce'ess'-. fully a bolt into india from his dreary exile in Tashkend, is ihe Grand. Duke Nicholas Constantineivitch, a first cousin of thdpresent Czar, and the young ' gentle-) man who removed' the jewels from his mother's ikon in the financial interests of . .'?' hisAmericanmistress. He niado the Khivan ?- ; ,;.: campaign,. but then, as now, was more than a'' little mad. There are three Grand ??'??:'?? Diikes Nicholas in the Muscovite Imperial family; the younger brother of the late ,' Czar, Cdmmander-in-Chief of the Russian ' forces in Europe. 'during the Russo-Turkisli War, familiarly knpwri as 'old Nick.;' ? his eldest son, who. was his father's aide de-camp in that war,'. ' young Nick;' and, ' this ' cousin, whose riicknanio in St.' , Petersburg is ' crazy Nick.' Matches. — At Jonkoping, Sweden, is the oldest and largest match factory in the world; it was established 100 years ago, ' ..-'. and there aro now to be seen specimens of ???'?'. the matches used at tho beginning ' of..' the present, century, consisting '...? of big faggots of wood furnished with a handle and a tip to dip in abath of sulphur. The wood from which the . present ? kind.; of matches are made is taken from. ' the adjacent forests, which are: divided into fifty sections. Every year one section is : cut and then replantod with young' . trees. The trees are hewn into planks in the. forest and cut into slivers in the faptory. The boxes are. made of the out-, side of the troes. The factories are on the banks of lakes, which aro connected with one another by wide canals. Mil lions, of matches are turned out each day. Some idea of where they all go to may be obtained from the statement that there are at least 280,000,000 of matches burned each day in the United States, or an average , of five matches for. each person. A Fallen Officer. — Lieut.-Colonel George R. Brown, was sentenced at the Ballarat AssizeB on Thursday , week as mentioned in ourjjVictorian telegrams, to four months' imprisonmentf or obtaining goods by false pretences from Mr. Henry Bade, tobacconist, of Ballarat. : Since Brown's arrest the money has been repaid, to Mr. Bade. The following record (says the Star) shows the servico which the lieutenant-colonel rendered his country' whilst in the army: — Obtained commission as ? ensign by purchase in tho 88th Con naught- Rangors, 17th June 1851; was ' promoted lieutenant August, 1854; captain April, 1855 ; served throughout the Crimean campaign of 185dr5, including the battles of Alma, Inkerman, and siege of Sebas topol ; dangerously wounded, loss of right arm at first attack on the Redan, 18th June, 1855 ; served in the Indian mutiny 1857-8 ; present at Cawnpore, Calpee, and final capture of Lucknow ; promoted to rank of Major for distinguished conduct in the field, 1858. He is in possession of the Crimean medal, with clasps, for Alma, Inkerinan, and Sebastopol, and he has also the Turkish medal and legion of honour. Tho lieut.-colonel has the Indian mutiny medal with clasp3 for Central India and Lucknow. He was appointed assistant-adjutant- general on the staff of Canada in 1865, with the rank of lieutenants colonel. He is married, and has four children in a great measure dependent upon Mm. The lieutenant-colonel has been, an Imperial pensioner since 1856. . An Enforced Pledge. — The method Mr. Call adopted at the City Police Court, Melbourne, on 18th ult. in a 'drunk' case is worthy of note. An elderly man, a habitual drunkard, was before the Court for.indulging'in his ordinary vice, and had rendered himself liable to a. sentence of 12 months' imprisonment; but Mr. Call bethought him of tho Army, and gave the man an hour, in which to sign the pledge. The accused returned within the time, and presented the pledgo card, and Mr. Call, after enquiring if ho had taken any thing since signing, dismissed him, but asked him to present his pledge should he again come before the Court for drunkon ness, when the circumstance would be remembered. An Unusual Exchange. — The Smythes dale correspondent of tho Ballarat Star, Victoria, writes- oh 18th inst. — ' The Rev. Mr. Eiordon, ex-Catholic priest, has been conducting religious services in the Linton and Carngham Presbyterian churches, of which; he is an ordained minister, for the last three Sundays, morning and afternoon, with much acceptance. The rev. gentle man is said to be an eloquent speaker '_ and a sound practical and evangelical iminister' of the Gospel of Christ,' and his adminis-' rations appear to have .given' uiiqualifled' ; fytisfaction. '., .'?' '?'. '; '.'.'./.Ca '!.....T;a-!.'i::/!'«M ' , An.''TJnPIjBA&a;'n'1v: ?poWlNGBNOTl— -''I^ aletter to 'a'Vdontempbrary,'* states'; the- I St. James's Gazette 'f Lord CharloB ? Bores-; ;ford'tells:arstory concerning naval matter^ whioh is by no 'means pliiasant reading: ' Iri the year 1878, when war between- thifc country and Russia -seemed' imminent, ' a ifast Russian' cruiser was dodging about the 'Channel^ In the event of war breaking out, ;her captain intended to remain a few houts on eaoh of-tlip great ocean' highways lead ling to our- largest Sports, and sink every Imercantile steamer, big and little, he saw. 'In-IShours itis most likely' there would (have boon inafly shipowners and insurance [companies in a state of excitement; border ling on insanity, generally- asking. i^'But1 jwho're is the navy V' The navy could not (have done much till after most of the niis jeniof had'beeridono, as-tho Sabiaka would never have stopped to fight ; and it is un likely thatj with only the.ono or1-1 two' ^ fast bruisers wo had then we should ever have paught'her.' ? .-?? ^'?- : ,:,m '.;:.' I. j -A Salvation Army Convert.—' Yes, I ??' did say -thati but -it 'was to the Salvation Arniyy'; Baid' a' prisoner named Robert pPriddlei who was arraigned at the Ballarat jPolic'e Coiirtbn 18thinst. (says the Star)' on a charge of making uso'of obscene language. Then, as his mind turned to the happy past, he' continued with-' a sigh/'I was respectable |the few weeks 'I -was ; with them ; but my wife Wouldn't let mo join. If your 'Worships jwill onlylot me go this time) I will take the pledge; but when,. I ' start I go and drink an' 18 gallon cask of beer ; I can't stop, till it's gone; When I'm sober ?! -cari get work on a threshing machine, arid the boss saya he's never seen another man like inc.'' Tho prisonor was reminded that on his last appearance he had neglected to pay his cab faro, arid-a1 fine of 5s with 5b costs1 was inflicted, with the-parting advice froin tho bench toragain attach himself to the Salvation Army. ' Ah,' ho exolaimed, 'I would; but Captain Maddigan said ho wouldn't have mo on the platform.' And the rejected sheep was removed : from the Court. '-.- ?'?? . ; ' - '?'? '!' -? -'? : ;-' ': ? '? 'What is - a Merchant ? — In the In solvency Court at Sandhurst, Victoria, on 16th inst., the question arose as to what constituted a merchant. . None of the logal gentlemen present being able to give tho information, at the invitation of his Honor, Judge' Quinlan, he was compelled to supply it himself, and stated the true definition of the .word merchant was one who signs his name to a bill of exchange.' Mr. Brown 'ventured on tho statement that merchant really' meant a large stockkeeper, but his Honor speedily dispelled that notion by. ejaculating 'You might as well style a man an esquire because he happens to have .£1000 a year.' '? ? - i The late Sir Charles Sladen.— This gentleman, whose death is recorded in our telegraphic columns, was the second son of J. B. Sladen,Esq., of Ripple. Court, Kent, England, who was deputy-lieutenant' of his county. Sir 'Charles graduated in law at Cambridge University, of which he-held the L.L.D. degree.' He' arrived in Port Phillip , in 1842, and practised as an attorney in Geelong until 1854. , ' He was Treasurer in the first Ministry of Victoria, having been elected one of the members for, Geelong. In 1864 he was elected to a., vacant seat in the Legislative Council. In 1868 he accepted office as Chief Secretary, with Mr. Fellowes as , Minister of Justice, and leader in the Legislative Assembly. He generally earned for himself a- goodly reputation both as a politician and a private gentleman. An Unruly. -School. — The Melbourne Age says: — 'As the head teacher of the State ,- schop], at Campbell's Creek was recently punishing a scholar, he was sot xipon by tho chastised one, whose example was followed by othor pupils, and a general fracas took place. The affair has attracted a good deal of notice locally, and tho course to be pursued by the 'department in tho matter is awaited with interest.' : |Is this True ?— ' .Amiens,' in the Federal Australian, in. commenting upon the Salvation .Army movement, says :— The commercial element is so largely mixed up in these ' revivals' and ' movements' as to suggest further grounds for distrust. Iri Tasmania, where the lot of these folks has fallen in the pleasantest of places, I recently happened upon a case where a man in a position of trust had become so infatuated that he deprived his wife and family almost of the necessaries of life in order that he might add to tho funds of the ' Army.'. In Victoria, of course, we are superior to such foolishness ; but even here there does not seem to bo any immediate prospect of the collapse of the present market for ' shocking examples.' iWiNDEBMERE. — A correspondent writes : — A church meeting was held at Rose voar's, ' 'West Tamar, on Thursday even ing, I'eb. 21, which was well attended. In the absence of the Ven. Archdeacon Hales, the' Rev. 'J. M. Easterlirig was voted to the chair. The object of the meeting was the election of churchwardens for the Churches of St. ' Matthias, Windermere, and St. Michael's, Craythom. ? Mr. T. Barnard was nominated as the minister's warden, and- Messrs. Coulson and H. Griffiths people's wardens.1 In consequence of State aid ceasing with the retirement of the Rev. J. Dixoh, a branch of the Church Society was then formed for the collection ? of the minister's stipend, to b& called the Win dermere and Craythorn Parochial Associa tion, and the following officers were elected:— -Mr.. T.1 Barnard, vice-president; Mr.-.W. P. -.Coulson, treasurer ; Mr. .Bar nard, secretary; the Rev'. J. M. Easter ling: and- -Messrs. D. Murray, junr., E; Dutton, 'W. Harrison, and J. Plummer committee; Mesdames Harrison/ Geff. and J.| Plummerji Coope, ,G. ' Atkinson, Gaunt, Barnard, and. ; Coulson collectors! ' A vote of! thanks -to the Chairman terminated tho proceedings. .?,.:. -'7 .-' .??-?'-- r-1-.-iji :'??? ? .'.;. '' The ''New vTASJtiNJ'A'iit1-1 IiOAN.'-— Nothing Shna'' yet' bee'n':'inade' publio'in 'tliis'cbKhy |abdut the' progress of tlie ]pim'16f. £800,006 ? authorised1 by Parliament? last sessiprij but in the ':-&. iff.; $crdU bi Teb. 16 ' wo find the jfollowing (:pal;agraph ' from', their ' Hobart correspondent :'— '' Preparations for putting jthe:iJ800;o6o loan oh the market are going ,ori- but rather ^slowly, as there ; are many' debentures to sign, arid each requires three signatures, ono of which has to be that of the' .'Governor, who does' not get on 'very, rapidly with thp; work.' -':'''?'';? ' . : ! Advertising* 'Tasmania.— The Chief Seoreta'ry^ haS, we^undorstarid/ 'given, ih 'Btructions1 that1 a complete setrof viows of ' Tasmanian scenery,' .similar ; to those sent to tho Calcutta Exhibition, and to the Im-' migration -Agent/ shall bp ' presented to: Mr. Howard ? Haywpod for -.use in the Colonial Exhibition lie -ls'preparing.' We1 are glad to find-that' the' 'Government are thus assisting ??'Mi*. .Haywood, /for'ho has1 bhown his earnestnessand boria fides by the planner iri' ! which he has expended biJtlv timer'and money 'during' the last six or Beven'month'sin travellihg into every part' of tlie colony -to coll6ct -information, and material-for the object he has'in view.' ! Alarm of -Fire.'— Shortly before twelve b'cloclc Sunday night an alarm was raised, a jfiro having been discovered in the jrioigh pourhoodof- Patterson- street. Aijout two. minutes after 'it' broke' out the fire-bell was rung, and in three' minutes from $hat the'1 brigade -was on the scene of action, which, was: in' the right-of-way at the back of the Commercial Bank. By some means a shed belonging to Mr; Huston, of the Criterion Hotel, and at one time used as a stable,, containing a quantity of straw, caught fire; and for a short time the flames were - vei-y brilliant, the reflection being visible for miles. Immediately the water was turned on the fire commenced ' to subside, but un fortunately the hose burst, and the flames again increased. Another hose, howover, was soon -obtained, and the fire reduced in! a ? very few minutes. Luckily a- large shed, 'adjoining' tlie one which was -burnt* escaped,- and some tubs, con taining straw, and a- stack of 'timber be longing to Mr. Jones, of St. John-street, were uninjured. As r the building was old and inflammable, it is quite possible that a spark from a chimney of one; of the neigh bouring houses may have ignited it. . The shed was in use as' a fowl-house, and' was of very little' value.' -There must be something' radically wrong with the ' apparatus of the Fire Brigade for two hoses to burst on two ponsecutive days, one breaking at the fire on Saturday, -arid one lost night. In the. case of a large fire this would be a very serious matter, and should certainly be 'seen to' and1 reriiedied. .The members of the brigade' deserve praise, for the smart, manner in which they turned out, apd Constable Green, who' burnt his hand somewhat severely/rendered efficient assist ance.- '. ?? ' ' ,??'? '[''.- ' '? : ?''.;? An Enterprising '- Youth.— The pre cocity of the youth of this colony is a well kriown fact, but the example of it' shPwn by a boy, aged eight years,1 named Eddie Daly,r is probably about the most remark able oh record. On Friday, Feb.22,'young' Daly's parents became somewhat alarmed, as he did not come home at his usual time, but their 'uneasiness was not very great, as the lad was very fond of music, and they thought he might be enjoying the com bined efforts of the Nelson and St. Joseph's Bands ' at ' the Invalid ' Depot concert. They were certain) that if he did riot go to the concert, ho would probably be joining in the more boisterous 'music of the Salva tion Army, in Elizabeth-street, since the enterprising youth is a convert to that organisation. However, when the concert and the service wei'e over and young Daly did not put in an appearance, tho parents' alarm became so great that they sought that panacea for ?' troubles— the police. Nothing was heard -. of this erratic young gentleman until Saturday forenoon, when the riiother, greatly to her- relief; received a telegram from a person named Daly, at Hobart, saying that her son had: arrived at' that town in the morning, having travelled from La'unceston by the night train, which left this town at 8*30 p.in. Sudden Death, — On Friday, Feb. 22, an old woman named Kesiali O'Keefe, or Leathorland, who lived on the WeBtbury road with an old blind man, died very suddenly. She had been drinking heavily for. some time past, and on Friday night went home in' a state of intoxication. In the middle of the night she fell from her bed on to the floor, and expired shortly afterwards. As she had been attended by a doctor lately, it was thought unneces sary to hold an inquest. A Revengeful Wife. — Some amuse ment, according to Friday's Argus, Feb. 22, was caused in the vicinity of the Sydney Legislative Assembly on Thursday, Feb. 21, by- the conduct of a lady whose feelings had1 recently been deeply wounded by the treatment her husband had received at the hands of a certain inember of the House. Armed with a horsewhip, she waited over an -hour about the precincts of the As sembly, in the expectation of meeting the member in question in order to administer a thrashing, but as he did not venture out of the chamber nothing came of the affair. The Population of Victoria.— Mr. Hayter estimates the population of Vic toria on the 31st Decomber, 1883, as 931,785, males, 493,053'; females, 438,732. The apparent increase of population in 1883 (25,560) exceeded that in 1882 by 1567, and was also much above that in any other year since 1871, ? except 1880^-the Exhibitiori ;year— when it was exceeded by 597\. - The estimated population of New South Wales at the end of 1883, just pub lished, was 869,310; -the increase during th!e ' year' ? being ? 51;842, ? of' twice the 'Viotprian :' increase.- . With similar annual increases, each of : those 'colonies -should contain a ! million inhabitants about -the middle of 1886. .!:'.:;. ' j i;I)ETERiiiNEDr: SutofbEV-^From the, Bfel-. |bouVnp -papers' we gather particulars ;pf'a; strange case^of suicide -'and ^iVpjiosed arson'' at Ketv'- briitneaftoiiiooil 'of thelSth'irist.'' An alarm of fire -was'1 given shortly1 after ' threb o'clock, and ' itSvas1 discovered that'a ! seven1 roomed 'house'in-' WalpoJefstreet was' 'on fire. 'f The fire had ribtr extended beyond the- drawing-rooni ''and prie'b'tjdrdom, :and was'quickly extinguished^ after Which1 the' body^of a man shot through the head was discovered atthe -river. 'A five chamberpd' revolver ' with' two :disoharged ;was found near' the body and -it seetoed-that the shots, had- been fired into the' mouth.1 ' Dpcu !mentff.,fdund qn:the body showed1 that the' deceased was' named iCharleSi'' -Lamhert' Alexander, 31» years-of age,' and', that' lie arrived in Sydney by the : Pathan iri Juno'; last.- ?' '? The deceased' arrivedHn'Melbourne a,- few days ago arid 'took a .contract' for painting a house i -at' -South v'Yarra; and purchased the ' ' necessary' 'oils at Kewr Thero \seems little doubt that! tho man set fire tb.the placeV as a1 quantity of brown paper . saturated '(yith'oil 'wfts;didcovered; 1 -A. Ghost at BBioiiTON.-^-^Foot-passehgers who havooocasion to: pass raloi g the Beach roadv between iPionio Point'and the Beach terminus; for a few nights 'have vbe'en. rather perplexed (says the' Melbourne1 ^orld) by hearing unearthly voices' mixed with , cries 'for. help. ; Nothing, ' however^ has been sebri until' Saturday evening week,' wheri'the driver of a wagonette, which plies; between tho two before-mentioned' places; saw a white object making towards his vehicle. On its coming Ploser ho''at once perceived it was only: an imposture, some person having donned d white sheet,:! arid whitened his face. Ho also had ra potato cut like a skeleton's' jaw,' which -lie held in his nioiith. .The driver Boon recovered his self-possession and'inade1 a strike at the ghost with his whip. ; His ghostship did' not care for that kind of play,and. was sopri making tracks towards some scrub near' the'road.'' The police, wlio have since the 14thir inst. been expecting, soiriothitig of the kind, wore soon on the alert, but couldhpt1 discover anybody likely to have1 been the guilty party. .: . ? ' , The Defaulter Fletcher.— Owing to' the reticence displayed by the directors of. the \ various companiees with which Fletcher i 'has been conneoted (says the Argus)', it: has been a difficult matter to ascertoin the. facts. The latest develpp^ riients.in connection -with the affair are as, follow : — Although the special audit of the' Duchess : .Tribute Company has not been completed, sufficient: discovery lias been riiade to show that whereas there should be a credit of over .£70, ' there is a debit balance ;of : over ;^300.' An over issue' of ^crip has also 'been found out, but the, ex 1 tent cannot be positively stated.. In the 1 South' Devonshire ? Coiripaiy -'the director's have been aware that ^here; has been1 a a surplusage of .scrip' for soirie time p^'osfc. Th6 number is Btated as being from 500 to ?700, ' which the directors re-purchasecl at 20s per share, and Fletcher wastoreim \- burse the purchase-money by ?? not' drawing his salary lintil such time as the amount ;was covered. Sometime since, itis alleged, there was a ' discrepancy in the London derry' Company's accounts to the bxtent of ojver dSlOOO, but this amount has 'been re placed. , Although the Garden Gully, Com-, pahy per se, does not suffer, several of the directors have; Fletcher having withheld fpes from the Board, with the exception of two: members. ' '. ' . , ' ! A Livelt Place.— Bbnguella, the second largest- town in Portuguese West Africa, seems to be a lively place (says the Pioneer, Mail). Mr; H. H. Johnstone, who has just rbturned from the Congo, visited Benguella, and reports that 'the wild thing's of nature are very' little bariished from its precincts in spite of civilisation and the pplice force.' Lions are a perfect nuisance, prowling' about the streets ' at night. When Mr.Johristone was there, the Govern-1 rnent doctor stumbled against one during his evening ramble. : The sight of the doctor seems to have frightened the lion, who doubtless felt that'he was not drug proof, like old' Mithridates. ? Iri this part of the world -sport is extremely profitable. Erikison, a Swede, and the companion of Anderson, the explorer, has ' established himself as an elephant-hunter, and, ac cording to Mr. Johnston, he has made in the course of some twenty years upwards of ;S60,000 out of ivory arid ostrich feathers. There are few parts of the world where a hunter con make .£3000 a year. '? ' i The Federal BiLL.-^-In the Queensland Legislative Assembly, on Thursday night, Mr. Griffith gave notice of resolutions to the effect that tliis House, having had under consideration the resolutions adopted at the Intercolonial Convention hold at Syd ney in Noveinber and December last, records its entire approval of the said re Bplutions, and that an address be presented to her Majesty, praying that she will be pleased to cause a measure to be submitted to the Imperial Parliament for the pmpose of constituting a Federal Council of Aus tralasia upon, the basis of the draft bill adopted at the. Convention. At Adelaide on the same day, the Legislative Council adopted an address to her Majesty iri favour of tho Federal Council Bill. ?'. !An E ntebJprising Firm. — Messrs. Turner arid ' Jones have started 'a new enterprise by running street ''busses at all hours. They have also started an omnibus to Corra Linn. This conveyance will run to Corra Linn daily, Sunday's included and will,af ter staying half an hour,' return1 homeward, reaching Launceston at 5-30 p.m.1 -.' ''?'.?' .? ? ? ??'- - . ?'? '' ? ' Tenders are invitedby the manager of the Lauriceston and Westorri Railway for ' the erection of engine and carriago sheds at' Delorainb^ .''; ?Received: r— The Tasmanian Catliolia Standard, for Feb. 15, being''the first issue under its present' proprietofsliip,is to hand, aid is well compiled; It eoritains Bishop Murphy's pastoral for Lent. I The Fre'Mh '-np. MADA&AsoATi;— An en |eng!igement~occurred- in— the'-middle 'of ? [January bfetweetf'thp French '.-' arid''' the iHovas. ' At, daybreal^, the' French secretly.;i left the fprtg pf'Tariiatave, and marched on,'1; Faraf atoy 10 miles offiwhe're the Malagasie's' [were encainped;1 The Ffeii.ch ' entered a ''';. little' villdge' arid Raptured four Hpvas^Th'e'' soldib^'s' 'marched onFarafato, 'wheri'the7'' Hoyaa- received' them with a vblley'bf - artillery, and forcod the' French to retreat.';,' tTho French- officers say that' 'it was only & recfoririaisarite to test the resistance of the: l jETovaW-' Far'afate 'was well fortified.1. TheJ iGoveifrimerit are still disinclined -to. submit r ^o.thd French deriiaridsjthe Only corice'ssiori : ?they aro willing to make being tho acceiit- l price of a French protect6rafer over tho north , of the island and. tho payirient Pf a war iji demriity.0 ;Is egotiationo ' have been broken off; arid the HoVas- are strengthening their' £ armaments.' The '?'? Planter's' Gazette says-'1 that'clLieut.-.C61onel ? Willoughby has .ar-' rived.at'the capitali and offered his services -' ib6''threH6vas:', '?_''??.': '; ??-??:-???} i ' The^ Nbl'son jBXnd.— A complimentary-1 supper was given' at the CbrnwaU Assehibly ? *' Rooriis'bri 22nd in^t. by the Nelson Barid to the inembers of the, St. Joseph's Band arid';'.' b' few' friends, about flfty( persons 'sitting17 down'to ari : excellent spread, provided by-J Mr: G. B;Dean;:'Mr: G. Daley, bandmaster ?'« of ??'? 'the Nolsbri ' . Band,' occupied ' the J phairj and- Mr. G. ?Harrison, band master of i . the ' Sti ' Joseph's Band, '? the.' vice-chair. After- .discussing', 'the'; inbre Solid viandsj the chairman proposed ? ' the usual loyal toasts of the Queen andXl Royal 'Family, and his Excellency the. Governor, which were duly honoured. The' Chairman thenproposed the health of the; ; St.- Joseph's ' Band, and spoke in ? ?warm1 ' - terms of the manner iri which the visitors, , had been treated by the members of that-.: 1 band, and also by the people of Launceston '; generally. The toast was heartily received,1. \ nd Mr. ? C.! Galvin- responded, paying a ''? I high tribute to the musical abilities of the' - Nelsori'Band,1 and expressirig the pleasure . it hxtd boeri.'tp the local men to meet1' them-. . Ho concluded by hoping the St.' Joseph's : Barid would profit by the. lesson, they, had received from the visi-v tors; .The'1 health of the Nelson Band1' was then proposed by the vice- chairman; .''. who niado special reference to its able ;- bandmastor,Mr.Daley. The toastwas drunk . ? with cheers and musical honours, and was responded tp by Band-Sergeant Burton. ' The Chairman proposed the, health of i Messrs. W.'C; Bryceiand and E. B. Hornsby,^ '': Referring to the efficient manner in which1; they had ca.rried out , the arrangements for ? ' b|oth the concerts at ', the Invalid Depot '?'? . grounds; which had giyeri every satisfac- ? ? tion to the Nelson Band.' The toast was' ' duly honoured, and Mr. Hornsby, who ; responded, referred; to the cordial good ? feeling that had existed between the mem- .. bers of the St. Joseph's and Nelson Bands - d,uring the latter's visit. Tho evening was ' ; enlivened with -a-; '.little harmony from, various members, and a 'very pleasant'11 social evening was spent, the company not - breaking up till midnight. Tho Nelson Band left for Hobart at 8'30 a.m.Saturday;.'i arid all -. express themselves' as carrying' away pleasant reminiscences of their first visit to Launceston. We may mention, that .£5 '5s was given from the proceeds' of ' . the concert on 22nd ult. towards the : invalid Depot Piano Fund. '? ' r : ?''/.'?. More Novelties. — We have been shown. ;.' some, novelties in the way of pictorial ': almanacs by Mr. H-. Arrowsmith, traveller * for the well-known firm of Gibbs, Shallardi : and Co. of Sydney, who is now introducing : them into Tasmania. They are of various, styles and degrees of. merit, but are nearly twice as large as the ordinary style, the1 ; largest being 35 inches by 23 inches, and -,' some of the designs and floral borders are - really works of art. Many are well worth framing, and it is not surprising to learn , that during the fortnight Mr. Arrowsmith ! has been in Tasmania, during which he hks only visited Hobart arid the Midland ' districts, business has been very satisfac- ': tory. From Launceston Mr. Arrowsmith visits the westward and coast districts. .'.',' j Promenade Concert. — One of the most ? successful promenade concerts given in this town| took phxce at the Iriyalid Depot 22nd''' inst, when the band of H.M.S. Nelson ' andthe St. Joseph's Band combined and ren dered a most delightful selection of music, ';.' the concert being tendered as a compli nientary one to the Nelson Band by the St.: Joseph's. The grounds were illuminated with Chinese lanterns.and ornamented with flags and arches of evergreens. Mr. A. -' Jones, the popular superintendent, was most ''.'' energetic in seeing to the comfort of the visitors to the grounds. The programme opened with the march, ' Jack's come home to-day,' by the combined bands, which was ' exceedingly well played. The1 selection from Offenbach's, 'Grand Duchess', was ' also much admired, but the gem of- the evening was certainly the piccolo solo, ? 'Danse de Satyrs,' by one of the members of- the Nelson. Band.. It was charmingly played, and . listened tp-with intense pleasure, the applause being 'freely given at the conclusion. Ther following was .the, programme ; — By the .; combined bands — March, 'Jack's Come. ' Hom^' To-day' (arranged by Harri- ; spn).; selection, 'Grand Duchess;' ' valse, ' Dream Faces ;' valse, ' Ehren on :' the Rhine ;' galop, (vocal) 'Flossie.' Nelson Band— Valse, 'Cia Baraj' fan-; tasia;''Erin,' the ballad, 'Come Back to'. ,' Erin' '-? being '.'introduced .;, overture, .- 'iZampa;' piccolo solo, 'Danse de Satyrs.''. St; Joseph's Band: — Polka, 'Sweet Smiles', (arranged by, Harrison). ' A thoroughly en, - jpyablo concert, '? 'which' ' ^^ was ?'??'? largely' v pjitroniBedj there being close on 150Q people. ' present, ' was' brought to ;a closeby the''/) 'I National 'Anthem.' , ' ,,, ?'..?:'. ; | AppLiOATfONS are invited for the position; of foreinan 'arid ;', clerk , of works , in'.'' connection' with the proposed harbour ' im- '?' provomenta. ,- ? ' '-'a I J,.Bastbr- Temperance r,,,FESTiTAii.-r-A I ? meeting -, of 'delegates; from,, the ' various Sands of Hope was held at the Y.M.C.A. rooms, to make arrangements for the forth coming juvenile f temperance festival on Easter Monday. It was decided that the festival bo held as last year. Mr. P. Be-1 ginald Dix was appointed secretary, and Mr. A. J. Scott treasurer ,. to the Com mittee. - Somo preliminary arrangements were made, and sub-committees appointed for carrying out the festival. .'. Public Buildings in Sydney. — The Sydney correspondent of the Insurance Record says: — Our largo public buildings run into money. Including furniture, the Public Works Offices at the corner of Bridge and ?, Macquarie streets cost .£141,609 ; the new Lands- Offices in Bridge street .£109,420, while nearly a ' quarter of a million will bo the outlay for the Callah Park Asylum. . , , '..'Chimney on Eire. — The -sound of the fire-bell rung out at l'30 Wednesday after noon, indicating that afire had broken out on ; the- western Bide of the town. Five minutes after the alarm was givon- the fire brigade was in attendance where the fire '??-. was supposed to be, viz., at Mrs. Marsh's in Patterson-street. The chimney, had. caught fire through the carelessness of the servant-girl, who upset some fat in. the kitchen -fire, thereby causing the soot . in the chimney to ignite. It was only burning for a very few minutes, as a garden, hose , was , brought to play down i the chimney, and the fire imme diately subsided. :Wo stated, in our report of the fire which occurred at the back of the Criterion Hotel; on Sunday night that the hose burst, and also that one burst on the previous : Saturday at the fire at the rear of the promises in Charles street. This, however, we are informed, was not exactly the case, as 'on Sunday night the hose was wrenched off the coup ling by main force, and on Saturday, though the hose did burst, it was.caused by it being jammed in a door. ;. , Bepresentation op Buckingham.— The r writ has, now been. issued for the election of 'a member for Buckingham in the Legis-1 latiye Council, -in succession to the late Ikhu T. D. Chapman; Only. two candidates appear to be in the field, namely, the, hon. P. 0. Fysh, to lyhom; we understand, ' , a strong requisition, is being signed, and Dr. Bedford, who is a stranger in the politi cal arena. ? t' ' ..'?''? The Fraudulent: Bankruptcy Case. -r-David. Jones, until i lately a- hotel keeper ' at Blue Tier,, ' Gould's Coun ',-' tryylwas Wednesday charged on -remand -.'?' at , the -Police . Court under the Debtor's i.Aot, with . having fraudulently removed part of his' property/ and also with having concealed part of his property, his . . estate at the time being in liquidation. Mr.. G.T.- Collins appeared for the trustees in the! estate^ Messrs. Maddox and Ferguson, and-Mr. B. Byron Miller appeared for, the ; defendant. , .Five witriessesiwere examined for the!prosecutiony when a remand to 5th March was granted for the attendance of' other. witnesses.- .! ,?. .? ?!.? ? 'PiperEiver Building Stone.— Samples of tho- bluestorie from the quarry, a short' ' distance, from the Piper Biver Heads, re cently opened by Mr; Owen and others; may be seen at the corner of Brisbane and St. John streets, where a consignment is '?. being used for the foundations of -the new Bank of Australasia. A good opportunity also offers for comparing it with the Malmsbury' and Footseray stone, which is also being used there. Tho Piper stone is th6 best ; samplo of bluestone for building ?purposes yet brought to market in the c'Qlony, works kindly, and if it can be sup plied—as it ought -'to be— in sufficient quantity and at moderate price, we ought to see no more Victorian brought over for Tasmariian buildings.. '' '-'-. '? MasoniO. — The installation meeting of the, St. : John's H.E. A. Chapter, 346 I.C., was held at the Lodge Booms Thursday, when P. P. K. Cbmp. G. . Talmage' , acted as installing Officer, and the following. . officers were elected, and those present; installed for the onsuing year :— M.E.K., Cpinp. M. Munro; M.H.P:, ;Comp; . W. Strbudj M.C.S., Comp.H. Thompson; Captain of r Hosts, Coinp. D. Epoih; Supt. of Tabernacle, Compl B. Thomas ; Registrar and Treasurer, Coinp. W. Conway; B.A. .' Capt'., Comp. W. Southwell; Capt'. pf Scar- , let Veil, Coinp. T. Holmes; Capt.,. Purple Veil, Comp, W. E.' Webster ;' Capt.. Blue Veil, Comp. Ji A.. Lyali; Janitor, Comp. Jnol Bricichili. At the conclusion of the business the members and visitors partook of refreshments together. .' Unclaimed. :CABLEaR.\\.M,-7We -aro re quested to state that a cablegram addressed '; B. Howard, Frederick-streot,'. is lying at the Launceston ; .Telegraph-office, the mes sengers being unable .to find the owner. Ah owner is also wanted for a telegram ad--, dressed, to Miss E. Clayton. French- street. [ , Evandale Presbyterian Church. — After extensive repairs ?? the i Presbyterian Church at Evandale -will be ;re-opened on Sunday next, when the Bev.' J. Eussell will preach at 11 a.m., and the Bev. W. M'Bea (New Zealand)? at 7 p.m. Special icollec-: tionsin aid of repairing fund will be; made ? at both services. ? ?? ?? : ? ? ''?' '?-'? ' '? T.HE A;B.C. Pocket G-triDE.— The A.B.C. Time Table and Pocket Guide for; Hbbart: and Launceston, published by Mr! W. J. : ? Donnelly, for the' month of -March, jsfe hand; As usual it1 is nicely got' up}'and .will prove ? a boon to commercial inen, travellers, and others. ; .Launceston Police Court.— There was oply brie/caso beforo the Police Magistrate , Thursday 'morning, at the Pqlice. .Court, that 6f: John Hu tcliins, : who, was .charged on . remand , with _ having . stolen 4$, and some' silver ^rom^n old-man named phippsl'The, pnsone^waslsetjat^b.eirlyj'.as^Chipps.'.was, unatie/to. attend,; through yihealtih, he. no£ Tbe^g^expectedjtb'liveV','.^ ' ',''. ,'. ?r','j,\ .vi;'f:-, ?L. and 'W. Railway.— In ? accordance withan official notification, the new arrange ment in connection' with the delivery of goods at the L. and W. Bailway Station will come into operation on Monday next. For reasons which were deemed sufficient at the opening of .the railway; produce sent into town has hitherto been delivered at tho stores of consignees by tho department; but owing to the great detention of teams which frequently occurred, it was deter mined to discontinue that practice, and to leave consignees to do their own carting as they please. Accordingly, Parliament voted a sum of inonoy for providing increased storage accommodation at the station, though not ' as much as experience has shown to be necessary, and a splendid goods shed has just been com pleted. On and after Monday next, there i fore, grain sent into town .will bo received j at the shed and notice sent to consignees, after which it. will bo allowed to remain for 24 hours free ; after that period storage I will be charged at the rate of - half -penny 'per bag, and of ter 48. hours one penny per bag per diem. The alteration of system iwill not; require producers to come into itovrn .to arrange for cartage from the station any; more than hitherto, as agents j in town to whom the produce ia consigned ? 'will do that for them. ; i Launceston Post-ofpice.;— Arrange ments have been made for furnishing the Launceston. Post-offico.: with 50 private letter-boxes for the' use of subscribers. jThese will be placed against the partition ; behind the door, leading into the old money order office, at the rear of the Post-office. I They will be provided with glass fronts, :so that. subscribers when they, call will be iablo to see. if there are any letters for ;them,; and. r will be thus prevented :asking , for 'letters when .there are |none, and thus save the messengers trouble. We are not aware, however, whether any provision is' to be made, to provide addi tional clerks to attend to, the private letter, 'boxes, the. present staff being already over .' worked, and not always able to give prompt attention to the one inquiry window at -present in existence; Mr. T. H. 'M'Grath, the Acting-Secretary of the Postal Department,- has visited Launceston 'to inquire into the1 working of the 'office hero, which has been in an unsatis factory state for- some time past, . through the insufficient staff, inadequate accommo 'dation, and ? other causes, but the result of his enquiry has not yet transpired. We , are glad to be able to state that the cpm iments recently made in our columns as to jthe. signalling of the P. and O. mail i steamers and not the Orient mail vessels have attracted the attention of the postal (authorities, and instructions have been j given that the arrival of the Orient as {well as the P. and 0. mail-; steamers should, , be signalled. The arrival of the . Flinders Thursday, however,.- with ?the English mail, by. -the Orient steamer John Elder, , was not signalled, and . no ^explanation of the omission ; has .'? been 'afforded. . ? ? - ?.: : . ? ... The Cimitiere Baptist,, Tabenacle.— . 'Amongst the passengers by;., the Flinders Thursday were the Bev.. A. Bird and family ? who arrived;. from England at Melbourne !by the. Orient s.s. John'. Elder on Monday 'evening last. The Bev. Mr. Bird has been [selected for the pastorate -of the Baptist .Tabernacle in Giniitiere-street, erected at a ?cost of some .£8000 by Messrs. W;. Gibson jand Son, of Perth. Mr. Bird left by the [evening train, by the Western Eailway for 'iPerth. where he will be tho truest of Mr. . Wm. Gibson at his residence, Native; Point.. An Old Victorian Colonist.— The . death is reported of , Dr. Daniel Curdle, of jTandarook Station near Cainperdownj one of the oldest and most esteemed residents of the Western district of Victoria. About 44 years ago (says the Argus) he came to the colony; — then known as ? Port Phillip district — with the intention of practising as . a dpctoiy but: after 'roughing it' fora ,time in the bush, ho found that. squatting iwould be a more profitable occupation,' and1/ jtook upa/teact of v.acant, country- between Camperclown and the coast. Very little of !the interior beyond Geelong was. then occu rpied, and tho blacks ,were nuineixras and [troublesome. Dr. Curdiq was most humane in his dealings with the blacks, who often jresorted to Tandarook as a place of: safety [during their tribal quarrels. These quarrels iwero frequent and sanguinary, and on one occasion almost an entire tribe living near Ithe coast was destroyed by a stronger body of blacks, whose proper habitat was the Otway ranges. The few who escaped were ?taken care of by Dr. Curdle. He was re garded' far and wide as the natural pro tector pf the blacks, and unlike some of his neighbours in the early days of colonisa-^ tion, he, never required to carry arms when travelling through the unfrequented bush. His fearlessness inspired both respect and awe amongst the tribes. He was an en thusiastic botanist and geologist, and made himself familiar with the physical .geo graphy of the western district, down to its minutest details. His correspondence with scientific men both in the colonies and in England was extensive, and his letters wore the.yehicle for diffusing valuable in fprmation: respecting ; Victoria and its re sources. He died, at the ripo age of 74, leaving a widow and numerous family. ' .Impecunious; Boyalty. — There have been some sinister hints, and innuendoes in Various -quarters as to the disordered conJ dition in which the Duko and Duchess of Teck are alleged to have left their affairs when they, went abroad ?, and it has been ptated that Kensington tradesmen ' have jood; reason to. lament their departure.' This, says a society paper, i is a- malicious fabrication. ., The. whole of the bills of the Duke and Duchess were paid in 'full some' time ;agp, and^we., understand -that, the funds were found by the, Duchess of Cam bridge, who, -in one' wayand;another,..has/ paid o yer .£30,000 for her, youngest daughter' during the last few years. ';' :i ? .... .; ' 