ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GHOST.] April 18. The week, in so far at all events as the Government are concerned, has been characterised by a masterly inactivity. The good intentions of tile Ministry to set to work in real earnest and prepare the measures for the forthcoming session have simply added to tile heap of material- with which a certain torrid locality is said to be paved. Holidays are, in a certain sense, most demoralising. Their approach nnfits nen for serious work, and when they are past and gone, there is thle inevitable re coveryto be suffered, during which all mental exertion becomes a. bore. Our rulers are, after aUll,' but men, possessing the same foibles and subject to the same influence as ordinary mortals; and thus it comes .tliathiistcad of meeooting in solemn conclave isand discussing thle provisions of the bills to be laid before Parliament duirilignext June, they eat, drink, and are ilerry, ,some in Queenscliff, others at Sorroento, and others again-for whom, like Chliarles Lamb, green fields possess no oharlms, and who luxuriate with bricks and isortar of towns-in tlhe classic portions of Collingwood. SEven the recently appointed Postumas~ter General, MIr. Jamnes Campbell, who is niothing if not a business man, has not put in an appearance in his new office, where he is to reignvice Mr. Berry, who lhenccforth is to devote himself exclusively to the duties appertaining to the ChiefSecretary ship. It' is rumoured that under the regiame of the "now broom " some of the long-iroinised and much needed reforms in the management of the department will be inaugurated. It remains, however, to bee seen whether MIr. James Campholl's ideas when simply- a private member of the liegislature are as progressive as they oere before he obtained the riglht to 'aflix tlhetitleof "ihonourablo" to his patro ciymic and to take hIis seat in the Caljinet. Should his opinion not have changed, and the blight of officialdom not affect his aspi rations towards cheap postiages, we may liope that ere long letters will be carried all over.Victoriafor a penny, and news papeprs:be free. Goiitlemen, when ia office, are,; however, at tilies, very different from the saine individuals when out of offce,and present an aspect as entirely dissimilar under their altered condition -as the piovorbial Philip Drunk and Philip Sober. SThe onslaiight on the Governmeit,begun by Major Smith, has not been pioductive of any of the anticipated results. The attabk was intended as the first of a series to be made oh ths'Ministerial position. But the. raik and file th o.lionourable and gpillant moinblr for B3allarat assumes to lead have evidently no steinmdilch for the fight. Wiser than their elsief, they evidently hive no'disire td rush. iri where the-ex-Minister of Education Ihas notfeared to "put down his.foot." Witlh the one solitary exceptios of a newspaper published in his own constituency, the entirePress of the colony have been unanimousin expres sing disapproval of the Ballarat prossmscia iento, and of the "bad form" shown in abusing the ImperialMilitia officers and the Eailway Commissioners. The Marquis of Normanby.is taking liii departure, 'not exactly "unwept, -un honoured, and unsung," but without any very serious manifestations of grief on the: part of.thel colony hlie has quitted. Thord is a prevalent idea-only too wellfounded -that the noble lord -hadunot been over Idvish. in'-his bhospitalties,-:and that ;tlhe liege subjects of her Majesty: have not bien invited as often as they should have been to the festivities at Government hlouso. The feasts givenhave been of- an emninently barmecide clharacter, and inthe mnajority of instances the invitationsilhen issued have been countermanded because some of the Governor's numerous, sisters and cousins and--nunts would :insist:-on dying at.inopportune times.. When:tlhe doom. of patronago was sealed, anid the Railway Commissioners took cliarge of the State lines,itwas hoped that the reign of incompetency was over, anid that all reasonable grounds for complaint would be removed.- Vain'isid delisivehoppel There has been; the si.ie laimntable. wsVant df arrdaigements displayed.durin the holio adys just oended as hlsu always:boeen :shown when the didpairtuiont was.subjectedtb anyi extrai st~rain-tiaains late, first and second cla's: pihsoingors indiscriminately htiddled into the; carriages, poitei'i conspiccuous by their ahscenc 06ostling crowds at the stiations; the Usuail crush at the, ticket windows;ahdif iossiblo, all the old incon vdniences intensified. People are asking theiuselves if it was worth while importing a manager at'.3000 per annum,.and giving him a couple of well paid colleagues, inde pendent of Parliaisentary control, to leive them'just whser they were when Lessrei. Woods rind Patterson and Buent Were abt the helm: Two moqthss should hadve boeen sufficientto enabld the newly appointed men to ".feel their feet," and put an end toi at- least some of the most flagrant abluses of the old sistoeiii.' But theoyhave ap pairently done nothling,atid in regard to our railways we are much in the position of the a house whose laststate wasvworse tlrhan itsfirst. 11 Blundering, however, does not appear to p; be peculiar to railway officials. Thire Board o df lHealth appear to be imbued witli an d equal facility for hitting on thle plan of s "how not to do it." The incoming mail steamer Rome was prevented from.dis. I; chlurging lc r mrail wlhilo the two'n medical I men at the Heads were squabbling over, a the unintelliiblo instructioas received! L froni hlcead:-qu'arters. 'After eight hours l hand been wasted,trhepp'roporeoursewasatlast c. adopted, the letters taken to Melbournel and .fumigated, and thre ick passenger Slanded at the quarantineo station. There 1 are doctors who aver that the patient \- labout whom all the fuss is being made is ; not suffecring freom small-pox, and the I alarnm is a false one. Meanwhile, tlhe 'un Sfortunate people on board the Rome are Skept in suspense as to their ultimate fate. SWhether they aro to undergo a fourteen days' quarantine, to be vaccinated andi Sfumigated, lhas not yet been finally decided by Dr. Youl and his colleagues on tihe Central Board of HIealth. Unable to reply to tihe criticisms of the newspapers on their gross incapacity, the oficials have retaliated by refusing to afford any infor mation to the representatives of the Press. Of course, were Parliament in session, this step would not have beeln taken. But in tlre absence of control, the officials are following the tactics pursued by the mice in thre absence of the cat. Tihe weekly record of crime is devoid of anything sensational. Tihe mirderer Walton, who in a fit of jealousy shot his wife at Lauriston, in October last, has been declared by a jury insane and unfit to plead, and remanded to gaol ." during hris Excellency's pleasure." It is to be hoped thattlhe "pleasure" of Irer Majesty's repre sentative will be to keep the fellow in durance vile during the rest of hris natural life. Bourke, or, as he prefers to call hIrimself, Captain Donovan, who is suspected by the police-but by no one else-of being the man who killed Beach, at Pettavel, is said to have been sent out to Tasmania some thirty years ago, for Iis country's good. The bank robbers of Horshram are still unknown, the Governmentreward not withstanding ; not even tIre stolen notes, which it is said are coming rapidly into circulation, affording tie detectives the usual "clue." An amusing story is being told in con nection with Major Smith's recent oration 1 at Ballarat. "I suppose," observed one member of tire Assembly to another who sits in opposition, "now that .' tle Major ' has opened the campaign, ire will ibe fol lowed by a lot of snseroerus politicians." " Well," replied tire other lronourable gen tleman, whro had evidently never heard of the Rev. Sydney Smith, "I hardly think so. There is really not much to answer." Had tire gentleman who tmhus spoke nrot hailed from the "land of moun tain and of flood," he might hIrivoe becn suspected of perpetrating a bon mot.rl .. Pressmen are, as a rule, not entirely free from thire ordinary weaknesses incidenital to poor humanity, and it is hardly strange, therefore, that tlrey should, at times, re joice over trhe misfortunes of their friends. And so it comes to pass tlhat tirere is at present some little joy dlisplaryed by mem bers of the fourth estate over the discovery that a contributor to tire leading columnss of one of tire metropolitan morning dailies lIms been found out as a literary larcenist, and exposed to public derision. The "smart" articles are simply paraphrases of tihe leading matter of tire Slaturday Revicew, from whichr journal the ideas, tirhe phlraseology, and the quotations are all "cribbed." What makes tilre matter worse is threfact thrat thre delinquent is a goentleman who'proefires to iris patronymic tire title of "reverend," and who can tlrerefore Ihardly plead, as an excuse, ignorance of tIre com mandment anent stealing. He has boen gibettedinthl Press, under thire psoudonyme of the Reverend "Mr. Filclitt," a name so very closely resembling hris own, as to render it easy to fix thire responsibility of tre plagiarist on thire right shroulders. Before undertaking his clerical dnties, tire now reverend gentleman was connected with a labour office in Goeclong, and having, tlerefore, for a number of years, lived on tire work of others, perlhaps finds himself Unable .to divest himself of a ihabit con-' tracted in early life. How much poori mortals are slaves to custom I .. Lieutenant.Colonel Sargood, tIre Minister. of Dcfence,. has been going about seeking legal opinions, and finding none. ..His appeal for advice to tire President of tirhe Legislative Council.h as been as fruitless as his other ondeavoiurs to find out in whrat manner hris acceptain'co.:of' the rank rhe rolds" in thie militinr-witll tIre allowaknees appertaining thereunto-affects his posi tion as a member of tIre Legislature. If hIis rcceptance of a lieutenant-colonelcy, with £50 per annum for tire keep bf ia charger, is deemed to'be "an ollhe .of' pjrofit under thire .Crowvn," heo is sitting illegally and is liable,to whoever chooses to sue him, for the sum of fifty pounds i day for every day he retains his seat. Unsuc ceossful in discovering the state of mind of those before whom the question may be brought for adjudication, he hras resolved to quote his own words-to retain his seat '"aud brave the penalties." As the gallant officer is perfectly aware that rwhen a similar case occurred on a former occasion to an honourable member wrho supported the Ministry, tire person exercising hlis legal right to sue for tihe penalties was threatened withl thire Sergeant-at- Arms, and tbhe pains following on a broach of privi logo, the decision arrived at can hardly enableo Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood to claim. thre distinction "for valour." The "bravery" of deciding "to brave" the penalties is not assuredly of a very exalted kind. . Melbourne is at the present time graced by the presence of royalty, King Tawahio, accompanied by a number of New Zealand t chiefs, bent on interviewing 'England'si Queen, being at present in our midst. 'His Majestyhas been taken round to see tire lions; has been talked to by Dr. L. L. Smith, and at by Mr. Fitzgibbon,the City Recorder, with wlom he is to-night to dine. Evi dently, however, the royal personage is without much honour in this country, how ever mucli he may have in his own. No salute tlrundered from our war shlipi to grace his arrival, and the head that wears ai crown lies uneasily eveiy night in a secondrato hotel at Willianmstown. In theatrical circles "the sensaition" of tire week has been thie failure of " Funi on the Bristol,". produced at thie Royal.' A nioro iiaue, vulgar, 'and tediously dreary i 'comicality"' has never been placed on tirhe boards of the Royal-which is saying a i great deal. Evenrin its modified shlapeothb public will have nonei of it, and even tire a gallery refuses to laugh at tire horse play and stale jokes wlich would disgrace a third-rate : Ethiopian"' sreniaders per formance. Mr. Garner hILs' this time 'made a great mistake in gauging tihe taste of Molbourne play-goers; 'At the 'Bijou, e Emelie Melvilloe. is still, drawing largo hIrouses, and the same' may be said of Miss Genevieve 7Vird'in" Forget me not," at theio. Princess, ?here this genuine actress t niglitly aiippcars to grow in favour. At tie f Opera House, Burnauid's new version of the s old story'of Bluo.Beard, withl Jenny Lee in the title' rote, is. beiiig well patronised. The Wine '.ind Giain, Exibition supplements its aIttrcietions byl a.display of. musculartr Christidnity,,'a wrestling, match for the chaniioianship of the world lhaving bebn I arraiged between' Donald Dinnie, th"' Scotch athlete, and Professor' Miller. : 