THE VADAHT'GHAin. Br JOHN JI.VCKAY WILSON, You Iir.vo all henrd of the Cheviot moun tains. Tlioy are a rough, rugged, majestic chain of hills, which a poet might term the Roman wall of nature ; crowned with snow, belted with storms, Burrouudcd by pasture. . and fruitful fields, and still dividing tho northern portion of Great Britain from the Boutbern. With their proud summits piercing I the clouds, and their dark, rocky declivities frowning upon tho glens below, they appear symbolical of the wild and untamable spirits of the Borderers who ouee inhabited their ' eides. We say, you have all heard of. the | Cheviots, aud know them to bo very high hills i like a huge claip riveting England and Scot land together, hut we are not aware that you may havo heard of Mnrcldaw, an old, grey looking farm house, substantial as a modern fortress recently, and for aught we know to j tho contrary, still inhabited by Petor Elliot, tile proprietor of some live hundred surround ing acres. Tho boundaries of Peter's farm indeed were defined neither by fields, hedges, nor etouo walls. A wooden stake hero, and a stone there, at considerable distances from each ' other, were tile general landmarks ; but neither : Peter nor his noighborE considered a fow acres worth quarrelling about; and their sheep frequently visited each other's pastures in a friendly way, harmoniously sharing a family dinner, iu the same spirit as their masters made themselves free at each other's tables. Peter was placed in very unpleasant cir cumstances, owing to the situation of March- law House, which, unfortunately, was built immediately ncross the "ideal line" dividing the two kingdoms ; . and his misfortune wns tlmt, boing born within it, liekiiow.uotwhetlior ho was an Englishman or a Scotchman. He could tra'co his uneestrai lino no furthor back than ids great-grandfathor, who, it appeared from the Family Bible, had, together with his grandfather aud fatlior, claimed Marchlaw as tiieir birthplace. They, however, were not involved in the same perplexities as tlioir des cendant. The parlor was distinctly acknow ledged to be in Scotland, and two-thirds of the kitchen were as certainly allowed to be in Englaud ; — his three ancestors were born In the room over the parlor, and, therefore, were Scotchmen beyond question ; but Peter, un luckily, being brought iuto the world before tho death of his grandfather, his parents occupied a room, immediately over thu debatable bound ary lino which crossed the kiteiien. The room though scaroely 8 feet square, was evidently situated between the two countries ; but no ono being able to ascortaiu what portion beionged'to" each. Peter after ulany argu ments nud altercations upon the subject, was driven to tho disagreeable alternative of con fessing bo ltnow not what countryman lie was. What rendered tho confession the more pain ful was that it was Peter's highest ambition to be thought a Scotchman. All Ids arable laud lay on the Scotch side ; his mother was collaterally related to tho Stuarts ; and few families wero mora aaoient or respectable than the Elliots. Peter's speech, indeed, betrayed him to bo a walking partition between the two kingdoms — a living representation of tho Union ; for in one word lie pronounced the letter r with the broad, mascuiiiio sound of the North Briton, and in the next with the liquid burr of the Northumbrians. Peter, or, if you prefer it, Peter Elliot, Esquire, of Marchlaw, iii the couutie3 of Nor- tliumberinud mid Roxburgh, was, for many years, the best tanner, lenper and wrestler bo- tween Woolor and Jedburgh. Whirled from his hand the ponderous bullet whizzod through tile air liko a pigeon ou the wing ; and the best " putter" on tile Borders quailed from compe tition. As a feather in his grasp, ho seized tile unwieldy hammer, swept it round and round his bond, accompanying witli agile limb its evolutions, Bwiftly as swallows play round a circle, and liurlod it from his hands liko a shot from a riflo, tilt antagonists shrunk back, and the spectators burst into n shout, " Well done, Bquire ! the squire for over !" once' ex claimed a servile observer of titles. " Squire ! wlia are ye squiring at ?' returned Petor. " Confound ye ! wliero was ye when I was christened squire ? My name's Petor Elliot — your man, or onybody'a man, at whatovor they like 1" Petor' s soul was free, bounding and buoyant as the wind that carolled in a zephyr, or Blioutcd in a hurricane, upon his native hills and his body was 13 stone of healthy substan tial flesh, steeped iu the spirits of life. He had been long married, but marriage haiy / .wrought no ciiauge upon Mm. They who poae tlmt woillook transforms the lark into an owl offer on insnlt to the lovely beings wi n brightening our narkest hours witli the siuUm of alfcction, teach us that tlmt only is m. becoming in tl.o husband which is diagrae'- ful in the man. Nearly twonty yoara had passed over them, but Jnnet was still as kind, and m his eyes as beautiful ns when bcqtowing on him her hand, she blushed her ' vows at tho altar ; and ho was still as hannv as gouoious and aa frco. Nino fair children sat round their domestio hearth, and one tho youngling of tho flock, smiled uponits mother's knoo. Peter had never known sorrow ; ho was blost iu his wife, in liis children, iu his flocks Ho bad becomo richer than liis fathers. )Jo was beloved by bin neighbors, the tillers 'of his ground nud his herdsmen ; yon, no man envied bis prosperity. But a blight passed over the liarvost of iiis joys, and gall was rained into the enp of liis felicity. It wns CiiriBtmas day, and a moro melon, oiioly-looking sun never rose on tho 25th of December. Ono vast sablo o'.oud, like a universal pall, overspread tho heavens. Por weeks tho ground had been covered with olear dnzzling snow ; and ns throughout tlio day tho rain continuod its unwearied and monotonous drizzle, tho earth assumed a character and appearance melancholy and troubled as the lieavens. Liko a mastiif that lias lost its owner tho wind howled dolefully down tho glens, and wns re-echoed from tho caves of the mountains ns tho lamentations of a legion of invisible' spirits. The frowning, snow-clad precipices wero iustinct with motion, ns nvnlancho upon avalanche, tho largor burying tho less, crowded dosvnwnrd in thoir tre mendous journey to the plnin. The simple mountain .rills had assumed tho majesty of rivers ; tho broader streams wero swollen into tile wild torrent, and, gushing fortii as cata racts, in fury and in foam, enveloped the valleys in au angry flood. But at Marchlaw the Are blazed blithely ; tlio kitchen groaned beneath tlio load of preparations for a joyful feast; and glad faces glided from rouin to room. Peter Elliot kept Christmas, not so much bo- causo it was Christmas, as in honor of its being tile birthday of T'lioinaa, liis first hern, who that day entered liis nineteenth year. With a father's love, liis heart yearned for all hi3 children ; but Thomas was tbo pride of liis eyes. Cards of apology had not then found their way among otir Border hills ; and as all knew that, although Petir admitted no spirits within his threshold, nor a drunkard at his table, he wns, nevertheless, no niggard in liis hospitality, liis invitations were. accepted with out ceremony. Tlio guests were assembled ; and tlio kitchen boing the only apartment iu the building largo enough to oontain them, the clotli was spread upon a long, olean, oaken table, stretching from England into Scotlaud. On the English end of the board wero placed a ponderous plum pudding, stud. led rvitli tempta tion, and a smoking sirloin ; on Scotland, n savory and well seasoned haggis, with a sheep's head and trotters ; wifile the inter mediate space was filled witli the good things of this life common to both kingdoms and to the season. Tlio guests from tho north and from tlio south wore arranged promireuoiisly. Every seat was fillod — save one. The chnir by- Peter's right hand remained unoccupied. He had raised his hands before liis eyes, and besought ' a blessing nn what was placed bofore tliem, and was preparing tu carve for bis visitors when his eyes fell, upon the vacant chair. The knife dropped upon the (able. Anxiety flashed across liis couutenauco, liko an arrow from an unseen hand. " Janet, where is Thomas ?" he inquired ; "hae nauc o ye seen him?" and, without waiting an answer, lie continued — " How is it possible lie cau be absent at a time like this ? And on such a day, too ? Excnje meamin-ite, friends, till I just step out aud ceo if I can find bim. Sinco ever I kept this day, as mnny o' ye ken, ho has always been at my right hand, iu that very chair ; I canna think o1 beginning our dinner whilo I see it empty." " If tho filliug of the chair bo all," said r port young sheep farmer, named Johnson, " will stop into it till Maater Thomas arrive." " Ye'ro not a father, young man," said Pel» and walked out of the room, Miouto succeeded minute, 'but Potef0" turned not. The guests becauio hungry, ph and gloomy, while an excellent diiiiK?a" tinuod Bpoiling before thwu. Mrs. »»ofc, whoso good nature was tho most prl,neQ feature in her character, strove, hy efT l,ca" Bible effort, to beguile the unpleasanF1 siona sho perceived gathering upon tJr couu tenances. ' " Fetor is just as bsd as him," al/oni j » " to hae gane to seok him when )i fJ? dinner wouldna keep. And l'm.'r? Ahomiw kenned it would be ready at on/®, ,a minute, It's sao unthinking r unfriendly like to keep folk waiting." A". ®av?r.,n5 to smile upon a beautiful bF hturod girl of seventeen, who sat by lur el p wwcontinueu iu anxious whisper : 11 Did/ flec Bhing 0 him, Elizabeth, hinny ?" / , The maiden blushed d/1? ' «"» qnostion evidently gavo freedom lA .J?.ar' for some time been an» prisoner in the brightest eyes in tlj,m.» an ty ,u?.no" syllable, " No," that i/il,lod r0,m J1" !'I"' was audible only to / ,ar . the inquirer. Iu vain Mrs. Elliot ?n? /1'or ohl1: dren after another i/'<-" t of their futlicr and brother ; they cam ¥ went-bnt brought no tidings moro clicorvtllan1fh? moaning of the hollow wind. Iff1 roUed mto onra, yot neither camo. S/Perc?id tho prouder of her guests propa/ 10 withdraw, aud, observ- ing tlmt '"Tlio/" c"ce wa, so singular and unaeeount/'i, ,unll'C8,0i.tf10r h"n or hL father, she/a\" w!lat "pology.to mako to her friends/ 8ucl! lament ; but It was needless wnf' .nnd beSd tll0y would uso no osromony . 1"? = " , No sccoir on was nocessaty. Good humor np/d tn ber restored, mid sirloins, pies pastf1 mo«nowl began to disappear liko' the fion' ?or a lnom<®t, Mrs. Elliot apparei/Mtok in the restoration of clicer- fuluodfl/ ft mv at Iut elbow again drove/ or 'rom 'Ier ros? cheeks. Hor eye wand/'011® 'urer en< f 'ho table, nnd rest (J ,0 unoccuP,ed seat of her husband, andvh cauk ch&ir; f her first horn. Her l»ea/r heavily within her ; all tho mother into her bojom ; and, rising fr«»ra tho £7" What iu the world can bo tho mean- T this ?' said she, as she hurried with a J)led countenance towards tho door, Hor Zand met her un the threshold. / Wliero hae yo been, Poter?" eald sho jerly, « Hao yo mu naothicg o1 him f ' . " Nsething, n nothing," replied he j " is ho no jot !" And, with a molanoholy glance, his eyes sought an answer in tho deserted chair. His tips quiyerod, his tongue faltered. " Gude forgio me," said lie, "and such a day for even an oncmy to bo out in 1 I've boon up and doun every way that I can think on, but not a living creature has seen or heard tell o him. Yu'll oxcubo mo, neehors," lie added, leaving the house ; " I must awa again, for I csiiua rest !" " X ken by mysol, friends," said Adam Boll, a dcceiit-looking Northumbrian, " that a faithcr's heart is as sensitive as tho apple o' his e'e ; and I think we would show a want o natural sympathy and respect for our worthy neighbor if we didna every one get his foot into the stirrup without loss o' time, and assist him in his search. For, >11 my rough country way 0' thinking, it muBt bo something parti cularly out o' tho common that would tompt Thomas to bo a missing. Indeed, I neodnn say tempt, for there could be no inclination in the way. And our hills," ho concluded, in a lower tone, " are not ower chancy in other respects, besides the breaking up 0' tho Storm." " Oh !" said Mrs. Elliot, wringing her hands, " I have had tho coming o' this about mo for days aud days. My head was growing dizzy with happiness, but thoughts oame stealing upon me like ghosts, and I felt a lonely sough ing about my heart, without being ablo to tell tlie cause : but tho cause is como at last I And my dear Thomas-— the very pride and staif o' my life — is lost — lost to mo for ever 1" " I ken, Mrs. Elliot," replied tho Northum brian, " it is an easy matter to say composo yourself, for tliem that diuna kun what it is to feel. But, at tho same time, in our plain country way o' thinking, we aro always ready to bolievo tho worst. I've otten heard my father say, and I've ns often remarked it my self, that before anything happens to a body, there is a something comes over them, like a cloud beforo tho faco o' the sun ; a sort o' dumb whispering abont the breast from the other world. And though I trust there is naothiug o' tiro kind in your case, yet as you observo, when I find myself growing dizzy, as it woro, with happiness, it makes good a say ing o' my mother's, poor body. 'Bairns, bairns,' slio used to Bay, ' thero is ower mticklo singing in your heads to-night ; wo will liavo a shower before bedtimo,' And I never, in my born days, saw it fail." At any other period, Mr. Boll's dissertation on presentiments would have been found a fitting text on which to hang alt sort3 of dreams, wraiths, warnings and marvellous cir cumstances, that had been handed down to tho company from tho days of their grandfathers; hut iu the present instance they wero too much occupied in consultation regarding the different routes to bo taken in their search, Twclvo horsemen, nnd. some half- dozen pedestrians, were seen hurrying in divers directions from Marchlaw, as tho lost faint liglits of a melancholy day wero yielding to the heavy darkness which appeared pressing in solid masses down the mountains. The wives nnd daughters of the party were alone loft with thedUconsolatemother.who alternately pressed her weeping children to her heart, and told them to weep not, for their brother would soon rctnrn ; while tho tears stole down her own checks, and tho infant in licr arms wept bccauso its mother wept. Her friends strove with each other to inspire hope, and poured upon her car their mingled and loquacious consolation. But one remained silent. The daughter of Adam Bell, who Bat by Mrs. Elliot's olbow at table, lmd shrunk into an obscure cornorof the room, Bofore her faco she hcida handkerchief wet with tears. Her bosom throbbod con vulsively ; and, ns occasionally her broken sighs burst from their prison houBe, nsiguiGcant whisper passed among tho younger part of the company. . Mrs. Elliot approached her, and taking her baud tenderly within both of hers — " Oh, hinny 1 liinny I" said she, " your sighs gae through my heart liko a knifo ! An' what can I do to comfort ye? Come, Elizabeth, my Donny lore, tec us nopo ior duo nest. 10 see before ye a eorrowin' mother — a mother that fondly hoped to see you an' — I canna say it — an' I am ill- qualified to gie comfort, when my own heart is liko a furnace ! But, oh '. let us try aud remembor the blessed portion, ' Whom tho Lord lovoth He chosteueth,' an' inwardly pray for strength to say, 'His will bo done I' " Time stoio on towards midnight, and ono by ono tile unsuccessful party returned. Ab foot after foot approached, every breath was held to liston. " No, no, no," cried the mother, again nnd again, with increasing anguish, " it's not the foot o' my ain bairn whilo her keen g&zo; still remained riveted upon tho door, and was not withdrawn, nor the hope of despair relinquished, till the individual eutored, and with a silent and ominous Bhnko of his bead, betokened his fruitless efforts. Tho clock had struck two! ve ; all woro returned savo tho father. Tho wind howled more wildly ; tho rain poured upon the windows in ceascieBs torrents ; and tho roaring of tho mountain rivers eavo a character of deeper ghostlincss to their sepul chral silence ; for thoy sat, each wrapped iu forobodings, listening to tho storm ; aud no Gounds wero heard, savo tho groans of tho mother, the weeping of her children, and tho bitter and brokon Bobs of the bereaved maiden, who leaned her head upon her father's bosom, refusing to bo comforted. At length tho harking of tho farm dog announced footsteps at a distance. Every car was raised to listen, every eye turned to the door ; but bofore the tread was yet audible to the listeners — " Oh ! it's only Tutor's foot 1" said tho miserablo mother, nnd, weeping, rose to meat him, "Janet, Janotl" ho oxclniniod as ho entered, and threw his nrm around her neck, " what's this come upon us at lost?" He cast an inquisitive glnnce around his dwelling, nnd a convulsive shiver passed over bis manly framo as his oyo again fell on tho vacant chair, whioli no ono had vonturod to occupy. Hour succeeded hour, but the com pany separated not ; and low, sorrowful whis pers mingled with tho lamentations of tho parents. "Neighbors," said Adam Boil, "tho morn Is a new day, nnd wo will wait to boo what it may bring forth ; but, in tho meantiino, let U3 read a portion o' tho Hi vino Word, on' kueel togother in prayer, that, whether or not tho day dawn cause light to sliiuo upon this singu lar bereavement, the Sun o' Righteousness may rise wi' healing on His wings, upon the hearts o' this nflllcted family, an' upon tho hearts 0' &11 pTCsont," "Amen !" responded Poter, wringing his buds ; and his friend, taking down the " Ha' Bible," read tho chaptor wherein it is written : — " It is better to bo in tho house of mourn ing than in tho honso of fcar.ting f and again tho portion which saith : — " It is well for mo that I have been ailiicted, for before I was afiiictod I went astray." Tho morning came, hut brought no tidings of the lost son. After a solemn farewell, all tho visitants, save Adam Bell and his daughter, returned every one to their own house ; and the disconsolato father, with his sorvants again renewed the search among tho hills nnd sur rounding villages. Hays, weeks, months, nnd years rolled on. Time had subdued tlio nnguish of the parents into a holy calm ; but their lost first born was not forgotten, although no traco of his fate had been discovered. Tile goneral belief was that he had perished on tho breaking up of the Bnow ; and the few iu whose remembrance ho Btill lived, merely spolce of his death ns a " very extraordinary circumstance," remarking that "I10 was a wild, venturesome sort o' lad." Christmas had succecdod Christmas, and Peter Elliot still kept itiucommomorationoftho birthday of him who was not. Eor the first few years after tho loss of their son, sadness and silence characterised the party who sat down to dinner at Marchiaw, and stilt at Peter's right hand was placed the vacant chair. But, as the younger branches of tho family advanced in yearn, the rcmcmbrnnco of their brother bo- camo less poignant. Christmas was, with all nrnlind tlinm a (lav of reioicincr. and tlicv bo. gan to make merry with their friends while their parents partook in thoir enjoyment, witli a smile, half of approval and half of Bor row. Twelve years had passed away ; Christmas had again como. It was the counterpart of its fatal predecessor. Tlio hills had not yet cast oil thoir summer verdure ; the sun, although Bhorn of its heat, had lost none of its brightness or glory, nnd looked down upon tho earth as thongh participating iu its gladness ; and the clear blue sky was tranquil as the sea sleeping benoath the moon. Many visitors had agnin assembled at Marchlaw. The sons of Mr. Elliot, and tlio young men of the party, were osscmbled upon a level green near the house, amusing themselves with throwing the hammer and otlior border games, while himself aud tho elder guests stood by as spectators, recounting tho deeds of thoir youth. Johnson tho sheep- fnrmAr. wbnm w« liavo nlreadv mentinnod. now a brawny nnd gigantic follow of two-and-thirty, boro away in every game tho palm from nil competitors. Moro than once, as Peter boheld his sons defeated, lie felt tho spirit of youth glowing in his veins, and, "Oil!" muttered ho, in bitterness, " had my Thomas been spared to mo, he would hao thrown his heart's bludo after the hainmor, before ho would line been heat by c'or a Johnson in tho country !" While he thus soliloquised, and with diffi culty restrained an impulse to compete with the victor himself, a dark, foreign-looking strong- built seaman, unceremoniously ap proached, aud, with his arms folded, cast a look of contempt upon tho boasting conqueror. Every cyo was turned with a scrutinising glance upon the stranger. . In height he could not ex ceed five feet nine, but his whole frame was the model of muscular strength ; his features open nnd manly, bnt deeply Buuburnt and weather-beaten ; his long glossy, blnok hair, curled into ringlets by the breeze and the billow, fell thickly over bis temples and fore head ; nnd whiskers of a similar line, more conspicuous for size than elegance, gave a character of fierceness to a countenance other wise possessing a striking impress of mnnly beauty. Without asking permission, he stopped forward, lifted tho lmmraer, and, swinging it round his head, hurled it upwards of five yardB beyond Johnson's most successful throw. "Wail done!" shouted tho astonished spectators. The heart of Peter Elliot warmed with him, and he was hurrying forward to grasp the stranger by the hand, when the words groanedln his throat, " It was just such a throw as my Thonfos would have made ! — my own lost Thomas 1" The tears burst into his eyes, and, without Bpcaking, ho turned back nnd hurried towards the house to conceal his emotion. Successively, at every game, the stranger had defeated all who ventured to opposo him, when a messenger nnnounocd that dinner waited their arrival. Some of tlio guests wore nlready seated, others entering ; and, as here tofore, placed beside Mrs. Elliot, was Elizabeth Bell, still in tho noontide of her beauty.; but sorrow had passed over iter features like a veil before tho. countenance of an angel. Johnson, crestfallen aud ont of humor at his defeat, seated himself by her side. In enrly life he had regarded Thomas Elliot ns a rival for her affections ; and stimulated by the knowledge that Adam Bell would be able to bostow several thousands upon his daughter for a dowry, ho yet prosecuted his attentions with unabated assiduity, iu spite of the daughter's aversion and the coldness of her father. Poter had taken his plnco at tho table, and still by his side, unoccupied and sacred, appeared tlio vacant chair, the chair of liis first born, whereon nono had sat since his mysterious death or disappearance. " Bairns," said lio, " did none o' ye ask the sailor to como up and.tak a hit o' dinner wi' us !" " Wo wero afraid it might lead to a qnarrol with Mr. Johnson," whispered one of tho sons, " He is como witliont asking," replied tho atrnngor, entering, " and tho wind shall blow from a new point if I destroy tho mirth or happiness of tho company." " Ye're a stranger, young man," said Poter, "or ye would ken this is no a meeting o' mirtli makers. Bnt I assure ye, yo are wel come, heartily welcome, Hasto, yo, lasses," ho added to tlio servants; "Bome o' yo get a chair for the gentleman." "Gentleman, indeed!" muttered Johnson, hctwoen ids tcoth, " Never mind about a ohair, my heartios," Baid tho soaman ; " this will do !" Aud bo fore Peter could speak to withhold him, I10 had thrown himself carelessly into the hal lowed, tho venerated, tho twelve years unoc cupied chair ! Tho spirit of sacrilege uttering blasphemies from a pnlpit could not havo smitten a congregation of pious worsliippors with docper horror and consternation than did this filling of tho vacant chair inhabitants of Marolilaw. " Excuso mo, sir ! oxcuso me, sir !" said Poter, tho words trembling upon his tonguo ; " but yo cannot — .yo cannot sit thoro !" "Oh man I man !" cried Mrs. Elliot, "got outo' that ! get out o' that !— take my chair ! tako ony ohair i' tlio house !— but dinna, diuna sit thoro I It lias novor boon sat in by mortal being since the death 0' my dear bairn ! — and to see it filled by another is a thing I canna endaro 1" " Sir I sir !' continued the -father, " yo have dono it through ignorance, and wcexcuso ye. But that was my Thomas's seat 1 Twelvo years this very day — hia birthday — lie perished, Heaven kens how 1 Ho went out from our sirht, like tho cloud that passes over the hills — never, never to return. And 0 sir, spare a father's feelings, for to eoo it filled wrings the blood from my heart 1" " Give me your hand, my worthy soul I" cx- oiaimed tho seaman ; " I rovero — nay, liaug it, I would dio for your feelings ! But Tom Elliot was my friend, and I cast anchor in this chair by special commission, I know that a sudden broadside of joy is a bad thing ; but as I don't know how to preach a sermon be foro telling you, all I have to say is — that Tom aint dead." " Not dead !" Baid Peter, grasping the liahd of tho Btrangor, and speaking witli an eager ness that almost choked Ids utterance. "0 sir ! sir ! tell mo liow !--how ! Bid yo say living ? — Is my ain Thomas living ?" " Not dead, do yo say V" oriod Airs. Elliot, hurryiug towards him and grasping his other linnd — " not dead i And ehall I see my bairn again ? Oh, nmy the blessing o' Heaven, and the blessing 0' a broken hearted mother he upon the hearer o' the graciouB tidingB 1 But tell me — tell me, how is it possible ? As ye would expect happiness here or hereafter, dinna, dinna deceive me !" " Becuive you 1" returned the stranger, grasp- ' ing, with impassioned earnestness, their hands in his — " Never, never, and nil I can say is — Tom Elliot is alive and hearty." " No, no !" said Elizabeth, rising from her seat, " ho does not deceive us ; there is that in his countenance which bespeaks a falsehood impossible." And she also endeavored to move towards him, when Johnson threw his arm around hor to withhold her. "Hands off, you land-lubber 1" exclaimed the seaman, springing towards them, "or shiver me t I'll show daylight througli your timbers iu the turning of a handspike." And, clasping tho lovely girl in hia arms, "Betty ! Betty, my lovo !" he cried, " don't you know your own Tom ? Esther, mothor, don't you know mo ? Havo you really forgot your own son ! If twolvo years have made some change on his face, his heart is as sound as ever," His father, his mother aud his brothers clung around him, weeping, smiling, and mingling a hundred questions together. He threw his arms around the neck of each, and in answer to their inquiries, replied — "Well, well ! there is timo enough to answer questions, but not to- day — not to-day !" " No, my bairn," said his mother, " we'll ask you no questions — nobody shall ask yon any ! Hot how — how wero you torn away from us, my lovo ? And, 0 hinny ! where — where line you been J" " It's a long story, mother," said he, " and would take a week to tell it. But, howsoever, to make a long story short, you remember whon the smugglers wero pursued, aud wisiied to conceal their brandy iu our house, my father prevented them ; thoy left muttering revenge — and they have iieeu revenged. TliiB day twelve years, I wont ont with the intention of meeting Elizabeth and her fnther, when I eamo upon a party of the gang concealed in Holl's Hole. In a moment half-a-dozen pistols wero held to my breast, and, tying my hands to my sides, they dragged me into the cavern. Here I had not been long their prisoner, when the snow, rolling down the mountains, almost totally blocked up its mouth. On tho second night thoy out through tho snow, and, flurrying mo along with them, I was bound to a horso between two, and, before daylight, found myself Btowed, like a pieco of old junk, in tho hold of a smuggling lugger. Within a week I was shipped on board a Hutch man of war, nnd for six years was kept dodging about 011 different stations, till our old yawning lialk received orders to join tlio fleet, which was to fight against the gallant Hnncan at G'amperdown. To think of fighting against my own oountry- men— uiy own iteau uuu muuu — was wotdu than to bo cut' to pieces by a cat-o'-nine tails ; and, under cover of the smoke of tho first broadside, I sprang upon the gunwale, plunged into tho sea, and swam for the Eng lish fleet. Nevor, never shall I forget the moment that my feot first trod upon the deck of a British frigate ! My nerves felt ns firm ns her oak, and my heart freo as the pennant that waved defiance from her masthead ! I was as activo as anyone during the battlo ; nnd when it was over, and I found myself again among my own countrymen, and all speaking my old language, I fancied — nay hang it ! I almost believed — I should meet my father, my mother, or my dear Bess, on board of tho British frigate, I expected to see yon all again in a few weeks at the farthest ; but, instead of returning to old England, beforo I wa3 awaro, I found it was holm about with us. As to writing, I never had an opportunity hut once. We wero anchored beforo a French port ; a packot was lying alongside ready to sail ; I had half a side written, and was scratching my head to think liow I should como over writing about you, Bess, my love, when, as had luck should havo it, our lieu tenant comes to me, and Havs I10, ' Elliot,' says I10, ' I know you liko a little smart service ; como, my lad, tako tho head oar, while we uuum BUUIV Ul UICBD I'lCULU UUJ.l UUUbS UUUVI the batteries.' I couldn't say no. Wo pulled ashore, made a bonfire of ono of their oraft, and wero sotting fire to a second, whin a deadly shower of small shot from tho garrison scuttled our boat, killed our commanding officer, with half of the crew, and afewoi as wore rnndo prisoners. It is of no uso bothering you you by tolling liow wo escaped from tlio French prison. Wo did csoapo, and Tom onco moro fills Ms vacant eliair." 