THE VICTORIAN RACING CLUB WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. . . : Of all events which stir, the breast of. sportsmen throughout - the Australian .colonies, it' wonld be .idle to' /assert that any surpasses the great Spring Handieap known as the; Melbourne Cap; but at that" Season the weathey is apt to be hot, and the.going." a little bit tco sounc) for jumping events. But every Anglo- Saxon and Celt dearly loves; to hear what. , oar greatest Australian pbet termed u The rending of blackthorns and rattle of rails," ' arid this is equally loved by the Austra lian sons and daughters. If Fat wishes to praise a horse, his highest commenda tion is " Sure he throws an elegant lap." The Englishman's laudation is "He's ab a cat," whilst the Australian votes the .horse who can race over fonr-.foot-six of gum, box, or etringy-bark, the acme of equine excellence. Knowing this deep- seated popular love of a jumper, the Victorian Racing Club have most wisely set a day apart when the weather is cool, the going a .bit holding, and the, turf vividly green in its emerald freshness, for a day's cross-country racing. And as at thiB saason hunting is fairly under way, alt oar best amateur and professional horsemen are congregated near t'io — — . . ... . , I " Metropolis, and Hrirale Racing 'and Steeplechasirig can be seen at its very; best. Very, beautiful is Flemington in/' these bright winter days of July,' the turf is velvet pile both in lawn ancT straight, and although the English trees1 have lost their leaves, evergreens indi-. genous and exotic, display their glossy foliage on every side. Chrysanthemums, jonquils, narcissus,' arid geraniums blossom in the flower-beds with . which Me Byren, Moore .has . decorated the, lawn, whilst the' fountain flings- its -diamond spray into .the- sunlight, sparkling pris- maticHlly. What thpugh mornings are# bit frosty, the sun shirips. opl'„. cheerily and lights up the silk, and satin ji the horsemen as Jkey canter past .the stand on the weight- carrying "thoroughbreds which have made Victorian - steeplechas- ing a synonym for plack and daring.: As an Inglis or a Glasscock iq noted, beside . a Corrigan,- Scobi, or Sing, both amateuc /and professional come in for a: share' of - -/ admiration and fair and friendly criticism, ' The meeting which ; wilt b© held i on Saturday, -the 19th inst., promises to eclipse any of;it3 predecessors, not only in the. matter of arrangement- of pro gramme, but also in the value of its prizes, the number of horses engaged in each of its events, arid in tbe 'character and quality of the 'animals therein com peting. Very wisely at this season the Victorian Racing Oluh offers special prizes for maiden borses,: botb-as hurdle- racers and steeplechasers: That .each year increases the rbpulartly;of .these races the entries showi Thus, in the programme now about to eventuate, / ' The Maiden Hurdle Race boasts no less than 26 entries. A Star is very ap propriately the first to shine ; a Lady Teazel gives hint of an (" Argus") Scan dal ; whilst au Insolvent is appropriately .close to a Borderman. A TAtiler may tell a merry tale to a Gippslarid Squire ; Goningsby may take a Premier position J while Paganini should play a merry tune, and any Hazard may be provided for by ;a Sinking Fund. Still, it is hard to pick a Sheet Anchor or avoid innocent Rail lery whan an Omadhaun is about, anS even the Cockboat may not carry ug safely through. Verily, it is a most aristocratic field, as, besides .those named, Le Beau, a crack 2 yrs. old, Kit Nubbles, a half brother to the mighty Swiveller, The Ghost, whose Bre.elet honors are yet thick. upon him, are all in the list. The Maiden Steeplechase has also filled wonderfully, as it has also bad 26 entered. Hope, Pride, Sulphur audi Holyrood are very opposite ingredients, but among the others, Notorious 'is 3 son o.f the mighty Sussex. Banyeoong, Kulkine, Yanco, The Baron, Bard of Erin, Kingston, Deceiver arid . Adsamt have big private reputations. : The Grand National Hurdle Race then follows, and in this no less than 35 o£ the highest class have beau engaged. When such names as those of M Jua, .Riiigwood Don Qokolej-Jlbe Joker, The Agent, Mambdrorigh; BaBifisk'ancI Ontario are mentioned, thA'cfyT?of a well-known steeplechase jpcft'of, '" What sort, Boss ?" is hardly fo'tffl wondered at, whilst the names of Yarree, Ontario, Sheet .Anchor arid other winners shot? that those instanced by' ho means ex haust the list of celebrities' and past winners The Grand National' Steeplechase fol lows. 29 entries attest that despite the drain India makes upon us for this class! of horse, and though Panic has joined? the great majority, a big list of goo2 ones is still to the fore. Of past winners over big timber in the list there ara many, notably Blackthorn, Governor, Chester, Great Western, Chippenham, Tandstickor, L zette; General Jackson, All Serene, Friendless, Union,. Stampede and Bryan O'Lyqn, while" the hurdle race division furnish such candidates aff Sundowner, Pride and Hope/ Verily, a contest.of giants may b'er anticipated. The . Selling Hurdla Race has B0 en tered, almost every one of which has ah some time gained winning brackets, and here, -with their owners own handicap ping, the /pace should - be of ' the 'm'erriesfl kind. - ... West .'Coast, Irralee,,Ned ' Kelly, .Yarree, Merrie and Prospa.et being a faifi sampla of the nags engaged. ' This raea in .. itaelf -Bhonld be worthy the longest journey, for which excursion fares ara granted.; Sport will wind up with The .Handicap' Flat Race', of a mile, 7«t. iathe lightest burden allowed, and herein are engaged all the speediest; horses on - the Victorian turf-r-Malus, ... Ironmaster, Ringwood, Hurricane, St/ Lawrence, Black Diamond, Boolka, Dost Quixote, . and. Bonny Bee- sound lika merry music ; and when' the nnmbe'ra go up, very fast time, despite the' lieighh of the .minimum carried, will he chron icled below them. From every part o£ Victoria, the hop- grounds of GippBland/ the potato-fields of Warrnambool, ths hills of Coleraine, the mountains of ths Mitta Mitta, aDd the spreading, plains ol- the Riehardson, the .Wimmera/'and thft West, lovers of the sport ' will assemble/. as well as from the other '-colonies, ao4 such; a cross-country carnival "twill 09 held as has never yet. been .'seen even ' at famous FlemiDgtoo.. 3 ' 