liBili'" " ,.'..:f,'i'... .. NOTES','... EvTUJ . wüte muslin dresses are made . with ] waistcoats which are detachable. : ; Among the' French linens are changeable ones almost as pretty as the shot silks. Silkpettiooats, with embroidered flounces, ' are wom by the most fastidious women. ' ! Some ¿f the newest embroideries show | raised figures in imitation of Pompadour lace. ¡ Coloured eurah and silk waistcoats are fre- 1 buently worn with white mull or nainsook j i The colours selected for spring are lighter In tone than thOBe of last season, with fewer bf the reds. j Puffs or waistlets of ribbon, velvet and lace, i With jet buckles and ornaments, are coming tn vouge. ? ' . 6 I I 'White veiling robes crme in machine em- I proidered or broche forUjalf the dress, - the other half being of blain tyuff. 1 -Gold/ silver, and 'silk ganzes, with raised and- shaded velvet figures, arc the most superb fabrics ever yet produced. I Grape veils are coming into fashion, and ^re 'Soft-looking and becoming to the com- plexion in «ream and pinkish white shades. I Even! white dresses are made of two kinds of material, Ode plain, the other embroidered ! ]-broche, dotted, sprigged, barred, or striped.. . bratty-tdoth nat i>r -bonnet is now invari- ably sent home, with .the /'tailor-made" joostume as a part of the dress. This is a | close, following of a fashion set by Persian [tailors. j On. imported tailor-made costumes are seen cuffs ana collars of stamped leather. It is »oft,,and finished in ecru and Russian leather jcolenrs, and sometimes neatly stitched as well ¡as stamped. I 'Button gloves are preferred for the street, ; jbut (the niouskuetaires are still best liked for, levett wear. Tan shades are worn exclusively I where thè gloves do not correspond in colour jwith the dress. * The London Queen Bays that no lady's maid worth having would ever wear a cap or apron. ' [.iJt ia said Hint, among the ..wives of Utah! (there hiay bc found women from nearly every jnation'exccpt France. * ; Ellen Terry is reported to have said that abe found the handsomest girls in Kew York and the loveliest Baltimore. ; "No,"indeed,"said'Mrs. Parvenu-"no;'I: idon't think she's a fine looking woman.at. all. She may have nice eyes, but mercy me, she's ?got no physic.'.' ., Viscountess Haberton is incensed because rthe International Health Association -would not permit thc exhibition of reformed styles of underclothing. Dotted veils are not nearly as popular as those nude of plain Brussels net. The net is so very fine that it can hardly be seen. It comes in brown, black, red, and dark blue and green. Scarf pins acenow worn by women as well by men. AptSSWvblack pearl, a satin Walking ington,.'.and..every . ladies of high degree who -i variably when taking the air may now be ' seen making long tramps up and down the avenues. . . A .gallant policeman offered to escort a young lady across Broadway, but he became somewhat embarrased when she lifted up her pet dog and said : " Oh I thank you : il you will carry dear little Fido across lean go over alone. A recent Boston widower, establishing communication with his deceased wife, by means of a medium, asked her if she Was happy.. "Well, dear," thc fair ghost is. reported to have replied, " it is very charm- ing and lovely abd all that here, but, of course, you know, it isn't Boston." Wagner makes great use in his dramas of ¡the self-sacrificing love of woman. " A ¡woman," he has said, "who does not love with-the pride of absolute self- devotion, in reality does not. love nt all. But a woman who does not love at all is the moBt unworthy and most repulsive object in the world." A beautiful opera wrap sent over by Worth i for a prospective bride is made of white-and fold "orocade, and lined with pale gold satin, ne lining on each front is hand painted with Scottish blue bells and lilies of the valley. The trimming, which is very wide and full, consists of ruffles of rich white lace, inter- mixed with pendants of pearl and white j chenille. J - ' . DELICATE DESSEET.-A delicate dish for des- sert is made of one pint of Bweet cream, with one pound of gelatine dissolved and mixed with it. Stir in any fruit you choose, but do not put the juice in. Save that for pudding sauces or to flavour jelly with. Sweeten to your taste ; add a glass of sweet wine. Pour it into a mould and let it become cold and hard before serving. When this is served at the table, pass powdered sugar in a glass sifter, BO that each one may duBt a little over it. IN reference to the mon impersonator in Beechworth, a gentleman who formerly re- sided in Bright' has Supplied the following particulars tothe^c-iimgr Newe:-"Edward -. Moate, or "old Ned," as she was always called,. .had been' under the suspicion for < many years of being a woman. Her very appearance was greatly in favour of that supposition. She was about 5 ft, 3 in. high, without a vestage of hair on her face, always kept her hair (which was ofadcep brown) veryr, closely cropped. Her face was of pure Milesian type, with a broad, heavy chin. Her voice.was purely feminine in toue. She was rather heavily' build, .but had. remarkably, small hands. . She came to Bright with Dr. Warren, from Omeo, aboutïour or five years ago, and remained in. his service until death separated them. The doctor was parted from his wife, and it is alleged in Omeo that the intimacy between thc doctor and his servant was the cause of the separation ; the doctor, when - " in his cups," having stated his pre- ference for "old ried." Some months ago Dr. AVarren was heard to say that, to his utter astonishment, he had just found out that." Ned " was a woman. The neighbours had believed this for years, and- it was a com- mon topic of conversation over the whole of the Alpine district, from Myrtleford to Omeo, and the boys there always tcazed and twitted " Ned " with teing a woman. Thus no sur- prise is felt at tue discovery. It may be mentioned that Dr. Warren lived a very soUtary life. 