THE CAPTAIN'S COXSWAIN Haze and darkness hung about the river-mouth, while a lurid patch of light, where the sun was invisibly set- ting, brought into sudden prominence the 'little low-lying spit of land with the tali masts of the ships or war ; the old hulks sullen and motionless ; the cluster of houses, with the gaunt-looking forts, and the cloud of white steam from the funnels of the great armour-clad Terrible, as she lay slowly forging ahead against the incoming tide. Every pulse in the huge leviathan had begun to throb, the men were at their stations, the engines slowly moving ; but still it seemed as If the great ship were hesitating to plunge into the cold sea mist and the rising surges that were before her. A group, composed of women chiefly, with an old boatman or two among them, were gathered at the pier-head, and watched every movement on board the dip with interest, recognising every now and then some familiar form among the group of seamen gathered on the fore- castle. There's Jack — bless him ! Tommy, shake your hand at daddy. He sees us — bless his heart !' And Tommy was almost dropped into the water, in his mother's anxiety that he should be well in evi- dence before the crew of the Terrible. Why the ship thus dallied over the part- ing. so painful to many both on board and ashore, was quite evident to the on- lookers. The captain's gig still lay by the stairs, bobbing, rolling, and ducking in the unquiet waters, while the smart man-o'-war's men who manned her, lounged easily on their seats. They, as it happened, all hailed from distant parts, and had no friends or relations on shore with whom to exchange last words. All but the coxswain, that is ,a dark, hand- some young fellow, who was standing under the lee of the round-house on the pier, a little apart from the rest. Tom Brettle, the coxswain of the captain's gig, was as nearly unmanned as such a fine manly fellow could be. He was holding his wife's two hands in a firm and fervid grasp, as in tones which he tried hard, but not very successfully, to make firm and coherent, he poured into her ears his last parting words. The pair had not been long married, and Tom thought it the hardest thing in the world that he should have to leave his little wife, on whom he looked with an almost reverent affection. Her cleverness, her pretty ways, her organising power, were to him a matter of perpetual wonder and admiration. And now they would not meet again perhaps for years, and who could say what might not happen in the interval. As for the wife — who was young and rather good-looking, with features of a sharp vivacions cast — al- though there were tears in her eyes, and her face was white and wan, yet she retained more composure than her hus- band. 'Now you most write to me every week, Tom,' she said, ' and the time won't seem so long after all, perhaps.' ' It feels like for ever, Penny,' groaned Tom. ' My girl, I can't bear it I shall desert at the first port we touch at, and come back to thee.' ' Don't talk nonsense, Tom !' rejoined hie wife ; ' yon don't mean it' In another moment Tom had given his wife a hurried, passionate embrace, and had leaped into his place in the captain's gig. The captain himself was to be seen hurrying towards the pier-head, and presently he took his seat and the boat rapidly cut through the rough water till the reached the ship, when in a few moments she seemed to become absorbed in the great mass, swinging quietly on her davits, out of the way. Penelope could make out her husband's figure for a moment as he appeared in the rigging. Then a few wafts of white smoke rolled from the dark sides of the ship, and before the echo of the roar of the great guns had died away in the distance, the Terrible was steaming away on her voy- age, and was presently lost to sight in the gathering mists. Penelope turned away with a shiver and a sigh, and as the group of spectators melted away, she followed in the wake of them towards the town. Just then the dockyard-bell began to ring, and the dull, quiet street, with its long dead walls, its guard-houses and grog-shops, was all of a sudden occupied by a dark and sombre-looking mass of workmen, who tramped along in a dense unbroken column, that seemed to have no end. There was no escape from this army on the march, for the way, lying over military bridges and between jealously guarded bastions, was single and un- divisible, else Penelope, with swollen eyes and white, sad face, would gladly have escaped observation. Presently she was overtaken by a middle-aged workman, who unceremoniously nudged her elbow. 'Hallo! what he's gone then? Well you see what comes of marrying a Sailor.' ' Oh, it's you, Mr. Ames, is it, rejoined Penelope, who had turned round sharply at the brusque address, But this was Tom's brother-in-law, the husband of his sister Mary, with whom the young couple had taken up their quarters. And William Ames was an oasy-going, good-tempered man, whom Penelope rather liked, although, secretly, she despised him a little for giving way to his wife in everything. Now, between Mrs. Ames and Penelope. there was very little love lost In former days, when Tom was a bachelor, in his sailor-like, free-hearted way he had been very generous to his sister and her household. Coming home foreign service with three or four years pay to draw, and finding his sister Mary a good deal behind and and over burdened with a iot of young children, Tom had come to the rescue with his spare cash. The youngsters had all been re-clothed in the smartest sailor suits, whose melancholy remains still clung about the youngest of the family, and the little shop, whose profits were supposed to eke out the wages of the dockyardsman, was put on a more satis- factory footing. Tom had no thought of marrying, at this time ; 'a sailor's wife should be his ship, he used to say ; besides, as a proud and rather sensitive young fellow, he was not attracted by the young women who are to be found among the resorts of seamen. And their, one day, having taken a letter from his captain to the port-admiral, he had seen Penelope, who was the orphan daughter of an old quartermaster who had long served with Admiral Blake. Now, Penelope had been brought up in the Admiral's family, a friend and companion rather than a mere servant, and Tom really thought that she was one of the ladies of the house when he handed her his dispatch. But Penelope placed herself on a proper footing with him so prettily and gracefully, and was so kind and pleasant; that Tom fell over head and ears in love at this first inter- view ; while so handsome and genteel was Tom in his smart dress, and with his dark expressive eyes, that Penelope could think "of nothing else but his good looks till she saw him again. Very soon Penelope demurely apprised the Admiral that she was going to be married ; upon which her master flew into & great rage. Of all ungratefal and thankless hussies he declared Penelope to be the worst. She had grown essential to his comfort, had come to know all his ways, and now, after all the trouble of bringing her up, she would abandon the family to marry a seaman. Lady Blake and the girls were more reasonable, but they were sadly grieved to lose a girl who could make and alter dresses so nicely, and was always useful without being presuming. The Admiral did not relent ; he could be generous enongh to those immediately about him ; but when it came to desert- ing the ship, as he termed it, he had no forgiveness for the culprit. In his position he might have helped the young couple by pushing Tom along the thorny road of promotion, or have got him some appointment that would have kept him ashore. But no ; he took no more notice of Penelope, and meeting her one day, soon after her marriage, he looked sternly over her head and passed on. But in spite of all this Penelope had been happy enough, for it was so much to feel that she had somebody to care for her, somebody whose life was wrapped up in hers, for Tom was almost foolish in his adoration of his little wife. And they had a pleasant room all to them- selves at Mrs. Ames's house — an upper room, from which they had a glimpse of the harbour and dockyards, and the broad river with its busy traffic. Tom had told her, in the last days they were together, that he should picture her to himself sitting in that little room, and watching for the ships as they rounded the head land, and that one day she would see the Terrible poking her black nose round the corner, -and would hurry off to the wharf to welcome him home. But in this matter Tom had reckoned without his sister, for as Penelope and Mr. Ames reached the little house in Trueblue Street — they were all little houses at Chatness, many of them wooden and weatherboarded, but too insignificant to be picturesque ; well, bebold over the door was a big card, ' Lodgings to let with fall view of the sea.' ' Hallo !' cried Mr. Ames, Mary's been sharp!' And, indeed; on reaching her old room Penelope found all her things cleared away, and the room in that state of rigid discomfort that, showed it was prepared for visitors. And on the stairs was Sister Mary herself, ready to do battle for it could never be said that she shrank from the combat: There was her least defect. But Penelope did not feel equal to the occasion, but terribly sad and lonely, and only anxious to hide her- self somewhere to give way to her grief ' Yes, Mrs. Brettle,' began: the other, I've had your things put in the top room seeing as I can't afford to stand out of my letting any longer: for the best room.' Now, Tom's notion had been that, in consideration of the money his sister had received from him at various times, amounting to fifty pounds or so, she would: keep that room for his wife till other arrangements could be made. And when Tom had suggested this to his sister, she had appeared to acquiesce. And now the moment that Tom was out of the way; this was how she treated her guest. For the upstairs room was a miserable garret under the tiles, reached by a step- ladder. However, Penelope gallantly climbed her ladder and hid herself in the little cock-loft, and did not appear, any more to-human eyes that day. But next mornlng Penelope, was able to face the situation. She had felt from the first that her position with the Ames family was quite untenable. It had cheered Tom's last moments on shore to be per- suaded that his wife's immediate future was provided for. But with poor, struggling people like the Ames family, it was hardly likely that, they, woul care to keep an unprofitable lodger, even to cancel a long- forgotten debt. And if Tom's fifty pounds had ever been put into the business, it certainly was not there now. Indeed, the business seemed to Penelope to be little more than the ghost of one. When there was a customer in the shop, Mrs. Ames would be chasing her children. When these last were unable to go to school by reason of their ragged garments, ' How can I mend their things when there is that shop always to be attended to ?' Mrs. Ames would demand in an aggrieved manner. And yet to set up for herself on the small monthly pittance that came from her husband's pay, Penelope felt would be a dangerous experiment. What kind of people would she be thrown amongst in her poverty among the cheap lodging- houses of a seaport town ? Her innate delicacy of mind recoiled from such contact, and yet what better prospect, was there before her? But, anyhow, the cockloft with the accompaniment of Sister Mary's constant reproaches woul soon be unendurable. And then what could Penelope do ? The day was fine, and to avoid Mrs. Ames's tongue and the deafening noise and quarrels of the children, Penelope made her way to the beach — there is a seashore at Chatness, a narrow strip be- tween a fort and a sea-wall, where shells are sometimes picked up, that may possibly have been washed ashore from the ocean, or may be simply the shells of periwinkles cast overboard by steamboat excursionists. Anyhow, there is the beach, with its half-dozen bathing-ma- chines, its row of benches, and its wooden shanty called the bazaar, which does a fitful trade in buckets and spades for small people. But beyond the little strip of beach, there is a long range of sandy unes covered with wiry vegetation; and here the Naval Brigade had set up targets, and the sailors from the ships in port were marched down to practice with carbine or rifle. The sound of firing in that direction attracted Penelope's attention, and she wandered on, hoping to see some of the blue-jackets; with whom she felt as among her own clan. She came upon the firing-party rather suddenly, the men lying down concealed by some low hillocks, and waiting for some adjustment of the targets ; while the naval lieutenant in charge reclined indolently against some sand-bags screened off in a little nook where the targets were visible, but not the men below — while he smoked a cigarette and read a novel. But next moment cigarette and novel were thrown aside. ' My dear old Penny !' cried the young officer, and in the enthusiasm of the moment he put his arm round the young woman's waist and kissed her. Yon should not do that, Mr. Paul,' said Penelope with a glance of dignified reproach. ' Yon are getting beyond such childish things now, you know.' But Paul Blake, the Admiral's son, be it known, and an old playfellow of Pene- lope's, did not take much notice of her new and dignified manner. My dear Penny,' be cried, ' the sight of you makes me young again. Come, let me be a child once more.' Ah, Mr. Paul,' rejoined Penelope, taming away from " him, ' if you knew what trouble I am in, you would not be so unfeeling.' Lieutenant Blake, seeing that his old friend was really in trouble, was serious in a moment. What had happened? Her husband gone away on active service? Oh, how he envied him! Here he was losing his time at home because his mother was too nervons to be left alone, for the Admiral had gone away that very day. He had obtained a command in the Mediterranean; but his wife had only permitted him to accept it on con- dition that Paul should be left her. 'But, oh,' cried Paul, 'if you would go back to her, Penny, I am sure she would not mind being left.' Oh, I couldn't, said Penelope proudly, 'after what the, master said, and his never taking the least notice of me ; and then I am sure he would be dreadfully angry.' He never need know!' cried Paul. ' Oh, come back to-night with me, Pene- lope dear, and you'll fill poor mother's heart with joy. You know how ill she has been, delirious at times, and then she would call out for you; and she was very good to you, Penny.' 'Yes that was true ; Lady Blake had been very, good to her, Penelope acknow- ledged, and was more than three-parts persuaded to go back. Indeed, before the targets were arranged, and the sea- men had began to fire, she had promised to meet young Blake at the station, and go back with him to her old place. Only she must keep it from Tom, because he would be dreadfully hurt at the thought of his wife going into service again.. ' Well, I am going to leave you, Mary,' and Penelope when she got back to Mrs. Ames's house. 'I can see you don't want me, and so I've made up my mind to earn my own living.' Mrs. Ames was a good deal put out at this intimation. Her brother would indeed be angry if he heard that his wife had been driven away from her home. ' Well,' she rejoined tentatively, 'you'll have fine tales to tell Tom about me, I suppose ?' Not unless you want me to, Mary,' replied Penelope, who here saw a capital chance of arranging matters as she wished. ' I don't want to bother Tom with our falling out. Why should he know any thing about it!' ' Ah, why !' said Mrs. Ames, who here saw a course open to her that could not possibly harm her, and might prove to her advantage. ' I'm not such a scribe that I should be writing off to tell him this and the other.' An thus it was agreed between the two women that nothing at all shoul be written to Tom on the subject. But Mrs. Ames was very curious as to Pene- lope's future plans, about which Penelope gave her very tittle enlightenment. But that same afternoon Penelope drove off with all her belongings, and Mrs, Ames dispatched her eldest boy with instructions to keep his eye on Aunt Penelope till the train went off but with- out letting her see him. 'And, mother,' reported the boy on his return, ' she was met by a young swell — an officer he looked like. And he was awfully kind to her ; and he put her into the train, and went off by it him- self, only he went first, and she went third.' "I expect that was a blind,' said Mrs. Ames, repeating the story to her husband, that night. But she was very well con- tent to be relieved of her unprofitable inmate. The Terrible had a boisterous run across the Bay of Biscay, cutting through the cold Atlantic billows, and then after, basking in the sunshine for a day or two at Gibraltar, she ran on to Malta, where orders awaited her to join the squadron in Egyptian waters. At Malta Tom found a letter from his wife, not saying much about herself, except that she was well and happy, but with some loving words that sent Tom about his duties with a light heart. But after that he did not get a letter for nearly a month; while the Terrible was still lying at Alexandria, and something low-spirited in the tone of the letter made Tom vaguely uneasy. All the voyage out Tom had mooned a good deal and indulged In more senti- ment than you might have expected. In his watches at night, as the moon shone splendidly over the placid Mediterranean, Tom had fancied he could see his little' wife sitting at her window and watching the same moonbeams silvering the wide roadstead of Chatness, and thinking of him who was away over the wide sea. And now that there was a certain amount of liberty ashore, Tom hardly cared to take advantage of it. Messmates who had remembered Tom in other days, the laughing, reckless, impetuous seaman, declared that he was bewitched. And so he was — under the spell of a woman, and quite helpless in the matter. But the passion which had hitherto been a source of pure, unmixed delight, now began to torment him. How could he expect that this girl, young, pretty, and so much superior to him, and who had known him but a short time after all — how could he expect her to go on re- membering him always, and keeping faithful to the memory?. He had not the art to express all he felt in writing, but he Bent his wife a homely, touching letter, begging her not to forget him, or to let her thoughts of him grow cold for want of some visible token of his love. And Penelope's next letter was written in a more cheerful strain. He was not to think any nonsense about her for- getting him. But as it cost money for postage, he was not to grumble if letters were few and far between. Tom tried to believe that everything was as it should be ; and then he had not much time for evil forebodings. All of a sudden there had been an access of activity both afloat and ashore ; signals ere constantly exchanged between the alf-dozen men-of-war ; boats went to and fro ; stores were landed and em- barked ; and of all this work Tom had his full share, and perhaps more. Once or twice he had seen Admiral Blake, who was now on the station, but he i not suppose that the Admiral noticed him ; if he did, he made no sign. But after the Terrible had been lying at Alexandria for some months, with only an occasional short cruise to relieve the monotony of existence, one of her lieutenants was invalided home, and the vacancy on her books was filled up by the appointment of Lieutenant Paul Blake. Tom did not attach much importance to the event. At one time, indeed, during the period of his courtship of Penelope, Tom had been madly jealous of Paul, on account of his easy, affectionate manner to Tom's sweetheart. But all that had passed over; neither Penelope nor he were likely to have anything to do with the Blake's again, and Tom rather avoided the young officer, although the latter took every opportunity of showing a friendly disposition. Then Tom's watch was changed, and he fell into Lieutenant Blake's, and the very first night they were on duty together, Blake sent for Tom to speak to him on the quarter-deck. Tom followed the messenger rather reluctantly. He thought that Mr. Blake intended to make some enquiries after Penelope, and Tom had received no letter for six weeks now, and was becoming horribly uneasy. But he did not intend to let Mr. Blake see anything of this. . He would reply, to any enquiries, that Penelope was all right, and that he had heard from her by the last mail. As it happened, however, Lieutenant Blake did notask any questions. He seemed rather embarrassed, stammered and coloured, for, with the best inten- tions, Lieutenant Blake was puzzled what to say. 'He was forbidden to say that Penelope was with his mother and yet he wanted to encourage Tom, whose preoccupied looks he had taken notice. of more than once. Oh; Brettle,' said Blake at last, after an awkward pause, during which Tom stood silent and respectful in manner before his officer. , ' Ah, I saw your wife not long before I left home. She was looking very well — prettier than ever, I think — and she sent her love, to yon.' . Tom received the information gloomily enough. How should his wife have come to have aught to say to one of the Blakes? he wondered. But he was not in a position- to cross-examine his officer about the matter. ' Is there anything else; sir ?'" he. asked coldly enough ; and Blake, who was a generous young fellow, and knew that, as far as he and the majority of sailors were concerned, gloom of count- enance generally proceeded from empty pockets, thought he would cheer Tom up a little. in reply to Tom's, question, drawing his purse from his .pocket ; ' she has sent you a little money, just a trifle— a couple of sovereigns.' Tom's face suddenly lighted up with a glare of rage, but be repressed his emo- tion with a strong effort. ' My wife has sent me money!' he repeated slowly, in a constrained voice ; 'a trifle of a couple of sovereigns ! Sovereigns are not a trifle to sailors and their honest wives. ' Why, sir, she keeps me without news' of her for weeks, to save a few pence. There must be some mistake.' Lieutenant Blake saw that he had made a mistake, but did not mend matters in his efforts to explain that the money was a present Penelope had re- ceived, that she wished to share with her husband. Tom firmly refused to touch the money, put his hands behind him when the lieutenant tried to force it upon him, so that the sovereigns fell, and rolled about the deck. Lieutenant Blake stamped with indig- nation, as he called one of the ship's-, boys to pick up the money; and he dismissed Tom with a haughty wave of the hand. And yet, with all his jealous fears, Tom had in his heart, no real suspicion of his wife. It was strange she had never mentioned meeting Lieutenant Blake. If he could only have had a reassuring, explanatory letter! But none came ; not a scrap of paper or a line to tell him of Penelope's welfare. Tom was almost out of his mind with fear and suspense, and even thought of deserting and concealing himself on board some steamer bound for England, that he might satisfy - himself as to what had happened to Penelope. But at this juncture the Terrible was ordered into the Red Sea, after embark- ing a strong force of marines. It was ex- pected there would be fighting, and the whole ship was in a buzz of pleased excitement. Tom felt he could not run away then. When the Terrible had disembarked her marines at Suskim, a certain number of seamen were called for to do duty on shore, and Tom eagerly volunteered to be of the number But his captain would not let him go. Lieu- tenant Blake went in charge of the party ; and presently news came to the ship of a big fight in the desert, in which the Arab hordes had been almost destroyed. Tom was sadly disappointed to think that the fighting was all over now, and that probably the Terrible would go back to her dull, monotonous duty at Alexandria without a chance of seeing more service. But things turned out differently as it happened. For one day the captain sent for Tom, and told him that he, the captain, had been placed in command of a naval brigade to co- operate with the troops on shore ; and that he wanted to take some of the best men. Tom would go, of coarse. And it was at his captain's right hand that Tom marched across the hills towards Osman Digna'a Gamp. And when the troops halted for the night, Tom shared the captain's frugal meal of biscuits and preserved meat as they lay sheltered on the ground, while the rattle of distant musketry sounded in their ears. As for what might happen on the morrow, Tom felt utterly: reckless and careless. It wonld be a mercy, he thought, if he were knocked on the head,, and an end put to all the doubts and troubles that beset him. Blake lay near him, stretched on the same hard couch of Mother Earth; but the two did not exchange a word. 'A sullen brute,' was Blake's thought of Tom ; while Tom, on bis part, was full of dark suspicions of the lieutenant. The night wore on without any strik- ing incident, and then at the first blush of dawn the troops were under arms. There was a strange, overpowering excitement about the march, with horse- men galloping about, and everybody on the look-out for the enemy. As generally happens in such cases, they came at a moment when they were not quite expected; There was a shout from those in front, and then the open ground was covered with a mass of dark forms rushing upon them. It was difficult to tell-what happened just then, but' in the'end Tom found himself in a crush and press of men, something like the crowd that is trying to get into the pit of a theatre — only in this case the crowd were digging into each other with spears, bayonets, butt-ends of rifles, cutlasses, or anything that came to hand in the moment. The sailors, however, were' forced back by sheer pressure' of numbers. - Tom lost sight of his captain, who had been hitting out right and left at the savages with the instinct of a practised bruiser; and then he found himself lying on the ground, but un- hurt, while in front of him were scat- tered groups, straggling and falling. On the ground, near one of the Gatling guns which the sailors had been driven from, lay a naval officer, apparently wounded and insensible, while a couple: of Arabs, with their murderous spears, were mak- ing in his direction with the evident intention of. putting an end to him. Tom sprang to his feet and rushed at the Arabs, dealing one of them a blow with his carbine that brought him to the ground. Next moment, Tom saw his captain by his side, who dealt the other savage a tremendous left-hander that stretched him senseless beside his com- panion. And then Tom saw that the wounded officer was Lieutenant Blake. 'Catch hold of the other end of him,' cried the captain, 'and we'll run him into the square.' . And Tom grasped the lieutenant by the upper part of his uniform, when a letter. tumbled out of his pocket. In all time turmoil and confusion of the time, the sight of that letter seemed to burn itself into Tom's brain, for there was Penelope'e handwriting plainly to be read on the address, ' Lieutenant Paul Blake, R.N.' — that handwriting for a sight of which he had been hungering for so long. 'Look out, Tom !' cried the captain, seeing a rash of savages come in their direction. Tom let go the Lieutenant's head and turned upon the foe. 'Come on, you beggars.!' he cried, willing to die rather than live under such torture. And next moment he was rolling on the ground transfixed by a spear. Tom was not killed, after all, but had a narrow shave for it. But although he did not die, neither did he get well. Fever came on, and the wound refused to heal. Tom had not strength to rally, and the doctors, to give him a chance,; ordered him home, thinking the voyage would either kill or cure him. But it did neither. Tom was landed at Chat- ness and carried on a stretcher to the hospital, more dead than alive. None of his friends knew of his coming, so there was nobody to visit him. But before long it was .found that Tom was a Chat- ness man, and a note was sent to Mrs. Ames, who lost no time in coming to see her brother. All through that troubled time of pain and delirium, one tormenting trouble, which he could not define or bring to any form or shape, weighed upon him like an, ugly nightmare. Tom had talked and raved incessantly about Penelope, some times adjuring her in the most loving terms, at others full of menace and re- proach. But in his lucid moments he was altogether silent and morose, trying to fit things together in his fevered brain, and make out what was really the trouble that overwhelmed him. But when Tom saw his sister sitting by his bedside he had the clue ; every thing came back to him in a moment. ' Where is she?' he cried, struggling to sit up. Mrs. Ames , shook her head in a most dolorous manner. " ' I really don't know nothing about her, Tom,' was Mrs. Ames's raven-like strain. 'The moment you "was out of port she left me, And where she's been since don't wish to know. She never came near me, not except once a month when she came to draw your pay. Then she'd look in as bold as brass — "Just come over for Tom's money," she'd say. "Oh, are you?" said I, just like that. I never said more than that — it wasn't my place, you know.' Tom groaned a sad, hopeless sigh. : ' Well, it's all over with me, Mary. I sha'n't get over this.' Mrs. Ames sighed dolefully. She could not gainsay him. Tom looked so worn and grey, that she "felt sure his last hour had come. 'You'll tell her,' faltered Tom ; ' tell her I loved her to the last, and wouldn't have lived any longer if I could.' ' Oh yes, Til tell her,' said Mrs. Ames. But your bits of 'things Tom— your kit, and all that, and what bit of money there might be due. You wouldn't like her to have that, dear ?' ' Oh yes, I should,' rejoined Tom ; she has had all of me — body and soul — and she may have that as well.' After that Tom fell into a deep sleep, and his sister stole gently away. She thought there would be no harm in having a little paper drawn up for him to sign, for he wouldn't in his calm senses think of leaving what he had to that woman. When Tom woke again, he felt some- how revived and refreshed; his pillow was smooth and comfortable ; there was a soft perfume of delicate flowers, and a cool, soft hand parted the locks on his forehead,. - Tom opened , his eyes in a gentle delirium of delight. There sat Penelope by his side, looking brighter and prettier than ever, and with a look of love and pity on her face that seemed to Tom quite angelic. . Tom feebly opened his arms. ' One word,' said Penelope, laying her face against his; 'I have heard what your sister Mary has said of me. Do you believe it? ' No,' cried Tom fervently. ' By Heaven, I don't !' After that embrace, Tom's face clouded again,. ' But you might have written to me, Penny,' he whispered ; ' never a line nor a word.'. 'I did write to you, Tom,' said Pene- lope, 'two long, letters, telling you all I was doing, for I would not keep you in the dark any longer.. But I sent them under cover to Lieutenant Blake to save postage.' Tom muttered, something disrespectful about postage. Penelope laughed. ' Dear Tom,' she said demurely, ' you are getting quite your old self again.' I shall never be that, Penny,' said Tom. No, Penny, ! feel I am going to die, and I am glad of it. Yes, for I should never befit for service again, and I should only drag you down into poverty. No, don't pray for me to get better, Penny pray that I may die now, happy in your arms.' Nonsense, Tom !' cried Penelope ; ' you're not going to die.. The doctor told me just now that be was sure it .was some trouble, on your mind that was keeping you back, and now you have got me, Tom, you will be all right.. And look here, even if you are not fit for ser- vice, we shall not starve. You say I'm stingy, Tom, about postages, and "so on, but for whose sake is it, I should like to know. Now, here's a little book, Tom, I've kept since yon have been away. Every month, you see, here's a month's wages that I got from Lady Blake, and every month, too, your month's pay. " And the two together, and with interest, what.do they come to ? — a little over fifty pounds, you see, and we can have our own little home, Tom.' Tom actually got up in bed and shout- ed 'I shall get better now.' But here the hospital-orderly interfered, and. bade Tom lie still, or he would fetch the assistant-surgeon to him. However, there is no doubt. that Tom did get better — in fact, recovered so completely that he was able to remain in the service, gaining promotion for his gallantry, and the rank of a. warrant- officer. And Penelope has her pretty little cottage in the environs of Chatness, and lets lodgings in the summer time to visitors ; and anyone would be lucky who chanced to take up his quarters with her and her husband, even though the shore at Chatness is not unlimited, and the sandy dunes not particularly inviting. 