/Buddhism in Relation to ; vv'^. i^ ' '.'?> [ Christianity.' :.T : AT the lost large meeting held in February, by tho "Victoria (Philosophical) Institute,' 7, Adelphi Terrace, London., a 'paper was read by tho Kev. H. C. Collins, M. A., oh Budd hism in relation to . Christianity. Referring to,' tho parallels between " tho persons ? and characters of Buddha and .Jesus Christ,,'; he said :-Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need 7 not hero give . details, i which aro to be found in- any: modern work on ? Buddhism. ; The supposed miraculous conception;' tho bringing down of Buddha fiom! the Tusita heaven^ tho Devas acknow ledging his supremacy the presentation in the-Templo, when the1 images of Indra and Other gods threw; themsel ves at his ; feet ; ' the temptation by.Mani--rwhich legends aro em bellished by tho modern writer I have already quoted, under such-phrases, as "Conceived by the Holy Ghost," "Born of tho "Virgin Maya," "Song of the -heavenly host," "Presentation in th» Temple mid temptation in tho wilder ness"-nono of these is found in the early Pali texts. Tho simple""story of ancient Buddhism is that',an- ascetic whoso family name was Gautama,' pleached a new doctrine of human suObiing, and a new way of .deliverance from it.- There is no thought in tho carly Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god ; but thc mau Gautama Buddha stands alono in his striving after tho true emancipa tion from .tho sorrow and ignorance. . The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in tho world of men, when a preternatural light shono over tho" worlds, ; tho blind received sight, tho dumb sang, tho lame duneed, the sick were cured, -together with all ispell 'embellishments, are certainly added by tho later hands j and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things fa miliar'to un in our Bibles we need not bo astonished, when'wo reflect how groat must have boon the-influence, ns I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in tho early centuries of tho christian era, and, :;perhaps, ? long subsequently.- This is a point-whiclvj has been much overlooked j but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of tho god Krishna, ? wliiolv'is-a'niauifest parody "of tho 'history of Christ. Tho "Bhogavat- Gita, a theosophical poem put-iuto the mouth of Krishna* is something unique among t)io productions of the East,.containing many gems of what wo should call Christian .truth wrested from their p'ropor settings, to 'adorn this creation of tho Brahman poet'-'and indicating ns- plainly their origin ns do the stories of his lifo in the "Mahu-Bharata",; KO that, it has not uiirensounbly been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in tho "Malm-Bliaruta" to furnish a divine sanction tovtho-,''Blmgavat-Gita.V \ If,-'then, as.there is the strongest reason to1 believe, the'Chris tian story, somewhere between tho first and tenth centuries of the Chi is timi ern, forced .itself into the great Hindu opio,; and was at tho foundation of the most: remarkable poem that ever saw tho light of India, can.wo bo surprised/if-we find -similarly borrowod and imitated wonttei s of the..later Buddhist stories also1} Several: Homo - and Colonial applica tion to join the Institute ns guinea ;Subscri bers were received, and' its object boing to investigate all- philosophical and scientific questions, - especially any : said to militate against tho truth of the, Bible,--a discussion ensued in .which Mr. Hormuzd Rnssam,'Pro fessor, Loitner,' from Lahore, M. Colos, an earnest student, of. ; the. question, during 25 .years' residenoo.in Ceylon, : Professor Rhys DavidSjjmd'others took' part).' ' All' agreeing in~undTcontírí>)ing. the.', statements of {Mr. Collins' paper.- Dr. Loitner brought a large number of photographs of early : Indian ¡mid ibo Tartar sculptures, showing . tho;first in troduction of. tho Cliristian story into those monuments between, about -tho second land ;ten th centuries, and ho pointed: on ti the vnlúVpf"such additional confirmation o£"*Mr.' Collins' statements.' " "v ;.t . ' , .'. 