' pomsh- Legends 'and 1 :;j vi :'';;..mibacles;', (Oqntinued.) v,-' f; v wHtors ; 'have b'een ;accu8.tpmed 'tb ( saints)- and inqire tespe,ciaiiy Doininiclc) and Francis.Awin'be)seen,ih.the '."follbwihg ex"-' -.tracts' ;v"from a periodical work, . entitled, '" Neekly .'Pa'cquetpf Advice from, Ebme,". . voP.;,iiij :pV 3 1 5 f f 7 /coii vine©) 'i£ (possible, JPapi of theiy'ch'uljph'we. shali'V.recite y;wha written.Ti.' too .'.not .bimcttn'uthiqr,) but an .arcli bishop, 'band,,pnpjpf)isucli: Oh urch of Eome) that! he ,'siiands jSaihted in her f calendar, I„ mean , ) Antqnibup, 1 arcH bishop. o|.Plprepce!|ih, his Histbricar Sums', Chistf/.'saith , he,,- raised p»"qnly that1 were) dead) ,but Dominick, three in the c but what should ive . think of those forty , Btrangers that- suffered; shipwreck; in the) grat , )mqrj i)nea£ , .Thplousq) ' who 'hayiugl beeh! a lphg tiihe under water, by) the) . prayers ) of St..: Dbmihick, canie .all- "safe '.out of the (river, aucl, were restored to life. Christ, being immortal, entered twice amongst bis disciples, tbe doors being shut, bat Dominick, whilst yet but a mortal man, (which is much to be ad mired) entered one night int o a church, the doors being shut, and this he did only lest he should waken his brethren. Christ said after his death, ' all power is given to me in heaven and in earth,' and this power is not a little communicated to Dominick over all celestial, terrestrial, and infernal things ; for he had the holy angels at his service, the elements did obey him, and the devils trembled and durst not dispute his commands. A little before Dominick was born, there were in St. Mark's Church at Venice, two images to be seen of all, whereof one was in a religious habit, such as the order of the friars Predicant wore, with a lily in his hand, and upon it wrote Dominicus, that is, St. Dominick; the other had the similitude of St. Paul as usually painted, and. this superscription, Paulus, that is St. Paul, tinder, this last was written, Per istum itur ad Christum, ' By this man we come to Christ,' but under the former thus, JTacilius itur per istum, ' The way is easier by this man.' For the doctrine of St. Paul, and the other apostleis, was a doctrine .leading to faith and observance of the commandments ; but the doctrine of Dominick to the observance of councils; ana tnereiore tne way to come to unrist by him was more ready or easy. Because , he was like unto Christ, he was aptly named Pqminieus, for Dominicus,' Quasi Totus Domini, was that principally and by possession, which our Lord was absplutely and by authority.) The. prophetk divers ways foretold of our Lord, so likewise they bear witness. .of,. Dominick ;) for of ; him and his order, 8a,ith'Zachary,' chap. ii. speaking in the person ; of God,', I. !hnve taken unto me two! staves,, the one Decorem, beauty ; ' the '.other Funieulum, a cord or band : Beauty is the order of St. D9minick,.fpr)tlie beautiful habit of their, ) prelates ;- the , Band , is the order of the Miribrs, because they are always girt with, a cord. . Our Lord was , born upon the naked earth, biit,, the Virgin his' mother); for fear of the cold, put'him in a manger. . Dominick being born, whilst a little -in fant .under the care , of ibis ' nurse, ' wciild often get out of his ' cradle) detesting; as it were, . the delights' of the 'fle|sh)!aihd was found by his ' nurse ' frequently ' lying) all naked upon the bare ground. 'At the, birth of. our Lord there, appeared a star- which guided the wise; men. unto;, him,' thereby insinuating, that the wholerworld would be enlightened by him ; in like -manner, in the forehead of Dominick, as he was, baptized, the godmother beheld a star, signifying that a new, light was1 cpme. into, the. world. OurLordliathlovedius) and washed, ,us from our sins in' his blood, but. Dominick, not.without certain perfec- tjph pf'qbanty,8pMdin'g the whole' ; night , with : God in meditation and prayer, did undergo a threefold discipline, 'even' with )h'is own hands, and ' that every day, not \- with, a''\vhip-cdrd) but witti' a chain . of iron, even to the effusion1 of his blbbd) once for his own . faults, ; which were very) sihall : hext for tliose that w in, purgatory ; and . tfiji' thirq)tin Fdr) . in the, worid." ,, And so' this s liameless archbishop runs on blaspheming Christ, and magnifying' above him,; in a comparison through all th'e parts of our , biessed)Sayip,ur',s life, anil finally cbhcludes th us, ,'PaV.' 14; ' ' ,0 ur Lord .'depar ting frorn_. this' ; world, prpmjsedh comforter) vizi) .the)) Holy Ghost ; so Dominick) approacliing . <3 eaitli) ) saitl ho his followers, weep.', not ; for me) ; nor let my bodily departnre tronbre ybii ; in the place to.wh,ibhIgo))I shall) be, m'o re profitable 'to ) you than I can be here); for after death jr vu. tsuaii; uaye lu d uuuiui _ uuvuuaoo tuuiu ypu)cau havemeimthis liie.'' Here you see'they.blush not to publish the vilest- .dishpnoura- bhtheblesaedJesns.thereby )tp magnify/ their pwn 'wretcbed' patron, that ,sb' they ' may-' conciliate' the 'greater retuim).tb)tnem'selve this blas- -ph'emy hbi'punished, fnot, questioned, but : )ratherprqyed's by the , Church pf Eprne : for ' Pope' Gregory the . Nint.il cdnehize'd ) , this, JDp minick" iii .. the year ' 122)1 Appointed' an holiday ! to be ( observ,ed Jtp,| hpnpur., hiiitin, ) and . thence; forwards -the' 'people. prayed Ito "'and' wor-' -shipped hiin;;.), J).)"' ))) .h|)rtf-v ''),;)' : np .)' )at all), behiha- hand% 'butgiyehimacharacterfullou phemous.)- .lA,)b!obic was, writtehby'tbem :. bh'purpbse, called . Xi b'err Confornii'tdtum, ,$t. Franci8with )Ohrist)'1h'wh'erein,£'e.-)w. )tor vie) with, and outvie! all' the'miriicles ; wrbught by our Sa'vib ur, Which hellish book was , exhibited in the general chapter pfthe'Franciscau8,by:Friar'Barthplo'me\v iif) Pisa))an(l approved of by all) - with hnanimous consent, iii, the city of As- sisiudj a .city. ; in the duchy of Spoletto iii Italy, aud birth-place of this Francis), on the second of A ugust 1389, with this expeess clause, — " We have searched, debated, and caused this book to be diligently examined, and we find nothing therein worthy of correction." Now that. the . reader may see what kind of stuff this choice and faultless book contains, we shall give a few soar grapes from its poisonous vintage. It asserts of Francis, " that he was greater than John Baptist ; John, 'tis true, was Christ's harbinger, but St. Francis his preacher and standard-bearer ; John received the word of repentance of Christ, Francis both of Christ and the Pope; John was elevated into the order of the seraphim s, Francis mounted into that very empty seat whence Lucifer fell. Nay, Francis was better than all'the apos tles, being made a type of Jesus by his passion, and receiving ib a .vision , the very same wounds as Christ/ did, " suffered the same griefs,. ;had;) the.;passi6n of Christ renewed in him for the salvation of [man kind ; of- whom Da;vid/8aid, ' thou hast crowned him with-' glory and honour,' who, th rough'--' his.) meri ts, was made the Sou of - God,' aud'Jsauctified by the Holy Gho8),by)roa8"oq)of;a;rtaia schedule or billet, .which. -Lfriar ;Lep)s'aw "descei 'froui heaven- and- fall) on . St. Francis' head, svherein .'twasewrittenH-' this man is by tne gracp oi urpu .wuouy, cpuxormaolo to Christ, and ,thetexam -of all) perfection, whom,, the:.)mijitonj|Aeb)urch' liatii merited to be an advocate with God — thatall are saved that die in his order, and under his rule ; s - that the put ti rig ,) on the) habit by him prescribed gi v'.eth! jul I ' remi|siqu, and freeth' as well fro'm'tKe puriisKtnenTais the sinvChristhath- prayed,— Francis-hath obtained;— with1- much.mofe. such fright ful blasphemy almost in overy page. . Almost every; Popish book", of. '.clovotion is. filled with narratives 'of-miracles wrought; often of -lihe - absurdest1 -descrip tion, and on the most frivolous 'occasions. Some of our readers may. .'be1, interested -with, a. few specimens of these) which have .pft.en for centuries formed the staplo arti- cle)in pulpit -addresses:— ! ' "A' certain thief entering oucetinto a poor widow's (house, wiuh. intent; to despoil her of what sheHiad, and finding her so slenderly furnished.as he imagined it not worth his.jpams;, .hei);tpfjldecline the sus- ipicion of . what, lie : came for, asked her what victuals she hadandwhether she . had : b roke, her -fast, that , ; day., ; . ' Godi for- bid,' said she.' .'ithat l shouldi-violate so ? my svowrthat/l haye) made :to the, blessed Virgin; of fasting) in; her,; honour) every Saturday.' - ' Why- 'so,'; said the thief. ' Because, ' said- she 'again;; ?.I have heard a certain) learned-preacher say that who soever ;'did:'itl ; sh6(ul'd;,'n,ever' die Without confession.'. The thief was, struck,at the report oif this) and) retnairiing a long time in consideratipribf hism life; rat last he started, oritjpf.that'melaneholy ppsture wherein he< was, and setting one , knee to the ground, and, lifting his hanris rind, eyes to ; heaven, ! Seeing.it is so, 'rO.biessedf Vir gin,' said he, ' and th 'at' : each:; poor -thing that is done'for you is so richly rewarded, I here promise -arid vow, in imitation of this devout servant of yours, - every. Satur day to fast in: your honour, so long 'as it shall please. Almighty Goffto give me life and health.' Which " afterwards1 he in- violately observed,. but, for the rest, con tinued still bis habit of .robbing..., It hap pened pnce, tlmt being overmatched by ' passengers', he)' had ,'liis, hea'd cut off, and they thinking they ' had made liiin, sure, went on- their way,, glorying, inMvhat tlioy had done :! when;; behold :the head cried cried . out, '. confession, for the love of God, confession ! ' When; imagine in what a fright they were, unableifo aUong time, 1U1 IVlUUAOiUCUll) Wtl OUll. UJ. lliUyCj Uliull (tu last they came . iuto the- next village and .certified, thecurate.of.whathad. happened, s who, .-running thither, accompaniod with many of his parishioners, brought; thither by curiosity, - behold,;; they haying)joined the head unto(- the ;body,"hebwithra' loud and .audible voice,) that?all.vmigliiiSihear him, said, ' Understand all of.'yoq)'))that I never,. ? did any gppdl.1insal.lrfiifelbut ,bnlyr);in- vhonpur;)tpf ) . fasting Saturdays, -for \vhich(reason,<iwhen .mysoul was; issuing forth ofimyibody, as ut!.wa8"searate''febm'iqriyhead,'!!-an"d?tbe devils ready to intercept it were all as- sembled)';'"belibrd)"tlfeVirgi'nT" hindered them, nor wonldnslie suffer it to issue . forth of my, -body until, by confession it "were'; expiated) of-, its crimes;; and there upon having' confessed himself, arid desir ing all the assistantstoprayfor-'him, he .exchanged 'this jlife;for a happiecone;'" — Weekly „.Paequct. . of . Adoicc. fr om . Borne, iii. p: 569. . .. " A certain religious monk of holy life, exorcised long in ' the' contemplation of the joys of heaven, coucdived at last such a fervent desire of it, that he . besought God that he .might have some paste of it iu this life, and continuing iii this devo- tion many years, at last close by bis ( ell, he heard a bird sing so wondrous delight- fully, as ravished with it, be presently hied him out to epjoy more freely its delicious melody, and following it a flight or two,; at last it led him into a wood, where ,it began to sing ; an.d he, ravished in hearing it, sat down nigh the tree whereon it was, where he might both see and: hear it best, nor did he know with which he was delighted most, — who, when he beheld the beauty of it, wished himself all eyes; when he heard its divine notes, wished himself all ears again. In fine, feasting these two senses so long, he sat till the bird ceased its melody, and flew quite away, when he, arising, took his way towards his monas tery, imagining he had been away only some hour, or two;: hut being returned back again, he found it almost all re- buil'ded anew, and knocking at the gate, the porter and he were both so strange one to another, as they admired at either ; the porter,: that the monk should say he was -a; Religious, of the house : the monk, that he should say he had been porter these 'many1 years : in fine, the abbot came, ' being1 informed" then, of whom he as little' knew as the porter, and unto whom/ He 'Was as little known ; who, in fine/examining himV found by ihe records of the house, that those Religious whom he named to have lived in that monastery with him, were deceased so long. before, as by' computation of "time, they found he had been absent-three hundred and sixty years." — Ibid. iii. p. 551, " There /; was an Erie' of Yenvs was called' Syre''Ambrighte, ''that loved the Sacrament in the Auter passing 'wele, and did hit, all . the worship and reverence tliat he cowdejand. mighte ; j so what that he lay.,syke and.,shulde;be dede, he might not receyve, the sacrament for casting ; than i was - he sorry and made Dole, and than'die'lette; make clean his right syde, ' and to' 'cover ' if with" a fayre cloth of Sendell. and lay Goddis Body thereon, and .said"thus., to .the Oste : Lord, thou, knowest, 'that,; I , love .tliee/, vyith all my. her.t,i and!>.puld;..'.faine resceive'thee with-, my mouthe,' and I durste, < and thirfor that I may notte,>I lay ihee on that place' thatf is 'next' to" ; my liertc/ and 'so T 'shew thee all1 the love';of my 'hierte that I can andmayVwherefor.rbeseeche thee, gooc! Lord, have mercy on ; me. ? ; / And , even therewith, in.sighte.of.ali -the people that were about him, his sydo openyd, and tlie Hoste- wente therein .! to his - syde, and' thanne Iris syde closed again, and;:so anon after 'he 'dyde." ; : - "InDevynceiro besyde, Exbridge, was a woman ley ''sycke, and- -was nye/dede, and .sente,; aftyr a. hooly . person abpute, mydpygh'te;; to ; have ' , her .rights > Than this man .in all the haste that he myghte, he arose and wente to church, and tooke Goddis Body ' in a Box of Yvory, and ' putte/ hit into his Bosome, and wente forth /towards this woman; And as he ' went thourgh a Eoreste in a fayr Mede that waB, his next way, /it happid that his Box, fell oute of his Bosome to the i Grounde, and he. wente forthe and wosse hit: not, and come to this woman, and herdeiher confession and thanne he asked her yf she would be Hostled ? and she seyde, yea, Sere: Than he putte his bande in his bosome, and sought the box, and when he founde hit nought, he was full sorry and sadde, and seyde, Dame, I woll.gOiaftyr Goddis body, and come anon agene to you, and so wente forths sore weeping for his simpleness : And so as he come to a Wellow Tree, he made thereof a Roddo, and strypped himselfe all/nakyd,, and so bete himselfe. that the blode ranne downe by his syde, and seyde thus to himself: 0 thou simple man, why hast thou loste thy Lord God, thy Maker, thy Former, and thy Creator? And when he had thus bete himselfe, he dede on his clothis and wente forthe: And thanne he was ware of a Pilour of Eyre that laste from erthe to heaven, and he. was all astoyned thereof, yet he blessed and wente thereto, and there ley the Sacrament fallyn out of the box into the grasse, and the pilour schone as bryghte as any sonne, and lastyd from Goddis body to heven, and all the beasts of the foreste were come aboute Goddis body, and stode in compasse round about hit, and all knelid on foure knees, save on black horse that knelyed but on that one knee. Thanne sede he, yf there be any beste that may speke, I charge thee in Goddis name here presente in form of brede, tell me why thou knelistbuton thy on knee ? Thanne seyde he, I am a :I' -.lt6ll> - and wolle not kneel and y mighte, but y am made agense my will ; for.hiuis wretenj. that every knelying.of heveu\ anili of. erth shall be to the Lord God. Why art thou like a horse ? And he seyde, to make the people to stele me ; and at'soche atowne was one hanged for me, and at soche a towne another. Then seyde this hooly person, I com mando thee by Goddis flesche and his blode, that thow goe into the wilder- nesse, and be there as thow shalte never disceve Christen 'people more. And anone he wente his way, he mighte no longer abyde : And thanne this man wente forthe to this woman, and dede her rightes, by the which she was savid." School of the Eucharist, Preface , p. viii. The Site ofthe Crucifixion - Captain Condor, of the Palestine Excavation Fund, asserts that he has made a new and important discovery as to the site of Calvary and the Holy Sepulchre. The tomb he has found is a solitary one, differing from the old type of Hebrew tombs. It is near the spot where Stephen is supposed to have been Rtoned, and, contrary to Hebrew style/con tains, after the manner of Greek tombs, a shelf where two angels could have sat, one at the head and the other at the feet. The locality now known as the Holy. Sepulchre, and covered with a church of that name, is an old Jewish tomb which was discovered in the time of the Emperor Constantine. Although popular sentiment has honoured it as the tomb of Christ, scholars and explorers have not with any great degree; of unanimity' so regarded it. One of tho' great objections against it is 'that it is within the " walls of the city, whereas ..the crucifixion and burial must have been outside the city. What then becomes of all the Romish fables? A rock near is said to bear a likeness to a skull, and hence came probably I ho name Golgotha, place of a skull. ; Decision against tlie Jesuits. —T\w Evening Standard says :— A case has just been terminated (before the' tribunals of Rome) which closely affects' the mem-' hers of the ex-Society' of Jesuits 'in Naples. 'Severally ears have elapsed since they sued tho' Government for 'the pay ment of a life-pension which had boon al lowed by law in 1866 to the members of all suppressed religious corporations. Judg ment was' suspended -in consequence of some friendly arrangements, but as. no pensions have been paid to the Jesuits they renewed, their proceedings a'gairist'tho Government. In' opposition to them it was argued that General Garibaldi,' as dictator,, had, suppressed tlie Society of Jesuits in I860 in the ' Southern Slates. This act ; was held as legal, and de cisive, and it was maintained that no claim .could'bo initde on the basis' of a law passed Jsix years, later! '' . Welcome to Sir Henry Darfces.— Sir Henry 'Parkes arrived in the city of Sydney' last' Friday, thousands as-' somblod to welcome him "and they cheered him lustily.' Mr. P.'; R. Holdsworth' presented, an address of welcome from the Temperance. Societies.' Then 'he was driven in' a"dnig' by' Mr. Gorman, to "Compagnoni's,1 and amid many of his' old' parliamentary: compahions and other.friends, champagne was uncorked ;f or. .toasts /and'-, 'speeches; madel / Tliat ' after- ,hooh by spebiai train Sir "Henry/ went'' to' his' home at'Faulconbridge./ On1/ Saturday nigh't. a banquet;' waB: held in liis1 honour in/ the! Town V Hall.' 'All the accommodation" was' taken up, about; 200' being present among whom' were Sir John Robertson,1 Sir' Wigram Allen, and' a long list of Members of Parlia ment, the Ministry1 being unrepresented. Tho . Mayor presided. Mr, J. 0. Neild proposed " The Parliament." Mr. (Jampbell responded for the Upper House, and Mr. Cameron for the Lower. Sir John Robertson also re sponded, and said ho was exceedingly grati fied to have the pleasuae of being present at this reception of the most distinguished living Australian statesman. (Cheers.) 1 The Mayor proposed " Our Guest," and Sir Henry rose amid long continued choering, and expressed hia pleasure at his handsome reception. In a lengthy' and mnch applauded speech He ran over the events that had transpired since he left. Ho asked what had become of the question of Local Option, the way to which had been prepared1 for the present Government ; and which was needful for the well-being of the country; declared that if the present Land Bill became law it would be necessarily altered within a year. "I have been told," lie said, " since I arrived in Sydney that tho Government is about to place on tho London market a loan of £5,000,000.' -'(Hear,1 hear.) Already they have borrowed six millions of money, and if they place this loan of , five millions in eighteen months, they will have burdened the country with an annual ex penditure of half a million for interest— close upon half a million sterling, in addition to what we had before of the heavy expenditure of this country. Half a million to add to the expenditure of the country, whon the Treas urer's estimates of revenue have' failed him, when there is no prospect of liis calculations being realised ! Yhat can this lead 'to but to something very like a financial crisis ? (Cheers.) I , feel I have a perfect right to make these observations and ask these ques tions, seeing that we left the Government 20 months ago with two and a-half millions in the public Treasury." (Cheers.) Sir Henry ParkeB was enthusiastically applauded, and after the Mayor's health had been drunk, and he had responded, the banquet ended. The Loyal Orange Institution presented him with an addreaB of welcome at the Masonic Hall on Thursday night, and we hope to give a report of the proceedings in our next issue. Reading liim the Wrong Way . — We have a fine instance of this method of injuring a public man in the Anti- Christian organ of last week. The Right Reverend Dr. Magee, Bishop of Peterborough, in a recently published volume of sermons, deplores the immense amount of suffering among members of the poorer people, while civilization is said to be advancing. He shows that the agitator misleads the poor because of this ; saying— that civilisation and progress means just this. The refined, tho graceful, peaceful lives of tho few, purchased by the toil, the temptation, the weariness, the saddened shortened lives of the many. The Bishop says these things to deplore them, and refute them ; but our very fair " thinker " in the Liberal attributes them to the Bishop himself. Perhaps, after all, the writer does not mean to be unfair, he may be only stupid. " Stout— thank you." — Last week we referred to the comment, actual facts gave to Mr. Bright's boast of freethought triumph because of Mr. Stout's becoming Attorney General in a new ministry. The ministry were dejected at once and resigned. We find now that their successors shared tlie same fate, and Mr. Stout is trying his hand again. If lie succeeds, Mr. Bright will at tribute his success to his freethought, but if he again fails, to what will ho attribute tho failure? It is a bad rule that will not cut both ways. ; New Professor of Classics.— Tlie 'Herald reportB that at a meeting of the Senato of the Sydney University, hold on Wednesday, Mr. Walter Scott, M.A. of Bal- liol and Merton, Oxford, wns appointed to the Chair of Classics rendered vacant by the death of Dr. Badham. Mr. Scott was educa ted at Christ's Hospital, London, and at ;BallioI Col lege, Oxford. Hecommenced resi dence in the University as an exhibitioner of his college in 1874. He gnined a first class in Greek and Latin Literature at the first public examination in December, 1875, find a first class in tho School of Literae Human- iores upon taking his degree in July, 1878. Ho gained theTreland University scholarship and tho Chancellor's Latin essay prize in 1880\. He was elected to a fellowship in 'Merton College in 1879, and since thnttime Mr. Scott has been chiefly engaged in tuition and study in Oxford, and latterly as a lecturer of Merton College. Population of China.— L. P. . M'Carty, the well-known statistician, has (an American paper says) at last succeeded in obtaining from the Imperial office at Pekin . the official census of the population of China. According to the data thus obtained, the actual population of the Chinese Empire' is '280,000,000. ' Presuming that this statement . is true; and there is the best authority for supposing it to be accurate, there must now'1 bo a -vast shrinkage in the estimates of popu lation of that empire. It may have been larger at some former time. But the statis ticians and all those1 who rely upon:data of that kind are interested in knowing what the population now is. While China is still the most populous empire in tho world, it will be noted that tho country usually denominated India1 has a population nearly a8 - largo, al though the whole is not under a single' sovereignty. < Emigration— Tho Roman- Catholic' Archbishop of Toronto, while 'encouraging1 , 'emigration in his letter published ' by the" Government of Canada in 1882, denounced emigration in hiB letter to the Roman Catholic prelates and priests of Ireland in 1883, in which he exhorted them to save the children of their flocks from "almost certain perver sion abroad." He described the young men of tho country as " impregnated with the spirit of independence and he wrote this remarkable sentence1: — "It pains us to con sider the loss of the offspring of a Catholic people. We |must," he said, " acknowledge that millions of the Irish race have, from various causes, been lost to the Church in this country since its first settlement." The game Archbishop of Toronto said that he was painfully struck with the great number of Protestant ministers in America who bore Irish Catholic names, and ho said that some of these were the most earnest and eloquent in the land. Tlte Australian Orange Harmonist. — This excellent compila tion surpasses any thing of the kind which we have met with — excluding what often ap peared to detract from the merits of older song books, and showing good taste as well as spirit in the selection. The brethren are indebted totheR.W.G.M. Murray, Esq. M.L.A., for the care, judgment, and expense which ho has lavished on this well got- up volume, and for the interesting notos and anecdotes he ha9 added to some of tho songs. The book will be a welcome boon to many who were look ing in vain for such a help to stimulate their zeal and gratify their loyal hearts. We con fidently commend it to our readers. It may be obtained at this office. Small- pOX. — At 438 Kent-street, near Druitt-atreet, a man named Hughes, aged 45, has been attacked by variola, and sent to the quarantine ground. He was working as a carpenter at the Orient Hotel three weeks ago. He was known to be ill on Tuesday week, and on the following Thursday the pock was visible on him, but no information reached the police until Saturday last. His house, a small four-roomed building, was oc cupied by Hughes, his wife Margaret, his daughter Mary, aged 16, and by no less than six lodgers, two of whom, JameB Dunn and Arthur Gray, were at home at the time. The others were labouring men were - afterwards sent down to the quarantine ground to join their comrades who went before them. St. John's R. 0. school which adjoins the house has been closed for the present. At 48 Forsyth-street, Glebe, the house of , Mr. Sunding,— Mrs. Sunding's brother, who -drives a cart for a blacksmith, has been at tacked. ' On Tuesday another case was reported in tho personj of a man who /kept a fish and oyster shop in William-street. The patient stated that about threo weeks before lie Had called in at the Orient Hotel for a drink, but did not roniain there Ions:. At quarantine ground there are now about ; a dozen small pox patients. Ida M'Combie is now convalescent, but is likoly to be deeply pitted nbout the face. The warm weather, if it continues, ought to help to drive away the epidemic. The ambulance corps have been located in : a secluded spot on the Bunnerong road beyond its junction with the Long Bay road. The corps consists of five men, who disinfect the premises occupied by small-pox patients, and remove in special vans those who are sent to the quarantine station. In Melbourne, the wife of a butcher named Henthorn has been attacked by small-pox. In Bordertown, S. Australia, tlie quarantine ended lastSaturday. Collins, who introduced the disease from Victoria, being a prisoner on remand, will most probably be sunt back to his relatives in Victoria. 