CAULFIELD. MELBOUEHE, Thursday. { -. . <Át Caulfield thia morning Umbra waB treated to a tarn, j On fche sand,, and then retired to the sorapiug sheds, a« the , «aiu came down in torronta. Chester and Nonsense were treated, to a long slow exerciao en tne inner track. tShe former afterward« put in a ooupio of ationg <?founds alone. Don Quixote (with DI. U'Brion np) and ;i polestar (with R. Bowe up) wera dispatohod for a mile Äepin. The don had two lengths the boab of it. Both ^fmiahod strong and well. Le Grand waa treated ,»to ' two serviceable turna on the grasa. He mored illa tine style, lie is a bit lazy at first, but soon "shakes H©ff!",whea set geing. Capri had Tissue as a com ,3panion. Tho pair brushed otf from the milo post. O'Brien ¡Moa i the Cuphorao was hard at him all the way. and hs -, ^finished a length in ad rance of his stable mitts. Th* time y.was very fair. Connolly started by sending friendless and .-^Syphon four turns on tho inner track Two turns wera ;4one ot a good strong pace. Nautilus weat k>ng .?slow, pace exercise ou tho inner track. Beieure ;;*nd Augler wore treated toa turn orer tho schooling Vhurdles. Both jumped in fine style. Lang treated j Canute to healthy exercise on the oeatre track. Egbert sund Kingfisher cantered, and ran a very fast mila to finish , tip with. Jones treated Melodious to two turns on tho grass, and spurted homo from the half- mile i post. Coriolanus had Tho Bohemian tor a companion. , The pair were giren some strong work on tho gruas. Tho , former never loosed better. Batty treated Ï ately to threo ; turns oa the grass. The first was dono às a good sharp ?canter, and tue Becond at half paco. He finished up with a good working gallop. Tho Cup candi, l date moved in grand style. The time for tho last round was very good. Batty has got him as , St as hands can make him. Deceiver was given good Ber rtíoeablo work on the innor track. Ontario (with Batty up) ,' wantercd ouce round the inner track, and then joined , ¡Bobinson'B Cupola. The pair brushed off from the milo post, ¿ àwid were joined by Merry Fenelia, who was very soon in . trouble. The hurdle racer finished throe lengths in fron« cf Cupola, who tired a lot. Umberto was absent. , She Laird wns giveu four steady turns on the sand, J. . JLaek treated bcaramoucho to three turns on tho grass. The last two worst, dono at a good working gallop. The ¡ Caulfield Cup candidate moved in fine style. ? truggler , cantered and spurted on the sand. Dargo and . Camerino wero "treated to six furlongs on the ¡ grrass. David and Ditto ran a fast seven <,inrlqnes. Tho former had a lot the best of it. W. Gray i <who arrived yesterday from Kilmany Park, Gippsland), fit appeared with Gasburner.Iroahand, Qasalicr, Tattler, ! d M or thorn Light. The ftrst-nained cantered and J Dried half a mile. The others were treated, turns on the grass, and finished np with ! cod working gallops. Mr. Heyward'a Hpartan and \z. Davis's Ditto were treated to a tarn over the hurdles. , ^oth Jumped well. Tho former finisaed up with au extra , .«onad on the grass. Gilderoy pottered along tho sand. Norfolk and the Ghost broke off from the mile sud a half jpoat, and were joined by Graes Darling at tho nine furlongs «ost. The last named finished «bree lengths in fr^t ot orfolk, who beat host the same diataneo. Beresford, .owner up, was given three terns oa the sand and finished tip with an extra fast turn ou the groas. G. Davis had not -worked Discount, - Deflanco, aad Pilot when I loft tho course Tone has arrived from Wangaratta with Gay Lad n»nd Cloth of Gold. Tho last named ia engaged ia tho Foal . Stakes. Mr. Wilson, jun., ls expected to- morrow; also .^Jsu. J. M'Grade, who brings Tantaliser. 