SOCIAL PURITY AND TEMPER ANCE. On Monday evening the Very Bev. A. Bus ael, B.D., Dean of Adelaide, delivered an ad dress on social purity and temperance in the Church of the Holy Cross. The address was en-yen in connection with the Mount Gambler branches of the White Cross Army and Church of England Temperance Society. The attend ance was very small, After devotional exer cises, . _ , The Very Bev. the Dean spoke first .on bodily purity, addressing his remarks chiefly to men. Our blessed Lord did not ignore the natural wants of the body, but sanctified Him self that He might overcome sin for Himself and others. A more high and holy profession could not be made than was made by each of them in baptism, and it was vain for any one to try to evade the obligation it placed upon them by saying as they often heard persons say "that they made no particular profession. In the purity there enjoined the whole nature -body and soul-was to share, and their watchfulness was to extend over both. The introduction of sin, whether through the body or the mind, corrupted the whole nature. The body had wants and appetites in common with the lower creatures, and it was to be sanctified | no less than the rest of our nature. _ A law had been given for its regulation. The body, which, had thus been endowed with a capacity so noble was not to be debased so as to be an unfit companion for the soul which inhabited A jw^soul in a pure body 'Wfts mftst beautiful thing on earth. A "pure body was the temple of the Holy Ghost, and it could not be defiled without desecration. It was given to them to keep holy. These were the fundamental principles they had to keep in view at starting; and what were the actual circumstances and facts with which they had to deal? _ In answering this he referred to the great evil done by an impure man, and said the common idea was that, t^ie characteristic of mei\ shoul^ te courage and of women virtue. But the law $f chastity was no less bjndmg oil "men than on women. No difference was made between them in the bap tismal vow. An unchaste man was one of the most shameful objects in the. world ; ^nd if there was no brand of shame ^ his brow, there must be a deen brand of shame on his soul. Wh^n he hail cteased to live a pure life he had lost' the very possibility of living an honest one. He referred to the origin of the White Cross Army, which arose out of the efforts made by that noble woman, Miss Alice Hopkins, not only to rescue the victims of men's impurity, but to prevent the evil; explain^ i^ p$\ciples and objects; and mentioned tjie gpfeat interest tha Biahpu shpwed in the. movement. The Chureh would lay it down as a solemn charge to both sexes to watch over their outward con duct and inward feelings, and repress all tendencies to impurity. Nothing could release them from the vows of baptism and confirma tion. He concluded this part of hi$ address with an earnest app^l tfl fodfecaunten anqe impure language" and conduct of every kind. He added that they were told mthe Catechism <Jf the Ch'urchto keep their bodies in soberness and temperance, and yet they could not close their eyes to the fact that there were mftw fl* | the community who were ^eglecwul of the Christian c|vity fif temperance, ^nd a shock ing tiding was. vfiat many ot those who were nxdat negleictEuI bf' if were persons who had beeii given to our Saviour in holy baptism. When such as these fell it waa manifest that this was something more than an ordinary sin. It ^nao^nted, in the minds of godly persons, to something like desecration to use thus that; which was solemnly dedicated to the service of God. It was not merely- the sin of aj\ ordinary sinner, but that of one wha |\o,d treated with , uttejf. contempt tjia sacred, act of consecration j by wl\icfy he. Was set apart to, God's service. 1?ney' all, therefore, increasingly felt that it became the Church to bestir herself tq oheck this great and growing evil «f intemperance. To thosetemperance organizations which existed in the cp;romwiity txjforethe Church of England one was established^ they felt gratitude and thankfulness for reminding thenj of their duty;; but, at the same time, the basis qf the alder societies was not always a basis, they could accept. Theyha.d of^ heard^ doubtless, anient temperance advocates denouncing the traffic in liquo? and all drinking of it as sin. That was not the position which they, as members of the Church p,f England, could take. They believed that wine was "a go.od creature of God" and might be used with perfect innocence by those who had control over themselves, who found they could use it without danger to their Christian character. But at the same time they knew it was a fact that people were apt to be led into habits of intemperance through customs prevailing in this community, and prevailing more widely perhaps because of the great freedom of colonial life. He_ condemned the practices of " shouting" and drinking at all hours of the day. They' were practices that were quite common in this community 5 prac tices tqfvt even respectable Churchmen had conformed to. and acquiesced in, to their great loss, He had seen some painful instances of the fatal consequences of such practices, one of which he related, where a man who was oncea a prominent Churchman had again and again fallen, despite pledges of total abstinence. ISow he (the Dean) felt it was of no use trying to get that man to make any more of those aDortive resolutions. Had it not been for the abominable practice of "shouting" he would not, as far as could be seen, have fallen. A Bhort time ago their Synod passed a resolution condemning the practice of shoutingand' if the suppression of thaf practice alone could "be attained, it was an object worthy of their' uniting together'.' To meet the varying circumstances of different persons the Church of England Temperance Society had two pledges-ojie of temperance and one of tqtal abstinence-which he ex plained. There were some to whom total ab stinence was necessary. They did not lay it down as a duty to any man that he should abstain, but invited every man to consider his own character and the circumstances by which he was surrounded, and the temptations to which he was exposed 5 and if he felt that there was a likelihood of his being led into sin, then they put it to him that, as drink was after all only an agreeable refreshment and not a neces sity, it would be well fofc hib to abstain alto gether. They" invited 'their' fellow Churchman to make common cause for the promotion of the good of fteir fsljows, and:taki the total abstinence pledge, if they were inclined for it, in order (to use the words of the Bishop) to ' stand shoulder to shoulder " with those who were struggling with serious temptation. He wa8 himself under the pledge of total abstin ence, although some of his friends thought he was despising his baptismal vow when he took it. But his answer was this -that he read in Holy Scripture that every mail should hot only bear his own burden, but that they should bear one another's burdens. Bnt'if only thdsewh'o were likely to be'drunk ards were to be total abstainers they would be a kind of ticketed class; and if to remove the re proach from a fellow-man other persons were willing to take the pledge with him, and to say \--"I will atand by your side, and I will bp an abstainer too, and you need not fear that any disgrace can rest upon you in respect of your having taken this vow of total abstinence," ho thought no one who did take such a course would feel that he was not justified in it. It depended a good deal on the position he occu pied. He found himself that by being a total abstainer he had a great power over bad. cases such as he had already instanced. At the same time a man who was not a total abstainer! might be as devoted.to the cause of temper* ance as those who ..were. . They looked upon every sober man as a'friend, and ne recognised the valuable services of liitsny conscientious Eublicans, who would not allow a man to destroy is body and soul in their houses. He referred to deplorable instances of intemperance in women-not women of the lowest class, but of the respectable class--and said, many could trace their fall from the time when they took intoxicants on the ad vice, of the doctor to sup« port their strength when nursing. It was . a fact too that cases of drunkenness in women were more difficult to deal with than in men} men being easier to reclaim than women. He reminded women of their power for good in the way of promoting temperance. It. was for the objects he had stated that the Church of England Temperance Society had been organ ised,-and he was.glad that a branch of ithad been formed at Mount Grambier. : 