-XU "i ' <" .??"' .i-'.." PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, October 29. ; The President took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. '" PAPERS. Mr. Dalley laid upon the tablo the following psper»: Return showing land resumed for school purposes ni Dun- keld and Pyangle ; regulations under the Fisherles Act and Oyster Fisheries Act ; twenty-eighth annual report on vital statistics ; correspondence between the Minister for JuBtico and the Judges as to the confidential character of reports from Judges to tho Executive on petition for pardon or \- for remission of sentence on criminals. ,' . It was ordered that the documents bo printed. ANSWER TO QUESTION. Mr. DALLEY, in reply to Mr. Piddington, said that dotailB as to tho amount of ordinary revenue and dis- bursements therefrom from January 1, 1S81, to Soptember 30, 1884, would be found in Nos. 119, 307, and 498 of the Government Gazette of tho current year. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT. Mr. PIDDINGTON moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of referring to an answer to a ques- tion asked by him of Mr. Dalloy on Thurtdny. 16th Octo- ber, with reteronce to the five nnd ii half mühen Iobu. Ho asked " What will bo the actual lois to tho country, iib betwoon the Belling prico of the Iohu aud the par price, uiion tho redemption or repayment of this loan at tho expiration of the ourrency of 40 years Í" To that Mr, Dalley replied, " There will ba no loss, hut a conriderable gain, to tho country on the lute financial translation. When tho currency of the loan terminates, we skull require to pay the difference between £93 18s. Gd. and par = £347.875, but in the meantime the saving of interest will havo amounted to nearly ono million." Now that was one of tho most pio>s rnisstatcments it had ever been attempted to put before any Legislature. If hon. momberB would refer to the Sydney Morning Herald of October 1st end 3rd, they would see trmt our 4 per cent, stock wus quoted at £107 and £107 2c 6d. That was a premium over par of £7. Ho contended that a proposal of the Chancellor of tho Exchoquor to convert 3 per cent, consols into 2J per coot, bad operated in lav our of colonial and other securities. It had been asBorlod that tho iloatiuK of that 3i per cent, loan had beeu an ndvantngo to tho country 1 as compared with tho tloating of the loan at 4 per cmt.; but that was a statement without the slightest shadow of any- thing to Bupport It. Ho maintained that, instead of tbo floating of tho lost loan having resultid in o saving of nearly a million, it had resulted in tho absolute lose to the country of about half a million sterling. He Jquotod tome statistics with a view to show (that had the loan beon floated bb a 4 per cent, loun at £105, instead of as a 3£ per cent, loan at £93 13s. Od., thors would havo been a clear gain of £519,476. Ho proceeded to refer to the loan which tho Government now proposed to float, and contended that tho liability of the colony for interest alone -would s soon amount to £2.000,000. Four yrarB ago tho debt of the country »as £15,000,0'00, and now we had a prospect of iucreoring it to £50,000,000. He complained that this vnBt amount of interest would be a tribute from the pi opio hore to the money-lenders of Eng- land, and, therefore, would not benefit the citizens of this country. Besides the question of lonns, thero was the ques 'tioñ of rovenuo. He quoted statistics to show that for the first nine months of the yoar the Government had expended £831,292 more than they had recolvod. He abo pointed out that the large amount to tho credit of the Consolidated Rovenuo Account at tho timo the piCBcnt Government accented offlco had beon diminished from £4,085,617 to . £1.235,000 with too groat facility, and that tho Government had spent truBt money, and had borrowed money in London to pay current expenses. Tho timo would soon arrive, he ' thought, »hon tboy niUBt do pometblng elBO than borrow money to pay their current expenditure. Mr. DALLEY said that in addition to tho multifarious and exhausting duties which were cast upou him, the bon. gentleman'.s persistent appeals for flniinciiil information and unsparing critici'nm of all tho financial proceedings of the , Government required that a large portion of his life should ho' devoted to the svtisfaction of tho bon. gentleman's curiosity. Fortunately ho was that evening prepared to " make a simpler statoment than thealpebruical onefurnished tho other evening, and «hieb, he was afraid had hnd tho effect rather of nuuoying, than enlightening:, the bon. gentleman, Ho was sorry that on one of the last nightB of tho soBsion, when important business had to bo transacted, the timoof the Ilouso should bo occupied with this matter. And ho would beg of bon. members not to allow this dis- cussion to delay the course of public business, Ho would not only personally not shirk the question, but ho would do what ho had undertaken to do tho other day ; and that evening, before closing the business, ho would redeem the promue which he had given to tho hon. member and the House, and speak on the subject. Mr. FLOOD explained that in consequence of some mis- understanding a motion of his (having reference to the production of a return giving tho names, position, salaries, and periods of service of publio pcrvants in this colony, and other information regarding tho gtiarantco bonds of nubile servants, in forco) had been withdrawn from tho notice paper, and advocated the introduction of a bill dealing with the question of fidolity bonds. Mr. MACINTOSH drew nttention to the fact that hitherto tho poor had been enabled to îcceivo medicines ut the Sydnoy Hospital, but that the samo class of perBons were now pubj eel ed to the tioubli-of having to hunt about for subscribers, to obtain fiom them ordeis entitling thom to get medicino. The motion was negatived. MESSAGES. The President reported the receipt of meBsopes from the Legislative Assembly notifying tbut that Chamber had agreed to tho following 'bills :-Sr. John's Church (Mud Sbb) Leasing Bill, Sales of Reversions Law Amendment 111, Goulburn Hospital Site Bill, Bryon's Estate Leasing Bill, and tho Public Works Loan Bill. GOULBURN HOSPITAL SITE BILL. Mr. WEBB moved that tho Goulburn Hospital Bite Bill be now read the first time. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read the first time. On the motion of Mr. Weiiu it was agreed lo suspend the operation of so much of the Standing Orders as would preoludo the passing of the second reading of the bill that evening. BRYEN'S ESTATE LEASING BILL. Mr. THORNTON moved that tho Bryen's Estato Leasing Bill be now read tie first time. The motion was agreed to, aud the bill was read the first tune. APPROPRIATION BILL. Tho Appropriation Bill having, on the motion of Mr. Dalley, been read the first timo, Mr. DALLEY moved,-" That so much of the standing , orders be suspended as would preclude tbo passing of the Appropriation Bill through all ils remaining stages during , the present sitting of the Council." The motion was agreed to. PUBLIC WORKS LOAN BILL. Mr. DALLEY moved,-" That 60 much of the standing orders ho suspended bb would preoludo' tho passiug of tho Publia Works Loan Bill through all its stages during tho present sitting of the Council." Tho motion was agreed to. CIVIL SERVICE BILL. . Mr. DALLEY moved that tho Civil Service Bill bo now read the third time. Mr. PIDDINGTON said it was evident that the bill was intended for the benefit of a fow members of the Civil Bervice, to the injury of the crest buln of the young mem- bers of the service. That bill would not be considered a boon hythe Civil servants generally. He would vote against , the third reading of tho mensuro. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was accordingly read the third timo. The question having been put that the bill be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly with the ubual message, Mr. PIDDINGTON said ho had no doubt that when the bill reached the Assembly it would bo discovered that the , Council had exceeded its powers by the amendment in- troduced into the 54th clauso of the hill, which originated a charge upon the people. Mr. A. CAMPBELL pointed out that the amendment would not Inflict any chargo upon the people, and that it only involved a matter of account. The motion was agrçod to. LOAN BILL. Mr. DALLEY moved that the Publio Works Loan Bill be read a second time. He said it »a« a bill to authorise the raising of a loan for the sum of £14,388,303 for certain publio works and services set forth in section 1 of the bill. Of these services, £935,000 would defray the cost of various works to be undertaken in connection with the Harbours and Rivers branch of the Publio Works Depart- ment. They would include provision for water supplies tooth for the metropolis and country t/iwns, for increasing .hipping facilities of harbours, for wharves and light- houses. More than a quarter of a million was required in . connection with tho Colonial Architoot's Department, in tho purchase, and construction and repair of buildings all ovor .tho_ country. _ Provision was also made for bridges in Tarions localities. The main Item in the bill, however, was that in connection with railway constructions, whioh were as follows :- Railway Branch : Ercotion of now workshops, 'and for moohinory and sidings In connnotion therewith, £360,000; trial surveys, further sum, £26,000; Wallera- wang to Mudgee, further sum, £157,000 ; city extension, 1 milo 70 ohainB, £450,000 ; Porth to near Rockley, 17 miles, £196,000; Inverell to Glen Innes, 46 miles, .£578,000; South Grafton to Glen Innes, 103 miles, £2,000,000: Grafton to tho Tweed River, via Caaino, Lismore, and the Brunswick, 165 miles. £1,980,000; Musclebrook to Cassilis, 70 miles, £700,000; Tarago to Braidwood, 31 milos, £310,000; Gundagai to Tumut, via Adelong, including iron bridge over the river Murrumbidgee, .33 miles, £500,000; Kiama to Jervis Bay, 41 miles, £804,000; Bega to Edon, 40 miles, £006,000 ; Goulburn to Crookwell, 26 miles, £269,600; Galong to Burrowa, l8 miles, £144,000; Wagga to Tumbarumba, 68 miles, £710,000 ; Tenterfield to tho Quoennland border, 12 miles, £173,600: Orange to Molong, via Borenore, 21 milee, and gojrenoje to Forbia. via Cudal, 6Q rata, «TOá^CJOj jftera^^ tiona, additions, and improvements at station?, increased siding accommodation, and other purpones, £_00 000. Light lines-Forbes to Wilcannia, 340 miles £1,050 000 ,Nyngan to Cobar, 82 miles, £263 oOO , Narrabri to Moree 61 miles, £336 500 Culcairn to Corowa 45 miles, £210,000 Total, £13,013 500. lhorewaSHlsoanit»mioi fortifleatlonn for puu carria¡,esuoddefoncoworksgonirallv,nmountingto_,l Í0 000 He would montion that the object of tho Govori mont in tho submission of the policv indioitod inthceo railwav f\ton8i<n proposais wob tint whilst leaving no part of thu coleinv without tho facilities of railwuj crmniunicitioo, thev would adopt lines vihich would secuto the border trad« to this colonj where thero wits nnj reasonable expectation of divert- ing tho traffic to Sjdnov Ho wouldonlj partieularlj refer to two iteuia in theeo piopofnls ono bung tho oxtonmon into the citv for the aeeimpli hment of which a route hid boen followed fiom Käufern station to Poit Muequano by the ndeption ofwhieh tbo hue to be constructed would bo at a compiiativelv cheap cost Hon numbala wero avvaro that tho cost of tho lino originallv proposed would havo been Immenstlj increased bj the enoi mous rcBunip tiona of private propei tv w hieb would havo been ni lestarj to earry it out Iho other item to which ho would allude wiia the roseiBBion of a routoonetinallv nrtoptod fi r tho extension from Orango to Forbes, via Molo ig In 1881 Parliament approved of a lmo heir g constructed from Ornnc;e to a point ncnrlv midwuy between I'm koa and Morbos, via Molong, Manildra, and 1 ime tono Creek bubsequent examination and burv ey established the fict that the route now fcubmitted was by fai preferable-that the dit,ti nco was shorter, and thnt mstoad of punning through a bad and sparselj peopled cmntrj tho lino now proposed passed through a conntrj of the richest do.ciiptlon for tin cultiva- tion of croáis already fullv. selected fnrh we II e ecupied bj people aud producing largo quantities of grain 1 or the information of hon îueuilors ho had c Hu led a muss of valuablo information vi hu h ho v ould eiii«c to bo laid uion the tibio of the Hoiiso c mci ming tho«o proposuls This informition would comprehend in tlio caso of each íeconmiendation, tho proposal mid reasons for its ndoption the report of tbo scientific < flleci of the De pai t nnnt, tbo nurnbei of miles to hi i enitiuetcd, roi m us of live stock and olhu piorluco for tho distuct tbimigh which tbo line j nssod and tbo tstmiited cost of coctrua tion lhis infoimntion-which in the form lu which ho would piocuro it, tnd novir be foro been laid botoro Par- liament-ho would oet ni niOiciont timo to enable honorable nipnibers to study it biforo the plans tcctions andboiksof refeitnco of the raihujs would be submitted for tho approval of Pnrhnrront Mr C CAMPBLLL questioned whether it was wi c to raino money Ij han for niilvvijs, when bj belling then bind thej might obtain what thoj required, and prevent tho nocuii ulotion ot an enormous dobt ou the pt opio that como aftoi thom Mr PIDDINGTON contended that tho bill contlined many small items for courthouses, wbnrfs, i nd mell works, which should bo charged upon the oidmnrv roveuuo of tho colonj. Mr A CAMPBELL said that be did not mtond to oppoBO the hill The passing of such a measure would not be an absolute puarnutee that the rnilunis mentioned would be made Decision with regud to them would bo arrividat hereafter Ho thought, however, that some of iho pre posed i nilw nys w ould bo enormously exrom-ivo Tho Grief too to Glen Innes line, fu instance, would cost about £20 000 a milo, and would not pnj 1 per cent on tbo outlaj, and would not be uquired for manv vears The counlrv through which it would puts and Iho counlrj that would bo inter- sected bj tho Gralton and Tweed lui r lino did not require railway communioition, and jet £1 000,000 was to bo sptnt upon thom The Government, ho thought, wero reversing the railwav policy of the colonj, wini h waa tohnvochoip lines constructed wneto thero wero satisfactory prools that they would pnv Mr BUODßlBB congratulated tho Government on thoir intention to benow £14 000 000 for tho eonstrue-tun of railways, which bo held would rosult in a vaat onhancoment In tho value of lane's through which thej piiBB Mr DA-»GAIi held that thov sbonld emphatically pro- test agawBt such a bill boing introduced »o late in tbo bob sion It wns timo, he thought, titnt tho countrv should pauso in ita borrowing oporations. J be period would arrivo oof oro long when instead of borrowing thej would reqnh o to exorcise all their acumen fo save tho honour of the country by providing menus to pay interest on their loans Ho regarded the peoj 1« as havinggoro railway mad In regard to the linea piopoBod in this bill, he intended to protost against tho couotiuetion of two of thom when the T lana and bo ihs ot roforeoco wore submittod to them Ho also complained of several increases m the proposal, especially iii it relating to the bydney water supplj He thought there was no gentleman in the public service who got rid of money with tho facllitj shown bj tho 1 nfrineor tor Harbours and Rivers Ho should like to seo that vexed question of the power of that Houso to altor money billa BQttlod unco and for all Mr TLOOD said ho would Uko to know what tho Government would say if, after thoy paBsed that bill they objeoted to the plans and iniormution submitted to them He did not soo any use in discussing tho bill at all if thoj could not strike out somo of the items Mr MACINTOSH thought tho complaint mndo abont the original oBtimoto for tho waterworks having boen nx ceedidwaa reasonable, but that the inereaso in tho popula- tion had rendered necessary an oxtenslon of the works, and theroforo an increase m the expendituio Evcrj milo of railwav constructed had proportionately Increased the valuo of tho lund He did not think that tho samo would bo said of tho railway which it was proposed to construct between Glen Innes and Grafton Ho el id not think that lino would ever bo constructed, but thut it waa morely a sop in tho pan for somo one All tho goidlnndaof that portion of tho colonj wore already con- ned od with the metrópolis either by waterway or railway Ho thought that it was not a correot poliov to borrow money for tho proposed improvements at Circular Quay, but that thoy ought to be paid for out of the current revenue Ihoso Improvements would not last 10 years, and yet that loan would have a currency of 10 or 12 years Mr. WEBB was Btronglviu favour of lnilway construc- tion It might not pay largely at first, but would no doubt do s) ultimately and it would at tho same time increase the v aluo of thoir lonna At firnt he was Inolmed to regard tho Gnfton to Glon Innes line as an error, but from what ho had Bince hoard and reud he now believed it vvbuld not bo so objoctlonnblc iib had boen supposed it would lead to a development of largo agricultural interests on the tablo land of JSew England,and enablo Bettlers to bend their pioduce to a port 103 inste id of 400 milesaway Tho linewould pay ho w as eure, and he did not ete w h v Grafton should not now have its fair Bbaro of tho loaves and fishes He hud not tho slightest hesitation in supporting the Govern- ment prope Bal Profossor SMI 111 explained that the inereaso on tho item for tho Sjdnoy W ater Supplj was due to the fact that Binoe tho origin ii estimate was mnde the coi-t of labour had increased, and tho hours diminished Dolay in the con- struction, he thought, had proved an udvontngo for if the works as originally contemplated had boen undertaken, they would huve been ou too small a scale considering tho vast aggregations of population which had taken place around tho metropolis Mr OGILVIE contended that money Bhould not be boi rowed for works unleBS thoy wero of a reproductivo charac- ter, and that some of the works included in the loan estimatos wore not of that naturo Mr, DALLE "i, in ropljing, said ho did not desno to be understood as questioning the right of the Chamber to do what was suggosted in making certain omisBiona in the bill, but he simply wishod to point out that any such oourse would necessanlj bo fatal to the bill elsewhere "tt hen, in 1857, tho Legislative Council mado a morely verbal nmond niont in a loan bill, to make the preumblo of the hill cor- respond with that of provious measures of a like kind, tho Assembly uccompnniod its ngreemmt to tho amendment with a proteBt ngamst any acquiescence on iIb part boing con- strued into a précèdent to authorico the Council in touching a mone\ bill Ho would advise tho House to osscnt to tho bill, and reeerio ita action in considering the specihc lines when thoy were presented, as they must bo under the Kail w ly Act, to tha House bj resolution At proHont, what information wns thero before tho House iib to tho reflourtes of tbo districts to be conniolod by this railwav, i Hub line would bring into immediate communication two parts of the colony widelv different in oliinnte, boil, and productions, and both districts exoi-edinglj rich It would brmu one of tho richoat districts of the colony to a seaport at a distance of 100 miles The diainct contained oOOO electors, more than ¿0,000 acres of land undor cultivation, holdings of an moa of nearlv half a million aoreB. Ho mentioned theso facts merely to Bhow that some lion members bud not made themsolvos perfectlv acquainted with tho faots. Tho bon and loarned gontloman also addressed biajpelf to tho advantages or the railway from Grafton to the Tweed. Tho motion was agreed te, and the hill was accordingly read tho second time On the question being put that the President leave tho chair, and the House reçoive itself into Oommittoe of the Wholes to consider the bill in detail, Mr, PIDDINGTON said ho admitted that he was with- out information about those proposals but it waa the fault of tho Government for withholding information and foisting that onormous Loan Bill upon the Houso lhere waa not a ghost of a reason for submitting thoso linos at tho prosent moment The fact was wo were emulating the example of New Zealand with regard to getting a largo debt, but not its wisdom in introducing labourers tb construot those works Tho motion was agreed te, and the Houso went into com- mittee. Tho title and the proamble wero postponed Clause 1,-" Loan of £14,3-8 303 " Mr PIDDINGTON moved that tho item " South Graf- ton to Glin Innes, £103 miles, £2,000,000 ' be omitted Ho had not heard sufficient argument to justify hiß voting for this lino. The sum asked for was enormouB now, but he believed £500,000 additional would be required bofore tho work could bo finished It was only a local line, having no featuroB of a national character, and he regarded it as vaetly too expensive and altogether unnecessary at the present time Why should theGovornmont bo called upon to construot a lino which would have tho effeot of competing with another Government line already in existence F (Hear, hear ) Every ton of traffic over the Grafton to Glen Innes lino would bo trafilo abstracted from tho existing lmo. Tho line included in those estimates would not pay He thought thero hnd been somo potent influence brought to bear to in- duce the Government to submit that line It was not a national, but a mere local lino He hoped that Chamber would Bhow its patriotism by voting agamBt that extra- ordinary and inordinate expenditure of publia money Mr. CAMPBELL differed from the last speaker with re- gard to $9 _vfsdo_a aÇjçjrmvt^cttax. j_t__flraftnrctnj__ai>.~ Innes lu o If thov did not bc-uuto to spend a large si m of mono} in ronmctiñg jNevvcustlu b\ rail with tho metn polia thej si» uld not ho'itato to connect the Grafton and Glen Innes dutricM Mr OGILVIE contended that tho Great Northern lino of riihvaj vvmild ni t tap tLo diRinct which vin uld bei iioctcd bj tho construct!! n of tLo Oinfli n und Glen Innes line, and therefore the two lines would not lomp lo with oi eh other Mr A CAM FBI LL said that ho could not understand on »hat principio this Uno was ut-ked for It would not bo a feeder to their mun trunk mlmn, but onlv a ficdirto tho Grafton steiimcis As icgudid distanoe fioin tho metropolitan mail cts lho lino would lo no iidiuntiL.e 1 rom Glen Innei 11 ^jdncv, vin rvowcnstle, »us 380 mil e, and f i oin the tamo pou t to Sjoncj,viu Grafton, the diB tanco »iib no Iish thtu 153 milt-s Mr MAC IN IOSI1 coudemnod tbo lino on tho ground that tho inclines over the mimi tims would bo bo steep that onginis would bo onlj ubi« to haul tomo id trucks of mutcual up tnem, whereas on tho presint lino thej could haul 40 trucks Mr DAîs GAR pointed out that the people of Glen Innes had ah ead j cost tho counliv more than anv other com munitv to hino railnaj coiuinuiui ítion exUndcd to them. Ho also auld that the tia tialllc if Griifion hedejiiegiouslj fallen off aud now theiu »enid hu vntuiillyno tniflic between that citj ai d Gleu lut is lh( j would ccrtauil) bo faillne; in their dill} if th v voted this mi rmous Bum lor a lino through such blciile and inhospitable touutrj Ho wns coi tain tho paseongoi tialho on such a li o wonld bo ox credmiih Binni] Nipeuouwho could liuvel comfortublj from New lnglmd to Sjdnoj by rail wi uld dream of going bj wa} of Grufton und íncuirmg, not onlv tho dangers of a b ir hnibour, but lho discomfcrls of a long sea vovugi Mr Gohdov duppottod the coustiuction of the bro Mr PIDDIN&lOiN; Bind that lino would be a hinckr to the owners of steamers running bet«ten Grat/ou and fcjdnoy, but ho could not seo that it would bo a bouebt to tho eouutrv ut lurge. Mr 1LOOO said ho had travellod over the countrv thiough which thal lino would j-tiss, ana hiB obsinations bud I otu ei.ch as to justit} lum m voting ugmm-t iii it lino Ho did not belicvo the boveriuiiout would lind nii}ono»ho, oven for » bonui oi 800 sovereigns, would coni-truct that lino in acouidauco with tho spiuilicutiona of tin Li j,mitr-iu Chicf for £¿,()00,0UU. Ho did not believo the jreecnt Government hud nnv svinpith} »llh the voto under coiiMdiiation Ivotbmg would givo him moro "ullBf-iition thau to (.co that t uti ar tous vole st luck out Mr DALLEY punted out that it »as of the utmost lm portuueo that they should bavo tho Appreciation Bill patsod that night Ho n ovoa that the Chun mau loivo the i hair and rupoi t progrc-s, i nd nsk lone to Mt ig in ita lalor hour thin tviuliitr, Iiih desire bting that the j utould pn ev.cd with the oonsUorntion ot tho Approprnti n Bill, and iifterwuids resumo tho coneidorotiou in committee of tho Louu Lstimuloi Mr A CAMPBLLL urged that Mr Piddington nhonld Withdi i» his miiiou for tho omission of that item lhere would be another opportunity for tho Houfcohoriuftor lo deal with tho question ot tbo construction if that hue Aftor somo dmcussion, the motion »as agreed to, and tho Chairman accordingly reported progress and obtamod leavo to sit at a later horn the sumo cveiling. APPROPRIAIION BILL. Mr DALLEY moved,-" Unit tho Appropriation Bill bo now rcud the second time " Ihe motion was ngioed to, and tho bill was according!} road tbo Bocond timo, and the Ilouto went into Committeoof tho W hole to considtr tho bill in detail lho v ulous clauses of tbo bill »ere agreed to, and the billwas n ported to the IIouso without amendment Thorepoitvvas adopted Tbo bill »uBthm read tho third time, and it vi as ordered that it bo returned to the Legislativo Assembly w ith the usuul message, CIML SER\ICE BILL, Tho PitEsiDEM announced bin having loconod fiom the AsBembly a mesingo to tho eiloi t th it the Assembly h id absented to somo nun n lim nts i ade bv tbo Council in the Civil Service Bill No I, and disv¡,ieed from otheis ADJOURNMI NP Mi. DALLEY moved,-"That tho Houso do now adjourn " Am tbo House »us then a thin one he did not doslro to proceed » ith tho Loun Bill. Mr PlDDlIvGTON nskod tho lion gentleman whnt courso ho intended to putsuo wilh ie¡,urd to public business t Mr DALLEY said that ho hod intended that ovoning to groceod with tlio Loan Bill, the amendments in tho Civil orvice Bill, and aluo tho Appropiuttlou Act which thej bud just dispisedof Ho would also bnvu gone on with the Couveutiou resolut ons Wilh the c\cepllon of the Appro- priation Aot, he thought all the business he bud mentioned would bo dispofod of on Thursdii} The Houso odjourned at twenty threo minutes to II o'clock until 4 o'clock on lhursday. 