MRS. FRERE'S DIAMONDS. Mr. Frere was a very rich old gentleman of somewhat parsimonious habits. His one extravagance was a lovo {or young women. He was an excellent example of the elderly lover ; he was not satisfied unless he had a pretty young wife, and then he made lore to the sex at large, bargaining only for youth and beauty. The fii'Bt Mrs. Frere wne a lovely girl, with blue blood in her veins. She was poor, and Mr. Frere's wealth tempted her. She brought with her as her sole dowry a splendid diamond necklace which, bad been preserved as an heirloom in her family. Mr, Frere was almost as proud of this as he was of bis wife, and he, from time to time, added diamond ornnmeiits, until finally Bhe pos sessed one of the finest Bets to be seen in any London drawing room. She altered strangely after her marriage ; became devoted to dross, amusement and excitement. But she was quiet and amiable with her husband, except that at first she frequently complained because he would not give her all she wished. But after a while she left off reproaching him. He would not give heran allowance; be liked to play the generous and uxorious husband, and give her a dress when it took his fancy to do so. There was a dangerous light in her eyes sometimes when she submitted to him. But she did submit. Eventually, however, she lost patience, and dealt him the hardest blow that lies within a woman's power. She . ran sway with a wild young cousin of her own, whom she had loved before her marriage. He was a spendthrift, and had made away, with his slender fortune, so Ur. Frere bad one com fort in his uneasy situation—he felt sure his loolish wife would discover now what poverty meant. She had gone to PariB, and those who met her thought her looking wretchedly ill ; but she always appeared veryfgay and dressed magnificently. In bíz months she died, and left Ur. Frere free of «11 but her memory. The oouBin went to America, and did notreappear in England for many years. It seemed he was .doing well abroad. Mr. Freie had disliked the idea of getting a divorce, perhaps fearing that hiBfbald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raise a laugh in court. But now that he was bo agreeably set at liberty be immediately began to pay assiduous attentions to one pretty young lady after another. The num ber of young ladies with whom his name was associated did not arise from his own change ableness, but from their unanimous rejection of hiB addresses. For poor Mrs. Frere's career was not forgotten. She had been a favorite in her time, and most of her ac quaintances regarded him in the light of an old ogre, who had driven her to her ruin and death. This was very trying to Mr. Frere, for he really doted upon youthful beauty, and he much wished to appear again in the society which ho feared had been sneering at him, with another young and lovely bride npon bis arm. But hiB case seemed really desperate. Most ladies gave him the cold shoulder as soon as they guesBed at his intentions ; if any allowed him to propose, it was only for the pleasure of refusing him. The poor old gentleman got quite depressed, and knew not what to do. He . began to tbink of travelling, and enticing some innocent young creature into wedlock who had never heard of the late Mrs. Frere and her sad end. It was September, and be was at a large country house where there were a number of delicious morsels in the shape of young women ; he could not tear himself away from their captivations, yet he dared not propose to any one of them, for hiB recent experiences had made him nervous. It was humiliating tobe rejected by some girlish creature fresh from theachool room, and then meet ber every day ; and he did not want to go away from the bouse, for tbe girls were not unkind to him. Miey teased, and pleased and flattered him. Only he noticed that he could never be with one of them alone. They always went about with him in little companies oi three or four. In fact, they had determined that tbe old would-be lady-killer should never get the chance to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle, a lady who had been tbe beauty of the season just over, seemed much amused at this little ar rangement. For her part, she eaid, she had no fear of Mr. Frere ; he was rich enough to be an eligile parti ; but he seemed afraid to speak to her. So he was ; for she was the handsomest woman he had seen for many a day, and experience bad taugbt him that he would fall in love with her, and that if he proposed she would refuse him. The last day of his stay arrived, and he was very sad. In the afternoon he deserted the men, who were out shooting, and went into the morning room, where he found all the young ladies in a state of gaiety which young ladies sometimes indulge in. They had been pulling the man to pieces in their absence, and laughing at them : poor old Mr. Frere, whom any one of them might have had for a lover, had just had his turn. He was given to making passionate speeches whenever he could get the chance ; and some of the girls, on comparing notes, found that he used the identical words to each. In fact, he did somewhat lack imagination. This amused the girls immensely, and they were laughing over it when be came in. They immediately began to tease bim, and while they asked him a hundred questions all at once, he stood smiling, flattered, and per fectly happy in their midst. Confused by we jjiCBcuuc ui du uiuuu ucnuLj, ue maue a speech, which most of those who beard it re garded as absolute noQBCDse. " Ladies," he said, "I am going away to morrow. It is dreadful to go away and leave you. I don't think I have the courage to do it, unless one of yon will consent to console me. Which of you ladies will marry me Î My wife will have the late Mrs. Frere's diamonds, and they are not to be despised." He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed aB be said it. But his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously round the merry circle to sec if any face looked thoughtful. " I will, Mr. Frere," said the beauty ; " diamonds suit me, and I adore them." The others looked in amazement, and then burst into peals of laughter. The idea of the beauty sacrificing herself for a set of diamonds—she who, it was supposed might wear a coronet if she chose I But Lady Bose knew her own position better than any one else. She had been out several seasdns, and had had no offer worth accepting, and her mother would not let her bave tbe man she loved. A rich old man, who, as she fully determined, should be ber slave, and a set of diamonds for hor very own, which were a fortune in themselves—these things were worth thinking about. Tbe whole thing was treated as a joke by every one present. But in tbe evening Mr, Frere came quietly to Lady Rose and sat down by ber. " Lady Rose," be Baid, " if you are willing to hold to tbe bargain we made to- day, I will keep to may part of it." She raised her eyes and looked coldly into his. " If you meant it," she Baid, "so did I. A.S 1 said, diamonds suit me ; and I have none." " X will give you the late Mrs. Frere's on your wedding day," he nnswered. "Tbe jewel-case which contains tbem shall be opened by you for tbe first time since she herself shut it." In due time the marriage was announced and details were settled. The wedding was fixed for an early date. Lady Rose, having made her bargain, was not diffident about fulfilling it. tibe wanted the diamonds ¡ not only for their beauty, but because when onoe they were in her hands she would be rich in her own right for the first time in her life. Sbe was avaricious because she was unhappy ; and she determined that if Mr. Frere proved intolerable, and wanted to be her master instead of her slave, she would, like the late Mrs. Frere, run away, but she would not commit the fatal mistake of leaving the diamonds bebind. At laBt the wedding-day came, and there was no doubt about one thing—Lady Bose was tbe handsomest bride of the whole year. And yet sbe was so pale as to look like tbe ghost of herself. The diamonds sbe wore were the envy and admiration of her friends They were magnificent ; her white neck and arms blazed with tbeir beauty. When Mr. Frere brought ber the jewel case and the key, a sort of shudder came upon her at tbe recollection of who had last opened it. She felt, for a moment, sorry for poor, frail Mrs. Frere, who bad left all behind her—her home, her reputation, and ber diamonds. But before long she made the diapQYçry which chilled ber blood, and tn.adij tier face as white'as that of a gho%lj. 'The diamonds 27$ . were paste 1 Before her flight the runaway : hsd bad the set of jewels exactly imitated by a dexterous dweller in the Palais fioyal, and none but an expert could have told the difference. It was en the proceeds of the ; sale of the real stones that, after her flight, ; the lady and her coasin lived luxuriously in Paris. . Lady Bose never felt sorry tor the late Mrs. Frere again. 