FATHER FOGARTY'S FRONT TEETH. A MYSTERY, BY ROBERT P. WHIT- WORTH. 11 Ye don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Regan, as vo sat round tho huge firo in his comfortablo hostelrio in Bccchworth, ono cold dirty night last Jano. Tho day had been 'a wild and stormy ono, as is frequently tbo case in winter in that olovated locality, ana we, a party of fire, wero glad to bo sheltered within tho bouse, listening to the wind that camo in shrieking gusts round tho comers, and'tho heavy swish and patter of thojrain on tho window panes. In accord with tba character of tho night, the conversation had tnirtth 0 dismal ana dreary tone, about acci dents, murders, hnsbronging and the liko, and had at last drifted off into tho subjcot of disembodied- spirits. Somo ohot> I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in ench rubbish, as ho oallcd it. Honca Host Regan's question. " I, for ono, don't," I said. 14 I don't bo- liovp . a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor anv of tho crow, any moro than I do in Jack tho Giant Killer or Little Rod Riding Hood." "Well now," said Host Regan, emitting a contompl&tivo; whiff, 41 I'm not so oaitain nbout mat. To bo snro I never scon ghost mcsclf,bnt I've known thim as has, or said thoy had. Father Boolan, of my pariah, nscd to tell na it was all nonsense, but my old granny, rest her sow!, said many's the timo oho heard tho scrccch of tho banshco, and seen her too.wanot, a woman in white, wring ing her hands, that faded away liko tho mist. I couldn't say for certain, bat if it wasn't a ghost or a spcrrit that was in Father Fogarty'a front teeth, what was it ? " "Father Fogarty'a front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, maybs yo nover becrd tho story. It was a most mysterious affair, but I'll tell it yo." And so /Host Regan, who. was a droll fun- loving Irishman, ceremoniously re-filled his pipo, and not without a merry- twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told ns tho story of Father Fogarty b front teeth. " It was a good many years ago whin I was on tho Rooky River diggings in Now South Wales. Thim was tho rough times, and ' many and many'a tho divil's own motions I Bosn on that same Rooky River. It was about 2850 whin I was' working there, and there was maybe abont biz or seven hundred mm on the field. It was alluvial sinking, shafts and tunnels mostly. Woil, somo o' tho diggers was qniet enough, but some was the divU'a own h'ys entirely. < There was a party of me own coanthry- ? men, barrin they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, workin' at a place down tho river oalled Kennedy's Oreok, about fifty of thorn. fchero wore, and at another plaoo called Mount Welsh, on the other siao of Fost Ofiloo Golly, was about as many Ulster mm from Donegal. 14 These had all hem out in tho samo ehip, and had got quarrelling on boord, and if it wasn't that tho oaptain had kop 'em below turn about, thero'd ha' been murdher aboord and worse. . 44 Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of miles apart, and kep up the black blood food heohuno 'em, and if it wasn't for thereat of us who wanted pace nnd qulotncsa, and kop 'cm down by sheer strentho! numbers, thero'd ha' been no livin' there. Even then I doubt if wo'd have been ablo to keep ordher if it wasn't for Father Panl Fogarty. < Oh FrtfVinr1 Vn/rnrtv. vn rmr n iawaI nf n prasto intirely. Fatkor Fogarty was tbo olargymon of the disthrio', stationed at Armi- dolo, bnt moat ol bis timo ho Bpint on tho diggings, by lason of bavin' to move about , from ono place to another on tbo river, abont thirty- five miloa in all. Ho was a tall barly man, with tbo roddoot noso I ever Boon on mortial man, and two blook eyes as bowld as a hawk's. Ho kom to keep ordher on tho flold, and, by tho hokey, ho done it. Ho praohod pooo and goodwill amongst ns, and no praotissd it — wid a horsewhip. He was kind nnd pationt wid ns ell — till his eyes began to glisten, end his rod noso to twitok, and then, toro end ages, but it was look ont for squalls. Wo woro all, every man Jaok of the seven hnndhrod of as roagh diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, and Scotch alike. He'd tho soft word and tho civil word for overybody, ontil ho was pnt ont, and then— phillilool He'd a heart as soft as buttfaer, and a fisht like a homo's hoof. He'd toll ris our jaty in a way wonld bring tho wathor into oar eyes, nnd poroaado ns to do it with a thiok stiok. To tho eiak or tho ehuek man ho was a Iamb ; to the idloj tho dcsolata, and tho blasphemer, a raging kon. 1 Shawn Brady avicb,' I hoard him Bay ona day to a big Galway follow that was .- always quarrelling and fighting, ' oomo horo till 1 spako to yo. What's all this I hear abont yo ? Ye'va not boon sober for a week, fightin' and oreatin' a rookawn day and night all tho timo, and tbo language yon nsol Holy Bridgot, it's athroaioas. What havo yo to say. for yourself ? ' Brady stood sheepishly fingering tho brim of his ceabcon, and mut terod something about having ' tho dhrop in.' "Tho dhrop in is it? Tho dhrop in ?' ho roared, ' it'o tho dhrop that'll lado yor oowl to otcrnal pordition, yo gonrmougo, yo omad- liawn ; anu yon nqt dono a othroko ol work oinco last washin' np, and your ould father and mother at Oranmoro without tho bito or tho sap for all yon oaro, yo ondntifal, blaok hearted vagabond. I know yo. By this and by that I'll pat tho oross boahnno ns, and ' thrash yo till yonr lour bonss aoho. Down on yonr kncea sir, and promisa your prasto to . oondnot yourself liko a decent b'y, or by tho mortial, I'll do what I say ; ' and Brady done it, and thoh snaked away liko a whipped hound, . Still for all ho ruled ns, as ono might say, at tho point of his shillelagh ; it would be a bod day for any ono who had laid a finger oh lum, or iusultod him, if wo got to hoar of it. Not. that ho aouldn't take his own part, and wpald . too, if Decennary. Tho bully of tho camp at tho timo was a groat big Lankio, who d boon a collier,, and who was a perfect .giant in strength and tuutality. Ono day Father Fogarty, hearin' a row in tho Pick ana Shovel, wint in, nnd. found tho divil's own motions goin on. There woo this big follow had Bill Cross, who' kop tho shanty, by tho lunr, and lrammerin' him wid a powtlicr pot bekaso ho wonldn't give him dhrink, and two or tbroo others thryin' to pall him away. . '"What's thia ? ' sayo Father Fogarty j .'dear oat o' this, overy mothor's son of yo,' pointin' at the oamo timo to tho door. Tho othors wint, hut tho Lanhlo turned round and facod him, Bhtill holdin' Gross, a little ohap, by tho hair, "'Lot go tho decent man,' said Father Fogarty, qniotly, hat his noso twitching dan- goronely. "'Aw'll noan do that for thca noathcr,' said tho Lankio, with an oath. " Tho reply was a stinging ont aero so tho check with his horsowhip. "Tho Lankio qnittod hie holt andrnshod at Fathor Fogarty with tho roar of a mad ball. Bat tho prasto wasn't to be oanght liko that. Tho shook wae terriblo whin they mot, bnt what tho Lankia hod in ethrintb, Fathor Fogarty had in scoionca. Ho gavo him tho inBido orook, and tho giant wint down with a orash that shook tho rattbors; thin coolly dhragging oat tho insinsiblo form by tho hods, bo shied it into tbo maddy gutthor. Toll that blagyard,' ho oaid to somo passors by, 'whin ho comes to himself, that if he wants any moro to oomo to Fathor Fogarty.' Bnt it boomed ha didn't want any moro, for ho oordnlly avoided tha prasto for wcoks, and was oven, after ho had loft tho Kooky, hoard to express his admiration for him. ' That thoor Fathor Fogarty,' ho wonld say, ' ha'ro snmmat loiko a pa'naon, bo war. By Gow, ho'ro the only mon 'at avor gradely fotUot Loukio Bam, an' chonca it.' " Aa I've said, every mothor's Bon on tho fidd hod a howly terror of Fathor Faal Fogarty'a horsowhip, and it wae a soight worth lookin' at to sco sometimes on a Mon day, for ho'd gincrally oomo from Armidolo on a Monday, whin a lot o' tho follows who hadn't tnrned to wonld bo dhrinkin, an' risin' a rookawn in tho oamp, wonld oco his bony white horse comin' over tho rise. Tho word was riz in a minnte, and yon'd dio langhin' to seo a score or two of big, brawny fellows rushin' away to their holes liko rabbits into their warrons. " How and over, this has nothing to do wid Father Fogarty'a front tooth. As I told yo before, thoro was a party of abont fifty Tips, working at Eonnody's Grcsk, and about tno samo number ol Donegal men at Monnt Welsh, and thera was blaok bitter blood bcchnno 'cm. Well for ono. thing or another they'd had bits of sorlmmages bcchnno them, bnt nothin' to hnrt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early ono Saturday momin', Misthor White, thowerdon, and a fine dnoont man ha was, kom to mo on the qaito, an' siz ho ; ' Began,' eez ho, ' I know yonr'o a qaito decent law abidin' citizen.' ' Its proad I am this day to bear yon say oo, sir,' oiz 1 ' Now,' siz bo, ' look at hero. Tho ozaort has gona to Sydnoy, and I'm loft horo with only ono con stable. I'm iniorramcd that tho Tips boyant aro coming in a body, aitor tvashin' np to-day to attack tho Donogal min, an' I want yon to help mo to prevfnt it.' ' Bat sir,' oiz I, ' what wonld I do to provint it, and beaido that if thoy wont to fight it ont lot 'em, we'll havo no paco till thoy do, and thin again, I wouldn't liko to spoil sport.' ' I'm. as fond of a hit of harmless sport ao yoa are Began,' says he, bat this moans bloodshed, murder, robbery, tho camp burned over dnr heads mayba. Will you holp mo to provint it?' 'I will, sir,' oiz I, ' il you'll toll mo how.' ' Oomo np to tho police camp,' oiz bo, ' I'll havo a horso saddled tor yoa on tho othor Bide tho hill,' thca rido to Armidolo as if tbo divil was either yo, and bring Father Fogarty bach with ye. Faith ho's worth a wholo army of throopers. Savo yor horses at Uralht and soma in through tho bush to the back of the oimp, oo that nobody 'llcooyo. An' may bo wo'll havo oomo fan yet.' 'I'll go bail wo will, sir,' siz I, 'faix I can fancy I soo them all sontthcrin' whin his rivorenco's red noso is to tha fore.' " Well, I wint, and soon ooverod tho twelvo miles. I found tho prasto jnst Bittin' down to bis brexwnst. " 1 Bavo yor rivoronoo,' siz I. " ' Savo ye kindly,' oiz ho, ' sit down and take a snack.' "Bat whin I tonld him my arrant, yoa should havo Boon him. His oyoa fairly blazad, and his red noso twitched np nnd down , like a jook-jampor. "'Oh I the blaokgnords, the vagabenes. Mona man diavul. Heavon be bechnns us and evil, if I don't brook evory bone in hoir Birins. Not a thraneen do I oaro for the bast of thorn. Oh! I'll tbroanoo 'em.. Oh I the roarin', sohamin', thievin' omadhoune. Obi the ourso of Oromwell— Holy Bridget grant me patience— tho poor benigbtod hathons— whoro'a my whip ? "We wore book before noon, having loft onr horses at the Hralla Hotel at Danger's lagoon, and dono the remaining two miles through tho bush. Fathor Fogarty was en sconced in tho police camp unobserved, where I left him fretting and faming liko a eagod tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrifling excuse. "I could not help laughing and ohnokling to moself, as I pictured to mcsolf tho total root of tho contending armies, bnt wisely said nothin' to my matos whin they axed mo what was I laughin' at, oxoopt, ' Wait a bit, maybe yo'll seo some fan soon.' f'At ahoat two o'alook wo knocked oil, and by thrco the oamp was protty fall of diggers from all parts of tho rivar, and I notioed that tho Tips hnd all oome armed wid stioks, whilo in many of their inmnors were bakes that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, the " etono in a stooking." " At about four o'oloak the ruction began. The Tips, who. had formed themselves into a body just abovo the polios oamp, raised a onddon yoll, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to nnnibilato their nnpro- pared foos, when tho goto opened wide, and ont marohed Fathor Fogarty, horsowhip in hand. '"Howly mother,' cried someone, ' it's tho prasto I ' " I'vo heerid tell that whin Boney lost the hattle of Watherloo, he said something in Frinah that manes 'the divil taka tho hind most.' Well, it woe jnst that. Ye never seen saoh a soatthor. Up the bill, and down the road, into tho bash, and into the rivor, they fled, with tho victorious prasto dhrivin' tho vanquished inimy before him, lashin' and elashin' at thorn for dear lifo. " Yo murtberin' thavea I yo graooloss villains 1 yo rappareeal I'll taoho ye; I'll oxoom Howly Bidpup, hot's hat ? 1 " Bat, or that, ao ho moant to oay, was an unlaoky etono, certainly not aimed at him, bnt whioh had. ethruck him olane in tho month, knooking out two of his front tenth, and oomplatoly puttin' a fall shtop to his oloqttonco. " Ho roared, he yollod, ho spat ont month- fals of blood and teeth, he danced, he toro his hair, ho threw down his hat and jampod on it. I niver soon a man in snoh a tearin' rago, and what made him ton times worse was that he coaldn't talk so as to make himsolf nndhorstood. "'Oh I yon faarborib poamhibs, bo purp of Pombib— Oh I oh 1 ah 1 " I nood hardly .say tho fun was ovor for that day. Fathor Fogarty was led book to tlio polios oamp amid respeotful oilonco,- tbo opposing forces wuro routed, bat tho horo of the day woo disabled. "Av oooroo ho oonldn't porform mnso tho next day, aa not only was his month' swollen and his lip oat, but tho loss of his tooth ran- dorod him incapable of articulation. Soma of tho .townspeople laughod whon thoy heard of tho nooidont, but.au he was generally well liked, a subscription wauuoon riz to Bond him down to Sydnoy and got artificial tooth in. Bat horo a now difiioalty Stood in tho way. Ho positively refused to go. It was bad onough to bo langhod at there, unt to rasko hhnsolf a laughing stook to tho graoclosu pooplo of Sydnoy, ho oonldn't and ho wouldn't. Bo-' sidos, as ho said, . Ha poppard's plapo wab wib hip plop.' I' 1 Fortunatoly, or unfortunately, jnst at this time, a dintist, a poor ono, bat still a dintist camo up to Armidolo, and to him wint Fathor Fogarty for roliof from his .' woos. Now in thim days artificial tooth wore not so oommon, capooially in snoh ont of tho way Oar host monnt " Fauvs qutpeut." ' I places as tho BookyKivor diggings ns thoy era now, and this dfntiot's baslnesa was mora in tho way of takin' ont tooth than patting thorn 'In. Bat tha oasa was nrgont, and prompted by tbo prospcot of good, pay, tho dintist nndortak to supply tba missing in cisors, Ho had no tooth anloss ho conid get them at oocond hand from somo dead body, and that woo hardly practicable, nor had ho any ivory to mako tbom of, oriless in- deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought-yos, ho had it. Thoro was a spare pair of dica in tbo bar of tho hotel where ho.sthoycd, and of tbeso ho wonld mnnnfactnro tlie tooth. Tho landlord gavo thorn np to him willingly enough, remarking at tho timo that thoy wero all that was loit by Jack Adams, who hod died on tho Booky three months before, and ripresonted a grog score of fonr pounds thrco, which Jack left owing. Ao tho grog sooro was gone tho dice might as woU go alter it, and tboy wero loaded anyhow. "But little uso as tho dioo wore as dioa, thoy oamo in admirably for Father Fogorty's front tootb. Thoy were out down, polishod, fitted niaoly on a goold plate, and onoo mora Fathor Fogarty rejoiced in portcot whito and ovon front tooth, moro whito and even, to toll the tbrntfa, than tho originals hod boon. The dintist was happy; for ho had boon paid hia hill. Fathor Fogarty was happy, bokase hs oonld talk and ate onca moro like a rasonablo Christian, and his pariahioners were happy, bekaso their pasthor was again ablo to praano to them, or maybo ecowld thorn. " Now here the shtory as a matter-of-fact shtory indo, bnt horo comos in the mysterious part of it. Fathor Fogartv, worthy man, was not oxaotly an oncotic. Ho had always liked his tumbler of jinnoh going to bod, and maybq bis drop ol whiskoy on a cowld wot day, a draw ol tho pipo, nnd mayba a qaito rnbbor of whist, or aband at spoil flvo or eribbago with a friend in an evenin'. His langaogs ant at the pnlpit had ooossionally beoa a little sthroog,bat nivoronoh as coald well ha taken exception to, except by ihojveryfsstiguona. Bat now all this was ohangod. He felt an nnoa- countable and nneenqaerablo longing whioh grew sthronger end sthronger on him every day, to visit tho billiard rooms at tho Wef. lington or tho Freemasons. Perhaps thoro woo no groat harram in that, but whin it kom to hotting on ethrokes, makin' ono at pool, and talkin' tho slang of tho game, it grow noticeable. Thin, again, ho eoemed to fall nnoonsclonsly into the habit of shmoking cigars, and ovon pipes, not only thera, bat in tha pahlia ethrcots. He plsyoa loo, and onco startled the frequenters of a pnblio bar by proposin' a little fiutthcr at hazard for a fiver, aicorly something was wrong, bat what was it? Ho oonldn't toll. Ho was sorely exercised in his moind. Ho know qaito well what hs was doin', and yet for tho life of him ho couldn't holp it. Ha foaght against the infatuation, bnt it ' scorned to to ovormoobtor him completely. " But mstlhoro grow worso and worse. Ono Sunday whilo ecrvin' moos bo zhoandalised his congregation by suddenly annonnoin that ho wonld 'book tho field, bar one.' There was a dead eilonco, qnd his hearers looked at cash othor ominously. Ho stopped and wrestled with the ovil epirit, for Barely it was on ovil spirit that had taken possession of him, bnt ere .long his fiook wore still mora schesndalisod by noaring him asssver with a terriblo oath that ha would ' go a level pony on tho little cliC3tnat filly Ganymede.' Boms of tho congregation riz'and loft at this oaori. logo, and tho poor prasto bowed hia hoad to hla pnlpit casnlons, nnd wept. Thim who re- maincd looked pityingly on thoir beloved pastor, who, either a pause, riz and said — " My ohil. dren, yon aro astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am, at my sthrange oondnot; but you must seo that I am either gain' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you ovens on either single, or flva to ono dn tho doabloevint. Bring in tho .banes — half- a-crown in, and tho winner shouts." " Thcsa lost extraordinary words wore wrung from him in agony, ao tho beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after nttorin' thom ho fell into an aestosy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lswd and profane oxolamations, Mon tamed palo with terror,, and women shrieked, Somo feinted, ob rising from his knees hs shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, 'And now I'll shake any one in the crowd for drinks all ronnd.' " Clearly Father Fogarty was mad— stark, storin', ravin' mad. Or was it possible that tho devil still had power on oorth to ontor into the human-frame and nttor blasphemies likathess.. " Ha was led to his houso by some of his sorrowing fiook, and a message despatched of! to Maitland, whore his superior was, inform ing him of tho sad ocoarrcnco. "Another olargymon was Bint np, bnt Fathor Fogarty grew worso. Tho language ho need was somothin' awful to hear, and tho doothor oonld do nothin' for him, " Tho heart-felt prayers of hisoongregation, ayo, and of overy other congregation, for hs woo well liked by all, wero offered up, but in vain. " Ho was .sinsible onough, and, poor man, know wall, too woil, what ho was doin. His heart was brak. Yes, he was possessed of a devil that wonld not, and oonld not bo driven out. " Bat one day, as ho was tampagin' as usual, talkin' abont , horse raoin' and oook fightin', and gamblin', . and all kinds of Bpoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin oooktails, and other murdnerin' dhrinks, sure, a sthrange thing happened. Fatheu Fooadtv'b phont teeth peu. out. " In a moment thoro was a change. " Fathor Fogarty was Fathor Fogarty again. No longor the fonl-mouthad, fiend riddon, gambler, tho drinking, toarin', sweorin' reprobate, bat the humble, pious, eamoot nor- vant of God he bad been before his sthrange attaok. " Ho knew what it was, Hs felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. Thoy had been mado, the dintiBt oonfosses it afther, ont of tho dioo that had belonged to Jaok Adams, the moot notorions gambler, bias- phomor, and ovil liver on tbo diggings, and the blaok soal of the lioentious rowdy had, afther his death, banntod tho dies, his fami- liar spirits during his lifotime. "At loots, if it wasn't that," oonoladed Host Began, with an air of oonviotion, "what waoit?" Wo nono of ns oonld solvo the problem, and oonld only oanfoss, with Hamtot that— if the itory were true— there aro indeed more things in noavon and earth than ovon wo dreamt ol in our philosophy. 