PUBIISIIED TUESDAYS AN-D FRIDAYS. IKEAN.I, JULY 25, 1S84. - Mc±rc-,L ENTERTAINIENT.-Dring the week Lieutenant M. Rose gave two of his excellent entertainments in the Mechanics' Institute-on" Monday arid Wednesday. There was an excellent attendance on both occasions. The first part of each enter tainment consisted of feats of magic, in cluding the hat trick, raising the Wind, witches' pole, manipulation of cords,:etc. He also performed the-ropo- tying, or rather untying trick, first introduced in thseC colonies by the Davenport brothers; also, the ghost seance, as performed by Katie King, and claimed by her to be the result of spiritualistic agency. Slade's slate- writing trick. was also performed. Each evening the Lieutenant was hand cuffed amongst the audience by a con stable, who happened to be present. The Lieutenant then retired to his cabinet, and in two or three minutes emerged forth with his hands free, and the -handcuffs fastened to two chairs. The various la:ts evoked much applause. To-night and to morrow Lieutenant Rose performs at Swan Hill. POLICE COURT.-On Tuesday morning. James Walton for being dr!nk and dis orderly on the previous day,wss fined five shilling or 24 hours imprisonment by Mr Littleton, J.P. The fine was paid. I'JTF.rLLS.-Since the numerous holes have been sunk in the streets for tree planting, several mislihaps have occurred, through people falling into them at night. On Wednesday ai mnan named Quinn fell into one and dislocated his shoulder. He got it reducied, but, to make sore it was all right, calntled on ])r. Gregory yesterday morning. ?ArLtw.tY AcinDEncr.-On Tuesday, WV. Rolinson it platelayer on the new railway line, slipped while getting on a trolly, the wheel passing over his ftoot. JIe was brought to Kirang, where Dr. Gregory attenoided him and found his right foot inich crushed and bruised, thse bones of the foot being displaced. He advised his removal to the Bendigo Hospital. ilETeirvi.-- The :Handbook of the Colony of Victoria is especially prepared by the Government statist for home dis tribution. The Handbook appears to be eminently suited to carry out the intention of the compiler-containing, as it does, a host of information. It is intended, we believe, to despatch them to the Agent. General for distrilbution. ENTERT.INIENT..- To-night, according to annonclement, Mr. G. iuller will give one of his unrivalled entertainments. It will consist of character songs. violin solos, and spiritualistic seances, thlelike of which has never been ecen in Kerang. As a vielinist Mr. Duller takes high rank, while the rapidity with which he makes his changes in the character songs is surpris isg..- After the cntertainment is over, arrangements are' iaado for hei-ia? a ball, Msr. .Bller supplying the nmusic. To morrow evening there will be a change of programme. Mr Buller will also give an entertainment at Koondrook on Monday, and at Swan Hill on Wednesday. Koosnneoo5.-A. meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. Robert Barber, M.L.A., member of the New South Wales LTeislative As -mbly, was held at Koon drool on the 1s9th inst. Resolutions, ex pressing sympathy with him in his recent struggle against the enemies of progres alnd land reform.wcre unannimously passed. A strong working conmmittee was formed for tihe purpose of supp!ementing the etforts of the central committee at Denili quin--having for its object the presenting of a suitable testimonial to the hen. gentleman. Subscriptions, amounting to £1 l 2s., were immediately taken up. and seine of IMr. Barber's Victorian admirers gladly sbnscribed. Mr. G. H. Gavel, ..P., occupied the chair, and hMr. H. Keeno acted as lion. secretary pro. tem. MaTnnoroLrTesm CrITICIS.s.-A resident of Kerang. who before dwelling here was a most regular playgoer, having read the adverse criticisms on Mad':ne Doe Grey's dramatic troupe, now playing in Mel bourne, took :advantage of a recent visit to the metropolis to ,ii:tness the perfor mnance. IIe says. with one or two excep tions, tile whole of the fro-ape are unost finished, each peruormuer carrying out the several parts with ease and cl,:iantce. IA.TAr AccimDr.-- A ininii accident by which ia miner named Kitng lost his life. ocenured at the Band and Albion Consols Mino Pallarat, on Tues isay. Deceased wtas working in one of the iterm?ediate drives when a drny load of mulloek i was capsized down the sl fIt, fall ingi dirc!tly on him, fraeturing his skull and causing instantaneous death. ron.r ',ris x-.--On Tuesday last a n,n!ber of fi hin, , boats left Mo-ne river, I-eifast, just prcvin;ls to a south westerly gale that pn.se' over elifast on that lay, all succeeded in getting back in safety with the eaceptian of one, ma:tued by .T. t ellsu iln , rull lt TT. O ., . .r i i? - .- , sit ings have yet been received. Sar.l L. Pox.--Several rases of supposed small-pox have ccurroed in a family nameds { Wilhiot, residing in Fitzroy. Ev-ery pro c tlst'i ]c beeirn taken to pr "v- nt its spreadingu. the house being qu:arantined and constables pisaced in chlarge. The doctor in charge at the quarantino re )ports that all the patients are in a satis fietory condition. Trise GR.ADn NATIONAL Snow.-Theo following is a summary of the amnonut of prizc money offered for competition at the G-raind Ntion'al show. to lie hedl at clhuca on ?he 17th, 18th, and 19th Sep teolmer :--Draught horse stock, £181. 18 ; bllood horses and lhaineys, 151ts Os; fa-rriers. .i ; e:attle, £140 its; sheep, 275 lis; swine. £23 ; machinery, £86 ; im ilements, £91; buggies £11i; harness, &c.;, s15 ; daiy prodneo, £80 1s ; poultry, .t8 : 1plant.s and flowers, £1 7ls il ; garden pro.,?ce "7 10:; doe s ,'215 ; swines. x18 15s : nesdlew,n'k, t25 19, : educa tiona!. C18 10s : muiseellaneoni. £ -31. hir A. B. Fr notifies elsewhere that he is preared to nnderta:ke the surveys of Malee bilocks. Tenders are invited by tihe Rilway Deipartment for the erection ofa goods shied at Pyramid Hii. Mlessrs. Taverner andt TWilliamson will sell to-day a teamn of ten lullocks, and implements. Meosrs. IL. I -cPherson and Co. will also offer for sale three allot mnuts in the township of Iierang. The Rev E. II. Scott is announced to deliver the first of a course oflectures on Baptism, at the Clurch of England on Suidaymorning next. The attention of owners of mares is directed to the advertisements appearing in our stud column in to-day issue. The ofthicial notification of the annual shire election appears elsewhere. in another colnmn tenders are inv-itonil for snnplying the Government Departmet "at Kerang with fiuel; also for erecting a Congrsegational parsonage at Cohnuns. 