FOXGLOVE MANOR. By Robert Buchanan Meantime, our domestic life goei on with chtras- tirUtic monoL n j, We hare no quarreU, tad no ccofidences. We eat, drink,- and sleep like com. fortable vtedded people. The greater part of mr day ii spent erooog my books ; tbe greater part of bets in aimple demevtin dnti-s, in mu-ic, in waa- derings abtut tie grdens. Sue seldom Tiviti in ; the parish now ; but ihe p'.or come to heron 1 , rated days, a-.d she i-, aa ever, aba 'i table. At Jeait once «v«ry Sunday ebe goea to churcb. A sombre, inl-ry state of tbe atmosphere, with gathering lhund> r I December 20,-1 have been reading to-day Naquet's curiou pamphlet on " Divorce," a sub ject which is jn-t now greatly exercising oar neighbour, at rose tbe Channel, This itudy, com bined with th t of two new attempts in Zolaese (which a French friend has been good CLoogh to' end me), has left me with a certain sense of naotea, Gr doa ly, but surely, I am afraid, I am losing that tine Br tisb faith in thsfemiain ideal, which was amoug tbe legacies left mo by a per fect mother, It is dawning upon me, at middle age, as it dawns upon a Parisian at twenty -one, that women are, at b->st, only the high'st, or among tbe higtiest, of animals, aud thU sani tary precautions of the State must be taken — to keep tbem c'eanly. It is this discovery which, perpetrated in Art, makes the whole literature of the Fecond Empire ao repulsive to no English Philistine. " And imell so — fangh !" are the days of chivalry, then over ? Is tbe ideal of pure maidenhood, of p-rfect womanhood, utterly O'er- thrown ? Is tec modern woman — not Imogen, Portia, not the lily maid of Ascolat, not Rornola, not even Helen Pc-deDnisf — but Thessalina, Lucretia — nay, even Beriha Boa gen, or tbe shamole haunting wife of Clande, or the noieable Madame Bovary I 8urely, surely there cannot be all this litirary smoke without some Utile social lire, TbAck God, tbere'ore, that the wiie Republio has taken to tbe drastic remedy of crushing those vipers, the Christina prients, and of abolishing the solemn farce of ti e mariiageceremony. Marriage is a simple conir-ct, not an arrangement made in heaven ; it is social and sanitary, not religious and ideal ; aud when any of the oooditiona are broken by either of the contracting parties, the contract is at an end. Y es, I suppos- it is so ; I suppose that women are not angels, and that married life is an arrange- , mtnt. And yet how much sweeter was thtt old- iosh oned belief wtiich pictured the wedded life as a diviDe communion of souls, a golden ladder beginning at thi alttr, and reaching — through maoy dark shadows, pcrbans, but surely reaching — up to heaven Ah, my hymeneal Jacob's Ltd- der, with angel- lor uvcr descending aud ascending, you have vanir-lnd from ths w..r:d, with Noah's Dove of Peace, and C'bri.t's Rainbow of Promise ! All faith, have gone, and the faith in Love is the lift 10 go. I find that I am philosophising— prosing, in tber words— imtend of setting down events a, tbey occur. Bu 1 , indeed, there are do events to set dowD. I am in tbe position of the needy knife- grinder of the Ami- Jacobin : Story, Qod ai-et you, I hivg song to tall, air. Bo, to cate my mind, 1 pour out my bile on paper. December 21. — I have made a d «covcry. Dar ing the last few d«>s my wifo and Sautley have betn in corre.oenaence. At any r.te, he has writ ten to her ; and i suspect she has replied. ISaptisto has been my informant. Despite my command that he should cease to pi >y the Bpy, he has persis'ed in keeping his oyss and ears open, and has managed to convey to mo, in one way or another, exactly what ho baa seen or heard. This morning, when hanging about the lodge (still fascinated, I suspect, by tbe little widow), he discovertd that there was a letter there addies'ed to bis mLtreas, and be asked me, quite iancctntly, if he thould fetch and take it to her. 1 Bhowed no ein of anger or surprise, bat bade him mind hi owo business. In the forenoon, I saw Ellen emerg- from tbe house, and stroll care lessly in the direction of the lodge gate,. I fol lowed her at a di-Unci, and saw her enter tbe lodge, and em-rge directly afterwards with a letter, which sbe read has ily and thrust intu her busim. When the returned up tbe avenue, I waa stand ing outside my den. waiting for her. She came up smiling, with hor air of perfect innocence. Wrapped from head to foot in furs, and weaiiog the prettiest of fur otps a la Rus-e, she looked ber very best and brightest. The sun was shining clear y on the snow, and, as she came, ihe left soft footprints behind her. "What is my B-ar duing,"shu cried, "out in the told, and without his great coat, ton !" "The day looked so bright that I wis tempted out. Where h.ve you been!" " Only for a little etro'l," she replied, " it u so pleasant oat of doors. By-the-by, de-r, they are ikating down on itmberley Pnnd. I think I shall drive over. Will you coma f" " Not to-day, Nell." Ehe did not look sorry, I thought, at my re- fcsal. "Is there a party f " I asked carelessly, " I don't know, but I heard the Armstrongs were going, and some of the people from the Abbey." " Aod Mr Bantl.y, I suppose ? " Shu fleshed slightly, but answered without hesitation — "Perhaps he will be there ; but I neel not speak to him, if you forbid it. I will stay at heme if you wish it, dear. ' I don't wish it," I said. " Go and amuse your self." " Won't yon come ? " she murmured, hesi tating. I shook my head, and turned back to ray den. Bhe looked after me and sighed ; then walked slowly towards the house. What a sullen beast she must have thought me ! But I was irritated beyond measure by what I had seen at the lodge. Not a word of t -e letter! Half an bourafterwards I saw tbe pony carriage waiting for her, and presently ahe drove off, lookiog, (as 1 thought) bright and happy enough. No sooner had ahe gone than I was mad with my self for not having accompanied her. Was it a rendezvous 1 H.i1 she gone, of set purpose, to meet him f I cursed my stupidity, my sullenness. At a word from me she wouid nave remained. I had almost made up my mind to walk over, when in came Baptisto. He was wrapped up to the chin in an old travelling cloak, and bis nose was blue " Have you any message in the village, senor f " he asked. 1 am going there." 1 oould not resist the temptation, though I hated myse'f f r retting a spy upon ber. "No, I hare no message. Stay, though I While you are 'hero, past by the skating-pond, and see if any i f our friends are there." He understood me perfectly, and went away, well satisfied a< tbe commission. Mora and more, as the days go on, the ra.cal intrudes himself into my confidence, with silent looks of Bympatby, dumb signs of divo'ion. He says nothing, but his looks are ever significant. Somstimss I Ioug, in my irritation, t > g-t rid of him for ever ; but no,l may find bin uBefal. I know he would gi through fire acd water for my sake. In about two hours ho returned with his report. " Well ?" 1 s id, Bcowling at him, " The pond is covered, senor, with gentlemen and ladies. His lordship is there, and tbey are very gay. It is pretty to se them gliding about the ice, the ladies and the gentlemen hand in hand. Sometimes the indies slip, and the gentle men catch them in their arm, and then all laugh? It is a pity that you are not there ; you would be amus- d." " Is this all you hare to tell me ?" "Yes, senor, 'ic-pt that my mistress is among them. She bade me tell you " "Yeal yea I" " That ahe was enjoying herself so much, and would not he home lor lunch." He stood with heid bent gently, respoctfal and submissive, but l>is face wors the expression which had often irritated me before — an expression which Baid, as piaio-y as words, "How fat will Jcu let them gof Cannot you perceive whit is going on I . It is no affair of mioe, bat is it pos sible that you will endure so much aod so long I" I read all this- 1 e -y, in the fellow's face. Very well," 1 said sternly, dismissing him with a wave of the hand. He went linperiugly, knowing I would becirtain to call him back. As I did. "Wbb Mr Bantley t"ere ?" Iiaptiato smiled — darkly, malignantly. " Oh yes, ecnor, of course !" I could have .truck bim. Damn him ! <o s be think I am already ornt- mented, like Falstaff, with an ugly pair of horns ! I Bhall have to git rid of him, after all. He saw the expression o-i my face, and waa g >ne in a me- ment ; but he had le't hi poison to work. AH the d=vil was awake within ms. I could not work. I o->old not rea", I oould u»t rest in any place. When the lunch- bell sounded, I went in, and drank a couple of glioses of wine, but ate nothing. Tnen for root hours I flitied snout ii k a ghost, from room to room, from tha haate to the laboratory, upstairs and down. I went into ber boudoir. The rosy curtain were drawn, aod the air w,« still swe-t wi'h perfumes, witn the very breath of her bod v. I am afraid I wu mean enough to play tbe spy — to open drawers, to look ; into ber work-basket ; nay, I even Went ,o far as j to inspect ber ward- obv, and examine the pocket of tbe dresashehod worn that morning. . 1 w-nted that letter. If I could have found tt, snd read in it any con firmation of my susutcion, I would have taken instant action. But I cou d nnt find it. - In tbe drawer of the worktable, however, I found something. A sheet of paper, carefully folded up. I opened it, and found it covered with writing in a man's hand. At the top was written — " I think these are tbe verfca you wanted f I have tra- aortbrd ihtm for yon. — C.S." The verses followed — some twadd.'e about the me-tinz in heavn ot th ree who have liTed on earth ; wi'h incredible iratgee of cherubs sitting on clc-uds (blowing their own trumpets, I suppose, with angelic self-satisfac tion) ; desoriotiocs of impossible habitation, with Toofs of gold sod silver, and inspired rhjtnts of "love" and "dove," "eyes" and "paradise." The paper was the pmkeet of pinks, and d-.licately perfumed ; the writing beautiful, with ethereal curves aod upsweeps, exquisite .pancuation, and a liberal supply of poin's of exclamation. I put tbe rubbiso back in its place, It had obviously b-en lying there for some time, and w.s not it all the sort of document of whioh I was in search. So 1 quittrd the boudoir, not much wiser than when 1 entered it, and resumid my une.sy rambling, about tbe house. About 4 in the afternoon I heard wheels coming up the avenue. 1 looked out, and was just in time to see tbe pony oarriage pass. What waa my amazement, however, when 1 beheld, calmly driving the carriage, wi'h my wife seated at his side, the clergyman hitmclf. My bead went round, and I felt positively blood thirsty. Seizing ray hat, 1 hastened round, and arrived just a, tan thy was carrying E'.lea up the steps ioto the house. Yts, actually cartying ber in hie arms I I could scarcely believe my eyes ; but, coming up clus, I eaw that she was ghastly pair, and that something unusual must have oc curred. He bad placed her on a chair in ths lobby, and was bending over her ju-t as I followed, i am afraid that tho expression of my face was sinister and agitated enough ; 1 stood glariog at the two, like ODe gasping for braaib. " Don't bo alarmed," he said, mee'ing my eves. " There has been a slight accident, that ij all. Mrs llaldace slipped on the ice, and, falling, sprained her ancle." Ellen, who seemed in great pain, lo-ked up at me with a be-eecuing expression ; for she, at least, read mystispiciin in my f«cj. "It was so stupid of met" she murmured, forcing a faint smile, and re tching out her hand. " 1 could not come borne alone — I was in such pain — and Mr Santley kindly voluntered to briog mr." What could 1 do ? I conid not knock a man down for having performed what appealed a simple act of courtesy. I could not exhibit any anger, without looking like an idiot or a bxir. Santley had merely done what any other gentle man would h.ve done under tbe circumstances. For all that, I bad an uneasy sense of being bum- bugged. " Let me look at your foot," I said gruffly. Ste pushed it from undomes'h her dress. The bcot bad been takrn iff', aod a wbi'.e silk bandkerobief tightly wrapped abjut tho ankle. " Mr Santley bound it up," ehe explained. I tooktle foot in my hand, and in my lecnt fury I think I was a little rough, for sheutteied a cry. " Take care ! " cried the clergjm in. " It is very tender." I locked up at him with a scowl, but sild nothing. " Shall I carry you ioto the drawing-room f " ho said, with tender solicitude, "No; I am better now, and George will give me his arm. I'roy do not stay." She roie with difficulty, and, resting all her weight upon her left fvot, leant upon me. la th s manner ehe managed to limp into the drawing, loom, end to place herself upon a conch. Her pallor stiil continued, an i I felt sorry, for Ih.te to see a woman suffer. B»ntley, who had followed ub, and was watching hor wiih extraordinary sym pathy, now tent foitly over her. " Are yon still in pain f " he murmured. " A. little ; but " " Shall I send Doctor Phillip, over! I shall bo passing the surgvryon my way back, if he iinot at home I will procure some remedies, and bring them on myself." Here 1 interposed. " Pray do not tiouble yourself," I said, with a sneer. "A sprained ankle is a trifle, and I can attend to it. Unless my wife is in need of reli gious ministration, you need not remain." I stoke brutally, as I felt ; and, mee'ing the man's pale, sad, astonished gaze, 1 became secretly humiliated. A husband, 1 perceive, is a ridiculous aDimtl, and alwayB at a disadvantage. I begiu to understand how the poets, from Molicue down wards. have made married men their shuttlecocks. A jealous lover has dignity; a jealous husk.ind, none. Nobody sympathises with my lord of Ri mini, while all tbe world weeps for Lancelot and Krancesca, Even Fold, ere he turns the tables on Sir John, pores ai an ass. All the right wai on my ride, all the offended dignity, all the outraged honesty; yet somehow I felt, at that moment, like an ill-conditioned our. "I am not bore In a religious oapiclty," he re plied courteously, "so your rncer is hardly fair. However, sinae 1 can be of no farther service, 1 will go." Be turned loftly to Ellen, holding oat his hand. "Good-bye. I hope you will be better to-mor row," " Good-bye, and thank you," she replied. " It was so good of you to bring me home." And AO. with m. n.inrfonna hnnr In mi> T returned with a nod, he rotired victoriously. Ye:, he bad tbo best ol it for tho time being. For some minute: after be left, and whi c the s:ent of his peifum'd handkerchi.f still filled the air, I stood moodily waiting. At last Kllen spoke. " 1 hope you are not angry. What cuuld I do ! I could nut come homo in such pain, and do one else offered to escort me.". " 1 did not ask you to excuse yourself," I said coldly. 1 saw tho tears standing in her .eyes. Her voice tiembled as ehe murmured — " 1 did not think you culd have been so un kind I" As 1 did not answer, sbe oontinued — " Of late yon have not bsen liko yourself. You used to trust me ; we used to be so happy I If this is to go on, we had better separsto ; it mak.s my life a misery." Ste bBd touched the wrong chord, if ahethought to move my pity. My jealous brain was at w irk at once. Sbo was thinking of a separation, then ? Firhaps she wished it; and pirliaps the true reason was her love for that man f 1 spoke out in tbe beat of tho moment — " If you wish to separate, it can be arranged." Sbe looked at me so pleadingly, so piteous! y, that 1 had to turn my eyes away. In encounters this kind tbe man has no cbance against the woman, especially if he is m gnnimous, What are all bis arguments, all bis indignation, against hor battery of wo-ful looks, he' p3-udo-innocence, and real helplessness f One f-els like a coward, too, in such an encounter. I din, I know. Nevcrtheltss, 1 was ready to give her the coup de grace. " fihow me that letter," I said suddenly, " What letter?" she asked, as if she did not com prehend, "The litter you received from that man this morning." For a moment her cheeks went scarlet, then be came deadly pale again. " Fray do not attempt any subterfuge," I con tinued, " I know that you have been in corres pondence. Where is that last letter f 1 demand to see it." She replied without hesitation. " You cannot see it," » Why f " "Because I hare burned it," At this admission I lost my aelf-command, ar.d uttered an execration. " There was nothing in it," ehe said sorrowfully ; "it was a mere request fur an interview. Y.u have no right to be eo violent." " No right, woman 1" I cried. (To be Continued.) 