D Bit BY DAY TOILETS. (Methmatw Argut) And now concerning Saturday's display of dresses, it may be justly said that reaction has set in after a period of exaggeration. Twelve months ago we were in the midst of crinoline and crinolettc, with a t-^'fflt^ripd ex pansion of both to unknown dimensions. But it was not to be. The dead set made against the hideous pair snuffed them completely out, and the result is tout good taste and refined style reign almost supreme. Wisdom in re gard to dressing is contageous, and the ** world that dresses is fairly realising that appropriateness of material and colour and much more than mere costliness. A magni ficent toilette is always easily within the reach of a woman with plenty of means, but, as far as good taste goes, may have to yield the palm in point of positive worth to a mnch simpler costume. She who knows how to adapt her material to suit her style, the way it should be made up, and the kind and quality of drapery and trimming it will carry, even though her mp^ns are very much smaller than her more fortunate sisters, is in good truth a richer woman than ehe whose bank balance is unlimited, bat whose ideas are few and far between. A witty Frenchman has said that 'angels would cease to be adorable if their draperies were disarranged or their aureoles crooked,' and our everyday angels, if dad in ill-fitting gowns or unbecoming bounete, certainly cease to be admirable. The plainest woman in the world, if dressed becomingly and her serial chaputu properly arranged, is wonder fully attractive to the average man, and be it remembered that ' long, lone ago,' before the aesthete was even dreamt of, man expressed his admiration for well-fitting gowns and suitable headgear. He wrote of ??* cool trm-alti-m ' and *' 3 n * '7 m^rrtig silks M and *' rMnpinp stufis,' and though older y'^ wiser now, he still him warm words of admiration for charming dresses, and he loves to praise them and the wearer when in harmony. With out altogether agreeing with the cynic who said that 'he would sooner believe in the truthfulness of a woman who never made an eiror in her -j rpftC'np^an 'nth^tft^ one who was inclined to neglect the vanities of her toilette,' it most be admitted that women themselves very often take the general outward appear ance of one of their own aex as a distinguish ing mark of the bent of her mind for good or evfl. Even in the small matter of hair dressing what a world of character its style can wear their locks in any way they please, but they must not forget their duty to their neighbour. Some thought must be taken on the score of effect. For instance, why should a woman wear her front hair dragged off her face untO one thinks how dreadfully it must trimmings ? As a consequence she looks as if alie had just returned from an interview with the family ghost instead of her lady's maid, and wonders why ' everybody stares so at her.' It should always be remembered that accord as the perfume of the violet — delicate without being overwhelming. All the masters say, ' study effects from nature,' and in the matter of personal adornment womankind would do well to lay this suggestion to heart, and to act up to it. Nature never puts the gives the luxurious odour of the rose to the white sflintlin**-1^ of the lily. As regards bonnets and hats, there were changes to be noticed, but they were chiefly moduicatioub of styles that have had the seal of becominguess set upon them in the past. The novelties in outline were very few, and those were chiefly ogly. Time was when a summer bonnet meant a straw bonnet of some kind or other, and it was looked on as ' bad form ' to wear anything else. But that old fashioned idea has been buried long ago. At the present day there art as many materials for the composition of headdresses as there a.ni for gowns, and if any woman enn discover or invent any material, from lace to leather, that will have the effect of making her look more bewitching, abe at once drops it, and defies the mandates of fashion. Chnj^nnx were present on Saturday in all varieties, net and tulle being amongst the priotn paj matcri:*ls. Then there were all coIoqtb in rrvjf and ni'll( bosketwork, chenille India silks, and straw. The cr*7*- bonnets ajc easily made, and usually most becoming. All styles looked well, in this material, but the o\\-al outlines looked as generally of velvet, a darker colour being usually selected by way of contrast. Pom pons, aigrettes, lace, flowers, fruit, or any trimmings were wnnfll jp ajgp hut many were clustered together. Grasses and weeds, ad mirably reproduced, mingled in admired dis order, the idea intended to convey being that they liad just been plucked. Vegetable trimming was Bcarce, and in one instance the effect was a failure, a cluster of walnuts on a hat looking, at a little distance, for all the world like a root of potatoes just dug from the ground. In another instaTif*- mushrooms mixed with foliage appeared decidedly heavy, and not in the least ornamental. One or two Leghorn hats were noticeable. They were of very .fine quality, and certainly Looked unaf fectcdandnovel;theamoantof trimming seemed to be at the discretion and taste of the wearers. One of these hats was trimmed with rose-coloured mull and a wreath of wild roses ; just under the brim was placed a rich looking butterfly, nestling in some of the soft lace with which it was lined. G roans were marked by simplicity of style, and shades and colours were more than usually varied and delicate. Cotton materials were very much worn. Costumes composed of lace and cashmere, or nun's veile and lace, were very popular. Chenille tufted veilings were amongst the novelties, and helped to farm artistic combinations, pleated or flat skirts were most popular. Many were quite plain, or with a 'fishwife tunic,' looped under ingf^-H of being turned over. Km broidered cambrics and nesting were plenti ful1 also printed delaines in cool shades, used in comination with shot «Hlr or ficelle lace Terry velvet and shot silk were also much used for waistcoats and 'kangaroo pouches.' Jersey bodices were very popular, especially those ornamented with gold braid. They were very effective with all kinds of skirts, and were particularly so on good figures. 