THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. Br J. IL A SPIRITUALIST EXPERIENCE NIGHT. Carlyle's heroes were all strong men, and of Goethe, perhaps the strongest, he has written, "for he has not only suffered and mourned in bitter agony under the spiritual perplexities of his time, but he has also mastered these, he is above them, and has shown others how to rise above them." Goethe, having shaken himself free from the beliefs and traditions of his fathers, could go on serenely, with glad, pagan openness, to all the joy and fullness of nature, and do the work appointed him, and live a life as free from cark and care as that of the Gods of Epicurus. But most of as are not strong men, and from the cradle to the grave we demand something stronger than ourselves to lean upon. It is, therefore, only natural that for the large number ot people who have, during the present generation, parted com pany with Christianity, the leading want has long been—a religion. In the spiritual, as in the commercial world, the demand invariably induces the supply, and religions have been ac cordingly supplied to suit all tastes. M.Comte, the hierophant of Positivism, gave us the cult of the Grand Etre, or idealised humanity, and by many this was regarded as fulfilling all legitimate desires for religious pabulum and refreshment But many worthy souls on the British side of the Channel, while tolerating French cookery and fashions, looked askance at "the latest thing in re ligions" from Paris, and still went hungering for spiritual food. For these Mr. Matthew Arnold endeavoured to minister, and he evolved from his inner consciousness a mysterious "Eternal not ourselves that maketh for righteousness." For a short space it was felt that only your Philistine could wish for anything more definite or concrete, but, one by one, the few believers who shivered at the icy shrine fell away from grace, and now it is left desolate, with none so poor as to do it reverence. I don't think Mr. Herbert Spencer expects anybody to build much religion out of his " Unknowable First Cause," and I for one feel obliged to him for being so considerate. Mr. Arnold's temple was chilly, but, compared with Mr. Spencer, the apostle of sweetness and light is a rapt, perfervid prophet, preaching a comparatively anthropomorphic god. All these attempts were made on the higher planes of thought and life, but the gospel of spiritualism, was from the first de livered to and " understanded of the people," It was welcomed by many with exceeding great joy, as the harbinger of a brighter day. and its messages from the departed, who had passed into " the summer land, were re garded as blessed pledges that " He lives, he wakes—'tis Death is dead, not he: Mourn not for Adonais. Thou, young Dawn. 'luwe who, lost in stormy visions, keep With phwtotns an unprofitable strife, . ^fe»P-W,,b0Ul^taU' Like the other attempts to replace the old fashioned beliefs of our fathers, however. the first a fatal attraction for knaves nad dupes. And if it proved anything from the utterances of the departed it was this, that in the "summer land their mental powers had suffered a woeful deterioration. In fact, to use Carlyle's phrase, the spirits had a capacity for talking "clotted nonsense," which fairly defied mundane competition. When I visited the Freemasons - hall in Lonsdale street one Sunday evening about four years ago, the place was filled with a large audience composed mainly of devoted adherents of the latest cult. I was on that occasion more amused than edified, but I came away with the impression that the people were in earnest, and that they were sure their their cause had a future before it Since then, however, another peculiarity of spiritual ism has had time to develope itself, and that is its capacity for turning anxious in quirers into blank atheists. Worthy people who entered the hall to find comfortable as surances of the immortality of the soul have, after a longer or shorter acquaintance with the spirits, renounced their fellowship, have become doubters and sceptics, and have finally gone over to the ribald jesters who de clare that the denizens of the " summer land" are as mythical as Sairey Gamp's friend Mrs. Harris. A week or two ago, having a Sunday even ing to spare, I paid the place a second visit, I and I was painfully impressed with the falling off in numbers and enthusiasm. The hall was only half filled, and the meeting-place seemed shabbier and dingier than of yore. The audience was mainly composed of middle-aged people, women being in the as cendant, and it seemed to belong to the lower middle or shop-keeping class. A chair on the platform at the far end of the hall was occu pied by a ruddy, pleasant-faced man, whose looks were in marked contrast with those of the speaker who was addressing the meeting when 1 took my seat The proceedings that night were to be confined to relating experiences, and those of the speaker seemed certainly of the strangest and most mournful nature. He was a short, pale-faced, young man, with a good deal of intelligence in his rugged Welsh features. He was not a fluent speaker, but his quiet, deliberate tones suited the sub ject, and the audience hung upon his words as if they were sweeter than honey from the comb. He told us that, some years ago, when residing in South Wales, he was a member of a spiritualist " circle," which was wont to spend its Sundays and holidays in country excursions to the ruins of ancient castles and the sites of old- world battle-fields. He was somewhat hazy about his chronology, and would say ever and anon, " This happened between two and three hundred years ago— in the dark ages." He was also somewhat " mixed" in his ethnology, and spoke with charming vagueness of the ancient inhabi tants of the land as " the Romans, the Nor mans, the Britons, and other ancient tribes." But with these qualifications his address was alarmingly clear and direct Thus he told us that with the " medium " and the " control," i.e., the invisible spirit who is the mediums " familiar," he had visited a real " dungeon " beneath a real " castle moat," and had held converse by the agency of the medium and the control with the spirits of men who had long ages ago been murdered there. He spoke of the ghostly intercourse in the same matter-of-fact way that you, dear reader, or I would narrate our last interview with Jones or Robinson in Collins-street. The people around me seemed to derive solace and re freshment from his words.bntI felt eerie, and at times what children term "the creeps " would come over me, and the lights would appear to become darkened, and from the green curtain behind him I could fancy white spirit hands plncking at the speaker. This comes from being born north of the Tweed, and from having an old Highland nurse who used to render night hideous and terrible by tales of Brownies and Warlocks and other uncanny folk. But to return, not to our moutons, but to our spirits, the following may be given as samples of the speaker's experiences daring those weird summer excursions. In the dungeon the "control" brought the spirits of the murdered departed into contact with the medium, who thereupon exhibited all the signs of a violent death. The medium gladly endured the mental and bodily wear and tear of such proceedings by the blessed conscious ness that only through this " contact" could the spirits for the first time learn that they were really dead, and were really in Spirit Land. This was something for a medium to live for. Hitherto the ghosts of the de parted had imagined themselves to be im prisoned in the flesh in " the dungeon beneath the castle moat" They were what our friend called " unprogressive spirits, inhabiting a sort of borderland between this and the spirit world." Bands of guardian spirits, who had "since the dark ages of two or.three hundred 'years ago" watched over them and in vain striven to make them be lieve that they were dead, now lead them away to what the speaker termed " progres sive homes." The guardians could not do it till the " control" and the " medium" ap peared upon the scene, and in this lay the latter's blessedness and power. In another " dungeon" the jailor of the captive spirits, who also was not aware that he was dead, re proached the medium in no measured terms tor allowing his prisoners to escape " to the progressive homes." He said he had had a dream in which he was beheaded for allowing them to escape, but the control informed the medium that the dream was reality, and it was comforting to know that he would rejoin his captives "in the progressive homes." On crossing the sites of ancient battlefields, the control would often put the jn contact with the spirits of the slain, and the usual symptoms of death by violence would be exhibited. On one occasion one of the spirits resented the presence of the speaker. He had no objec tion to the medium, put he drew the line there, and ''becoming violent, he asked him what right I had to be present The medium —p w -wwwhiwvxl/ wuswot SVipMWH the spirit followed them home, and only driven away when a proper otnc was formed at the domestic hearth. I gave us a cheerful narrative of the reoo ciliation of two other " unprogressive spirits who, by means of the medium, where also 1< away by rejoicing guardian heads' to ti "progressivehomes. It wpuld seem tin in life they had quarrelled over certain fial ing rights, and the result was the murder > one of the litigants by,the other. Xl victim who was slain and the criminal who wi hanged, like let avtrft, were not aware tin they were dead, and they spent their time i "nagging each other/' and making ther selves .mutually uncomfortable. It was. i say the least, therefore, fortunate for the that our friend, the control, and the madid came upon them before they came to blow* "in the little strip of border land, between this and the spirit world."The large lesson the speaker inculcated from his experiences was tuis, that the presence of these, low "unpro gressive spirits " around the haunts of jbbe earth life acted as a serious hindrance to the progress of the human race,and that he w his friends, the metUum.and tiie poiitec were doing a high and noble work by libera ting them and permitting themrardil hands .to lead tbiro *wajr to ' jwpgti! aive homea. They devoted- iw(t i.!| three Bummers to the found it better to tura\Ke/e -- another direction, and we sW^ Um into sions." ConBiderine that thmd^e^! few unprogressive bodies, as wrfure DoU living.around the med& m Uns work-a-day world, Itoink'V^ trola" Bhowed more nrw^o«i «»• than one would have expected f?0* ^ There is no ac^untbg ?ot ^£"1^ had been in a country so rich i».''■ ->ut d 1 not the gloomy dungeons andtheftitia gressive denizens Ishould have The tawny sands and shelves " where " Trip the pert fairies and the dapper elves. The next speaker was a tall fair young man, better educated, and beIomH„ yo:a& Gently to a higher Acff ££"8 «• other. He had been an intimate of the celebrated medium, Mr. Slade. and had even occupied the same bed with that gentle- man, in order to test his powers while asleep. The tele he uric® L, f»e gloomy than that of the WelshnX S quite as wonderful. He had been ftS with a shower of shirt collars, which lS been spirited out of a locked wardrobe if hod Been six pockethandkerchiefa through a solid deal door, he had 2 spirit photographs, one of a little babv S! another of a young man with a moustache and his hair parted in the middle- tbeE evidently a spirit "masher." He also was eloquent about a materialised little black spirit called Poko. Poko, on one occasion was instrumental in taking impressions of materialised hands in wax, and attbeendo the operation informed the circle that "there were lots of materialised thumbs, but no more wax." The audience laughed here, and evidently considered the thumbs flitt™ about in vain quest of wax a good joke. After the young man sat down, the chair, man informed the andience that the lecture on the following Sunday evening would be "On the Gospel of Filth," and one dingy faced man said " Hear, hear," as if he knew a good deal about the subject A little man in spectacles, with a thick shock of hair standing on end as if from a recent fright, told us that he was a searcher for truth, and he had found it one evening in a little " circle" at Brighton The spirits then re vealed the sum he had in his pocket, viz. & 6d.. by six; hard table raps for the shilling) and a little one for the sixpence. A friend of his bad in like manner been apprised of tbe number of threepenny bits of which he via possessed, but was stUl inclined to be doubt ful regarding the spirits and their works. A dark mysterious-looking man in an ulster gave us, with considerable dramatic power, bis experiences with floating musical-boxes and iron rings, the former set going by invisible panda, and the latter elipt over the arm of a persistent sceptic by spirit agency. A fashionably-dressed lady, who, I was given to understand, was " Mrs. P , die celebrated medium, was the next to mount the platform, and she told us of what glorious things spiritualism had done for bet * twenty-five years ago, when I arrived in New Tork, with a life ruined, without hope, and unutterably miserable." Tbe lady was evidently a practised public speaker, and a naturally sonorous voice was rendered sUU more imposing by a slight Irish brogue She told us of a " scapegrace brotber-roguar ne'er-do-well, you know" who had gone downstairs—died," and who appeared to his by-no-means-inconsolable friends, in circle assembled," to inform them that he was safe in the summer land. His language even here, however, betrayed symptoms of the forcibleness which must have chase tensed it on earth, for he said, a little reproachfully, "So, I have not gone to blazes, you see. Though you thought I would, because you couldn't stuff your orthodox rubbish down my throat" She acknowledged with sadness that although the cause had been before the world for 36 years it had not prospered as it deserved, and demanded " What have you done with your facte, what have you done with yon mediums? You have dragged them through the dirt. Sensitive mediums, instead of being kept elegantly apart from the sordid world, have been neglected—and why t For money] Wealthy men shculd build colleges to teach and develope the mediums, but they won't— and why? For money!" She was very stout upon the duty of investigating whatshecalka " the facts" of spiritualism, and was of opinion that " the tools who do not investi gate are not worth thinking shout" 1 was getting a little tired when the last Bpeaker commenced, and her vigour and volubility were very welcome. But all traces of dullness banished, like night at toe coming of the dawn, when the little man iron Brighton rose again and said, "I toidyoui was seeking for truth, and when I ,saw toe lady get up and heard her speak I felt as if she could help me to find it (Cheers.) 1 feel there is a strong sympathetic cord Be tween her and me, that binds me to net (Laughter.) I don't see that there is W thing to laugh at, if others do; and if it« convenient I would be clad to sit at W circle with the lady." (Cheers, andreneaea man behind me, amid Borne confusi®J here said—"Mr. Chairman, it do seem how that this gentleman—the sympathy he speaks about—might be looked upon in two ways. No doubt he means honourable, but the cord- ~ uio liofttwioi j>uw levuuct « ing tbe brethren to attend the aid of toe lyoeum-a ldnd ofSrm^—. in which the little spiritualists are n ^^e ^rroeedings were here be for them ted for me cndjl«J ^ soul «ay to the ; Lord, and Master <* Be thou alone my guide, (^ t will foUertewt#»jBfito J$8a 