Good Spirits and Bad. To ßhow the kind of roading thought suitable for German children, tho following story is translated from that languago :- ' I Onco upon a time there lived in Hungary, on tho I shores of a lake, a boy and a girl. There was a great wood all round tho lako, and they lived between tho j wood and tho lake. Tho boy's namo was Fritz, and ' the girl's name Vera. Their mother and father had died when they were young, and loft them to the care of thomselvoH. It was not very hard to get food, as I there wa3 plenty of berries and fruit growing in tho wood, and fish in tho lako. They woro all alone, and no ono could como through tho wood, some parts of which woro enchanted. Many unfortunate Knights had tried to como, hut had always disappeared, no ono knew where ; but it was supposed thoy had been seized and carried off by a wicked magician who lived there is his castle Whoro Fritz and Vora lived there wero no goblins and ghosts, except good onoa, aa Fritz's father had cast a magic Snell over their part of tho wood and they were able to live in peace.- The evil spirits had tried to break the magic spell which had been thrown over the children, but never could. They revonged themselves, when they found that they could not break the spell, by seizing all mortals who came in their part of the wood, though thoy conld not always kill them. Ono doy Fritz went ont to got wood. It waB a lovely day, though cold. Fritz got a good load of wood, but he thought ho would not go home just yet, but take a little walk on his own account. So ho put down his wood under a tree, marked the tree, and then went on. Ho had gone a good way, and was thinking of turning home, when ho heard a sound of sobbing. Fritz wondered what it was, and thought ho would go and soe. So ho grasped his axo firmly in bis hand, and advanced, cautiously. There, sitting on tho ground, with her face in her handp, was a Soung girl, weeping. She lifted her head when she eard Fritz, and he Raw that she was very beautiful. " What's tho matter ?" asked Fritz. "Oh!" said tho girl, "I have lost all my goats. They were feeding on tho mountains, and something frightened them away into tbis forest. I followed thom hore, and now I havo lost my way.". "Can I help you?" asked Fritz. " Yes ; if you will come with me out of this wood I should bo very glad. It is a good distance, but it ia early yet." They had walkod a good way without speaking, when Fritz said, " Vf o aro noar your cottage now, aren't wo ?" and turned round to her. But she had disappeared. " Why, whoro has sho gono, I wonder?" said Fritz in surprise. " I never saw her go. " Then tho thought flashed across his mind that she was a Bpirit, and had boen sent to bring him into tho enchanted part of tho forest. " Well, said he to himself, this is a nice stato of things Í How am I to get home, I wonder ? Well, I suppose I may as well start and try to get home aa quick as as I can," so ho picked up his axe and started. Suddenly ho heard strango unearthly noises. He looked up, aud saw hundreds and thousands of littlo white goblins dancing round him. He struok nt them with his axe, but they all vanished, and he hoard thom laughing a good distance away. Then ho heard a rustling sound close to him. He looked round and saw a great tall spirit. "Who are you?" Fritz asked. "I have como to help you," answered tho spirit. " I am ono of tho good fairies that live in tho wood. My family aro nearly extinct in this part of tho world, owing to the magician having banished us for having holped poor people who got lost here ; but there-arc still a good maiiy of us on tho other side." Fritz was rather doubtful ar* to whether this wa? I really a good spirit, as he had boen mistaken once, So ho asked him some charm questions which none but tho good spirits could say. The spirit answered I thom correctly, and Fritz was sure then. Fritz askec him where tho magician lived. I " We are near his castle now," said tho spirit. I Then ho went on tolling him that tho magician hac all the mortals that ho had not killed shut up in th< castle in tho form of birds and beasts of prey. H< had taken all the gold and troasnres thoy had. Fritz asked if tho troasures could bo got ut. , "Yoe," answered tho spirit; "but it would b< j very hard. Nothing oould be done without th< charms." " But," said Fritz, " wo could get all tho channa i wo got all the good spirits to help us, couldn't we ?" " Wo have been trying a long timo," answered tin spirit, " but wo could not do it without a mortal t< help us." 1 Well," said Fritz, " I would like to release tin prisoners if you will help mo ?" "Very well,'1 tho spirit said; "wo wiD como to morrow." Thoy wero uear the cottage now, so Fritz said tha tho spirit could go, thanking him for IÜB kindness. "Oh, no! that's nothing," said tho spirit; "wi Would gladly have helped any mortal that needed ou protection, but we could not, and we could not alway bo there." Meanwhile Vera was very frightened, and wa thinking that something muRt have happened t Fritz, so when ho came homo sho was very glad Fritz told her all, where he had been, and e veryfching and they had tea. Tlio next day Fritz wont to tho border of the eu chanted forest to wait for the spirit. There he na> an enormously-great hideously ugly mon with a loni b'oard and great staring «yes. His mouth was Open and he waa mashing his teeth, with rage. Fritz's heart sank, for it waa tho groat magician himself. *' So yon aro here, -my fine fellow, " the magician said chuckling ; " I have you at last. Now, you have to como along, and I am going to kill you. ' ' "Oh, ¿no," said Fitz, "you are not going to get me so quick,' ' and he made a ont at him with his axe ; to his surprise tho axe went right through the magician without hurting him, and he sud denly turned round and grafled hold of him. The next thing that Fritz knew, the magician wan holding him by tho hair and flying through the air with him. Presently he stopped and put Fritz down, and took out an enormous knifo or scythe, for it looked moro liko tho laatnamed article than a knife, and was just going to kill him, when auddenly the spirit, along with somo other spirits, came and rushed up and took away the magician's knife, and took possession of him. " Now," tho first spirit, Fritz's friend, said, "you must como and show us where the prisoners are kept, and their money." The old magician very sulkily led them to a great oak tree. Thoro waa a hole under the oak tree, and tho magician put down his hand and took out three cabinets. " Now," ho said, "the first of these cabinets has (Xjppcr in it, tho second silver, and the third gold." Fritz took them and put them in his pocket, and then they 'went" to tho castle, and the old magician told them where 'tho prisoners were. After they had turned tho birds and beasta into mon and women again, the spirit told Fritz how" ho bad managed to aavo him by coming in tho right time. The spirit had gone to the bordor of the enchanted forest along with hia brothora, the other apirits, just after tho magician had taken Fritz, and they aaw the magician flying" along and so they went in hot haste to the charmed pläco whoro the old goblin was. Fortunately, the goblin had gono ont, ao they managed to get the charms easily. Thon they went as fast as they oonld to tho place whore tho magician and Frite wore, for thoy know tho apot, aa tho magician generally killed his victima thoro, and just managed to get there in time to save Fritz. Among tho people that they saved waa a young prince. He said that he had loved a young princes"", but she would not marry him unleaB he went and killed tho magician by hiroaolf. He would not do it at onoo, but at last ho wont. Then some of the goblins caught him, and took ; him to the magician, who shut him up and would not let him out. All the other prisoners had stories to tell, which would be too long to toll here. Fritz gave all their meney t« them, and kept tho rest himself. He ont dewn all the forest, and fixed up the castle se that he could live in it ; and nil the pria oners who had-lost their hornea came there to live. ' Tho spirits and geblin» all wont away when the forest was cut dewn. At last the prince found that the princess was dëad, s» ho came and marriod Vera,, and they all lived happily .after. 