%\t -$urdnMm.~ LAY SEBMOHS.— No. XXW. SHE SHAKESPEARE CLUB. [Bt ihe Beothebs Bemo.1 The best lay wrmon that wa have heardf or many a day fa that which wai delivered Ust week at tho University. We cordially welcome Dr. Boolger Into the ranka of the preachen ot non-clerical sermons, and hope that we shall frequently have the privilege of ij«fr»f-f'Bl*' iii»r Bis audience, when he de livered hit 'sermon' at the inauguration of the university Shakespeare dab, was doubt lets 'fit,' though in consequence of its being select was necessarily ' few.' We hope that some arrangement may be made for a rede liverance of the oration to a larger number of hearers, and we promise him that when the learned professor 'next doth ride abroad' we will be there to see, to hear, and to take notes. Having made such an excellent be ginning, it ia to be hoped that he will not 'break his atafi.' Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, And deeper than did met plummet sound. Drown his book. It would be a good thing if some of oat speakers of clerical sermons couldoccaaionaUy hear this new preacher. His English, which is brilliant because it is so simple, his spark lir-g sentences which glitter because they are so clear, and his sequence ot thought, which shows that the speaker is a master in the art as well as in the science of logic, might well afford a model which would quietly bat effectively put to silence those turgid and overwerded utterances which long-suffering laymen have sometimes to endure on Sunday morning. Anything which would induce our parsons to study the art of good semposition and ot natural and unaffected speech would be a public benefit. Clerical twangs and ranting mouthings are alike violations of taste, and ought to fee discouraged, Whether a man speaks with lisping affectation or 'tears a panlon to tatters, to very rags to split the ears of the groundlings' it is an offence to good taste. Our professor would say with Hamlet to all such, ' Reform it altogether.' We met with a gentleman who had been one of Professor Boulger's auditors who seemingly was not pleased with the lay ser mon that he heard. We commend his case to the learned professor the next time he has to illustrate to his logic clan the maxim, exceptis prcbat regulam. ' What,' said this man, whose ample frame evidently enshrined a correspondingly large heart, ' what have our young men to do with studying plays at the University ? It is not for such a purpose that the Parliament votes money for the salaries Of, its professors, or the erection of its class room?. (He was not quite correct on this point, as the Government do not pay the talaties.) I thought that the University was for the purpose of furthering sound learning in our midst, and here we find one of its tutors publicly advertising such dramatic trash as we have heard to-night. Ifa a sort of fashion to say everything in praise of Shake speare, hut for my part I can never read him. Be says a few good things, bat he mixes them up with such a quantity of wild romance, ex travagant story, vulanous puns, and doubt ful situation* that I prefer to leave him alone. I am sare it would be better for our young men and young women to stick to their elas tics and mathematics than to go reading Greene, and Peele, and Marlowe, and Ben Joncon, and Shakespeare. It they want poetry let them take to Pope, or Dryden, or Cowper, or Wordsworth, and leave those old playwrights alone.' We let our locator talk on, for we wanted to hear him express himself. He is a type of a certain class which really exists in the midst of our complicated modern society. There are men who forget when they grow elderly that they were ever young, and who have condemned to a perpetual ' winter of discontent' any exuberance of fancy that ' ever tried to blossom in their juvenile days. They forget that life has its imaginative side as well as Its prosaic side, and that young life is especially captivated by imagination. They forget, too, that some of the deepest lessons of life are to be found from a study of the wayward caprices of human acting and human thinking. Such men prove their narrowness by their obtrusive dogmatism. We remember a worthy citizen of this type who would not allow the family bookshelf to be ' polluted by a copy of Shakespeare,'' and the consequence was that in after life his sons became inordinate devourers of French novels and patrons of the lowest comedies at the theatre. . Shakespeare has such a unique reputation in the history of English literature that it is fitting that his work* should be studied alongside ol the great masterpieces ot the Greek drama. In felicity of language, in depiction ot character, in depth of thought, and in range ofimaginatioD, no one can com pare with him in any age. His dramas have such interest for the student that they are independent ot the scenic adjuncts of the stage for their charm. They have to be minutely studied to be appreciated. The appliances of the modern theatre would in many cases utterly spoil them. To see a solid imitation of a ghost take a chair and rit down in Macbeth's seat, or to hear the mimic storm of rattling sheet iron while Lear is wandering in grand scorn over the heath, or to see a ship tossing up and down by the aid of ropes that have no nautical name, when Prospero by his art ' puts the wild waters in this roar,' tends rather to spoil all real appreciation of the art of the poet. Shakes peare himself did not depend on anyjsuch meretricious aid to make his dramas succeed. The scenery in his day was of the rudeat and simplestdeBcriptionthatcanbeimagined. One writer tells us that the Globe Theatre, of which Shakecpeare himself was one of the pro prietors, was built without any covering, except over the stage. The play began a three o'clock. The nobles and the ladies sat in i boxes or on stools on the stage. The people stood in the pit or yard. The stage itself wasaaaked room atrewn with rushes, and with a blanket for a curtain. Wooden imita tions ot yMim*i«t towers, woods, &c; , were all the scenery used, and a board stating the place ot action was hung from the top when the scene changed. The female parts were ?11 taken by boy*. Such extreme simplicity may be an anomaly in this age of aesthetic art revivals, but It is surely somewhat aignlfU cant that the great dramas of Shakespsve should have depended only on good acting for their popularity. Henry V. did not then ride in on a 'real horse' to amaze the spectators. No peal of bells, 'costing a thousand pounds,' heralded the triumphant entry into London. The fascinating charms of beanty were sot needed to win favor for tie ** wise young judge.' No 'pencil's aid' was required to depict the forest of Arden, and when the poet describes the castle of Duncan which- 'hath a pleasant seat, and where the fir nimbly find sweetly recommends itself onto onr geatie senses,' he needed no more than words and gesture to bring the scene before his patrons. Our professor has done well in endeavoring to foster in his students and in the other members of the dub a taste for good reading. He tells us that the plays of Shakespeare are to be read aloud in a semi- dramatic fashion, as well a* studied. In this sew departure tt is to be hoped that the olnb will teach the various public schools » rueful lesson. The ait ot reading English i» sadly neglected in many of onr educational establishments'. It is an easy art to be acquired in youth, bat it is veiy difficult for any one to attain facility aud power in it when the habit ot utterance and manner are fixed. Those who happen to have a natural knack for tolerable recitation may be called upon to amuse the public on 'Speech days,' bat there is an almost uni versal neglect of good elocutionary training, Becitation is much easier than leading, but the art of leading aloud is far more valuable than mere parrot-like repetition. Oat of a hundred boj» or girls only a dozen perhaps aie naturally fair reciter*, and oat of that dozen on)y two or three are able to read alcud (O as not to send their listeners to deep ; yet out of that hundred fifty might by judicious training acquire both arts. If this art were mote commonly practised in the schools it would have a noteworthy effect in coune of time upon our houses of Parliament and the peculiar oratory that obtains there, and upon onr pulpits with their various drones, and twangs, and lisping*, which amuse or annoy but do not captivate the audiences that are tbe victims of these oratorical peculiarities twice every Sunday. 