COSMO GORDON. BOOK IL—CHAPTER IEL KB. JOTP IS EMBARRASSED. " Boulogne-snr-Mer. «VMy Dear Lady Bulteel—I am, of course, <liHtracted at what yaa tell me about my eweet girl ( Whata terrible mistake it was, «na how thankful we should be to the powers above that things are no worse. If I obeyed the impulse Of an ever too sensitive heart, I should fly,were each a means of locomotion *** to the bedside of my dearest _ si. Bat my own health is in a state that is far from satisfactory to my friends And medical adviser. In fact, I might only add ; to insteiad of lessen the trouble and anxiety to which you and Sir Peyton have already been put. Under these circumstances, I fe^l that the impulses before alluded to most be stifled. The feelings are at all times, as tiie Poet-Laureate has so tonchingly observed, 'dangerous guides,' and we must not allow ourselves to be run away with by them. Permit ine to say that I feel every coafidenoe in knowing that dear Margaret is under jour roof. In my dear late husband's old friend and comrade.-and in that friend'swife, my trust is absolute. As one mother appealing to another, I entreat that I may not be Kept long in ignorance of how my dearest child goes on. Remember me to that good creature Johnstone. More cause for thankfulness, dear Lady Bulteei, here again suggests itself to my mind, for in sickness-Johnstone is a pearl of great price, and Is never in the least shattered Ijy sitting up at night, a most suitable frame of mind for a person of her class, and also a reason for special thankfulness. Give my fond, fond love to my sweetest girl, and with best regards to Sir Peyton (Ah, what dear, yet d&hirqnt; memories are called up by that familiar name), , " I remain,^my dear Lady Bulteei, All and always yours, " Sympathetically and indebtedly, " MABEB "MATHTT.dbST. ATOXN HAvn^jn}." " Rum-ti-iddity, rum-ti-tom. So that's the sort she is, is tkV' was Sir Peyton's first comment on. reading the : above precious eSasion. Then he flickedthe flimsy foreign paper on which it was written with his finger ana thumb, watching his. wife's downcast countenance the while. "She's afraid of being runaway with by her feelings, is she ? I tell yon what it is, Loo, 110 one will ever bolt with Mary: Matilda, till Old Scratch comes to carry her off in a fierychariot drawn by two black donkeys. " " Peyton," said Lady Bulteei, " please dont jest cm sacred subjects in that awful way; it curdles one's blood. But, indeed, you have some excuse, dear, for using those rather—ahem!—strong expreesions^for, o how strange and sad it all-is I Mrs. Havilani makes no allusion to my saying how glad I should be to see her here." V Which was a fib, you know, Lucy, all the same," putin Sit Peyton. " WeUv I meant it for the best. I did indeed," replied her Ladyship, much crestfallen ; "ana 1 made bo sure she would coma I said to Selina, 'We must put her in the bine-room—it is so handy to Margaret's', and Selina said that was a very good thought on my part, and quite the right thing to do." "Well, my dear, tell the maids to pin np thebedcurtains and draw the blinds down; the blue-room won't be wanted this time, nor the red-room, nor the green. Mary Matilda's feelings have got their nead-stalls on, and are eating their heads off (on the best of corn too) in the domestic stables." " What do'you mean, Peyton ?" said Lady Bulteei, to whom metaphor was at all times puzzling. " Well, I mean this," replied her husband, "that poor old Jack's widow,is one of the biggest humbugB that ever walked on two legs. She's always glad to get rid of the girl—«o Bab Bays—for then she has her own wicked w^y without restraint, and she's not sorry that this accident will prevent Miss Margaret going back to the land of frogs so Boon aa she would have else." "Glad to g6t rid of her own child I" said Lady Bulteei with a little gasping sigh. y " Oh, Peytohi" Were there in very truth such mothers? While she*— Ah I ^vho' could count the weary hours in the silent night-time—that time in which thought copies-to all with such strange vividness that the creations of our brain seem, like living creatures, clothed in flesh and blood—speaking with audible voices, stretching out hands to us in the darkness^ Bobbins in thte silence, when she had lain wxde-eyea, tearless, yet wakeful and alert in everynerve, fancying she beard Paul's step along the corridor,. the quick knock he alwayB used to give at hef ilOor, or the sound of a time he . loved and often whistled softly to himself ? All these ghosts of sounds—pitiful re tenants of the days that were gone—were wont thus to haunt this gentle loving heart. She would lie very, very still the while, unselfish even in her sorrow,, and fearing to awake or disturb her huBband; she would think and think, and /eel at last a& though her boy's face were close against her own—that haggard man's face with wild eyea staring, that nad been to her the last glimpse of him who was once her bahy-boy, her pride, her darling,' the sweet wee flower that blossomed in the garden of her heart, and just when its bloom was fairest fell to earth, down-beaten by the stoma of temptation, the bitter wind of adversity. Was it—could it be—that she should keep such vigil through the long progression of the ears, and that somewhere God let a mother Sve who was glad to get rid of her own P chad? Sir Peyton must have divined on What tines his wife's thoughts were straying, for he suddenly laid his hand on her head, flattening the dowb in her cap mercilessly, but yet by his touch comforting her, in that It told her how truly his heart beat in unison with hers. Surely there could be few sadder eights than that of these two—so different in character and personality, yet so closely bound together by the fondest and most faithful affection—living their daily lives with for ever between them, for ever present to the thoughts Qf both, the wraith of the son they had lost? " I must take this letter up to Margaret," said Lady Bulteei, rousing herself from her ; 1 weary questioning of life and its problems, "She said ishe thought we would hear today." Sir Peyton walked to the window, looked out at the landscape that was seen through a mist of finesteadily-falling rain, and hummed a tune meditatively. The relations between this mother and daughter puzzled the worthy man not a little. In what estimation could a grand creature like Margaret hold such a woman 6s this Mary Matilda, who wrote her name French fashion since taking np her .abode 04 the other aide the Channel—loved to hang about gaming-tables—laved the society of doubtful men andfig&D;&ng; women—loved, In a ward, all thing* she should hate, and hated all thiira she Bhould love—evei) her 6w& child. "•Bab" had told him that th6 consolations of the laudannm bottle were not nnkuowii to Mrs. Savilandthat she spent as much of her income fesshe 00old c£on herself, gradging Margaret every penny she heeded; that mofethan Oac$ the had, obtained; pecuniarv assistance from some wretched old rami, with the understanding'that' het. daughter's hand shonldrepresent the value given ut return. "Poor old Jack—he was well out Of it," pondered Sir Peyton; "bat whatfe 1$ come of the little laee he loved—his' bonnie Meg,' who made the only sunshine of hie life f Here a sudden vision of Mr. <Fupp*e beaming face rose np beforfe the tnmd'of the thinker; while little things, there nothings in themselves, like little links that separate have toopower, but put together form a chain, cametonipreinemhrancfl one by one. I11 many ways Sir Peyton, though 'the manliest of taen, was assimplfe ivsa child, bo he smiled to himself andlookea knowingly at the dripping trees outside, ad much a& to say he conld tell them a thing or two if he liked; as he-thought what 6 "capital fellow all round" was Jotdab Jupg, whose greatest defect after all was a deficiency of hs, and whose greatest excess was & tendency to a too-pronounced style of personal adornment. It sa:d not a little for the candout and solidity of Margaret's nature that these sins of omission and pommission did not blind her to the intrinsic worth Of a man whose sterling qualities and generous charities might well claim the aspect of any woman—or man either. Trust Sir Peyton to eee through those daily visits to Mere ilall, that long-drawn-out anxious face of the Latchfprd millionaire. He knew what it all meant, bless you; he did, and he was dad of it too. Miss Margaret would, maybe, never need to go back to that old—well, well, let us call herMary KTnfildft* - "But, Lord f said Sir Peyton, speaking out -loud in the energy find vehemence of the moment, " won't she bleed him, that's alL The daughter of the horse-leech was a sort of a practical joke in the way of a beggmg-letterwriter to what Jupp 'all find his mother-inlaw. if h6 consults me on the matter, I'll speak out; 111 say,' Pension her off, my dear fellow, pennon her off! So much a year, pud quarterly, if Bhe leaves you and your wife a dear radins of say a thousand miles— amount of pension to diminish by a hundred pounds at a timefor eve—' ' n —a-i--.- off the main lot.' Tha" lotlie trick—thr til do it. Mary Matilda will * be tixwl up slick' then, ne the Yankees say, tie! by the leg— harmless as any 4 sucking dove'—by Jove I" Meanwhile Lady Bulteei went upstairs, and was just going to knock at Margaret's door when Johnstone came down thecorridor, and planted herself respectfully but firmly in the way. . {To be conitrmdi) 