Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. THE New Caledonian escapees who recently landed on the northern coast are still in Cook-<*> town. WE are informed that Messrs. Macpherson arid Miskiti have been1 instructed by Mr. Hod*, kinsoilto iMup^a writ against the Hon. W. Miled for £10,000 damages lor Slander. THE following pcrndn* died in die Benevo lent Asylum, Dunwich, during the weekending 9fch instant :-Williara White, aged 74 yean, born Birmingham, England, late from Roma Hospital; James Burns, aged 81 years, born Dublin ; James Kelly, aged 90 years, bornKil Jcenny. •*£. a meeting of the Executive Council on Thursday, it was decided to accept the lowest tender, that of Messrs. M'Derroott, Owen. ?u£?/.'. of X lctori a' for the construction©! uH & llk *a? uranc^! ,lino' nearly mil«» in length. This branch leaves the Maryborough- Gympiohneat3Bm. 67cb. from Maryborough, and crosses tho Mary river near Miva. tiT{su n? n' I*2 Mile8 ' hwin B disposed of bis Parkhcad estate near Dalby, haa resolved to become a resident of Toowoomba (says the Chronicle) .and has purchased from Mr. E. Jttarwedol his private residence, Raceview, for the sura of £2500. Raceview is situated op -4 matte the racecourse, and comprises ton acres or land which are laid out as an ornamental S*l^ 6?.' h» ayin« one °* *"• flneafc avenues of jxortolk Island pines to bo seen in Queens land. THBsad intelligence reached town on Sunday tbat Mr. Alexander Angus, master of the steamer Louisa, had been drowned in the Logan River, at Hickson's Flat, Beenleigh, that morning. No particulars came to hand, out a telegram from our own correspondent states that tho body was recovered in the after noon. The deceased was well known in South Brisbane, having resided for some time in Hope-street, where he leaves a wife and five children. A correspondent at Normanton sends us the following telegram under Thursday's date -— Hundreds of men are travelling about look ing for work in this district, as forty-seven sta tion owners have received notico that their runs were likely to be forfeited, and consequently all worked has been stopped. This is ruining the prospects of this place and wilt cause great hardship amongst the working men, especially now that we are suffering from a severe drought and dosens of run* have all their stock travelling about looking for grass and water. Just when we want help the Government come down upon us and injure our credit instead of trying to assist us at such a trying time. It simply means ruin to the old pioneers, who in nearly every case are the sufferers." Captain R. Ballistier, of the A.S.N. Company's steamer Victoria, which arrived on Tuesday morning from Sydney, reports that James Thompson, a saloon passenger, was missed at 9 o'clock on Monday morning last. A thorough search was made throughout the ship, but no traces could be found of the missing man, and it was concluded he had either fallen or jumped overboard and been drowned. He was last seen about ten minutes to 4 o'clock on Monday morning by Captain Ballistier. He then appeared to be perfectly sober and rational, and conversed freely with the captain. In answer to a question by the captain, he said he had come on deck to see the moon rise. Captain Ballistier informed him he was going to lie down, and left Thompson leaning over the raiL That was the last time he was seen by any person on the ship. Tub sub-ooinraittec of the Town and Country Mission met on Tuesday afternoon in the V.M.C.A. rooms. Present: Rev. E. Moore, Messrs. James Grimes, D. M'Nab, J. Warner, and Rev. W. Anson Smith (convener). Finan* dal reports were laid on the table, showing the amounts collected by Mr. Beasley in Ipswich, Toowoomba, and Warwick districts to be as follow:—Annual subscriptions, £42 os. 6d.; half-yearly subscriptions, £4 155.; donations, £10 ss. 6d.; making in all, £57 Is., as the re salt of a month's work, to which may be added £3 7s. promised. The committee decided that it would not be advisable to recommence col- Kortage operations till the sum of £200 was in and, and they have arranged to send Mr. Beasley on another collecting tour northward to Gyrapie and intermediate districts, on which he will start on Monday next. It is to be hoped he will meet with a liberal response from all interested in the spread of the purest literature in the bush. Contributions will be thankfully received by Mr. James Grimes, Queen- street, treasurer; or by Rev. W. Anson smith, convener of the country branch com mittee. The steamer Indus, chartered by Messrs. Green and Co. for the conveyance of immi grants to Queensland, in accordance with the agreement lately entered into between that firm and the Queensland Government, anchored in the Brisbane roadstead during Wednesday night The Indus sailed from London on the 20th June, with immigrants, under the 17th section of the Immigration Act of 1882, to the number of 488 souls, classified as follows :— 291 English, 22 Scotch, 171 Irish, and 4 foreigners. Condition : Married, 64 males and 68 females; single, 188 males and 44 females; 57 male and 59 female children between 1 12 years; and 2 male and 6 female infants; total, 311 males and 177 females, or 488 souls, equal to 422 adults; fullpayera, 59 ; assisted, 429. Occupations were represented as follow:—27 female domestic servants, 1 female pupil teacher, 82 farm labourers, 34 general labourers, 10 gardeners, 19 miners, 10 blacksmiths, 6 bricklayers, 8 engineers, 2 sawyers. 24 carpenters and joiners, 1 wheelwright, 1 plasterer, 6 plumbers, 1 painter, 1 grocer, 2 chemists, 1 con tractor, 1 tailor, 2 shoemakers, 1 gas fitter, 3 shipwrights, 1 stationmaster, 1 baker, 1 land steward, 1 harness maker, 1 locksmith, 3 ostlers or grooms, 2 butchers, 1 railway porter. Eighty-six immigrants were landed at Townsville, 66 at Rockhampton, and 15 at Maryborough, and she has now on board 321 souls, equal to 277 statute adults. Dr. Alexander Nicoll is the only saloon passenger. The surgeon-superintendent is Dr. P. Smith, and the matron Miss Affleck. It will be remembered that it was the Indus which ran down the Girdles lightship in the English Channel at midnight on the day of sailing, and had to put back into Dover with the Girdles' crew. Tho Indus is a steel ship, 1530 tons burthen, 300 horse power nominal. She is owned by Messrs. D. Bruce and Co. She will come up the river on {his morning's tide with emigrants on board, Information was received on Thursday by tho Premier to the effect that the Hon. J. F. Garrick bad arrived id England all well, and had assumed his duties as Agent-General. A survey in connection with the water supply of the Bulimba Division is at present being carried on under the direction of the Hydraulic Engineer's Department in the neighbourhood of Doughboy Creek A WKI/L- attended meeting of the M'llwraith tecerition Committee was held at the Royal oteli la*t Mdnduy hlffht, Dr. O'Doherty, ~L.C, iti tHe chain Th# business was merely of a formal Hatiire. It Was stated that £384 had been collected in Brisbane, and that other sums promised from different parti Ot the colony would bring the amount up to £560. The following deaths in the Warrego dis trict have been reported to the police during the month of July :—B. H. Williams, 4£ labourer, rupture of blood vessel; Michael Lee, 60, shepherd, want of water; Alfred Tiernan, 35, labourer, natural causes; William Han, 50, a Chinese labourer, natural causes; Phoebe Tomlinson, 10 months, convulsions; Charles Lewis, 76, labourer, scurvy. The first trip of the Fishing Association came off on Saturday last, and was unanimously declared enjoyable and successful from start to finish. There were just enough excursionists to m*ke things pleasant. The party visited Flinders Reef, Hutchison's Shoal, and Smith's Rock. The gross haul was 291 fish, including some either not before noticed in these waters or not before classified. These included:—Purple groper, cardinal, striped yellow rail, emperor, blue wrasse, reefer, green fin, and surveyor. Information has been received by the Com missioner of Police that the search party, who have returned from the Russell River, have found the body of John Conway, who was murdered by the blacks and then buried. It appears that the body was not cut up by the blacks, as first reported. The four murderers, who are well known to the police, took to the scrub by the mountains. The heavy rains that have recently set in have hitherto protected them from arrest, and the police will not be able to capture the murderers till they rejoin the tribe. About a month ago we (D. D. OaxettA copied a paragraph from the Brisbane 06. t«r«er 'reporting the death of an elderly man named James Campbell under very painful circumstances on the veranda of a house in Ann- street, North Quay. The paragraph far ther stated tbat the deceased had at one time "fcupijd a good position in the now notorious City of Glasgow Bank, and that his son is at present a bookkeeper on Mr. M'Donald's station, Leichhardt Downs, Clermont Mr. Campbell writes us to say that the whole of the story, so far as he and his father is con cerned, is a pure fabrication. He knows nothing whatever of this James Campbell. He himself has only been six months in the oolony. His father died in Scotland eleven yptlWo' *nA "ever had any connection with tho City of Glasgow Bank. We gladly make the correction for the sake of the young man whoso name has been dragged into the report without the slightest foundation. A deputation, consisting of Meavs. J. Ooase (mayor of Gladstone). Thos. Harbottle, C. C. Breslin, and W. P. Mellefont, waited on the Minister for Lands yesterday week with reference to some matters of great importance to the residents of Gladstone and district. Mr. W. Norton M.L.A., introduced the deputation who icquested that a resident surveyor be appointed for Gladstone, or, failing that, it was asked that a sur veyor might visit the district at stated periods and make surveys. To this the Minister replied that if the work justified it he would appoint a resident surveyor, and if not he would guarantee one to go there at stated periods. The deputation requested tbat the corporation of Gladstone be put in possession of the road to Auckland Point, which includes the cattle yards. The Minister replied that mm department was putting this matter through as quickly as possible, and when the result of the valuation is ascertained the Corporation could take possession of the road. We have received a copy of "Called Back," a novelette which has created a considerable sensation in England, and has been made the subject of two plays and a bitter quarrel between the rival dramatisers. The author, Mr, Hugh Conway. is a writer who has just begun to make his mark, and he evidently belongs to the latest school of novelists who are again giving us books containing stories, and not merely sketches of character. Indeed, Mr. Conway's fault is that his book is all story, and after the spell which it casts on the reader is over, the impression left by the characters in it remains rather vague and indefinite. But the story is a very absorbing one. and although thf supernatural is introduced into the plot, the author is not one of those bunglers who lug in a ghost story to give interest to an otherwise wearisome narrative. In short, "Called Bfc kj'.is,a *°°A Btory ' wdl an* Wghtly tnl ii, full of strong situations and abounding in vii id descriptions of events: and although the pehonage* are shadowy, that fault wfil not aqcot novel readers who are getting a little sidk of the long-drawn- out descriptions of cha racter, connected by the feeblest thread of plot, which make up so many modern works of fiction. The death is announced of the Right Rev. Piers Calveley Claughton, D.D., Coadjutor Bishop of London, at the age of 70. ''Men of the Time" has the following:—" He is the son of the late Thomas Claughton, Esq., and brother of the Right Rev. Thomas Legh Claughton, Bishop of St. Albans. He was born in Lancashire in 1814, and educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in first-class honours in 1835, and having gained the Chancellor's prise for the English essay in 1837, became Fellow and Tutor of University College, Public Examiner and Select Preacher in the University, and rector of Elton, Huntingdonshire. He held the Bishopric of St. Helena from 1859 to 1862, when he was translated to Colombo. He re signed the latter ttee in December, 1870, on being appointed Archdeacon of London and coadjutor to the Bishop of London, and a canon of St. Paul's. He was appointed rural •lean of Hackney in 1874. and in April, 1875, he succeeded the Rev. G. R. Gleig as Chaplain general to her Majesty's forces. Dr. Claughton iitheauthor of "A Bri»»f Comparison of the XXXIX Articles with HolyScripturei" 1844; *A Letter to the Earl of Derby on the Re* v^UffJonvocatioii, M 1892} and•• I*etmon Dubino the past week the following pefl&ns; have been adjudicated insolvent:-Matthew Paul' Movie. grasier,of Mount Pleasant, near Roma) Frederick W. B. George, carpenter, of Brradaberg, During the week ending 16th instant, 163 saloon md 141 steerage passengers arrived in BriOimws pet tt&tottn; frow the 1 Booth, and 149 saloon and 200 steerage' fsmsensjcYf left lor the Southern colonies/ RobertTrickey, fttidingiti Sfautfrßrisbane, met with a serious accident On TVuradky aftn noon. He was driving a dray down ChMotu street, when the horse attached to it, taking fright, bolted. Triokey rolled out at the back of the dray and fell on to the hard road, with the result that he had his head severely cut and one of his ribs broken. He was removed to the hospital, when his injuries were promptly attended to* xi A* •Mitfoil to the sewage* of congratula tion that greeted ffif Vbqam M'Uwraitli on hu return to Queensland titts toes despatched from Kormanton. Our corraptondent tele graphs, under Saturday's date, that the follow ing telegram has been forwarded to Mr Thomas:—•• The residents of Normanton de sire to express their gratification at your safe return, and congratulate the colony upon your re-entrance to political life." We have been requested to state that up to the present no specific charge has been formu lated against the captain or crew of the Forest King, and they are all at liberty. The owners, through their solicitors, have initiated proceedings for a counter action in the Vice- Admiralty Court against the commander of H.M.S. Swinger, claiming £0000 damage* for illegal detention of the vessel. Owing to some difficulties which have arisen in connection wHh the proposal to send the recruits to St. Helena, it has been decided to keep them on board the schooner pending the settlement of the action. A serious buggy accident occurred on Gregory-terrace on Sunday last. Mrs. H. C. Thompson, wife of the Under Sheriff, her daughter, and Mrs. Walter Scott, of Taromeo, were driving in a buggy along Gregory-terrace, and when descending a hill near Mr. A. Raffs residence the breeching broke, causing the horse to bolt The animal turned sharply into Costin-street, close to Mr. Thompson's house, overturning the buggy. Mrs. Thompson was very severely injured, having her collar bone broken and sustaining very bad scalp wounds. Mrs. Scott suffered a compound fracture with dislocation of the left wrist, and was very considerably cut about the face. A oonuosFONDSNT at Roma sends the following telegram under date 15th instant :— " A large and.repreeentative meeting was held in the Town Hall to-night to accord a welcome to Sir Thomas M'llwraith. Mr. David Sal mond, the chairman, stated that a suitable reception should be given to Sir Thos. M'll wraith as one of the greatest statesmen in Aus tralia, quite apart from any party considera tions. A resolution was proposed by Alderman Jrwin,— 'That we desire to offer Sir Thomas M'Dwraith our heartfelt congratulations on his return to Queensland, feeling sure that his presence in the Legislature will greatly con duce to the prosperity of the country,' and carried unanimously. It was decided by the meeting that gentlemen willing to form a deputation to wait upon Bir Thomas in Bris bane be invited from all parts of the Maranoa district Three hearty cheers, given for Sir Thomas, and also for Lady M'fawraith, closed the meeting, at which great enthusiasm was displayed." The want of a professional man to take charge of the bridges about to be built by the Government has forded itself upon the atten tion of the Department of Public Works, and at the last meeting of the Executive Council it was decided to appoint Mr. J. H. Daniels, recentlyas sistant engineer of roads and bridges in New South Wales. The first works to engage the attention of the new officer will be the three bridges for which money was voted on the last Estimates—namely, £3000 for bridges over the Pioneer River at Mackay; Ross Creek, Towns ville. and Annan River, Cooktowo. Mr. Daniels has had a somewhat extended ex perience of bridge work, having been con oerned in the construction of some of the largest railway and other bridges in Great Britain, in the south of Russia, and other parts of Europe. He came to the colonies about eight years ago, and was at once engaged by the Hew South Wales Government, and about two years later was appointed assistant en gineer of bridges in the sister colony. A deputation, consisting of a number of gentlemen interested in the Albert River dis trict, and including Messrs. De Burgh Persse, £ *f'« D?lP lpatt ' ,J^ e? wick» Henderson, Franklin, Watt, and Walsh, was introduced to t he Minister for Lands on Thursday, ast by the member for Fawifern. Mr. Midgley explained that their object was to urge the continued construction of the line now being made to Logan Village up the valley of tbe Albert River or to the head of the Coburg. He explained that there was a line now being surveyed to Beaudesert, but that a range of hills (between the two watersheds would, he believed, prevent this line being readily available for residents on the watershed of the Albert; the length of the pro posed extension would be about sixteen miles. M|r. iHenderson, who illustrated his remarks by a large map prepared for the purpose, said that the line now being surveyed vid Jira bdorabah would not meet the convenience of the great bulk of the people in the Albert dis trict, and his remarks were chiefly directed to showing the advantage of adopting the old survey partly made by Mr. Depree some time ago, which goes more towards Tambourine. Mr. Delpratt said the deputation was not there to interfere with the line of survey now being made, as they knew that no one line coulq serve the two sides. He urged the necessity of making the two lines. In reply to wiiat had been said. Mr. Miles pointed out tt at it would be impossible to have two linn made to the same place. His only object was to serve the greatest number; but nothrog would hi decided without due consideration. In reply tq Mr. Fenwick, he said that as yet nothing had been definitely fixed regarding the Jimboombah line. In further urging the ad vantages of the Tambourine line, it was pointed out that it would open up a large area of arable and actually cultivated land as upl as vast supplies of timber. Mr. Miles again assured the deputation of-|hA impossibility of undertaking two lines and oniis determination to do what wan best for the greatest number, aid the deputation withdrew, thanking him fjrhis attention and inviting him to see the dssfriot for hiBIMu, T^€e»»l«sioner for Railways hwoxtendedl thtf date c* e*eor&m; tickets for tho Jk-Mbano- S^KtmTTtieMay.the 28th insteadJhis. concesri-ttwilt facilitate the Mranuemenfafor the feanqUrt t& be grren to Sir ThL*»a» M'llwraith on ftUtfftfcy, 35* instant. Thb appointment •# Mr. James Harrisonr Byrne as clerk-associate «©• his Honour the Chief Justice was accidental omitted from the list of official notifications1 i» our issue-of Saturday last. Mr. Byrno's appollrtawnt takes effect from Ist September. A VttMffAAU received at the office <* the Minuter for* Mines gives further pari.icplar» abobt the rtcMft fatal accident in the pass peetintf claim at Herberton. It appears th.<* {nacidtttoh'iipthe unfwrtasMtf* Mr. Long, who* was instafffly killed by the wplortion of a charge of dyflrtnite, a man named Usher was severely injured, atwthe manager, Mr. Bonar, who was engaged in pitting a floor about «ct. above, was also injured. ... . . Tl|E P> rt Douglas ChronuA* is informed by ft Daintree correspondent that «ie dairy cattle* lately taken to that river by Mt. Wateraten... have been attacked by the black*, w valuable ghortfcorfl bull having been killed, a«d tho rAmtfnder at the herd scattered to aIA direct*©** Kaids of this kind have btfrnao; frequent in fne rjVeT district* that a camp o« native troopsW for the Daintrec and Mosman Rivers is an abflufcfte1 necessity. AT the Tenninjrertiwf (Mount Perry) P*hce Court on Monday last l* andNewittwere fined £45 grog-selling. Their Jiquor w.«* seized and coi flseited. rman named Kun*y Ws^ brought i» oca similar charge, but his <*«c v^*^ 10""16*! untU next day, when he was M, liquor on his premises was conflacav.'Hi. i. cases were conducted by tho excise er? attached to the department of the i/Qiei Inspector of Distilleries. A ftt/MoVR hatiop fritted currency in* Brisbane lately that the Orient B.N. Company intended to shortly commence a service along the Australian coast, we inquired of the agents (Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co.) as to the truth of the statement. They attsnrn us ttiat no communication on the subject has been officially made to them, and they express great doubts as to the probatmify of such an arrange ment being made. The rtfiwowr was aho ac companied by another that the €unard and White Star Companies were likely «a transfer several of their splendid Atlantic steamers to the Australasian trade. This, we undmtanck, is likely to become a fact during what i> kiwwn as the off passenger season, Dut no dndaito arrangements have yet been made public. Sic Thomas M'llwkaith told an Arguirt* porter in Melbourne, when speaking of the present position of the recidtvistes question, f' that the present state of aflbto h almost a repetition of what occurred in tb# lentb year of the first Republic. A law was passed to France for the transportation of r&idiftaes; to* the Seychelles Islands. Mauritius was tbt* s> French colony, endowed with local Govatm' raent, and a law was immediately pasned by her Parliament prohibiting intercourse of any Idna between the Seychelles and the Mauritius. Not only so, but in order to preserve the Mauritius from the possibility of Doing inundated with escaped criminals, a second law was passed en forcing the penalty of death against any escape who found his way to the island." A COBBEBFONDKNT writing from the Lower Barcoo to the Champion on 25th July, says :— " I am informed that Messrs. Elder, Pegler. and Colt, of Welford Downs, have disposed of 1000 head of heifers at a satisfactory figure, bound out west, and as they are to be delivered on 6th August they are starting at once to muster. On Retreat they are busy mustering 8000 head of female cattle, which are intended to stock Messrs. Christian and Qrice's new station in the Northern Terri tory. The Messrs. Hammond, of Ten ham and Hammond Downs, have just started 300 head of fats for the Adelaide market, Mr. E. Hammend himself per forming the duties of drover in charge.— All the drovers in charge of store cattk who have been camped on Cooper's Creek for months past are taking advantage of the> several musters to collect their strays to gether, and several drafts have been already started «*» rout* for their original destina tions. There have been partial showers throughout the district during the past fort night, and on Tuesday last some pretty fair thunder-showers fell on the lower part of the river." The steamer Mount Lebanon, chartered by Messrs. Thomas Law and Co. for the con veyance of emigrants to Queensland, arrived on Cape Mpreton on Thursday forenoon, and anchored in the Brisbane roadstead in tho afternoon at half-past 3 o'clock. She is consigned to the agency of Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co. She sailed from Glasgow on the 26th June, with 478 immigrants for Queensland, equal to 413 statute adults. Among these 57 (equal to 46}) adults were full pavers. Nationalities were represented as follow :— 86 English, 130 Scotch, and 262 Irish. The social con dition was represented thus:—6s married couples with 45 male and 49 female children between 1 and 12 years, and 11 male and 7 female infants; 178 single men and 58 single women. The occupations of the immigrants were as follow:—s7 female domestic servants, 96 farm labourers, 24 general labourers, 10 gardeners, 3 masons, 7 miners, 7 blacksmiths, 2 bricklayers, 8 engineers, 1 saw* yer, 29 carpenters and joiners, 2 wheelwrightr, 3 plumbers, 1 painter, 3 brickmakers, 1 wood turner, 1 tailor, 1 currier, 1 glasier, 1 tallow, boiler, 1 miller, 2 platelayers, 1 boltmaker, 1 cabinet-maker, 1 compositor, 1 baker. The Mount Lebanon landed immigrants as follow:—Townsville 63, and Rockharapton 78 : leaving 347 for Brisbane. Dr. J. Harry Poland is the surgeon-superintendent, and Miss Charlotte Wale the matron. The Mount Lebanon will come up the river with her im migrants on board on this morning's tide. 