FATHER FOGARTY'S FRONT TEETH. A MYSTERY, BY ROBERT P. WHIT WORTH. "YE don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Regan, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hostelrie in Beechworth, one cold dirty night last June. The day had been a wild and stormy one, as is frequently tho case in winter in that elevated locality, and we, a party of five, were glad to bo sheltered ?within the house, listening to the wind that came in shrieking gusts round tho corners, and tho heavy swish and patter of the rain on the window panes. In accord with tho character of tho night, the conversation had taken a dismal and dreary tone, about acci dents, murders, bushranging and tho like, and had at last drifted oft into the subject of disembodied spirits. Homo one, I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in aucb. rubbish, as ho called it. Hence Host Regan's question. .?? '? I, for ono, don't," I said. "I don't bo liavo a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw hend and bloody bones, nor any of the crew, any moro than 1 do in Jack the Giant Killer or Littlo Kod Hiding Hcod." "Well now," said Host Hegan, emitting a contemplative whiff, "I'm not so sartain about thai. To bo sure I nover seen a ghost rneself.but I've known thiiu as has, or said thoy had. Father Doolan. of my parish, used to toll us it was all nonsenso, but my old granny, rest her sowl, said niany's the time she heard the screech of tho banshee, and seen her too wonst, n woman in white, wring ing her hands, that faded fiwsy like the mist. I couldn't say for sartain, but if it wasn't a ghost or a sperrit that was in Father Fogarty's front teeth, what was it ? " "Father Fogarty'e front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, niBybe ye never heerd tho etory. It was a most mystarious affair, but I'll tell it ye. ,, And so Host Began, who was a droll fun loving Irishman, ceremoniously re- filled his pipe, and not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told us tho story of Father Fogarty'a front teeth. " It wae a good many years ago whin I was on tho liocky liiver diggings in New South Wales. Thini was the' rough times, and many and niany'a tho divil's own ructions I seen on that same liocky Biver. It was about 185C whin I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred min on tho field. It was alluvial sinking, shafts and tunnels mostly. Well, somo o' tho diggers wa3 quiet enough, but soiue was the divil's own b'ys entirely. " Thero was a party of me own counthry mon, barrin thoy were from Tipperary and I ?was from Wexford, workin'at u place down the rivor called Kennedy's Creok, about lifty of them there wore, and at another placo called Mount Welsh, on the other sido of Post Office Gully, was about as many Ulster min from Donegal. j£ " These had all kem out in tho same ship, and had got quarrelling on boord, and if it wasn't that the captain had kep 'cm bolow turn about, thoro'd ha' been murdhor aboord and wortie. " Anyhow there thoy -wor, about n couple of miles apart, and kep' up tho black blood feud bechune *em, and if it wasn't for the rent of us who wanted paco and quietness, and kep , 'em down by sheer strenth of numbers, thero'd ha" been no livin' there. Even then I doubt if we'd havo been ablo to keep ordher if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. "Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jowol of a praete intirely. Father Fogarty was the clergyman of the disthric , , stationed at Armi dale, but most of his time ho epint on tho diggings, by rason of lmvin , to.movo about from ono placo to another on tho river, about thirty-five miles in all. He was a tall burly man, with the reddest nose I over seen on mortial man, and two black eyes as bowld as a hawk's. He kem to keep ordhor on tho field, and, by the hokey, lio done it. Ho prached pace and goodwill amongst us, and ho practised it — wid a horsewhip. Ho was kind and patient wid us all — till his eyes began to glisten, and his red noso to twitch, and then, tare and ages, but it was look out for squalls. We were all, every mnn Jack of tho seven hundhred of ub rough diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, und Sootch aliko. He'd tho soft word and the civil word for everybody, ontil he was put out, and then—philliloo I Ho'd a heart as soft as butthor, and a iisht like a horse's hoof. He'd toll us our juty in a way would bring the wather into our eyes, and persuade Uβ to do it with a thick stick. To tho sick or tho shuck man ho was a lamb; to tho idle, the desolute, and the blasphemer, a raging lion. ' Shawn Brady avick," I heard him say one day to a big Gnlway fellow that was always quarrelling and fighting, ' come hero till 1 epake to ye. Whtit's all this 1 hcur about yo ? Ye'vo not been sober for a week, fightin' and creatin' a rookawn day and night all the timo, aud tbo language you uso I Holy Bridget, it's athrocious. What have yo to Bay for yourself ? ' Brady stood sheepishly fingering tho brim ot his caubeon, nnd mut tered something about having ' the dhrop in. , "' The dhrop in is it ? The dhrop in ?' he roared, ' it's tho dhrop that'll lado yer sowl to eternal perdition, yo gourmouge, ye oniad hawn ; and you not done n sthroko of work Bince last washin' up, ami your ould father and mother at Oraumoro without the bite or the sup for all you care, yo ondutiful, black hearted vagabono. I know yo. By this and by that I'll put the cross bechuno us, and thrash ye till your four bones ache. Down on your knees sir, and promise your prasto to conduct yourself like a dacent b'y, or by the mortial, I'll do what I Hay ;' : .and Brady done it, and then snaked away like u whipped \- Still for all he ruled us. us one mi;;ht say, at tho point of his nhilli'lagh ; it would bo n bad day for any ono who had laid a finger on him. or insulted him, if we ;:ot to hear of it. Not that he couldn't take his own part, and would too, if necessary. The bully of the camp at the timo was si great big Le.ii*ic. who'd been a collier, mid who was a perfect giant in strength and btutulity. '>no duy Father Fogarty. heariii , crow in Un: Ivk and Shovel, wint in, and found the divil., own ructiouHgoinon. There v.-aa huh big follow ' - J liiVj ken , the fchanty, by Inn bclcaso ho wouldn't give him dhrink, and two or three othors thryin , to pull him away. ."'What's, this? , says Father Fogarty; ? clear out o' this, ovory mothor'e son of ye,' pointin' at tho saino timo to the door. Tho others wint, but the Lankio turned round and faced him, shtill holdin . Cross, a little ohap, by tho hair. "'Lot go tho decent man, , said .Father Fognrty, quietly, but his nose twitching dan gerously. " ? Aw'll noan do that for theo noatber, , said the Lankie, with an oath. ~ " "Tho reply was a stinging cut aoross tho chock with his horsewhip. " Tho Lankio quitted his holt and rushed at Father Fogarty with tho roar of a mad bull. But tho prasto wasn't to bo_ caught liko that. Tho shock was terriblo whin they met, but what tho Lankie had in stlirinth, Father Fogarty had in scoienco. Ho gavo him tho insido orook, and tho giant wint down with n crash that shook the rafthors; thin coolly dhragging out the jminsiblo form by the heels, he shied it into tho muddy gutther. ' Toll that blagyard, , ho said to somo passers by, 'whin ho comes to himself, that if ho wants any moro to come to Father Fogarty.' But it Hoeracd ho didn't want any more, for ho carefully avoided tha prasto for weeks, and was oven, after ho had left tho liocky, heard to express his admiration for him. " ' That theer Father Fogarty,' ho would say, ' ho'ro summat loike a pa'ason, ho wnr. 'By Gow, bo'ro tho only moil '/it over gradoly fottlot Lankie Sam, an' chonco it.' " As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and it was a soight worth lookin , at to see sometimes on a Mon day, for ho'd gincrally come from Annidalo on a Monday, whin a lot o' tho follows who hadn't turned to would bo dhrinkin, an' risin' a rookawn in the camp, would see his bony white horso coiuin' ovor tho riso. The word was rise in n minute, and you'd die laughin' to see n ecoro or two of big, brawny fellows rushin' away to their holes liko rabbits into their warrens. " How und ever, this has nothing to do wid Father Fogarty's front teeth. Ah I told yo before, thero was a party of about j fifty Tips, working at Kennedy's Creek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter blood bechuno 'em. Well for one thing or another they'd had bits of scrimmages beehnne them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early one Saturday mornin', Misthcr White, tho warden, and a line dacent man ho was, kem to me on tho quito, an' siz ho; ' Kogan," sex he,' I know your'o a quito dasent law abidin' citir.on. , ' Its proud I am this day to hoar you say so, sir,' siz I. ' Now,' siz be,' look at bore. Tho escort has gono to Sydney, and I'm loft hero with only ono con stable. I'm inforrunicd that tho Tips beyant are coming in a body, aftor washin' up to-d?y to attack the Donegal miu, an'I want you to help mo to provint it.' ' But sir, , si/. I,' what would I do to prevint it, and besido that if they want to fight it out let 'em, we'll have no paco till they do, and thin ngain, I wouldn't liko to spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of harmless sport as you are Itegnn,' says he, ' but this moans bloodshed, murder, robbery, tho camp burned over our heads maybe. Will you help mo to provint it ? ' ' I will, sir, , sis , . I, ' if you'll tell mo how." ' Como up to tho police camp, , siz he, ' I'll have a horse saddled for you on the othor eide the hill, then ride to Armidalo as if tho divil was afthor yo, and bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith ho'fl worth a whole army of throopers. Save yor horees at Uralla, and come in through the bush to the back of the camp, so that nobody '11 see ye. An , may be we'll have some fun yet. , ' I'll go bail wo will sir,' siz I, ' faix I can fancy I see them all oeuttherin' whin his rivoronco's red noee is to tho fore. , " Well, I wint, and soon covered tho twelvo miles. I found tho prasto just eittin' down to his brfixwuet. "' Savo yor riverenco, , sis I. " ' Savo yo kindly,' siz ho, ' ait down and take a snack.' "But whin I tould him my arrant, you should havo seen him. Ilia eyes fairly blazed, and his rod nose twitched up and down liko a jack-jumper. "' Oh I tho blackguards, tho vagabonos. Mono, mon diavtil. Heaven bo bechuno us nnd evil, if I don"t break every bone in their akine. Not a thmneen do I caro for tho best of them. Oh! I'll throunco 'em. Oh I the roarin', schamin , , thievin' omadhoum. Ohl the curse of Cromwell—Holy Bridgot grant me patience—the poor benighted uathens — whero's my whip? , " Wo wero back before noon, having left our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Danger's lagoon, and done tho remaining two miles through tho bush. Father Fogarty was on sconcod in the police camp unobserved, whoro I left him fretting and fuming like a caged tiger, and my absenco had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrilling excuse. " I could not help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total rout of tho contending armies, but wisely said nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what was I laughin* at, except, 'Wait n bit, may bo ye'll see some fun soon." " At about two o'clock wo knocked off, and by throe tho camp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of tho river, ami 1 noticed that tho Tips had all come armed wid Bticks, while in many of their jumpers were bulges that towld tales to mo of that fearful weapon, tho "stone in a stocking." " At about four o'clock the ruction began. Tho Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the police camp, raised a sudden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their unpre pared foes, when tho gato opened wide, and out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. "' Howly mother, , cried someone,' it s tbo prasto ! ' " I've hcer'd tell that whin Bonoy lost tho battlo of Watberloo, ho said something in Frinch that niftnea ' tho divil take the hind most." Well, it was just that, Yo never seen euch a soatther. Up the hill, and down tho road, into tho bush, and into tho river, they (led, with tho victorious prasto dhrivin' tho vanquished inirny before him, lashin , and slushin' at them for dear life. "' Ye murtherin' thavos 1 yo graceless villains 1 ye rapparees I I'll tncho ye ; I'll excom Howly Bidpup, bot's bat ?' " Bat, or that, as ho meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, but which had sthruck him clano in tho mouth, knocking out two of his front teeth, aud complately puttin' a full shtop to bis eloquence. " lie roarod, he yelled, ho spat out mouth fuls of blood und teeth, he danced, ho tore hia hair, he threw down hia hat and jumped on it. I niver seen a man in such a tearin' rage, and what made him ton times worse was that ho couldn't talk so as to mako himself undhcrstood. " ' Oh ! you burberib poumbibs, be purp of Pombib Oh 1 oh 1 ah I " I need hardly say tho fun was over for that day. Father Fogarty was led back to the police camp atnid respectful silence, tho opposing forces wure routed, but tho haro of tho day was disabled. " Av coorse he couldn't perform mass tho next day, as not only was his mouth swollen and his lip cut, but tho loss of his teeth ren dered him incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon ri/. to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. ISut here si new difficulty Btood in tho way. He positively refused to go. It was bud enough to be laughed at there, but to nmko himself a laughing stock to tho grawleiw people of Sydney, he cauldn't aud he wouldn't. Be sides, us he said, ' Be peppard's plape wab wib hip plop.' "' Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at tl;i J time, a dintist, a poor one, but still a dintist came up to Armiilalo, and to him wint Father Fogarty for relief from his woes. Now in thini days artilioiai teeth wero not ho common, especially in -sue-h oui of thu way places ns tho Hooky River diggings as thoy tiro now, and this dintist's business was moro in tho way of takiu' out tooth than putting thcru in. But the ca?o was urgent, And prompted by tho prospect of good pay, tho dintist undortnk to supply tho missing in oisora. lie had no teeth unlese he could got them at second l> unci from Bomo dead boily, and that was hanlly practicable, nor hnd ho any ivory to mako tticin of, unless in deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought—yes, ha had it. Thoro wiis a spare pair of dioo in tho bar of tho hotel whoro ho ethayed, anil of thofo ho would manufneturo tho tooth. Tho landlord gave them up to him willingly enough, remarking at tho time that thoy woro all that was loft by Jack Adams, who hod died on tho Kooky three months boforo, and riprcscntcd a grog 8coro of four pounds three, which .Tack left owing. As tho grog score was gone the dice mi-rht as well go after it, and they wore loaded anyhow. " But little use as tho dice were as dico, thoy came in admirably for Father Fogarty'e front teeth. Thoy wero out down, polishod, fitted nicely on a goald plato, and onco moro Father Fogarty rejoiced in perfect white and oven front teeth, moro white and even, to toll tho thruth, than the originals had been. Tho dintist was happy, for ho had boon paid hie bill. Father Fogarty was luippy, bokaso ho could talk and ato onco moro like a rasonablo Christian, and his parishioners wero happy, bekaso their paslhor was again able to praeho to them, or maybo scowld them. "Now hero tho ehtory an a matter-of-fact ehtory inds, but hero comes in tho mystarioii!) part of it. Father Kogartv, worthy man, was not exactly an ascetic. Ho had always liked his tumbler of punch going to bed, and maybo his drap of whiskoy on a cowld wet day, a draw ol the pipe, nnd maybe a quito rubber of whist, or a hand at spoil ilvo or cribbage with a friend in an ovenin'. His language out of tho pulpit had occasionally boon a littlo ethrong, but nivernuoh as could well bo taken oxception to, except by thavery fnstiguous. But I now all this was changed." Ho felt an unac countable and unconquerable longing which grow sihrongcr and sthrongor on him ovory day, to visit tho billiard rooms at th<i Wel lington or tho Freemasons. I'orhapa there was no great hnrrum in that, but whin it kom to betting on fcthrokes, luakin' ono at pool, and talkin' tho slang of the gatuo, it grow noticeable Thin, again, he scorned to fall unconsciously into tho habit of shmoking cigars, and oven pipes, not only there, but in tho public ethrccts. Ho played loo, and onoe Btartled tho frequenters of a publio bar by proposin" a littlo Uutther at hazard for a I liver. Clearly something was wrong, but | what was it? IIo couldn't tell. Ho waa 1 sorely exercised in his moind. Ho knew quite well what ho was doin', and yot for the life of him ho couldn't help it. Ho fought against tha infatuation, but it seemed to to ovorinashtor him completely. " But matihers grow worse and woreo. Ono Sunday while oorvin , mass ha ahcandalised his congregation by suddenly nnnounoin' that lie would ' back tho lield, bar one.' There was n dead Bilenco, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. Ho stopped and wrcBtlod with t)io ovil spirit, for surely it was an ovil spirit that had taken possession of him, but era long his Hook wero'still more scheandalised by hearing him assover with a terriblo oath that ho would ' go n level pony on the littlo chestnut filly Ganymede' Somo of tho congregation m and left, at this sacri lege, and the poor prasto bowed his head to his pulpit cushions, and wept. Thim who re mained looked pityingly on their beloved pastor, who, afthor a pause, riz and said—" My chil dren, you aro astonished, no doubt, but no moro than 1 am, at iny ethrange conduct; but you must neo that I am either goin , mad or that 1 am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you ovone on either single, or iiva to one on tho double ovint. Bring in the bones—half α-crown in, and tho winner shouts. , " Those last" extraordinary words were ?wrung from him in agony, as tho beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lowd and profane exclamations. Men turned palo with terror, and women shrieked, somo faintod, aa rising from his kneed ho shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, ' And now I'll shako any ono in tho crowd for drinks all round.' " Clearly Father Fogarty was mad—stark, starin , , ravin' mad. Or was it possible that tho devil still had power on earth to enter into tho human frame and uttor blasphemies like thcBo. " .'. ; " Ho was led to his house by somo of hifl Borrowing flock, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of tho ead occurrence. " Another clargyman was sint up, but Father Fogarty grow worse. The language ho used was somethin' awful to hear, and tho docthor could do nothin' for him. ' '? Tho heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of ovory other congregation, for ho was well liked by all, wero offered up, but in vain. " Ho was sineible enough, and, poor man, knew well, ton well, what lie was doin'. His heart was bruk. Yes, ho was possessed of a devil that would not, nnd oould not be driven out. "But ono day, as ho waa rampagm' as usual, talkin , about horse racin' and cock fightin', nnd gamblin , , and all kinds of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, nnd other murdherin , dhrinke, sure, a sthrango thing happened. Fathkii FoOARTY's F1UJNT TKETII FEW. OUT. " In a moment there was a change. " Fether Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer tho foul- mouthed, fiend riddon, gambler, tho drinking, toarin', swearin , reprobate, but the humble, pious, earnest sor vaut of God ho had been before hie athrango " Ho know what it was. Ho felt what it was. It was tho teeth done it. They had been mailo, tho dintist confesses it afther, out of the dico that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and ovil liver on tho diggings, nnd the black ?oul of tho licentious rowdy had, afther his death, hntinted tho dice, his /ami liar spirits during Ida lifetime. " At lasto, if it wasn't that," concluded Host Iiegan, with an air of conviction, "what was it ? " We none of us could solve tho problem, and oould only confuse, with Hamlet that--!/ the story Kf.rc true— there aro indeed more things in honvon and earth than oven wo dreamt of in our philosophy. 