" OUR STORY TELLER. UNDER A OLOUD, on .: . THE MIDNIGHT MURDER (Femn «h. Pasley and ct Itmoihin Gaiette, 1TO7) CHAPTER XXXI.L Limm aXN eD a rKT tKxnrXz=DLT nxD A .: . CLUEt TO TIIC MTTIKRT. The. other nan came forward at the moment, and the two met clone by the bash. ' Who's there?' demanded the new-comer, who could only ee a dark form standing in the gloom. mleas nie Don't you know me nman?' replied the other with a forced laugh. *How could Ibe sure who it was with that black shadow behind you. Where have yon blen? I waited in the house till I w-a tilL alnd haave been through all the grounds reeking you. 'Pon my soul, I was quite uneamy. Yon have never gone out alone till to-night' 'I tlhoght it was dark enough to risk it. I am sick of this inernal cooping up day after dav. You ask where I have en We!it to a place weire I wished to go alone' *h ! What place is thatV 'The old quarry.' Whew ! I should have thought the quarry the last spot yon would po to.' 'I forced myself to do it. Fact iL. Il hve got very shaky on that matter rince we came here, anil I thought a sight of the olace would 'srive away. the threatened blnes.-- Gad, .La was mistaken. -I should have cone in daylight, not in the dark ; the plare ooked so like what it did that Iiglt, and the whole ccue runclle so vivial co ,y mind that I felt my Ilivh ctrep and my hair rise. I actually thought I shoulil .tc him aplear tefore me. I couldn't soiul it. I had to Ialt at a run. I won't go near it ' ooh, you'l get over that. YoI ain't the man to become white-livered. Now that I look iiut your face Isee you are white enough fur a ghost yourself, and I believe you are all in a shake, tnoo.' '*Nt a bit of it. I am zetting better now. A ghlas or two of brandy will put me all right. Have you seen the old hag ' Save. I came upon her gathering herbs on the innor.' 'What like is sahe?' *A regular withered old witch, with a temper like Satan's, She won't leave the house.' * 'She wont" *No; she cdenes you to eject her, and spoke in a mysterions way of you having no power to do anything of the kind.' 'No power! I'll soon olhow her that. Well have the old hut pulled t tthe ground, and that will make her go. I can't feel afe somehow while she is in the neighltnrhood. Once we are quit of her and Liddle I would I not be afraid to show myself aroad ; but, curse it! I am told by Ilollison that I can't turn Liddle out of the farm till Martinmas, so I muot oknlk it for sir months yet.' ' No lhrlp for that, inleos yon go ,aeck to London ftr the time. As for the old witch, we can easilyi What followed was unheard by Lem, for the speakers had moved away towards the mansion, and their further conversation was lost in the distance. But the youth listened to all that we have recorded in a stlate of feeling which we can only descrihe as petre faction. The words an they fell to his ear were not clearly inelligihle, but he under stood this-that their full I"eaain. where that could ne got at, had a vital relation to the inscrutablle mystery of the murder at Greystone Quarry, and his heart hounded mitd throbbed almost to bursting, and every nerre'tingled as it lashed upon him that he had obtained a key which should unlock the hitherto impenetrable secret and demon strate the innocence of Gavin Liddle. This transporting' hope sent a rshll of feeling through his soul which, nearly ovrerwhelmed him by excess ecstasy. He waited silent, breathless and motion Ieis till after the last sound of footsteps had ceasel. Then he turned, dazed and dizzy, to his companion, whose presence he had quite forgot, for she had kept all the time as still as a stone. 'Elspeth, did you hear them!' he whis pared. The other made no response. 'Elspeth,' he repeated, 'did you hear what they said?' Still there was no reply; and Lem, in surpri, bent down and groped for her with his hand. 'Are you asleep?' he asked, on finding that his touch did not rouse her. Another pause : then a wild apprehension seizenl him. anal, snatchinag her in his anrms, le carried her forth to the middle of the avenue, where by the faint light be perceived to his intense astonishment and dismay that she was nsnk in insen sibility. CHAPTER XXXII. ELWCU AND LEM HOLD AeOTIER MKEMOR ABI MIDNIGIIT COXr?Ir qIC. Lemo was much shocked and alarmed by the dlicovery that KElpeth Raymond was in dead faint. He hal never knovn lher thua to snuccmb to terror. and tndler npreent cir cumstances the fact vas the more singular,; for there was nothing in what hal takena place calculated to produlce extreme fear or violent agitation. She had been brave and self-collected in what he deemed far more trying situations. To find her insensible. *therefore, was about tile last thing he anticipated. Yet it was so. She rested on the ground where he placed her without motion or con sciousness, and the efforts lie made to revive her, by calling her name, chafing hera hands, and paeing his finger lightly over her eyes, were fruitless. ' Then lie called to mind that at about a hundred yards' distance a little brook ran through a hollow, and lie spel away to procure water for her necessities. The only vessel for its conveyance was his cap, but the fabric thereof being waterproof it senred the purpose, and he managed to return with a quantity snulicient to produce a tangible effect. . - .;, . - ..When he got back he half expected tofind Sthat alisl hd rei-ived in hid ibeiicn . but no. '"She lay as he had" leftnher,- aml he poumlr ' the contento of his'cap fall on' her uptutt ed face.- The effLct was iinediatle. A sudden ishock seemed..to pass tlhroagh her boly. She drew her hands up and heavel a -heavy sigh. - - 'lhe youlhl knelt down and liftedl ier head against his knee.. 'Elapeth,' he aid, in a tone at once anxious and assuring, 'Elspeth, look up; there is no danger-there is nothing to fear. SGood God ! her reason is gone.' he added, as all ii a moment she emerged from insenai hility into.iiolent. action mid leapt to her Sfeet withl incredible activity. ; * Lem l.m I' she hoarely ejaculated 'Is .this tome Iorrible dream or is it reality! Oh,:it is'.nu. dream. The water youa k"havs das':el.in my fco tells me that -.iit is a reality which deprivled me of my -enses. Goa of heaven, what does it all iNay, be calm, dear Elspeth,' lie sootb inly returned. ' What we have ovcrlieanl -ia'aingularly mysterious, and prmissn to +throw light on the. inerutablae problemn SThis is a matter of joy to us all, and not ot fear. a'Be strong and brave, as yon are wont. -'for' it tillh require all our energy ard 'ingeanuity to follnv up tlh strange clue. My poor Elspeth,.how agitated you are ; haws you tremble and shliver. : Dear, delar, you are quite upaet. Wietoraidu i neatrer than your cottage; I will take you there, and-' - *Oh, Lem, you do not seem to know-you do not understand this dreadful thing that has overhelmed me. You could not cold not recgonine hin.' N'o, I eould not recognise him, for I never rsaw him before; utI had no difficulty in understanding that it was George Wilton I suppose the other mon is the person who gave you intimation of ejectment. As to the ntyle and character of their conversation I am at a loss asn yet to find the tree mean ing, but it pointed to a knowledge of the death of Harvey Rotherham, which-' 'Hush for God-sake, hush!' gasped Elspeth, with a fearful shudder. Where are they now-these.these-men?' 'They have gone into the mansion?' 'Didi he see sran SWho! The man whom Wiltona has brought to manage his affairs? Certainly not; neither of them eaw us, and know not we wereramong the blushes. When they were fairly gone I spoke to you, but found that you had fainted.' 'Wonder not at that, Lem-oh, wonder not. It is enough to overthrow my reason, to kill me altogether. One of them was inded lie lwhom you suppose, but the other is-el,, heaven, how dare I speak the name-how explain the amazing moys tery.' 'Dear Elepcth,' said the youth, 'the other can he no one but George Wilton, witth whloii I was aboet to seek an inter view.' 'No, lie is not George Wilton, though he ihas evidently asamed his name and per sotality. Horror, amazement, despair are overlwhelming me, but you will understand it better when I pronounce his name. Oh, my tongie clavea to tlse roof of my moiths when I attempt tountter it. I eannot so it bore, for he'may be at.hand and boos me Let isi quit this plane' though where to go I know not.' 'Come-with me to Westeride.' 'No, no-not there. To the noo for the preient, to the lut whlere I hlire been safe for all these years, though, as this night ihas shown, I have liused under a dream of false security. There.I am safe no longer. I mast flee before the morning light. Come, Lem, let us not tarry another instant,' Lem's asind was filled with the most intense apprehension. He had now no doubt that Elspeth's reason was shaken that, strained so long andl so severely, it had snapped alsat t. The situation was terrible for him. To be alone withl her in suelh a condition at that midnighlt hour, when lie could see and take counsel of ino one, was sufficientto ocase dismay. ]lut hie could not possibly leave her. She had a-vowel her resolution to retsrnhome. He woiuld acom pony her thither, and try to soothe liar book to rationality. They went on side by side in silence, Elspeth casting friglhtenedl looks behind and on either hand, her scarel aspect sufliiently attesting the terror undler which she labnored. When they got clear if the trees and hail passed fsrly ost into the moor this appre. pension of iuing falloieil or ubserven seemed to lesson, and instead of slirecting anxious glances around, shle loinie sore occupiedl sn gazing at Lenm, whose grave and distreseie countenance she could dimly dlisecern in the semi-darknssa. Suddenly she stood still, cast a rapid glance iu all directions and laid her hand tremilously on the youtlh's arm. ' Now we are in solitude, and t must speak,' she eaid. 'Ycs, I nmust speak, or my unaidec tlhoughts will trn ey brai. lie whom we saw yonder-he whomn you concludled to be George Wilton-is one who for imore thlan a year we have imaginedl to be lying in Blackford Clhurchyard. Lem, yon man is RooNer GAsrrAa.' Lem was silent for a mioment; but his look was one of deepest pity-its inmport im possible to mistake. Oh, Elepeth, ynou know that is impossible,' he said, very gently. 'You think it a fancy-a .delsion-the wild idea of an overturned mind. F'or Gaoil sake, Lem, dismiss that belief, or the con sequence may be such as you shall roe till your hair is white with age. I ass not mad. Iftherehad beena tendeney in ny nature towards that state I would bare been driven into madness long-ago; but, tor tured, agonized, asa hare been, my reason cresr yield., and it has not yielded now. I am as sane as yon are, aond I tell you armi yon. ine wa Rodney oCrvnld. Ikuow Itowu unlikely this appears to you-say, how impossible it seemis; but to me it is true oh, God, true beyond all doubt. Look well at me, Lem; there is light enough for you to see that there is no madness in my 6co' She flung back her long fronted bonnet, and exposed her pale, sad coimtenance full to his vierw. No wild, unsteady light gleamned in her eye. Shne was much excited, greatly agitated, but not more than hie had seen lier on previous occasions. A minutes earnest gaze convinca Ihim that his im pression was iunfounded, and it gave hinm unspeakable joy- to know it. His thought now won that (ctrge Wilton lend a strong resemblanee to Rodney Gorvold, and that y this resemblance she had been de. ceived. He fraonkly told hler so, but she shook her head with emphatic decision. ' Oh, Lem, one with a tenth part the reason to know Rodsney Garvall that Ihave, would not have beenr deceiveld by tihe resenm blaouse, however strong. Think you that I would mistake anyoie on earth for the destroye of msy life?' - 'I would not have e uancinid such a thing possible, Elspetl. had I not known tlnt itosisey Gas-sali in its-ol. You know it also.' 'I never doubted it till o-nighlt, but nowt I know Ihe is tnor dead. I cannot explain the mystery. I easn otly assert it to ke true. We hare beet ildiped by somifielsdiss achenme of his. The btoy found in the quart} was not hris body. .' os ti , could it be!' asked Lem, increitulously. 'That I know not.' It must have been a plot of his for the destruction of Gavin Liddle, or for some other object of his own. But P'roidenceis now interposing to defeat his machinations; and something tells me that at last the clue is put iinto your hand for the establishlent of Gavin Liddle's in nocence.' In spite of himself Lenm gave a wild start, and his heart experiened a mighlty throb. For the first time the poesibilityof the troth of what she said dawned ulmn him, but it was too bewildering to be grasped or retained.. It needed corrobomratv roicle tions.to give it ahapo iad islostanc. ,-As. yet itlseetom. a parasldx-th'i poasibsisty f the imponrihle-a thing not, ton ers-lited yet not tabs rejeted ifsit bgae. the least prospct of xplaining the mntstery of Grey. stone. Qu-rry, or the fsintest hlope of onde.. bri'oting to light abs rinacoeteo of Gie-ta 'Elspetli.' isv sooped, if os amre rsght, if this is Ilasiy Guarr-ld hie o pertonating George o miltoe.' 'He ir, asslloassu nLeelissahjet. lIs i to puontos thuro etate.' 'Ture plot sna terost) bold and darsag 'iot los hiold and dorrn1 furI his not e \- te ir this ba a weof his objict for ye sre. He hoegont iplotrfos-ot -hessh Is cian-rseml you alt atose t tisooftho e whlicphihh Tonuake clit asore niise forhiped turn tie n-allt hake re I f si difiiras lt,'se aroseel ifs steo notb to aliicaporaidiiy of heiiirillsoe any cshose, I sliterer isils-octes tuonlassnot see hon ' Isnls iisieiiiey ntlhld recipass were per \- huiamt, sio lilt po q ohvebe 'D.ii'tr letis pecpleg Jnaroes oat lirs-seist ontso thle rrscehmui byobe~ic~ hlite hs loluseic.' Ifeces us weheuuvoisild ier il thecy hil o:tt acersl l-wills time chicory V by3 otusshstl tie :1 ecloume hshssslf autli Inn iuone sissee hi. costs to l'.stlmie! lis hutiv tha~t si isa is-re ocesi Sby ossy of tiso \itlihor tie stilull tic ~Trs'og aI nesi an dire urelllisig 1.lays-s, It~nre- yhtotluer. Sbans, who wa H'r~nyollatn to base beta murdered. But he knows of a greater t danger still, the danger of meeting Gavin I Liddle, who would at once recogniso him as Rodney Garvald. Hence his anxietyL to eject Gavin from Westerside.' I ' By heaven ! the idea is obtaining colour t I and substance,' exclaimed Lem,' hill excite" meat now rising very fast, and his mind a rapidly veering to Elspeth's fixed belief. i 'This would also explain why lie hams ordered yo to quit the cottag. Can he I possibly know or suspect your identity!' I 'May heaven forbid,' said Elspeth with a violent shudder. 'Had that been so, Is would have been doomed to another fate. 0 o; I aom sure he has no suspicion that I am Lilly Rosedale; but God help me, he r may make that discovery any moment, and i my destruction will follow.' 'He shall not harm you,' cried Lem. ' I shall protect you against his cruelty and violence, I will confront and denounce him -numusk his imposture and-' SHush, Lent. There is no need for such a desperate course. We must think of him not only as my betrayer, but also as Lilly's father.' ' Oh, heaven, I had forgotten that fact,' said Lcm, turning pale with consternation. 'Alas, I fear matters are drifting into a position in which it will be impossible to keep the dear girl in ignorance of the blighting truth.' 'Oh, Lcm, I fear the same,' sighed Elspetl. ' Yet dreadful as Lilly's grief will be when she learns the truth, it must not be hill fromn her if the establishment of Gavin's innocence and the posession of your own rights depend on the exposure. 'My rights I will forego to scve her from the gony the truth will cause. Oh, Elspet, if the utmost :merifice of mine would save Lilly from this pain I would willingly and joyfully make it. What are wraltt, namc, or worldly position,. Nlien pi?ord in. a scale against' her haepinles I would relinquish these, and ten thousand times more for her sake.' 'I know it, my dear boy. I know the strength and sincerity of your love for her. at there is anuother to whom you owe a greater duty, and no one-not even Lilly must stand in the way of its discharge. The establishment, of Gavin's innoccence ls the first and paramount claim upon you. You have sworn to devote yourself to that above all things, and no motive on earth must tempt you to be false on your oath.' SYou are right,' returned Lem, drawing himself up witl rigid firmness. 'Iiis character must be rescued from oblilquy his name restored to honour, at whatever cost Lilly would be the first to say so if she had the opportunity of choice, and if pain and sorrow were to cone to her s the result, the knowledge that thect have helped to purchase Gavin's deliverance will contain a strong power of consolation.' 'Spoken like my noble, generous, high soulcd boy,' said Elspeth, in a tone of admiration. 'Let the right be done. It will be stie to bring peace and happiness in the end. Oh, that 1 lhad known this, and acted so when I too was young. IBut 1 sowed tihe seeds of folly and deceit, and the harvest has been bitter. I at the author of all the evil.' * No, Elspeth,' said Lem, his voice deepen ing to a tone of stern indignation. 'If our belief be true, the author of all the evil is in yonder mansion, and he remains as unre pentant, as wicked as ever. Even now he must be working at a plot of fraud and crime, the dark character of which we as yet faintly understand; but God helping mie, I shall search it out and defeat his fraudulent schemes. Only, dear Elspeth, I fear for you. He must have some reason of his own for drivinl you away.' 'I understand his reason perfectly,' re sponded the other. Doubtless lie read the report o the trial, and my evidence shows that I saw him that night following Mr. Wilton.' 'IHa! it is so,' exclaimed Lemn, as he called to mind the words he had heard spoken by the two men. ' From what they said I learned that he has reason to fear you, and that were yon and Gavin gone he would venture to show himself.' * Oh. Lem, toll me all they said,' cried Eispeth. 'I heard nothing, for no sooner did I se. Rodney than a mortal' terror seized me, and I fainted.' The youth recapitulated" the whole of the conversation to which he had listened, and as he did so more light broke on the minds of both. The words, so mysterious and prpexing to Lem when Iis ear caught t ha nw . dep aud startling signific ance, and raised a new and wild suspicion in the hearts of each, but the actual truth flashed on the mind of Elpeth first.' ' liy God,' she groaned, ' Mr. Wilton was murdered that night, and Rodncy Garvald is his murderer.' A cry of horrified anguish burst from the lips of Lem, and the violence of his sensa tions made him for some momenta blind and dizzy. The solid earth seemed swaying under him, tie stars overhead appeared to rush together in confusion. They had realied the cottage door, and lie fell heavily against it, so heavily that the frail latch, by which alone it was secured, gave way. The door flew open and had lihe not grasped the lintel he would have been precipitated on the gound. Tie spirit of retrospcctive.vision seemed to have takeu possession of Elspeth Hay omnd, and like lash after flash of inspira. tion the real character of Rodney Garvald's plot became plain to her. She divined everything with almost literal exactness and with a swiftness and certainty which excluded the operation of reason. It really seemed as if a supernatural intluence had come upon her with a special revelation, but doubtless her intimate knowledge of the character of Rodney Garvald and a bitter experience of his fraudulent practices dtiring the miserable years slhe had wandered with him helped her to an understauding of the mystery. lie this aa it msy, it was certain she had grasped the truth, and that all was plain to ler. The words which Lent had heard exchanged by Rodney Garvald and Abe Draper in the avenno-so dark and mysterous to him-were interpreted by her with wonderful accuracy. SAfter the first violence of the shock Lem Srallied a little and endeavonred to combat l the horrible belief which Elspeth had ex L pressed. ' No,. no,' he shudderingly whispered, 'that cannot-be. i It was not my father's body which was found in the quarry. :You forget that hn died months after, and was brought to Elinelie for burial.' r 'My poor boy, this .was all a deception,' remarked Elp th, tias they . enteredi the. cottage,and. took. u ,poaition ii. the dark' t intenrior? cib : .-as. ttiy. hadl occupied' on a memeieabli evening many months "lbefore, wher oLtem was told the story orfElspetlh's Slife That oecasion with all its circum stances ant feelingsrushed on their tnemory, and brought the ?ost. and the present together in close coniiection. It soetned the natural, thongli a dreadful sequel to that fornier interview, and promised to be far Smore pregnant with Etrong, decisive, and exciting action. .. . . ' ' A dleceptioln l' eujaclatcd Lem, i.n .a bewilderel tone, Ihe being as yet unable to perceive how this could be. ''Yes, a: deception;' repeated Elpeoth, *and one easy enough to such .a man as SItodniy Garvahl. But let os reason"it out from point to point; - That were tle words SI uttered when, more tthan a year ago. yeu camo to me with the intodligo see of the 'murdern Ere yona hat time to explain who was munrdered or who suspected, I leapt to r the eonclusion first that it was Gavin who thad liten niurdnerel by Rlodalney; then when Syou told me I was wrong in thatt, my con t vletion was that his victim was Mr. Wilton.. SDo you not remember my words, ntid how i they amazed you!' " t I o rememliei tiheli and also how slow Syon wilro to Iulieve that it was Rothcerlhai who was murdnered. I reollect your very i i words·. With horror-stricken face amid up *raised Itanda, you cxclainted,..' I know. his .1victim-it is tlthe lainl of Elmslie.' , I iremeinber also how dillicolt it was foryou to credit that itwSas Rotherh:in who nad been killed.' 'At first -I did not know tlhat Rodney Garvald had been passing by the nenme of Harvey Rotherhaon; hbt when I tearned that, my brain was cleared of its perplexity, only my reason and feelino constantly sserted that Rodney was t'e murderer instead of the victim. I judged so from the relative bodily strength of the cousins, and from the manner n whih I hadll seen Rodney following M r. Wilton along the path leading to the qunrry. When it seemed ertain that the body fond was that of Rodney my reason was silenced, but it refused to be convinced. My instinct rebelled, and now it is shown that my intinct was true. Rodney murdered Mir. Wilton, and changed clothes with the body.' ' Good heavens i could tlhat e the case!' cried Lem, as the first unfolding of the mnytery burnt npon him. I m certain of it;as certaninan if I had seen it done,' added Islspeth. 'Oh ltt was a master-stroke of fiendish genius l It's oucees was perfect. It kept suspieion fromn falling on himself, and brought it on the innocent bead of CGavin Liddle. The face of the corpse was defaced paot reognition,. the clothes were taken as the mceans of identifi cation, and these being in a moment reconised as the garments worn by the otrolliog player, it noa; nquesotiooingly asumnnd that the bedy woo that ofliarvey Rotherham. Rodney most have counted on this, and he would know, too, that Gavin would he charged with his imurder. Ilow these fiendish caleolations awere realised we all know to our hitter sorrow. (To be continuedl.) - 