ffilerftft f gefcg* THE OLO8ING SCENE. tPithin the sober realms of leafless tiees, The rnaset year inhaled the dreamy air ; J3ke some tanned reaper in his hour of ease, When all the fields are lying brown and bare. ^be grey bams looking from their hazy hills. O'er the dim waters widening in the rales, $eat down the air a greeting to the mills, On the doll thunder of alternate flails. £11 aightswere mellowed and all sounds subdued. The bills seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, The banners bright with every martial hoe, tfow stood like some sad. beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in time's remotest clue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his fliefat : She dove scarce heard his ?igMng mate's com plaint ; And, like a star slow drowning in the light. The village church vane seemed to pale and faint. 'The sentinel cock upon the hilMde crew Crew thrice— ana all was stiller than before. Silent, till some replying warder blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. 'Where erst the j*y within the elm's tall crest Hade garrulous trouble around her unfledged And where' the oriole bong her swaying nest, By every light (rind like a censer swung ; 'Where sang the noisy martins of the caves, The busy swallows circling ever near, foreboding as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year ; 'Where every bird that walked the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To wain the reaper of the rosy east — All now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, p'ped the quan. And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone, the plea«snt drumming in the vale, Made echo in the distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowars ; The spiders wove their thin shreds night bynight, 'The thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by— passed noiselessly out of sight. Amid all this— in (he most dreuy air. And where the woodbine shed upon the porch Jts crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch ! /mid all this— the centre of the ssene. The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheels, and with her joyless mien Sat like a fate and watched the flying thread. -She had known sorrow— he had walked with her. Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And in the dead leaves still she heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. 'While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom Ber country summoned, and she gave her all. And twice war bowed to her his sable piume— Be-cave the swoid to rust upon the wall. He-gave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow ; Uor him who, to bis sire and country true, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Xonjj, but not loud, the drooping wheel went on, Like the low murmur of a hive at noon ; Xong but not loud, the memory of a gone Breathes through her lips a sad and tremulous tune. At last the thread was snapped —her head was bo wed, Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene, -And loving neighbors smoothed her careful shroud, While death and winter closed the autumn scene. 