All old Londoners, and many a thousand London viators, remember the Polytechnic Institution, with its diving faeli, its startling Pepper ghost, its toy centrifugal railway, its lectures, its microscopic tevslationE—its thousand nnrl (me scientific wonders, in a word, that made the young viator feel the t whole thing to be a -word sort of joy and surprise. Alas for the memories of tile past, the old Polytechnic is no more. The returning Cockney or the returning country cousin may find its p place, but not itself. That has vanished into the invisible, but the rempm'&erable.; Yet we most not say, alas, in the absolute Eense^.qf ^ the dieaplace of scientific pe&zsnce; of the. unmixed evil to be ramm£ -ver. -UhTfi the new thing that replaces one is also a ^rn^ to re) raceover, and indeed, it is quite an srgnable matter whetiier the change that has been wrought be or be not in favor of the new as against the old. Doubtless, the Polytechnic of the past gave not oi." : y innocent fniHrijnrmwnt to its patrot^. but, to tiiose of them who had the eyr to see and the ear to hear, it gave also solid education in the ehape of facte, and ideas bom of the facts andiichly seminal—ideas potentially creative of new developments of discovery and invention. For nBe ignores the Etrict prepriBtifiB of etymology, and gives a quite different covery. Bnt if the old abolished Polytechnic did all that, the institution which iias fal™ its plnpp "fnlfilc at least as creditable, and in some respects more important social function. Under the head " A noble and a needfnl work," an English paper gives some interesting particniare respecting ihe consecration of the old place to the service of the young apprentices and artisans of London. The story is told by Archdeacon Fareae, and his hero is Mr Qctstik Sogg. The Polytechnic that wee is now a sort of mechanics' institute, a coffee palace, a gymnasium, a xsmseriaE of dubs, a EavingE hank, an ambulance school, a f newspaper office, a volunteer room, and other things, all in one. It is a grand home and refuge for tie youth of Xitmskm, or a portion of riwmilat any late, where they canhave companionship, entertainment, instruction, guidance, help in a manifold form, and at that period in life -when those advantages in a imge wilderness like London are FIIA, of inestimable value. ArdriaaBon. FAEBAR nayE:—««The Polytechnic (for die old name afill Hugos) is cnppiyinp onS nl the most pressing needs of London' Kfe. It has Ircsdb the jsi^est, the best-appointed, and tiro most successful youths' institute in London. It has on As -books upwards -of 2000 members, and 1100 aare are waitanc( for •gwraTnripB." This givea an inkling of its pofmhaity -amongst those for whose -wdfare the new creation exists. And-that it has a prauiical •working-is rfiown in fte statement -by die sidid8acon, tiiat"Sie Po}ytBtinic boy8 won AmrlmtiiiMfafa fnr^ii'mriajir |duillbillg, photogcajdiy, and carriaee-bnildmg, at the last tnuiMMiima of (he City and Gmlds' Tetimical Institnfce, Ttiicb are open ip a]] camera from all die technical colleges -and institutes in tile CTnited Eingdom. _Baf -iiat vss not -all. The aHiletic dnb plaved' moce -cacket and football aatxifaes than any ether athletic chxb in london. Star flie Jastwmter dassas 9000 tickets still had to be prorided for'6000-atihe next ~ die sao aEsncfala^gead to youth, jand Sn Ause of ao ly -Auloree in mrnilar dnmawlmg gome atteBtian. The ftnnneioway, "Xw. onsandsof clergymen and BOOT® of aetzes." A more splendid declaraion of a more splsndid exmcple of dividual devotion and success in the nterests of youth, and of youth in a lace of extraordinary danger, ^e do ot know where to find. The EuraesE f Mr HOGG'S -wort is one more illusration of what is posfflWe to individual nitiative when it is bora of ^ naiitiflS which Archdeacon Fxeleae scribeB to Mr Hogg. We highly mt. se io m l " t p l n eUsh, too, the proud independence of utside aid which marked the labor wl the great success of Mr Hogg's evotion to the young lads just enierng ]ifa upon the stage of -so variously c s angerouE a theatre as that of London life. Mr Hog<; left Earn ollege in 1SG3, and at once started a ragged school, adding to that a home for street boys. This developed into a free night school ; some of the boys became apprentice^ and ior them by 1S73 a higher class of school was tfevised. as also & Bible class for Sundav evenings. The bovB were entrusted with the management of these developments of the original essay. Toe thing grew, clases were affiliated to the 'South -Kensington Institute, larger premises were obtained in Long Acre, they became by 18S1 too small for the ever-increasing press of lads eager for Mr Hogg's place of refuge nnri advancement. "And then Mr Hogg purchased, for a very large sum, the vacant Polytechnic, and now there are 2200 members, and more than 100 lads have booked their names, pud their small entrance fee, and are waiting their turn to be elected." MrHoiJG's wisdom is shownm his giving to the lads a self-governing organisation, and the archdeacon says " they maintain throughout the whole body a healthy moral tone. They do not appear to be goody-goodieE. but they have no dice, no billiards, no in tori eating drinks, no smoking," and everybody will agree with the archdeacon as to the importance of such homes being provided for die hosts of young men fl™-t-rnjTto large centres of population. There is no religious test at the Polytechnic, and there is no shoddy, bnt all is sound e and true, -the dement of self-government so far .having proved to be a A gigiwl snccess; the youths, moreover, having passed callB a self-denying ordinance, by which " any youth coming to London from die country shall be elected at once, before he has had time to fall among bad companions or form pernicious habits." We close this notice of a great good work with the fallowing eulogy and appeal from Archdeacon p c r t i Fabrab's earnest and elqqnent pen, in hopg that it may induce others to go and do as "Mr Hogg has done:— Mr Hogt, has devoted to this high object his time, bis energy, and A large portion oxhis fortune. "While others have ttlfrpri, he has worked; while others have been deploring the existence of evils, he has been seeing to remedy. HE has bad his reward in accomplishing work which has not only been to thousands an inestimable boon, -bnt which also SHOWS TIIEright way to set about the task. That -task-must be undertaken, on every ground, whether religions or simply by all who desire to COUNTERACT the dangers and evils which RNIN so many thousands of YOUNG persons in .LONDON and Nathaniel Mtirath, THE victim of the MSRderooe assault at Bnninyong on KEW Year's night, waa not ABLE to appear AT the BUNIN- YVNG POLIOS Courtyesterday, when Mountedconstable Slater AND Sergeant O Neiii surrendered to their bail. AB hie inability to attend bad been anticipated, Mr "Salter, solicitor, remarked to the bench that, on behalf o Mr Gannt (who would appear fcr Mr M'Giath) end Mr Pmlayson (instructed by Messie "Wa-TMNIMFL Pearson) for the defence, he-would ask for an adjournment; the counsel concerned .having agreed that it VIE ATTENDING two days instead of one. Mr AKE- J :t, the police flfciagutnle,spoke -rery INR^IIY tin this arrangement by the coanee), and said he entil EIY -disapproved ci EACH condiidonsmade outside the court. -He would not recognise THFTM. NTR,? LIYALL, who was present, he understood was proseca- TOR, and he did not «EE WHAT RIGHT A PRI^TE prosecutor had to APPEAR AT all. Superintendent Hyall SAID he. HAD nothing to do with the arrangement, and was. ready to go on. Mr ALRPH.II.1. IMI'IARFCWL THAT Dr Hardy bad, npon bis oath, STATED that Mr M "Grath would be able to appear, and twenty-two WITNESSES bad been aubmmaed, while the court was specially fired for eleven o'clock. TTLTI- .MT»!Y XFR FL FC»HM»IT mif? IRANM NNT IRTWIRT upon the case going on, «nditwas arranged that only Dr BaflnlifiW, who visited Mr M 'Orath that YNWMINGF, AHNNLD PIVE .his evi dence. He did so, ANA BEVTND facte which Dr Hardy bad sot mentioned, came oat. Afterwards the case was adjourned -until next Friday, at ten o'clock. The pplice court was crowded during the proceedings, which lasted an HONF and a half. A full report will be fonnd in another colnmn. Cnlnnpl Disney, the newly -appointed commandant of the Victorian forces, assisted by Colonel BNMMCIR^, and Majnr Fellows, .held an inspection of "Vnlnntescs and recraits for the 'Militia, iast evening, AT THE Alfred Hall The gallery was crowded with ladies, anxious to BEE the future militiamen of the colony. There were about ISO members of the Billazat "Volnnteer BAUGD^ present, including about sixty from Cteswick and RSMRA under Ijientmant-Colonel Sleep The tither oSoers PRESENT WERE CaptainE Keatch. Boolton, Mann, and Saalier The reemits pneeenl numbered about S00. The VALM^SBVERE PET THROUGH A NCMOER C-f movemaakifiy CAPTARFB MANN and KWSTRB, which URNY very creditabiy. The Eogliatufiaeta, U IUI -A caitical eye, inspected the -and and also the. arms OFMTE FORBKI. They ezpneassd tjiem- xelvee .WELL]|DEABED .st THE appearance of JBS ""^"FLWI Oolonel DISNEY complimented theOenriokasdCinnea men TM the-manner J in which TFAEY WANT "IHROACH THE DISAENT MOMNAIFS. int NOT THE LIILLUSI TTDANTMC, who did NOT giftnLn tome FLFFIMH movements POEFOEUY. THE battalion will be disbanded Tiert WETK, and itis expected That the AWESRING^N papers ior the new Militia will be ready the week after next. The colonel ac3 irin tm NFFITTA WNIKTHBIMFLRMBTII^FI^ M cf the BRITISH army. A roostDESTRUCTIVE fire RA^ED on Mx JOHN WRHDAO'E-FANN -ST TCAU«NHE<P. MBOUT ELEAN o'clock NO Uiuwday sight T^£«MESWCERE visibleinnn Ballaiat, and a UKMESEER ar- TIRADASKTCC£RIRSWUTMIIEE<^K>E fire brigades. The steam £re-cngine cf THE Ballaxat brigade IS being tepalt'id NNDWAS nsablelo beaent out. A large-xmmber TIF FLIIJI RIPMPNL however, WENT OUT with tfaeirstouQ fire-aicine and reached , THE fire about one o'clock. The engine PROVED ot immense vahxe, and the firemen WNRIED like Trojarm. S00 feet of IMSE WAS uted, and-TIMNGH-water BAD TO b- primped up AN incline 40 .FACT in height TWO STREAMS WERE eoonat wurk on the flames The^fire broke out in A stack cf .straw containing about "130 TOCI.' This Btact. -and A stack, containing about 100 tons, LANJOIMNE were CDmplebSy destnijred. SIDLES which the and a nhaff^mtting amd xtamsabio aestiOTea % fee. G The results oi fitsmataiceUaon and avil rrice ezuniiuitioiiE np toyeBCerdsy will be nud pohliahed in siiotlier r-ninfflTi. U The ordinary meeting of the Water Comission w&e; held at the office, Lerastpert, s m ast night, -when the chairman (Mr J. ii. Wilson) presided, and Oommimaonca taaxon, WilliarnE. Sooit, una Thompson mre w resent. The correspondenee lnclnQed a etter from the B.F.E., stating that tiey aid ot understand that they had to pay:tor fe« \- ^ ^twould interfere with active ractice. - 6 The - matter — was referredto ' — -the hairman, ior him "to confer npon it with the epresentatives oi tie brigades, it being inimated that the commission had no desire to nterfere with the practice, but wanted more are taken in handling the plnge. The chairman informed the commission that the conumption of water for mining purposes had fallen from an average of about 40,000 gallons per month to less than 10,000 gallons. Commissioner Thompson gave it as his opinion that this would be ionnd to be the minimnm, and that the consumption would soon increase. The halfveariy balance-sheets gave the expenditure at £2252 lis Id, and the receipts at £699S 7s 3d. The auditors, Messrs Downee and Chalk, reported the books and accounts to be correct and in good order. The balancesheets and report were adopted. The retiring auditor was re-elected. The commission then went into committee nn nnancin.1 affairs. The election of committeemen, honorary medical omcer, and auditor for the BjQIuat Hosjutal, pfrp^Tii^tpd at the Mechanics' Institute yesterday, caused no inconsiderable excitement. The polling began at noon, and continued till seven o'clock: Mr C. Salter, the newly elected president, presiding, and Mwnn Bechervaise and -BawliogB frliing the onerous positions of auditors. The friends of the -different manifested the greatest interest in the electaons, and as a consequence of the work done the votes palled, Sol, made the highest total number ever polled as yet at any election in connection with the institution. The retiring honorary medical officer (Dr Jakins) was re-elected, having a substantial majority of 36 votes over the next on the poll, the totals being. Dr Jakins 148 votes, Dr Usher 112, Dr Woinarski 9L Of the committeemen the five retiring .members were re- elected, and Mr Permewan was elected 'to the vacancy caused by the Hon. J. Campbell not offrrnir; himnalf for re-election. Mr J. Hiftrman headed the list with 316 votes, and the other saccessfnl candidates polled as .follows:—Mr Lewis, 292; Mr G. Smith, .245: Mr Permewan, 214; Mr Higgans, 210; Mr Fitzgerald, 1S2 The nnsncosesfnl candidates were, Mr G. Perry 167 votes, Mr J. C Molloy 141, and Mr J. 3.6nber44. Out of the seven for the laoditorahlp (taceMrM'Millan) Mr SpiUninTi was elected, having 94 votes. Mr Lake had 89 votes, Mr Downee 61. Mr Kent 45, Mr Thomson 37, Mr Swiitti 15, Mr Bagsbaw 10. The jirociripnt: nnri «f>rTrtjnpprH had no light work to do, for tile examination of the ballot lasted until after eleven o'clock. A meeting of the stewards of the Lai Lai Falls Tori Club was held at Hager's hotel yesterday afternoon, when there was a good attendance. Mr Hager occupied the chair. After tiie routine business had been settled, and the accounts in connection with the late meeting passed ior payment, a lengthy discussion ensued on the advisability of getting the branch railwayliae from Lai Lai to the course constructed before next New Year's. Day. A letter was read from the Secretary of Railways, in answer to one oent to the department a short time since, stating thattheir cmnmnnicatian had receiveddne consideration. It was then decided to improve the grand-stand by it further ao that there would be room in front to have a nice iawn, and make the stand laiger, to hold 400 or 300 people. A vote of thanks to the chair closed the meeting. A very ingenious piece of swindling was done this week by an individual who victimised two jewellers in this city, and is now wanted by the police. On Tnesday a welldressed man went into Mr Gasser e shop, in Bridge street,, and obtained a gold Waliham watch, giving a cheque for £17. drawn on the Ararat branch of the London Chartered Bank, in payment for it. The purchaser, in proof of his bona tides, showed a bank-book ior that bank, from the entries in which it appeared he hud a balance of over £2100 in the bank, and bis chcqne was accepted without demur. On the same day a customer, presumedly the rame person, gave Mr A. f Marks a tern. He got an English gold watch there, tendering a cheque ior £14, drawn on the same bank, in payment, and producing a bank-book showing the some credit hatanrf, to assure the tradesman that be had fimds wherewith to meet the cheqne. Yesterday the jewellers reserved intimation -from the thjit the cheques were .not provided for. A scene which occurred last night at the gathering of the Salvation Army at the Galloway monument was not one creditable tc this city. A crowd of young fellows, evidently intent on breaking up. the service, gathered round the army and the camp followers, and st a given closed in, and some of them threw eggs at the leaders of the army, fillingthe air with a yoke, which, ii not neayy, was not endurable, and an odor almost sfeong enough to fracture the adjacent masonry. Then the roughs broke up the meeting, and the conduct of the Assemblage generally was not such as to recommend the street services of the arniy to the public. If occurrences of the kind -which disgraced Stnrt street last night are repeated, the authorities will have to step in and prohibit street Eerneee altogether. iessrs D. M. Daviee and A. Young, M.T. A., waited on the hon. the Minister of Eailwaysin reference to the erection of a goods shed at Smythesdale. and a passenger station at Scarsdale. The Minister said it had been decided to erect both, and that the work would be proceeded with as soon as A destructive .fire occurred this afternoon . at the farm of Jdi* .Sonahaw,. jiear the Trawidla railway station. By some means not yet explained, a large haystack, containing about 170 tons, took fire,and notwithstanding the strenuous efforts of the neighbors, it was almost totally destroyed. It was not known w3uether.it was insured or not. The receiptson the. Victorian Sailways for the week -ending 3rd January were £54,155 19i. "The receipts for "the corresponding week of 16S3 waa £45,5S612s. The 38th ordinary general meeting of the Ballaiat Banking Company win be held at xhejriSee, Lydiard street, on the 1st of next month, at four o'clock in the afternoon. Particulars will be found in our advertising An accident that might have resulted happensd at Sebsstopol last Thursday evening. Mr Sanmel Clark, of Beverin filrfft, was dndrngmg bis gun for .some parpoBe when tbe ehot hit two of Mr OharSes PnaiEr's rhildreo—one the ear, and the other in the arm. The distance was rather far for the shot to take great effect, but as it was the children leeeivsd rather a disgareeable injury. There is a little mgi-Tf^tfTnrT township, not 100 miles imm-Baliazat, with a population of 240 amis. Tim place con- -tains a flourishing lodge of Good Templare, with a incmfaeiship xu lSO. and also three botds. Query—How do tbe eixty wijo are not Good Templars manage to tupport three pnblixdiouses, or one for every twenty souls? , Dining the h^Trnp of the charge against Sergeant ffSeii and Constable Slater yesterday, forasssnlring Mr IT. M*Gcatbai Biminynng on I\ew Year e night, a somewhat remarkable discrepancy became a^jpatent in the . miwlical sndence of Sib ..Hardy and Baddiffii. Dr Hardy gave his evidenoe BE yceterday week, .and Dr ft^Jifr^ who saw Mr M'Gcstb twice, gave ins yesterday, la addition to Dr Hardy's evidence, Dr J5£adclifiedepoeedtbatMrM'GtaathwasraiSEering frpm concnssion of the tnainwhen be-saw him rm tfee 4th. He adso mentioned ttiat liewnandsinihe- fmdimamdtbBiMcktif the head bad been stilEkedrup. MrAkeimrEt ManKked that it <naa -nsty .ataange J>rHardyhari »<aH rmtimmaahngtOTmaiM oT the imn and tbe st&chim;: sop of the Baa<3iffe, "with. iOT ion, thnnghtitwaaapityliiE ned ^at an anfier stage of the Dr ^Badi£Ss « B 9b 11t*Qnih lauuoaiy, Anttanmld ourley and Chas. Grr at the ^eEtein c M i S S S ^ S t e her trial ^fenext a S T S S " . BLIL w^s aUowed M one i g urety of £30, or two of £25 Frederick Keafc, the youngfei^h^ as abaileeof aj^teh tom Mr Gerard jeweller, pleaded guilty at the to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. On l h f S : of house-breaking an* ta^F on -premises of Mr J^EPH G R A H ^ P ^ smier ^remanded to appear sti^ertnn on the 16th instant. _ _ A meeting in connection with the TOWN MISSION Temperance Society was held TM Thursday evening, The hall was comfortably filled and a good PROGRAMME RS presented. After singing A hymn by the CTMR and audience and prayer by the PRESIDENT, Mr D. Brown read an original piece of «>etry composed for the occasion, and introduced the meetings f or" 1SS4. The Bev. Mr Bichardson delivered a short address, and NRGED the Blue Kibbon paper. Mr TK. fcanbacb the originator of the Bine Bibbon IOA, was also on the platform, and was applauded by die audience. Mr Field presided at tie piano, and sang together with Mns TRFANT^ MIFFI Field, MrSherbnrn, MrButiand and Master Spencer Hosking. Excellent and lirilling recitations were delivered by Messrs H- and A. Tootle, Master Bndolphand Miss Martin, Mr Sherbnrn, and an original toncoing piece bv Mr C.Stnneman. Tncdoxqlogy and benediction brought a most entertaining and instructive meetiug to a close. The scratch pairs in connection with th E a City Botring Club were brought to a finish w last night, when Barber met Lawne for the final heat. Barber led from the start, and finally won easily by fivelengths, tfanseecoring the trop'nieE, The names of the winners are—J. C. Barber, stroke; J. Bowen, bow; Master Hollander, coxswain. The JMIRNAL picnic of the LO.G.T. of Ballarat was held at the Gardens yesterday, and proved a most enjoyable outing. The Friday half-holiday, of course, materially helped to IRRFV" the gathering the successml one it was, and, especially in the afternoon, the congregation waB a very large one. ALthough the weather was rather too warm .for outdoor sports, they were nevertheleBS heartily indulged in, and with ioot-xxces, cricket, croquet, FCC., the time WAS VEY pleasantly passed, the picnic being about the most successful yet held. The formal induction of the Rev, Julius Lewis, for some time vicar of Ghnst CIMRCB pro-Cathedral, to the parish of Maryborough, was bald OH Thursday evening. The induction ceremony was performed BY the Bishop of "F^'T-*, assisted by other RD»I JJYNW. The .list of oontrrbntora to the testimonial to -be presented TO -the Bev. 3. Lewis will shortly be closed, and intending contributors are requested to forward their contributions to Mr, TT. if. Acheson or Mr E. J. Webb, the joint HON. secretaries, at an early date. Travellers have for some time been complaining of the dangerous state of the HAPPY Valley bridge and approaches on the BIGGOreet and Happy Valley road, where a siding, a steep hill, a narrow bridge, and a sharp I.MI* , make road anything but a ssfe NNP IFF fraser -and the other members for the east riding of GrenvUleshire have b»en I TO get effected at the dangeroUB spot, and tendery for raising .and widening the bridge, have been twice invited by the council, but tiie amount of the lowest (£4O,) was more than could be spent on that locality, and no tender was accepted. "We L""-" that a meeting under the auspices of the Ballaiat Turf Club is likely to be held on Easter Monday, the 14th April, at the Dowiing BAREST CIIURW, and the framing of a programme on a liberal scale will be considered at a MPRTING of the committee called for Tbursdavnext. A magisterial enquiry was held at EXSPK£ : E hotel. Trunk Iiead. on Thursday, by Mr Hairy Proctor, J.P., on the body of Chinese miner named SNN Gip, who was killed in the Trunk Lead claim oc the previous day. A m-.tt, Bowker, captain of the Ehift during which the accident occurred, deposed that he WM told there was a man smotaiered, and on going to the place, found that a fall of earth had occurred, and that deceased's body was covered, except one foot. Assisted to get the body out as soon as possible. Witness supposed the deceased had driven the laths in too far before putting the false set in, and believed that had dogs been used, of which plenty were provided in the mine, the accident would not HAVE occurred Ah Chin, deceased's mate, said he wont away with a truck. Heard deceased driving in the laths, and then heard the fill of earth. Charles Stewart, inspector of mines, stated that he had visited the place where the fall of earth occurred. Believed the accident was caused by the ground settling ON the paints cf -the 1 ^ and no dogs being used to prevent tbe timber csstiug- The gronnd waB cry. and safe to work with ordinary care. I)r Stewart deposed that he had made A examination of the body of the di-crawd. The face and neck were livid, and witness believed WAS caused by asphyxia, and the presiding magistrate returned a verdict that the was accidentally killed by a fall of earth in the Trunk T^*.^ OR- THE 9th instant. There was a blank DUET AT the BNNGAREE Police Court cm Thmsdaylast. M^BARRH"", J.P., was in attendance. Our TIFIAI inmith ' N'^WW^WTF -WRITES:— The crops throughout the district are now fast aueciiiiibing to the reaper, and by THE end of tbe present week thera, will be very little left standing. Throughout the wMfm there HAS been a general OF harvest hands, ana wages M R<WTP^' LT " IWI HAVEla'I'11 higher thsn umal, 6=, and in some cases 7S, per DAY having been paid. Thanks to the reaper and binder, SEVERAL fanners have been comparatively independent DF the labor others vainly stxove to TRFRTTTN Xne great advantage of rnrh AN important invention to the "farmer is more THAN ever apparent, as it is calculated that IAIWO seasons at the most it will dear itself, besides being -relieved of a vast amount of worry and ANnoyance generally. The hay crop is now being gathered into the stack. The weather on tbe whole, although changeable, has notbeen altogether unfavorable. The district at present is being THREATENED LOTH immocse swarms of locnats. which de V our every- green thing. In the neighborhood of COGIUU'S Creek they have been very NUMEROUS, and arc MIGRATING sostiiwards. THPY are not, however, bo numerous in the district as they were same ten or twelve years ago." Several pprnrmB were FMM 5G TO 10s with costs AT the CSty Police Court yesterday, for having no boat licenses, asd for having SO licenses to act as boatmen. Pnuessar Esiriy, AT RMRTK AMWI^ - tuner, was 'to have delivered a lecture on "XNE treatment of the horse," at the Alfred Hall assembly-ZOCM^ast evening, but owing to the Vohmteer DI^ILAY in THE large hail, the attendance was WI^ THE proftBeor SID sot apeak. To-inght be will dilate on thif subject at tbe Temperance Hall, sod M NIW-PR^INTPLA-NY is WFFLILY TO TBAT of ProfeBaor Sample, of Melbourne. the£UBjeti:timoldi>einteieaiing. " The DOMNG service in connection with the services IWN^ field -fay the lialiarat £M* F^ICAL Alliance was held last night in -tile Wesleyan Church, Lydiard THE BEV. FTJW immi canducted the devoticaial ssrvica, and the Sev. W. L. Morton prpacfaefl from Bsv. VIL, xiii. At the cioee of the sermon a ..ITH cammmrion service was beld, -there being PRESENT 280 communinrnts. the FOLLOWING ministers PARI-'—BEVE. J. A. Ssaart, A. B. SDEAR, J. P. ll*€han, J. VT. TngWa, T. AnamsoD, J. the BEV. H. Eichsrdeon ^E- IRRECNIG^IIE ^ITIP^G M^MWA. FLVNI FIRNT TO IAST the meetings HAVE been VBQ STTEADEDF AND prodnctrre of MIRT GOODWILL -MMON^T TIIE ^XRITME timrobee of the dty. _As AM enoense of this theiblfanring xsmaten next Sunday s-^R-sve. »t «4even;*nd tite Sera. X TNARFC in tfaevvesmg. Kirhrd Sshoels, a ]VIBMG..IAAA LIVING in Bovstcm, iwhile at UTE WATBEM NIHRAJ ^wo hoy. Mmed Qmim, aped to y*mm, ecednmiastlbB ^ BbSoe Onrt ted^Sh fhaBsal * - osts, for nsng insulting langoaoe JT^ r Stewart in the discharge of hif Eallmg a magpie, or, as it Was Pn, C ?!!! nd maliciously killing a bird ordi-"* t™ 5 *? n a state of canfinsiad,^ 4 oodly sum at the City Puiics Cmi day. One of the muraereiB o ; t- ' aitr ' was fined £1. with 40= damag^,!;^^ costs,- and inecoiiipaiiion in crim» L. in the sum of £1, with 12s fid 33ie Melbourne correspond^' • Ararat Advertiser write:—" jj ' tf and Bent are distinguisaio th.-, • Calcutta, though in lather'diffS!'"'? * tions. The Hon. ThomsE is ; B become quite a social success, and r - far outrun bis companion inventor tf vi* n in thisdirrcticn. The Bun. John f ^^ tati reason or other, has wrapped cloak of taniuiniil.y and exclnjiTej,^"- 11 1 On Monday last (says the Aran'. • tiger) a warrant was taken out fcr tn of Henric Bosett for issrncr a v i® 1 ? 21 cheqne. Eoeett commenced hJr^ Ararat as a pork bntcher at the ead^- " , week, and onMonusy uiuminf i district, TwochetraeE, one io- jjoo other for £50, nave since beui EoBett, and returnedby the bark, r t: ' late hour tm Thursday night ths nat^1^ been arrested, bnt he is snDDostd t, • — Refemng to the sunercrt: cv the ar,^ - at the Union mine, the T^iUt ~L±ad~r^:~' 1 1 Beckman, one o: the v.::: r-— recent accident at t!:e i". mine, Mount Greenock, was cV ic- - time on Thursday, ana Selihcrc iid't;^ re progreesiDg satisfactoriiv. bose precarious condition we renat^ our last issue, has taken a rather able turn, but Dr Bobmson is no: aicj,'^ aamred thereby. During the dav r» anna! to be progressing, bat atnirht deliiisa^ in and he ie very low." ~ The inquest on the bady cf Tcona- Wiu thington, who was killed at th Meng dan, Majons. on "U'ednesd-T fl? was held (says the Srroid) st the coe7-'cj£' Majorca, on Friday morning, bef nr» II- Jr tiie coroner. A verdict was returned ii,- deceased met hie death by miniver--! thnmgh a fall of earth. Ko humst: attached to die company. ' Mr Bantam, P.M. (says the fc spected the Pentridge Etcckade oa Wedm fay, when the notorious Heraiirv tu brqa^it brfnre Mm. charged witiT viiaA rvHiwlnig eftets of the warders tc sairch cii Since the occurrence the prisoner has confined under separate treatment, asi ^ i been carefuliy watched both by night u. I day, «It was thonght he might dc iej^ c bimftnlf or others. When brought beforeSfc I : Piuilua he appeared to be sorry for hit duct, and asked to be dealt iauentiy viu Mr Bantam pointed out to the prisons;^ j foolishness^of bis conduct, and passed »ta. tence of three months' additional iconcment, tut stated that if his conduct is good in futaire, such sassence woola b Dr Beaney, ALL.C. (says the--irtresi is ! met with a ratiirrsevere accident,' iari^ | sprained bre ankle in getting out of a bsjgj" fie has been confined tc his bed sines aci. day. Mr Kfifwd (says the Argv*) ^ ^ return from Sydney, prespnted each memo; j of tbe Convention ana other Tim.nnu^pubHc men in New South Wales withcopis of the slaijiUfi passed in the last scssint C the Victorian Parliament, with a riev t ! showing tbe great resultsachieved viaa j the foui months' sitting of the Among the other gentlemen who receirs the Arts waa Sir Alrred Stephen. Liecasc; Governor and late Chief Justice c; Knr j South Wales, who, in acknowledges n— has remarked that they bear evidence oi ij. and la-bnoons work, and include maor tn sures which might with great saruuis it ] introduced into .New South Wales. In a letter receivedfrom Liliywhite by1L- John Conway, of Sydney, the ny; Lillywirite mentions that it i£ ss-.d i: | cricketing circles in England that rr. ih-- lebone Cricket Club have given Lorc'c zrtti: free of cbaige to the Australians ior ai nc j matches to be played there. The Cabinet (aays the J rgu^) had a Eitsc ' on Thmsdaj, at which conEidera-ricn viz given to the appointment of the menijct tile Public Service Board. In atEEta tiirongh iltnpffw of the Attorney-Gosri. j : rmal tiecisioD could not be arrived at, as bi | opinion is required on several quEsiiots o:: iynhnTcal and 1egal nature. S'o osaal nouncement will be made before next vsi. It ie generally understood, alrncoiih wi not formal authority for saying ;;. is selection the Gorannueat bas made is lows;—Mr E. S. Symandf, tn= Cm: : Tiwinei; Mr J. M. Tsmpietot.. c j Naaanal Mutnal Life Associaticii o: Assta and Professor M. H. Irvine, of ta | Hawthorn Crammar School. Y\ :tr. kk : to therailujy wuinniHiiHuinyu the cniy nite and cmchd ansouncemeiit we ^^ euz; ] is that Mr A J. Airp will bs one of tbeoileagues of Mr Speight. The name c: ia j tnird wimmiwiinnPY h.p not vet transpuec. [ The members of the Cnited Tinsritfc. 1 Ironworkers', and Japaxmere' Societv me I (says tie Age) at the Trades' Hall on TE& j day night. It wae notified •that &E; C { the men connected with the fzsde cu | reenmed work, the lery, uri^ had i nffiomrtinned ior & fortnight curing tse i 4&VE;, 'wonld be xeanced to 5 per mi instead of 10 per cent., cc ^e wce g: a® 1 a Temxlar work, Thna» men who ani£ I chiefly iwiiiniitffl. lahorpjB, to wurk and at are tse a, tste coaiparstinlr c^redc ( snail body. The wwi* wnfl famirnre traiit ; men of Adelaide ^sys the ^r^v.'i are iw"- ir ; 1 tfaanaicfai ixxtCA eooety ~to protcc: tagselves against IrxizdB under the system. -A ia3w^r.scc$dent <eayB the Arcut) ^ enreed st the "Rn^nn line, <*aeenfclandi ^ I Tnesdsyingfat. A ttain ds&hed; into aasdic? | at On a rming throqgfa the "points beiac wnc;-1 xnd wBre -into gjili^iTm wiih trcc- loiis: I trucks. 23ae jen^ine vu emashec, sxi tt ] fSSBtgets,' wttw^rmg sixty, were xccc? I finkes, bntsnoe QfidamserisBBiv isjairi- Tae LaimeeMoti Examutrr of the it* stint pnhiifihes the foliowine inrormssis | fcii|^ilied by its Mount- Victoosn correspc cent:— (4 £sitfa tremoQ are assis veryi^l qaent; hardly a ^day witimnt the net J ling HO*fi£ being hfryffl^ ths S£CCb ffiW- J foliowE is -sometimes very seven.: eji" I saxd 'trees ore seen, to Tibotte in zr. tiaic^? j manner." 3b theSatiieiglen nistzict (sajrs the O? asd Mm/av Advsrihcr) .the crop 1 SKoge 14. imzhelE, nwli osts 40 besiieh t j the acre. There is a rinch irf noveltv atiout ths The hfnrifTHyrrmah Advertiser writes:— snntatioo was created in High street c Wednesday by the vi: sUtiljf^l np and dmm, ^•.'Ottijt d-^-, 'Las | lost 1 from the M'lvor hotel, a geutiem^ j wilu a "-r 4 " -T" "f Vi^ir^" 1 nr^^^1^ ^ a rrevsstf j of clothes.* This was the outcome o: a I tacai jcke pl^yed by one conraiercbi travel j upon another. The Inst one had sbsn^." At a meeting <sa$s the Tfcrmorovv- • artier) of the Carisbrook and ] branch of the AmaigamatBdMineTt:' Assosi' tion, at Kll^.' Kfyl t-"^' Msiorts. O | Tuesday evening, the frdkneing oflice-beare= were xKHninated;—Mr W. Hankie. president; Mr 3. CSarisfarooi:, "a ; president; Mr & Sninsbmy. Msisrcc. tary; Vejg-Tn J. _Anstee, ilajorca. sni Smrtfc, Carislsook, auditors. MessrsF- Small, Majorca,and G. O.Camhridc^.C>rsbtook, were nominated for treasnrielections of treasurer and corcinit'-f' take place, in accordance with inle * i c: cplawE, on 23rd instant: the president. precadent, and secreory being n j Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat. wil! 1 tare in St. VeterV EchoolrDoin, Stun st:«l nextTSmiaday raaniig,on "A Formicat o j Miss Edith Hames will reBume iessote « | ie pianofnrce cext Man day. ^Siefortrdrfrtly n^^r of Court John, 3326,A.O.F_. wilT be held next Mw day evening, instood of Tnesday. Hiss Khffltank, teacherof the piinafw^' , will rrrnime tuition at 2C ElJWJ street, » J -j ' We baveii. , Bive Wa&fhZ;&hewmnoaBS;* 1 * j tuition on Monday for the piano, organ, and dirionette. He has also formed classes for elementary singing, and pnpils intending to join are invited to apply early. Terms, Sc., may be obtained at the music warehouses of Jleesra Sutton and Harrison, or at Sua residence, IS Lyons street north. Miss Ryan, 5 Windermere street, announces iu oar adrer&ing; columns that she is £:v : -3g ItsBons in fancy work at her residence still. Mr Tsriss XuBbit, a solicitor well-known end respected at Adelaide, will lecture at the Mechanics' Institute this evening or "Tennyson and i'oe," contrasted and com' pared. Mr Llewelyn, teacher of pianoforte and singing, will resume tnition next Monday. For terms, apply to Mr Ewins, stationer, Siurfc street, or Mr Llewelyn's residence JJrougham street, Soldiers' Hill. The first term this year at the Queen'. College, lUlIarat, will commence on Wednesday, the 30th instant. Dr M*Connochie announces in our advertising columns that be has commenced tin practice of his prompt .t;,, at 175 Start street, lately oceapied by i>t han. Major Smith, and that he can be csiisuliedbetween ten and two, and from six to eight in the evening. The Kev. J. W. Ing'.is will lecture in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Ores wick. Dext Monday cv, ning, on "John Brown, EJinbnrgh doctor." We hare r.wive.i the fTarrnamboof • Standard Almi -.so : >r ] S31. Mrs Silverliuk 1 , ? resumed tuition her academy, Wills «•„ ,-t east, announces by advertisement th,: ,,.u. i3 prepared to give a course of singi: ^ Icaeoua on liberal terms. We have received from Mr Nimble, stationer, fcc.. Bridge street. Kugiish wort, bearing the the title, "Tat- lu-.- The question submitted as a text i.-. •• 1), Christ Bise from the Dead?' and the nut!, who is anonymous, deals with the que-ti in a very readable, precise, and conipre'n Give style, taking np the affirm*::™ siJe, and establishing his thesis most completely. The work has had an immense circulation in the old country, and we should judge, oy the interest felt in the subject among ourselves, that it will be similarly successful here. The price of the book in Ballarat is 3s 6 J, and advise everybody to read it. 