AOTA P0PUL1. By the Flaneub. Heee we are again, and well to the fore as usual. Fortune favours the brave, and, if the ancientB spoke correctly, the giddy, eccentric goddess favours fools also, but, of course, we are none o£ these. Once more have the sister colonies thrown down the gauntlet a*i our foot, and onco moro have we knocked thorn all out in the first round. Queensland started the game by proclaiming aloud she could boast of an unapproachable dis play of meaalep, but half fcho complaints turned out to be merely a mild form of tho jim-jams brought on by tho undue partiality of the natives of the Alligator Land for ci Bnailc juice,' and bo Adelaide Btepped in and took the cake for a very fair assortment of outrages of tho Woolloo mooloo species. This, of sourso, riled the Cabbage Grardon, and accordingly tho authorities over there wont one better slill by declaring they could now boasb of a real genuine case of Bmall pox. To give tho Victorians thoir proper due, they certainly bunglod tho subsequent proceed ings up in a stylo almost worthy of ourselvep, and if it had not been for traitors in tho camp9 they would to- day bo whitewashing pianos, and boiling gold watches in carbolic acid soup, just as we used to do in the pustular days of old. Ifc appears that a lady passenger on board the R.M.S. Romo wag found to bo suffering from ci spots,' and of course the scaro was at onoo started.' Tho two r,tugs sent down to remove tho one pationt got within cooey of tho ' bus pect,' but tho two doctors on board rofusod to have anything to do with boarding her for a con siderable time. It was then found tho Rome's captain had no means of fumigating tho mails, and, of course, another deadlock ensuod. How ever, everything was settled at laBt until] tho doctors got hold of the trouble, and then the fun began in earnest. If repeated assertions made in the daily presa are true, the medicos of Melbourne appear to hold anything but one and tho samo crood in tho iEsculapian art. This makes matters Bick for public patients, for while ono learned physician declares tho only way to pave a small-pox buF ferer's life is by rawing off his loft leg, and giving him a gallon of mix vomica every half hour, the opposition party argues just as strongly that all that is required is to soak tho patient's head in a solution of coal-tar and koroaono until his noso bleeds, at the same timo taking euro to place mustard poultices all over his lega, and turn hia baok. into tho grazing ground, a* ifc were, for Sk 16,000-flock of active, hungry leeches. The dia ousBion is kept up for a few week, and is finally deoided juat in time to find tho sufferer died a few da- yo beforo. Then the rivals roll into eaoh other r.gain, and after another fort night's olangwhanging one medico pokes hio nose in the other's face nnd yolla ' Bah,' while the other acts the samo, and yollo ' Yah,' and right there the controversy ends. Taking this trouble on the whole, our Melbourne doctors somewhat remind mo of tho case of a woman who wao brought in a state of come, as ifc wan thought, and a wheelbarrow, a3 it was certain., before tho medical board of v, baokwood settlement, and af to? careful preliminary observations had boon made, the chairman, Dr. Sim, observed, as ho banged tho unfortunate patient across tho back of the neck with a club : — ' You see plainly, gentlemen, that there is no organic difficulty. The functions are natural, and this is a plain caoe of hysteria/ ' I don't know about that/ said Dr. Stout, kicking tho woman a fearful blow under tho ear. ' She may not manifest it, bub there is certainly sensation there.' ' If you notice,' chipped in Dr. Green, dropping a hod full of bricks on the subject's head, ' she doeB not act as though she wore conscious, though that may reoult aa much from hysteria as from spinal derangement.' ' Thi3 test,' remarked Dv. Sapp, as he started a charcoal fire on fche woman's stomach, ' has been found infallible. If under this treatment she kicks, it is hysteria. If sho don't kick wo find that even more potent tests must be applied.' ? In that case my system io the one to employ,' said Dr. Flat, running a lightning rod through the patient. c Under this troatment we inevitably arrive afe resulto.' ' I'm not sure but what we will have to reBort to heroic remedies,' suggested Dr. Gruel, empty ing a gallon of vitriol down feho woman's throat. ' These mild tests do not appear to conduce to conclusions.' ' Have you noticed any peculiar symptoms P' asked the faculty in chorus of the weeping husband. ' Only — one — gentlemen,' sobbed the spouse. ! ' What was that ?' 1 Sho died about— twenty-four hours — ago !' And the question now w, whether sho died of hysteria or spine, with a preponderance of evidence on both sides. Victoria's triumph was very short-lived, how ever, for no sooner had fche defiant cry of small pox on board been raised, than Sydney had trumped the cards and took the pool with typhoid or enteric fever. This fever is quite a speciality in its way, and has a- remarkable facility for travelling round where ifc is lerwfc expected, and least wanted. Another peculiarity about the trouble is, you can never tell fco a certainty where it oamo from, or where it's going to : neither can one safely decide what gives it a start, or when we really have it. In the latter respect it some what resembloD the only infallible recipe for tell ing poisonous mushrooms from good ones, viz. — eat tho mushes first, and then, if you survive tho feed, you can safely bet they wore good ones, but i£ you die you'll need no professor to tell you the testy concerns wore poisonous. So ifc it is with this eccentric enteric. The most common belief is that this deadly fever io caueod by bad drainage and filthy yards and houses, but I don't care to risk much on that theory, because the Prince Oonaorfc died of the fell diseese, and tho Princo of Wales had ' an exceedingly narrow escape from it also. And I wouldn't bo quite so dialoyal as to assort her Majesty's back yard was a fit subject for our ? energetic Mr. Inspector Seymour to run his rule over ; neither would I care to assert that Mr. Sapsford was acting in a- partial manner by not ordering Sandringham Palaco to be hauled down at a week's notice. I'd spoil my ohanco for a C.M.GL-ship if I did — that's dead certain. Another alleged cause of typhoid is oaid to bo that of drinking water. Are you thore, Brother Melville ? If so, make a note of that. I do not Bay that you oncourage tho drinking of cold water from a businoss point of view, of course, but I'd like you to understand it is advisable to ' bo, like Brother Abigail, a 'moderate drinker/' even though you drink water. Think of the fol lowing sontenco, my friend, and squirm. Dr. John Martin, one of tho groatest English aul hon rities, sayo : — 'As to water, wo ooo from tho viow of the na ture of tho entorio fever process that theoreti cally, from tho nature of the disease, it is probably a very common vohielo of the originating cp.ubo of enteric fovor, because it is prc-ominontly the Bourco from which putridinouo matters aro, under ordinary circumBtancoa, absorbed into tho blood.' | Granessgoodchions ! lot uo gallop round to Brother OHiffe'o, and do a whisky, for I feel ac if I had groon potato worms crawling up and down my spine at tho very thoughts of water. Tho next ouggestion is that typhoid fever is bred in tho milk-pail, and oortainly when one '? comes to think what some of our cow- yards were like a few months ago he must come to the con clusion that they ought to have bred some plague, if it was only to beep up their respecta bility. I remember one place in this city well, because whenever I owed anyone money I used to tell them to be at the cow-yard at a certain date and wait till I called and paid them. They seldom waited more than ten minutes, and the 'crownor'o queBt' sat on their remains next day. Then again, there wa3 another pasture atPyrmont, and it simply consisted of a plain yard in which tho softest morsels for the cattle to eat were quarry gibbers and a zinc bucket. Pai'oah's lean kine wcre*1500lb prize bullocks compared by the sido of tho cows yavdod there, and tho whole concarn reminded mo forcibly of the old Scotch man who once tethered the family milker on top of a perfectly barren ridge about 750 feet high. Coming ronnd a few days afterwards he found ? the oow as dead as Julius Oeesar, and then, wiping the back of his sleeves with his eyes, he mournfully observed, ' Eh weel, Rosy ! I canna say y het vera muckle ta eat, but fehin, ma coon science lassie ! ye het a gr-r-rand view o' th' scenery.' Seriously, however, this typhoid business looks bad f or tig at present, The pale horse of the Apocalypse and his dread rider are careering round amongBt us now, and If ear we have none to thank but ourselves for this visit. Time after time Dr. Dansey has issued his warnings to us, and Inspector Seymour, in his filth prosecutions, has made his offiee a better friend to the Treasury coffers even than our Customs ; and yet the next raid these gentlemen make will find things, in many places, 'as they were' Bix months ago. At present there are 126 fever patients at Little Bay, and four oity hospitals hold a total of 173 more. How many private cases there are can never be known, and it therefore behoveB us all to attend to the warnings given, and act upon them. In a oase like the present, it is the height of stupidity to expect the Sta*. to stamp out the plague. The State cannot do everything, and it is to the interest of us all to help it along in what it does. Joyfully returning from the siokening carnage of the battle field are our gallant braves to-day, and many a fond mother olasps her soldier boy to her breast, and many a loving wife imprints a welcome kiss on the fiercely-moustaohed lipa of her warrior husband now. That is to say, always supposing the warrior husband hasn'fc been pre viouoly dining off rum and onions. One of our heroes has been marked off the roll as dead (dead drunk it appears), and with the excep tion of Major Brown, who lost his appetite and found an emu's j Sergeant Jones, who fell over a 3-rail fence and split his pants from Dan to Beraheeba in his wild endeavours to retreat j and a party of Bathursfc braves, who, whilst valiantly attacking a watermelon patch, received the full fire of a severe bombardment of rotten turnips and mud from the enemy — a wall-eyed Chinese gardener — there are no casualties, I believe, worth recording. Down the harbour the fish suffered severely from the gallant attacks of tho Torpedo Corps ; and this reminds me o£ a true but nevertheless good tale. A few encamp ments back a night attack was about to be made on the camp of the Heads, and in order to be ready to give tho bold intruders a warm recep tion, one-half of the Torpedo Corps and a few others wore ordorod out at midnight's silent hour to scour tho mountain scrub and forewarn tho camp if clangor lurked around. Nothing more was hoard until about 5 a.m., when the camp sentries reported a band of armed men were seen picking choir way carerully along at tho foot of a neighbouring rise. Instantly every warrior was at his post, and every field-gun and riile pointed at tho spot where it was alleged the foe wore marching. Ten minutes after the onomy burst into full viow, and then a fire from the oamp was opened on tho little band, that re minded one forcibly of Watorloo and Jena. Had tho warfare boon real, not u soul in that intrud ing corps would have lived to tell the tale of the dreadful slaughter. And when the smoke cleared out, and silence reigned around, a Spanish war rior in the fooman's ranks yelled — ' Fwhat th' divil aroo doin' ? Why, bad ceao t' me brogues, av it isn't foirin at yer own mon y' are.' So the camp dofendei'B wore. The supposed attacking foo was simply the soouting party returning to roport everything was quiet on the battle-field, but in the excitement and anxiety to secure a victory, tho friends of tho Boouring party failed to recognize them. I don't bet muoh in dreama myaolf, because I believe they generally Bpring from rusty livera. ' Mo and Plato' (vide Quoon'a English) agree go far, because the old Greek says, ' When the liver is sound good repose at night follows.' That's good for Plato j but, unfortunately he also adds, ' and one possesses the power of divination during sleep/' If that is true, my liver wants putting into dock for the purpose of being thoroughly overhauled and copper-bottomed, for I dreamt that street William won the Sydney Cup on Wednesday last, and, as a natural result, I had to walk home to save my cab fare. A friend of mine, whoso liver is as reliable as the sun, had a droatn on Thursday last, however, and it ran this wise. First of all ho dreamt that he was dead, and that a ghostly guide led him down step by step ' into a place whore light was silent all ;' warring winds flew madly round, but not a single soul could be soen until the vpair passed into a long gloomy hall, where they were met by three other sad-faced spirits, who walked with averted heads and faltering steps, ' What ghosts are ye ?' oalled out the guide. ' Ananias was I called when on earth I lived and lied.' ' And I,' said the second, ' was called Saphira.' ' And I,' groaned the third, as he writhed in fearful agony, ' I am he who sends Router's Continental cablegrams to a far-off place called Australia, and am doomed to remain here for certain hours at night in order to seek counsel from this worthy pair, and bo make perfect myself for the toil of the coming day.' Now, I feel confident that any sane and unbiassed person who has read the recent cable grams touching the Redmond Brothers, and Irish matters in general, must admit that my friend holds the champion bolt as a dreamer. As a set-off, I may observe that the much belied brothers had a welcome in New York that amply repaid them for all their persecution here. I am of opinion that so far as the unblushing perversion of truth is concerned, Renter's repre sentative at home is only wasting his time taking lessons from Mr. aDd Mrs. Ananias, for he \ has evidently forgotten more about the business than that worthy couple ever knew. 