Measure for Measure. CHAPTEE IL—[Continued.) WHICH KHALI. I CHOOSE. " Why should I presume to disgrace you among your fine new friends?" returned he unsteadily. " I ought not to have spoken, Millicent, it was juBt want of thought on catching sight of you made me do it." " It would have been want of manners if you had not, I think," retorted she. " Can't I have old frifends and new ones too Dick; am I such a 'poorhearted creature that I can only remember one set atia time? Or is it that you think me ^nch a weak, fickle, despicable creature—" she still spoke liglitly but with, a strong under- current of warmth and pathos beneath the quick words—"such, a weak, fickle, despicable creature that I am likely to forget or be ashamed of.vfor V little liew experience and change of' surrounding, every happy memory I have, and all the kind, true friends * who have made my memories from chid hood happyoneb f" "I think nothing but wnat is 'goo^ of you, JUmiiceiit," 16aid. ,fce . Affectionately. •*.* Never you fear that whatever you do or hdw you'fehfinge 1 £-'c&n; ever think any JIT « ^oti, f or ,' I 'cpold not do it if I tried,.mygirl",. ; r. . " I am not likely to change^' otied: die petulantly. •• "Becausel hkvebad' ft pleasant visit and seen a few straiigere —a" few. .hollow, made up, .jxsele^ strangers—am I to lie disgusted with my dear old home and my old relationsand my oldest friends ? That seenls ,tt> { be what yon arW expecting of hie. It sounds remaxWblylike fancy," half laughing, a . i There caine »-groat hop asebtefepoke. Thp'h&iVy; _ standing still, tW liqrses, nothing plsased by the .pause,. hanging &eir; heads and blinkingraBtfiilly iri the'Btm. A. flight bend in the roari'iiiA-'ttiem. Mr.E^ke ;iuidji#-j>arty^"rajai^eS where Millicent had ^eftjthp^OaJy theeound of a soaring lark's song and; thbwhir of a distant reaper eamefatntly on-the stiH air, afadTfantiaford turned' and looked, gtraighi at jliis companion for a few moments before be aaal; •VYonmay sas well know the'trnth aaift'I the worst, Millicent, totfav! ckn't go dn any longer eating niv'Beart out • in - jealousy - • and ' fear - " and suepefese, ' for this summer has been, a toituiG to me- ao soul -can imaginer—off 'and'ion.,' tbrture and mad hbpSj^and *'then a' sinking, tetter despair ihat 'has iaugh£' me how it is sometimes fellowBigo.M qufck to the - bad.' I love you-deari^, Willifeent. If l talked through the summer day pid had Fitq'amee' clever, soft speechesl .could tellyou no greater tnith than that, though I migl suade you, -maybe. to listeb • say halfwit thinks, or. feels, or.wants, but vSy heart ib all youre^ my girl, and rotfgh. though I know I am, and not e^finl'to you in any single way, Ioffgr youae etrong,aye, and as .tender/an affection, one that can ne'ier swerve, as it never has done since the ;dejB : we w|ire 3 little tota, as any finej^tfflwnBui wiiii ^loquence and fascination to back him .,up ,«ould give me. J! give you everything Ihave got, Millicent. Will you—will 'ybutdke it ?" " ' She had turned her head away in the, first !quick ^uipnse of his unexpected words, and r he could not see jthe' perplexity' and sorrow that were clouding KefeiCprfeaaibri.' When his vbifce paused flhgj,uttered, iio word' but faintly shook her head, so faintly, however, that he wa8'«ot sure of the gesture, and went oh'&gerly; , ? ^uldyou think it over and g^ve me sn answer some day, Millicent ? I have nb.wiah to huny your mind, though nly bwn's been fixed bo long. I have so&ing.; in. the way of riches to offer you, but"I would work so hard to get you &11 you would like to have. You should never miss one of the comforts or things you've been accustomed to, I prbmjse that. I would work my hands to Sebwaefirst." "Oh, Dick, it's not that,"«hesaid in a choked kind of whisper, turning hurriedly. " No? What is it, then?" He looked in her eyes, and his own grew dull. " You could not do it, MUlioent; you could not put up with me, you tjiinlc, pot if you tried. Yon cctild not try and give me some hope ? if ever BUtii a little fur-off " " one, it would be like life to .think of,'* ha pleaded, with the earneBtness and strength of a last Stifl gazing for away whan the weighted wom. ^ snadsd' musically in response to a' passifig breete, her perplexity deepeniad ! < aiid •he Btood in silence. Deeply Tfali, <ioSi v its beautjr, its refinement, its etatyfldng that charmed her natural 4aBte, stood before her mind'er eye,' ^ t y as she knew it had And th^ the faim jhouse 'ol Hapriafor^'s •bry dress, incite coarse untocomingnfes, influenced her more than he guessed, and his sudden avowal was a surprise to her, for we are often -strangely unconscious of the hearts of ihe people who stand nearest, and the' things we grow up amongst are oooasionally the things we live in greatest ignorance of. Standing and thinking, she shook her head sadly, but unmistakably this time, and Uight "died-.out of his features. Some men take a death-blow with a start and a scream, some with never a sign for the outer world to see, only with a set, strained face, and a hard-drawn breath, and a slight acquiescence in the thing they are powerless to avert. The lark's song soared out of hearing, but the reaper went steadily on; and some children's voices came on the breeze laughing and gay. Longing and striving for something to say, Millicent seemed turned dumb; only great tears welled slowly up till they wetted her cheeks, and then kindly, but very sadly, Hannaford said: " You can't do it dear, I see. Don trouble to try and make-believe what does not come natural." If his toae had not been so hoarse, one might have called it cheerful. " Forgive me for worrying you like this, and don't let it make any difference between us—all I've said. I will' not say it again, never fear." He picked up her hand as it hung near him, and raised it to J.is lips with a soft reverence of touch, a tender gallantry of manner not the most re fined or accomplished love-maker among the Deeply men could have sur Oh, Dick, Dick. I am so sorry, sobbed Millicent, bursting into-tears " I never thought—I never guessed—" " Of course you did not. Nay, Millicent, I can't bear this. If I think I have made the girl I love better than all the world miserable, I have got something worse than I can bear, can bear anything—I mean nothing too hud and bad for me, so long as baow you are happy," and he essayed a smile. " There, I must get on with my work. Come up, Bobin, you have had long enough rest, I think." Cracking his whip, he roused his team and marched steadily on. Miss Barnes walked slowly back to the white massive building glimmering through the trees, with more to think of .than she had when she left it half -an-hour ago. " Come out for a turn on the terrace with me." . ritzjames' low voice suddenly entered into Milticeat'sjpusingsfei sat in the dipar^g-hpm window dinner tha^vening. jfTfeereVar | going on at the farther end of the large 'room, and much conversation, and a ltttle flirtation here and there among the gracefully arranged chairs and coucheB in its midst, but th6 large French windows stood wide open, and in the semi-darkness' pfj the^ t^pace, a gle^m. of a drass or' two' showed' that some' (people already preferred privacy {Coolness to a heated room and general society. j, .„ MilJicent's pulse beat a' ; littl6 faster, not at the words, but at the meaning of ;tte tone they w^. u^ed in. By the i u nemng lhstmct seldom wanting such occasions, she guessed what this Sturn on the terrace might lead to, but rose quietly .enoi^gh jn twnjpjiance. ^nth JiertOBt's wilB^" ' 'C.-,, ( ' " T will'get my hat and dome back you here," saidshe.'.. v i :: l.., "You don't need your, hat. Take sha#J. Thei^are'Wiy amount in the hall, liet toe get you one." ! "I must have myrbat," Bhe laughed sand flttlcd out to the stairs. < Mrs. Fitzjames' maid, who waited jupon Millicent when at Deeply, was just entering her room as MiUicent ran in. -ti .<?.•-'•! - ••• -'I j " Oh, Miss Barnes! Have.yoti heard jof the shocking accident,?" she be^an . Instantly. ! " No, I have' heard of no accident. [What is it, Janet?" replied MiUicent, jlooking for her hat. i "It has only just happened, miss, leastways only an hour or so when DBernrah was down in the village. One 'of Mr. Hannaford's waggons has pushed him to death. The horses took fright at a reaper or .something, J Ames could not quite ijaar /what, 1 and ran iavay, and he was tryihg to' st^pitheta land stumbled in some way in mint of the horse as he tried to catch' it,"and the wheels—those.7- great, crushing wheels—went straight over his .poor head. It was inBtant death, of jcourse." "Mr. Bannaf«Ma;.Vi»^atW: 5lillir cent, standing where Janet'a- a^oide.liad arrested her, her hiat raised to her head and her arm fixed there.- ' T " Mr. .ffimnaford, Misp Barnes; (hat nice-looking fair yoohg man. Dear, you look ready to faint J have told you ihe^ewB too Qu^den, perhaps/ "Will you have a glass of water ?" But as Janet moved to the water-bottle, Millicent just slipped j»ast her and down the stairs. She was acting on no conscious train of thought. Only an impulse she eotild liieimer examine npr check led herto avoid, the frontdoor, that was opeiii,. and make for the aide <)ne^ which a passing footman unfastened for hsr in some BurpriSe, and ahe -sped out Avoifing^tJie terrace, she struck straight across'the park^ the thickly bedewed grasB . spoiling: her pretty shoes and white. skirts, and-with nevec. a paose, for "breath or reflection, she ran on until the old red-brick house Inhere Dick Hannaford lived (na^had lived she remembered with a great stab at her .heart); was before her. It had aken her nearly half-an-hour, quickly s she had come, to reach it There feeemedsome tfir about the ytenHi but he glided up me gaiden, and tur^img he handle of the front door, that ielded to ber toueh^-went etra^b^iiitOj theparlour. J^. mak . sitting theptfSti perfect stranger to Millicent—rather elderly/but evry gentlenvanly looking, siting,before two candles on the table,; wiih a bw»k inibis hand, rose hastily at her.Ventrance, uttered a little "exclamation of dismay and whisked into the little ante-room adjoining, closing the door. bet ind Jhri with^a „eharp click, signifying a . key tuniisd in the lock. Perhaps with her -White dress and scared visage, tie took the girl so noiselessly appearing for a ghost. He left behind him the book he had been reading and the candles upon the table which had lighted him, and Millicerit' went drearily up "to them, leaned her arms upon the hard unsympathetic wood, and her head upon her arms. "What have I come for?" What good can it do to him now? Can I take back one of those cruel pains I gave him this afternoon ?" moaned she. " Can I undo the base falseness of the thing I meditated, for oh, Dick, my darling, it was you, and you alone I loved all the time, and I did not know it, and thought £ could marry that other man. Oh, I love you, I love you, I love you, dearly as ever you loved me, but I only know it now—too late." Sobbing forth her incoherent misery she did not hear the door open, nor the exclamation of surprise uttered by the person who entered, but she felt an arm passed round her shoulder, as a hand lifted her bowed head. " Millicent, dear, did you come because you heard this wrong tale ?" said Dick Hannaford's voice, and she flung her arms round him with a scream of joy. Tight, clinging, pasBion-Btrengthened arms, that he might .have found some trouble in releasing himself from had he wished to try. He never tried. " I came because I thought you were dead, Dick," gasped she. " Oh, how -cruel -to tell me suoh a tale if—if—Axe hot you hurt at all?" "Not I," said he, gravely, "my poor foreman, Haines, was killed on the spot as you heard, and he had only five minutes before changed places .with me—only just - come up and taken the horses from me, so I suppose that is how the mistake got about. Lots of people have been up here tonight to see after me, kindly lifce you; no, not juBt like you," he added, with a curious amfte, and pressing her a little closer as she still stood within his arm. " Did you hear anything I was saying as you came in?" she questioned confusedly, and then she lifted her head and looked straight in his face which the candles lighted. " I don't care if you did. It was far greater truth than you heard this afternoon. Dick, dear, I have found_outjuetin time that- —that it is not money, nor position, nor rank, nor Mf. Fitzjames that Jakes the first place, Mb my heart; jt is you, darling, mfoA playfellow and dear&st; companion, ana Miss Conisley maf have Deeply Hall and everyJMn^j $>e" longing to it as soon asfche likes.. 1 will have this dear, old, ugly, red house and you, Dick." . . So they settled it between themselves ifi foolish confident happiness, as they stood in the quiet parlour and gave no thought tp, th'e ante-room beyoud or the man Millicent had seen vanish into -there. So "they 'settled it in fervicl avowals and sweet repetitions as Hannaford walked .slowly by Miiljcent's side across the quiet roads and* Park" to the Hall again. " I shall tell Mrs. Fitzjames how my future is decided this very night," laughed Millicent as she bade iier lover gooa-bye. " I shall not tell her son at alL "He may find it out." ' CHAPTER IIL A FAm OFFBU. In the libraiyatDeeply, Mr. Fitzjames and D'.ck Hannaford sat, one at the writing- table, the other a little nearer/ the window , in an eaay cKair ;. the fonner - had 1 but just laid aside his Itrriting apparently as his visitor came in^tiie latter, held his hiat and stick an 'Bis 'haficl, and looked scarcely thoroughly at his ease as his host. "You have my heartiest con gratula tione," Mr.Fitzjam.ee waa saying, " but it was for something more sub Btantial than thoBe I asked you to come and see me to- day. You arp not rich,. Hannaford, pardon me if I seem abrupt, but J i>£ course 1' know your'farm, and nfterthese late bad seasons I know it is possible lypu can Jiave made anyngity that-; of course your private airs I don't know, they may be—" "Iliavenone," said the young farmer, jin rips caijdid blnntaess, "no money affairs Mr. Fitzjames. My farm is just what : I have to depend upon, and if I have zmt lost money these last , few yeaBB'by it, that is as much as I can say. Hope on, hope ever, of course, but times don't look much like mendin • fojf i"ti8 n poor fanners yet,- do th6y, : bit? V -'iJYet" you think of marrying and in curring fresh expenaea in spite of the times,AaSd Mr. Fitqamee, goodnaturedly, but with something curious in histone. "Is it wise? " "Pardon me, Mr. Fitzjames, but so s t t l S long as my rent is regularly paid it seems to me the rest of the things I do aremore mjr business than yours, more for mtf to docide the wisdom of than for my landlord, from whatever motive his. interest may spring," returned the other with a certain unpromising stolidity. Fitzjames laughed hi? low, , easy' laugh, that had a . note of sadness in it now, however. ••I lake the hint, Hannaford, but it i&-nb£ idle .cturiosity, believe me, that .prompts me to take a'deep and vital interest 1 in this marriage of yours." He paused - and moved the papers before "him thoughtfully about with his left hand while his right supported hia forehead, rand then , he looked up. and fixing jhiB dear, steady gaze on his companion, said with a slight efforts llfrcdnfidences are seldom of use, and,you .are one of the.'few jneiMrho j may be trusted with a whol<6, J'fiiacy, Hannaford; but you jam underatand that it cofits me something—therefore I have strong reason for forcing it upon myself—it costs something for me who have lost, to tell you who have won, that a short time ago the dearest hope of. my life was to gain the girLyou are going to marry." There seemed such brave, hopeless sadness under the manly candour of those straight-spoken simple words, that involuntarily Hannaford rose from hiB seat and approachedthe speaker: . \- "Your confidence will never be abused by me, Mr. Fitzjames. It's not news to me quite, and it would be humbug for me to pretend to regret the turn of affairs that has given me such happiness, but all the same I am truly sorry for you. You understand I mean no presumption when I say that if any man alive can understand what you feel, and feel for you, I do a r d can." A respectful cordiality, hitherto conspicnous by its absence from Dick Hannaford's manner towards his landloci, made hiB voice pleasant now, his sympathy grateful. Fitzjames held out his hand with a smile, as the young farmer stood before him, and the hard, strong lingers of the one closed on the beautifully shaped palm of the other in a hearty grip. "And you understand that I bear you no ill-will for your seperior luck,'' said Fitzjames slowly. "Just at first blow I own—well never mind, you would have felt the same in my place, I dare say; but a man has no true love for a woman if her happiness is not a nearer thought with him than his own. To increase her happiness one fraction I would do any earthly thing in my power—do you comprehend ? " ' Sentiments so exactly in accordance with his own unBelfish-cliivalroue affection for Millicent, Hannaford comprehended exactly. In this man's place he would have felt the Bame, though the power to express hie feelings so clearly and comprehensively might not have been his. " Yes," he nodded, with more respect and a something even warmer in his gesture and work " I have more money than I kn6w what to do with, and Millicent Btands threatened with poverty. YeB, I know what you would say—proud she is to a fault, and so are you; out all the.aame, it,will be hard on me if you reject through mistek en,and I assure you, very false pride,' tt<e proposal St lias <k>st me some hours' thought to plan, and' to make which'I sent for you here to-day. I cannot lower your rent, for as owner of . a fairly larg^' estate, certain/restrictions bind me from impulses I should like well enough to carry out; but this farm you are in now,'Hannaford, ^yofe are never- likely to do - any -good with, jou know as well as I do. I will take it off your hands if you like, ^aneel yojir lease as it stands, and a feat liedCe Twidal's Court wilTbe at liberty, and ! give you the offer of ttiat. There is, a nice. Bouse there yod know to bwng .a bride to, also I think you could get on in that farm,- eh ? " "Idon't doubt it for one moment;" said Dick bluntly, the fair, rich pastures and -the attractive house ogered him so unexpectedly, contrasting, in his mind's eye with the poor land he how held and that tumble-down house heimew Millijcent objected to, but that he livied in because it was the., one dwelling he* could call his own.' "And with regard to the intervening year I have then another proposal to make," said Fitzjames, rising and walking across to the window and back as he spoke. " You were not intending to be married before a year or so, were you?" „ " But for your unexpected offer, Mr. Fitzjames, we might not have been able to do more than dream of it for years to come." (To he eontiKvei.) 