FOXGLOVE MANOR. Rt Robert Buchanan 80 be croistd the threshold of the happy little - echoolhousr, to s'roll out again in the sunshine ; j and again he thought very bitterly of the woman who bad effectually taken all the sunshine from his life. He need not have thought so bitterly of her. If the had woonded bim she was receiving hr punishment. Having left Walter in the churchyatd, Edith flew home like one walking on air. She bad ac- cept'd bis deci'ion gltefully, never attempting to slier it by word or lock, for the was thinking all the time of the i vitation she had received from Mr fc'antlcy, and which bad cost ber each a pang to refuse. Walter's redden determination left her fiee — free to spend a low hours in tbe company of the man who was more to her than the whole world. Liahthpired and happy, she hurried home, gave Walter's message to her aant, and tben sat down and made a er7 bearty meal. After it waa aver, and a reasonable time bad elapstd, she again pnt on her hat, >nd told ber aunt she was going down to the vicarage. " I shan't be buck till late, aunt," she added, " for, as I have to go to the vicarags 1 may as well walk to evening service with Miss Santlsy, If Walter cbanye3 his mind and comes, yoa will look after him well, won't you 1" And Mis Dove, promising implicit obedienoe, kissed her niece fondly, and watched her go down the road. On reaching the vicarage Edith was admitted at one. There was no necessity to take her card and keep her waiting while Bhe asser- taincd if master or mistress was at home, She waa known to the servants as a visitor who waa always welcome— at any rate, to the mistress of the house. So. without'any preamble at all, she was shown into the sitting-room, and into the pre tence of Miss Santley. The room was a< luxuriously furnished as any in the vicarage, and charmingly decorated with the choicest of hoicoosc flowers. Tbe iady sat in a low wicker chair, with a book in her hand, and at licr elbow a little gipsy table, holding a tea- service of Dresden china. The opening of the door disturbed tbe lady. She let her book fall upon her knee, ami looked up dreamily ; but the moment btr eye fell upon Edith she rose smiling ! brightly, gave the girl both her band, and kissed her fondly. "My dear Edith, 1 sm soglad !" shenclaimed ; and teere was a r eg or genuine welcome in her voice. " M'by. y< u - re a perfect stranger. — Jane, bring a cup i<-> h iss Dove. — Now, dear, seLct j your chair, take :l your hat, aud make yourself | comfortable." | Kdith did :.s she v.-2S bidden. She placed her hat on one of tho many liitio tables with which 1 the rccm abound' d, si oti before one of the glasses for a moment to rectify any ;disi!.rangement of h:ir acd coftume ; tbm s'-e drew forth a li'.tlc wicker chair simihr to that occupied by her hestes', and sr.-. own. By this time th" teapot was brought ir, sn the tea pound, so Edith sat and sipped it. ' Ik.ag end laughing meanwhile likeabappy en- id. -Well, dear," -ai-j Miss Pantlcy, "and what have you been ro g wiih yourself all the we:k ? -Charles tells me j ou have a cousin in The village who complfct-ly > ui.opoliees you. By tbe way, he told me tha- lm had tried to persuade you to come to tea to dur, hut thst you had podtvely re fused. That coi'iu no-, have been true." " Yes, it was tine," ielurned Bditb. "I did re fuse when he sri;.;-: me, became I thought I could not come. I thou - hi my couiin would dine with us as usual; but I met bim at church this morn ing, and he saic be v,-as rather unwell and could not comc. 80 I bought it would not matter if 1 came, after all." " Matter I My dear, I am delighted." And so, bavii g thus satisfactorily arranged matters, tha two s.t chatting to thrir hearts' con tent, It was very pleasant, exceedingly pleasant— at any other time Euith would have enjoyed it hugely ; but set c hands of the bronze clock on tbe chimneypicer- travelled so quickly round, shs began to grow u- easy, and to wonder at the pro tracted absence of her lorer. Miss Sautley was a very pleasant pe;»oa indeed, and Bdith was very fond of her ; but it had been a stronger induce ment than Miss banriuy that had brought ber to ths vicarage that afternoon. Santley mast know she was in the bouse, thought Bdith ; it was strange be did not come. Suddenly Min Santley glanced at tha clock. In a moment she wu > n h-r feet. " My dear," ih.- exclaimed, how the tims has Sown! Do you play again to-nighi?" " Yes." The lady nodde. "Wo'll walk to church together, dear," she said. Amuse yourself by looking at the hooks, while I run away to gel in. bonnet aud mantle on." Krc the laoy bad reached the door of tbe room, Edith spoke. Brclonged disappointment had given ber courage. " Mr Santley is busy, I suppose !" she said.l "Mr Santley — Lhrnles? Oh, my dear, he's not at home 1" "Not at home 1" " No. If be bail been, do you suppose for a mo ment, my djar, he would have allowed you toba all this time in the i'Oiisi without coming out to say, ' How do you do '? If he had known you had been coming, of c erne he would have stayed in ; but he didn't know, so immediately after afternoon service he went to Foxglove Manor. He wanted to see Mrs HkMs e, and he said be should go straight from tbeie to the church." Miss Santley v.c t.e .r the door. The moment lire had finbbcii b.m.king she passed out of tha room, and left E it alone. It wss not a pjca-an: t;sk to her, th's mention ing of Mrs Hnlda: . S1 e kcew that people bad already begun to (_:>_ k somewhat unkindly of tha relations between 1 ;wly and ber brother. But since this was R , 11 was well that she should show to tho world ti e : his sister, thought nothing cf it. Therefore s oud made up her mind that, whenever it was . t- tssi.ry for her to mention that lady's name, she ou: ' do so without reserve of any kind. It as- he only way, she thought, to prevent Euch abfuiti luarours from takingroat. A very few m m: e- sufficed to make her toilet. At tbe end of ih.-i tia- she returned to ihe room wbero she bad 1 ' K.iiih, to get her prajer-book and the hsmfik- r : f which' had fallen from her hand and lay bo i her chair. "Beady, desr"' she a-ked brightly; then she paused, amazed. There sat E till ;»e as a ghost, reclining in an OBy-chair, with . baJ thrown back, and her forehead covered by r. firndkerchief Boaked with eau-de-cologne. "Why, my da:!" exclaimed Miss Santley. " Whatever is ti r msiter 1 Has anything hap pened "No, nctbinp," vaid Edith faintly. "I have got a very bad h- e : cue, that is all ; and — and — I cannot go to chu i.u -gain to-day, Miss Santley." " Go to church!" echoed Mfss Santley. "Why my dearest girl, of con-ee you can't go to church t I will send Jane win a message to Charles, and stay and take c-.i.e of you." But this Edith w uld not allow. Bhe pulled tbe handkerchief l'r- m her forehead, and declared . ier intention o' going home. Miss Santley kLuc ber kindly. At this exhibi tion of tenderness r ditb fairly broke down. Bhe threw ber aims round the lady's neck, and burst into tears. " I — I am so sorry," she said at last, when her sobB had somevhri' subsided; but I could not help it. I — I am such a coward when I am ill !" Miss Bantley suid i-othing ; she knew she could do nothing. There was some mystery here which she could not f -t una, so she yielded to the girl's solicitations and al u .vou her to go home. CHAPTER XXII. AT THE VICARAGE. One evening about the middle of the week, as the Rev. Mr Sa< t!--y s .t alone in his study, a card was brought to him on which was printed — " Mr Waiter Hetherington." The clergyman taisedhis brows as he read, and asked the maid who waited respectfully at ths door if the gentleman had not called upon him before. "Once before, sir I '' " Did he state his business ? " "He did no1, eir ; i.e only said he would not detain you long " "Well, ask the g-mleman to bs good enough to wsik this way." The maid retired, and a moment afterwards Walter entered the room. The two men tumuii to each other. One glance had assured Bant ev that any attempt at a warmer greeting would bo injudicious ; tbe other might not respond, and r wuu'd never do for the vicar of the parish to be snubb d by an itinerant painter whom nobody know — besides, under the circum- > stbncfs, a bow was ample greeting, He infused" into it as much poiitiinres ns possible, welcomed his young friend to the vicarage, and, pointing to a chair which he bid drawn forward, begged bim to be seated. Dcoiitedly the clergyman was the morestlf- posscsaed of the two. For Waiter took his (eat in nervous rilence ; while Santley, won- drring greatly in his own mind what could posii- bly have procured him the honour of that viur, kept tbe scene from flagging by that wonderful gift of small talk with wbich he wis possessed. He was very pleased indeed to meet Mr Hether ington. Ha bad done him the honour 10 call upon bim once before, he thought — yea, he was rare of It ; and he had also the pleasure of meet ing bim once before, when he had not had the honour of bis acquaintance. Was Mr Hoth-riog- ton thinking of making a long stay amongst them ? " Not very long," oaid Walter. " I suppose you have made some charming sketches ?" continued the clergyman. " There are pretty little spots about the village, spots well worthy of a painter's brush. 1 used to do a little in that way myself whfn 1 was a youngster at col lege ; but the vicar of a parish bas onerous duti'e>. I suppose, at the present moment, I should hardly know how to bundle a brush. Are you thinking of leaving us soon, Mr Hetherington t" " I am not quite sure 1" " Ah 1 well, if jou stay and would like to make use of my library, I should feel greatly honoured. It is the only one tbiog I have to offer you, I. fear; but I shall be Tery pleased indeed to putit at your service. It contains a few books oa your own art wbicb might interest yon." "You are very kind, Mr Santley." "Not at all, my dear sir; I am merely neigh bourly. L:fe would be dreary indeed if one could not be mighbourly in a place lite this t" " Mr Santley, 1 hato come to you for your ad vice." The clergyman, nervously dreading what was to follow, locked at his visitor with a calm sm tie, and answered pleasantly enough. » My a deice f My dear sir, I place it fresly at your service, and myself also if I can be of the slightest use to you." You can be of very great ure to me." The cltgyman merely Lowed this time, and waited, (o Walter continued — " You know my couiin, Miss Edith Dove?" As he spoke, he fixed his eyes ke»nly upon the clergyman's face, but tbe .atter made no sigo ; ue neither winced nor changed colour, hut answered calmly enough. " I have the ptiea-ure of the lady's acquaint ance. Ehe is one of the most esteemed members c-f my congre-gati >n." " It is about Miss Dove I wished to speak to you." Again tie clergy man bowul ; Bgain he foand it unnecessary to n akc a rrpiy. Walter, growing Somewhat ill at ease, con tinued — " 1 den't micd contesting to you. Mr Santley, that at one period of my cate r 1 toped mo'it earnestly, and indeed confidently believed, th at st no very r- mote daie 1 should have th- happiness of niakirg her my wife. I as sincerely attache 1 to her; I believe she wis attached to me. But recently all lac channe l. She is waiting her life, throwing aside ail chance of happiness through some mad inla'uation about the church." "Some mad infatuation about the church I" returned tbe clergyman, methodically. " lleally, my dear (ir 1 am a?raid you forget you are speaking to a clergyman of tlic Church As to Miss Dove, she is k lady v.li-.se conduct is without reproach ,- she is one of the Church's staunchest supporters I " " Then, yon approve hor present mode of life ; yon uphold it ! You will not advite her to shake her morbid fancies away ? to accept an honest affection and a happy home ? " Bantley seemed to reflect. "As a clergyman of the Oburch I should advise he the other way, I think. Surely tbo fulfilment of religious duties points to a more elevated mode of existence than mere marrying aud giving in marriage. I am sorry for you, since I baiieva thai any man possessed of that lady's e>toem might deem himself fortunate ; (till, I could not advise her to act against her conscienoe and tbo prompt ings of religion. " And me, what do yon advise me to do ? " Tbe clergyman shrngged his shoulders. " It seema to me that there is only one thing that you can do. If tbe lady finds your atten tions disagreeable, surely, the most honourable course for you to adopt would be to leave her — in peace. Walter rose, and tbe olergyman breathed more freely, believing that tbe int>rview had come to a satisfactory end. Neither of them spoke for a minute or so, till tbeclergyman looked op, and said quietly — " You have somethirg more to say, Mr Hether ington ? " "Yes," answered Walter; "I have something more to say." Then going a few steps nearer to the clergyman, he added, " You are a hypocrite, Mr Santley I" (To re Continued.) 