GAULFIELD. Br "THE WORM," Messrs Connolly and Batty arrived simul taneously, but Midnight and Voritaa managed to gotpoeseusiou of the track first, doing a couple of steady rounds going a third tit na improving paco. Queen Bsib aud Angler put in some medium paco work in company 011 tbo sand. Syphon and Friendless finishing thoir steady tx-rciie with a round at good h df-paoe, both goirg strong. MrBAtly sont Doceivergood Btriiiug work Ibreo rounds of tho inside track, nhowieg a lot of improvement. Yately performed good sorvireablo work over the Cup distance, galloping in good style tho last three-quarters of a mile. After pulliag up ho war sont another round at a smart cantor, rinding home tho last throe or fonr furloogs. Hois going strong and well, and appearis to Hko hi work. , Ontario followed with a oanplo of rounds on the sand at a good working gallop, moving along in good style. 1 Mr Campbell bad bis oolt Wongft and Mazart doing a quiut turn on tbe gross, the litter coming home from tbo mile at a useful ones. ! Mr G. Ttabinaou sent Cupola a spin over nine furlongs, the little ohestnut moving along very gamely, : Mr Jonas eoat Sir Samuel medium pa 30 work, ntriding home tho lust ball mile. Mr Muuzio1 Tua Laird put io aome quiet oxerciee;rince my lust ho has been doing a bit of ichncling, jumping well, ' Mr Leek's pair, Soaramouch and Stragglor, woro treated to three or four oleady rouudu on the sand. They arc both luplcicg big. Mr Johnsou's Bsrosfara was rent quiet exercioo on tho «and, liuishingup about half pace tho luBt round. Mi J. G. Reed mmt Too Ghost and Norfolk good striding work over the Cup diHtano?. Both boys had a guod hold of their horses, who were veay eager tu gallop i>uucio pduumo uariiRgcautorea a couple of touuda, striding homo from the h-ilf-milo, Bnria Bnrra cautfrod. MrTfeywood gave Spartan a pipo-op3oer for a n.ile. Ir Jouee sont C iriohnua two or threo runda on tbo gri9H, brusbiog aloug for a cuuploof furlorgs at thn fmishofoach round, Lizetto. lookiog big and healthy; did a couple of stcuay turns on thG suud. Melodiom cau- tered, spurting from tbo turu. Mr Davis eetit Dargu with Ditto a strong seven iuilongs, after cantering, The Djrby colt looks tho picture of hoAltb. Ciuoeriuo riroduhomo from the milo attor Uiing a oonplo of medium turns, Discount did a good pips opmor once rouud, going very otroog. Dofiunco put iu p.omo steady work. David, wiio 11 engaged at KUUruvvick to ny, did not put iu »n appearance. Mr Leng'eEgbert andOanuto were also abient under similar ciroumrtinaoB. Also lirst I'jp, "Nrinlet, Tumult, M>rry FonellR, Toronto, .Solo, Uildaroy, C:<ar, Non- (Quso, luna, Vivjao, and King John, 