jjDatot g u m . ADELAIDE AND BENEVOLENT STRANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY.—The Treasurer of the; above Society acknowledges the receipt o £7 0s. 6d., proceeds of Mr. McLaren's lecture at the Town Hall last evening as a donation. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH I CHINA.—The following intimation has been: received at the Telegraph Office from:. Foochow:—We are posting^ messages by every opportunity to Amoy, Hongkong, and;J Shanghai." LANDS WITHDRAWN FROM LEASE.—A notice issued by the Surveyor-General in-' timates that the lands in the Soath-East' gazetted as open for lease on the 25th inst. will be withdrawn. ENTERTAINMENT AT UNLET MODEL SCHOOL. —About 4C0 persons completely filled the Infants' Room at the Unley Model School on Friday evening, when a musical and dra-j matic entertainment was given by the; teachers and children in aid of the Piano Fund. Mr. J. H. Bagster, M.P., presided. The overture "Qui Vive'' was played by Misses Samson and Hogarth. A part song followed ; and the duet " Would'st Thou Know" was nicely sung by Misses Colbonme and Ross. A comic recitation was given by Mr. Fairweather, followed by Lullaby" by the children. Miss Agnes Samson gave " Killarney" in a creditable manner. A comic reading by Mr. Donnel pleased the audience'; and the children were loudly applauded for tbe pleasing manner in which they sang " Wei are the Flowers." Mr. Bosch gave " Over the Hills to the PoorhouBe" effectively. A duet, " Won't You Buy My Pretty Flowers," was vociferously applauded. The second part consisted of the overture "Fra Diavolo," by Miss Hogarth, and the farce " Borrowed Plumes," in which some amateurs afforded much amusement. EXPORTED FRUIT.—A gentleman recently forwarded from his garden in Adelaide two cases of pears to friends in England. The hinds sent were the large St. Germain and a small winter pear. One of those receiving a case, writing on July 23, says—" The box of pears arrived here yesterday evening. I find that the contents have travelled capitally. The pears are quite mellow and ripe, but (as far as I have yet examined them) not at all decayed. I have just eaten one of the strailer ones aud it was delicious. The large specimens are very fine." These pears, wrapped in soft paper and carefully packed in close boxes, were forwarded by one of the Orient steamers. PROBATES AND LETTERS OF ADMINISTRA- TION.—The following, were granted during the p 1st week:—Probates—Frederick A • Eschner, £850; Johann Muhbruckel, £550; Thomas Addison, £910; James McMillan Pearson, £257; Catherine Wilks, £1,000 Hugh Cameron, £1,910; Joseph Kelly, £201 Letters of Administration.—Mary Christie, £100; Alice Eachel Arnold, £10; Martin Kerichan, £210Trangott Feihner, £50. Administration with will annexed—Joseph Job Venn, £450. Under Intercolonial Probate Act —Letter of Administration with will annexed—William Dovell, £1,300 ; Probate—Mai y Dovell, £1,300. THE INSPIRATION OF THE BIBLE.—On Sunr ^ J ^ ' R ^ Congregational J.he Yn Inspiration tr ot the n$ Bible.' 7 P 5 rei He £ hed said —" The peculiar book we call the Bible has eiiBted many ages. There were copies of it fourteen centuries old in Greek, Latin, Gothic, and Ethiopian, ?nd a Syrian copy older still. We had abundant evidence that the Old Testament existed complete 2,000 years ago. _ But mere antiquity was no proof of inspiration. Old nonsense was still nonsense. The age of the Bible only played ia part in a certain stage of the argument for inspiration. To feel the weight of the argument we should first observe that the Bible was made up of many books, written by different writers in at least three languages, at intervals of hundreds of years; and further that, whenever Genesis was written, it was largely made up of other old books or traditions, for they were written in the most ancient form of the most ancient language of which we have record, vide Ewald These books contained the history, laws, philosophy, and poetry, and were the chief literature, of a race which had played a front part in the life of mankind for 3,000 years. 1 These books were not made straicrht nff HIta theKoran or tlfe Pook Mormon, but^vere I made by many of the brightest minds of a great people. Notwithstanding the diversity there was in the Bible a wondrous unity of idea and purpose. The fact and the nature of the Unity were the patent evidence of inspiration. "The seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head" was the root thonght of Scripture. The preacher then showed the relation to this of the call of Abraham, the work of Moses, the wonders ^ S ^ e prophecies of Balaam, the promiseto David, the erection of the Temple, tne successive predictions of the prophets, the birth of Christ at Bethleheia, the descent of the Holy Ghost, the establishment of tlie Church, and how the New Testament prophecy declared that Christ should come again in glory, cast the serpent into the lake of fire, and then that Paradise should be more than regained. Written by many men in many ages the books of the Bible found a unity in an amazing complex idea about an amazing being called the Christ, and when he found that the life, the glory, and the shame of a great nation had clustered round this Christ, his reason and his heart made him own the Bible inspired. The Bible recorded some glimpses of the personal life of Jesus. That life was plainly inspired with love to God and man, with hatred to sin and love of justice. None could read without feeling the fire of Christ's inspiration, Christ was the _ centre of the unity which proved inspiration to the reason, and the power of inspiration in the Scriptures to the heart. The argument from prophecy was not to be despised. The fulfilment of a prophecy mi?ht not prove inspiration, but we found in Scripture scores of predictions, ard we found many of these referred, to great matters, such as the fallof Tyre, Babylon, Nineveh, Persia, Greece, and Rome. Then we found predictions about the Church of God, and the great battle between right and wrong, and the final victory at the end of the world. Then, again, all these prophecies centred round the id?a of the Christ. The testimony of Jesus was the very spirit of prophecy. Moreover, events were foretold hundreds of yeirs before their occurrence, e.g., Deut. xxviii., as to the dispersion of the Jews; and also the propheciespf the details of Christ's sufferings. The uumbar, ' grandeur, and unity of the predictions of the Scriptures evinced their inspiration from God. Objection had been made that the Hebrew language was dead 700 B.C. It certainly wps not dead before the final captivity, which was a,bout 588 B.C. Thev did not forget their own tongue while in their own laid. Besides, several books of the Scripture were written in Hebrew after the return from captivity. There were coins extant with Hebrew motto 14% B.C. Spinoza was no authority on philology. We had learned the cognate languages of Assyria and Babylon since his day. An able modern writer says:—"Some common notions of the laxity and indefiniteness of the Hebrew -have no other foundations thkn the very inadequate] scholarship of the persons who form them." There were difficulties, and our copies were not perfect in every jot and tittle. We had fair copies, and that was enough for reasonable people. Our copies carried 99 per cent, of the inspiration of the original. The inspiration of the Bible did not depend upon its petty details, but on its revelation of the Eternal Father, us explanations of sin, sorrow, and solvation, and its proffers of pardon, conversion, sanctif cation, and glory. These stupendous realities evinced from generation to generation the inspiration of the Bible. WORKING MEN'S CLUB.—The eighteenth concert, which was held on Saturday night, was a great success. There was a large attendance, and an interesting programme was carried out successfully. The Chairman announced that the Working Men's Cricket Club h ad been started with about fifty 1 members, and the following officers had been' elected:—Patron, Hon. J. C. Bray; Presided, Mr. W. P. Wicksteed; Vice-Presidents, Hon. W. K. Simms, M.L.C., Mr. G. D. Green, M.P., Dr. Todd, Messrs. P. McRostie, A. Armbruster, and other gentlemen. CHALMERS CHURCH.—On Sunday evening, September 21, a service of praise on the " Life of Wycliffe " was conducted in this Church. The singing of the school children under the leadership of Mr. Daniels was very good, while the connective remarks by the pastor (the Rev. D, Paton) were particularly ffective. 