WW -THE OTHER SIDE OF THE QUESTION. Ifo one agreed more thoroughly with all the sneers at servantgalism than Mr. P. Familias. He regarded the domestic as decidedly the boss of the situation, and when his'wife told him that Mary wanted a fortnight's holidays this Eaater, he cried ;— "Let her have them by all means. We can get on very nicely without her, and for a fortnight we shall feel like we did in our new married days, when 1 used to get up and light the fire, and you used to do the delicious cooking that has been a lost art in this house since servants and babies invaded it." "Yes, that would be really nice," said Mrs. Familias, " but," she added, dubiously, "do you think you could manage to clean the knives and boots for a couple of weeks ?" " Clean the boots and knives, my dear," said Mr. Familias, "why I could clean on my head. Bun in a boot factory and a cutler's establishment in addition to our stock, and keep your eye on the father, and he will undertake to pull the lot through." So Mary got her holidays,and the old happy times commenced. Mr. P. Familias did not quite relish the turning out in the morning and lighting the fire, but his spouse reminded him of the halcyon days of the first year of their wedded life, so he shivered into his clothes and built a fire of solid fire-kindlers, By the time he had got the kettle on, his wife, who was in the bath-room, called out to him: " You might just lay the table for breakfast, there's a dear, It will remind you of the halcyon days of our early wedded|life." " Oh, bust the halcyon days of our early wedded life," muttered F. Familias to himself. |" I'm beginning to get full of this thing." However, he set about his task with the best graoe possible. It was only when he tackled the tablecloth that he realised for the first time in his life that there is skill even in laying a tablecloth. He tried by graceful sweeps to spread it evenly, but the more he shook it the more it settled down like a relief map of the St. Kildaroad, where hills and valleys were picturesquely intermingled. When he had, in his efforts to " lay it flat," swept all the ornaments from the mantelpiece and the sideboard, nearly strangled himself several times, and wrapped himself up in it until he looked like a sheeted ghost, he got upon the table and spread the cloth aB if it were a carpet. After this, Familias got on swimmingly as he thought. He laid the breakfast things and surveyed them with the pleasurable feelings of an inventor who has found his experiments turn oat successfully. " Mary herself couldn't have done it better, I flatter myself," he mused, as he gazed on his triumph. Whether he was justified in so much self-congratulation may be gathered from the fact that as soon as his wife came in, she said— " Well, that is a breakfast table 1" "Yes, my dear," replied her husband, gratified, "I thought you'd admire it." "Why, you've set the knives AS if we were all left-handed, Where are the teaspoons ? Why didn't you get the sugar ? We can't drink out of cups without saucers, and you've forgotten the slop-basin." Mrs. Familias set about re-arranging the breakfaBt things, giving her lord and master the comforting assurance that it would take her just twise as long to alter as to have done it in the first instance. The discomfited man was told off to give the children their morning bread and milk. He gave it to tnem scalding hot, and when they burnt their mouths the youngsters yelled so loudly for Ma and Mary to feed them, that the dejected Familias fled in dismay, and tried to seek solace in cleaning the boots and knives. Five minutes later he reappeared before his wife, who, with the resigned air of a martyr who was prepared for any trials, asked— " What is the matter now ? " " Did Mary leave her addreBB ?' " Yes, it is so-and-so," said Mrs. F. " All right," said Familias, going for his hat; "I shall be back in ten minutes." " Where are you going! " enquired Mrs. Familias. " To the telegraph station," replied "Mr. Familias, "to wire to Mary asking her where the devil she keeps the blacking brushes." Mrs. Familias found them, and the poor man set to work. By the time one boot waB polished, breakfast was ready. After breakfast Familias returned to the bootblack business. By the time he had got through, dressed himself, and reached his place of business, it was a quarter to twelve 1 Familias realised that this state of things for a fortnight would never do, so for the remainder of the term, he went to town with unpolished boots, ate his meals with sesquloxidised knives, and allowed his wife to lay the table. The fortnight s holidays expired yesterday, and it was only with difficulty that Mrs. F. could dissuade her husband from going with a brass band to meet their domestic, and give her a royal welcome home. 