CURIOUS BIBLES. [By the Rev. W. Wright, D.D., in the Leisure Hour A The Scriptures of the Old and New Testa ments, published in one volume, are called the Bible, to mark the supremacy of that book over all other books. No book has been so often translated or so carefully translated as the Bible, and no book has bean so often printed, or so carefully printed, a3 the Bible. With all the pains, however, taken by translators, revisers, and proof-readers to render the Word of God perfect in diction and free from printers' errors, some pecu liarities of expression and typographical blemishes have passed into certain versions and editions of the Scriptures, and theBehave stamped their names on the editions in which they are found. I propose iu this article to draw attention to the most remarkable of these peculiarities. The Breeches Bible. " Then the eies of them both were opened, [and they knew that they were naked, and they sewed ibige tree leanes together and made themselves .Breeches,"— Gen. iii. 7. This verse is taken from the Geneva Bible, which was printed in 1560, and commonly called the Breeches Bible. The Geneva version was made by English exiles who took refuge at Geneva during the reign of Queen Mary. It was dedicated to Queen Eliza beth, and became the most popular Bible in England and Scotland, and though unau thorised, it became the Bible of the church and the home, and it is estimated that nearly two hundred editions were issued between 1560; and 1630, before the authorised Bible succeeded m taking its place. It is not generally known that a similar rendering of the passage in Genesis existed both in English and French long before the publication of the Geneva version. In 1843 William Gaxton published the "Golden Legend," which consisted of a translation of the greater part of the Gospels and nearly the whole of the Pentateuch. This paraphrastic rendering of a large por tion of the Bible was frequently reprinted and largely read by the people, and was no doubt instrumental in producing a desire for tbe Word of God, and thus in a measure pre pared tbe way for better translations and the Reformation. In the "Golden Legend" Gen. iii. 7 is thus rendered: "And thus they kaewe then that they were naked. And they toke figge leuis and sewed them togyder for to covor tbeyr membres in manner of brechis." In 1530 Jacques le Fevre d'Estaples pub lished a complete version of the Bible, which baB generally, though incorrectly, been con sidered the first complete Bible in the French language. His rendering of Gen. iii. 7 is, "Ilz oonairent ensemble des fueilles do figuer et firent pour eux des brcdes." Thus there were practically two distinctly Breeches Bibles long before the Geneva version was thought of. It cannot bo doubted that Le Fcvre's splendid Bible was in the hands of the English exiles at Geneva, and it la more than probable that the Golden Legend may have been in the hands of the French translator. The Bug Bible. " So that thou sfialt not nede to be afraid for any Bugges by nighte, nor for the arrow that flyeth by day.-'—Pa xcf. 5. This rendering has fastened the above name to Matthew's Bible, printed In London in 1551, but just as there were Breeches Bibles before the Genevan, to which the name Is now exclusively applied, there were Bug Bibles long beforer Matthew's Bible. The first complete Bible printed in the English language (1535), that of Miles Coverdale, is a Bug Bible, and also that of Taverner, printed 1539. The word hug is supposed to come from the Welsh bwg, which means terror, spectre, hob goblin, &e.; We see here how the march of time affects speech and how usage and fashion varies even as regards words, words lately current are now disreputable. We stiQ have tbe words bugbear and bogey, but in Shake speare's time the original substantive was in common use and quite respectable— "Sir, spare your threats; The bug which you would fright me with I sesk." The Treacle, Bible " Is there not triaclo at Gi'.ead ? Is there no physition there?'—Jer. vili 22. This translation is found in the Bishops' Bible, a revision of the Great Bible by Arch bishop Parker and a number of scholars, eight of whom were bishops. The book was published in folio in 1568, and three years later Convocation ordered that each bishop and archbishop should have a copy iu his large hall or dining-room, and copies were to be placed in cathedrals and parish churches. The order was only partially obeyed, and the Geneva Bible held its place in the homes of the people. The booh is now generally known as the Treacle Bible, and is prized on account of the reading from which it takes its name, bat it has no exclusive right to the name, as the ame reading is found in the earliest com plete Bible published in the English lan guage, namely, that of Ooverdale of 1535. The Rosin Bible. "Is there no xosin in Gilead? is there no physician there?"—Jer. viil. 22. This reading gives a name to the first edition of the Douai Bible, printed in 1609\. As Protestant exiles from Eagland in the reign of Queen Mary prepared the Geneva version of the English Bible, so Catholic exiles from England during the reign_ of Queen Elizabeth prepared -he Douai version, the first Roman Catholic Bible, The translation was made about 1532. when the New Testament was printed at Rheims. William Allen is supposed to have been the chief translator. He had been a distinguished Roman Catholic dignitary under Queen Mary, and is said to have been designated Primate of England and Legate of Rome in case the Spanish Armada had succeeded. The word translated rosin in the Douai version was translated in the Geneva version, as in the authorised, by balm, but the Geneva version rendered tbe same word rosin in God. xliii. 11., and in Gen. xxxvii. 25 it give3 as alternative readings for the same word rosin, turpentine, and triacle, The Geneva Bible might as well have been called the Rosin Bible as the Douai version. Eten in our own English Bible we have rosin as an alternative reading for (Ezeb, xxvii, 17) the same word. The Peacemakers' Bible. " Blessed are the place-makers; for they shall be called the children of God."—Matt. v. 9. This extraordinary misprint occurred in the second edition of the Geneva Bible, pub lished at Geneva in folio in 1561-2, The mistake was corrected, and, as far as I know, never occurred again. The Vinegar Bible. " The Parable of tho Vinegar," instead of " The Parable of the Vineyard," appears in the ahaptor-heading to Luke xx. in an Oxford edition of the authorised version which was published in 1717. The book was published by J. Baskett, in imperial folio, and is said to bo the most sumptuous of all the Oxford Bibles. The printing is very beautiful, and some of the copieB were printed on vellum, but unfortunately the proofs were carelessly read, and the book printed by Basket was called '' a basketful of printers'errors," The book is now prized on account of its typo graphical faults. The Wicked Bible. This extraordinary name has been given to an edition of the authorised Bible, printed in London by Robert Barker and Martin Lucas in 163L The negative was left out of the Seventh Commandment, and William Kll burne, writing in 1659, says that owing to the zeal of Dr. Usher the printer was fined £2,000 or £3.000. In Laud's published works there is a copy of the king's letter directing that the printers he fined £3,OCO, but Dr. Scrivener, however, asserts, I know not on what authority, that the real fine was one of £300, inflicted by Archbishop Laud, to ba ex pended on a fount of fair Greek type." Only four copies oE this scarce Bible are now knowD, as the edition was destroyed, and all copies called in as soon as the mistake was discovered. Dr. Scrivener declared that a copy existed at Wolfenbiittel. This led to a search being made. No such English Bible was discovered, but a German Bible with the very same mistake was found in its stead. The Persecuting Printers' Bible. Printers have persecuted me without a cause." —P3. cxix. 161. The word printers instead of princes has given occasion for the above name. All we know of this edition is stated by Mr. Henry Stevens in the catalogue of the Caxtoa Ex hibition of Bibles, where he says that the*e words were put into the mouth of Cotton Mather by a blundering typographer in a Bible printed before 1702. The Ears to Ear, Bible. "Who hath ears to ear, let him hear.—Matt, xiii. 43. This adaptation to Cockney usage is found in an 8vo Bible published by the Oxford Press hi 181QL The same book contains a more serious blunder in Hebrews ix. 14— " How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the Eternal Spirit offered him self without spot to God, purge your con science from good works to serve tho living God." The Standing Fishes Bible. " And it shall come to pass that the fishes shall stand upon it," etc.—Ezek.xlvii. 10. The word fishes is used for fishers in a 4to Bible printed by the King's printer in London in 1806, and reprinted in a 4to edition o' 1813, and in an 8vo edition of 1823. The Idle Shepherd Bible. " Wee to the idle shepherd that leaveth the flock." —Zecb. sL 17. The word idle shepherd is used instead of idol shepherd in a very faulty 8vo Bible issued by the Oxford Press in 1801. The printers no doubt intended to correct what seemed to them a mistake, and which is un doubtedly an unfortunate rendering. The exact meaning is vain, empty, and therefore foolish. The Discharge Bible. " I discharge thee before God."—I Em. v. 21. This reading disfigures a 4to Bible issued by tbe King's printers in London in 1802, I am not awaie that it has ever been repeated. The Wife-Hater Bible. "If any man come to me, and hate not his father . . . yea, and his own ivife also " &c.;—Lase xir. 26. This reading is found in an Svo Bible printed by the Oxford University Press in 1810. Rebekah's Camels Bible. " And Bebekah aroie, and her camels."—Gen. xxiv., 6L The word camels instead of damsels occurs in an 8vo Bible published in 1S23 by the King's printers in London. To Remain Bible. "Persecuted him that was born after the spirit to remain, even so it is now."—GaL iv. 29. This typographical error, which was per petuated in the first 8vo Bible printed for the Bible Society, takes its chief importance from the curious circumstances under which it arose. A 12mo Bible was being printed at Cambridge in 1S05, and the proof-roador being In doubt as to whether or not he should remove a comma, applied to his superior and. the reply, pencilled on the margin, "to remain," was transferred to the body of the text, and repeated in the Bible Society's Svo edition 1805-6, and also in another 12mo edition of 1819. The Religious Bible. "Because she hath been religions agiinst me. saith the Lord."—Jer. iv. 17. This word religious, instead of rebellious, ii found in an 8vo Bible printed in Edinburgh in 1637. The Independents' Bible, or The Ye or We Bible. "Wherefore, brethren, look ye ont among you sevem men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wfsdonr, whom ye may appoint over this busi ness:"—Acts vi. 3, The little word ye, instead of we, in this verse has given rise to much controversy and feeliDg. The correct reading, toe, shows that while the selection of office-bearers was the right of the Church—"look ye out"—the apostles reserved themselves the power of ordination or setting apart—" whom we may appoint," etc. In the days when politfcul feeling and religious pastion were strong, Cromwell was accused of having procured the reading for a bribe of £1,000. The miatake, however, is found in a magnificent revised Cambridge Bible, printed in 1638, The royal standard of civil war was raised at Nottingham in 1642, and at that period Cromwell cculd not have tampered, if he had wished to do so, with the text of the Bible. The charge against Crom well simply shows the length to which tbe bitterness of hato may lead. The reading in the Cambridge Bible of 1638 was followed in subsequent editions. I have m my possession a Bible of 1633, m which the mistake is perpetuated. Oa the flyleaf thereis the following M S. note : " This edition has the remarkable misprint in the opinion of some, but in the opinion of others a deliberate vitiatioD, in Acts vl. 3, ' whom ye may appoint,'which was charged upon tho Independents or Presbyterians, and which the General Assembly thought itself called npen to disclaim.—Acta v. Assembly 1698. "From memorandum on the late Rev. John Jaffray's copy of this bible, at John Knox's house Cannongate, Edinburgh." The He and She Bible, " He measured sixe meaaniea of barley, and laid it on htr : and he went into the cltie,"and " she went into the title."—Buth SI. 15. Everybody knows that tho authorised!ver sion, called King James's Bible, was issued in 1611, and that tbe millions of the authorised version Bince printed have followed that edition. It is not generally known that the 1611 edition of the Bible was printed from two separate and distinct copies, and that one set of the folios follows one copy and another set of folioB follows another copy. The 4so and 8vo editions also run in two streams, one-half following the He Bible and one-half the She Bible. To possess the first edition of the authorised Bible it is necessary to have the two folios, and the key to each is found in Ruth iii. 15 They differ from each other on a great many minute points. There has been much investigation as to which of the two deserves to stand first, and those whom we look to as authorities are divided on the subject. For instance, Mr. Francis Fry is of opinion that the He Bible is the original, but Dr. Scrivener holds that the right of priority belongs to the She Bible. Mr. Henry Stevens, who is also a very high authority, agrees with Mr. Fry, I am inclined to believe that the right of priority belongs to neither, and that both were printed simultaneously. The book was eagerly expected, and facilities for rapid pro duction were not very great, and doubtless two presses worked hard and at the same time on two sets of copy, and the numerous divergencies are simply the slips of the copyist and the printers of each set of copy. In a short time the She Bible prevailed, and only recently Dr. Scrivener, in his paragraph Bible, has returned to the correct reading of the He Bible. The Ye Lobe Testament. "■What then la ApolIos?and what is Paal? Ministers through whom ye Lord believed; and each as the gave to him x Cor. iii 5. This error, with which I close this article, is found in the Bevised New Testament, brevier 16mo. It consists simply in the mis placing of the word Lord five words too soon in the verse; but even this small mistake will give the .book a peculiar interest with collectors. It is only because the Bible is so pure and so holy that these incongruities and mis takes are noticed. They lesemble spots on the sun, which do not impede the sun's light and heat. 