JACOBJ'S WiFE. BY ADELINE SEEGEANT, Author of "Her Work in Life," "Beyond Eecall, a Story of the Egyptian War," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXXIX. A CUP OF TEA. Tlie solitary walk which Joan had taken pave her leisure to reflect upon the situation in which she now found herself, and the upshot of her reflections was, that she could not well decide whether or not it was her duty to surrender the papers that Clarice had placed in her hands, without ascertaining what they wera Accordingly, as Patty had reported, she occupied herself that evening in deliberately examining, for the first time, the papers fastened into the bag which she had guarded with such jealous care. "It is for Geoffrey's sake I do it," she said to herself. "If these papers are dangerous to him, I have a right to see them, it is I who care for him now. No one else has the right,' And then she unfolded the papers and looked at them with care. The letter written in Geoffrey's name as well as that from the Hospital Secretary and the receipt, told her little; but there were a iew words of explanation on a separate piece iof paper—a sort of memorandum of the facts —By Sir Wilfred Vanborongh, which made dive story clear enough. And then it was that Joan wept, not over her lover's guilt, for of that no evidence conld ever have con yinoed her, but over the occurrence of circumstances which had involved him in such misfortune. And when she had dried her .tears, she sat still and thought intensely. "I fancy that Mr. Jacobi has not all the power be boasts of," she said to herself, as she passed in review the details of his visit. "lAo not believe that Sir Wilfred, cruel as he is, would permit these papers to become public property. . He^has shielded Geoffrey now bed. , not think Sir Wilfred would. Aivd Clarice knew what these papers were when she brought them to me. She thought they would be safe with me. And so they shall be." She folded np the papers and replaced them in the bag. Her hps were set in a firm line of fixed determination. She took a needle and cotton from her work- box, and began to sew the edges of the little bag together. " If Sir Wilfred sends for me and speaks to me himself," she thought, " I will make my own terms with him. But give them to Mr. Jacobi I will not. Let him do his worst; he cannot harm me much. I shall have due warning when they want me to give up the papers. And theD a daring notion flashed across her mind. Should she destroy them alto gether? But this she shrank from doing— unless, indeed, Sir Wilfred should die: in which case she might possibly be justified in thus preserving Geoffrey from the malice of bis enemies. At any rate she would not destroy papers which were not her own pro perty until concealment was impossible. And, acting upon this decision, she hung the bag round ner neck once more and went to bed. Geoffrey was not left alone. On alternate nights old Anthony was sent from Beechhurst by his master to sit up with Captain Van borough. On the nights when he was absent Joan and Mary Gray shared the watch between them. This was one of the nights on which Anthony was in the house, and Joan therefore slumbered with a compara tively easy mind. For the next day or two things went quietly. Jacobi came daily to the farm on the pretext of enquiring after Geoffrey, and his errand seemed so natural to the farmer and his son that they never gave his visits more than a passing thought. It was only Joan whom they inspired with a vague dis trust. As long, however, as she could keep him out of Geoffrey's room she did not trouble herself concerning the length of his stay every morning, or the frequency of his interviews with Patty. She did notice, however, that Patty's orna ments about this time greatly increased in number and value. She had always dressed gaily—much too gaily for a farmer s wife—in ribbons, laces, feathers, trinkets innumerable; but Joan's honest soul—careful yet generous as it was—was moved to dismay when she beheld her sister-in-law's gaudy earrings, brooches, and bracelets, which Joan knew must have been recently purchased, and which Bhe thought Scth could not well afford. To remonstrate was, however, an ungracious task, and one which for the present she thought she might defer until a more con venient season. Patty herself at this time seemed unusually kind and amiable to Joan. She was con stantly impressing upon her the necessity of walking and amusing herself as much as pos sible; constantly expressing anxiety lest sick nursing should injure her health, and de claring her own willingness to watch by Captain Vanborough night and day should she be allowed to do so. Joan wondered a little at this change of sentiment on Patty's part, but accepted it in all good faitb. Bhe began to think that Patty had a kind heart, The weather had grown very hot. It was the height of summer, and the days were close and oppressive. Old Anthony was to spend the night at the farm, and Joan, who had a bad headache, was almost glad for once to think that she had not to sit up with Geoffrey. " You don't look at all well, Joan," said Patty, sympathetically. " Suppose you go I fie do* and fie down, and I'll bring you a cup of tea or something by-and-hy." " Thank you, I don't want anything," Joan answered. "But I think I will go and lie down; the weather makes one's head ache." " Yes, it's the weather," said Patty, with rather an odd look, which, however, escaped Joan's observation. " There'll be a storm soon, I dare say. Good night, if you are going." " Good night," said Joan. Then, moved by a sudden impulse, she put her arm round Patty and kissed her on tne forehead. "You are very kind to me, dear," she said. "Thank you—and good-night." Fatty did not return the kiss. She stood with her head studiously bent over her apron and made no answer. There was a tear in her blue eyes. "I wish I hadn't promised, after all," she said to herself with some uneasiness, when Joan had left the room. Farmer Darenth and his son had gone to a horse fair at some little distance from Charn wood. They would not be home until late. Patty first assured herself that the farm ser vants were all out of the way; then she tripped lightly down the garden path, crossed the orchard, and arrived at a little deserted building which had once been used as a hen house, but was now in a very dilapidated condition. Here she tapped very lightly with her fingers at the door. A key was turned in the lock from inside, and the door slightly opened. Patty pushed it further open, entered, and found herself face to face with Mr. Constantine Jacobi, who was smoking a cigarette. "My goodness, Mr. Jacobi, you shouldn't smoke here," she said with an affectation of alarm. " Suppose somebody came this way!" " But you say that nobody does come this way, don't you?" said Jacobi. "Besides, people would think there was a tramp some where near—that would be all." " Oh, yes, tramps smoke scented cigars, of course,' said Patty, with what was intended to be withering sarcasm. " You'd better put it out, if you want to be safe, sir. I don't know what Seth would say to me, I'm sure, if he knew what I was doinir." " He would say you were as clever as you were pretty," said Jacobi carelessly, "and that would be sayiug a good deal Well, show me the hole in the wall you spoke of." Patty moved to one side of the building, 1 and displaced some boards which covered a rather large aperture in the walL " There !" she said. " Now, if anybody comes to the door and knocks it in—for the lock is not safe you know—you can get away through that hole. Or, if they come to the hole, you can get away through the door. I don't think you'll he caught if you are carefuL" " Thanks," said Jacobi. " This iB a capital place of concealment. I shall be comfort able enough here for a few hours. And how is Joan?" " Joan has a headache," said Patty, looking uneasy again. "A headache ? Of course, that is what I meant her to have. What did you do with the stuff I gave you, Patty?" " I pnt it into ner tea yesterday and to-day. It won't do her any harm, will it ?" " Of course not: you silly little creature. I don't want to do her any harm. 1 only wanted her to have a headache to-day, ana you see I have accomplished my purpose." " Yes, but you want me to give her some thing else, don't you ?" said Patty, in a slightly reluctant tone. " Only something to make her sleep a trifle more soundly than usual, my dear. You need not be afraid." "Yon are sure it—it won't kill her?" said Patty, nervously. '' She'll woke up all right, will she not)?" " Of course she will. What extraordinary ideas you have got in your mind?" said Jacobi, with a glance,which was not a particularly pUasantone. "It is the most common thing in the world to give people a little dose to make them sleep soundly. I often take one myself. I have often given one to Sir Wilfred and MiPS Vanborough," " Well, I don't knew," Patty began, hesi tatingly ; but Jacobi interrupted her with some sharpness. "Do you want the ten nounds I promised you or do you not? If you do you must earn it." Patty began to whimper. " I'm sure I'm ready enough to earn it," she said plaintively. " It's only that I don't want to do any barm to Joan. If you're quite sure that she won't be hurt I don't mind " " I did not know you were so fond of your precious sister-in-law," said Jacobi, with a sneer. "However, as yon are so anxious about her welfare, I can assure you that my medicine will not have the slightest injurious effect. Now are you ready to do what I tell you ?" " yes," said Patty, in a submissive tone. Jacobi produced a tiny bottle from his pocket. "Look here. I have mixed theexactdosein this bottle. All you have to do is to pour it into her tea and let her drink it. There is neither taste ncr smell, and she will never dream of anything being amiss. She will ba fast asleep in half an hour, and will not wake till morning. In an hour's time from the moment when you give her the cup of tea, go to her, take the bag from her neck, and bring it to me." " Suppose she wakes up ?" said Patty, fear fully. "Shecan't wake. She wouldn't wake if a wagon and four horses drove through the room. You needn't be afraid. Then bring the bag and all that it contains to me." "But what shall I say in the morning?" said. Mrs. Seth Darenth, in helpless tones. " She will ask if I came into her room—if I know anything about it: she will tell father and Seth. What shall I do ?".( "You little fool, you'll put the bag back when I've got out of.; what I want. She will never know it has been touched unless she looks into it; and that perhaps she will never do. So calm your mind, Patty, mv dear, and go and earn your ten pounds. It is half-past 7 o'clock now. We shall not get our business done till 9. Your husband won't be home before half-past 9 or 10. We have not too much time after all. Go and make her "When will you give me the ten pounds?" " When you come back with the bag. See here," and Jacobi displayed upon the palm of his hand ten golden sovereigns. " These will be yours, pretty Patty, as soon as ye have earned them." Patty smiled, nodded, and departed with the bottle hidden in her hand. J acobi seated himself on a block of wood, and calmly re sumed the smoking of his cigarette. " I don't want any tea, really, Patty," said Joan some ten mintues later, when Patty appeared at the bedside with a cup and saucer in her hand, and a rather flushed, ex cited face. " You must drink it now I have made it on purpose for you," said Patty, quickly. " Why, I thought you would be glad of it, Jean. I'm sure it would send you to sleep, and take your headache away." " More likely it would keep me awake," said Joan, with a faint laugh. "Well, as you have so kindly made it, Patty, I will drink it." She took the cup from Patty's hands, and drank its contents thirstily. She was evi dently a little feverish. Patty stood by and watched her with frightened eyes. There was something diabolical in her simple eyes in the notion of sending people to sleep against their will. She said " good night" to Joan, and carried the cup and saucer downstairs, placing them carelessly in the scullery to he washed by one of the maids. Patty was not formed to be a conspirator. She suddenly remembered that she had left the little bottle upon the table after she had emptied it into the cup of tea, and she advanced hastily to the table in order to secrete it. But the bottle was not there. Patty felt a sudden qualm of fright. Then she consoled herself quickly. One of the stupid servants must have been inside the parlour and taken it away. She called out angrily— " Mary—Bessy—where are you ?" And as Bessie, a red-cheeked damsel of sixteen, ap peared, Mrs. Seth Darenth made her accusa tion. " How dare you take my things away? Where is the hottle I left on tne table ?" " I ain't seen no bottle," said Bessy, open ing her eyes. " What kind o' bottle was it, mum ?" " The bottle I keep my—my toothache mixture in," said Patty, with a lie ready to hand. It was nearly empty, but I wanted to get it filled again. Be quick and look for it." BeBsy hunted everywhere for the missing bottle, but could not find it. And Patty was forced to relinquish her search for it at last, though not without some misgivings that Mr. Jacobi would refuse her the ten pounds if she did not return him his bottle. More than half an hour had elapsed since the administration of the sleeping- draught. Pattv thought that she would go upstairs and take a look at Joan through her peep hole. She must be asleep by this time. Curious fact! Joau did not appear to be asleep at all. She was turning restlessly upon her pillow, and sighing now and then. Patty watched her breathlessly. Surely Mr. Jacoui had not been mistaken? Was Joan not going to sleep after all ? There ! now she was quieter. She had not moved for some minutes. Was she sinking into slumber at last ? No, that she was not; she was sighing again, and turning restlessly as she had done before. Patty cast a frightened glance at a clock behind her. The time was speeding away, and Seth would soon be there. Could nothing be done to make Joan go to sleep ? She looked again. Joan was lying motion less upon her bed. " I believe she is asleep," said Patty to herself. " Ive a good mind to go in now and take the bag." But even as these thoughts passed through her mind, Joan stirred. She sat up erect, and called out in a firm, clear voice " Patty!" Patty gave a sudden start. Her first im pulse was to imagine that Joan had in some occult way become aware of her sister-in law's watchful eye at the hole in the parti tion, and to answer humbly even from her point of vantage. After that first moment of alarm, however, she scrambled down from the chair on which she had been standing and stood in the middle of the room, her heart beating violently. And then her name was called again, and she collected herself so far as to respond, and to make her way tremblingly into the passage. Joan appeared at the door of her own room, a tall, white figure, with her magnificent hair falling over her shoulders, and her eyes bright witn unusual lustre. " Patty," she said, " my headache is gone, but I feel as if I should never go to sleep again. I am wide awake. If you like to go to bed, I will dress and ait up for father and Seth. They are snre to be late." Patty stared at Joan with guilty, dilated eyes, and did not speak. " How white you look, Patty?" said her sistcr-in-law. "You have been too long alone. I will be down directly, and then you can go to bed as soon as you like." • She closed the door as she spoke. Patty stood for a moment transfixed by fright ana astonishment, then ran softly downstairs, let herself out of the house, and sped toward the deseited building at the end of the orchard. Jacobi opened the door as soon as he heard her hasty tap. "What a time you have been !" he said,' " What has happened ?" In a few incoherent words she rave him the history of the ex periment. He uttered a furious oath and ground his teeth with rage. "I must try some other way, then," he said, his brow contracting ominously. "And my ten pounds, Mr. Jacobi J" said Patty, nearly crying between vexation, dis appointment, and fear. "I'm Bure I've earned it, for it wasn't my fault if Joan didn't fall asleep. " Oh, I dare say you spilt the mixture or spoilt it in some way," said Jacobi, coolly. I m not going iopay you when I haven't got what I came for, Mrs. Seth Darenth." Then, seeing that she was on the point of bursting into tears, he added, " There's a sovereign just now at any rate. We'll see about the rest later. Now you had better go home as quickly as yon can or Joan will suspect some thing. I want to get out of this abominable place as soon as possible." Patty came in from the garden looking so confused and so anxious that a person must have been blind not to suspect that some thing was amiss. Joan wondered, but said nothing. She herself felt so restless and feverish that she wandered out into the cool evening air for refreshment. The opiate had the only effect of making her wakeful for the whole night, and leaving her with a slight headache next morning. Doctor Ambrose met her, as it happened, at the garden gate, when ha paid bis daily visit to Geoffrey, and asked what ailed her. She told him that Ehe had spent a wakeful night, and that that was all. " Wakeful nights don't generally leave yon with such pale cheeks," said tne doctor, regarding her with some keenness. "What kept you awake ?" ' I don't know. I had a headache and went to bed early. I think a cup of tea that I drank must have had something to do with it," said Joan, smilling a little, for one of her doctor's pet theories was based on the evil effects o( too much tea and coffee drinking. " A bad thing—a bad thins," said Dr. Am brose, seriously. "You will ruin your con stitution you know, if you will drink tea late at night, Joan. Now I must go and see my patient, I suppose." Neither of thcui had noticed the near ap proach of a man who had been working in the garden while they talked. He had a dark, sullen expression of countenance, but it softened a little as he .touched his cap to Joan. She 'recognised hiin at once as Patty's ne'er-do-weel cousin, Joel Price. "Why, Joel," she said, "Idid not know that you were working here. How is your rheumatism ?" " It's better, Miss, thankee." " Did you rub your arm with the stuff I sent you ? And did it do you good ?" The man grunted out a sulky assent. Joan moved forward to join the doctor, when she was arrested by a few words from Joel. "Look here." he said, "don't you go for to get Patty into trouble if I tells yer some thing." "No," said Joan. "You may trust me. What iB it ?" "You was always kind to me," Joel went on, " and I don't like to see tricks played you. It was Patty as kept you awake, ishe put some stuff into your tea from a little bottle—I see her from the window—and then she nodded to herself and said, 'That'll make her sleep now.' Here's the bottle that she poured it out of. I got it while she went upstairs with your tea. She was joking belike. She's played me many a trick afore now, and I thought I'd be even with her for once." " Thank you, Joel," said Joan, taking the bottle from the man's hand quietly. " Don't say anything about it." " Not I. You won't get her into trouble for it neither, will you ?" "Certainly not. I am much obliged to you ?" Joan walked down the path and joined' the: doctor at the other end of the garden. " Well," he said, in the tone, half jokingy half friendly, in which he sometimes accosted her, "you look as if you had seen a ghost. What have you got there ?" " Could yon tell me what has been inside, that bottle, Doctor Ambrose," she said. The doctor took it from her hand andl looked at it suspiciously. " I might be able to tell you to-morrow," he said. "Shall I take it home with me and see ?' " Yes, please. But you must promise not. to say anything about it to anybody." The doctor promised, wrapped the bottle in paper, and departed with it in his pocket. Joan awaited the result of his examination with some anxiety. But when the morrow came Doctor Am brose's usual visit was omitted. On the fol lowing day, however, his assistant appeared: in his place, with the news that the old, doctor had been taken suddenly ill, and. had been, for the last four and twenty hours, utterly incapable of movement or of speech, 