Amusements. ' Opera. House. — 'Bobadil,' a comie opera, in three acts, was produced at the Opera House on Saturday night, before a very large audience. Every seat was occupied, and many persons had to stand during- the whole time occupied in the performance of the work. The libretto of the opera has been written by Mr. Walter Parke, and the music has been composed by Mr. Luscombe Searelle, who acted as contractor. The plot is .borrowed from one ot the stories in the ' Arabian Knights,' in which a poor man desires to be Sultan for a day, in order that he may set the world tq rights, and the real Sultan gratifies his wish by giving him a sleeping potion, and whilst he is asleep, has him conveyed to the palace, so that when he awakes he feels amazed at finding himself placed in such an exalted position, and regards him self as bewitched. The story of the opera is so mixed up with allusions to passing events, general j)olities, and many other matters, as to give it the complexion of a musical extravaganza, partly Oriental and partly like the absurdities of nigger minstrelsy. It is in many respects a 'nigger' farce. On the thin thread of consistency which pervades the libretto the composer has sirung a number of duets, choruses, ballads, and recitative passages, all of which tend to develope the plot of the opera. The music is in many respects 'sparkling and brilliant, and strongly provocative of terpsu. -?.ovean. movements. A large portion of it is written either in waltz time or in other dance measures ; and this, when accom panied with a waltzing motion on the part of the members of the chorus, and with the costumes and scenery of the stage, renders the choral parts of the opera very pleasing. The effect of the choruses was' much enhanced by the preposses sing appearance of the lady members of the troupe. Not onfrequently female opera choristers are merely apologies for good-looking women ; but the chorus at the Opera House has some very fair samples of womanhood in it. The music often suggests reminiscences of something the lis teiier has heard before, either as a waltz, a ballad, or a nigger break-down. ; but no sooner does a person begin. to 'cudgel Ms brains' in oi-der to remember where he has heard something like what he is listen ing to than tho music starts olf at a tangent from the .sphere which the opening phrase of the number indi cated. It - would be unjust to say that Mr. Seaielle has been guilty of plagiarism ; but it is extremely probable that by acting for a long time as conductor for concert, opera, and theatrical companies, under whose auspices popular rtuisic would be chiefly performed, lio Tins insensibly imbibed the style of such compositions, so that when he begins to compose au air, the ghosts of perhaps J'org-otten melodies visit his imagination. l^or example, one passage in 'Bobadil' is an exact reproduction of a well-known strain in ' !Faust,:' and assigned to Valentine in that opera. Tha two best eonijjositioiis in the work are the song, ' When, love new down from Heaven's space,' sung mo=t effect ively by the Princess Zorayda (Miss Gracie Plaisted), and for which she received an ovation and a basket of fiovrers : aud Bobadil's song, 'I sai upon a puissant monarch's throne.' In tiieso, and in several other parts of the work, there are indications of original talent which show that if the composer would consign G-S and 3 ^4 and 2-4 dances to ths ball- room, and leave them there, he would be likely to achieve a fair amount of success in romantic opera : but it inust be remem bered that the financial aspect of the matter has to be considered. We hear much now a days of high art in music. This ' high art ' is pleasing to cultivated musicians ; but the great mass of the people duither care for it nor understand it. Some musical pedants estimate the merits of a musical per formance from au educational sfcaud point ; but the public do not attend concerts or operatic performances for the purpose of being in structed in the 'Divine Art;' they attend such entertainments solely for the purpose of being amused. Tiie ' getting up ' and the Easteation of au opera on the boards involves great expense, and hence the composer is obliged by the circumstance of the ease to make his music as attractive aud as popular as possible. This may account tor the popular cha Taeterof much of the music of Bohadii.' As Mr. Searelle is a young maa, we may reasonably ex pect music of another character from him here after. The orchestration of 'Bobadil' was not to our liking1. It was poor and thin, and re quires revision and improvement. The opening movement in the overture was bizarre in effect ; and, as played, .was plentifully sprinkled v.'ith discoitis. Many of ihs dance tunes in the choruses were giace ^^3dar£±t^««i.{5a»s«.of .±hem.jisusaaJlvp3i_ Tha. ^^HHB^^B^WsiinperiaJ hig- liness on tlic big- druia was^altogethcr too farcical for the 'niggers,' and still more so for an Oriental court. This part of the performance might be toned down a little with advan tage. Taking all things into consideration, and making due allowance for trivial hitches incidental to a first performance, we think that the composer has shown considerable talent and much ingenuity ia producing a work of a popular character ; the fair rendition of which will always be pleas ing to a miscellaneous audience. The opera was very prettily mounted, and tho costumes of the chorus, if not entirely Oriental, were picturesque and attractive, whilst the absence of full Turkish trou sers furled about the dainty (and other) ankles made the movements of the choristers piquant and in teresting to that numerous class of persons who pay more attention to the spectacular display than they do to the music of an opera. The atse EotaIi. — On Saturday evenmg last Byron's 'Lancashire Lass' was very successfully revived. Perhaps -the circumstance which is pest remembered in connection with its first production in Australia is that of its having furnished 5Ir J. E. Gre ville with one of his most popular characters. The re-appearance of the same comedian as 'ths party by the name of Johneon ' was accordingly warmly welcomed, and his presence on this, as on former occasions, was undoubtedly one of the chief elements in sustaining the lively interest which the drama .excited. 'The Lancashire Lass' has not been played at the IJoyal since the memorable season of the London Comedy Company, three or four years ago ; Johnson being then, enacted by poor Fred Mai p1im.11. It is only ba^e justice to Mr. Greville to say that even the performance cf that admirable actor did not, in many respects, surpass Tiis own ; and that at all events, if the power of exciting laughter were the sole test of the merits of the two assumptions, Ms' would have no reason to fear comparison. In the scene where Johnson reveals the motive for his bitter hatred of Danville, as the man who had robbed Mm of his sweetheart and ruined her, the sudden change which comes over the good humoured reprobate his temporary elevation to something of tragic dignity, was indeed more strikingly exhibited by Marshall ; but the situation as rendered by Grevxlle is by no means deficient in impressiveness and energy. -The scenes immediately preceding Danville's attempt to get rid of his persecutor, by pushing him off the JSgmoai Pier, were very humorously depicted; the efforts of the drunken Johnson to keep his legs' giving the actor pleniy of scope for -the- broad drollery in which. he delights. The more serious incidents of the drama, such as the in terrupted flight of Euth Kirby with her would-be seducer, the escape of Ned Clayton from, prison, the death of Slippery Dick in Australia, were also effec tually managed ; and the audience were moved, as usual, to loud demonstrations of approval when the Tnn.Tlrgma.Ti who so luckilv ended the career of the vil lain was revealed in the person of the supposed long lost 'party by the name of Johnson.' Mr. Dampier was seen to much . advantage as ? Ned Clayton, and. the heroine, Xfciih Kirby 'was sympa thetically pourtrayed by Miss Jennie Watt-Tanner. .'Miiwj Solange Navsro, who, ' by the way, seems to enjoy a monopoly of what Carlyle would have called ^ke role of 'unfortunate female,' displayed her wonted ability in that of the wretched £ate Gar stone. Euth'« father had a good representative in Mi'. Prank Harcburt, and the Lancashire accont was ?eorrectlyj assumed. Ae much can scarcely be .said of the Sergeant Dono-ven of Mr. Boothman, whose brogue .was certainly unlike anything ever heard from the lips of an Irishman. Mention must be made of the beautiful scenery— especially the set showing the xiver Mersey by night, and a view of Liverpool called forth hearty applause. The reflection of the moonlight on the Water 'was skilfully contrived, and the steamer introduced was highly creditable to the mechaniet..-' The Lancashire Lass ' will be repeated this evening, and till farther notice. Bubwood PtJBfiic School.— The annual concert & sad ol the prize ;faiid pl-the Barwood Public school, was given in iihe local School of Arts on Friday even ing. r Despite ±he inclement weather, the large talk wes ferowded.' After an over ture by the school band, an adaptation, from ' The Flower Queen' was per formed, ?itt which aine ladies took respectively the parts of Eose, Fuchsia, Lily, Crocus, Heliotrope, Mignonette, Forget-me-not,- Carnation, and Gera nium. /..Difr: IL Wilkinson 'sustained tne part of Seclnse! ^he 'Wsa Song of the Druids'' (rjrom.7 .' ?' Beliini'a ?:'?*' Horma '), was fairly ton-' ered by the pupils. '.The Toy --Hrl ' was very effeptiyely giren by Miss Katie Karle. . - During a short, interval, ? the Bnrwood 'Public school band performed ' Dream Faces.' A lady amateur, Miss Smbletoii, delighted the audience with 'Cuahlfl, ilachree,' and she - was enthusiastically encored; The comi6 element was mainly in titie hands of Mk H. Wifidnsonj J^.;$lr..1liV«\jSi]»^':-wlib:eavo '^te: ^dwdfir*-Mpn&T---;*-aiiid 'Half tax 'Hour in Ireland.': MUbIL. BronBdon presided at the piano;' The enter tainment was a eucoessful one inBvery respect, and great credit ie due to Mr. W. Oomish, the Aead afet'iOrchestralJJaGnee took: tookphice.at tiie Com isnihttjit iJ KttrBteeet, on Friday afternoon, between 2MbtadS o'tjlftck. The an^ir wag iuider tiiadiiec iaon of Herr : Gnstav WaBbet.': '.%:?-: large ''hum-* -» of ladies wew preset wndeeyeral ^sentJemen., ?:-f'-'1V;.-:'.:'''i*'V- *::'^'' r 'ir^. '-.-?. '..v-.'.r1-.'--:---'-'''''- ??;?-?* also attended. The following programme was rendered. Overture ''Leichte Cavaliere' (Sup pe), Valse, ' Songs of the Wood' (Farbach), selection 'Faust' (Gounod), 'British Patrol' (Asche), clarionet solo by Mr. G. Vassie, ' TJg-o Conte di Parigi' (Donizetti), the ' Compagnoni' Galop (composed by Herr Kuster) and the ' National. Anthem. ' The admission to these matinees is free, and ladies and gentlemen can sit in the spacious saloons, enjoy an ice, a cup of tea, or anything- else they fancy while listening to the music. Everyone present on Friday afternoon seemed to thoroughly enjoy and appreciate the excellent music which was performed. 