GENEBAL NEWS. Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., waited on the Attorney-General on Monday morning, and presented a petition signed by 106 residents in the neighborhood of Hawker praying for the establishment of a local court in that township. Messrs. A, Hardy, M.P., and It, W. E. Kenning, M.P., waited upon the Treasurer on Monday morning, and presented a memorial from the District Council of Kingston, asking that] destitute relief might he afforded to Mrs. Newton, a widow woman. Mr. Bray premised to obtain a report on the matter. An accident happened at the Glen Osmond quarries on Thursday last by which a horse was killed and a dray smashed. A dray loaded with stone, and belonging to Messrs. Mandc-r Brothers, was being driven down a bill at the quarry by a man named Welch, when horse and dray fell a distance of about 20 feet over the embankment. Tne horse was killed and the dray smashed. Welch was not injured. . . A telegram has been received in Adelaide stating that a movement is being initiated in Mount Gambier having for its object the forwarding of twenty tons of potatoes for the distressed people in the city. The Go vernment have been communicated with, and have arranged to frank the potatoes on the railways to Beachport, whence they will bo shipped to Adelaide at the expense of the generous donom The following probates and letters of ad ministration were granted during tho week ending May 81Probates—Lattice Main waring, £920; Thos. Pearson, £225; John Miller, £130; Robert Hall, £800; C. J. Howard, £350; Jane Coombe, £1,7S0; A. Markwick, £1,6S0. Letters of Administra tion—J. W, Flood, £1,000. A telegram has been received by the Com missioner of Police stating that Francisco Sulbord, who was remanded to Sydney from the Adelaide Police Court on a charge of being the person for whom a war rant had been issued for murder in New South Wales, had jumped overboard from the steamer Adelaide at about 5 o'clock on Sunday evening, when on her passage fro n Adelaide to Melbourne. Every exertion wa3 made to recover the body, but unsuccessfully. Several tenders were opened at the office of the Architect-in-Chief on Monday, but we are not yet able to give the results. At the Hydraulic-Engineer's office nino tenders were received for the supply of ballast. Those of Wilke & Co. for the Morphett-street station ; Dry Creek Quarry Company for the North Adelaide station, J. George for the Port Adelaide station, J, Pearse for the Burra station, and C. Bertram, jnn,, for the Farrell's Flat station, were the lowest. Six tenders were received for [the erection of a goodsshed at Hergott Springs, that of J. Taifc being the lowest. The following shows the quantity of rain fall at the undermentioned stations for the twenty-four hours ending on Monday, June 2, at 9 a.m. Burra _ 0 0101 Robe 0'210 Clarendon.. .. 0 330 Beachport.. _ 0100 Noarlunga „ 0 020 | C. Northumberland 0 045 GumerBctia .. 0 010 Penola _ .. 0160 Cape YYillonghby 0 004 | Milllcent „ 0 130 There is now no doubt that the remains of the youDg man Williams, who was supposed to have gone down in the barge Phoebe that was found sunk near the entrance to the Port River a few days ago, are not on board that vessel. The Phcehe was beached at Birken head on Saturday night, and "at 2 a.m. on Sunday the receding tide loft her high and dry, thus enabling the police to make a thorough search on board for the body. The search was entrusted to Water-Constable Gellento, who examined the forehatch with out success. The cabin had been examined on the previous day. The constable reports finding an almost oval-shaped " hole six by eight inches about eight feet from the after swim on the port side in the plank above the chime." He also reported that the lee board on the same side was missing. A hole of the dimensions named would cause the craft to fill in a very few minutes. There was a good attendance at the In dustrial Exhibition on Saturday, over 1,500 persons availing themselves of the opportunity for seeing the collection of machinery, works of art, and miscellaneous exhibits which are now compactly arranged in the building. The following award was made by the judgos Varnishes, exhibited by.J. Colton & Co.— "The committee of the" chamber had the varnish tested by several experts, whose tes timony is that the varnish is equal in quality to that of the best English manufacture, the price being about the same when allowance is made for the admitted short measure in the American varnish, which runs only about seven pints to the gallon. The committee award a certificate of merit to this exhibit," The city coroner receiyed information on Sunday, June 1, of the sudden death on the preceding night of Mr. John Kempster, of New Glenelg. The deceased gentleman had retired to bed in his usual state of health, but shortly before midnight showed distressing symptoms of severe illness, and before the arrival of Dr. Morison, who was at once sent for, he had succumbed, The doctor attributed death to heart disease, and th8 coroner considered an inquest unnecessary. The deceased was aged 74, and was an old colonist. The monthly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Home for Iaeurable3 was held at the Young Men's Christian Associa tion, Gawlcr-place, on Thursday, May 29. Present—Dr. Wylde in the chair, Mrs. Parr, Mrs. C. B. Hardy, Mrs. Horace Lamb, and Mrs. Mestayer, Rev. Thomas Field, Dr. Cbas. Gosse, Colonel Downes, Mr. Jas. Smith, Mr. C. H. Gcode, and the hon. treasurer (Mr. A. Macgeorge). The secretary reported that His Excellency the Governor had con sented to preside at the next annual meeting, A draft of the annual report was read and adopted. The balance-sheet, duly audited, was laid on the table. A warraut for £146 19s. 3d. was passed for payment. Five appli cations for admission were considered, of which four were granted. There are now seven persons awaiting vacancies. The secre tary acknowledges the receipt of £5 from the Independent Order of Oddfellows, M.U. A determined attempt to set fire to Messrs. Harvey & King's timber yard in Flinders street was discovered on Sunday evening, June 1, and fortunately frustrated before any serious damage was done. At about 6 30 p.m. some neighbors observed smoke issuing fruo a large stack of cut laths at the back of the timber yard. They immediately communicated with Mr. Moore, superin tendent of fire brigades, whose offices are situated just opposite, and the fire-reels were quickly brought out, but fortunately by the time they arrived on the scene the neces sity for the services of the brigade had been removed by the commendable activity of the neighbors who with the aid of buckets of water soon extinguished the flames. Mr. Moore at once commenced a thorough search of the premises, and found underneath and among the laths por tions of what appeared to be females underclothing saturated with berosine. The miscreants must have been at great pains in inserting the material, and in subsequently lighting it, and as the scene where the attempt was made opens directly into a public lane it is rather surprising that they were not detected at their nefarious work. Had the fire not been discovered as soon as it was the damage done must have been very great, as the flames would have extended over the wall which directly separates Messrs, Harvey & King's premises from the timber yard of Messrs. Albert King & Co. It may be mentioned that both yards are heavily stocked, so that the probable damage would have greatly exceeded that caused by the fire which recently destroyed Pulsford's timber yard, Mr. Moore will at once make an in spection of other places which he suspects have come within the scope of intended incen diary operations. The fortnightly meeting of the Glenelg Weslejan Band of Hope was held on Friday evening. Mr. O. W. Priest occupied the chair, and in his address spoke hopefully of the cause of temperance. A programme of songs, recitations, readings, and addresses were very creditably carried Gat. At the close several of the young people signed the pledge. Benbamo's circus troupe gave a special per formance on Saturday afternoon in the pre sence of a good audience. There was also a full attendance in the evening, when a new programme was presented, and although one or two of the events had been in cluded in the previous bill, several new features were introduced. The display of horsemanship was excellent, and the feats of strength and agility on the double trapeze were well performed. The entertainment terminated with a farce, in which a ghost played a prominent part, and caused a great deal of fun. The company will make a tour of the suburbs during the week, opening at Goodwood to-night, and if possiblo intend to winter in the city. The third of a series of winter concerts in connection with the Working Men's Club was held on Saturday evening, May 31, There wasa large attendance. These concerts have a special attraction to and are very much appreciated by its members, and as there seems to be no lack of talent forthcoming to carry them on they ought to prove a success during the winter evenings. The amusement committee have urgently requested those members who have any ability as regards singing, reciting, or any other speciality which would instruct or entertain, to communicate with the club or attend the rehearsals which are held every Thursday evening. The programme of S afcur day, which was as long one, was successfully gone through by Messrs. Todd, Woodwnod, O'Connor. Anderson, Heath, King, Har rington, Evans, and Menhennefc. The items that commanded special notice were Mr. F. Anderson's rendering of "Sweet spirit hear my prayer," which was loudly encored, and the vocalist responded by singing "My pretty Jane." Mr. Harrington sang "The scout," and was heard to advantage. In response to a recall he gave " In happy moments," which was enthusiasti sally received, Mr. W. Evans, who has a very pleasing style, sang "Jack came home to-day," and will no doubt make himself popular at these concerts. He after wards gave "Lardy-da." Mr. King sang " Sailing," and Mr. O'Connor's sand jig concluded a very pleasing entertainment. The Anglican Bishop (Dr. Kennion) will address a meeting of the Port Adelaide branch of the Church of England Temperance Society this evening, g I An advertisement elsewhere announces the last three nights of Chiarini's Circus in Ade laide, the season closing on Wednesday. For these iiral performances the prices of admission to all parts cf the house have been reduced. 