THE ENCHANTED FOREST. ONCE upon a tine there lived in Hungary, on tho shores of a lake, a boy and a girl. There was a great wood all round tho lake, aud they lived between the wood and thc lake. The boy's name was Fritz, and the girl's Vera. Their mother and father had died when they were young, and left them to take care of themselves. It was not very bard to get food, as there were plenty of berries and fruit growing in the wood, and fish in thc lake. They were all alone, os no one could come through tho wood, some parts of which were enchanted. Many unfortunate knights bad tried to comb, but had always disap- peared no one knew where : but it was sup- posed that they had been seized and carried off by a wicked magician who livod there in his castle. Where Fritz and Vera lived there were no goblins and ghosts, except good ones, as Fritz's father hail cast a magic spell over their part of the wood, and they were able to live in piece. The evil spirits had tried to break tho magic spell which had been thrown over the children, but never could. They revenged themselves, when they found that they could not .break tho spell, by seizing all mortals who came to their part of tho wood, though they could not always kill them. One day Fritz went out to get wood. It was a lovely day, though cold. Fritz got a good load of wood, but he thought he would not go home just yet, but taken little walk on his own account. So he put down his wood under a tree, marked the tree, and then went on. He bad gone a good way, and was thinking of turning home, when he heard a sound of sobbing. Fritz wondered what it was, and thought he would go and sec. So he grasped his axe firmly in his hand and ad- vanced cautiously. There, Bitting on thc ground, with lier face in her hands, was a young girl, weeping. She lifted her head when she heard Fritz, and he saw that she was very beautiful. " What's the matter ?" asked Fritz. " Oh ! said tho girl, " I haye lost all my goats. They were feeding on the mountains, and something frightened them away into this forest. I followed them here, and now I have lost my way." .' Con I help you !" asked Fritz. " Yes ; if yon will come with me out of this wood I should be very glad. It is a good dis- tance, but it is carly yet." Thev had walked a good way without speaking, when Fritz said. " We ave near your cottage now, aren't we?" and turned round to her. But she had disapeared. "Why, where has she gone, I wonder?" said Fritz in surprise. " I never saw her go." Then the thought flashed across his mind that she was a spirit, and had been sent to bring him into the enchanted part of the forest. " Well," said he to himself, " this is a nice state of things ! How am I to get home, I wonder ? Well, I suppose I may as well start, and try to get home as quick as I can," so he picked up his axe and started. Suddenly he heard strange, unearthly noises. He looked up, and saw hundreds and thou- sands of little white goblins dancing round him. He struck at them witli hlB axe, but they all vanished, and he heard them laugh- ing a rood distance away. Then he heard a rustling Bound close to him. He looked round aud saw a great tall spirit. " Who are you ?" Fritz asked. " I have come to help you," answered the spirit. "I am one of the good fairies that live in the wood. My family are nearly ex- tinct in this part of the world, owing to the magician having banished us for having helped poor people who got lost here ; but there are still a good many of us on the other side." Fritz was rather doubtful as to whether this was really a good spirit, as he had been mistaken once. So he asked him some charm questions which none but the good spirits could say. The spirit answered them cor- rectly, and Fritz was sure then. Fritz asked him where thc magician lived. " We are near his castle now," Said the spirit. Then he went on telling him that the raa fician iiad all the mortals that he had not illod shut up in tho castle in the form of birds and beasts of prey, He bsd taken all the gold and treasures tiley had. Fritz asked if the treasures could bc got at. " Yes," answered the spirit ; " but it would bc very hard. Nothing could be done with- out the charms." " But," said Fritz, " we could get all the charms if we got all the good spirits to help us, couldn't we!" " We liare been trying a long time," an- swered the spirit, " but we could not do it without a mortal to help us." " Well," said Fritz, " I would like to re- lease the prisoners if you will help me ?" " Very well," the spirit said ; we will come to-morrow." Thoy were near the cottage now, so Fritz said that thespiritcouldgo, thanking him forhis kindness. " Oh, no ! that's nothing,' said the spirit ; " we would gladly have helped any mortal that neeeded our protection, but we could not ; and we could not always be there." Meanwhile Vera was very frightened, and was thinking that something must hare hap- pened to Fritz, so when he came home she was very glad. Fritz told her all, where he had been, and everything, and they had tea. The next day Fritz went to the border of the enchanted forest to wait for thc spirit. There he saw an enormously-great, hideously - ugly man with a long boara and great staring eyes. His mouth was open, and he was gnashing bis great teeth with rage, Fritz's heart sank, for it was the great magician himself. "So you are here, my ?fine fellow," the magician said chuckling; "I have you atlast. Now, you have to come along, and I am going to kill you." ' . V On; .no," said Fritz, " you are. not going to get mo so quick," and he mode a cut at him with'his axe; to his surprise the axe went right through the magician without hurting him, and he suddenly turned round and grasped hold of him. The next thing .that'Fritzkuew, the magician was holding him by thc hair aud flying through the air with'him." Presently he stopped and put Fritz down, and took out an enormous knife, or scythe, for it looked more like the last named article, than a knife, and was just going to lill him,when suddenly thc spirit, -ulong .with some other spirits, came and rushed up,andrtook away thc magician's knife, and took possession of him. "Now," thc first spirit, Fritz's friend, said, "you must conic and show us where the pri- soners are kept, and their money." Thc old magician very sulkly led them to a great oak tree ; there was a hole under thc oak tree, aud the magician put down his hand and took out three cabinets. "Now," he Bald, " thc first of these cabinets has copper in it, thc second silver, and the third gold." Fritz took them and put them in his pocket, and then they went to thc castle, and thc old magician told them whore thc prisoners were. After they had turned the birds and bensts into inca and women again, thc spirit told Fritz how he had just managed to save him by coming m thc right time. Thc spirit had gone to the border of thc enchuntöd forest along with his brothers, thc other spirits, just after thc magician had taken Fritz, and they saw thc magician flying along, and so they went in hot liaste to thc charmed place where the old goblin WOB. Fortunately, the goblin had gone out, so they managed to get, thc charms cosily. Then they went as fast as they could to tho place where thc magi- cian and Fritz were, for they knew the spot, as tile magician generally killed his victims there, and just managed to get thero in time to save Fritz, AmongHit people that they saved was a young prince. He said that ne had loved a young princess, but she would not marry him unless he went and killed the magician by himself. Ho would not do it at first, but at but he went. Then some of the goblins caught him, and took him to the magician, who shut him up and would not let him ont. AU the other prisoners bad stories to tell, which would 1» too long to tell here. Fritz gare aU their money to thorn, and kept the rest himself. He cut down nil the .forest, and fixed up the castle so that he could live in it; and all the prisoners who had lost their homes came there to live. The spirits and goblins all wcut away when the forest was cut down. At last thc prince found that tho princess was dead, so lie carno and married Vera, and they all lived happy after. 