BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY At the last large meeting held in Feb ruary, by the Victoria (Philosophical) In stitute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Eev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the per sons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said : — Take, as a prominent in stance, the birth stories, I need, not here give details, wfeioh tyre to. be found in any modem work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the P-evas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw them selves at Lis feet; the temptation by Mara— which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, u.nder such phrases as ' Conceived % the Holy Ghost,' ' Born of the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the heavenly host,' 'Presentation in the Temple 'aijd temptation in the wilderneeg' — none of these is found in the early P£li texts. _ The simple story of anoien& Budd nism is tnat an ascetic, whose, family name was Gautama, preached a, new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliver ance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the P4Ii texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha rtands alone ia his striving sfter the true emancipa tion from sorrow and ignorance. The ac counts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the laine. danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recog nise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us, in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early cen turies of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been muchoverlooked ; but itisabundant ly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a mani test paroay ot the history of Christ T;he- Bhagavat- 3ita, a theosophical poem, put into the mouth of Krishna, is spine&ung; unique, among the production^ of the East, containing many gems of wbkt we should call Christian truths, wrested frojH their proper setting, to adorn, this, creation of the Brahman poet anii indicating as plainly their origin as do the. stories of his life in the itaha-Bharata ; so. that it has not un reasonably been concl(id.e4 that the story of Krishna was inserted, in the Maha-Bharata to furnish, a dAYMie- sanction to the BhagavaU Gita. If^ then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, some where between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation, of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in tne later ijuddhisj. stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to in vestigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible, — a discussion, ensued in which Mr. Honnuzd Bassam, Pro fessor Lcitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, au earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Khys Davids, and others took part j all agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr, Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction, of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. The London Municipal Reform Bill which is now before Parliament provides for the extension of the jurisdiction of the Corpor ation of the City of London, so as to embrace the entire area of the metropolis under one authority. It is proposed to retain the office of the Lord Mayor, but the position of alderman will be abolished. Lord Kosebery, during hi6 visit to Aus tralia,, drew up articles for one of the biggest matches which has ever been made in this or any olher country. The horses engaged are Buckingham and Iolanthe, both two year-olds, the latter being in receipt of two pounds, and they run for 1,000 so vs. a side, halt forfeit, the distance being 6ix furlongs. The match will take place at the Sydney Autumn Meeting, to be held during the present month, 