CUSTODY "REDEMPTION." I THINK it will be generally admitted that never before in the annals of music in Bris ? lane have we found recorded so important an event as that of the rehearsal of a work new to fame, but which has caused so bond fide a sensation in the Old World as the sacred trilogy of M. Gounod. That the composer of "Faust" should have turned his attention to the more serious and weighty composition of this trilogy is perhaps in accordance with the instincts and practice of most of the great composers before his time. Bach, Handel, and Haydn have each written music for the "Passion;" Mozart his *' Requiem;" Rossini, " a Stabat Mater"; Che rubini, Verdi, Brahms, and Dvorak a "Re- quiem ;" Wagner his " Parsifal ;" and now Gounod the "Redemption," the work of his life, as he himself calls it. No apology is needed for drawing public attention in Brisbane to its forthcoming performance by the Musical Union, or for endeavouring to point out its salient features, in order that it should receive an intelligent and cordial reception at the hands of the audience expected to witness its rendition. The book of words which will be supplied will more fully illustrate the leading themes to be found in the work, and give perhaps a more learned and exhaustive criticism of the many details of the composi- tion.' My object is to render in simple and familiar language an explanation of its general outline, as it has impressed itself upon my mind, leaving the extended notices of words and made to be gathered from the annotated programme itself. I To quote the composer's own words as best setting forth his intentions, the work under notice is a lyrical setting forth of the three great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian Church." 1. The passion and death of the Saviour. 2. His life on earth, from Ilia resurrection to His ascension. 3. The spread of Christianity in the world through the Apostles' mission, preceded by a prologue on the Creation. The fall of our first parents and the promise of a Redeemer." Such is the scheme of the work. The words, as well as the music, are by Gounod. The English translation is by the Rev. J. Troutbeck and it was first performed at the Birmingham Festival of 1882. It is a work that is largely dependent for its proper rendition upon a full band of instruments, the simplicity of many of the choral numbers being richly elaborated by attractive instrumental accompaniment. It will be objected to by many I have no doubt that the Saviour should be introduced as one of the dramatic personal ; but this may be met by referring to the profound reverence by which Gounod approaches his subject, his own deeply religious nature, and the beautiful theme he has chosen for his rail-motor. Also it must be remembered that the translation has been effected by a clergyman of the Church of England, who has not thought it unworthy or improper to give his name and sanction to such an innovation. Again it may be urged Gounod is an artist painting a tone picture. He is spend- ing two months of the winter of 1887-8 with his friend Hebert in Rome amid acres of paintings by the old masters, nearly all of which present to his mind and imagination the varied life, sufferings, death, resurrection, and ascension of the Redeemer. He finds no objection taken to the painters' art or the painters' mode of dealing with so sacred a subject. He, on the contrary, sees men of all creeds fervently and rapturously expressing their gratification at beholding these works of art, and he has said to himself If there is nothing wrong in the painter depicting the incidents touching the personality of the Saviour, and presenting DZira to the gaze of successive generations, why should the art of music be dumb ? Shall she not put forth all her powers and capabilities in emulating painting and sculpture ? If one is right the other must be. Again, the idea is not new; Beethoven, in his "Mount of Olives," and Spehr, in his " Calvary," attempted the same thing ; though at the time those works were introduced into England a modification to suit the then religious opinions of our nation was decided upon. However this may be, the successful manner in which Gounod has treated this portion of the work, and the beauty and devotional feeling displayed in its creation, has, to my mind, removed the objection which would under other circumstances, perhaps, be raised to its employment. This being disposed of, we look at the score, and find that the composer has, like Haydn in his " Creation," an orchestral introduction representing chaos, beginning upon the note C and passing through two pages of weird chromatic harmonica, producing a feeling of unrest, restlessness, and disorder, until the mind gradually is allowed to compose itself again upon the initial note. The narrator (tenor) then, in the beautiful key of K major, invited in monotone on the dominant B the words "Oh, Lord, when Thou did'st rest from the work of Creation, Thou did'st call very good the things which Thou hast made ;" and he is accompanied by beautiful harmonic combina- tions on the part of the orchestra, which produces a ravishing feeling of gratification and contentment in the mind of the listener. It is not possible for me to describe the many beauties of this work in detail. I can only make a roving commentary as I pass on from number to number. The narrator (bass) in the same key proceeds, " But since he in revolt blindly refused to hearken to Thy Divine command ;" and the music changes into most descriptive and realistic tone-painting built upon descending consecutive fifth, which surrounded as they are by varying chromatic chords and progres- sions serve the purpose of elucidating the narration of the allusion to the shadow of death and sin. This shortly changes to the introduction by degrees of the Redemption theme," which appears in the accompaniment, and will be recognised in appropriate places throughout the work. It is also here given to the orchestra alone, fourteen bars of lovely instrumentation, simple yet ecstatic and effective, leading to the first choral (still in the key of E major), " The earth is My possession," followed again by fourteen bars of the Federation theme by the band. This brings us to part of the work. The narrator (bass) recites "Then in Jesus condemned," in which occur swift cutting passages of instrumental accompaniment descriptive of the mocking and scourging of the Man of Sorrows. Jesus here in pathetic monotone, dropping a semitone at each sentence, says " If M> j deeds have been evil bears witness against Me If, indeed, I am guiltless", then wherefore smite ye Me," and this so soft) and plaintively as to gather up in its beauty of tone and expression a simple loving s) apathy in the mind of the hearer, showing that where genius is brought to bear upon a subject it shines forth in creative power unchallengeable and unfor bidding The na rator (base) then proceeds, When the hour was at hand the Lord with resignation went forth up to the court as a sinner to die" Then comes the "March to Calvary"foroichestiasoli and chorus, composed by Gounod when at Rome, and which was his first idea concerning the composition of the trilogy twelve years before he actually finished the whole work as already related It is highly dramatic in form, and seems to convey the scene so often pourtrayed by the painter as vividly to our minds as does the sister art to the eye. The march Moderate Maestoso," for orchestra, is followed by a charm for sopranos, alone of simple construction but elaborately accompanied, the march then appears again The narrator now resumes the story, "And while Jesus went up the mount and bore His cross , there followed after women who wept and bewailed Him." Seeing this the Lord m tender accents directs them to " weep nigh "HecP is for yourselves and for your children " The cUn tis soprano now sings again the same strain, "Forth the Royal Munera go," ft, and this closes Part I. The narrator (tenor) opens Part II witUa. *c««Xil of the " Crucifixion' in accompanying Weir are some rapid passages for the strings, leading on to most realistic and descriptive music of a thrilling and emotional character, depicting with singular power the sufferings of the Saviour, but which is relieved from any feeling of horror or unnecessary Wgiuah by the nation in B major on a simple subject, fittLiRly accompanied by the orchestra, which Ratten introduces companion the sweet rc attraction there. Fourteen, bars of chromatic passages, allegro, lead up to the soprano chorus, heralded by semiquavers in C, "Ha1 Thou that dost declare their destroyed the Temple ' Then, amidst the din of voices and as the case of the people subside, is heard the voice, "Pardon their sin, My Father, for they know not what they, the orchestra again intensifying the pleading by the earning utterances the ever welcome motif of the Redeemer The next number is entitled The Reproaches. for quartet reached us andante inD minot ands followed by the number " Mary at the foot of the Cross" in which will be noticed progress scores of major thirds and chromatic passages, which the composer has adopted to depict the Bituttinit, melting to tenderness when the words on her bent He as eye showing filial love " A distinguished water in speaking of this part of the work, says " M Gounod, with that ugly propriety which is part of the power of genius, breathes this sacred fervour which does not pass, into music of masterly sim party, in which sweet melodic inflections and late harmonic touches suggest either the an express a high and inetfablebcautv-eschewing effect more demolish ative, and at the same time more suggestive of finality It is as if he had said "I cannot express the inexpressible This sacred emotion I can only record briefly, humbly, devoutly), by a few symbols taken from my art, the simplest and lushest I can command " The absence of the song form in this oratorio is conspicuous, and the monotone recitative is at first felt by out singers as not of sufficient importance to engage their serious attention But I earnestly entreat them not to let such a feeling get possession of their minds As they dive into the depths of this new and beautiful creation, that which appeals strange at first will resolve into beauty), and repay them for what they may think is a little self immolation The quartet and chorus " Beside the cross remaining" is now opened by the tenor voice solo, followed by the alto, and taken up by all the voices at the words "Though He claim adotation " Mary then sings "While my watch I am keeping, a beautiful melody) in Cr 3 2 time, adopted afterwards by the voices in choral In No 4 the narrator (bass) relates the story of the two thieves and this is followed by the choral " Lord Jesus Thou to all billigest light," and No 5, " The death " The darkness is then graphically and awfully depicted by involved harmonics, consistencies Pl> by the clarionets and v sold, and taken up by the strings in ascending and descending passages, the ci seconds and diminuendo effects requiring careful manipulation The last words, "My Father into Thy hands I commend My spirit," are uttered , "and then the air was filled with a murmur unwonted, and the veil of the temple was lent in twain The "Liirthquakc " is too late in its ushing Hood of sound until the choral is reached For us the Christ, ' which tells us of the religious fervour which followed "Man unto heaven attracts, O Christ, Thee we adore," and this ends the first part of the work, traces of the lovely redemption theme threading its way amongst the intricacies of the accompaniment and leaving its sweet Sense of repose and beauty upon the enhanced car Part II cont was the continuation of the narrative from the resin rection to the ascension, and the opening pair, after twenty one bars of orchestral prelude, is set for the "prophetic thou " to the words, "labour of men, we know that because Tuon are living Thou to the dead resurrection are giving This passes through music of a peaceful and tuneful character to a pastorate in 12 & time, which will be heralded with delight. The words which follow show why it is thus treated "Day was dawning as on the lonely way they were going is sung by the tenor nan rose, and followed up by first and second soprano and contralto soil, " How shall we by ourselves, while the oí diestra play a soft accompaniment, cm ploying the pastorate theme The scene depicted now is that of the holy women at the sepulchre The) are met by the angel, who interposes, "Why seek ye the Living among the Dead' the voice moving gradually in a striking passage from A Hit, using by a semi tone as it proceeds and containing in the accompaniment beautiful chords exasperate, for harps At the words "He is risen again," the melody and bass move by the interval of a third to express ' triumph over the grave and over subjection to death No for this line is devoted to the appearance of the Lord to the holy) women, ISo to the Sanhedrin and the recital by tenor and bass, "Christ is risen again The priests and elders are greatly amazed, and the general con- starvation is powerfully realised In No. 3 we have the holy women before the Apostles, a tito by first and second soprano and contralto "the Lord He is risen again" This is one of the ferns of the wool be, its tuneful and stirring theme falling gracefully upon the ear When the now celebrated solo for soprano, From Thy love as a rather, with concluding chorus, ends this interesting number 'The scene alters here in No C to the meeting of the apostles, where our Lord appears to them, after which the grand chorus, 'Unfold, ye portals everlasting, Songs Part II to a brilliant termination This is one of the boldest and most massive choruses in the work, in the midst of the crash of instrumentation and the vocal efforts of the full choir the sales till voice is heard "But who is He the King of Glory" to which the chorus reply, He whom Death overcame , unfold, unfold, for lo ! the King comes with! the panel redemption theme, fourteen bars, of, forming a fitting and triumphant close We are now approaching the conclusion of the work, the third part, The Pentecost," being the last movement of the trilogy It to audiences with a soprano solo and chorus in B major, a favourite key of the composer throughout, " Lovely appeal over the mountains the feet of them that preach and bring good news of pea c" The Apostles m Prayer" is a car of tilly constructed instrumental movement of thirty sit bars, leading to the narration of the mightier sound, as of a tempest ' On a sudden "appealed the tongues that were like as of fire." At once the spirit came upon them, and the soprano voice (from Heaven) sings, "Go ye forth upon your way, the Lord Himself will guide you " This is followed by the hymn of the apostles, "The Word is flesh become,' consisting of an extended and amplified charm, forming a grand finale to the whole work of a decided ecclesiastical type massive in structure, and original in design - the Be includes, " O come to me J ed that are sad," we) are blessed the poor in spirit, ' they that mourn," " They that hunger and thirst after i righteousness ," these are beautifully treated as part of this great by inn, increasing its interest, and rendering the effect more in tense in contrast, then the initial theme of the chorus is taken up again on the sentence, The Word is flesh become, " He, like the Holy Ghost, is one, with God the Father in ever lasting Trinity." These words form the subject of a finale embracing the full strength of orchestra and chorus, bringing this grand com- position to a fitting conclusion I fear I have overstepped the limits I prescribed for myself when I set out, but my enthusiasm for the work will perhaps be for given after the composition has actually) been heard It is deserving of attention and study), and if by these lines I have, in a humble way, contributed a little to its elucidation, my end will have been accomplished W. HORATIO WILSON. THE deaths reported in the police district of Blackall during the month of June are as follow Peter, a native mounted trooper, at Mackinlay Downs, on 6th May, of disease of lungs ; Charles Absolom, dam maker, aged 40, on Tambo run, of apoplexy, on 22nd June. THE medical report of the Brisbane Hos- pital for the week ending 12th July is as follows In-patients remaining at last report, 153 ; received during the week, 25 ; discharged cured, 19 improved, 5 in statu quo, 1 ; died, 2; remaining, 59. Out-patients, hospital, 15 in attendance, town, 53. Surgeon for the week, Dr. Marks. The deaths for the same period were as follow Tom Lavery, South Sea Island labourer, about 30, Breakfast Creek entered 7th July, died 12th July, phthisis ; Henry Scott Armistead, "44, labourer, Mar- garet-street entered 20th March, died 11th July, pneumonia. The donations received were from Hon. J. guran, parcels of papers Mr Klingner,waekingnsachine; Anonymous, parcel of papers. Receipt from paypatientsamsiuited to £8 17s. M. 