THE LUNACY COMMISSION. TO TJ1K EDITOR OP TJIE AGS. Sir, — As my name figures prominently in your leader of to-day on tlio management of the Kew Lnuuttc Asylum I U9k for epace to answer somo of your remarks. In reference to the ovidenco . given before tbo commission by an ex-patient I consider that tho persons whom he made charges against should have been afforded an opportunity of replying to tbero before they appeared in tbo pross, both sides of the question would then have appeared before tho public at tbo same time. I am charged with being a political agitator, ami with having mado certain statements m reference to the politics! power of the war ders as a whole, and of my own in par ticular with tho representative of Loroondara, In answer, I havo to state that for some time pre vious to tho coinmissiou sending in their report, I had not spokeu to tbe ex-patient in question, and I am suro I did not speak to him afterwards, therefore could not have made any such state ment to him; but perhaps he is going by hearsay, and we all know what such evidence is worth. As yon are anxious to know what my relations to Mr. W. F, Walker are, I will take you into my confidence, and tell you that as an elector of Boroonditra I am an ardout supporter ot his. I have voted for hiin on each occabion that ho has etiod fortho constituency, and no doubt will do so again when tho opportunity presents itself. I have also in tho past supported the late Mr. (r. P. Smith and Mr. R. M. Smith for tbo 8MUQ constituency, so yon see that for some years I havo been consistent in my political opinions, and, as a native of the colony, I claim tho right to exercise the franchise without fear or favor, whother I am in a Govern ment department or not. I may say that I havo never interfered in any way at political meetings, and I can assure you, Sir, that your excellent authority and yourself do me too much honor when you infer that I am ablo to indncn fiity men or more to vote for tbo same candidate that I do, and I may further inform you that never at any time have 1 had occasion to ask any mcuri cr of Parliament to intercede with tho Cbiof Secre tary to got me out of any (rouble, and I trust I will novcr find it neces&ary; to do so. I am leav ing tbo department at my own request, and I leavo behind me a record of whmh I feel proud. True, l have offended the officers by continually complaining of the bad quality of the provisions supplied to the institution, both for warders and patients. While in charge of the warders' mess i had issued to roe over 250 lb. of the abomin- ablo stuff called coffee, referred to yesterday by Warder Dennis and Mr. Blackett. Tho warders coulJ not use it, but some of it was issued daily from the kitchen to a number or patients as a sort of extra medical diet. When I complained of its quality to an officer, he naively remarked, "Perhaps it's rure coffee: that is a taste you have to acquire, you know." I have seen skim milk, supplied from tho asylum farm, turn sour, and go to curds in the patients' tea, but it was fished out in great ropes, and that tea given to the patients. Ah. Mr. Editor, I could, like tho ghost of Hamlet's father, a talo unfold.— Yonra. T. FOLEY. Melbourne, 21th October. 