AOTA POPTJLL BY THE FlANBTJB. ; Homunculi quanti sunt ! cum recogito. ? Ti-AUTna. What poor creatures men are, when we come to reflect upon it. And how dependent we all are on each other. For example. Last week, I was indebted for my bread and butter fco the merry hearted Mr. Abigail. Thio week I am oompelled to draw on Pontiuo Pilate. ISTot that thoro ia any connection betweon these two worthioa at all, bub the old Jewioh governor auito my book to-day, just as the Sydnoy senator did before, and I mention this in order to show that it ic boot to be on friendly terma with all mankind, as one never knotfs to whom ho may, ooonoi' or lafcor, bo com. polled to look for assistance. And now wo'llgive Francis a rest, and oatch on fco Pilate, ; When Pontius fired off laio priso conundrum, ' What is Truth ?' ho only tackled one half the trouble. Tho query now \io, what in thunder i3 the use o£ truth atoll? Ifc dooon'fc pay fco toll the truth now, as the following fcnlo \7ill show. A few days ago a ooft-headed ' bushy ' walked into a cheap clothing store, and after making a pur ohaoo he seemed to bo suddenly captivated by the bland, good-natured, innoconfc-looking faoe of fcho Shylock who oorvod him, end 00 he grew confidential, and Daid ho would liko some advice ' All rido, my son/' oaid Shybck ; ' go ahoadt.' ' If you wore in nay placo and vented to go into business here, would you lond your money and livo on tho interest, or would you go into the second-hand clothing business.' ' My front,' ropliod tho other with, a very serious look on his face, ' lot mo tolo you ohuofc like a fadder. Doan't go into dor second-hand peezneoo yourseu', dud iena me your money ana become a silent partner.' (C Are the profits large ?' : ' Large ! How much you tinko I made on dot v/est I oold you for.one pound ? I make shuot twelve shillings.' ' JN'ot by a blamod sight, for I haven't paid for it and won't take it !' exolaimod thoofcranger as ho droppjd the bundle and walkod out. ' Vhell, Vhell !' oighod Shylock aa he looked after him, ' efery fcimoD I tell the trath I lose monoy, und efery time I lio I lose a customer. Von is ohudot aa bad as both of them.' Just at the present date3 I am afraid the truth of my reasoning is making itaelf painfully ap parent to our friend Dr. Barry, tho new Church of England Primate. Dr. Barry Iido fallen on troublesome timeo, and if ho falls much more he H mighty apt to hurt himself. Before ho waa ton minutoa on Auotralian soil ho mot with a worthy couple who had never boon married by a Bishop bofore, and who earnestly wished to osporionoo what tho sensation of being so honoured was like. Accordingly, the good-natured Doctor hitched the loving pair together, and put thorn out of (or into) their miaory. But as he didn't happen to be duly liconsed, he clearly committed a broach of some thing, and I prooume; fcho unfortunate young lovers had to bo oporatod on again. Thio, however, wao but a vonirl fault fco what Dr. Barry committod when called upon to make hio iirat oration. Tho subjoofc of the diacourBO wao tho ticklish question of Education, and warming up to tho buoiuoflSj'fcho Primate ob served : — ?' Doaliug with tho broad, gonoval principles of Ihe quojtiou, I may cay boldly and unhesitatingly that I am firmly convinced thiifc nnywhoro and everywhere we, as churchmen, as Christian moD, and as citizens of this young and growing country, Should labour do- that substantially the system of the: education of our pooplo should have embodied ,in ifc fcho devotional and religious olomenfca. In ifche one great city in England, which is tho great, homo of tho oeoular oyofcom, they wore absolutely compelled, not long ago, to restore tho Bible to .tho ochoolo. Ad I boliovo fchafc in tho common pohoolo in England, tho right fooling of fche Eng lish pooplo io expressed in this raopocfc, and as I foeliovo that Snglioh people afc tho anfcipodoo aro fche same ao in fcho old country, 1 can but believe that itvjCj only get rid of the miaerablo party and oectarian jealousy — tho feeling of these comrnuni ,^fls pillj as in tho old country, opeak out very decisively on fchio great question.' That'o exnofcly what's tho matter to-day. Some '61 Dr. Barry'a flook aro opsaking out very dc ' tiidedly indeed, and whafc they Bay io preciaoly the very opposite to /what their paotor preaches. What makea tho trouble all tho more por ?plosing io fche raefc that another portion 6£ the- Biohop'o fold hold the aame opiniono ao himself, and tho balanoe are o£ the half and half, or rather shandygaff, ctyle '; of thinking, and lean a little to and from both the ' others. If a houso that io dividod in itself io ouroto fall, lam afraid Sfe. Andrew's in in danger of top pling over and flattening out i;ho Tor/n Hall for there is as much confuaion in it nov/ as thoro was in carrying out the contract for tho TWor of Bnbol Apropos of thio, T notico tho Eev. Mr. Jcfforio owns up to having soon tho folly o£ hio ways, and Is juafc nov? ao madly in favour of having religion taught in our schools as hoformorly was of having ib exoluded altogether. Thic ig good for Mr. Jefferie, but having sown tho whirlwind ho must now reap the typoon that follows. It ia not ?enough that Catholics, should bo compelled to . support ochoolo which they cannot consistently ,..iise, but they muofc alao pay to havo Mr. Jefxorio' ni special stylo of religion taught therein also. . .That's, ooming ifc rnfchor too strong— rubbing ifc in ...top, warmly^ go to apeak, and I greatly fear that r. J£r.; Jefforio will havo to pay for his littlo lu-.urieo .-. just the came as r/G havo. Tho plain truth is ..thafc the.non-oecfcarien cry wao raised to further v the, personal benefits of an arch political fraud, ,vrwhq, cared nothing whatovor for the prinoiplo at , ..stake,, bufc simply used ifc as a ofcalking-horoe, _ from tho sholfcor of V7hich he could firo hio ,.,in0ulfco and injuutiee on bhe Oatholio party, and thereby otrongthon hio position wifch the people who thought with Mr. Jefiorio. And ifc is .positively safo to oay. that a great many who sided with tho olionorv t)olitioian alluded to. did .- 80, not that fchoy lovod tho non-oeefcarian systom ,.., snore, but becauoo they loyod their Catholic /, brethren lose. It now turns out that thoso , persons have boon piokling a rod fco welt their \- oyrn-baoko wifch, and, nooing fcho error of their -. ..ways, they are now trying to ohuille out of the -?. : punishment duo to fchoh' own folly. Sit down, v M.V.. Jefferio, nnd take your gruel kindly. ,. .*Bpw tho second, whioh some of Dr. Barry's lambs aro endeavouring to fchruBfc him into, arioea ''over the all-imporfeanfc queabion as to whether -his Lordship's new rorodoo is to bo decorated according to the moat' culohawod O3thetio taafce, ? or to simply receive a coat of striped painfc, or -whitewash. All the High Churchmen aro ' inad to have it beautified in tho moafc bang-up and artistic mannor possible, and all the Low Ohurchmon vote for whitowaah. ? All the middle section don'b seem to care a ' tinker's blessing -whether the Primate has a f, reredos or not, and n great many more aro not .. thoroughly oaro that a rerodoo isn't some new fangled kind of patent medioino, and as a matter ! of course, do not caro to risk their valuable .opinions until they havo tried a quart bottle. Tho special advantage connected with this section Of Bishop Barry's troublo lies in the fact that he j .can'fc go wrong, because no matter how he .,,decideB, he is bound to offend come one. The t\ proposed roredos is, so to speak, an Art Union in (.?which everyone is sure to draw a prize, and 0 therefore, the new prolate holds a very good thing n ..indeed by being concerned in its complicated ,. .interests. Personally, I am strongly in favour of 'tajreredo8 myself, because I don'fc know any more ,,.,abput a roredoo than tho bald- hocdod ghost of „ Julius Otesar does, and whatcvor I don't know io „ .generally well worth having. 7?or eaaraplo,! didn't \- tnow, that Old Gold waa going fco run p/brilliniit v ijaot for tho Birthday Cup, on Saturday, but I did .know ho wo going to win, and ho didn't. And ,,,inay tho jackasses aing over tho gravo cf i;bG grandmothor of the man who told rac that thero was nothing else in tho race b,ut the big chootnufc. . Miok Simmons, of tin-tag ronown,haa a piotuvo in hio Hayinavket window which roproaenta two 'irishlabourors who avo mopping young Hiagaraa of ' 'perspiration off thoir brov/o, aud one of thojokorc 'is made to obaervo : 'Amih bo dad, Dinnio, but hard.wurk ian'b niay. Now ifc'o moooli' that id loik fc' ,, 'be. a bishop. Y' see there's no trubblo about a jjibjehopfp -/Wurkj r.and its soice? an' plune, aa dacint/' The man who started that joke didn't know very much about his subject. Thero is trouble oonnooted wifch the duty of a bishop, and this loads mo up to row tho third in which Dr. Barry is now landed. In an unlucky moment thin unfortunato prelate presided at one of Brother Buncombo Booth's recent cold-water shivoos, and whilst there declared, ex cathedra, that ho v/aa a moderate drinker. As tho 'orny 'andod British workman would say, Bishop Barry '?likes his drop of good bosr, ho does,' and pays particular attention to what Paul advised Timothy to do for his stomach's sake. This hao go disgusted tho bigots of his Church that they have actually held an indignation meeting in tho Tomporance Hall, and not only passed a vote of censure on tho worthy Doctor, but, in tho moat impertinent manner possible, drawn his attention to the fact that moderato drinking leads to drunkennosa ; fand then these maudlin maniaca actually go one better, and plainly hint that the best thing thia poor, persocuted prelato can do iu to ' swear off' the pot altogether, and don his little bib of blue ribbon. While these sapient G&pheads; had thoir hand in thoy might as well have pointed out that moderate eating leads to gluttony ; that moderafco dressing leads to fop pishness and prido ; and therefore., tho right thing for aim to do., if he wishes to load a saintly lifo, is to nob oat or drink at all, and to run about naked like a simple-minded savago. Now that I roaliza all this, I am exceedingly thankful that I was nob brought up to be a biohop, ;t3 was at firab intended, and it will go hard with anyono wlio trios to make mo one in future. Dr. Barry is a deservedly i ospocted IDnglioh gentleman, and a highly gifted and loarnod scholar, and it rnuafa be a matter of paos ing annoyanco to him to find he has had fco travel 18,000 miles fco be taught hio propor codo of morals by a lob of fanatical Australian mopokos like fchoao who recently denounced him afc their intemperate temperance meeting. Philanthropy is another game which I regret to say cIood not pay to follow up too ardently in fchio mattor-of-fact and oinful age. About threo yoars ago d sclocfc little band of noble-minded enthusiasts clubbed together and started tho Sydney Coffee Palace Co., tho objoct being to ' supply a long-fclb want,' and fco provide a suifc ablo place whero fche a worrikun mahn' could onjoy a square meal without boing espooed fco fcho droad allurements of ' Toohey,' or fche seductive attractions of Mr. James Hennessy. 3n o earthly gain v/aa over dreamt of by the large-hearted, noble-minded souls who started thia rosy little projoefc. All they sought was fche salvation of ' fcheir follow-mon, a good report id'om the record ing angel, and if a dividend ever was declared, a fair share of the filthy lucre left to be whackad amongat them. Nothing could have beon started under more favourable auopices. A really firat-aUas manager was selected to boss fcho eoncorn, and right well did he do his work. The venorablo old tea- drinking dame in Hunfcer-atreefc predicted fcho usual ' long and prosperous career,' and devoted roams of ' copy'' fco fche praise of iced milk, and bhe exhilarating effects of fcho sparkling zoedono ; and thon, to crown the joy, a whole legion of protby little fairies of fche female persuasion, all rigged out in Quakeress garments, flitted round and gave fche fortunate afcoak-and- oniona surroundor an idea fchafc ho was going up fco fcho seventh story of Mahomet's heaven befcwoon two rows of hot pan cakes, while all fcho groon-eyed houris poured molted butter and treacle down his back. Sfcrango to say, however, the 'orny-'anded sons of toil wont to the Coffee Palace for their daily foed about as often as a tom-cat voluntarily goes to sea. A story ia told of one shirt-sleeved despe rado who slouched in with about 17 different strata of whifcowash and mud on hio mole skin trouoera, and slinging hia hat under fcho table, roared — ' Hey, you gal ! fotch me a plato o' hash, an' look darned slippery about ifc too.' Of course fcho young lady bo addressed simply rolled over on fcho floor and had 38 differ ent kinds oi' fits insido of 10 seconds, and then tho potbiooated clcapfcing' of fcho squad advanced and said, {COii', whon you enter tho portals of fchio gaafcronomieal acadomy, kindly make your wants known in more culchawcd fcorma. We are not aware of anything fchafc is known by fcho name of chach,' bufc in' all probability you allude fco what wo tciini a hofcerogencoua culinary symposium.' Then tho crumplod-up aon of toil made v, divo cor L.ia hat, and rushing oufc of tho place declared ho ' never mot a young woman before fchafc could c-woar liko fchiifc ono insido thoro,' whilst tho youn^ woman herself consoled her nfctondaufc Hoboo by remarking fchafc thoy could oxpccfc nothing moro from a brubo liko that, because it was ' simply impossible to i'abriouto a. pocuaiary recoptablo from fche auricular organ of tho softer box of the genus porcine//,... ,..-, ,,,.: ; ,:;.,,.T In courae of time it came to pass that the Coffee Palacos were completely handed over to fcho aolo custom of nico young men of fche masher typo and corious-looking old ones on whose face wao to bo over found a certain painful serenity whioh soemed to be n inh-fcuro oi holy resignation and a bad attack oi tho stomach-ache j and ifc was noticed fchafc fcho profita of fchG conoem i:an in an invorao ratio fco fcho amount of patronage be ofcowod by these oomi-olerioal old dodgors. In ofchor words, fcho Co, loat 3d. on every meal, £oi? the votoran patrono Deemed fco bo capable of digesting everything on oarfch oxcopfc fcuxcolleo fcoro' bills and brokon bottles, Things v/enfc on in this style until fche dividonda began fco gro\7 small by degrees and beautifully leoo, and re trenchment became the order of the day. JuoS about this fcimo the following significant tale was fcold of a fair attendant who, as oho slopped tho gravy a]l ovor old Mr. Mulkitfclo'o pants, ob served — ' Horful case, waan'fc ifc, Sir. They do acy as how she refused nourishment fco fcho very last, and starved horaolf t' death. ' Ah, ' replied Mulkittle — ' whafc coffee palace was that in P' 'Whafc korfee pulia!' onappod fcho lady; ' v;ho acid anything about a korfee palio ? Bhe died in gaol, Sir.' ' Oh yea,' returned fche old man, ' you'ro right, of courae. Whon you spoke about her refusing nouriahmonb, I oughfc fco have known fchafc they wouldn't have offered hor auch a thing afc a coffoo palaco. How sbupid I'm gofcting fco bo sure.'. And go ifc camo fco paoa fchafc fche pious philan thropists got full up of saving souls afc a Iobs fco themselves of 10 por cenfc., and fchon fcho crash camo, and then fche whole wenfc bung. Whafc wo ar.a all curious to know now, however' is this. How many of fcho original noblo-minded Poabody'o who started this glorious movement held shares in ib after tho first losing dividend wa3 predicted ? We all know how rats desert a sinking ship, and what we hanker after to-dayj therefore, is a liafc of fche rats who Qaved fchem= selves when fcho stately vessel of fche Coffee Palace foundered. u Scenes in the Senate/' Wo 2, by ' The Flaneur,' v;ill appear in next week'B issue. 