MELBOURNE NEWS. l-lloji oull own g'orresl'ondent. Saturday ovomng. It lias boon announced that i arliamont will do- called upon to re-assomblo on tho 10th of Juno. ; Tho - date, however, lias not boon absolutely i fixed by ..tlio Cabinot, and circumstancos will de-j tormiuo wliotlior tho day of return to tho ox- liausting labour of a legislator s lifo will bo tho 10th or 17th. ' A movomont is on foot to make a presentation to tho Hon. L. L. Smith, in recognition of tlio; zoal and onorgy which ho has infused into tlio undertaking and successful carrying out of tlio Intercolonial Exhibition of AVinos and produc tions. . On her last voyago from Hobart tho steamer Maugaua, travelling at tho timo at a rato of 12 knots an hour, struok a roof or some obstruction near tho Eddystono Reof. Tho ship touched forward, thou a shock was felt amidship, and then tho stern end of tlio keel grotod hoavily; but though alio bad ovidoutly ran upon a rook sho sprang no loalc. On her entry horo alio was docked, but appoars to bo but little injured. An inquiry will, of course, be hold. To- night tho doors of tho old Clnrenco Hotol, at the cornor of Elizabeth and Collins streots, close for tho last timo, and tho building next wook, liko tho old Corner, so long tenanted by Gorman Nicholson, will fall before tho improver. Farmors from tho country districts will regret tho loss of what was, iu John Grant's timo, thoir most popular houso. Au inquest was held at tho hospital to-day on tho body of Thomas Foil, agod 25 yoars, a car penter, who rosidod with his mother in George stroot, Fitzroy, and foil off au iron girder, a dis- tanco of 12 foot, whilst placing joists at a building iu courso of erection in Elgin-stroot, Carlton, yesterday morning. Ho died shortly afterwards from tho injuries lio had sustaiuod. Tlio doceasod was perfoctly sobor, and had ovidoutly slippod on tho iron girder whilst lifting a joist. A ver dict of aooidontal doath was returned. A raco mooting of tho V.A.T.C, was hold at Gaulfield to-day. Tho weathor was showory, and tlio attendance small. Tho Selling Raco fell to Tulta Quoon -Bess and Lalla Roolcli obtaining second and third places. Yatoly, Bronda, and Dawdler camo in tho ordor named for tho Hurdlo Raco ; whilo Morryj ig, Meander, and Lcsbia were tho luckjr ones inthoGlon Huntly Handicap. Tho Stooplocbaso was won by Blackthorn, easily boating Chrysalis, and Lizctto coming third. Menndor, Tlio Ghost, and Castaway woro so placod for tho Armadale Handicap, which event concluded tho programmo. Commorcial. — Sales of 1500 bags of whoat at is lid f.o.b. Flour. — Trado lots moving off at L8 0s. Oats.— Sales of 1000 bags of Victorian and Now Zoalaiul at 2s !Jd to 3s Id for tho for mer, and 2s 8d iu bond for tlio latter. Peas.— Sales at 3s 3d to 3s 4d. Barloy. — Sales of malt ing at 4s 8d,'- Capo at 3s., The following arc tho- arrivals of grain aud other produco at tlio Spoil- . cor-stroct station torday.— Wheat, 1372 bags ; flour, 828 bags j bran',"! 4371 bajjs ;'oats, 2513 bags ; chaff,. 2791 bags ; pens, 501 bags j barloy, 537 bags j potatoes, 229 bags. . d — A— — 