KEANE MALCOMBE'S PUPIL. IN SEVEN CHAPTERS. CHATTER VI. \- Patiently waiting till the first torrent of my grief has spent itself, and I am lying back weak and exhausted, but once more calm, upon my pillow, Nannie says, with an anxious. troubled look upon her face : 'Fd be well pleased if the minister was back, Miss Mabel.' Thinking that the kindly creature, seeing how sorely I am in need of help and comfort, longs for my master to be at hand, I make no reply beyond a deep sigh, as I think of that faithful friend, absent when most needed ; bui her next words put me to shame for the selfish ness born of sorrow. 'It's the mistress I'm thinking of; there's some change over her I don't like the looks of.' * Oh, Nannie !' And I start to my feet, and make for the door, every selfish grief forgotten lor the time being, in anxioue dread of evil to the one creature Heaven seems to have left me. But the door is quickly shut and locked, and Nannie 'points with indignant fingers to the looking-glass. ' Lord's sake !' she says, * Miss Mabel, do you want to frighten, the mistress clean daft wi' the sight of sic a face as that, and she in mortal sickness, and easy scared !' She draws me opposite the looking-glass, where I see reflected a woe-begone, dis hevelled, white-faced, red-eyed woman, cer tainly no fit object to enter a sick-room. Some women require a long time to efface the trace of tears. I don't Perhaps this in consequence of my having little or no bloom and colour to lose, a fact upon which my candid friend Mrs. Vandaleur was once kind enough to remark. Plenty of cold water soon renders my appearance less appaling, and Nannie seems inclined to unbar the door, and let me go to our poor sufferer. But I want to understand plainly the extent of her fears. * You don't think,' I say, looking pleadingly into my companion's face, ' that Auntie is very much worse to-day ? You don't think ? ' But here it is difficult to put my thoughts into words, and I stop. * I think the Lord's going to take her to himself, Miss Mabel ; and it's best to say the truth, out, and have done with it I'd he blithe to say cheerier words, if I dared ; but there's that look upon her face, that tells me she's not long to bide wi' us. Don't 'ee greet again, dearie — don't 'ee !' for I have covered my face with my hands, not to ' greet,' as Nannie thinks, but to pray for strength to bear this new pain. As I enter the quiet room, where the shaded lamp cast a soft fight on the worn face upon the pillow, and the thin restless hands moving uneasily on the coverlet, my heart fails me ; for gathering round the eyes and mouth is that strange grey shade, which I know to be the livery of death. * Is that you dearie ?' says the feeble voice. 'It seems a long time since you were here, and I've no' been feeling just well at all ; but I knew the boy Donald was with you, and I would not let Nannie call for you.' Such a sense of all I am about to lose in her — such a sense of the loneliness that will be for me, when that feeble voice is hushed, never more on earth to speak such words of tenderness — comes over me, I throw myself upon my knees beside the bed, and cast my arms about the poor weak frame, while the tears stream from my eyes. Auntie does not seem surprised or distressed at this outbreak ; she lays her hand upon my head, and speaks comfortingly to me, as though I were again the child of old days, weeping over some childish trouble. * Don't be gretting sae sair,' she says ; ' it's bad to pull loo hard against the Lord's will.' And then, as my sobs grow quiet : ' I'm glad we've found out how well we love each other, before I leave you, child. My hard Scotch ways might well have made you think I had no lovingness in me ; but you know better now, don't you, dearie ?' I have but time to press a fond kiss on the dear worn face, when Nannie's tea tray bumps gently against the door, and the scones make their appearance, together with a tiny china cup of rich cream. ' Try and taste a bit, if you please, mistress ?' says Nannie, with a furtive scowl jat my tear stained face ; ' you're weak for want of food, and here's Miss Mabel never bad no tea ! But it's hot and ready in the parlour below.' Here Nannie looks at me, and hesitates a moment. ' Mistress Forsythe is below-stairs, too ; she's called to ask for the mistress, hearing she was no' just so weel the day.' This last assertion is a piece of pure invention on Nannie's part, as I discover on entering the room where Donald's mother waits me. She makes no enquiry after Auntie, and is indeed evidently unaware of her increased illness ; and one glance at her face is enough to tell me what has brought her to Whitegates at such an unusual hour. But dreading to enter upon the subject foremost in ray thoughts and hers, I take a hurried refuge in the commonplace, and express tny surprise at her .being out 50 late, alone. ' I did not come alone,1 she says, * except from the gate.' And a shiver runs through me, for I know that Donald has turned away from Whitegates, like some stranger. There is silence again, and Mrs. Forsythe turns very pale, and the hand that she rests on the mantle shelf trembles. I feel dial the evil moment is to be deferred no longer, when suddenly the door opens, and Nannie, evidently id sore trouble of mind, stands before us. . 'The mistress wants you, Mistress Forsythe,' she says, her lips twitching nervously as she speaks. ' She's very low, and easy troubled, and set on seeing you, this directly minute.3 Thien poor faithful Nannie steals inside, and softly closes the door, ' For the Lord's dear sake,' she say's, stanrding. close to Mrs. Forsythe, and looking pleadingly in her face, 'say nothing to trouble the poor boddie lo- night ; she's sair stricken, sair stricken, my lady ;' aiid before either of us can say a word, Nannie is gone. * Is this so, Mab ? I am so sorry ! I did not knew there was ? any change for the worse,' says Mrs. Forsythe. And I, standing between her and the door, take courage, and speak what is in my mind : ' Yes, it is true, Auntie is very ill — so ill that I think the end is near. She knows nothing —^nothing of — what I have to trouble me ; and t .beg of you^dear Mrs. Forsyfhe, I entreat of y'diif by tbe memory of our old friendship — help me idTc3eping the knowledge of it away from her !' She seems touched to some1 tie'w strange pity, as I speak. ' Yours is a brave heart, Mabel ; why hate you let it be uncandid towards me ? Why ? Biit f interrupt her hurriedly. ' Conie dtid see Auntie now, and after I will walk part way home' with you.' Auntie is excited by seeing Mrs. Forsythe. ' I seem to have a new strength to-nighf,' she says, a flickering pink flush upon her check ; 'buttheday'sbeenawearisomctime. It was kind of you Mistress Forsythe, to call and ask for me so readifcL Ah ! truly I thank Heaven to leave my poor* child here in such good hands ! You arid the boy Donald will aye watch over her tenderly it's jtist a toxyer of strength tome in my; weakness to think of that ?' \- I cast an imploring look at the grave face of Donald's mother, and then she answers,- _' Mab wfll never be without friends, Miss Fraser ; but I think no one can ever replace your love and tenderness to your adopted child !' Ah me ! how my aching heart echoes the truth of her words J Never, never more, shall I find such love as that which is drifting from me nowl It is a bright, chill autumn night, and as Mrs. Forsythe and E walk down the avenue, I am glad to draw the grey cloud I have picked up in the hall closely around me. Perhaps, however, my feeling of cold arises' front nervous agitation, silence is so trying when we know some dreaded words are to be spoken ; and my companion maintains a silence I dare not, cannot break. At length we cross the stile, and enter the .Abbeylands fields. The white mist lies low, and above it the moon sails in a sea of dark blue sky. Our dresses rustle against the short crisp stubble that is all the sickle has left of the waving grain, and the corn-crake keeps up its harsh, mono tonus, grating cry, as if 'keening over the fields shorn of their golden glory. Now Mrs. Forsythe speaks, and her voice has a troubled, faltering sound. * Child ! don't you think I feel for you ? don't you think my heart is aching for you, even when 111 -st I feel that it is best to be as it is— best fur you, and best for Donald ? I am i:i no mood to spare myself, so I say, in a hard calci voice, that covers an awful stab of pain at her last words : * You saidj have been uncandid. To whom, and when, have I been so ?' I step before her, and stand defiant in her path, so that she cannot choose but stop short. In the same sad voice, and without being roused to any resentment by my defiant manner, she answers me : ' I have often thought lately, Mabel, of some lines you once read to me long ago — Dead love may live again ; but through all time No mason can np-build the {alien tower Oftrust. It has been so with you and me. When fiist I was told that you had given your confidence to a stranger, had spoken of me and mine, and earnestly entreated that what you had said might be religiously kept from me, I sufiered — I suffered intensely ; for, Mabel, I have loved you very dearly.' All my defiant humour is gone. I am trembling, as I see the net that is around me. I seem to hear a soft, false, lying voice say, * I will respect your confidence, dear child !' ' When first Mrs. Vandaleur — for I do not deal in mystery, and am speaking in a full, and, maybe, last confidence to you — told me of what you had said to her, she did so in pure kind ness of heart, wishing to let me know that you were troubled with sensitive fears as to my full approbation of niy son's choice ; and with genuine distress she saw the view I took of what was, to me, so unseemly a confidence on your part.' * Such a vivid picture of Mrs. Vandaleur's 'distress' comes into my mind, that I can hardly keep down an hysterical and painful laugh. Evidently troubled by my strange silence, Mrs. Forsythe speaks appealingly : * Why could you not (rust me, Queenie ? Why did you desecrate our friendship by speaking of my inmost thoughts to a stranger ? Have you no explanation to give me ?' ' No, none !' and I clasp my hands tightly together, and look up into her face, ' I have nothing to say — not a single word to say — about Mrs. Vandaleur, or anything she may have told you, I have done you no wrong or your son either. I have given him up — given him up. though it has torn my heart outtodo so, because I saw that his love was mine no longer. And now, let me go, and let the past lie ; it hurts too much, this bringing up of things that are dead.' ' Poor child ! poor child !' she says, for my voice has become a moan of pain, and the tears fall down her face. And thus I see her, for the last time, and take her hand, and hold it against my bosom ; then let it fall, and sped through the fields. I reach the white gate, pass up the avenue, and there, at the open door, stands my master — my master, whom I think to be miles away from us and all our troubles ! The joyous exclamation cf welcome dies upon my lips, for on Keane Malcombe's face is a strange look of awe and grief. * Come quickly, child !' he says, half leading, half carrying menp the stairs. ' Her life may be measured by minutes now !' Supported in Nannie's arms, a grey pallor on her face, each breath dnwn with labour and pain, Aunt Janet's eyes are turnd fondly an expectantly to the door, looking for the child of her love. The excitement of Mrs. Forsythe's visit, and the unexpected arrival- of the minister, may have tried her feeble strength to sorely. But this as it may, she had scarcely grgeted my master, when a sudden faintness and exhaustion had come on ; and leaving poor troubled Nannie with her mistress, he had hurried down stairs to search for me. I fling myself on my knees by the bed, and she raises her feeble arm to put it about my neck. - ' Oh speak to me ! speak to me, dear, before you leave me !' I cry, half beside myself with grief. But Auntie will never speak to me again ; the power of speech is gone, and only in the faint pressure of her hand, and in the gaze of the dying eyes that never cease to look upon ray face, can I read the loving, tender thoughts that are in her heart for me. I hear' my master's voice begin the prayer that Christ thought, but T do not join in it : I am watching every passing change on the dear face so close to mine. ' Thy kingdom come !* As the words pass my master's lips, I see that Auntie is looking at me no more, and that for her God's kingdom has already come ! All the flowers were dead when Auntie died. There were no roses to put into her cold hands, no voDets to lay upon her breast ; but teats fall on her still white face, and Nannie and I watch by 'turn in the darkened room till the-cold chill morning, when they take my. dead from me, and I ani le!t rfone at sileat, desolale Whitegaies. The very day after Aunties funeral, strange news comes to tb* village of the 'great folks' up at Abbeylands. Sir Ralph For?yl;ie, p.snaUs rich and childless uncle, has died sat; JenW.sttd Donald inherits his vast estates ' il -\vn s-j^Jh/ whither the heir is summoned w iih ;-.:! sjvc:l. The village is ti-VL'iidvre 1 by so ni&vy; important events happeiii;)^ at «no tiniv: ; ano the chief gossip of the jji.ice, o;u .S-.n.iy S:;ji, complains to Nannie of such an un;:nv.ir;l i;!ui of news, ' the noo,: whjn, at otimr sjasuns, hardly as much is going as will give maturijl for a * tidy crack wi' a nccbor, as arjeicie ui :l as a boddie iv»ay !' Aunt Janet's will is al*o a subject of much public interest, for 'Whitegates, by the will of its original owner, passes' away to a distant cousin on my mother's side ; and not ail the fealty of * the' village' to * poor Mistress Fraser can prevent many exciting and interesting speculations as to ' what the new-comers may be like.' But even yet more startling news is to fall upon the ears of the community. The minister has seen some mighty learned English doctor during his stay in those uncivilised countries whish lie south of the Tweed, and from him has heartl of wonderful mineral springs in some country 'out of all calculation, ye ken, sae far fra Scotland ;' and these springs' worii grand cur^s in persons afflicted like the minister's wife. And so, wiih the faiat fond hope that bis * Lizzie' may find healing yet, and one day wandtr again with him among the flowers and fields he loves, iny master is to set off with her on a long and trying journe}', and Mabel Meredith is to go with them. A new minister — a stranger, from the far North — is to to take Mr. Malcornl-e's place meanwhile ; and what with this novelty in the way of a spiritual leader, and fresh intnales at Vvhilegales, the place will be in a regular ferment, and the long winter evenings will be hardly long enough to discuss the many and varied points of interest and opinion. That Miss Mabel is not, after all, to be * the Ieddie of the great house,' is by this time an accepted fact among our humble neighbours ; but I think Nannie is he'd in too great dread for man}' questions to be put to her, and there fore curiosity has to remain content with the bare fact. All that Aunt Janet had to leave is mine — enough to spare uie all anxious thoughts of the future — and when my master asks me to go with him and his Lizzie to a strange distant laild, I eager!}* and gladly accept the loving offer of a home with them, for I have a cease Jess longing to escape irom scenes that have been lraught with so much pain, and, alas ! are to me Haunted by the ghosts of dead joys. The river will sL'g ihe same sweet Juitaby to the liilies on its hrezsi a; of old, but, with no Donald to wander me on its banks, what can the song of the river say, that is not sadness and pain? The sweet pink-faced ros.^ lna-' cluster alxwt Whitegates ; but through the window they frame, 1 may nevermore watch for his'coming ! Auntie's chair is empty? and tier hall-nmsned Knitting lies on lue uitie lawe by the window ; silenr is the voice that loved me, even when it was chiding ray careless ways. Why should I stay where all about me are voices that, like the ' sough' of the autumn wind in the pine-trees, only weep and wail ? In these days of my sorrow I am grateful to Mrs. Forsythe, in that she does n jt try to see me before she leaves Abbeylands, to go with her son to take possession of his new domain. I feel that she knows another interview between us would but be added pain, and could do no good : and I am glad — jh, so unutterably glad ! — to be snared such an ordeal again ! Not so forbearing, however, is im:ne enemy.' Late one afternoon I see her, as I pass the tur:et window, coming up the avenue, ai tired ia a dainty costume, in wnich black, aud silver grey predominate ; and I recoj-nist:, with a cold shiver of disgust, that this is wliat is called * complimentary mourning' for dear Auntie. Thus I see her coming, mincingly, and I rush downstairs and meet Nannie rushing up, for she, too, has espied the advancing figure. I grasp her bare arm in no geutle hoid ; I am weaiy, worn out a long day's painful at tention to those dreadful atier-details of the loss of one dear to us, that make the eyes dim with weeping, and I cannot izce Mrs. VaaJa leur. ' Say I'm ill, gone away — dead — any- thing ; but don't let me see her. Nannie, I shall die if you let her in ?' Nannie's face is pledge sufficient, and I beat a hasty retreat to poor Auntie's room, leaving the door open, so that I can hear Nannie parley with the invader. A soft cooing voice, with a suitable tone of grief, that renders it like a distressed pigeon, tenderly inquires after my well-being. ' Could I see her for a moment ur two ? It might rouse her a little, you know.' ' It might rouse her more than would be good for her,' answers Hannie's hard clear voice; 'and it's nothing but quiet and rest as Miss Mabel wants, ma'ain. She's pretty well, and only needing sleep, and she can't see no one — and is much obliged 10 you for calling to ask for her ; and that's all the message.' ' But, my good woman,' persists the visitor, ' you have not told her who it is. I feel sure she would see me.' * She did see you, ma'am, coming up the avenue, and she gave the message to me as I gave it to you.* Mrs. Vandaleur is apparently somewhat taken aback by this last piece of pleasing in formation, and makes no farther attempt to storm the garrison. ( To be continued.) 