SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. [ [BY TeLEGRAPH.] .,.7'r 6-4 FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) -. *"" THE V. R. C. AUTUMN MEETING. MELBOURNE, THURSDAY. I At Flemington this morning the touts who turned up before break of day wore rewarded with a sight of some of the best gallops over done on the training tracks of the A Victorian turf headquarters Countryman was about the first to be put through his Newmarket Handicap facings, and he fairly excelled any of his previous performances, for he covered six furlongs in the first time of 1 minute 19 seconds, some watches making it a tick or two less Commotion was indulged with half pace work over a couple of miles, but the great gun is full of health and wanted his' head all the still, Guess work was one of the cantering division, but the Drummer and Archie had a brush up together, in which the old one tailed off long before the finish of the mile and a-half, which was not by any previous first, seeing that the lime <on«,utiipd was 2 minutes and seconds Moolabin, was sent over the Newmarket distance, half a mile of which he did in 65 seconds Soldier Boy man went a rattling (good three quarters of a mile in 1 minute 18 seconds and 1 Fryingpan did a round of the II in a truck: in the fine time of 2 minutes 32 seconds Unfortunately, the colt split one of his, fore feet, and has been struck out of his R C engagements in consequence lAmlgiitor is looking the AOIV picture of health, and the different points of a good gallop were recorded, thus -Once round, 2 minutes 35 seconds a mile and three quarters, 3 minutes 1 ) seconds , 2 union, 3 minutes 30 seconds Baron von Mueller and Anglesea, strode out in company, doing the last mile in 1 minute 56 seconds, and Hjpatin, along with Glencoe, covered three quarters of a mile in 1 minute A second Iron and did a spin of about a mile, AT ith Power in the saddle, the first six furlongs taking 1 minute 21 seconds, but Victress excelled this in in 3 minutes 19 seconds, or 518 seconds for half a mile Le Grand and Venetian were slipped together, but the filly was soon outpaced, and the big Queenslander did the six furlongs in 1 minute 22 seconds Segonboe, Bargo, and union were out in company for three-quarters of a mile half a mile of which men run in 65 seconds, and the AI whole journey in 1 minute 22 seconds , Argentine in the last fur- long ^oingnsstrongusa steam engine LordM ilton provided one of the best, if not the Airy best "Newmarket "spin, of the morning, all things considered. Starting off with Prince Patrick, be accomplished fix furlongs in I minute 15 seconds, or 53 seconds for the half-mile to wind up with home astute judges thought this good enough, and lost no time in " getting on Martini-Henry and Morpeth as usual started off together, doing a mile and a half in 2 minutes 48 seconds, the round in 2 minutes 30 seconds, and the find six furlongs in 1 minute 20 seconds. Morpeth did not earn golden opinions, in fact, seemed to gallop the reverse of kindly SAI tot William and Wullungru went together for a first round at one part of which the old gentleman took it into his head to an oil the truck Unwind up a very interesting morning's work Princess and Nunitr worked on the course, and galloped six furlongs in 1 minute 23 seconds The following- scratchings WHO voted to-day at the V R C Collins -Fli st Hurdle Race Mara for. A Fit "A nice Stakes Dargo. Mozart, Duphcm, War On, Falkirk, the Bej, Silver King, Cairngorm, Mohobce îioppiculliro, Gipsy's Warning, Coir, Lnraornn cult Steersman, Italia colt Cricket colt, Bande, 'demands, Suite, King of the Gipsies. Auchendarroch, Little, Agnes. "Village, Cattle, The Maid, Antoinette, Donno Fortune, Veneln, Sour Grapes IMIIA, Superba, Iolanthe Foursome, Hecuba, Carpets, Rachel St. Leger Plato, Dukedom ICambrook, Uho Prior, AborfoAli-, Alpha! at, Warwick, All Silk, Bon Bon, Botanist, Kiiiuteor, Daylight, Cupidon, Melano, Smnshtuo Colt, Achilles, Mitcham, Umberto, Lambie, Douanmor, Leichardt, Lord Wilton, Golconda, Queen of the Sea, Lady Beatrice, Morris -cruelly, Polly Amelia, Victoria, Blue and White, Enraptured, Dorothy, Olga, Copra, Monsoon, Totals. Newmarket Handicap Fryingpan, Morpeth, Glencoe, "Wandoo, Dirk Hatteraick Simla Claus, Here's Luck, Copra, The Exeter (late Dxetir), Libonifor, Kathleen, Howlong, Stationer, King's Head, Boimmnnt, Priestess, Black Diamond, Country Boy, the horse, Paganini, Ishmael, and Puillcroo Hopeful Stakes Berkley and Cutter Brunswick Stakes Morpeth, King of the A alo, Despot, Queen, Hobart, and Vera. sires' Produce Stakes son Breeze early Corinthian Cup Queen and Hobart Australian Cup Commotion. Navigator, The Drummer, G at shark, Martini-Henry, Segenhoe, Glencoe, German, Bopcnu on, and Hobart BuuikeHnndiciip Depot, Welcome Jack, Hoiilone Autumn Handicap Queen and Hobart. Champion Stakes The Drummer, Segenhoe, Despot, Duke dom, Warwick Archie, Alberts 15, Achilles, Dirk Hatteraick, Duence, and Amelia 2 lemons All-aged stakes Welcome Jack i re Handicap Despot, Queen, and Hobart At Caulfield this morning there AMIS II fair amount of good work got through by several horses, Mr Connelly either the first to commence He sent Santa Claus und Lalla Rookh for striking PMUCISO Over a couple of miles. Attache alone Alas doing good work twice round the ground J iron was forced to FOUIO half-pace exercise, and Friendless, Avbo gets work, it as brushing along twice round for strong pink Mameluke doing ditto InAietus it is cantering, and the colt run strongly over half a-mile Oriundo doing useful pace work on the sand, a hero Zone was striding along; in three units speed for a circle. Mr Hume's had Doncaster Auto. Aide de-camp, the pair running a strong gallop over a mile and three-quarters, Rho Ghost leading them for a mile the mile and three- quarters occupied 3 minutes and 27 seconds, the fact half-mile was got over in 1 inmate 1 second When Coriolanus and Sling appealed on the trak, both horses looking in rare trim, they cantered round to the sod M nil, when they got (going, and ran about a mile and three-quarters, the last round was done in 2 minutes 21 Boards, and the hurdles being some yards from the inner running, makes the mile of the track about 60 or 70 yards Over a mile and a quarter, so that the last mile and a quarter Arna run in 2 minutes 10 seconds, which is a good gallop Public can- tered round the trick, and of them and. strode another one at half-speed. Schmaal and Triplet more doing good exercise, and Mum, in company with Mr Ducker B Stampede were doing some good work Cupola, Polly, and John Gilpin A oro doing nice piece exercise in company for a mile and a half, and Mr. Watson's Ptarmigan and Berwick were doing good work. Liberator was Inning Ionic cantering. Mr Dutton was doing some capital work with Block Jacket the colt Norfolk As he was cantering, joined thestoeplecbnsir in the rattling mile, running home strong U bo pair of King Cole miles All were treated to some fair pace work, as also were -souvenir and others of the form Unity was on lately, and, with Ontario, he popped over two or three hurdles Afterwards utah strode along a couple of miles from half to the presence Mr IltAiveed AIHI c altering Welcome Jack, Jackdaw, Sir Charles and 1 exercise the full) Ducnua, after cantering, ran a brisk gallop over six furlongs Mr I neck s Colstoun was doing long slow exercise, und Reporter some half-pace work I Long had Petrel and Lic in working unitedly, and "spoke in in company of Bill kit, and carrying Mr lived' and worked in the afternoon, they bring down some CXOICIM on the preceding day the northward of mare Cutnormo running seven furlongs in 1 minute M a conda which was umpired gallop, David uccompiuAing shire a part of the trip Pane and Ditto AIOIO treat d to some good work Mr Robert- H and L Eddington cantering, and the colt Precious Mine after doing a canter, on a brisk irillnpnbout MX furlough the son of Tubal Cain was working well, and he went well 1 hero was of the A Victorian Club AT era crowded this evening but business was Ven quiet most of the transactions of any note having been done during the day. the price paid lingering occurred in connection with Malua for the IScumiitket Handicap a commission has long been put into the market on the previous evening Commoners at 100 to 14 the colt AAisutlugt combed an 100th 8, and altogether over £10 000 has been books on, behalf of the stable alone Lord "ii lion also in Hut strength of his gallop in the morning, advanced from 100 to) 5 to 100 to 7, when he became easier, and 100 to 6 at least was on other topics was likewise supported to win a little money at 100 to 4, and 100 to 1 and 100 to were taken about Vu tiers and lion Fund The betting on the Australian Cup is very erratic, hardly in her being able to maintain his position on account of the supply of money being greater than the dom and in proof of this 8 to 1 found no takers about Morpeth Le Grand was backed to it in £1000 at 100 to 7 I U he following is the latest betting -A new market Uandi tap. KO to be a most ( contrition (offered), 10 to 1 Segenhoe (taken unaltered) 100 do J Precious Stone (taken and AI wanted), 16 to 8 Malm (taken) 100 to 8 Tireless (taken and offered), 100 to TCIiutrip (offered), 100 to 7 Cumcrino (offered, 100 to 6 wanted) 100 to li Lord A Ilton offered, 20 to 1 Le Grand taken 20 to 1 bildier 105 offered (25 to 1 lunted;, 26 to 4 v ictrtsstaknu, Jo to 1 1 annual offered, 100 to 6 troubled taken 100 to S amount is offered Australian Cup 7 to 1 against Morpeth entered HU to 11 SiidiusolFered 100 to 12 fatherhood taken and offered 100 to 11 Conolnnub taken, 10 To 1 SAieut William taken, 10 tail I ever taken 10 to 1 First Demon tion Champion Stakes of to 4 against Martin Horny offered (6 to 4 wanted), 5 to 2 Commotion taken and offered. 