Selected tales and sketches. Remarkable Dreamers. ~the French lottery offices it uaed to be —kstom to keep a register of the lucky fibers which had been suggested by jppms, they were so numerous and so ~\arkable. Never did a day pass with pi adding to the wonderful record, and ih in dreams grew in consequence even i re rapidly tliau the list in the register. [ Was so in England while the lotteries •sted, and is so abroad where they still i*fct. Many strange stories of this kind told. mongst remarkable dreamers we have ,ors who, continuing the occupation of day, have composed through the night tie asleep. In this way Voltaire coni :d his verses to Monsieur Touion. 'he most thoughtful and eminent phil >hers have regarded the phenomena of is with the deepest interest. Lord n, repeating an idea as aged as He itus, says:— •nr life is two fold: sbep hsth its own world, [errick also wrote long before Byron: ore we are *11 by day: by night w* ere hnried f dreams each one into a ter'ral world, . L strange indeed such worlds are; j ; Ids in which time and space have no i, and everything that is actual and £ seems to blend with everything fanci and unreal, without for one' insEahT tpearing improbable or extraordinary, a dream the coward is brave, the fcol li wise, and the defeated triumphant; e little are great, the blind see, the e walk, the joyous are sad, the sad joyous, the prosperous fail, and the weak strong. 1 From the ancient times dreams have jLpftn regarded as prophetic symbols, capa useful and important interpreta OF most astonishing strange stories QSold in which their significance was ilpSir^ ^yn^iratftd. Anciently they here broad^^rmeii 'mT6 good ^udeviL Ireams, and means for securing the one L avoiding the other were solemnly -Idopted. Pliny said aniseed placed on £e pillow, bo that the sleeper smell it, -fould prevent dreams from being dis rroeable, while the seed of pycaocomen, Aen in doBes of one drachm in wine, pro tuced nigbtmare. Both Pliny and Arm die regarded dreams as most frequent in ie apring and autumn. Among the an ®t» dream-interpreting was a regular le, and ArtemidoruB is credited with Iting it into a science by the publica \- ion of his five bookB of " Oneirocritica," jlrst printed in Greek at Venice in the *fear 1518, and sometimes called "The streamer's Bible." % Gallen tells of a man wlio dreamed that »is left thigh had become a Btone, and «vho soon after lost the use ol it by a dead Salsy ; of another, one of his patients, •vho dreamed that he was in a vessel full of Slood, which he accepted as a sign that the man ought to be bled, by which neans a serious disease under which he [Laboured was cured. 'v Dion Cassis stated that his history was , vritteu in obedience to a dream, and Cy [-4trian that he was instructed in a dream to jSnii wine and water in the Eucharist. jLactanus believed that dreams were the fgents of Divinity, St. Bernard of Clair tW. they were often instigated by ,„.Js. Thomas Aquinas held it folly to Leny that future events were indicated by iams, and Josephus carefully studied . dreams as the divine guides by which his actions were to be governed. Bishop Jl held the same belief, and so, it ap pears, did Bishop Ken. 5 Amongst the most remarkable dreams ian record the following will always have 1 daces. ■ The Dream of Thomas Lord Lyttelton. Breakfasting with some ladies on No \ rember 25, 1779, at his house in Hill i rtreat, London, Thomas Lord Lyttelton i [poke of a very curious dream he had lieamt in the night. In this dream a Hid flew into a room where he was, and, rhile he looked at it, it changed into a who told him to prepare for an ither world, as in three days he would Jie. He was then well, and, as he laugh [i^- . . did not look like a man so near On the Saturday also he told the same ladies that be felt perfectly well, and believed he should " bilk the ghost. Some hours afterwards he went with Fortescue and Captain Wolseley to . Place, Epsom, ate for supper an egg. cheerfully and talkatively to bed, lopod ha should have rolls for breakfast, jddenly expired while .Stuckey, his T—nt, was removing his under-waiflt ioat. • This story has been told in various ays ; the above account is that given by «d Westcate, Lord Lyttelton's uncle. The Dream of Calpurma. Plutarch records that Csesar being in •d with his wife Calpurnia, when the „eg of March had come, but, alas! were lot gone, was much disturbed by the rtwuis she uttered in her sleep, and [woke her. She then told him that she kad dreamt of holding him, murdered, in ier annB. On the following day, so leepiy was this dream impressed upon ier mind, and so great the tenor that it ioned, that she implored him to re ... at home and adjourn the meet Big of the senate. He was startled, and fwowing her to be a woman of strong iiud, and in no wise superstitious, he of ired'sacrifices and consulted the diviners, \- whom he was advised to adjourn the ^jnate, and would have done so had he lot been persuaded to the contrary by [no of the conspirators against Mb life, rho laughed at the dream and the livinera, and warned Caesar against giv ig offence to the Senate, just when they vere prepared to crown his most ambi tious desires. Imperial Caesar listened, Lad went out with him to meet Mb death, j The Dreams of Apgustus. I At the battle of Phillipi, although Au gustus being unwell, had determined not to leave his tent, a dream urging him to ijuit it he did so, and thereby saved Ms life, for an attack of the enemy resulted m its capture and destruction. At another time, after visiting a temple near the Dapitol wMch he had dedicated to Jupiter Touans, he dreamt that Jupiter Capitoli mis^'came to him complaining that the new temple had taken away his worship pers-; to which he replied no, he had but given him a porter at the gate. To carry out this idea bells were hung round the summit of the new temple such as were usually found at the gates of great houses. In consequence of another dream Augus tus, on a certain day in the year, always begged alms of the people in the attitude of a mendicant—head bent, hand out stretched. The Dream of Monica. St. Augustine tells the story of his mo ther's dream at a time when he was still involved in vice and sensuality, reiy touchingly, as follows :—" And thou sent est Thine hand from above and drewest my soul out of that profound darkness. My mother, Thy faithful one, weeping to Tbee for me more than mothers weep the bodily deaths of their children. For she, by that faith and spirit which she had from Thee, discerned the death wherein which I lay, and thou heard est her, and despisedst not her tears, when, streaming down, she watered the ground under her eyes in every .place where she prayed; yea, Thou heardest her. For whence was : tliat dream whereby thou comfortedst her, so that she allowed me to livo ami nnf at the same tame m xne House, which she had begun to shrink from, abhorring and detesting the blasphemies of my error? For she saw herself standing on a certain wooden rule, and a shining youth coming towards her, cheerful and smiling upon her, herself grieving and overwhelmed with grief. But he having enquired of her the causes of her grief and daily tears, and she answering that she was bewailing tny perdition, he made her rest contented, and told her to look and see that where she was there was I also. And when she looked she saw me standing by her on the ? The Dream of Lady Warre Chaplain. In "Some passages of the Life and Death of the Right Hon. John Earl of Rochester, who died 26th July, 1880," we read how this lord told the writer that the chaplain of his mother-in-law, Lady Warre, dreamt tliat be would die on a cer tain day. The idea was ridiculed by the family, and he had almost foigotten it, when one evening at supper it was dis covered that there were 13 at table, which, " according to a foud conceit"-— other words, a foolish one—probably in fun, recalled the dream, and the chaplain was at once thrown into a state of agita tion. He expressed his belief that before the morning he must die; but, being then in excellent health, no one heeded his words. On the following morning he was found dead in his bed. 