HAMILTON HAVE CLUB. FIRST DAY— WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9. Stewards : — Messrs. H. J. Bloomneln, J. Cameron, S. W. Cooke, J. B. Learmontb, D. M'Lellan, G. £. Rippon, T. Skene, J. Thomson, E. Twomey, and N. DO. Willis. Handicap pers — Mr. Jas. Wiggins and Mr. E. Walter. Scale Stewards — Mr. J. R. Learmonth and Mr. J. Thomson. Judge — Mr. C. Fetherstonhaugh. Starter — Mr. J. Alexander. Clerk, of toe Coarse— Mr. W. SteeL Clerk of the Scales — Mr. C. A Wiggins. Secretary — Mr. W. R. Skene. In 1882 a fairly successful meeting was held in Hamilton, hut in ISS3, for reasons that have never been thoroughly explained, racing collapsed. Some blamol the trus tees, others the dub, and nobody seemed to feel inclined to bring matters to an issue. Whatever the cause, there was no meeting in that year, bnt during the latter portion of it a number of gentlemen met, including representatives of tbe trustees, who were not rmnl ea An 4m1 ralS, -Ibn. .11 ml U.. outcome was toe meeting which commenced to-day under; so tar as the weather is con cerned, toe most brilliant auspices. To say that it commenced trader new manage ment wonld be an error, ae toe ex-secretaries rendered very valuable assistance through- oat the day, Mr. J. Wigrins, one of the trustees, was equally obliging, and toe names of many of the old stewards appeared on toe list. There seemed, in fact, to be a consensus of opinion that Hamilton had made a faux pas in racing matters and aU most combine to make amends. Considering toe financial position of affairs, however, it was not deemed advisable to attempt to run before a quick walking gait was better en sured. Nevertheless a liberal programme was issued, splendid nominations were re ceived, and had -not the bandicappers been cramped by one of toe absurd rules of the - V.B.C., there is not toe slightest doubt toe acceptances would not only have been very numerous, but toe weights would have been so well allotted that toe most acute of onr raoe-horee owners and "stablemen" would not have been able to " spot" anything like a certainty, After thefixtures for Hamilton had been made, the programmes for Cole raine and Qasterton were .Issued. It was tifen found the Hamilton hand i cappers would have to bring out their weights' before toe results of the running at those meetings were . known! and a -proposal to. defer nnhlfoatirm - Af . Jian«li/«ute wrda made. The answer to this was, "it will be against the ViKCrrnlea," which, -fraJned "to promote -good raring, . were thus actually brought to "hear to - suppress It. Neverthe less, it, must be admitted -toe handicappera did thdr work wonderfully well They were not able to bring -bark The Andes to his horses,, hat- they certainly upset-- many "ring-pot" -By this we mean it-was notao rpqch toe pablic as -the clever men of the ring who were upset and who, when on Tuesday asked the odds aboqt a- double, quickly turned round and arid they would take 100 to 10 themselves about a quintette. Andes was not knocked out, but. some of the others were, and the majority will say, "it was a blessing it was so.". So much for toe handicaps, and now with regard to the ma nagement. - For several -years complaints have been made about toe starting, and this year it was determined to try a new man in the person of Mr. J. Alexander, who did so writ at Bmnxholme: In toe Bracelet Stakes he certainly did umbo mistake, not noticing Collich Fraioch, bnt the owner of that horse, like toe gentleman that be is, saw toe positions of aflaire at once and admitted Mr, 'Alexander was not so muah to blame. In all the -other rades the new starter was very successful, and more especially eo in the Raring CInb TT«nd;,n n mliiali la — 8..n n B u. — . J , »T wmama iinnnre. UUB guw opportunity through being detenoined to make the boys obey him, and, subsequently, sent them well away together, -this, notwithstanding, there had been lota nf .dodging attempted in the meantime, As for Mr. W. R. Share, toe new hon. secretary, toe only fault ; to be 5 found irith him was that he Was tobrinmm - He neglected bis own pleasure-arid surely ail hon. secretary should be allowed some fun- worked " like a nigger " and, on all fides, was warmly applauded. The club is certainly In safe hands »o long as he is at toe head of affinra, whicb all good secretaries are. 'As , judge, . toe veteran "MGo-rarimr sink aR' Stewards r stood- to , , their guns" the meed rt.-praite : must toore who attended totoe,scales,MesstB!'i LK Learmonth and J. Thomson. , who did tha i Jionfeehare hf toe wprk so far ss'toe ties. The people believed them, and many refrained .-from attending. Now, however, that it Ib known these would-be prophets were " all Abroad " in their estimate at the handiwork of Messrs. Walter and J. Wiggins, it is confidently hoped there will be a more numerous gathering to-day. One of tbe most pleasing passages of toe afternoon was the presentation of toe bracelets to the representatives of the respec tive winners. These trophies, manu factured by Messrs. W. G. Farroll and Son, were universally admired, and were pre sented by toe President, Mr. D. M'Lellan, mark to toe regret of many present. To the regret, because ninety-nine out of ahondred, wonld have liked to have seen Miss M'LeUan's horse -win, and had this been the case,, some other steward would have been called upon to perform a most pleasing duty. In a few appropriate and weU-choeen words " \ Mr. M'Lellan handed over the first bracelet, a gold one, studded with diamonds, to Mr. R. Howie, for Egerton, nominated by Miss Bailey, and Mr, Howie suitably replied. No I gentleman appeared to claim the second bracelet, won by Mia. A. T. Anderson's Ameer, the worthy secretary of the Caster ton R.C.. bring unable to attend, but it was subsequently entrusted to good keeping for toe winner. The catering under the grand stand was very efficiently'' attended to by Mr. 1 Allen, of the Criterion Hotel, Mr. Thomas, I of toe Town Hall hotel, did equally well ont- I ride, and, a strong force of police being in I attendance, under the command of Sergeant I Richards, there was a very welcome rednc- I tion in the number at " little game men." I The Racekg. i Punctual to time, proceedings commenced I with the Trial Stakes, for which Nelly BIy I (on toe strength of her second to Equity in I toe Trial Stakes at Coleraine last week) was I installed a warm favourite at odds on her. I Transvaal received some support from the I public, though his owner had not a penny on I three parte of tire journey. Transvaal was in I front the whole way, and though the favorite I ran np to him entering toe straight, be was 1 merely handled by Hawkins, and beat her 1 cleverly at toe finish. The veteran Tommy I Ferguson deserves a word of praise for the I manner in which Transvaal Was sent to the I post, there being taw, if any, fitter hones on I the course. The ecratehings for the Hnrdle I Race were numerous, the withdrawal of The I Agent, who was backed for £ a. d., causing I considerable emprise, his published owner I being the recipient of some adverse remarks I from a few who were laid on to " the good I thing" after the Coleraine meeting. One I person, who had backed The Agent with 1 his own horse to win a double for I a good sum, being particularly demon. I strative, and londly decried the conduct I of the owner in scratching his horse at I toe last moment, for, apparently, no tangible I reason. All sorts of ngly rumours were in 1 circulation as to toe cause of the horse bring I scratched, but about them we know nothing I definite, and can only give toe owners I reason for scratching, viz., " that toe horse I had gone completely " off" since Coleraine, I and consequently had not a ghost of a show." I Gar own opinion is that even had he been I well and started he wonld have been beaten I by the subsequent winner, Equity, who, I nicely handled by Scobie, had the race in I nana iruui uaejamp, ana treat rungston, cne Casterton winner, in toe easiest possible I manner at the finish, Jasper and St. George I being 200 yards away. The Bracelet Stakes I brought ont the nice field of eight I runners, The Ameer bring installed a I warm favourite, though Egerton, little Nell, I and Collich Fraoich received considerable I support. Through bring over 1 anxious I to get them well away. The start unfortn- I nately, was not a particularly good one, Col- I lich Fraoich and Barley Bree being in the I act of turning round when the flag fell. Poor I Me cut out the ran ing for the first half of I the journey, when Egerton supplanted her, I and ran home an easy winner, The Ameer I finishing second and Jack third. The pre- I sentation to the winners is referred to else- I where. Odds of 2 to 1 were laid on The 1 Andes for toe Raring CInb Handicap, the a race being considered a " moral " for him 1 after his recent performances at Casterton 1 and Coleraine. Ghloris was universally ad- B mitted to be his most dangerous opponent, | but The A Tides came away when called upon 1 and brat her easily at the finish, tons josti- 1 fying tbe confidence reposed in him by his j stable and its follower The Selling Race. t had right runners, and though all received ag) | modicum of support in toe betting, ColUch fj Fraoich was a warm favorite at odds of 10 to I 8 on him. He won easily at the | finish; and on bring submitted, to | auction, excited some keen competition I Mr. John Robertson, of Skene, who is always I a good friend to toe dob on such occasions, I stuck manfully to bis bidding, amidst much I laughter, but Mr. Kelly outstayed him, and 1 secured the horse at £63, tons returning tbe I nice little sum of £38 to tbe coffers of toe I club. Poor Van was established a warm I favorite far toe Pony Race,' though Mr. I Robertson was of opinion iris other nomina- I tion Odd Stocking was the more reliable of I the two. So sanguine was Mr. Robertson of I winning, that he made a small bet at even E money that be would run first and second. I As toe seqnel proved his judgment wsa | correct Poor Van winning easily at the 1 finish, Odd Stocking bring second, and Jock I third. Subjoined is the running : — ! Tbial Stakes. I Of 20 sovb. For all horses that hare sot won i an advertised race of over £10 in value. I Weight for age. One mile and a quarter 8 J. B. Learmonth's Transvaal, aged, 9st 21b j (Hawkins) 1 I G. Pyer's Nrity Bty, 3 yra., 8rt 41b (Feign- J. Cameron's Hawkesbnry, aged, 9st 2 to f (Bamage) ... 3 s W. H. Welsh's Eileen, 5 yra., 9st (Reed) ... 9 i Betting : Even against Nelly Bly, 2 to 1 Transvaal, 4 to 5 to 1 the other I To a good start they went away very leisurely, Transvaal going to the front, j Hawesbury, Eileen and Nelly Bly following I in this order. Along toe back stretch, Trans- j vaal had about two leqgtoB' advantage of j Nelly Bly, Hawkesbnry and Eileen side by side a length away, the pace np to this bring very slow. At the turn approaching the || straight Nelly Bly tan up to the leader, and t Hawkesbury also assumed a prominent posi- I tion. A splendid race np the straight, both | horses being capitally ridden, ended in favor 1 of Transvaal by a neok, Hawkesbnry a fair I third. Time, 2 min. 26 seos. 1 Handicap Hurdle Race, , , 1 Of 40 bovr. ; second horse to receive £5 out of I the staka About two miles and a halt I E. Young's b g Equity, aged, 9st 121b. I (Scobie)... 1 I R. Howie's Kingston, aged, lOst (Lock) ... 2 I W. Horan's b g Jasper, (late Keilambete), I aged, 9st Iffib. (Jenkins) « 3 I — Brii'sbrgSt George, 6yi, 9«t (John- I son) ... 9 I Betting : Even on Equity, 2 to I Kingston, j 4 to 1 Jasper and St. George. I St George got away four lengths In ad- 1 vance, which he increased to twenty lengths 1 as they ran along the hack stretch. Equity I and Kingston together being next, Jasper I two lengths away. St George's lead wea I considerably diminished as they passed toe I stand, and. he extinguished bis chance by I naming off at toe next hnrdle. Kingston I and Equity ran together toe rest of the I journey, Jasper bring beaten off Equity bed I always a bit in hand, and once in the straight, I lie drew away, and won comfortably by I length ; Jasper, fifty lengths away, toird. 1 lime, 5min. 35s ec. I THxBBACEian' -STAKES, I A welter handicap. First, a gold bracelet I at 20 guineas ; second, a silver bracelet nlaea I si 5 gmae&s;, One mile and a qaarteie 1 Amatear- rideou j Miss Bailey's b g jetton, aged, list . J (Mr. Howie) I Mr A T. Anderson's og The Ameer, 6 yra I Hit 21b., (Mr. Whitehead) 2 I AT;.. - .To .L- .ml. TOat 110. . I (Mr. J. Barker) ... 3 1 Miss Cawker's b m lattle Nell, aged, lfet I Ub. (Mr. H. Whitehead) -. -- tv u I Mr Powell's Uk h Barley Bree, 6 yra. XOst I 71b. (Mr. Johnson) - ,.'.7 J!) I Miss Bdbertson'e b m Poor Me, aged, 9st llln -.' I (Mr. J. Rrtertaon) ... ... - " I BBesDaris'gg Alteration, aged, 9>t 71, I (Mr. FifaKteld) ... ... " W I Min M'Lefian's b h Colbch Fraoich, 4 yn 1 lOst 71b. (Ur, J. G. Robertson) ... - I : Betting: Evarbn tbe The Ameer, 3 1 to - I n, 3dto;l Utile Nell, 4 to 5 to 1 toe I "When toe flagfell, Collich Raoidi had his I headthe wrongway, and Bailey Bree wasriso 1 on ti»tiiro,Jtod As a consequence, both 89' I badly away, mrir falriy gomg Fori e I came BfeCTtwi, Am«r. I AheratomrLitite Nell, Jack, »jd«y Jw I and Collich -Fraoichj-the latter 'fiftyle1' 1 behind toe leader. Gring along the I sterixh' Egezton ran up toPoorMe,_andriter j %if77' : -« -j ,1 I > " " ' " S two lengths away, the others beaten off Coming to the home stretch . Egerton was throe lengths in front of Ameer, and main tained his position to the finish, winning comfortably by three lengths, Ameer second, .Tack beating Little Nell by half a length for third place ; then came Barley Bree, Poor Me, Alteration, and Collich Fraoich. Time, 2min. 191sec. RACING club handicap. Of 50 so vs. One mile and a quarter. D. 5L Johnson's The Andes, 6 yra, est I21bs (Feigusoo) 1 T. Cliinisiile's Cbloris, 3 yra, 7st 81bs (KaH>y) 2 T. Burt's Skipper, 4 yra, 8st Tibs (Ram age)... 3 S. 11. Cooke's Gninevre, 3 yra, Gst 7lbs (A Beveridge) 0 W. Moran's Little John, 3 yra, 7st (Left- witch) 0 E. O'Halloran's Seroiramis, 6 yra, 7st (J. Reveridge) 0 IT. Trainer's King's Messenger, 6 yra, 7st Gibs (Wilson) 0 Betting— 2 to 1 on Andes, 3 to 1 against Chloris, 8 to 1 King's Messenger, 10 to 12 to 1 the others. After some delay at the post, the rider of Guinevre bring fined £1 for disobeying orders, they were sent away to a good start, Skipper's colors showing most prominently, in ctosc at tendance being Chloris, Gninevre, and The Andes, the others in a bnneb. Round the first turn Town Moor had a lead of fonr lengths, then came Chloris, Skipper, and The Andes close together, Little John beingnext. Then came Guinevre, Little John, Ring's Messenger, and Semiramis. At tbe second turn from home The Andes ran np to Chloris and Skipper, and drew away entering the straight, winning easily by thiee lengths from Chloris, who was a length and a halt in front of Skipper. Then came Lit'le John, Semi ramis, King's Messenger, Guinevre, Town Moor being absolutely last Time, 2min. 14Jsec. Kilby, the rider of Chloris, was fined £1 for dismounting at scales without orders. Selling Rack. Of 20 so vs. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for 30 sova. Seven furlongs. D. M'Lellan's Collich Fraoich, 4 yra, 8st 71b (Carrie) ... ... .„ ... 1 T. Hinton's My Lord, 6yrs, 7st 121b (Wilson) 2 W. Robertson's Truro, 4 yra, 7st (Kilby) ... 3 A Hsqpiire's Eagle, aged, 8st 61b (Ferguson) 0 G. Pyets's Royalty, aged, 7stl21b (Davidson) 0 J. Robertson's M alalia, aged, 7st (Beveridge) 0 W. H. Welsh's Exile, aged, 7st 5u> (Bead) ... 0 Betting : 10 to S Collich Fraoich ; 3 to 1 Truro, Malalla, and My Lord j 4 to 6 to 1 the others. Truro was first away, followed by Mal alla, Collich Fraoich, My Lord, Exile, Eagle, Royalty last Going along the back stretch Collich and My Lord were together, a length in front of Malalla and Truro, the others tailing off Entering the straight Collich went to the front and led the rest of the distance, winning hard held by three lengths, My Lord second, and Truro third ; then came Malalla, Eagle, Exile, Royalty last. The winner was pnt up for. sale, and after some spirited bidding was knocked down to Mr. Kelly at £63, the Club benefit ing to the extent of £38. Time, lmin. 34Jsecs. Pont Race, Of 10 sors. Fourteen hands or under. W»lf a mile. J. Robertson's Poor Van, 2 yra, 6st Tibs (J. Beveridge) 1 3\. Robertson's Odd Stockings, 6 yra, 8st 71bs (Robertson) 2 IV. H. Sandy's Jack, 4 yra, 7st Tibs (A Reidj 0 — . Tomer's Dolly, sged,|8st (Kilby) 0 P. M'Lellan's Toy, aged, 7st (Come) ... 0 T. Bromell's Clara, 3 yra, 7st Tibs (A. Beveridge) 0 T. Bromell's Maid of All Work, aged (Murphy) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Poor Van, 3 to 1 Jack, 4 to 1 Odd Stockings, 5 and 6 to 1 the others. Dolly was first away, then came Odd Stockings and Jack. Entering the straight Poor Van rushed to tbe front, and lei to the finish, winning easily by three lengths, Jack being beaten by a length for third place. Time, 54secs. This brought the day's sport to a snccess fnl termination. 