Ik ppstwr Adelaidb: Saic»day, Augusi 2, 1881. SUBSIDIES TO DISTRICT COUN CILS AND CORPORATIONS. Tbe deputation which waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lauds yesterday to urge that there shall be no reduction in the subsidy to local governing bodies did not throw much light upon the subject, and the reply of the Commissioner was almost if not quite as inconclusive aa were the speeches of the gentlemen who addressed him. The leason is obvioua. The deputation and the Commissioner were looking at the question from oppo site sides. Those representing the local governing bodies say, 'If you take away any part of our subsidy we shall find it im poBsibleto carry out the necessary -work*;' while the Commissioner says, 'If ir impossible that the general' 'Tre^' venue can bear the large and in-1 'creasing .demand. -for! these-: subsidies,— Beth - contentions are * unquestionably correct. -In needs no ghost to tell us that £500 -will not; go_sq..f airas; £600, jabt does. it. need any special knowledge of arithmetic to come to the conclusion that there is a limit to the public revenue. It does not simplify the matter either if we bring in another view of the question— that-urged by. the ratepayers. They say, and in Adelaide they have good warrant for saying, 'We cannot stand any in crease in the rates.' Already. they are exceedingly heavy, and are assessed in such a. way as to be productive of most mischievous results. Nevertheless pend ing a total revision of our system of local government we see no better way out of the difficulty than a gradual reduction of the, subsidy. If that for a time means tfiat the resources of the local governing bodies will be restricted it is to be~re gretted, but we see no help for it Our impression is, however, that this will not be altogether a disadvantage, because it will compel the ratepayers to consider whether the: system of assessing the local rates should not be revised, and whether the cost of local government cannot be materially reduced. . ;We attach but very little importance to the, return showing the total amount paid to local governing bodies which was laid before Tarliament this week. There is another return which would be much more useful and instructive. We mean one that would show the total subsidy to local governing bodies within say ten miles of Adelaide each year for say the last ten years, and if possible the annual Road Board expenditure within the same area for the same period. We fear it would be difficult to get at these figures; but if they could be obtained we jhave no doubt they would- show that, the local expenditure has very largely increased in consequence of the wasteful and unscientific manner in which the area-of-settlement has-been extended. Within the district named enormous sums have gone into the hands of landowners for the increased value given to their land ; the needless extension of the area of settlement increases the expenditure for local 1 oads, and therefbre.of. local govern ment generally, and the greater part of this burden is made- to fall upon the Bhoulders of those who honestly try tojmjrove their^ property. . _The late. Treasurer, whose views on taxation seem to be gradually becoming much clearer, nit the right nail on the head when he said the land tax would be paid by the landowners, while the tenants would have to contribute if more rates were put on by the Corporations to make up for the subsidy. But, in our judgment, he was wrong in his inference. At any rate the most obvious inference is that our local taxation should be assessed on the land only, and not on the land and improve ments. At. present a man who adds to the improvements on hia land is in the position of one who by increasing his business increases all the expenses of working it; whereas, if only the land ?were taxed he would be in the position of a man who finds hia expenses bearing a smaller proportion to his total return as his business increases. Now an owner, ard especially an occupying owner, of a 'block has to think twice before he makes any, further 'improvements. He knows that his assessment and all his rates will be higher.'-- Iff on the contrary, he knew that only hi3 land would be taxed he would be encouraged to make improve ments. He would argue that his land is liable for 'so much. tax- and I the more he can increase his revepue from it by judicious expenditure the 'better, off he will be. Let all the local rating fall on the land and not on hp-^tand -' and 'mprovemente, l and wjfc should soon'find the ugly blank spaces in ?-ur townships put to some4 tide. Tnu is the first and most important change which the local governing bodies should seek to, bring about. '.'?.. ; ' Another matter that ought to be taken in hand without delay is the initiation of legislation to prevent the needless multi plication of townships. Such Corpora tions as St. Peters and Unley will have to incur an enormous outlay in making and maintaining streets during the next few years, and if we are to have a mul tiplication of Corporations, neither the local ratepayers nor the general revenue will be able to meet the requirements. On the other hand, if the streets and drains are allowed to continue in a defective state, and especially if the vacant allotments are permitted as now to be the receptacles of all kinds of rubbish, we may be sure that many of the townships will become hot beds of disease. We believe that, pend ing a re- arrangement of our system of local government, the District Councils. and Corporations will do well to pat up with the inevitable reduction of the grant-in-aid, and to use their united efforts in seeking to bring about an alteration of the laws affecting the methods of assessment. At 'present the entire system favours land speculators, and it is not fair that either the local revenues or the general revenue should be made to contribute largely for their benefit. Let this monstrous anomaly in 'our present system of rating be put an end to, and we see no reason why, as the grant-in-aid is being gradually reduced, the claims of the newer districts may not be specially considered. There might, for instance, be an arrange ment to subsidize in a certain specified proportion the actual cost of forming and 'making new streets and paths; but it would be most impolitic to make such an arrangement bo long aa the inducement is held out, as it now is, for any speculator to lay out a township on paper, with the certainty, of. 'some one else having to pay the cost which will hereafter have to be incurred in; making' the streets. If the local governing bodies will consider the possi bility of reform in these directions, and also in the direction of reducing the needlessly heavy expense of working eome of the Corporations, we believe they will do more good than by opposing a reduction of the grant-in-aid. 