ORDINATION AT CHRIST CHURCH PRO CATHEDRAL. An ordination was held yesterday morning by Bishop Thornton at .Christ Church Pro Cathe dral. Archdeacon.Julius was selected to preach the sermon which commenced the service. He also presented: the candidate, Mr Reginald Hayman, of Moore College, Who .was admitted to deacon’s orders, and will soon be put in charge, under the Bey. C. G. Allanby, in the Wimme'ra district." There was a very large congregation, and the-proceedings thronghont:were of- an -im- : pressive character. The archdeacon selected for his test St. John’s.Goßpelji,, .part of 23, “I am -the-voice of one crying in- the wilderness.” A prophecy was often not so much a prediction as the enunciation of a principle. Seven hun dred years,before- John quoted-these words, they had been uttered -byisaiah, and; though; primarily referring to the restoration of the Jews to their own land, yet the principle held in respeot to .the forerunner of the Christ. The world was essentially corrupt and hastening to decay at the time that John appeared. What little religion there was seemed- to share in the general dissolution of society and loosen ing of moral ties. Gloom and hopelessness, the gloom of sin and hopelessness of despair had settled down on the world when the. appear ance and 'mission: of the Baptist heralded the ■bright “ morning star”—the -Christ that was to Be. John the Baptist’s brief osreer of one year's duration was an eminently successful career, albeitithe executioner’s axe stilled his Voiced It was cot, indeed, given to the Baptist to see the result of his labours. The seed of the kingdom does not always, or indeed often, show the blade, much less the full corn during the lifetime of the sower. Ifcwas- because John’s career offered such pregnant lessons for all,. Euch encouraging example to their young brother about to be ordained that-he, the arohdeacon, had ohosen John and his mission as the topic for considera tion. John had many qualifications for his high office. In the first place, above all other quali fications he waß filled with the Holy , Ghost. This it was that made him an- effective fore runner of Christ. A man may have all the powers of mind, intellect, and body, neoossary for his high calling, thecallingof a minister of-Christ, but unless he has with, and permeating through all these qualities, the further, the Heavenly gift of the Holy Ghost, his career would be a failure. John the Baptist had a lengthened training. Although he had but one year’s active ministry, there had been 30 years of preparation for that one year of work. Did the training seem dis proportionate to the result achieved I By no means. A dead and dying world was in that short space of time aroused, and the way was indeed made straight fdr the Lord. To this end John had led his lonely life in the desert. He was, however, no mere ascetic, devoid of human sympathies. He was indeed a man .not a phantom. Sydney Smith once said that there were throe sexes— men, women, and clergy. This witty saying, never the exact truth, was less true * at the pre sent .moment than ever before. The clergy had begun to realise that to reach men’s hearts, to fulfil their mission, they must understand and sympathise with - the trial, the work, the joy of human life. John had another qualification—a deep knowledge of three books, the Book of God (the ancient Jewish Scriptures), the book of nature, and the book of his own heart. He studied the scriptures of the time, not technically as a mere student, but so that they entered into the •very marrow of his being, and became, indeed, bone of .his bone and flesh of his flesh. The second great book was that of God s work in •nature .around him —the rocks, the desert, the starry heavens; all these —abstracted as John was from theminor petty cares of life—bore in wards to his soul with overpowering fulness the thoughts of God. The last great book was the heart within him. There, in its deep and holy recesses,.-filled as he was with the Holy Spirit, he acquired such self knowledge .and Divine knowledge, and thence suoh power over other -souls as rendered him the fitting herald of a coming -Saviour. -Yet another qualification, John was called of God. - He-obeyed the call cot knowing nor indeed caring where it led so only it should be ofi God. This was an essential point for a Christian minister, to be called of God. -Bitiable indeed iB that man’s condition who looks at the sacred ministry as a mere pro fession, a-bsead and butter getting occupation, scanty indeed as that is often, or who for any ! motive -lower than love to Christ and Ito• mm Jor assumed such awful functions. Jo . these days of trial, of doubt, of- uocertitudo, one often lost heart, appalled alike -at the difficulties of ones task and powerlessness ef discharging, it. To. comfort, to .counsel, to sympathise with, and to lead so macy. otsiich vaned powers and experi ence in life audio the Christian..life .especially, was a heavy task almost .insupportable if one did not recsUeot : ihat, .being called, of God, His Almighty power worked ,in and through him; In this lies a great comfort for the faithful Christian .minister. In another way John was a striking example rfor .ministers. He was a voice, a channel of-Gotfe power. He never obtruded his personality. .He was content only to b# a means if Graoemntil the voice was silent in death.- His self abnegation should be .the aim of Christ’s ministers. The voice should lead to Christ, that goal reached;, its mission Mens sofar ended. In these -days the temptations were many and snbtle, awaiting the -j/Q'.ceatf Chrißt Things good in thsmslves, and necessary even’ in 1 a subordinate' degiee,joften blocked the • wav to Christ if exalted out .of .their duo prupor tion Bites, ceremonies, eloquence,personal ascen dency “u these-were temptations, the mere danuerona because having “a soul of goodness, to rest short of the -one goal for humanity, fjio Pbrist of God The Archdeacon then entreated The congregation, to aid the cewlv called minister hj their prayers- They ' We 7 nbt to look on at the ordmaUon aa mere .were n nhrietian^rethreo^naous^ lor ,-™ r Lu-va and effective discourse. 