.IN TlE BA3S8ER'8 SHOP, "I haro gathored-aposio of other men's flowers', and nothing but the thread that binds them is my own."'~-MoiTA~L. , ' I wA8'' awre last week, until it was S too late to iitilise the information, that mv " bossesa " had made up their minds to publish earlier: than usual this week- that is to say, the. present number of this paper will 'be issuedion. the .morning of. Xmas Uay, whichi is two days in advance of the usual: time of ,publication. ':ThiA is to be bone, I; ufderstanid, so thait tlie.propribtors and their empliolyds may have three clear days' holiday ;A. very good and. sufficient reason, ard. one with . which I heartily, sympathise. .But had I known their'in tention soonern , I . certiily. shoiduld 'have postponed until now offering you my usual Chritmase good-wishes. Still, Idon'c think it will be superfhlous for me to hope that betWeenhogF andthen nothing has happened to i'ar your prosp;ect; of'.havig 'a good time, to-day., : ; AAnd. his, alteration in the publishing day necessitates my finishing.up the 'com plimentis pofthe' season ", somewhat e'arlier thban iustomnary. We':are still seven days. off thie commencement of the N~ew. Year ; but as this is.the last " posie " you'll get from me in1894, emoibrace the opportunity to zexpress my, sincere hope that.one and all.of my readers may have ::. And~ Ii ask-them, in'return, to wish me the same. The prospects of its continuing happy all through--.that isi: so far as munieipal: matters are concerned- isn't, I'm sorry. to: say, very encouraging; but :Ill e'en hope against hope for the best, and trust, withMr Micawher,: that 'something will turn up 't o .chaseoaway the lowering cloud that now hangs- over municipal Prahraiin, and make.:the year more har monious than:at present it promises to bh. T :'h st. Kilda Cemietery ghdst s'divi!vte Some foolish'fellbw has been:for some time past frightening innoient :and nervous people by masquerading in a way which indtces people to speak of him as "the gliot.'.' 1 think, it's'foolish'to .do so, ibe cause he's no more a ghost than you or I. He'? reial -fleslh 'isid blood!, you bet i and whit's. miore' he's an, arrant coward. iA gh'ot wouldn't:rtiun away in: fear from men witlih sticks in their hands and only put in aii ~pplearance to terrify women and child reni Oh' :'dear no ! . Sticks and stones, anhd even: letbal - weapons,: could- do the genuine article no harm.- It's only the msakle-beliene that fails topuot in an appear anqe ; -keeps at-a respectful distance from " men "--when he knows that he's being waited for, and if found would be deservedly chistised. "I -sincerely hope that he will be caught, and; if caught, thrashed within an inch of his life. - It' sskeinitl~at several parties have gone out for th'e'purpose of catching him; but I fear tleir putnpose has leaked out- before hand: 'At any riate, theyli'ef i~d't<'come across the ghost! Soime of.them;,'hiowevor, it seems have: fallen ito more prosaenic hands'. .A'poifceinman, who appears tb have acted" with ioor'e ,eal :than' discretion, arrest~ed two'oung 'men who had gone out to' 'l ]y: ' his gh~st, 'and baled theom:to the Police Cdurt' do' Tuesday. One of the offenders-I use the.word'"offenrder" in the plolice interpretation 'of the word at?iually had; a whip in his hand' anid the otlieir a gridklt batl B~uft surely it isn't unlabiful t' carry such articles as these, 'eved ii' "the 'publib street ?P" 'This' 'dueu: of offeide'esv'ouli' have lbhe; amdr'a &oinplete; bhad the're bheeiiathird,' car srying a cricket ball, with which he proposed to bowl out thle giost I l Really, I can't help thinking tlat the polic. have goe. peirlously near mapiing aiss6b of themselves over' this mat' tqr, and allht he. miagisr'ateis hbwoed good sense in dismislsag the casies. , Pileaty of my, customers have assured me that thie (assumed) gho'st is a reality. But, no o oof them, when I put the qiestion.directi iy, " Have you seen it?" can say that he has; yet all know:some body who was told by somebody else that ar friend.of his aseured him he had seen it? Now, I won t go so far as to say that 'there's absolutely no ground for the ex citemenut. that has.been caused 'by thit puipppstlilo?e ghost; but I 'do believe that the.greit bulk of, what we hear about, it would,,jf.bloronughly sifted, enid in quite a: little fobiudation 'fo lh6' suiperstructurr 'builb.tip a~those two cats in the gardet vhick h wereo.migoified by. the small, boy' imaigiiation into a thousaind . + Ssee.ibt statted that" oe Olde ngisnahe 'mas land .Shaksperian Show :" recently held iknthe Melbourne. Town Hall, with tlh? view of. reducing the debt on Trinity •Church, Balaclava, will entail a.; monetary loss. .Ind some respects this, if true, is to be regretted; but should the result be to compel a return to more legitimate means of clearing off church debts,. why then I venture to,think the loss will; be iq reality |a-gain; • :. . . . : . : '."' oi'ten,in readinog poice repiorI, cou.? across cases in whichpersona are: indicted for keeping !what are , euphemisticaflly described :as "disorderly.'' houses-which, being ,tranelated-: into plain English, 'means " brothels." And:, it'si not an un trequent :wind-up of. such roports, that ',the n'acusewi was remanaed for seven dt/yb,. bail being, allowed., to give: her a chaice or' clearing out of ,the neighboul hood.'" U.N,w, doli'i you thinlt thie a inmoast lame:and inplotelt maioaterial conolusion ? What doea it really rivolve.? .implv,ithat Sa broth'el is eshut:.up).iin one locality anid tpeuedi ill r!Ljther.' n~I:the.Kep~clflgt !~ql:SU htjueeB isi a legal oifeiule, then,, .I wayi· when ce omtnieaion· a it~ ia~fnlly p~roved, le~thib lirsvided puiiilitnlent be· irtlicted.; Now, -pufrllhmellr, elin a prowice to ·clear out., 18 simply~gtravestie .oi'.uatice. Powbibly the Melbdurae tnagiatrates,when they ¶lecide in this way,; cdkheider that th'e drivinglof thesee Women: into the suburbs isu't for them (tthe: mgistratec);tq bother their.'ad£ ,boumt,,t: But then'reSidents in the! euburb6s don:t think so; .They object to be made the receptacle of :Melbourne'sa moral filth. 'hileyve? quitt o enough ~of thei. own to deal with? T¶Le action of these magistrateq rmiznd4 me of a story read many years ago con derniing Dr Johnson-4the dictionary- maker. Walking: in a friend's garden, in which there where a good many large :shelled shails, the good old Church and Tory Doctor gathered them up one, by one, and threw them over the- wall into:the next garden. A friend Who: was with him ventured to suggest that so doing was scarcely a neigh hourly action.. .Replied...the Doctor " Probably not:; but.the person next door's a Radical and a Dissenter." And I think the old Docto'r had .ghite as much right, ond no more, to.cast, his snails* over that wall as Melbourn' J"iatiices have tdo giire the keepers of. diso?derly hoises time, aid , plaiuanbificatio to cleir o f the city into the suburbs) Let. 'erythiig possible be dont to suppross tlihe social edvil, bit this much-.to-be:desired end mustn'tlie achieved by driving it from the city to the suburbs. :l iread an advertisement the othe daylin a newspaper which said, " With this hum· ber is presented two,. eupplements; price,' Is.". Now, the.ordinary charge for that paper: is 6d. :;For. the life of me I can't see where :theeresented comesin l.. Can you. CnuIsTnors Eyn. By way of P.S..let me tell you that I'm much pleased .with the way in which, up to the present time, .you've responded to my appeal for help towards Dr Campbell's Tobacco Fund. In "cash and kind " I'v got nearly £1.: I.:most heartily thank those who have contributed, and,'in antici pation; those who, are going to.contribute. 