€rfiS&Iu;&L; SSWSi St. Patrick's Day. THE BANQUET. The annual banquet in celebration, ot St. Patrick's Day vma held on Monday evening at the new Masonic Hall, Casueroagh-street. There were nearly 200 gentlemen present, and a number of ladies were in ths gallery. The chair was occupied, by Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.L.A., on whose right wera the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Hardie) and Mr. H. Copeland, M.L.A., Una on muo icn. we uuui vjt» a». uiwtn ami oir tftmu Robertson. Among the other gentlemen present were Sir Patrick Jennings, M.L.A. ; Mr. G. C. Loughnan, M.L.A. ; Sir. T. Dalton,'M.L.A. ; Mr. T. C. O'Mara, M.L.A. ; Mr. W. T. Coonan, M.L.A. ; Mr. H. L. Levien, M.L.A. ; Mr. 3\. B. OJliffe, M.L.A. ; Mr. B. Batcher, M.L.A. ; Messrs. J. Higgins, J. Q. O'Connor, Dr. Goode, Alderman M'Mahon, Alderman J. G. Young, Alderman Hart, Dr. Fitzpatrick, Messrs. J. Thompson, F. J. M'Carthy, R. A. Price, F. Hogan, Alderman T. J. Murray, Messrs. J. Boland, T. Butler, £. J. Hollingdale, L. Foley, J. D. Fitzgerald, T. H. Matthews, Dr. Chine, Dr. Power, Messrs. F. B. Free bill, P. Sheridan, £. O'Farrell, H. Daly, J. Baxter,. A. FarreU, E. Sheridan, J. G. O'Eyan, J. W. Walshe, C. Moore, and F. J. Riley. . Apologies for non- attendance were received from the Eon. Ar Stuart, the Hon. E. Barton, the Hon. F. A. Wright, his Honor Jndge Faucett, his Honor Judge Xnnes, bis Honor Judge Windeyer, and Mr. J. Toohey, who was absent through illness. The banquet, provided by the Com pagnoni Catering Company^ was all that could be desired. The usual loyal toasts were proposed by the Chairman, and honoured with enthusiasm. The.CHAiEMAN then proposed the toast of the evening, 11 The day we celebrate,' in the following terms: — Gentlemen,— In submitting to you the toast of ' The day we celebrate,' £ feel how much I fall short of the qualities requisite to the responsibility I have undertaken. (No, no.) In fact, I cannot but think that the gentlemen who honoured me by inviting me to preside this evening, were 80 imbued with the spirit of the artist that they con sidered that the brilliancy of the speeches to be made by the various orators this evening would stand out in bolder relief and with greater effect under the presidency of an ordinary matter-of-fact kind of chairman, who Is especially lacking in the poetic qualities and graces of speech that should more fittingly adorn the position I occupy to night. (No, no, and cheers.) And great as are my natural disqualifications for the position, I must crave your special indulgence this evening, for, instead of ooming to the post in sporting parlance fit as a fiddle, I regret to Bay I am entirely out of . condition. I have not been well for some days past, and it caused me considerable anxiety lest, after promising, I should be unable to .preside this evening. But I deemed it a sacred duty to come, even if I were only able to submit to - you the toast without any effort at a speech. (Cheers.) For, gentlemen, it requires no powers of oratory to proclaim to the world that the object of our meeting is the noblest asd holiestr- (Cheers.) 'Tie to keep alive the spirit of true patriotism— the undying love of country— a theme that in all ages and in every clime has woa tributes of praise from the greatest minds of every nation. ? (Cheers.) Politics as well as polemics have never found a 'home at any of these annual gatherings, for no matter whether you be Whig or Tory, Liberal or Conservative, supporter ot Government or of Opposition, your susceptibilities will not be offended here to-night. (Hear, hear.) And as for matters theological— ' Come, send round the win', and leave points of belief lo simpleton 6ages and reasoning foola ; This moment's a flower too fair and sweet To be withered and stained by the dust of the schools. Your glass may be purple, and mine may be blue, But since they are filled from the same bright bowl, The fool who woulij quarrel for difference of hue Deserves not the comfort they shed o'er the soul.' (Cheers.) Need I say that these few lines from our im mortal Tom Moore speak the sentiments, not alone lip uttered, but heartfelt, of the great majority of Irishmen and their descendants in New South Wales. (Cheers.) Before a meeting such as this, representative in the num bers, the position, and the character of those gathered at this festive board, the mere mention of illustrious names known to every reader of, Irish history— names known to every Irishman from Dublin to Connemara, from Cork to Donegal— raises np a hallowed form whose every act and aspiration during life are now as gospels guiding their countrymen. (Cheers.) Whatever may be the Irishman's faults of character no one can justly accuse him of ingratitude to those who devoted themselves to the cause of their country. Mention any one of the long list of gallant names associ ated with the struggles for Irish freedom, mention any one of them to the humblest peasant in his cot, to the work nan at his labour, and you will be greeted with a blessing. ' Far dearer the grave or the prison Illumined by one patriot name ? Than the trophies of all who have risen On liberty's ruins to fame.' (Cheers.) If to-night I were to take but one name from the long and lustrous roll of great Irishmen, Grattan, Curran, or O'Connell, Wolfe Tone, or .Robert Emmstt, Bichard Brinsley Sheridan, or the great Edmund Burke, xom Moore, Davis, Clarence Mangan, or M'Gee— (cheers) '-from any one of those, or scores more who new Bleep with the silent dead, a mere recapitulation of the name, acts, and motives of his life would teach a lesson of wisdom and virtue. (Hear, hear.) It is at the graves of the silent Head, by the ashee of . the great departed, those silu fcry lessons are best taught, for it has been truly said by a great Irishman, that for one wrong redressed, one grievance removed by the living hero, fifty are swept away by the continuous application of the principles he upheld, and the spirit which he fostered and inspired. (Cheers.) Let us, then, on this annual com memoration sacredly yet joyously approach the resting place of the great -dead, and drink inspiration and encra- ' regement from the lessons their lives teach :— ' Sow sleep the brave who sink to rest, By all their country's wishes blest, W ben Spring with dewy Angers oold Returns to deck her hallowed mould, She there shall drees a sweeter sod Than Fancy's feet have ever trod. By fairy hands their knell is rung. By forms unseen their dirge is song, There Honour comes a pilgrim grey To bless the turf that wraps their clav, And Freedom shall awhile repair, To-dwell a weeping hermit there.' ([Cheers.) That Ireland laboured under many grievances in the past, that she labours under some to-day, no intel ligent personwill question, and if it were deemed necessary of proof I could quote from the greatest of living English men in support ; and though the solution of Ireland's diffi culties may appear, to some superficial thinkers as a* matter of the simplest procedure— almost as simple as the passing of a perfect Land Bill— (laughter) —or even a wisely-conceived property tax— (laugh- ter) -yet even those simple things require some thought and long and careful consideration. (Heai, near.) So also with granting further needed legislation to Ireland. ? 1 am hopeful that the neat future will bring the realisation of the most a^nuine patriot's deaire. (Cheers.) 1 have been gratified from time to time to read the friendly utterances and writings of great Englishmen when tilling with Irish matters. But amongst them all there was nothing gave me greater pleasure than to find that the great vt. Charles Badham, so lately laid in an honoured grave, Whose culture, whose vast and varied learning, left Tiinr almost without a rival in the British dominions, 'had shown as one of the results of bis great knowledge a keen sym pathy with Ireland.^ (Cheere.) In a short poem addressed ev him to Irishmen he says :— ' Be reason's sovereign word The only weapon of vour countless throngs, Swell loud the diapason of yonr right, ? tor justice pealing from the thousand tongues Is as a trumpet of the Lord of Hosts. - , The strongholds of the proud without a thrust Fall flat before it, while the dust \- Mounts from. the crumbled lowers, like their departing ghosts.' (Chef rs.) In another part it might almost be deemed pro fftetic of the present-day :— . ' H.Erin, thy birthright were other than queenly, It dull were thy mind as ignoble thy. woes, No power had fortune to rack thee so keenly By mocking and marring what nature bestows. ' O, towered with gifts as the darling of heaven, . Made rich but to spoil, and made fair to betray ; But the hour is appointed, the champion is given, The dark spell that binds thee shall vanish a way. . ' The sound of one voice all thy thousands shall rally, No threat shall they utter, no sword shall they draw ; March, march to your triumph, while peace in her valley Keposes serene in the shelter of law.' (Cheers.) And now one word to onlookers at Irish move ments. Do not condemn u whole nuty because some who profess to belong to it are guilty, 'not alone of misconduct, but of gross crimes ; for an Irish party is no more free from villainous hangera-on than similar parties in other ooun triee. (Hear, hear.) The great historian aud essayist, I»rd Macaulay, says:— 'A party has its sutlers and campfpllowere as well as its soldiers. In its progress it collects round it a vast retinue composed of people who thrive by ita custom, or are amused by its display, who may be sometimes reckoned in an ostentatious enumeration as forming part of it, but who give no aid to its operations, and take but a languid interest in its success ; who relax its discipline and dishonour its flag by their irregularities, and who after a disaster are perfectly ready to cut the throats and rifle the baggage of their companions.' The great Irish party of to-day has its sutlers and camp followers, but it has also its chivalrous and brave soldiers— (cheers)— and whilst abstaining from discussing their individual merits we can rest satisfied that history will repeat itself, and '' that when the final record is written many of them will occupy Whilst thus annually reviving the memory of illustrious poets and orators, scholars, statesmen, and soldiers, we will learn to apply the noblest lessons their lives inculcate to the advancement of this, the country, either by choice, or by birth, of us all ; and in so doing, Australia will bless the annual commemoration that teaches euch beautiful, yet practical, lessons of public virtue. (Continued cheering.) Mr. J. G. O'EiANproposedthe toast of ' The Ministry.' Mr. Dikbs, who was received with cheers, responded. Mr. T. B. Feeehill proposed ' The Parliament.' (.Cheers.) Sir John Rokertson and Mr. Copeland responded. The remaining tcasts were ' The Mayor and Aldermen,' 'Ihe Land we live in.' 'The Press,' 'The Ladies,' and ' The Chairman,' all of which were duly proposed imd appropriately responded to. 