PlafATraDAY, AP0P8T 30, 188i lOgfe JEi«am**B.-Mr. B.C. Stanley. BaUirays. occ itopunied by _j^ffle,9buuffer, Mr.McKean, i Warwick «o Wednesday last, sand IJtAj&oa; Yale by special train on rtnoming at an early -hoar. W«{ are ^ Stti*t tbe«hieFs business wag in ixin ftionwiththe second Section of the Kijlar rllne. j .Walla*< ALLAH.-Private lettera ro r . I fleotUnd by (hs mil! dellvefep in litfwtflk oi Monday last state that Mr. Wm. iiandiMip, Allan when to bave left Bug . lor'Australia on thsHUt Joly^-tbdr do irthaving beett "hastened by the dlstr 'Hii'wt of the death of their two little onee nttaaome Hmiago. They bad taken igeby the new Zealand 8. S. po.'« fend ms& be'expected to ifeach bj-ftefceginninr of Ootober.. ~ or M*it.-From the announcements ^^^Infar bhflfiea opljanrtOJlay it 'Wfeen thai tbe "bnlobere ol Warwick decided upon a etill further inoreafe in prioe of beef.;: Th* reason giren-for the tb6 ic&rtsity; of fat catlle, whloh we ?dbave of late only been .obtainable tfibine jrarda or in the Western die . 'iHousekoepera Are not at all pleased at ' Jtif the butchers, which WM (juite .J.. Verily the late draught his a .tdeal toaasnpr for. W*MKBr.-During the early part of {Mi0 <preaent weekly the temperature was on ly «at«n even for the present very taild and coming after the biting westerly SB!* /Of the preceding week the change waa .IWy ^pronounced. A change occurred on -^ftVedneeday night, and Thursday broke cloudy ^threatening. During the afternoon light under showers fell at intervals, bat the Quantity regialered in town was barely suffi foSjWt.tolay the dost. Much heavier rain ?)appa»re<l to ^e falling in the neighborhood of -,J'Xfll*rnByand al<rag the foot of the Hange Jjhnttids Upper Swan Creok. ^::>.itoliTitrrv ikonost STOCK - We hear 1% "from various parts of the diatriot Of aeflous ^V-losses of staek, principally cattle and sheep, ft? «attsed by the initnaU partaking ton ftecly Slfe-rfW clover (or trefoil) whloh bas sprung up $£' "to auch abundance daring the 'past few j|Sv'; months. It is to be found everywhere-even tho highways and byways. Block cooling S'J" jfrpm' districts where it is unknown eat it Sj^jgfeediiy, the stomach quickly beoomea ?^;<v'(jharg6il wltb gas, and, unless tspped, rupture 4;the intestines follows and death ensues. Si*r-'in Mine cases within oar knowledge tapping K.? lias been.reaarfed to with suooess, the inscru «J'5iie|et Used beinga common butoher's knife. 4*D Fionniti Cbkxes A. AND H. _ 6OW*tt.-A meeting of the above Society was at the residence of Mr. Gross, Freestone, p'Sv. oh'the E3rd inst., Mr. J. T. Wilson presiding. SflfeiHse minutes having been confirmed, the fol P|S:f|owing gentlemen were elected office-bearers lite onrrent year, vlr:-President-The Wm. Miles; Treasurer-J. C. Ryan, ; Committee-Messra. John Ooll, James P-Jt'Mahon, Thomas Phelan, J. A. C. Kirke* J' O'Dempney, B. Hughes, Goorge Witlet, P. Hagenbaoh, Cbarles larsen, T. W. L. Palmer, and J. T. Wilson, oomtnittoe empowered tbe trustees (vie., jUbs Ctmirumn find Messrs. T. M'Gabun icd )p. vMagenbacli)l to borrow funds to fence in Jktt 4how grounds, crcct SUIIb, SC., and they, '(vitbthe working committee, are to meet at ? Vr.3 . T. Wilson's reaidenoe on Batanlay, the jflOrtiInatsirit Several nmtters In conwtioh .the Soolely.werP dlpcupsod, after .hicb iht ineotlng adjourned. , Nsw MAGISTRATE.-Mr. John M. McDonald, of Fraser'» Creek, Leyburn, hns been appoin ted a magistrate of the territory of Queens land. IT ,, PAINTING ON SATIN.-The full list of prizes awarded at the recent Iinhbam1 Exhibition was not correctly giren in any of the Brisbane papers, nod it is owing1 to tliis fiict that wo have up to the present omitted to chronicle the prise awarded to Miss Zoe Pollard, ot Warwick," for an exhibit of painting on rutin. Miss Pollard wan awarded first honors far a Very beautiful piece of work, as natural in design ae it was faultless in execution. With in a wreath of flowers and foliage, a river scene is depicted- To the uninitiated satin would seein (o be a most difficult material on which to produce a faithful picture ; hut, be this us it may, every detail of Miss l'ollurd's work is wonderfully correct-theplacid water, the gross-covered hesdlnnds the reedy banks, nnd the blue mountains in the dim distance ire pourtrayed with surprising truthfulness; and the work as a whole does infinite credit to the.fair young artist, whp is to be congra tulated apon herCuocoBs. THE Niw LAND Bili..-A well attended meeting or the farmers of this district was held in the Warwick Town Hall on Wednes day afternoon last for the purpose of consider ing the provisions of the Land Bill now be fore Parliament, and emhodying the views of the meeting in the form of resolutions for transmission to the members for the town nnd district .The Eev. J. J. Horan was voted to the chair. .Representative farmers from most of the agricultural centres were present, and appeared to take a hearty interest in tbe proceeding*, which occupied several hours. Four resolutions were passed, dealing with tbe agricultural clauses of the bill. As many of the farmers had to leave shortly before 6 o'clock in order to catch the Killarney train, it was decided to adjourn the meeting till Saturday (this) afternoon at 2 o'clock, when tbe remaining clauses of the measure will be discussed. In the meantime we have been requested to defer publication of the resolu tions udopted.on Wednesday. WARWICK Tput CLUB -Hje adjourned annual meeting of members was held at the Qneon's .Hotel pn-Monday last, the President (J. HorWc, few}.', M.t.A.) in the cha'r. ' Fbe minutes of tbe previous meeting were con firmed. The balance sheets were read, from which it was showti that there was ft liability of £257 6s 8d, 'against which there was the property and improvements. The Chairman explained the balance sheets, and considered the club WM iio' jt very good position J' thejf had a "splendid-property, and improvements and cultivation on the ground, and there was bnt a small amount owing. On tbe motion of Mr. Baker arid Mr. Hudson, the balance, sheets were adopted. Tbe following officers were elected for the ensuing year i-IVtrfdeni -J. Horwiu,'£eq., M.L.i. i Viec-PraiftHt^ -Messrs! W. Allan i and f. D. Maoapeh J Qemmittte-Messrs. C. Baker, J. D. Smith, A. I Evans, K. HuUiiEbn, f.: Hudson, O. B. Dines, E. IB. A. Cowton', J. 'D. i Macansb, junf., and T. Roes; Auditors Messrs. W. D. Wilson and A. Morgan. This . concluded the business of the general meeting and "a committee meeting was held. Tbe number of stewards was fixed at six and tho followiagpSce-btaien werechoaen. Slewarit -MeMfs. C. Baker, 'J. D. smith, A- Evans, F. Hudson, E. Morgan, and J. D. Macnnsh ; Secretary-Mr. J. H. Dunlop ; Tretuuref Mr. J. It. Boss; Judge-Mr. K. HutehUou ; fftarterplfr/i&.Bakffc- . A*ote of thanks to I the pcetid^nt o6ncloded theproijeedings. Lectdbe.-Tbe Ber. J.C. Warner delivered j his promised lecture on " Westminster Abbey and its associations" in tbe Town Hall on j Wednesday evening. The lecture was de livered in aid of the local School of Arts, and there was a good attendance. Mr. J. A. Canny occupied the chair, and luring explained tbe abience of the president and vice-presidents,. said tbe subject which the lecturer had chosen was a very fine one, and he felt sure it would be treated in an eloquent manner. Mr. Warner profaned bis lecture by remarking tbAt the ffa&taetorof; the subject bad .caused him much' anxiety, and he had had great diffi culty in .choosing from the mass of informa tion available. The great difficulty had been tb'ddoiSe, not what to say, but what not to say. Upon the branches of the subject which be would be obliged to leave untouched hiB hearers must enquire for thomeelrps. Just «s the Pyramids 'enfomVifrd the memories of a lonu line of historic kings of whom poets and historians had sung and written for ages, eo the Abbey contained the remains of those whom the English nation cherished most dearly. As a national monument it was with out a rival or peer. It stood like a calm bay amid tbe ever-beaving sen of life around it; without there was ithe ceaseless bum of the city which wes the heart from .which tbe life of the nation radiated, within you found yourself in tbe presence of the mighty dead of ages. The lecturer referred at length to the early legendary history of the Abbey, and then touched upon the joronation "of tbu dif ferent sovereigns down to tbe time of Mary, whose execution was descrihed in the mourn ful language of Aytoun. A considerable amount of attention was boe towed upon the ceremonies in connection with the coronation, in 1838, of Queen Yictorin, the " last and best of England's queens j" and then the lecturer, after describinglhfe appearance and recount ing the history of the Coronation Stone, con ducted his hearers within the building, where rest the great men of the nation-their work done, tbeir stories told. From this point tbe lecture became deeply interesting, and Mr. Warner was 'frequently applauded in a very hearty manner as he told in brief but eloquent language tbe storleB of the lives of Watson and Kempenfelt, Pitt and Fox, Wilberforce and Pcahody; of Macaulay, Thackeray, and Dickens; Spencer. Milton, and Shnkcspenre; of Lyell, Hunter, and Newton, Livingstone, Franklin, and Others whom a nation has | honored in death by pliicjng their remains within tbe walls which hare beard the denun ciations of Borne, tbe anathemas of Puritan. ism, tt# trail of Cranmer, and tbe Bhouts of applause which greeted Burnett's prjphecy of the glory of the Dutch monarch's reign. The Abbey had been shaken by earthquakes, damaged by fire, assaulted by infuriated mobs, and rifled of its treasures by thieves ; it had witnessed murders, and was tho re Fated home of ghosts and upparitions. But it still remained the shrine of their national history, where Englishmen might, learn that ujjat they were had made them what they are. At the close of tho lecture a voto of (hanks to th» Rev. Mr. Warnor was moved by Mr. W. 1). WIISOB, seconded by Mr. A. Mor jranand curried with exclamation. Mr. 'Warmer having replied, moved a similar coin i plimcnt to tho Chairman, which Mr. "Canny I Acknowledged, and the proceedings terminated Huilhino SOCIETY No. 2.-A. genoral moot ing of mcmbors will bo held in tho C>urt House 0:1 Thurndny evening next, nt 7"30, for the purpose of electing offioors. Kastkkn Downs II. AND A. ASSOCIATION. A special general meeting is convened for Thursday ufteinoon next, 4tli prox., at 4 o'clock, to elect a vico- prcHidunt in room of \V. 13. .Sladc, Esq. i and to coosider a new rule, And tho advisability of holding a ilower show in XovcrnK>r. ODJ> FklI/OWn* Ha.vquct.-The members of tlie' Loyal Uo^e of Warwick lodge of Odd Follows entertained one of their nnmbor, ttro. W NVightman, Financial SccretAry, at a banquet on Thursday evening, prior to his departures for Stanthorpo to assume tbe du ties of lino repairer, to which office Jut has just been Appointed ljy the Po8tmnstcr-Geni>* ral. The banquet was held in the Odd Fol* lows* Hall, -und wa« attended by a largo nutn* bcr of the morahcrj of tho Hose, many mem* bers of the Star lodge, and several visitors, amongst whom we noticed tho Veil. Arch* dcocon MtUhews, Messrs. W. Wallace, and R. A. Cowton. At nbout 8 o'clock the com pany sat down to a capital spread, prepared by Mr. Canning we.believe ; distributed nmongst tho good things on the table were a number of choice pot plantB. The chair was occupied by Mr. Andrew Canning, N.G. of tho Rose, having on his right the guest of the evening, and on his left Past Grand Master Sterne ; the vice>ohair was filled by Mr. Allan Thome, V.G. The play of knife and fork having censed, and the loyal toasts honored, (he Chairman proposed tho health of ''Our Guest" in very warm 'arms. Ho spoke of Bro. Wiphtman as one who had worked most zealously for the causo of odd fellowship, And said that it was mainly owing to his exertions as Financial Secrotaiy of the Hosn that that lodge occupied tho very strong position it dU. On behalf of the members of buth lodges he wished their guest every success in his now sphere of duty, and he folfc 6ure (hoy would nil join in tho hopo th\t it woiild not be long before bo WAS hack amoigsfc them again. In conclusion, it was liis p'eusing duty to present Hro. Wiphtman with a watch and chain as a mark of the osWctn in which he is held by those with Whom' he wan about to take leave. [The watch bore tbo following inscription; Presented to Bro. \V. NVightman, P.O., by the Members of the Itose of \Varwiok Lodge* M.XT.I.O.O.F, fit esteem. August 28, Mr. wlghtman acknowledged tho toast ittd presentation at come length- He said thbt, like most peoplo similarly situated, be fplt at a lews for words to convey his feel ings. " Hjd vat bf bourse proud to know they considered him worthy of such favor, but was not conscious of having dune anything more than his duty. He thanked them most hear* ttty-for.theirfxpressions of good will, aud lor tibtfMiindsoiae.gtftj Wwph he would retmn during life and hand down to those who came after him. (Applause), Ho concluded by proposing tbe " Manchester Unity," to which P.GKM.ffiterne reepouded in a spcech warmly .eulbgisti^ of the priucipleB upon which odd* fellowship is conducted. Mr. Cowton pro* posed the " Local Lodges," aud Messrs. Gorry, Ksm&tf;, ajid Baker responded, Seve ral other toasts werfe Also houorcd. Iuro* sponse to the toast of hie health, the Chair man said as N.G. .of <he Uoso he folt the lctdge was lflliiig one of the best officers it had over had. v Song* wcro rendered between toasts, and a very pleasant e\\*e::ing spent, the company separating about midnight. 