A Witness for the Defence* IN THREE XUAPTEIta.— CHAPXTIR H, When I got back to town/tha sMBions wero only a wcsk of; so tho lirst thing I did was to oo.ll on the solicitor in chargo of my mur der 0530, in order to learn from him how it stood, and to tako it off his hands. Tha magistrate, of course, had sent the pjisonsr for trial. Wher. I cauio to read tho deposi tions, the caso a;;aiost him seemed perfectly simple, and aa conclusive an circumstantial evidonca could mako it. The crime had not occurred to long ago but that a dilifient search had unearthed several witnesses. Tho ser vant-girl, who h.id now become tho wife of a dairyman in the immediate neighborhood, was found. She proved tho ba.l conduct of young Harden, and the ill-will which gradually grow up between him and hor former mistress. Sho also spoke to his ejectment from tho house on the day of the murder, and to his threats at tho street; door. She swore to the knife, which had been in the possession of the police ever since, as having belonged to the prisoner. Thero wore other witnesses to tho same facts ; and the landlord, my cliont, and Kovoral oihera, proved the flourishing of tho identical knife and the ominous words in the public-house. To complete the chain, the man who hud instructed nte provod the iind iu,; of tho kniio in the room where the mur der was committed; and two or three wit nease. reuicunbored beiug by his side and seeing him stoop down and pick it up. These, with thu liual facts of his midden diaappear anoo and chauges of name, appeared both to mo and to wy friend to be capable of being spun into a rope quito strong enough to swing John Harden out of the world. ; " But," said my solicitor-friend, " the queer est thing of all ia that no one is going to ap pear for tho prisoner." "No one to appear for him ? " " No one. Young Elkin holds a watching brief on behalf of prisonor'a ma3ter, und that is all. Ha said Harden had been in Mr. Slo euu-'o —that's . hia master—servico for over seven years, behaving oxtremoly well all the time. Ho was invaluable to his old master, who is something of an invalid. Ho had turnad religious, and was disgusted at his for mer wicked life." "', "But I suppose he has money—or, at any rate, if Sloouui is ao.fond of him, why doesn't he pay for tho dotoneo? " "' Why, it seems Lhat hia notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of worldly arts. Slocum is only too anxiou3 to retain some one; but Harden won'tJJhavo it, and no one can persuade him. Says ho is in the hands of a Higher Power, and it ahall la given him what ha shall -speak, and all the rest ot it. ? He wanted to make a speech to themagis trato; but Sloouin, by Elkin'a advice, did manage to induoe him to hold his tongue for the present, and say ho would reaervo his de fence Of oourae they hope he will come to his aaneea before the trial. But I don't know how that will be. I never saw such an ob stinate pig. Only gavo iv to his master about not speaking because the poor man began to whimper in court I " The main part of my work had been done for mc, aud it only remained to bespeak copies of the depositions, sea the witnesses, aud mako sujo that ..they intended to Bay at the Old Bailey substantially the same things as thoy bad said at _tho polioe court—a ruoat neces sary precaution, tho imagination beim; sc vivid, in people of this clasa that they aro very likely to amplify their talo if possible— and prepare tha briaf for the prosecuting coun sel. This dona, I had but lo lot things tako their course. When tha day of the trial came, I wa3 betimes inray place at the Central Criminal I Court, having various other case 3 in hand there. The priaonera, hb is customary, were first put up aud nrraigued—that is, had the substance ot thoir several indictments read over to them—and were called on to plead I " guilty "or"notguilty." The.edispo-edof,th. case for John Harden wa3 called, and Hooked at him with somo curiosity. No ?oouor had I done so than I knew that his was a face upon which at some tinia or other I had looked before, and of which I had taken note. It is a useful peculiarity of mine that I never forgot a face to which I have onea paid any attention, and I can generally re collect tho placo and circumstances under which I last saw it. But here the latter part of my power, failed mo. I knew the face well, but could not imagine when and whore I had baheld it. I even knew that I had scon tho man baro-hoaded, and that ho J was not then, aa now, bald on the crown. Tho thing worried mc not a little. In the meanwhile, John Harden waa being put up to take his trial for tho murder of Agatha Harden. "1, m' lud, appear to prosecute in this case,' said my counsel, starting up aud down again liko the blade of a knife. " Docs nobody appear lor the prisonor ? " nf ketl tho judge. " I understand, m' lud, that tho prisoner is not represented," said counsel, appearing and disappearing aa before. " My lord," said an agitated voice from tho body of tho court, " I have used nlj possiblo efforts " " Si-lenee! " proclaimed the usher. "Who is that?" inquired tho judge, look ing over his spectacles. "My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master; and I am perfeotly couvinood " "1 Ciiunot hoar you, sir. If tho prisonor wishes to have counsel assigned to him for hia dofouco, I will name a gentleman, and will take euro that tho prisoner shall have due opportunity for hia instruction; and if you deairo to give evidence on his behalf, you can do ao.—Prisoner, ia it your wish that counsel bo assigned to you for your defonco ? " Harden had boon standing with his head slightly bent, and his clasped hands resting on the rail oi tho dock. Ho now looked up al the judge, _ml replied in a grave and impas sive voice: " My lord, I wish no help but tho help of God. I am in Ilia hands, aud I am an innocent man. If He sees good to deliver tuo, Ha will dv so. Who am 1, that I should interfere with Ilia work 1 " "You appear to mc," said the judge gently, " to be under an unfortunato delusion. You say rightly that you aro in God's hands ; but that should not hinder you from using such instruments for your deliverance as He otTera you. Onco moro I will ask, do you now desire to bo represented by counsel ? " " I do not, my lord." " Ho ho it.—Now, Mr. Clincher." _ lliaiug onco more, counaol for tho prosecu tion proceeded to open hU ease. It was clear and straightforward, put concisely and/ tell ingly, and embraced tho facts whictf* tho reader already knows. Ho then called his witnesses; and as eaoh after each left the ' box, it was easy to sco from tho faces of the jury that things were likely to go hard with ihe prisoner. Always, in answer to tho in quiry, "Do you wish to put any questions to this witness ? " Harden roplied : " No, my lord. Ho haa said tho truth, for all I know." So smoothly did tho truth run its course, that only one incident called for remark. This was when my client got into the box; and so indecently eager did ho appear to be to pro cure the oonviotion of tha prisoner, that he twice called down upon himsolf a severe re buke from the judge for persistently volun teering irrelevant statements to Hardon's prejudice. And when counsel at longth said, ' That, in' hid, is my case,' and sat down, but littlo doubt remained as to the prisoner's fate, I Btill sat with my gaze fascinated by tha set faco in tho dock, trying—trying to remember when and where I had last looked upon it. " Do you propose, prisoner, to call any wit nesses ?" asked the judge. " Only my master, my lord—Mr. Slocum. He'll speak for mc, and ho'll say, I know, that I'm not tho man to kill any living thing." " Very wall. And now, bofore calling him, do you desiro to address ths jury ? " The interest of the case, which, except for that interest which is inseparable from a trial for murder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being was virtually at grips with death. For what had just passed meant that thoro was no defence or attempt at a defence, that tho jury must convict, and that the man must dio, without hope of mercy for uo cowardly and ungrateful a murderer. There was not a sound in tho court. It was late iv the afternoon, and the winter win was setting. Its rays lit up the crimson hangings, the scarlet robes of the judge, the intent faces, all looking oneway, tha drooping head and whito composed countenance of tho prisoner—the man stand ing up there in full health and strength, and whose life was going clown with the sun. "I havo but a few words to say, my lord and gentlemen. I didn't do it. I was bad enough, and maybe cruel enough in those days to do it; but I didn't. I was so drunk and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might have done-it if it had happened earlier in the day, unknown almost to myself, and bo standing here rightly enough. But I know I c.uldn't have done it, and why? Because I was miles away at tho time. My poor aunt, sa I'vo heard from what haa been said, must havo boon killed between a quarter to and a quarter past eight in the evening. Well, at eight o'clock I was at least five miles off. If I'd done it directly the girl went out of the house—as sho says, at a quarter to eight—it isn't according to reason that I could have broken open tho cupboard, took tho money, and got five miles off in a quarter of an hour." He stopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. Where had I seen hiiu bofore I Where and when had I seen him do that very action ? " 0, gentlemen, I couldn't have done it I I couldn't, bad a3 I was I I know, now, how bad that must have been—tho mercy of God has been upon mc since thoso days—but bad a. I was, I owed her too much, and knew it, to have hurt her in any way. Won't you believe mc? I tell you I was miles away at tho time—miles away. Who can tell us you're saying true ? you will ask. No one, I suppose. Not a soul waa near mo that I know to come here and speak the truth for mc this day. But I know tho same God that saved Daniel cau save mc from a sorry end, if it is His will to do it—if not, His will be done 1 I'm keeping you too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll just tell you how it was, and I've done, j and you must do a? duty bids you." Another pause. The silence of death, or rather of a deathbed. Tho faces in the dis j tancQ of the darkened oourt shimmered I through the gloom, liko those of spectres I waiting to welcome a coming shade. Then the gas-light burst forth, and all sprang into sudden distinctness, and there was a general half-stir a3 of relief. " Oh, isn't there one hero that can speak for mc ? Is there any one who remembers tho great gas-main oxplosion in Str.et that year?" Thero was again a stir, and a more decided one. Clearly there were many in court who remembered it. I did, for one. And ronieni beriu;; it, I seemed as ono in a tunnel, who seas tha glimmer from tho distant opening, but can distinguish no feature of tha landscape beyond. " I was there—that night. It waa the night of the day I was turned out ot doors—tho night of the murder. How I came to be there, so far from my aunt's neighborhood, I don't know, but I found myself working hard,, helpiut; to lift the stones and timber of the house-fronts that were blown in, aud getting the poor crushed people out. I worked a long time, till I was like to drop ; and a policeman clapped mc on tha back aud gavo mc a word of prai.>o and a drink of beer out of a cau. I wonder whore that polieoman is now, aud if he'd remember ? " He did not respond, whoraver he might bo. No one to help—no friendly plank to bridge over the yawning grave. What was it, this that I was trying so hard to recall ? "1 wandered off after that into the by streets. I kuaw those parts well. 1 had had a comrade who used to live there, and many a wioked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. The beer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had muddled mo again a bit, but I was quite sober enough to know overy step of the way 1 went, and remember it now. I turned up Hoadley Street, and then to tho loft along Blewitt Street ; and just when my aunt must have be.n struggling with the wretch that took her life, whoever it was, I heard a clock strike eight. I did, gentlemen, and I supposo I never thought of it since ; but now 1 remember it as clear as day. I was standing at tho timo at tha corner of Hauraki Street." It all came back to ma in a moment I I hoard the patter of the rain on the cab-roof— I saw the gleam of the infrequent lights on Hie wot flags—l listened to iho objurgations of tho cabman at tho obstructing dray—l took note of the reflection in the mirror, tho queer street-name which would not rhyme so as to mako sense. Tho strokes of tho clook strik ing eight were in my ears. I saw tho lamp at iho oornor, and tho man underneath look up at it—tho man with the short broad face, the sharp chin, tho long thin mouth turned down ut the corners, aud tho blank in the front teeth—tho innocent man I waa hound ing to his death—tho prisoner at the bar I As I sprang to my feet, down with a crash went my bag full of papers, my hat and um brolla, so tlmt even the impassive judge gavo a start, and the usher, waking up, onoo more proclaimed " Silence 1" with shocked and in jured inilcction. Heedless of tho majesty of the law, I beckoned to my counsel, and he 'leaned over to mo in surprise, I whispered o;uno3tly in hia ear. I never saw the human face exprc.3 more ontire astonishment. How ever, seeing that I was unmistakoably in earnest, ho merely nodded and rose to bis feet. " Your lordship will pardon mc," ha said, "for interfering at this stage between tho prisoner aud tho jury ; but I am instructed to make a communication which I feel sure will bo as astoundiug to your lordship and the jury as it is to mysolf. I think I may say thai it is the most surprising and unprece dented thing which ever occurred in a court of justice. My lord, tho solicitor who in atructs mo to proseouto tenders himself as a witness for the defence 1" CONCIXSION. To say that thero was a " sensation " would feobly describe what followed. Every one in oourt sprang to hia feet. The prisoner looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was a porfeot hubbub of. voices, as bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitors' table poured questions upon mc, to nono of which I replied. Silence being restored, the voico of the judge—grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor—des cended liko vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher?" " Mr. Bentley, my lord." Tha judge looked moro astonished than ever. My namo waa familiar enough to him as a judge, and he had known it even better when, a3 a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from mo, " I am persuaded," said ho, " that a gentte man of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and nnheard- of I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion?" "My lord," I replied, "I am certain that, believing what I had causa to believe within tho last five minutes, I nhould be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facts which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call mc as a wit ness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in tho box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will groatly depend on his answers to certain ques tions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers mc as I expect, I believe my evi dence will put an end to the case against him." " Really, gentlemen of tho jury," said his lordship, " this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aopect. I hardly know what to say.- That a prisoner bn trial for his lifo should answer questions pnt to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor ia the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to Bay, which over came under my notice. It ia tho moro diffioult for mo to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of coun sel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should lie called as a wit ness on your behalf? You have heard what ho ha. said about certain questions which ho wishes to put to you beforehand. Of courEO you aro not bound to answer any such ques tions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say ?" " I am in God's hands, my lord," answered tho prisoner, who waa quite calm again. " It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for mo—l cannot tell. But I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save mc; if He wills to save mc, nought can do mc harm. So I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentloman wishes." "I propose," said the judge, "before de riding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Recorder in the next court." All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed mc from every sido by burying my self in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, h. fully upheld mc in what I proposed to do; and then threw himself back in his seat with tho air of a man whom nothing could over astonish again. " Si-lenoe 1" cried the usher. The judge was returning. " I have decided," said ho, " to allow tho questions to bo put as Mr, Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to mo for my approval." I sat down and wroto my questions, and thoy wero passed up to the judge. As ho read them, ho lookod more surprised than ever. But all ho said, as ho handed thorn down, was, " Put the questions." I walked up to the dock and gavo them into the prisoner's hands, together with my penoil. Ho read them carefully through, and wroto hia answors slowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to tho effect already stated. As I desoribed tbe man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I Baw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for tho change wrought by twelve years, they found that tho description tallied olosely with tho man's appearance. " I produce this paper, on which I just now wroto certain questions, to whioh the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers : " Question : Were you smoking when you came up tj the corner of Hauraki-street ? — Answer: No. " Question : Did you afterwards smoko ?— Answer : I had no lights. " Question : Did you try to get a light ?— Answer : Yes, by climbing a lamp at tho ccrnor ; but I was not stoady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against tho oross bar, " Question: Whore did you carry your pipo aud tobacco?— Answer: In my hat. " Those answers," I couoluded, " are abso lutely correct in every particular. Tho man whom I saw under tho lamp, at eight o'clock on the night of the murder, bohaved as tho answers indicate. That concludes tho evi dence I have folt bound to tender." And I handed the slip of paper to tho ushor for in spection by the jury. " Prisoner," inquired tho judge, " do you call any other witness ? " " I do not, my lord." " Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turning lo the jury, " tho one remark that I shall make to you is this—that if jrou believe tho story of the prisoner's witness, there can be littlo doubt but that tho prisoner was the man whom the witness saw at the oornor of Ilauraki-street at eight o'clock on the night in question ; and if that was so, it iB clear, ou tho oaso of tho proaeoution, that he cannot havo committed this murder. I should not bo doing my duty if I did not point out to you that tho witness in question is likely, to say tho loast, to bo without bias in tho prisoner's favor, and that his evidonoo is very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your vordiot." "We are agreod, my lord," said the fore man, .. " Gentlemen of tho jury," sung out the clerk of arraigns, " ara you all agreed upon your verdict ? " " We are." " And that vordiot is?" " Not guilty." " And that is tho vordict of you all ?" " It is." There followed a burst of cheering whioh tho ushor could not silonee, but which silonoed itself as tho judge was scon to bo speaking. "John Harden—l am thankful, overy man in this court is thankful— that your trust in the mercy and power of the All-merciful and All-powerful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of- a foul crime by the unhesitating vordiot of the jury, and most wonderful haB been your delivoranoe. You go forth a froo man; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has been bestowed on ono who has repented of hia past sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to bo unmindful of that goodness hereafter. You aro disoharged." Had ha been loft to himself, I think the prisoner's old raaater would have climbed into tho dook, with the view ol personally deliver ing his servant out of the house of bondage. But he was restrained by a sympathetic con- : stable, while John Harden was re-oonveyed?'.': for a short time to the gaol, to undergo cer tain necessary formalities connected with his release from custody. I volunteered to take . charge of Mr. Slocum, and took him to tho vestibule of the] prison, overwhelmed during the short walk, by thanks and praises. We ,; were soon joined by Harden, whoso meeting with hia master brought a lump into tha throat evon of a tough criminal lawyer like myself. I saw them into a cab, and thoy drove off to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to ? call on mo next day, and enlighten moon certain point 3 as to whioh I was still in tho dark. As strange a part of my story as any, has yet to bo told. I had hardly got back to my : office and settled down to read over the various, letters which were awaiting my signature, ; when my late client (Hardens prosecutor) was j; announced. I had lost sight of him in the : excitement which followed tha acquittal. He did not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed alter tho clerk into my : room. Ho w_3 ashen white, or rather gray,..?? and hia knees shook bo that ho could scarcely'; stand ; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Loaning over my table, he proceeded, in tho presence of the astonished clerk, to pour upon mc a flood of abuae and invective : of the foule3t kind. I had sold him; I was, in league with the prisoner. I wa3 a swind- >. ling thief of a lawyer, whom ho would have ; struck off the rolls, &o.; ; until I really thought ho had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly : explained that it wf.3 no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom ha know ? to bo innocent. As he only replied with abusive language, I ordered him out of the office. The office quieted itself onco more— ?being far too busy, and also too well accus tomed to eccentric people to have timo for long wonderment at anything—and in on hour I had finished my work, and was pre- ' paring to leave for homo, when another visi tor wa3 announced—lnspector Forrester. " Well, Mr. Forrester, what's the mattor now? I'm just going off." " Sorry if I put you out of tho way, Bir; , but I thought you'd like to hear what's hap--- poned. The prosecutor in Hardens case has ' given himaelf up for the murder I " , " What? " I shouted. "Ho just has, sir. It's a queer ; day, this is. When I heard you get up and give ovi- , denco for the man you v/ere prosecuting, I thought curiosities waa over for ever; but , seems they ain't, and never will be." "How was it?" " Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, but that was all. Said fate was against him, and had saved the man he thought to hang in his stead, and he knew" how it ?/. must end, and couldn't wait any longer. : I cautioned him, of course—told him to; ; sleep on it before ho said anything; but mako a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady V for her money had come into his mind in a. flash when he saw that poor drunken fool ex hibiting his knife in tho tavern. He followed him, and picked his pocket of the knife, and then hung about the house, meaning to gat in after dark. Then ho saw the girl come out and go off, leaving the door closed but ? not latched, the careless hussy I Then in slips tho gentleman, aud doea what he'd : made up hi? mind to—for you see the old woman know him well, so ho couldn't afford to leave her alive—gets tho cash, and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When ho hoard that Harden oouldn't bo found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though ho did well enough in trade with tho money. Seems ho considered ho wasn't safe until someone had been hanged. So, when ho recognised Harden, ho was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to . get him convicted—which I noticed myself, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer ' too, I don't doubt. He took too muoh pains, you ace—he must employ you to make cer tain, instead of leaving it to us ; whereas if ..; ho hadn't come to you, your evidence would '?'. never have been given, and I think you'll say. nothing could have saved the prisoner*" It wa3 true enough. The wretched man- '.'? had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by employing mc, of all the solicitors "... to whom he might have gone ! ;? :: I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that : memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-hoartod streets, until at daybreak he had found himself in the dooks, looking at a largo ship preparing to drop down the river with tha tide. How ha had managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self away in the hold, with some idea of bettering his not over-bright fortunes in foreign parts. How ho had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of bis cuit, which he happened to have in his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against bailling winds, when they were out in mid-channel, tho usual search for stowaways had unearthed him. How tha captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to .allow him to work as a sailor on board tho vessel. How on landing at Syd ney he had gone into the intorior, taken ser-. vice with his present master—under another .". namo than his own, wishing to disconnect .' himself entirely with hia former life—and by honestly doing his duty had attained hia: present position. By the light of this narrative, that whioh . had puzzled mo became perfectly clear—''.'-' namely, how it was that ho had contrived not . only to get so entirely lost in spito of tho hue' and cry after him, but also to remain in ignorance of his ount'B fate. My client was tried, convioted, and exe cuted in duo course ; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no woight against tha cruel and cowardly attempt to put an innocent man in his place When I last saw John Harden, lie waa '','* married to a eerious lady, who had been his =' late master's housekeeper, and was possessor . of a prosperous general shop in a country; village, stocked by means of tho money:, whioh Mr. Sloouin had generously loft him. ?/ 