"" AUSTRALIA v. ALL ENGLAND. THE THIRD TK8T MATCH. The following report, received by the Orient t'o.'s B.M.B. Iberia, was telegraphed from Adelaide to tbe "Age" : — London, Augutt 15. — Tbe third match com- menced at the Oval on the 13th instant. J. he old conntryiwsB again represented by a powerful team ; for although A. P. Lucas was, tbroog-i family i miction, an tbsentee, it will be seen thai hia sub- ftiinie, bcotton, did by f»i mor service for his side than «ny other player tngaged therein, The Australian team was tee tamo as in the previous matches, Cooper and Alexander being left out. Before proceeding to do»l with tbe actusl play, .1 may draw atten tion to tbe most important circums.acces con nected with the g.me and its surroundings, eotne ! of which were ot mote tb.n ordinary inteieit.and | some of such a nature that it were welt if tbe I story could be left untold. Murdoch's bad luck in tossing, to which I have so frequeutly mado reference, cbnDged on this most important occa sion, to the intense delight of the AnstrHisni, who had the pi- asute of seeing their skipper sue- j cersfully spin a halfpenny which Bp. fiorth had picked up on the ground. The importance of ihc ! tors was even mote than usually felt, as a wicket upon which stumps had never before been ; pitchfd had been specially prepared for the ! great event, and presented a fine appearance. The i weather, moreover, was exceptional, bo ng fine, clrar and blazing hot ; in fact, dating the fi si tno days, tbo seven I Australians present agreed that Beldom, either on the Melbourne or the Associa tion ground in bydn'-y, had they felt the beat to be more inlenss. The Englishmen, after th-ir first reverse, wire, however, lucky io the somewhat re markable fact that the fine weather contined to the er.d nf the match, and the wicket lasted bo ! wonderfully well, that toe quickest scoring of the I whole g..me took place ouncg tbe last two hours i of the third day. I The unprecedented result of the first day's j nlav will rrohublv. in first-class matches, remain i an iinbi attn record for many years, and Murdoch, j M'Honncll ar.d Hcutt be for ever uBruciated with the feet, that on Ksnnington Oval it took the strongest team in England, ten of whom bowled, a whole day to capture two Australian wickets at a cost of 8G3 runs' It will at once be realised with out my testimony that these thre j batsmen played first-clus cricket, Murdoch, of cours:, being tbe lion ol the occiihion. The celebrated Austral an batsman frr.iri ct-irt to li.-isb played the g-rae, Ihc Englitb bowlers in turn " feeding " him in vain. His tuperb cutting power and fauld-iss defence were shown lo the greatest advantage, wliib.t he i nee ngain proved that, ia tbe possesion rf unlimited patience, tbe greatest gift a b.nUmun enn posKB-i, lie is second to no cricketer living, At 4C he made bis first mi- take, :« snick oil L'iyctt, wbicb gave a chance at Hie wicket. From that time till his total 'tood at 171 be n-vet made a bad stroke ; but Batlow, th ai at third man, rrisstd him badly, and at 205 .St-.el, r.t cloto mid-on, had a one-hand catch which he fr.il-d to take, all tlnce chanees be;ng off Uiyett. Mur doch's inning, notwithstanding, was Iteyond doubt worthy ot being considered one of his veiy greatest performances, and hia total (211) is at tiro prciunt lime the highest store made in England this season in a fir-t-clns ra-.tcli. M'Uonned has ia his three last matches exhibited in amount of patience thnt I must confe-sthedashlng Melbourne but it, cn 'h iji.st fi lends never tliought iie posse-sed, ar.d has thus done justice to his iphndiii defensive power, which cn former oceasiens has 'oo often been rncrilic- d to impulse, the result being 'lir te scorca of >-2, <>!b aud 1U3. Not in the lea-thus this interfered witii hie punishing power, but has, in fact, strengthened it by < nnlhing him to last longer. I:- "ho compilation f u,s lirst century in England, ho f«ir!y excelled himself ; the only ap proach lo a chance given being a hard rime btck to Barnes when lie hid made 52, which, however, proved ft o Lot for the bowler to hold. Scott IjaB followed up h s previous brilliant success by a'so achieving a three figure record, tho arnbi- ticn of all batsmen in first class matches, and a triumph indent for I ho young Victorian ou his fiist vi-it to England. Aft -r making 25, he hit me back to Grice, who failed to aecure n left han>ld catch, und the only other blot t n his fino performance was a chancs in flic long fit-id to Lord Harris off Steel when ho had wade f!0. He ia, at the present moment, undoubtedly the best leg hitter in the team, aud although lie has r.ot niis'fd a match, his batting nvi-iage is Btcond only to Murdoch's. Midwinter, at the commencement of his inning'1, was missed nt the wicket off Barncp, and again by lVite in the Hlipa, also off tec Nottingham bowler, but ntillr.r i f the double figures, Giffcn or lilackhnm, g'.ve a chance. The lat'or was givn out by Far- rands Ibw lo an undrrhand slowb iwii d round the wicket with a lfg break — a d mblful decision certainly ; whilst Grace, who, nt tbe wicket, caught the hall off which Midwinter was giv- u out, si-id in the pavilion that I u did not think the batsman played it. The bowling analysis ehows tlmt Lyttelton, with underluind slows, wis tho mo;t siicc-Bfful bowler. On tho first day he bowled a few overs round arm without getting a wicket, but when tried on Tue«d»y wi'h slows, he cnptuicd four in eight overs at a coet ot 12 runs apiece. Pcate, Ohutt, and Steel were also rxpun- Bive, nnd the best bowlers on tho Engli'h side were undoubtedly Barms nnd Grace ; Hut Lord Harris, as! lisve before noticed, doss not appa- icntly think much of W. G, Grace as a bowler, ai d to my mind very much underrates him. On the first day ten bowlera were tried, nnd changed twenty- six times, nnd on the pecond day the iiat was made compMe by Bhrewsbury bowling thros overs, off which, by the. way, only two runs ware scored. But for the wonderful patience and per fect defence of Bcotton, the English innings woul l havo been an almost, total collapse, aud a moro meritorious perforinsnce under similar circumstances 1 have never witnessed. From the lime the Australians completed their colossal in nings, the Engliphmcn'v only hope was to reeure a draw, and this BcoUon accomplished fir them by- staying at the wickrts five bout a and three-quvrt-ra and making 'JO runs without one really b .d str.<k«, as during toe whole of tbe time he gave not the ghost of a chance. Going in first, ho was ninth out when thu total reached 332. During his stay at the wickets, ho received some Severe puot'sh- menr, including ono terrible blow on the knee from Spt ffurth. When the eighth English wicket fell for 181, there were Btill three hours and a half to play, und tho Australians, wi'h 370 runs to the prod, had hopes of accomplishing a one innings victory, but W. W. Read, wlto joined Scotton, as- eetttrl itis mastery over the bowling from the out- tot of his innings, whiob was one of I he b»s; exhi bitions of clean, true and hard hitting imagiut- abl", no boundary liiia being icoluJed in his total. After making 23, he pave Kpoilorth a low down chance off liia own bowling, which wps missed, but the punishment inflicted oil the bowlers maybe stated from the fact that lie made 100 runs in exactly two hours. The two batsmen named made nearly two-thirds of the English total, Bteel being next with 31, and Lor ! Harris, both being given ont lbw by Fnrrnndp, while the etiamp on \Sr. G. Graca was run out. In connection with this circumstance, another of thoce disgraceful Bccncs, for which 1 fesr the Oval will soon become notorious, took place. Oullan, who is considered ono of the best, and ccttiinly most independent, umpires in Eugland, officiates for Glouceilershlro, being engaged In business in I'-rit.oi, and he it was who gave Grace out, for which lie was (on tho drawing of tho atuinps) followed in by a howling crowd, who hcottd end hisffd him right up to the pavilion pa'p. At another Btage of the game, when the Ktgliahracn wore batting, tho crowd en croached some 15 yards on to the playing ground, and Oiffen, in attempting to stop a ball, ran clean into them, which led to so serious an altercation that Lord Harris walked out from tbe pavilion and Baid, " If you don't, give the Australians fair play I will give thenu the match." Throughout ths whole of tho second and third days indeed, the most unspnrtsmanliko soint was exhibitrd, ironical cries of "How's that!" being heard whenever Riackham stopped a ball, and Lord Harris was jeered at iu tire corest manner for missing Bcott, It may readily be be lieved that tbe plensure of a match, productive of most perfect cricket on both sidev, was thua considerably marred, to tho great annoyance of these who attend through lovo of the gstne. The result of the threo matches plaTcd is of course un satisfactory to both sides, for whilst England can claim a substantial victory in the only match completed, nobidy can deny that the merit of the rubber rests undoubtedly with Australia, whoso two draws so entirely in their favour more than counter balance tbe one deft at; and by cotapirison, it nlust be allowed that the three teat matcheB have served to more than uphold the previously well won reputation of the Australians. The result of tho third is especially gratifying on account of the team, knocked more or le9s to piec s by threo months' incessant work on hard wickets, performing an unprecedented feat in ; that department of the game wnich is supposed I to be tLeir wtakeat p-iint. No amount of fencing the question can alter the fact that three matche hvve been played, ano that the Australians hav ; bad a long way tbe best oi it, aod thi thr -nghout. the try np beat. Both teams fielded with spirit Lord Harris, Read (who wss must effective »t point), Barnes snd Section ; and Scott, B tnncr- mrn, M'Dinnel! and Uiffen doing yeoman serviue for their respective sidis. Lyttelton behind the w'eketo, w>b not seen at his b>st, and even with the assistance of a long "top was not up to Blackham'a standard, the Victorian r- Burning bis place bbiDd the sticks with considerable suc cess, the catch br which he di»poBc I of Snrewsonry 1 eirg s capital bit of werk ; woilst the ronoiug out of Grace was very cleverly aecom-liBhed, a Bannerman returned the ball very wide of the wicket. An enormous number of people witnessed the ma'ch, the numbers being (allowing for mem bers) about 18,000 on the first day, 1 7 .000 oo the second, and over 10,000 on the third. 