^ir tom; By Mrs. Olipliant, Author of ' The Chronicles of Carliiigford,' *? The Greatest' Heiress in England,' ?? He. that Will Not when He CHAPTER XXII. A PATB OF FRIENDS. After this it came to be a very common occur rence that Jock and Bice should meet in the after nocn. He, for one thing1, bad lost his companion ship with Lucy, and had been stravine forth fori-orn^ hot knowing what to do with himself, takia^ long walks which he did not care for, and losing for the intellectual companionship of .A'/Tutor, or even of the other fellows who, if not Ini«.lectual, at least were acquainted -with the sa me things, and accustomed to the same occupa t-o is as himself. It worked in him a tremor and c in-niotion of a kind in which he was wholly inex £- i-.vsnced when he eaw the slim figure of lie girl approaching him, through the paths of the shrub fcer:«s, or the greeneries of the park,. He said to iiir.elf once or twice, 'What a bore!' but those ?words did not express his feelings. It was not a boro, it was something very different. He could no', explain the mingled reluctance and pleasure ci Tiis own mood, the little tumult that arose in ,niui when he saw her. He wanted to turn his back and rush away, and yet he wanted to be there waiting for her, seeing her' approach step by slop. He had no notion what his own mingled sentiments meant. But Bice, to all appearance, had neither the reluctance nor the excitement. She came running to her playmate, whenever she saw him, with frank satisfaction. ? I was looking for you,* she would say ; ' let us go out into the park where nobody can see us. Bun, or some one 'will be coming/ and then she would fly over stock ?and stone summoning: him after her. There were many occasions when Jock did not approve, but he always followed her, though with internal grumblings, in which he indulged consciously, caking out his own annoyance to be very great. ' Why can't she let me alone ?' he said to him self ; but when it occurred that Bice did leave him alone, and made no appearance, his sense of injury was almost bitter. He said cutting things about it in his own heart, and was very S8.tirical as to the stupidity of giris who were afraid to wet their feet, and estimated the danger of catching a cold as greater than any natural advantage. For Jock had ail that instinctive hostility to ?womanhood which is natural to the male bosom, except, perhaps, at one varying period of life. They had no place in the economy of hiB existence at school, and he knew nothing of them nor wanted to know. But Bice, though when he was annoyed with her, she became to him the typical girl, the epitome of offending woman, had at other times a very different position. It stirred his entire being, he did not know how, wben she roamed with him about the woods talking of everything-, from a, point of view which was cer tainly different from Jock's. Occasionally,. even, he di«i not understand hur any more than if she had been speaking- a foreign language. She had never any difficulty in penetrating his meaning aa he had in penetrating; hers, out there were . times when she did not understand him any more than he understood her. She was by far the easiest in morals, the le.'ist Puritanical. It was not easy to shock Bice ; but it was not at all diffi cult to shock Jock, brought up as he was in the highest sentiments under the fring of M' Tutor, who behoved ia ra^ral iniluenoe. But th'e fashion of the intercourse hc-id between these two was very remarkable in its w;iy. They were like brother au«i eisrer, without being brother and sis ter. Thfy ?:iT'.1 stiangtrs to eauh other, yet liv ing in tl'i.' idijji imtiri.1 iutiajaey, and likely to be parted i.r ? \\..r r-j-juorrow. They were of the eame age, ytt tIju girl w,is, in the experience of life, a world in advance of the boy, who, notwith standing, had the LtTti-r ??:! her in- a thousand ways. Ju short, they were a paradox, such as youih, nioni or k--s, is iil-vhys, and. tbe careless, cIoho (-??;! iir-iDii-hip i h:it yrew up bet ween them was ar- O!iee tbe most natural and the most strange alliance. They told each other everything by degree*, without being: at nil a-ware of the nature of their mutual confidence ; Bice revealing to Jock tbe conditions on which bug was to be brought cat in England, and Jock to Bice tbe unusual features of bis own and his sister's posi tion, to the unbounded astonishment and scep ticism of each. ' Beautiful,' said Jock, drawing a long breath. 'But beau tiful's not a thing you can go in for, like an exam. ' You're born so, or you're born not so ; and you know you''ro not — I mean, you know you're ? Well, it isn't your fault. Are you going to be sent away for just being — not prettT f' * I told yon/ said tbe girl, with a little impa tience, * being pretty is of no consequence. I am pretty, of course, she added, regretfully. But it is only if I turn out beautiful that she will take the trouble. And at sixteen, I am told, one can not yet know.' ? But/ cried Jock, with a sort cf consternation, 'you don't uiind, do you? I don't mean any thing unkind, you know ; I don't think it matters — and I'm sure ife isn't your fault — you are not even — good-looking/ candour compelled the boy to say, as to an honest comrade with whom sin cerity was best. ' Ah V cried Bice, with a little excitement. ' Do you think eo ? Then, perhaps, there is some hope.' Jock was confounded by this utterance, and he began to feel that he had been uncivil. * I don't mean,' he said, ' that you are not — I mean that it is not of the least consequence. What does it matter ? I am sure you are clever, which is far better. I think you could get up anything faster than most fellows if you wer^ to try.' 'Get up P What dees tbat mean ? And when I tell you that it does matter to me — oh, much — very much,' Bne cried. ? When jou are beautiful, everything iB before you — you marry, you have everything you wish, you become a great lady ; only to be pretty — that does nothing1 for you. Ugly, however/ 6aid the girl, reflectively ; *if I am ugly, then there is some hope.' ' I did not eay that/ cried Jook, shocked at the suggestion. ' I wouldn't be so uncivil. Ton are — just like other people/ he added, encouragingly, ' not much either one way or another — like the rest of us/ Jock said, with the intention of sooth ing her ruffled feelings. At sixteen decorum is not always the first thing we think of; and though Bice was not an English girl, ehe was very young. She threw out a vigorous arm, and pushed him from her, bo that the astonished critic stumbling over eome fallen branches measured hia length upon the dewy sod. ' That was not 1/ she said, demurely — as he picked himself up in great surprise— drawing a step away, and looking at him with -wide-open eyes, to which the little fright of seeing him fall, and the spark of malice that took pleasure in it, had given Bnddon brilliancy. Jock was so much astonished that he uttered no reproach, bat went on by her side, after a moment, pondering. He could not see how any offence could have larked in the encouraging and consolatory words he had used. Bat when they reached the other chapter, which concerned his fortunes, Bice was not more under* standing. Her grey eyes absolutely flamed upon him when he told her of his father's will, and the conditions upon which Lucy's inheritance was held. 'To give her money away 1 Bat, that is impossible — it would be to prove one's self mad/ the girl said. 'Why? You forget it'e my father you're speaking of. He was not mad, he was just/ said Jock, reddening. - What* s mad in it? You've got a great f ortune — far more than you want. Jt all came out of other pebplofe pockets somehow. Oh, of course, not in a dishonest way. That is the worst of speaking to a girl that doesa*t nnder ?Und political economy and the laws of produc tion. Ofoocxeeitma8t«omeout«f other people's nobody wstfld. sell anything If they didn't gek* profit), of AowtMthasttMnesout of your pocket. Veil, now, Pve got ? erea* deal mow than I want, and X mjjoa ?Tan have some of ftfefcok.' *Andls*y/cxfed Bioe, making him » curtsey, 'Kersi Momirnir, Qnsfa 8igsor,oh thank yon, thimkyawTSBqab m much «? yon Mke, sir, «« mob Mjaft »*?* V»t all ?*#»*?»« I think you am »bi. ?*«r moofi «U -$?$ make* yen YSLm*r(*£& Jock, Mm?, *??*?? nobody fcmpy, u mvf auk* rtm comfort*))]*, r~ tbvive? !??? irtmn ** '?— - -» ** *- — '-*-'- **» fmJli jfc ?^w» w^nt wf ^invasjppsiMnjS^BjpBjB; ?B.jrRTBMW. {or the more good you can get out of itthe^better Lucy has money lying in the bank §r somewhere — that she does not w.ant,Jth&t; does ^ex aojigocxi ;. and there is some one else (a fellow. I 'know, Jock added in a parenthesis) who|hasvnot got enough to live upon. So you seethe jast hands over what she doesn't want to hin^-aad that's better for both. ? So far from being maa, it3!!— Jock paused for a word — ifs pbj$pigg|»» itf 6. wisdom, ' it's *=faifo- gmn.TiB-iip ' It is|?rjuffb the grandest way that was ever. mvented*feg|ratting - things straight/ , . ...i.-|.i;' ;i.3r Bice looked at him with a sort ofctoredufous, cynical gaze, as if asking whether b^imeant hsr to believe this fiction — whether, peiimpe, he wha, such a fool as to think that she c^rnld be per-, suaded to believe it. It was evident that site did not for a moment suppose him to be serious. She laughed at last in ridicule and eeorn. .'You think/ she said, ' I know so little. Ah, I know a great deal more than that. What are you with out money P You are nobody. The morejyou have, so much more have you everything1 at your command. Without money, you are nobody: yes, von may be a prince or an English milord^but that is nothing without money. Oh ! yes. I have Jcnown princes that had nothing, and the people laughed at them. And a milord who is poor — the very donkey, boys, scorn him. You oan do iif£ thing without money/ the girl said, with almesfc fierce derision, ' and you tell me you will give it away.' She laughed again angrily, as if such a brag was offensive and insulting to her own poverty. The boy, who had never in his life known what it was to want anything that money could procure for him, treated the whole question lightly? and undervalued its importance altogether. But the girl, who knew by experience what was involved in the want of it, heard with a sort of wondering fury this slighting treatment of what was to her the universal panacea. Her cynicism and satiri cal unbelief grew into indignation. . ' And you tell me it is wise to give it away ?' * Lucy has got to do it, whether it is wise or not/ said Jock, almost overawed by this moral disapproval. ' We went to the lawyer about it the day you came. He is settling it now. She is giving away — well, a good many thousand pounds/ * Pounds-are more than francs, eh ?' said Bice, quickly. ' More than francs ! just 25 times more,' cried Jock, proud of his knowledge, * a thousand pounds is ? ' ' Then I don't believe you/ cried the girl in an outburst of passion, and she fled from him across the park, catching up her dress and running at a pace which even Jock with his long legs knew he could not keep up with. He gazed with surprise, standing still and watching her with the words arrested on his lips. ' But she can't keep it up long like that/ after a moment Jock said. ' The time, however, approached when the two friends had to part. Jock left the Hall a few days after Lady Randolph, and he was, somehow, not very glad to go. The family life had been less cheerful lately, and conversation languished when they were alone together. When the contessa was present she kept up the ball, maintaining at least with Sir Tom an always ani mated and lively strain of talk; but at breakfast there was not much said, and of late a little restraint had crept even between the master and mistress of the house, no one could tell how. The names of the guests were scarcely mentioned between them. Sir Tom was very attentive and kind to his wife, but he was more 6ilent than he used to be, reading his letters and his newspapers. Lucy had been quite satisfied when he said, though it must be allowed with a laugh not devoid of embarrassment, that it was more im portant he should master all the papers and see how public opinion was running now whan it was so near the opening of Parliament. But a little veil of silence had fallen over Lucy too. It cost her an effort to speak even to Jock of common subjects and of his going away. She had thought him looking a little disturbed, however, on ithe last morniug, and with the newspaper forming a sort of a -screen between them and Sir Tom', Lucy made an attempt to talk to her brother as of old. ' I shall miss you very much, Jock. We have not had so much time together as we thought/ ' We have had no time together, Lucy/ 'You must not say that, dear. Don't you recollect that drive to Farafield? We have 'not had so many walks, it. is true ; but then I have been — occupied/ ' ' Is it ever finished yet, that business ?' Jock said, suddenly. It was all Luoy could do not to give him a warning look. * I have had some letters about it. A thing cannot be finished in a minute like that.' Instinctively she spoke low to escape her hus band's ear ; he had never referred to the subject, and she avoided it religiously. It gave her a thrill of alarm to have it thus re- introduced. To escape it, she said, raising- her voice a little, ' Th« Conteasa's letters have not been sent to her. 'iou must ring the bell, Jook. There are a great many for her/ The name of the Contessa always moved Bir Tom to a certain attention. . He seemed to be on the alert for what might be said of her. He looked round the corner of the paper with a short laugh, and said, jocularly, with mock gravity i ' It is a great thing to keep up your corres pondence, Lucy. You never can know when it may prove serviceable. If it had not been for that, she most likely never would have been here/ Lucy smiled, though with a little restraint. 'Perhaps she is sorry, now/ she said, 'for it must be dull/ Then she hurriedly changed the sub jeet, afraid lest she might seem ill-natured. ' Poor Miss Bice has never any letters/ ehe said ; ' she must have very few friends/ ' Oh, she has nobody at all/ said Jock. ' She hasn't got a relation. She has always lived like this, in different places; and never been to school, or^ — anywhere ; though she has been nearly round the world.* ' Poor little thing I and ehe is fond of children, too/ eaid Lucy. ' X found her one day with baby on her shoulder, a wet daywheH he could not get out, racing up and down the long gallery with him crowing and laughing. It was so pretty to see him ? ' Or to see her, Lucy, most people would say/ said Sir Tom, interrupting again. 'Would theyP Oh, yes. But I tiiought naturally of baby/ said the young mother. Then she made a pause, and added, softly, ' I hope — they— are — always kind to her/ There was a little silence. Bir Tom was be hind his newspaper. He listened, but he did not eay anything, and Jook .was not aware that he was listening, . , '? Oh, I don't think sae minds/ said Jock. 'She ia rather jolly when yon come to know her. . I say, Iiuey, it will be awfully dull foe her, you know, when— - . ?. ? ? . ''* When what, Jqek V 'When I amjj^ne/the boy intended to have said, but some guam of consekmsnafs came over him that made him pause. He did not say this, out grew a little red in the effort to think of something else that he could say. 'Well, I mean here/ he said, 'for $he hasn't been used to it. She has beta in places where there was alwayB nrosip playing,; and that sort of thing. Bne never was ia the country. There's plenty of books, to be sure j but she's not very - fond «f reading, ^ew people are, I think. You never open a book —i—r-* ',??-' ?Oh, yes, Jock II read the books from Mudie's/ Lucy said, with some spirit; 'and Ialwayssend them upstairs/ . ., . . * ;: Jook Sad it on his lips to bsj something deroga tory of the books i from lludi*'* ; bm£ hoeheoked himself, forheTemembered toha,ve seen MTutor with one of those frivolous vblumes/sAd he re frained from snubbing Lucy. *I belfere&e; oan'$ read,' he said. * She can do nothing but laugh atvou. And she thinks she's Bretfcf? he added. with a. W^lKM^Tfeiy^^AneDaa^^igtfa^al ness to the trnst^posedinMm, wh3$h once more eovered his ifiee wilih crimson. Imcy laughed too. with hesitation and doubt, \- 1 cannot pee it/ ehe mid, * but that Jo what Tifttiy FiW'V'iph ^M«ig^»f . Jt *is strange tii&t; she should talk dt such {fringe,- but peojjaae are Tery {onny,who have VMuMjbjmngH va *b»oajl* taiively. * They.au%«oianah*f beingpreSjr? Bntltellhsritdsesn^laatter. ^hat&lerenoe; could it mak^^ f^rf^'w#suppo»itwas1ier fault. Sbawyi.T-nrW , ' ^ad^^u^man/Baid^irTom, ' it « time ? Jock gave his brother-in-law a look, in which 'defiant virtue struggled with a certain conscious ness; but he scorned to make ^ny reply. ' ' CtfAPTEE XXIIL .. ... THB BREAKFAST TA.BUB. ' iiucy found her life much changed when Jock had- gone, and ehe was left alone to face the I change of circumstances which had tacitly taken place. The Contessa said not a word of termina ting her -visit. The departure of Lady Randolph apparently suggested nothing to her. She could scarcely have filled up the foreground more entirely than she did before, but she was now uncriticised, unremarked upon. There seemed to be no appropriation of more than her due, but it was very natural that's person of experience and powers of conversation like hers should take the leading place, and simple Lucy, so much younger and with so much less acquaintance with the world, fall into the background. And accordingly this was what happened. Madame di Forno Populo knew everybody ; she had a hundred mutua* acquaintances to tell Sir Tom about, and they .. seemed to have an old habit of intercourse, which by this time had been fully resumed. The evenings were the time when this was most apparent. Then the Contessa was at her brightest. She had managed to introduce shades upon all the lamps, so as to diffuse round her a softened artificial illumina tion such as is favourable to beauty that has passed its prime, and in this ruddy gloom she sat ?'half seen, Sir Tom sometimes standing J-y her, sometimes permitted to take the other corner of her sofa — and talk«d to him, sometimes sinking her voice low as her reminiscences took 6ome special vein, sometimes calling sweetly to her pretty Lucy to listen to this or that. These ex tensions of confidence, generally, were brought in to make up for a long stretch of more private communications, and the aspect of the little domestic circle was on such occasions curious enough. By the table, in a low chair, with the full light of the lamp upon her, sat Lucy, eene rally with some work in her hands ; she did not read or write (exereises to which, to tell the truth, she was not much addicted), out of politeness, lest ehe should seem to be withdrawing her atten tion from her guest, but sat there with 'her slight occupations, so as to be open to any appeal, and ready -if she were wanted. On the other side of the table, the light making a sort of screen and division between them, sat Bice, generally with a book before her, which, as has been said, did not at all interfere with her power of giving a vivid attention to what was going on around her. These two said nothing to each other, and were often silent for the whole evening, like pieces of still life. Bice sat with her book upon the table, so that only the open page and the hands that held the book were within the brightness of the light, ?which on the other side streamed down upon Lucy's fair shoulders and soft young face, and upon the work in her hands. In the corner was the light continuous murmur of talk ; the bali-seen figure of .the Contessa, generally leaning back, looking up to Sir Tom, who stood with his arm on the mantelpiece, with much animation, gesticulation of her hands, and subdued laughter, the most lively current of sound, soft and intensified by little eloquent breaks, by emphatic gestures, by sentences left incomplete, but understood all the better for being half said. There were many evenings in -which Lucy sat there with a little wonder, but no other active feeling in her mind. It is needless to Bay that it was not pleasant to her. She would ait and wonder wistfully whether her husband had forgotten she was there, but then reminded herself that of course it was his duty to think of the Contessa first, and consoled herself that by-and-bye the stranger would go away, and all would be aa it had been. As time went on the desire that this should happen, and a longing to have possession of ner home again, grew so strong that she could scarcely subdue it, and it was with the greatest difficulty that she kept all expressions of it from her lips. And, by-and-bye, the warmth of this restrained desire so absorbed Lucy' that she scarcely dared allow herself to speak lest it should burst forth, and there seemed to herself to be -continually going over in her mind a calculation of the chances, a Bcratiny of everything the Contessa said which seemed to point at such a. movement. But, in deed, the Conteesa said very little upon which the most sanguine could build. She said nothing of her arrangements at all, nor spoke of what she was going to do, and answered none of Lucy's ardent and innocent fishings after information. The evenings became more and more intolerable to Lady Bandolpk as they went on. She was glad that anybody should come, however little she might care for their society, to break these pri vate conferences up. And this was not all, nor even perhaps the worst of the vague evils not yet defined in her mind, and which she was eo very reluctant to de fine, which Lucy had to go through. At break fast, when she was alone with her husband, matters wore almost worse. Sir Tom, it was evident, began to feel the tete-a-tete embarassing. He did not know what to say to his little wife when they were alone. The -presence of the Dowager and Jock had freed him from any neces sity of explanation, had kept M-m in his usual way, but now that Luoy alone eat opposite to him, he was more silent than his wont, and with no longer any of the flow of simple observations which had once been so delightful to her. Sir Tom was more uneasy than if she had been a stern and jealous Eleanor, a clear-sighted critic seeing through and through him. The contest was so unequal, and the weaker creature so desti tute of any intention or thought of resistance, that he felt himself a coward and traitor for thus deserting her and overclouding her home and her life. Then he took to asking himself — Did he overcloud her P Was she eensible of any differ ence ? Did she know enough to know that this was not how she ought to be treated, or was she not quite contented wtih her secondary place ? Such a simple nature, would she not cry, would she not show her anger if she was conscious of anything to be grieved or angry about ? He took refuge in those newspapers which, he gave ont, it was necessary he should study, to understand the mind of the country before the opening of Parliament. And thus they would sit, Lucy dutifully filling out the tea, taking care that he had the dish he liked for breakfast, swallowing her own with difficulty,, yet lingering over it, always thinking that perhaps Tom might have something to say. While he, on the other hand, kept behind his newspaper, feeling himself guilty, conscious that another sort of woman ?would make one of those ' scenes' which men dread, yet despising Lucy a little in spite of him self for the very quality he most admired in her, and wondering if she were really capable of feel ing at all. Sometimes little Tom would be brought downstairs to roll about the carpet, and try his unsteady little limbs in a series of olutohes at the chairs and table ; and on these occasions -the meal was got through more easily.' Bat little Tom was not always well enough to come down stairs, and sometimes Lucy thought that her hus band might have something to say to her which tbe baby's all engrossing presence hindered. Thus it came about that the hours in which the Contessa was present and in the front of every thing were really less painful than those in which the pair were alone with the shadow of the intruder, more powerful even than her presence holding them apart. On one of those mornings, however, Lucy's an ticipations and hopes seemed about to be realised. Sir Tom laid down his paper, looked at her frankly without'any shield, and said, as ehe often imagined him saying, ' I want to talk to you, Lucy.'.- How glad she was that little Tom was not downstairs that morning! ? She looked' at him. across the table with a brightening coun tenance, and said, * Yes, Tom f with such warm eagerneBs and .sudden ^pleasure that her look fenetrated his very heart. It . implied a great eal more than Sin Tom intended and thought, and he was a man' of very quick' intelligence. The expectation in her eyes touched him beyond « thousand complaints. v I had an interview yesterday, in which, yon were mueh concerned/ he said; then made a pause, with such a revolution going on within him as seldom happened in 4 mature and self collected mind. He had begun, with totally different sentiments from those which suddenly came over him at the sight of 'her kindling face. When ie said, *I want*o talk to you, Lucy/ he had meant to speak of her interview ;with Mr. Roshtoto, to point out to ner tb$ £oUyot what ehe was doing, and to show her jipy if-as that he shooldoe compelled todo«Terytihing that was mbi«j|o»Hat«opi-os|Jer. ftedid3$^gutei go to the root of the matter, as he had done be fore, when he was obliged to admit to himself he had failed ; but to address timself to the second ary view, of the question, folihe small prospeet there was of doing any -good. But when : he caught her eager, questioning- look, her eyes growing liquid and bright with .emotion, her face full' of restrained anxiety and hope, Sir Tom's heart smote him. What did she think he was going to say ?- Not anything about money, im portant as that subject was in their life — but something 'far more important, something that touched her to the quick, a revelation upon which her very soul hung. He was startled beyond measure* by this disclosure. He had thought she did not feel, and that her heart unawakencd had regarded calmly, with no pain to speak of, the new state of affairs of which he himself was guiltily conscious ; but that eagar look'iput an end in a moment to his delusion. He paused and swerved mentallv as if an angel had suddenly stepped into his way, ' Ic is about — that will of your father's/ he said. Lucy, gazing at him with such hope and expec tation, suddenly sank, as it were, prostrate in the depth of' a disappointment that almost took the life out of her. She did not indeed fall physically or faint, which people seldom do in moments of extreme mental suffering. It was only her countenance that fell. Her brightening, beaming, hopeful face grew blank in a moment, her eyes grew utterly dim, a kind of mist running over them, a Bound-1- half a sob, half a sigh, came from her breast, ohe put up her hand trembling to support her head, which shook, too, with the quiver that went over 'her. It took her at least a minute to get over the shock of the disappointment. Then, commanding her self painfully, but without looking at him, which, indeed, she* dared not do, she said again, ' Yes, Tom ?' with a piteous auiver of her lip. It did not make Sir Tom any the less kind, and full of tender impulses, that he was wounding his wife in the profoundest sensibilities of her heart. In this point the greater does not include the lesser. He was cruel in the more important matter, without intending it indeed, and from what he considered a fatality, a painful combi nation of circumstances out of which he could not escape ; but in the lesBer particulars he was as kind as ever. He could not bear to see her suffering. The quiver in her lip, the failure of the colour in her cheeks, affected him so that he could scarcely contain himself. * My dear love/ he cried, ' my little Lucyi you are not afraid of what I am going to eay to you ?' These words came to his lips naturally, with the affectionate impulse of his kind nature. But when he had said them, an impulse which was perhaps more crafty than loving followed. Quick as thought he changed his intention, his purpose altogether. He could not resist the appeal of Lucy's face ; but he slipped instinctively from the more serious question that lay between them, and resolved to sacrifice tho other, which was indeed very important, yet could be treated in an easier way and without involving anything more painful. Sir Tom was at an age . when money has a great value, and the m6re sense of possession is pleasant ; and there was a principle involved which he had determined a few weeks ago not to relinquish. But the position in which he found himself placed was one out of which some way of escape had to be invented at once. ' Lucy/ he said, 'you are frightened; you think I am going to cross you in the matter that lies so near your heart. But you mistake me, my dear. I think I ought to be your chief adviser in that as in all matters. It. ie iny duty ; but I hope you never thought thai I would exercise any force upon you to put a stop to — what you thought right/ Lucy had overcome herself, though with a painful effort. She followed with a quivering humility what he was saying. She acknowledged to herself that this was, indeed, the great thing in her life, and that it was only her childishness and foolishness which had made her place other matters in the chief place. Most likely, she said to herself, Tom was not aware of anything that required. explanation; he would never think it possible that she could be so ungracious and unkind as to grudge bis guests their place in his house. She gathered herself up hastily to meet' him when he entered upon' the great question wmen was tar more important, wmen wastne only sore question, between them. * I know/ she said, ' that you were always kind, Tom. If I did not aBk you first it was because ? ' 'We need not enter upon that, my dear. I was angry, and went too far. At the same time, Lucy, it is a mad affair altogether. Your father, himself, had he realised the difficulty of carrying it out, would have eeen this! I only say bo to let you know my opinion is unchanged. And you know jour trustees are of the same mind. Brit if you think this is. your duty, as I am sure you It seemed to Lucy that her duty had Bailed far away from her on some sea of strange distance and dulneas where she could scarcely keep it in sight. Her own very voice . seemed strange and dull to her, and far away, as she . said almost mechanically, 'I do not think it is my duty — to my father ? ' ' I am aware that you tbink so, my love. As you get older you will, perhaps, see as I do — that to carry out the spirit of your father's will would be better than to follow so closely the letter of it. But you are still very young, and Jock is younger : and, fortunately, you -jan afford to indulge a freak of this sort. I shall let Mr. Rushton know that I withdraw all opposition. And, now, give me a kiss, and let us forget that there was ever any controversy between us — it never went further than a controversy, did it, darling ?' Sir Tom said. Lucy could not speak for the moment. She looked up into his face with her eyes all liquid with tears, and a great confusion in her soul. Was this all ? as he kissed her, and smiled', leaning over her in the old kind way, with a tenderness that was half-fatherly and indulgent to her weakness, she did not seem at all sure what it was that had moved like a ghost between him and her ; was it in reality only this — this and no more ? She almost thought eo as she looked up into his kind face. Only this. How glad its would have made her three weeks ago to have his sanction for the thing she was so reluctant to attempt, which it was so much her duty to do, which Jock urged with so much pertinacity, and which her father from hie grave enjoined. If it affected her but dully now, whose was the fault ? Hot Tom's, who was so generously ready to yield to her, although he disapproved. When he re turned behind his newspaper onee more with a kind smile at her, to end the matter, Lucy sat quite still in a eurious stunned confusion trying to account for it all to herself . There could be no doubt, she thought, that it was she1 who was in the wrong. She it was who bad created the embar assment all together. He was' not even aware of any other cause. It had never occurred to his greater mind that she could be so petty as to fret uader the interruption which their visitors had made in her life. He had thought that the other matter was the cause of her dulness and silence, and generously had put an end to it, not by re quiring any sacrifice from her, but by making one in his own person. She sat silent trying to realise all this, but unable to get quite free from the confusion and dimness that had invaded her soul. (TO BH CONTEtnTED.) 