COLONIAL DRAMAS OF EXILE. « God bless ydu, sir ; stand me a cup of coffee and a roll at George's stall, for i am starving !" The speaker was a tall, emaciated, and rather dissipatod looking man ; yet in whom dilapidated garments and thectinging- i 1 Till A mi ATI i ness of penury coma nut -T T: „ and manner of a gentleman. The witching hour of midnight was now far behind us, the morning was cold and raw, and the needy applicant looked the very impersona tion of misery. His modest request was granted with the addition of a hot saveloy ; and, this greedily devoured, we wandered with him into the night to learn somewhat of his career. " You to know what I have been, he said. It would be easier, I fancy , to tell you what I have not been, since I have tried most pro fessions, and failed., in all. Heigho Memory is a ghost I would rather not raise its visits sadden me, and drive me to drown thought with brandy or opium iLI can earn the money. Yes, yes," he continued mus ingly, "I have much to look back upon, and, if my chest tells me truly, but little now to look forward to. Well, well, the sooner it's over the sooner to sleep, and farewell to the bar and its moaning. It may seem strange to you, but I am the victim of intense buoy ancy of spirits. This has brought me to my present state. - At school I was the darling of the scholars and the dread of the master, because I positively could not resist my pro pensity for prank-playing ; at college the same, though here my pranks assumed a practical character and developed .'into joking ; . so much so that those right reverend signors, the college dons, recommended my rustication, for & term or two, that my animal spirits might have time to evaporate. This, however, my estimable old dad — long 8inoe sleeping with his fathers, God bless him — - could not brook. His son rusticated was a disgrace he could never bear, hence I was despatched hither to push my fortunes upon a small ' annual allowance always forestalled. What did I do, you ask ? Name a profession save the clerical I have not tried. Banking ' showed me my prodigious talents did not lie In the way of finance ; mercantile work that I had »o head for figures; counter-jumping that I had developed a penchant for flirting with etur pretty customers ; the stage that I was never destined to wear the buskin ; newB paper work that, however easy it is to read a newspaper, it is no easy matter to write it. I have been a barman, where I imbibed a fondness for the clinking cannikin ; a stock rider, an omnibus driver, a railway porter, a lumper, and am now — a loafer Humph ! and they say success is only perseverance long wrought out ; peste ! idle chatterers who ' talk glibly of what they don't under stand. Well, well I have maundered on long enough. Good night. Goodness knows I wish I could see you every night," and with his head sunk on his breast, in thought, the outcast passed away out of sight. Alas, he is not alone in his misery. How many soldiers in the phalanx of crimeare there who commenced with prospects as- bright as his, but whom some outward twist has everlastingly ruined. Sometimes their own hand has wrought the destruction ; sometimes the hand of others, mayhap, neat and dear. Easy is it to shatter a life ; how difficult to reclaim it. . Easy also to break a young heart, but bow im possible ever to mend it. Such are our dramas of exile. Exiles are they from hope, from love — nay, even from pity — the children now of disappointment and remorse. Here is one whom absolute crime has ren dered an exile on colonial shores. He also had commenced life with bright prospects, had seemingly the ball of fortune at his foot, but in an evil hour took to gambling, ruined himself at Monaco and Baden-Baden, forged a friend's name upon a cheque that was to free him from a temporary embarrassment, and was obliged to take leg-bail to avoid imprisonment. Now he is the hardened criminal who has proclaimed a war against society, .who considers every new chum legitimate quarry for his rapacity, who would fain avenge on the world his downfall from high estate, not acknowledging himself to be the wrong-do r. Then we have the wai£ whom the drink-demon has possessed, who would stake life, health, eternal happi ness,- against a glass of brandy — he, whom his friends thought to reform by despatching to a plaee where he would have no friends to tempt him into indulgence. Alas, from the day in which he landed on Sandridge Eiera guileless "new chum," his career has een a record of failures. Possessed of supreme ability — of which he is but too conscious — well read and well versed in the details of his profession, he has persis tently put off abnegation of his master sin until that, to-morrow which is the equiva lent of the Greek Kalends. Lower and yet lower he sinks in the social scale ; those in terested in him at first can now interest themselves no more in one bent upon com mitting social suicide ; gradually one by one they drop off until he walks the streets of our city an exile indeed, friendless, homeless hopeless, and still striving to drown the pain at his heart with the presence of the demon who has wrecked his life. Sometimes of a morning, when his head is aching with his night's debauch his limbs stiff from sleeping in the chill night air, his eyes dull and lustreless, he feals the full force of the miffhrt Aflw.Jcgjy existence, but give him his morning 4 4 nob bier," and once more he is firm in the fiend's grasp— firm as was Prometheus of old on Caucasus in the grip of his adamantine chains. Yonder, wearily pacing tho streets through the hours of the long night is another grey-haired exile whom the God of Love years ago had banished to colonial shores He had loved and been loved ; h£i | . lived for a time m the fools' paradise of 4 woman s smiles, until he saw those smiW ! ' as he t iought, beaming upon anothS And then, without explanation sonoht- i had shattered his life by abruptly biUw off a prospective union that would hav? developed him into a grander ««£ man—shattered his life to find afei wards, when as an exfle he Victorian shores, that the heart hVhj esteemed false was true to him after all, j and bad silently broken because its ideal had I turned to clay. Oh, these infinite tragedies I in commonplace lives the world never hears I f !— tragedies of whieh an Aeschylus or a I Shakespeare alone can adequately touch the I intensity. And -so our exile will move on in I the ghastly procession of human suffering, I until he reacheth that welcome hole in the I bridge of life destined for him, through I which he will drop silently— nay, gladly— j into the tide of oblivion, to be seen, and to 1 be known no more. Then we have the man I whom ambition hath exiled, who became I discontented with steady work and moderate I remuneration jst home, who desired to make I a fortune by some sudden coupdcmaitre. I He caught the gold fever years ago, eame j out to V ictoria impressed with the idea he I wSg on the highway to wealth, bat has 1 spent the best years of life, even until he is fl grizzled, old, and bent in the search after 1 that " patch," which never comes. Pro- I bably he will find it in the 6ft. of soil | wherein he will lie when earth shall return | to earth, ashes to ashes, and dust to dust. | Here, too, in the procession of exiles, is the | aged commercial man whom the failure of 1 the Western Bank years ago has driven I from him country and his hearth. He was I to precede his family to Victoria, was to fl make a comfortable home for them, his fl manly stipulation being, despite their remon strances, that they should not come to him until he had goined for himself a permanent position. Bat the months and then the years slipped Saway, and still he was little nearer his goal — able, it is true, to snpport them at home, but unable to face the ad- adtional test of bringing them to. a new 1 nd. Slowly hope began to die out of the brave old heart, flis cherished wife died far from him, his children formed" new and dear relationships, and were scattered north, south, east, and west, until new be was alone in a world of busy men, as utterly ' alone as any desert anohorite He toe has | earnest longing for the time when life shall | ftViima to evensong, and the ftens dirmtt'f of fl his existence be said. Or we have the exile I whom the love of travel led to wander from 1 his fatherland, but who has never sue- | seeded in getting back yet ; or him whom ® wasting disease has so reduced that, as a last h ckanoe for restoration, exile from his native 1 oountry has been pronounoed. These tw 1 seem knit together in a common bond of 1 sympathy. They talk of days and scenes j| gone by with a tender, beautiful reverence 4 which it is almost cruel to tell them is only romance. Shall they ever wituefs these hallowed spots again ? Who can teli ? The 1 urn of fate brings forth many strange lots |) from its recesses, and there is yet left to £ them hope — Pandoras' last and greatest gift. t And so this procession of exiles day by day | files past us, thrilling and mournful. Day ?; by day do these sad dramas continue to unfold themselves — dramas instinct with the deepest pathos, as well as with the most solemn warning—dramas fr rhich, as j against the defip moral background of Greek tragedy, is written in letters of fire the soul -stirring inscription — 44 Up and doing ? — the day is nearly spent — the night cometh % when no man can work." « ' is 