. ,* .- -.- -^-C1^11®1':''' -Th ghnost in.Hamlet was a waiter, r he 'said-? Remember me." . . :If.a man is neverscolded by his wife yot may be perfectly sure'thatfhe is dead. .Greal men too often have greater faults! than little men can find room for.-Lander. i .Everybody is willing to take religion when .e-has got out of the world all'it can giv himfi-.: t .. .--. .V -He bebmeth 6poor that deaTethwith a slaclohand, Lbut-tlhe hand of" the diligent maketh:rich.- - Wofi- gooduwimerh. outsould aays -li eptmshut..iWinien are seluom Ni 'herriadcis-kiss are they really doing to rach'lther iwhat'. they! would'liat men should doitooilieniim ; ; i . i^ . It iw e aow geerally allowd .t hto ne never rctliy findsi nia ouit unil, oneo I s'wthe hours h carin.be founi'in.i '" ';^ iJi'^9! ,-Sicadal is'.lwhat tone-half-be world takes illesire in "inventing, and tllic uier half Elqual Thereisa orld ofwm n the saying, ' t;ie r y1nmother-in:law ,o come?'nd stay wilthyou, buiti ot all 'th.lime.'. l;j - j -.A :singikarmarriage " is the ading;to a arIgraph in one ofthe dailies Thu that w<athe game that two had to play atb.' PThie' man who is ini the wrong uses hard iVords'and soft argutniensi while thi mian who isWin the iight uses soft words and hard argu ents. 'Choose for your friend him Itbat is wisd and good, and secret and just, ingenitus and ionest, naildin those things which have aJatittud use :yourown lilxrty. . " . J f ; .A .young lady in an-office;is:soiparticular 'holit her personal appearance, that she'always takes a peep in the miirrorbefore answering a call at the telephone.?i.---, .-,, . , " He lives longest of all who looks back often citTwhose life is miost pop-itlourofth'ouglit or action, and on every retrospect makes the vast est picture.-Campbelld. . Scene-Country churchyard. Countryman (who'is ~hpwiug, trrit i the lions): SThere's-?hc-p ?l ya?iutrd mither lies, an' if I'm spared an wcel whaur I'll lie tae."' -Man-whose- leaven-erected-face--- I The smiles ofJlie adorn,1, M! , l-- a Man's inhfaniiihi iyij toian " \- Makescountless thousands mourn. (; * -;=-'.-*--t-?"^ " A, a Negro minister on d?biservedi to: is Therers at rteclose o ofehiberoeon; aoa ows " iy very, otiiiaboiis obethenI fiii ni-'i's .h ras shopper- :i arknee buckles.ie.l"?ehed Walking ao in-armid a to said ito.h a end, "These two ejust eitual.s o w tone highway wtbfed to the army- but as neither ws bread t6 e e ha d trid~it the~atw.h" i m ,? manlls ithe hiycian heareisponse thoBcais ift iste a owyer and ka doctor-your money or your life l ^g1T'' If .t with him. Hisg h jwoi but his iorIf lyo' .dn'( liket, o'.oiur.Tsona.pr? ;wh 1p cLk-:Brohwn, a well known, workrn g tailor, [ind itoyou like? w id a petulantiesti in list an overOn ide arishion ier attened was-teme ihe corner ofhi pew and m es him thinkthe devil is aftirg i then you preah lik:arest I shall l h?conveerter, , they hasot the a sidet to whether te had.bin ii? ?lr tothe plauseyto the navy , opeckh citered, and they.took theh o . faskita g iu te s k said Wiidlt'hYets his Lordship himself Lord Erskine r elied that " first he was bred. to the navy, thenhe swasnbred to the army eplbut neither wandaad to h'iiý?Ee hatd trida thelaw.1 nsrz t i*Al lendjs told i of, Mr.XRobert Snutar. -Snipepitithorr tesirtbosf taming that savare beast, thie critic, bywtht M r. I'lwbr an orris nvie ye foed a decent supitrty o?pii 1en to - frost with him. Risbook-wi i o ud lanbt his literary and anecdotic conversation bored his Vuotst'; svher-e'pon saidit rRohdrtht Soular; A- jhfi- up Toli)'*O tOje hoose-gieius less o. your laek- and- nialtr-o'-yourfairmanwine&'X tAlrcktBrown, a well known. working tailor, in Edinburgh, was ilso a charatcteilstic in his ony On one occaion hi attcindeid'!a tempe antic meeting In the city, -durinigan adidress itieon by a shabbily: dressed speaker, he frefirently. called-out ," Order,-,rder, -when. .hethought the audience-t were InterruptiIn by' *hiilkoloripel applauie After one pfAlcck's 1outabusts site speaker said vi"t~illthat.gentle 'min please I iniMre omWhRt kind (f order he wants?" itOh 1. replied Ieets'Jqitla undauni' led, " if ye pit It that stay, I'll Ink' an order ifae yO ( ia decent suittlo c61 es Q 