1 STORMY Ml. ? a, — CHA|?TEB XXVL EUTH FOLLOWS 'VSB BDACK GHOST — WHAT HAPPENE D AT TEHE TOMB. Birth -was not at iftie tea-table. She had been confined to her bed all day. Perfect as her con stitution was, it was not proof against the suc cessive influences of e:f citJement, fatigue, anxiety, and grief — all of which she had undergone in less than forty-eight hour 5. They opened the door to than insiduous enemy o£' health — ever lurking in rich alluvial regons— malaria* In the sleepless night that followed after she he»rd of Brentwood's arrest, Buth was seized with a ** chill,' for the first time in her life, a real, teeth-chattering ague, suc ceeded by a fever thatj throbbed in her veins and flamed in her cheeks so fiercely as to have the appearance of a serious illness. But -maini-ipi disturbances of this kjnd are of short duration, though the attack will be repeated in a day or two unless warded off tuy an antidote introduced in the system or by thti resisting vitality of the system itself. Euth's iirm, young physique, full charged with electricity, would find no difficulty in conquering 'Captafin Shake.' She had seen ague and fever before and was not frightened about herself. She called up no one in the niglit, and next morning ehe forbade Monk saying anything more to Mrs. Harland than that she was not fery well. But -when the fever rose to its height, which was wiien Selma was gone on her early ride to Wentworth, she began to talk wildly, and Monk, alarmed, ran to De Castro and reported that ' dat young white ooman mighty sick, and talMn' out of her head.' . Carlos hurried to her 'bedside. Her red cheeks and wild looks filled 'him with concern. He hastily bathed her hot 5ittle hands and head with cold water, and soon succeeded in cooling the fever heat. She looked at him recognizingly and smiled her thanks. Tfhe pathos of her smile, of her long, wet Ias3i.es, and sweet, sad mouth, moved the emotional 'boy. 'Oh! B'uth, forgive me!' he cried, leaning over her in. a passion. 0* remorseful tenderness. She held out her laandj he covered it with losses. You will be a ^fri^oid to him and to me ?' she said. 'Yes/ he answer**!, in a choking voice. He longed so to be some thing nearer and dearer to her. He had one of h is old passionate impulses to snatch her to his breas t and say : * You are mine ! No friend, no sister, but' all my own!' But he curbed the impulse; he restrained himself, though the struggle w.as hard. He would not distress her any more wit h his wild passion. It was almost the first unseVfish prompting he had ever acted upon. % « Yes, I will do what I c*.th for him ; I will do anything to make amends. And I will try to be only your friend, your brother, dear Buth, if you will take such a good-for-nothing for a brother,' he said, forcing a smile to cheer iier. He wanted to go at once for a doctor, butButJi would not let ' I fiha.n soon be well/ she said j *ih;e fever is going off/ In a little while the fever had left her, ^and her white lids looked drowsy. Not till she had dropped ^asleep did Carlos leave her, with a charge to Monk \o attend her faithfully. She did not wake .till eyening, when Monk came with her tea that Mi's* Harland had sent. The lady did not come hei1 «e3f. 'She's walMn' up and down in her room like some vrald sumpin in a cage,' reported Monk, as she helped Buth to dress. ' Bimeby she'll fling herself o,u de sofy wid her cloze on, and dare she'll be when 5C bring her fresh water for de night. Lord knows when she goes to bed ! I ain't seen her. And Mr. Castrum's done gone to his room to write letters, he say, and Ole Hagan he done put his gun on his shoulder and gone sneakin' roun' to be de -deff of some er dem night prowlers, he d'clar. He mighty scared somebody gwine to git a poor little -chichen or a wormy peach ? off er dis place. He wuss now de dog done sick, and Uncle Peter done tuck him to de quarter to doctor }iim for conjer/ ' I should think Hagan would be afraid of the black ghost/ Euth paid, in order to draw out the little quadroon upon a matter that had more than once crossed her fevered mind that day. But Monk looked at her askance. ' You can't ketch me in dat trap/ she said. 'My «ars ache now where Phemy puQ. um and pinch did, 'cause she say I tole yon tales. Yon done tell what I say to you;' 'Why should you wish to be secret about it? It is something that should be looked into. I saw it myseli. ' You done saw de black ghost ? Did it 'speare in blue light, down by de tomb, like it done when ? ' Suddenly recollecting her determination to be reticent on this subject, she 1 stopped, shrugged her Email shoulders with a grimace, and gather ing up the tea things, made her exit. Her long, restless sleep during the after noon made Euth wakeful for the sight. She sat, anxiously reflecting how she might help Brentwood TTa.rTn.Tifl. It was likely that, ? in foi« morbid indifference about 'hi« fate, he would not employ counsel to defend him. She determined she would see Mr. Boultby, and ask him to take the case. If her cousin had not told him the manner of his father's death and the circumstance that led' to it, ehe would inform him of every particular as she had heard it from Brentwood. It might lead to the lawyer being able to establish a conspiracy be tween the two chief witnesses, Mrs. Harland and the overseer. Surely there must be, even in this half -civilised region, some way by which justice, in a trial where there were judge and jury, could defeat such flagrant falsehood and misconceiving prejudice. Butt's hopeful, energetic spirit took the brighter view of the matter, and prompted her to act rather than repine. Had she known that the trial of ' her Irinama.-n was so dose at hand, and the time in which to act was narrowed to a point, ehe would have felt more despondent. As it was, she busied herself with schemes for helping him, among which was findiyig out the real character of Tr«Ea'nj and his relations with -Mrs. Harland,' with a view to Betting aside the testimony of the two. The night wore on while she Eat trying to Ehape her plans. At length the silver-toned clock down stairs began to strike for midnight. Once again, following close on the twelfth stroke she heard the peculiar sound of a clock alarm. She started up, wfth a sudden recollection of the black figure she piad seen just after this hour on the first night of her arrival here. Might it not appear again P ' She determined to watch -for it. '??_?-. ? ' ? . :.; She opened the door softly and stole to the window at the end of ±he -corridor, where she had watched before. SW stood there looking outsome minutes. The moon, now worn: to -a. half-crcole, was showing its^ifarery.edgeebovflthe'dB!rk~xam tggttmtaraaaes feomfS* 'ofc&asfc; of ;£er watch, when suddenly her dreamy gaze was caught and quickened by a sight of the black ghost. The same tall, black shape, the same gliding motion. When it came under her line of vision, it seemed just to have emerged from the shadow of some fig bushes that grew in that part of the orchard next the yard. It moved on, as before, in the direction of the tomb. As Euth looked after the dusky apparition, seen now for the second time, the thought came into her mind to follow it — to try and ascertain what it was, and what was the object of its midnight visit to the tomb. She was wakeful and excited; the impulse to investigate the strange phenomenon was strong upon her — stronger than the mere prompting of curiosity. An unseen hand seemed drawing her on to follow the mysterious shape. She yielded to it. She crept downstairs. She expected to find the hall door fastened and the key in the lock on the inside ; but the door was not locked, and she opened it cautiously and passed- out, appar ently without having disturbed any one. She made her way into the orchard. The black figure had just crossed the style and entered the open grove in which was the tomb. Euth walked rapidly across the orchard, yet steering her course with caution, -keeping as much aspossibble within the shadow of the trees. Her own dress was so dark as to seem black at night, and she had a dark veil 'thrown over her head. The tomb was so built that its left side was to ward the house and' orchard ; its entrance faced the heap of ruins on the knoll hard by, which had once been the home 'of its builder. More than half the tomb lay in the shadow of the great live oak } but the entrance was lighted by the moon. Euth could not aee the door, as it was in the farther end of the building ; but she saw some thing as she drew near which told her that the figure she pursued stood at the entrance of the tomb. She saw a shadow, proiected long and dark, straight out from the lighted end of the building. ' The figure stands hesitating, perhaps listen ing, on the low step before the door/ thought Euth. She stood close behind the trunk of the live oak, and bent her ear to catch any sound that might come from the mysterious visitant. As she stood there she beheld a phenomenon that filled her with amazement. A few feet from her, close to the base of the tomb in that part of it that was in shadow, she eaw a faint blue light spreading itself weirdly over the vines and weeds that thickly screened the lower part of the building. This must be the blue light Monk had told of as accompany ing the disappearance of the ghost. Could it be a luminous gas escaping from the earth P Euth did not **'«- so. She left the tree and stepped nearer to examine the weird radi ance. She held her hand in its pale, ghostly gleam. She was stooping down to discover, if possible, its origin, when she heard a grating sound as of a key turning in the lock. A few stealthy steps brought her to the upper end of the tomb, and cautiously peering around she had a vanishing glimpse of the black appari tion as it passed into the tomb. She heard the heavy door close and the key turn again in the lock. What did this mean ? Who had the key of the tomb in possession but Mrs. Harland ? Was she the black ghost ? Why did she pay midnight visits to this gloomy abode of death ? Was it to weep and pray over the husband she had loved none too well ? or was ehe a sleep-walker, drawn here by secret remorse, that would not let her rest quietly in her bed. Euth felt that she must try bo£find out. She had a vague, instinctive feeling tnat the solution of this mystery might throw soi^e light on the darker passages of Sehna's, and perhaps, Hagan's history ; and so might benen$ tf&e; prisoner in the gloomy old gaol at Wentw*ari;h. She drt\w a $tep back, and stood close to the tomb, listening intently for some sound within. But if sounjl there was, the thick walls kept the secret. *The .^tiUness of the June night was un broken, save by fthe hoot of a far-off owl, and the monotonous chi-tping 01 insects. 'Yes, now tl^ere was something else — some- bhing that made j^vth's stout heart quail. There was the sound of EiV;Ps approaching the tomb on bhe other side. That long stride, * he knew it, though now it was cautious and steaj^hy. It was the overseer. Buth, valiant though ,she was, stood in mortal iread of the gaunt, evil-i^yed giant. She crouched down among the tall wetV,ls that grew thick about bhe base of the building. The steps came on. Th»9,v stopped at the door of the tomb. The slant moon-rays threw the Long, stoop-shouldered, shadow across the ground. A. hand tried the fastening; of the door. Euth beard a muttered oath, as of liisappointment, at finding the door locked. Then the shadow disappeaijod- She conjee bured that its owner had leaned ' cagainst the wall or sat down on the low step, ancX was waiting for bhe appearance of whoever had goJo.e within.' Moments passed; the overseer shifted, his posi tion, and muttered impatiently. 22c th crouched Low, like a trembling brown partridge when the hawk is nigh. A quarter of an honf iad. passed, it seemed, since the black 'ghost we&t; Sato the tombywhen the key again grated in toe lock, the door opened, and a rustling sound Tjefeajyed the presence outside of the black-robed figure. * So you've come at last!' said HaganV voice, gruff but low. ' Why have you dogged my steps again ?' , The voice was Selma Harlands'. The-&p.pw-; ledge made Euth start, though she was half pre pared for it. * I came to make sure that you kept yourpi^v. mise/ Hagan answered. *' I made no promise.* * I exacted |one, and your silence gave assent. But whether you promised it or not, this must be ' the last tune that you come here, Give me that key!' There was -an interval of silence ; then Selnia's voice was heard, broken and pleading : ' 3b there no other way ? Could we not get off in ihs night P Might not a disguise — a ? ' *No1 I have told you no. It would be found out— it would ruin us ! There is no way but this — -a quick way, a sure way. We have run an infernal risk already — we run it every day — all through you. But I will have no more shilly shallying — that I am determined on ! We will end thie, and we will leave. You have no need to wait for the sale. You have money. I have found it out.' 'Through your negro spy !' *2To matter hojf. You have plenty of money, and yet you have kept me here — you have stayed here at this -place you say is like a grave, and why P Because you cherished a hope Sat Brent Harland would come back, that you would get in with him, -and tjuit the country with Wiiw -some night, leaving me in the lurch. Well, lie djd yome '.back— the fool!— and- yopi tried him foi« morning. He :threw youjpff asiedidrbefpre. Fd throw you off, jbpo, if Iaraai'tacussediool about you! But I must love you and follow you to the end. That's mv fate. Ifs got to be a habit with me— a mor^. mania! ; I can't-fling itr off- But I'll hav^, j^1 more^iilly-6ha]ly. ? '?|Tott^^ye.^a^e;'inV^hi^j ili^!S»m^iu^r;i£3o i^Baa^M^ax-^j^i^Sms: 'r j' tMsonjnillfi.XLOW.* IGrive'xie wia'tr^exa' '' ': ' '* Silence followed, succeeded by the sound of a struggle. A low cry of anger and despair broke from Selma. Hagan breathed out, in panting undertones : ' By the Lord, you've got an iron grip ! I hated to force your hand open. ? I hurt yon, Fm afraid. I wouldn't have bruised those little fingers for my right hand. But you held on to the key so, and I was bound to have it — for your good, my sweet. We must go through with this now. There's no turning back. And it's no crime, really— ifs only hastening what must come in a little while. And what a relief it will be ! No more hourly dread, and suspense, and trouble ! No more need to play ghost ; no ? What, you won't listen ? You're gone ! But I've got the -key, and you dare not turn informer. You are as deep in the mire as I am. You hate me, but you are mine all the same.' He muttered the last words to himself. The woman in the black robe and mask of black crape had broken from him, and was walking away with swift distracted steps. As she walked she wrung her hands together, and whispered, over and over to herself : ' Lost for ever ! Lost for ever/ 