NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Farewell! The two P's. Going north. Two good men. And Palmerston Should be grateful. T. K. Pater a first-rater. North Adelaide in tears, Sing, "Weep, weep, all weep." Will ye no come back again? Mr. E. T. Smith the new Minister. Eloquence and legal acumen leaving; Off to the land of sugar and of rice. Three cheers for the plucky Minister. Alderman Fox at Parliament knocks. Rain has fallen on the north-east route. Orders for shot-guns coming from Unley. How ambitious our aldermen are getting. Six candidates already for West Adelaide. Alderman Jones, M.P. How nice it looks! One step from City Council to Parliament —eh? In Dublin there is a refuge for starving cats. Fire epidemic has spread to Thebarton now. R.M.S. Swinger now made fast at Prince's wharf. And now Mr. Parsons on Palmerston fastens. France not likely to give up the Recidi- veste Bill. No evidence to show how Leaver's fire originated. Mr. E. T. Smith the new Minister of Education. Herbert Spencer does not seek Parliamen- tary honors. Enthronement of Bishop Barry at Sydney next month. Hanlan, the Canadian sculler, has arrived at Auckland. Osman Digna defiant. He means despe- rate fighting. Cricket match in Melbourne abandoned owing to rain. The brothers Redmond have arrived at Queenstown. An attempt has been made to dynamite the Comte de Paris. Rather noisy local option meeting at Nor- wood last night. To what base uses may we not descend— even Parliament. Mr. Krichauff wanted for Albert and Victoria districts. Australian Eleven v. Fifteen of South Aus- tralia on Thursday. The Minister of Education going to the Northern Territory. The programme of the City of Adelaide re- gatta has been issued. Six years of parliamentary experience, and three years a Minister. General Gordon can't relieve Khartoum without a British force. Mr. Markey again president of the Licensed Victuallers Association. Mr. T. K. Pater to be special magistrate at the Northern Territory. ''Little Red Riding Hood" is the great draw at the Marionettes. "Music," said Alfred de Musset, "has made me believe in God." Several influential Arab sheikhs submit- ting to British authority. What will Mr. Rees say about the new Ministerial appointment? The education rate for London is now eightpence in the pound. Who is going to get in for West Adelaide over some one else's shoulders? Mr. George Darrell's "Sunny South" has met with considerable applause. Our new Minister of Education attacked the principles of local option last night. A Bill is to be introduced into the House of Commons to abolish grocers' grog licences. The Mayor of Kensington and Norwood denies that he is on the side of the "drunks." It is believed that the work of the proposed Palestine canal can be practically carried out. A Woodside elector wants any increased taxation to be obtained from tobacco and beer. In four weeks Londoners have enjoyed the liberal allowance of ten minutes of sunshine per diem. Mr. Rees had not heard of the new ap- pointment when he was addressing his con- stituents. The Northern Territory is evidently fond of the sweet pea—first Price, and now Parsons and Pater. Frederick Maccabe, the veteran ventrilo- quist, has given a performance before the Prince of Wales. It is probable that a system of insuring parcels sent by post will be brought into force in England. Those who wish to see the Marionettes have not much time to lose. This is their last week in Adelaide. In American hotels one is charged so much by the day, and there are no "extras" nor "tips" to servants. Mr. Redmond is quite right in telling the Irish people that Australians don't sympa- thise with outrages. Zukertort, the winner of the late inter- national chess tournament in London, is now visiting Canada. It is said that Mrs. Langtry intends to open a theatre of her own in London. Where will her money go then? Marr, of Sydney, and Jarvis, or W. Gifien, of Adelaide, will probably be asked to join the Australian Eleven. There would have been no spectators at the cricket match in Melbourne yesterday, and the Australian Eleven didn't see it. Some German members of the Social Democratic Club, in London, have been in- terrupting Salvation Army meetings. The Princess of Wales was greatly amused by her visit to Lord Arlington's white farm, where every beast end bird is spotless white. A Mr. Barlow-Kennett gives £500 every year in order that the comfort and con- venience of Dublin cats may be looked after. Up to the 11th of December last 29 tons 13¾cwt. of "valueless" State papers were destroyed by Her Majesty's stationery office. A naughty unbelieving paper refers to George's "Progress and Poverty" as "Pro- gress backwards, and poverty of argument." The mastiff is an efficient beast, and when he is hungry he will bite a murderer, a gas inspector, or an insurance agent, with much enthusiasm. A Vienna workman out of work, houseless, starving, having nothing to give his children to eat, cut the throat of the youngest "for pity," he said. In arranging the representatives of Spain abroad London is to be the only capital of Europe to which a Conservative ambassador will not be sent. Ross has beaten Bubear by fifteen lengths in a sculling match for £100 over the course from Putney to Morilake, although Bubear had 10 seconds start. By direction of King Humbert, in future at the State banquets and Court dinners, Italian wines alone will be served, with the exception of champagne. Barnum for an advertising spec got two supposed Buddhist priests to go through a ridiculous ceremony intended as a worship of the dirty white elephant. The William Tell trick in England nearly proved fatal. Captain Austin tried to shoot a potato off his daughter's head, missed his aim, the bullet entered her skull. Mr. Gladstone has thanked Mr. Giffen for his "answer" to Mr. Henry George. In America a journal suggests the best answer to George is generally considered to be a broad grin. Sir Samuel Baker, the well-known ex- plorer, compares General Gordon to Noah's dove, and fears that like the bird on its third mission the general will "return not again" to England. A ghost directory is, it is said, being pre- pared by a London Psychical Society, which will gives the names, residences, business, and general reputation of all the ghosts in the United Kingdom. A youngster in a London hospital would mot engage in conversation. At last the drew out a penny, and holding it out asked "What is that?" "Heads," promptly replied the sufferer. Sir Wilfrid Lawson considers that Mr. Gladstone is like the Israelites, not in fea- tures but in the fact that they found it easy enough to get into Egypt but it was only a miracle that they got out. 