The Enchanted Forest. Once upon a time there lived in Hungary, on the shores of a lake, a boy and a girl. There was a great wood all round the lake, and they lived between the wood and the lake. The boy's name was Frits, and the girl's Vera. Their mother and father had died when they were young, and left them to take care of themselves. It was not very hard to get food, as there were plenty of berries and fruit growing in the wood, and fish in the lake. They were all alone, as no one could come through the wood, some parts of which were enchanted. Many unfortu nate knights had tried to come, but had always disappeared, no one knew where; but it was supposed that they bad been seized and carried off by a wicked magician who lived there in his castle. Where Fritz and Vera lived there were not any goblins or ghosts, except good ones, as Fritz's father had cast a magic spell over their part of the wood, and they were able to live in peace. The evil spirits had tried to break the magic spell which had been thrown over the children, but never could. They revenged themselves, when they found they could not break the spell, by seizing all mortals who came to their part of the wood, though they could not always kill them. One day Fritz went out to get wood. It was a lovely day, though cold. Fritz got a good load of wood, but he thought he would not go home just yet, but take a little walk on his own account. 80 he put his wood down under a tree, marked the tree, and then he went on. lie had gone a good way, and was thinking of turning home, when he heard a sound of sobbing. Fritz wondered what it was, and thought he woidd go and see. So he grasped his axe firmly in his hand and advanced cautiously. There, sitting on the ground, with her face in her hands, was a young girl, weeping. She lifted her head when she heard Fritz, and he saw that she was very beautiful. " Whst's the matter?" asked Fritz, "Oh!" said the girl, "I have lost all ray goats. They were feeding on the mountains, and something frightened them away into this forest. 1 followed them here, and now I have lost my way." " Can I help you?" asked Fritz. "Yes; if you will come with me oat of this wood I should be very glad. It is a good distance, but it is early yet." They had walked a good way without speaking, when Fritz said: "We are near your cottage now, aren't we ?" and turned round to her. But she had dissappeared. "Why, where has she gone, I wonder?" said Fritz in surprise. "I never saw her go." Then the thought Hashed across his mind that she was a spirit, and had been sent to bring him into the enchanted part of the forest "Well," said he to himself, " this is a nice state of things! How am I to get home, I wonder? Well, I suppose I may as well start, and try to get home as quick as I can." So he picked up his axe and started. Suddenly he heard strange un earthly noises. He looked up, and saw hundreds and thousands of little white goblins dancing round him. He struck at them with his axe, but they all vanished, and he heard them laughing a good distance away. Then he heard a rustling sound close to him. He looked round and saw a great tall spirit. " Who are you?" Fritz asked. "I have come to help you." answered the spirit. "I am one of the good fairies that live in the wood. My family are nearly extinct in this part of the world, owing to the magician having banished us for having helped poor people who got lost here: but there are still a good many of us on the other side." Fritz waa rather doubtful as to whether this was really a good spirit, as he had been mis taken once. So he asked him some charm questions which none but the good spirits could say. The spirit answered them correctly, and Frits was sure then. Frit* asked him where the magician lived. " We are near his castle now." said the spirit. Then he went on telling him that the magician had all the mortals that he had not killed shut up in the castle in the form of birds and beasts of prey. He had taken all the gold and treasures they had. Fritz asked him if the treasures could be got at. "Yes," answered the spirit: " but it would be very hard. Nothing could be done without 1 the charms." " But," saidjFritz, " we could get the charms if we got all the good spirits to help us, couldn't we?" " Wehave been trying a long time," answered the spirit, "but we could not do it without a mortal to help us." " Well," said Fritz, " I would like to release the prisoners if you will help me !* " Very well," the spirit said, "we will tome to-morrow." They were near the cottage now, so Frit* said that the spirit could go, thanking hid) for his kindness. "Oh no ! that's nothing," said the spirit, " we would gladly have helped any mortal that needed our protection, but we could not; and we could not always be there." Meanwhile vera was very frightened, and wan thinking th«t something mast havo happened to Fritz, so when he came home she was very glad. Fritz told her all, where he had been, and everything, and they had tea. The next day Fritz went to the border of the Enchanted Forest to wait for the spirit. There he saw an enormously great hideously ugly man with a long beard and great staring eyes. His mouth was open, and he was gnash ing his great teeth with rage. Fritz's heart sank, for it was the great magician himself. "So you are here, my fine fellow," the magician said, chuckling; " I have you at last. Now. you have to come along, and I am going to kill you." " Oh, no," said Fritz, "yon are not going to get me so quick," and he made a cut at him with his axe; to his surprise the axe went right through the magician without hurting him, and he suddenly turned round and grasped hold of him. The next thing that Fritz knew, the magician was holding pirn by the hair and flying through the air with him. Presently he stopped and put Fritz down, and took out an enormous knife, or scythe, for it looked more like the last-named artiole than a knife, and was just going to kill him, when suddenly the spirit, along with some other spirits, came and rushed up, and took away the magician's knife, and took possession of him. "Now," the first spirit, Fritz's friend, said, you must come and show us where the prisoners are kept, and their money." The old magician very sulkily led them to a great oak tree; there was a hole under the oak tree, and the magician put down his hand and took out three cabinets. " Now," he said, " the first of these cabinets has copper^ in it, the second silver, and the Fritz took them and put them in his pocket, and then they went to the castle, and the old magician showed them where the prisoners were. After they had turned the birds and beasts into men and women again, the spirit told Fritz how he had just managed to save him by coming in the right time. The spirit had gone to the border of the enchanted forest along with his brothers, the other spirits, just after the magician had taken Fritz, and they saw the magician flying along, and so they went in hot haste.to the charmed place where the old goblin was. Fortunately, the goblin had gone out, so they managed to get the charas easily. Then they went as fast as they could to the place where the magician and Fritz were, for they knew the spot, as the magician generally killed his victims there, and just managed to get there in time to save Fritz. Among the people that they saved was a young prince. He said that he had loved a young princess, but she would not marry him unless he went and killed the magician by himself. He would not do it at first, but at last he went. Then some of the goblins caught him, and took him to the magician, who shut him up and would not let him out. All the other prisoners had stories to tell, which would be too long to tell here. Fritz gave all their money to them, and kept the rest himself. He cut down all the forest, and fixed up the castle so that he could live in it; and all the prisoners who had lost their homes came there to live. The spirits and goblins all went away when the forest was cut down. At last the prince found that the princess was dead, so he came and married Vera, and they all lived happy after. Bee. Queen Victoria wishes to purchase the Villa Nayada, at Cannes, where Prince Leopold died. She proposes to convert it into a memorial chapel. 