The result of the recent harvest, as shown by the official statistics for 1883 4, which, however, h? yet are oqly partial, i$ sn far foreshadowed as to poiivey a geqerjil idea of ts character in a re munerative sense. The arpq repre sented as lender whe.at is estimated at 940,985 acres, and the yield 1 3,063, 50 1 bushels, or an average of 13-89 bushels per acre. The average yield qf oats was within a fraction of 25 bushels per acre, of potatoes, 4 ton? per acre, and of hay, 1 ton? per acre. The returns for the Shire of Avoca are as yet incom pleted, showing only 2,471 acres as having be,en under wheat, 813 acres under oats, one acre only under pota toes, and 1,884 acres under hay. Lax- ton Shire, the returns from \yhich are given as complete, had 864 acres under wheat, 1,461 under oats, 45 under potatoes, and 1,341 acres under hay cyop. In the Sfawell Shire the area under wheqt amounted to 10,152 acires ; wheat, 776 acres, potatoes, 8, and hgy 3,450,. Talbot Shire had 1,245 acres under wheat cultivation, 810 acres-under oats, 3,9 acres under potatoes, and 2,09.9 acres under hay. The gross product qi the crops, subject to the same in completeness so far as Avoca is con cerned, is for this shire 27,554 bushels of wheat, 16,415 of oats, 3 tons potatoes and 2,312 tons of hay. Our next door neighbour, the Talbot Shire, produced considerably Jess wheat than we did, the return giving 15,9,73 bushels of wheat against our 27,500. bushels of the same cereal. The latter shire, however con tributed 18,306 bushels of oats, a trifle abpve our ovyn, but exceeded us in the product of potatoes (74 tons), its return for hay being 4,091 tons. But the difference may be more than counter balanced when our returns are sent in in full. The Tullaroop Shire, which has Maryborough for it? head quarters, pro duced 38,714 bushels of wheat, 22,756 bushels of oats, 3 tons of potatoes, and 6,344 tons of hay, which is a very fair return. St. Arnaud Shire tops the list with the ample yield of 2,499,154 bushels of wheat, 79,329 bushels of oats, 58 tons of potatoes and 28.935 tons of hay as its gross product, which latter yield is the,largest of all. The St. Arnaud Shii e would thus appear to be in the van this year, and to have been favoured greatly ip that it is usually a dry and early district. The average produce per acre is given as 13/89 bushels of wheat, 24 96 bushels of oats, 4 tons per acre of potatoes, and hay 1'44 tons. The re sult undoubtedly shows that the people ! of this colony haye much cause for thankfulness at the bounteous nature of the harvest, which means plenty, and prosperity for all classes. The fruit season, we all know, has been unusually prolific, forcibly illustrating the bene ficial rpsu'ts which would undoubtedly attend the establishment of a Fruit Pre- serving and Jam Manufactory in the district. YYb prqducp a great deal more of the lqspious fruits o.f the earth than we can cqnspme ourselves, qnd, there- foy.e? if iye could preserve it with re munerative results, we shoqld not only b.e conferring a booif on the producers o.f this and other favoured district?, but affording relief to many thousand? in populous nitie?, to whqm, in the hot snm- iper months espebially, preserved whole some fruit, would co.me to as bqth a hoon and a blessing, ?upRlying the place of the ippre costly article, and proving a healthful nd acceptable change from the rauk unctuosity of the material which tle vendor?, with srpiling face?, have, the astounding " nerve," cool effrontery, and impervious hardi hood to palm off as " butter" iq the metropolitan centres of the colony. The tendency and general policy of the French would appear to b.e unmistake- bly and aggravatingly bellicose at the present juncture of affairs, and many people who. are desirous of the main tenance of the existing entente, cordial between England and France will sin cerely rpgret tiffs too obvious fact. There is hardly a discerning boy in the colonies iyho is unacquainted \yith the intense feeling of opposition to the inundation of the island? ef the "Wes tern Pacific by the French reeidiviste, o.r relapsed professional criminal, be cause it is a moral certainty that these social leper? apd ho.peless malefactors will not only in process of time, con vert the beautiful islands of Polynesia into. ?o many living hells, but ultimately tend to very materially strengthen the criminal element; affe'ady too largely existent in Australasiq. It may he accepted with equal certainty that, whatever the policy cf England may be in regard tq this all- important ques tion, the colonies o,n their part 'will Deither tamely nor supinely, view the conversion of the fertile, and beautiful islands composing Polynesia into so many depots for the reception of tfie worst and most hardened of the callous, criminals of the, French population. The intelligence, which is dqted March 11, states that the English Ambassador, at Paris has assured our Agent-General in London that the French Premier (M. J ules Ferry) is determined to pass the Bill for the transportation of the re.cidivistes to the isles qf the Western Pacific, and, furthermore, that M F err.y resents the hostility of the. Australia? to. the measure. This will h.e. regarded as bad neys, and, knowing the temper of the Australian people on the. subject, it is easy tq foresee that war may' eve.n- tqate,. Englaud has herself ce.a?ed to. foi?t her criminals, upon us in defe rence to the. c.olo.nistsj and it is hardly likely that any foreign power will be permitted to. endanger onr peace. a,nd welfare by setting up a criminal c. tr.b- lishment next dqor. Qnly the other day a ne.farious ?cheme was exposed and timely nipped in the buff for entrap ping yo.ung. females in Sidney for thp purpose of sending them to New Cale donia, there to subserve, the very vilest purposes, though ostensibly they were, "vyanted to fill honourable and re- muuo.rauvt) 3ituaLiu.ua. xuis qLLempt at vyholesale prostitution was happily frus trated by the prompt action f tl10 authorities; but it furoihjy illustrates the danger to which the colonies will be subjected by the transformation of the lovely islands of the Western Pacific intq receptacles for the criminal filth and scurq of aliqn countries. The lines o.f Justice are sometimes very uneyenly drawn, and occasionally startle a pro,saic matter-of- fact loving public. People, who in spite of all arithmetical jugglery to the contrary, still have the pertinacity and hardihood to believe that two and two make four, notwithstanding the illogical <ffofcurB the quota is 5, are often atq lq?s to reconcile sentences to the gravity of the offences. Recently, for example, fo,r shooting dead a girl named Co.ste.lloe, at Qliffe's Hotel, the prisoner, one Jame? Coonan, was sen tenced to 12 months1 imprisonment, but for stealing the revolver with whioh, pre sumably, he committed the avyful crime, he was sent to gaol for. two years! So that if we are to take the relative enor mity of these fwo offences it \yas the stealing of the revolver, qnd not the shooting of the girl, that constituted the grave-men of the crime. Really (he \yays , of Justice are sometimes hopelessly in scrutable and surpass human under standing. - A strange story given as a iqMter-qf-fact and narrated as being as " true $s the gospel" is now going the rounds xq Awoca. There is on the western side of the nyer a tenement in the occupation of a married couple named Dyer whose nocturnal slum bers have been rudely disturbed by a ghostly apparition at the witching hour of night. The dread visitant stalks into the dormitory in a most mysterious, terrifying manner, and without further ado clutches at the bsd-clothes pulling them off in spite of all resistance, and finally vanishing like a vapour of smoke. This sort of thing has been experienced for several nights in succession and ic so affrighted the man and wife as to compel them to fly from the house. The tradition is that ever since a woman died there under grievous circum- stances-rrhaving been dead two or three days before discovery — the house has ac cording to all accounts, been haunted and that no one can be induced to occupy it for any length of time, in consequence of the circumstance surrouudiug her death. It is certainly true that the house cannot find a permanent occupant and that no sooner is a new tenant found for it, than it is vacated. As the new-comers find it impossibleo to sleep on account of the strange and weird noises that assail the oar. The last occu pant has had his nerve? rudely shaken by the occurrence and ha? evidently sus tained a rude shock to. the nervous system. He refuses to live in the house now al though, when at first told of the pheno menon he scorned the idea with an as sumption of bravado that led to the beief that he would prove a, tough customer or the ghost to deal with, he has now gathered up his chattels and made a precipitate re treat to his old and more genial abode. About eight or ten months ago, a man and his three sons took possession of the same dwelling but were ?o constantly annoyed for nights in succession by the removal of the bed-clothes and noises, a? well as by ex periencing a sensation as if some light disembodied spirits were walking over the sleepers. Both man and wife, who are not superstitious people and who last lived in the house, declare it to be haunted. We beg to remind the public that the annual harvest thanksgiving services will be conducted iu St. jo.hn's Church on Sun day next at 11 a.trp and 7 p.m. by the Rev. H. E. Goqpar, M.A., the Bishop's Chap lain, and tlie incumbent, the Rev. J. A. Ball. The sacred edifice will be suitably decqf?ted by (ha young Indies of the congregation with festoons qf the varipd fruits and cereal products of the earth, emblematic qf the occasion. The opportunity i? onp i which the cultivator of the soil has ? special inter rest, whether agricultural, horticultural, or bucolic and W' present aq appropriate means for general and united rejoicing. Mr Cooper will hold a service at Arpphir theatre iu the. afternoon at 3 o'clock. A concert and readings were given in the Avoca Lead School last evening with thp object of raising funds to enable a man named Flucinie Sti Jagq, who, has lost onp of his hands, to proceed to his native coun try. There was a to.lerably large attendapce , and Mr D. O'Donoghue occupied the chair. Owing, However, to the unexpected absence of the gentleman who had promised to pre side at the harmonium the concert lacked the liveliness that a little instrumental music would have imparted ; but on the whole the entertainment afforded abundaut amuse ment. The proceed? amounted to. between £5 and £o.. St. Patrick's day occurs on Monday next, and will be. observed as a partial holiday. Business, howevpr, will be transacted as usual, and access can b.e had to the Avoca Sub-Treasury as. on ordinary days for busi ness purposes. Sports have b.een impro vised in several gdjacent towns, including Maryborough ; but with the Easter holi days in full view, commencing with the 11th of next month (Good Friday), no doubt holiday seekers will keep their sp?re casl for that pvent. The tendency of the day is to sweep away thpse " old-timp''' distinctions whic.h, although good enough for the old country, are out of place in this new land, where the.ir commemoration so. frequently leads to the perpetuation of class animosities that should be buried in oblivjon. And Young Australia wisely show? no disposff tion to adopt the hereditary fe\xd? o> the parent sto.ck. Unpaid account? are lying at (ha Sub- Treasury, Avoca, fo.r payment tq J. Dour- qein, J. C. Classen, and E. McKinnon. Mr Jno. F. Paten announces, that he 'will submit to public auetio.n to-morro.w, qt 12 noon, the blacksmith's shop, with its goods and chattels, the property of the late Mr. Frederick Restall, together with a, eot(age. and a small quantity of household furniture without reserve, at Moon?mbel. At o.ne q'eloek to-morrow Mr ffno. F. Paten will offer for. sale by public competi tion at auction at the Commercial Hotel, Moooaiixbel, abp.ut 77 acres of ls,nd consist ing of two allotments of excellent quality, in the. parish of Warrenmang. A cricket ma(c.h between the Homebush and Craigie (flubs to.ok place op S.atqrday last qu the. ground of tbe latter. The res pective team? were, captained b.y Austin for. Craigie, and Bell for. Homebush. The. match waS virtually a one. inning's, yietory for thq Homebqsh team, wlio scqred 9.1 in, o.ne innings. The. figures for Craigie were 45, for the first and 23 vyitLi sorqe wickets, to. fall for the secon.d innings. We are. des.ired to, i.nffmate to. those laffies, anff gentleiqe.n in the. district wh.o wer®. Un ab.leto. participate in, (he Cra.UZ Memorial eqtertainment pti Friday night last, either throqgh the weather or any pther caq?e, that Mr G. R>. Macadam will gladly take charge of a.uy subscriptions they may fie disposed tq. give in aid qf the object. A rno.st difficult operation was performed at the Amhqryt -Hospital ou Wednesday. A resident of Craigie pam,e to Dr Ro.binso.q for relief for. an earache with which he hjid b.een troubled fo.r four month?, fffter great troqb.le the docter extracted a large bearded oat frorq the interior o,f the. map'? bead, of tlx? presence of whioh the patient had been entirely igcprant. The paiq has now ceased. A new industry is to, be started at Mary ba rough in the sha'pe of a boiler manu factory, the principal? of which qra Messrs. Cartes o.f Ballarat. Abo.pt six hands will fie employed at first, and a si-bqra power engine used. Yesterday was the anniversary qf the marriage o.f tfie Duke q.f Con naught, and to-day is that of the shooting at Pffnce ; Alfred, in Sydney in lS.fifi, The Crimean armistice, after a lengthy war with Russia, was signed on, Mffrcfi 15.Lh, ISofi, 24 years, ago to-morrow. S.undaj next will be the third ip Lent. "Vy-e hear that Mr Berry is disposed to. sympathise with (he prayec of the petition presented for the. release of the engine- driver Jones, who.se aberration, led to the overwinding of the cage at the Duke mine, Timor, killing fopr "men, and who was sentenced to six mopth?' imprisonment for the offence. . The Rev. ff.. Yance, of the Presbyterian Church, Maryborough, is about to return to Ireland through ill-health. The congre gation look with favour on the Rev. Mr Mackenzie, of Collingwood, as his successor. The recent promotion of Mr Wheeler, formerly olerk o.f courts at Geelong, to the position of police magistrate, has capsed a number of change? among the clerks of courts. Mr Johns, gp.es from Stawell to Geelong, Mr Holme? from Hoisham to Stawell, Mr M'Luckie from Inglewopd to Horsham, and Mr Maude from Mansfield tolnglewood. In addition, Mr Mulligan is to be transferred from Ballarat East to Sandhurst, and he will fie relieved by Mr Whelan, of the City coqrt, Melbourne. The black trackers and the police are searching the banks of the Wimmera River about Horsham to find the gold and notes of which the Eank was. robbed a few days ago. As usual, of course, " the police haye a clue!" What is wanted is a clue to tie murderer at Pettavel, the murderer at Pierre point, as well as the rob bey. at Horgham. The Maryborough Advertiser recommeuds the following to publicans about Melbourne who are troubled with the larrikin class. A landlady iu this district who had no marital protector was troubled a few njgbts ago with some young fellows to the number of fifteen, who arrived at her house under the influence of too much " Maldon." They weie very abusive ou being refused any drink, and ultimately commenced to ffght amongst themselves. The landlady obtained from the kitchen a lump of red hot charcoal which she placed on the counter, plentifully sprinkled with cayenne pepper. The effect was magical. The puugent fumes soon affected the thrpats and nosirfis of the comfiatants, who speedily cleared out of the premises. The landlady, who was watch ing from the outside, prepared with a wet towel, to protect herself from the fumes, removed the vessel from the counter and shut out her objectionable visitors. Relative, tp. the Hffrsham Bank robbery a telegram ?tates that the police and Mel bourne detectives are extremely reticent as to the information at their disposal res pecting the robbers of the bank. The de tectives, however, hare well-grounded sus picion as to the perpetrator of the crime, and an arrest is hourly expeoted to be made. The black trackers, acoompanied by the police, have actively searched the banks of the Wimmera River in the direction of North Brighton. Although no traces of the stolen treasure were fouxxd, it is known thai the detectives had a very good grounds for making the search. 