WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDNEY, Author o£ " A Woman's Glory," &c.; When we two parted In ailtnce and tears, Hall broken-hearted To sever for years.—Byron. Chapter III.—Scheming. Tee bell-voices, heard so loudly in the old High-street, drifted faiotly and sweetly over the far-reaching gardens of Oakenhurst. Across the thickets of choice roses, banks ablaze with the glories of geraniums and cal ceolarias ; spaceB of green velvet sward; deli • eate ferns, showing their dainty fronds against gray rockeries, the chime floated on until it swept in through the open windows of Mies Delmont's boudoir, "You need not go on reading," said the heiress's voice, .coming languidly from a sofa. "There's nothing more soothing than the sound of distant bells, and your book is very stupid. It is a goody book, written on purpose to bore people on Sunday afternoons, I think . I shall go to sleep now, Mrs, Gosae shut the book with a supressed sigh of relief; The day waa warm, the air heavy and sweet with the scent of the roses which were trained aH round the windows, , and she longed to close her eyes. Zee was fond of faking long naps in the daytime,! but her night slumbers were often broken. The sofa in the boudoir was a favo rite resting-place; it'was a luxurious couch, covered with satin and furnished with plump pillows that invited repose. She lay quite still, a slender figure draped in fawn-colored silk and lace; and Mrs. Gosae glanced at her with a stealthy look. Somehow, all Miss Delmont's people were in the b&bit; of regarding her with stealthy looks; the curious uncertainty of her temper kept them in a state of dread. Now and then she became-conscious of these furtive glances, and bitterly resented them. Of all things she hated being slily watched and studied, and the companion, it was observed, studiously avoided ldoking at her too much. Mrs. Gosse was undeniably clever in her Own fashion,-although-her attainments were of a superficial kind. Even Mr. Delmont— good, easy man—had hinted that his daugh ter's governess ought to have been a more thoroughly cultivated woman. But she had presented herself at a time when Zoe's heal'h gave her father the gravest anxiety. The girl needed a pleasant friend more than a teacher; she could not learn much, nor had she any thirst for instruction. Mrs, Gosse might be shallow, but she had a soft winning manner, and understood the art of amusing, and Zoe would not have her sent away. So she stayed; and staying, glided easily from the post of governess to that of com panion. The housekeeper, a sensible woman who bad contrived to make her young mistress understand that she was not a slave, some times spoke pityingly of Mrs. Gosse, The companion endured insults and taunts which the servants wonld never have borne. Had she any feelings ? Nobody knew. If she had ever possessed pride and self-respect it was certain that she must have bartered them long ago for ease and luxury. To be well paid, well fed, and well dressed Mrs. Gesso would have patiently suifered some of the worst humiliations that a woman could know. In this passion for self-in dulgence the key of her character wa3 to bo . found, She was naturally of a placid temper, ber health was good, her appetite excellent; the stinging words that must have drawn bitter tears from a more irritable person, scarcely called a flush into her calm, fair face. As a chaperon and companion she was per feet, always ready to speak at the right moment, and (more wonderful still) quite as ready to hold her peace. Having assured herself that Zoe was really asleep, she quietly put the book aside and lesnt back comfortably in her low chair. Then, as if a sudden thought had struck her, she opened her half closed eyes, and glanced at the timepiece. " A quarter past three she said to her self. "Notime for a doze; it's hard that I should be persecuted. What can he want; why can't he leave me in peace 2" She gave another look at the sleeper on the sofa, then rose cautiously, and glided out through the glass door that opened upon the terrace. A parasol lay half hidden among the creepers, evidently placed there in readi ness for the afternoon Btroll. She took it up, opened it, and walked away into one of the glades that mado a passage through the shrubbery. The way went on and on, leading through a beautiful growth of firs and larches, mingled here and there with ornamental shrub3. Dog roses, piDk and white, hung out their flowery wreaths; the woodbine, less con spicuous, revealed its presence by its overpowering sweetness. The plaoe was a bit of a fairyland, the soft, well kept path might have led straight to Titania's throne ; but no sylvan fancies occupied Mrs. Gosse's mind as she followed its leadings. Her face, usually so tranquil, was no w faintly flushed, and once or twice she drew a long breath. Evidently the errar.d that had called her forth wa3 not a business of pleasure, and for her this scented glade possessed no charm to day. She wait a plump, graceful woman, gifted with natural elegance and walking with a sort of unduiatirg motion which was attractive. ,/ace' ^a'-e aD(* ^a'r> wai delicately moulded, ami retained all the beautiful out lines of her younger days. The grey eyes were*, little weary; the golden Uair was slightly sprinkled with silver, but it was as soft and p<cntiful as cvtK, and always arI?E^e£ Wltk ^eateBt simplicity. Mrs. Gosse was too wise to fight against, time; she yielded gracefully to its advances, and dressed up to, her age. In her sombre brown satin and rich lace she still possessed a power of attraction which not a few of her younger ard more blooming sisters nr'ght have envied. By degrees the trees began to thin a little and the glade widened at last into a small space of sward, bounded by a laurel hedge and rustic fence. A gate in the fence opened into a narrow lane, shady and quiet; and here a man was slowly pacing, and smoking a cigarette. Catching sight of Mrs. Gosse on the other lifted his. hn^'J10 fluDg the garotte away, .»mi. , ,' an<* came to her at oace. n IbankB for coming," he said, courteously. deal toaay?"0' °y0UtWnk? 1 hftve aSreafc "Will you be long in saying It?" she asked. "Perhaps. You can spare me half au hour. I hope!" "I may be missed," she said, with some uneasiness In her tone. "And 1 don't like standing here at the gate; some one walking in the lane may see me and recognise me." " It will be better for me to come inside," he answered; " we shall be screened by the hedge. Is the gate padlocked ?" 1 Yes, but I have brought the key." He looked approvingly at the soft white hands, busy with the padlock, and noted a handsome Louia Quinze ring upon one of the fingers. In another moment he was standing inside the gate. "You haven't quite discarded thif relic of old days," he said, lightly touching the ring. "Uo." She spoke indifferently. "Here is a seatmnder the trees; we shall not be in terrupted, I think; this-part of the grounds is generally quite deserted." She had led the way to a bench in the shade, and he placed himself by her side. All the world around them seemed to be asleep in the afternoon sunshine. Meither footstep, nor voices were'to be heard in the lane, and in the soft gloom of the larches and firs there was absolute re tirement. For a few seconds the two on the bench kept silence; he toyed with his stick; she sat motionless, lightly clasping the handle of her closed parasol, and letting the dicker ing shadows play over her uncovered head. "You have kept a good deal of your old beauty, Sophy," he remarked at last. "Did you send for me to tell me that?" she aBked, coldly. "Mo; but I didn't think my little compli ment would be unwelcome. You don't seem very pleased to see an old friend." She turned her face slowly and looked at him with questioning eyes. " Giles," she said, I want to know why you have summoned me ? You belong to the past, and you have come back like a ghost. Tell me quickly what brings you here?" " My letter told you that I was mi3e -ably hard up," he replied. "I said, too, fiat I had known many troubles. Yet you don't speak a word of sympathy." "Indeed, I am very Borry for you." She spoke with plaintivo gentleness. "But I have no help to give; I am only a poor de pendent." "Do you suppose I would take your money?" he asked angrily. "I'm not sunk quite so low as that. Was I so contemptible in the old days that you should suspect me of meanness now ?' She looked at him again, almost implor. icgly this time, and thought within herself that he was little changed since those old days. The sleeping light in his large, dark grey eyes had always been very easily awakened, and they shone now with all the lustre of the past. "Don't be aDgry," she pleaded. "I, too, have had bitter troubles, bix years ago I was turned adrift on the world, and did not know where to find a home. My nerves are not so strong as they used to be; I am sometimes terribly afraid of losing the shelter I have gained." " How did you hear of Oakenhurst ?"' " I went to Lady Markham in my distress, end she told me of this place. Mr. Delmont was alive then; a letter of introduction was written, and I came here, and saw the father and daughter. Zoe was delicate, aud could not study much. She liked me in her way, and so I stayed on." " Did Lady Markham know the history of your married life ?" A rush of color swept across her pale face. " She knew a little," she said, clasping and unclasping her hands. "It was a terrible life, Giles; I can hardly bear to think about it." " He was very bad, I suppose ?" " I cannot speak of him. We went from one Continental gambling-place to another— there was no rest—no comfort—no common kindness for me! I believe I endured every misery that a woman can know." " Poor Sophy, you were cruelly deceived, You thought you were going to walk through green pastures, and beside still waters! Well, anyhow, I'm glad to find you so pleasantly situated here." " By the way, Giles, how did you find me ?" " That's easily explained. There's a certain Walter Barrett who has voluntarily attached himself to my fortunes, and serves me with the steadiest fidelity. His people live in these parts, and we are now on a visit to them. Walter, who is a garrulous lad, chattered about your little heiress, and pointed her out to me last Friday afternoon." " Last Friday ! We were out driving." " Exactly, You were sitting by her side in the carriage, and I recognised you at the first glance. In truth, I was so glad to see you, Sophy, that I forgot to look at the heiress." The faint flush tinged her cheek again, and she began to trifle nervously with her sun shade. He saw the momentary embarrass ment, and was amuBed, 441 knew at onoe*" he went on, "that with your help I could obtain all I wanted. Hitherto I've been cruelly unsuccessful with heiresses; but you will not let me fail in this case. Sophy,. I have set my mind on marry ing Miss Delmont." The flush vanished; her eyes opened-widoly in utter astonishment, and them came a little laugh of soorn. "Preposterous!" she said, giving her head a slight toss. " You may just as well set your mind on the moon. Fifteen thousand a year is not to he easily won by an adventurer, my dear Giles. Forgive me if I speak too plainly." "A great many splendid prizes are won by adventurers," he answered, coolly. " In fact, I think they are more lucky than your steady-going men. The parents and guar dians fight shy of us, but the daughters always like us. If it hadn't been for an old mother with eyes in the back of her head I should have carried off a girl with ten thou, sand a year last summer. But now that I've lighted on the little Delmont I'm glad that the other escaped me." " Let me caution you against false hopes. The little Delmont is not the sort of girl who can be sentimentally wooed. She never reads poetry; she doesn't care for novels; she is entirely absorbed in contemplating herself and her possessions, and yet I never knew anyone who got less enjoyment out of life. There is no channel through which you could reach her heart; in short, I don't believe that she has a heart at all." He smiled. "You need not think you are goiog to scare me off, Sophy. I care nothing at all about her heart, but it may be quite possible to take her fancy." " I have never seen her captivated in the least; she is utterly unlike any girl I have ever known. Her caprice is past belief; if she had a alight liking for you to-day, she would hate you to-morrow. She thinks aud speaks of all her acquaintances, men and women, with an ineffable contempt. 'They all cringe to me.' she says; 41 could buy and sell every one of them.' It i3 disgusting to hear her talk." " Poor Sophy," he said again, in a tone of ironical pity. _ 44 You must have a great deal to bear! Evidently she is an exasperating little woman; but I think I could manage her." 44 You are not hard-hearted enough forsuch a task. If she is ever ruled it will be with a rod of iron." •40b, I've wonderfully hardened of late," he said, locking steadily into his companion's face. 44 There isn't much softness in the G iles Lyoucourt of to- day." She returned his glance thoughtfully and sadly. He waB a slight, well made man, very quiet in manner and movement; and in spite of thirty-eight years his face still kept some youthful curves about the mouth and-chin. It was a face in which every feature harmonised perfectly with the rest, and although not faultlessly moulded it must have been beauti ful in boyhood. The charm of a geutle melancholy lingered about it yot, softening all the traces of a wild life, aud turning blame into pity. As a child Giles Lyoncourt bad often escaped punishment by reason of that pensive look, and women, especially, were seldom unmoved by its influence. 44 Well," he asked, after a pause, 44do you see many outward changes in me, Sophy?" 44 Mot many," she returned, frankly. "You are sunburnt, and your hair and moustache are darker; jes, and your face is thinner. But the oxpiesaiou is just the same." 44 You used to tell me I could make women fond of xne," he raid, laughing. 4'You see I don't forget your old flatteries !" 44 Some we men would like you, Giles, but Mieb Delmont is unattainable. And now, have you baid all that you w »nted- to say ?" 44Mot quite all, I am in a desperate case, Sophy. You must help mo to wiu this girl." 441 have told you that I can do nothiog," she answered, wuh some Impatience, 441 am sorry for you; but you know I am helpless and poor; and I muss take cars of my own fortune?." She made a movement to rise from her seat; but he detained her with a l'ght toucb. 4'Siay,"he said, sternly. "I haven't done yet. It >8 useless to say you osn do nothing. 1'ou owe me a heavy deb-.. Sophy, aai tbe time has come for you to pay it. Tniak a moment befcre you refuse me." 44 You are mad, Giles," she said nervously, 44 What tan I do? Is MissDolmont'shand at rr-y disposal ?" 44 Mo, but I have learnt that sho is more influenced by you than by any one rh:. I know your way of getting a quiet hold on one who is always with you. Bcmemberttut you spoiled my life, and then consider whether it is worth your while to make this poor compensation." " I hoped you had forgiven and forgotten," she said, in a shaken voice. 44 In truth, Giles, ? 8iv r£<^'.i00' wereyouDg and foolish In those old days; our marriage was only a dream, \ ou knew how unfit I wa3 to struggle with poverty. Try to think as charitably of me as you can, for the old love's sake." " I?,?n'tT.esk me anything for the old love's fake!' Ilia face was set ominously. 44Do you ever realise what that love did for ma ? It changed my whole nature, and sent me going down hill S3 fast a3 my bitterest enemy could wish. You gave tne hope, promise— the expectation of a wife's honest love, and a home. All this might have been a dream to you, but it was a reality to me. I lived upon that dream, I toiled for it day and night; ay, and I was such an utter fool in those days that I even prayed for it!" There was an instant's pause, but she could neither move .nor speak. He went on piti lessly. "Do you remember our last parting? It was only to be a short parting, I thought; and I wondered why your face was so cold and white, and why your words were so few? Later on I did know. Even then—even while I was striving my hardest to win you a home —you were plotting your elopement with the supposed millionaire; the man who cheated you with a sham fortune, as yon had cheated me with a sham love!" He had not raised his voice, and the tone was as low and soft as if he had been talking mere drawing - room trivialities. Any one coming suddenly upon the pair might have thought them a couple of idlers, spending a lazy hour in the fragrant Bhadows of the evergreens, In front of them, on the space cf_ velvet green, the light was warm and bright; juBt over their heads a blackbird was pcuring out its trills in an ecstacy of summer gladness; a lark went soaring high above them into the cloudless blue. There was another pause that lasted nearly a minute perhaps, and then, drawing a long breath, Mrs. Gosse nerved herself to speak again. "Tell me what to do," she said, "and it shall be done. Every command of yours shall be obeyed at any cost. If we work together in this matter it is possible that we may Bucceed; at any rate, it Bhall not be my fault if we fail. As for the past—well, you would not listen to excuses even if I were foolish enough to make them. You can never forgive me, I know; I wronged you more deeply than I thought. Now for your iirst directions; how are we to begin?" She, too, had spoken very quietly, but not without a strong effort. Her cheeks and lips were perfectly colorless before she had got to the end of her speech. He looked at her sharply for a moment. " There is to be flower show on Tuesday." He spoke in a matter-of-fact tone. " We are to be there," she answered. " I have promised to go with the Barretts," he went on. " It would be a good oppor tunity for an introduction. Wo will meet a3 old friends, you and I; aud you will do your best to awaken Miss Delmont'a interest in me." "You may rely on me," she said, rising. "ButyoumuBt let me go now; I am afraid of being missed. If there is anything else to say you can write." He, too, had risen, and was regarding her with a curious, thoughtful look. She did not meet his glance, and they walked together to the gate. "Goodbye, Sophy," he said, going back to bis former friendly manner. " If I win I shall take care that you are not a loser." "Good-bye," she returned simply. And then he went his way. Chapter IV.—After the Prayer. MEETING, The long summer Sunday was drawing to a close at last. Evening services were over; the doers of. the Nettleford churches were shut, and the congregations had gone to their home s. But in a certain humble little chapel, outside the town, the worshippers had lingered for a special prayer-meeting. For seventy years thislonely tabernacle had been the beloved resort of a small and faithful dock, and to them it was verily and indeed the house of the Lord. It stood in the angle of a field; but when the foundation stone was laid, the ground around it had been waste land, growing gorse and blackberry bushes. Nowadays, .in summer time, the purple clover pressed up close to its plain brick walls, and it could only be approached by a narrow path leading out of the highway. It was as austerely Bimple a building as the sternest Puritan could desire; there was a large door at one end for the people, and a small one at the other end for the minister; and the inside was as light as whitewash-and common glass windows could make it. No dim, religious gloom pervaded Sion Chapel; no carving em bellished its pnlpit of wood; no white- robed choristers conducted its service of song. The pastor gave out the hymns, and the younger men and women led the singing, just as their grandfathers and grandmothers had done be fore them. Mr. Meade had been the minister of the little meeting-house for forty years. He belonged to a race that is fast dying out of the religious world—the race of pil grims. To him, and to those like him, the term of their earthly days was veritably a journey, and the common troubles of this world were borne much as the traveller bears the incon veniences of a strange country. Bough or smooth, the way must be traversed ; it was the appointed path leading safely and surely to the happy end. And as with the troubles, so with the joys ; they were accepted grate fully, yet with the firm conviction that it was best to hold them with a loose clasp. The "continuing city" was not here ; the inheri tance of the sons of God lay beyond the con fines of earth and time, and to them it was no dream. They saw it—their Canaan—in their sleeping and waking hours; they talked of it to each other as familiarly as school boys talk of their distant home. If one was taken early from among'them, what then? The Lord had spared him a weary mile or two, and had led him by a short road to the promised land. There were tears, there were heart-yearnings for the departed, but no doubts. He was waiting for them safe, and at peace, on the other side of the river. It; was one of these sudden and early deaths which had occasioned the special prayer meet ing. Quietly, and with grave looks, the little band emerged from the chapel into the soft summer dusk; and the wind, which had been asleep all day, began to whieper to the clover blossoms. The fresh breath of the fields came sweeping into their faces as they turned towards the town agaiD, going resolutely back to tho duties and burdens that must be taken up on the morrow. One or two women were crying a little; but the chief mourners were composed, and bore their sorrow with a certain quiet dignity. They were a man and woman, well stricken in years, small shop keepers, who had led a steady life and put by their saviDgs for tho son who would never want them now. The wife, leaning heavily on her husband's arm, came to a sudden pause in the lane, and turned her face wistfully towards the chapel door. '•I want to speak a word to Lydia Meade," she said, in a low voice, Some one who heard her stepped back into tho meeting house ; and in the next instant a youDg woman came quickly out, andh&9tened to the spot where tho old couple were stand ing. " Lydia," said the poor mother, taking the girl's hand, "you are as dear as a daughter to me. If he had lived, you wouid have been my daughter indeed. There's a strong bond between you and me my dear; you loved him, didn't you, Lydia?" The youDg woman hadagenfcle, modcstface, that quickly revealed any passing feeling. She colored, and her eyes filled with tears. "I think everybody loved him," she an swered softly. "He was so good, Mrs. Bewick, and he is so sadly missed. I caa't tell how our Sunday-school will get on without him." "Another will be raised up to take his place," said the father, solemnly; it's the Lord's work, and He will find hands to do it." "You'll never forget that you belonged to him, Lydia," the mother went on. " You gave him your promise on that last night; ab, dear, how little we knew it would be the last. And you had never promised any man before?" " Never." "No, no ; ycu were always slow in making friends^ with young men; he used to soy so. Good night, Lydia; you'll come and see me to morrow," " I will come, Mrs. Berwick; good night, may Gcd bless and comfort you." The minister and his daughter did not live in the town, but dwelt in a little cottage nearly a mile away from the chapel, Their shortest route was a footpath running across the fields, so narrow that they could not welk side by side, and so pleasant in summer »battbey loved it better than any other way. The minister went fiist with his white head slightly tent, and hi3 thoughts still busy with the sorrowing members of his flock, Lydia followed, looking out absently over the purple acres, and wondering vaguely at that inner Eclf of which she had caught a glimpse to night. He was_ dead—this good David Berrick, where wife sfce had promised to be—and people had met her with kind looks and words of earnest sympathy. And yet (she hardly oattd to acknowledge the truth to herself) tho summer air had never been sweeter to her than it was this evening; the green earth had never looked fairer than now. Every breeze that stirred the clover blossoms breathed of freedom; was she, theD, so glad to be set at liberty that she could not grieve; Ah, no ; her heart was too tender to bear tho sorrow of others without pain. And she had wept honest tears with tho poor parents in the cbnpel that- night. The first impulse of overy true mourner is to cling to those who were nearest to the lost. And Lydia, always intensely true, had been shocked to feel that sho had no such yearnings after David's friends. She longed to give comfort, but her own house was not left unto her desolate; and so conscious was she of this lack of deep regret that she almost shrank from the poor mother's clasp ing hand. That simple question—" You loved him didn't you, Lydia ?" had stung her with a keen sense of self-reprcach. She had always secretly feared that she did not love him well enough; but to night she fcnew that she had never loved him at all. Her feeling for him had been a cool, kindly liking, growing out of old acquaintance, and a sincere belief in his merit. Nothing more. Had there been but one grain of true love, this sudden death would have increased it tenfold. The lover slighted while he lives is often idealised when he dies. " If he had been spared," says the wayward heart, "I would have given him a lifetime of devotion." But not one call for the dead arose from Lydia's soul; there was nothing within her that cried "comeback"; and yet she would have given much to have felt a pang of deeper sorrow. Lydla Meade had always been a good child, one of those children with whom old fashioned training seemed to agree marvel lously welL At nineteen she was a good woman and an excellent housewife, managing, her father's small household with quiet tact. For three years the minister had beon a widower; bat in the daughter's life the' mother lived still. Her education had been conducted on the old Puritan system; she had never read a society novel, and had never seen anything in the shape of a play, save Punch and Judy, And even when Punch's four-legged theatre was set up in a neighboring held she had been balf afraid to contemplate that spec tacle of triumphant villainy to the end. It was waste of time, if nothing worse; a foolish squandering of those precious moments of which she must hereafter give account to her Maker. And yet, although novels and plays were forbidden, she had her visions of love. It is true that they were only visions the stuff that dreams are made of, but they, exercised a very red influence upon her daily life. And, strange to say, the imaginary lover who played a leading part in these fan tasies was as unlike as possible to the sub stantial lover who had wooed her in the every day world. The unreal hero had no particular occupation; he was tall, slim, and refined; the real hero was devoted to the baking business, and was short, burly, and somewhat blunt of speech, Yet the phantom had been poor David's most formidable rival. A thou sand times he {had congratulated himself on having a clear field ; but the invisible antago nist was meeting him at every turn, and foil ing all his attempts to win the prize. And then, after twelve months of vain effort, David had opened his heart to the minister, and won a favorable hearing. It had been difficult to make Lydia understand his attentions; she had persisted in regarding them as proofs of an old friendship, and he had lacked couragejto plainly declare his love. Would Mr. Meade speak for him. The minister was an old man, and, although: be bad an unworldly nature, he could not be blind to the advantages offered to his child,; It was nearly time for him to cross the river, but it might be long before she could follow; would it not be well to leave her in safe keeping on the earthly side? The Berricks, in their unpretentious way, were prosperous; they were richer than many of the large shopkeepers of Nettleford. Moreover, there was genuine goodness in David; he had: started early in lifo on the road to the Ccles tial City, End Lydia would never find him a clog to her soul. So it came to pass that tho father pleaded David's cause, far more effectually than David could have pleaded for himself; and Lydia suffered herself to be won. One evening there was a solemn family gathering in the minister's cottage. The old people conversed gravely among themselves, and David talked with Lydia in the garden. And after a little while the expectant elders saw them returning to the house together,, and heard David's formal announcement that1 she had promised to be his wife. Everybody was. satisfied, apparently; the parents betrayed their joy in a sober fashion, and good David was fairly glowing with delight. Lyd&did; not care to look at him when be glowed. The phantom lover came gliding in betwixt her and that honest red face, and she turned away to hide her own paleness, David took his first kiss that night, and it was the coldest kiss that ever was given by mortal maiden. Early on the next morning the happy lover started off to a remote village on the Devon shire coast. He had. a bachelor uncle there, a thriving farmer; and it was understood that TJncle John would do something handsome for David on his marriage. Devonshire was a long way off; but when her betrothed was gone, it must be confessed that Lydia ex perienced a sense of relief. Nearly a week went by, and then came the sad news that gave her back her freedom. David was drowned; he had gone to bathe, leaving his clothes upon the rocky shore, and a strong current had carried him away. The spot was dangerous to bathers, but the poOr fellow had been unwarned of ite perils, and had gone blindly to his doom. Uncle John was old, and either callous or stupid. He seemed to take his nephew's death with great composure, and the parents never afterwards forgave his indifference. It was now a fortnight since Lydia had heard the melancholy tidings. Poor David had been the superintendent of the little Sunday-school, and this evening tbey bad been praying that they might be guided in their choice of a successor. How sad and strange it all was! But the saddest and strangest thing was this wicked feeling of liberty, which Lydia could not stifle, let her do what she would. While she pondered, they were nearing home. The clover field was crossed, the stile climbed, and the minister was waiting for her to come and walk by his side. Ho seemed to respect her desire for silence. Morever, it was not usual Jor him to talk much on a Sunday evening, when he was fatigued with the labors of the day. They went on quietly together across a tract of breezy common where the golden wild flowers j of June were scattered profusely over the short grass, |and the thyme gave out its fra grance under their tread. And then, through an open gate, they entered another meadow, now just ready for the mowing. Here there was a wide way, furrowed by the tracks of heavy wheels; on each side rose the tall grass, full of clover tassels and ox-eye daisies, rustling softly in the vesper wind. Those great daisies, with their broad yellow discs and white rays, had an indescribable charm for Lydia. At the sight of their bold bright faces she forgot her troubled thoughts, and stooped to gather them, Mr. Meade glanced at her in silent surprise. Here she was, plucking daisies with all the eager pleasure of a child, and David, her promised husband, wa3 lyiDg in his watery grave. She returned to his side with a hand ful of flowers; and theD, meeting his grave eyes, she flushed, and felt guilty and sad. " They'll all be cut down in a day or two," she remarked, in a tone of apology. '' My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass," said the minister solemnly. The little cottage stood in a corner of the meadow, and had its garden and orchard pro tected by a low fence. Beyond the meadow and fence lay a wide pasture, with footpaths running through it to a neighboring village. No other house was near Mr. Meade's dwel ling ; the green pastures, shaded by fine old trees, and the broad meadow, with its gay, wild flowers, divided him from the habitations of his fellow men, Nancy, the young servant, had gone home before the prayer meeting, and opened the door at the first click of the gate. Instead of goiDg at once to her own room to lay aside her bonnet, Lydia passed the girl, and went out through the passage to the back of the house. The garden, well stocked with serviceable vegetables, was also rich in old- fashioned flowers. It bad cost Lydia a pang to go to chapel without the accustomed nosegay on her bodice; but, for the sake of appearances, she had worn her plain black gown unrelieved by a singlo blcisom, And now here were her beloved roses, welcoming her back among them, and lifting tbeir sweet faces to her as she passed along the path. The maiden-blush, delicately fragrant; tho rich damask; the pleasant old-world cabbage rose—how well she knew them all! She had walked along this very path often enough with David, buc the flowers had never had anytbing to say to him. And one day whin she bad gathered a dainty bud for his bntton-bole, she had fancied that it looked oddly out ot place there. Poor, dear, good David, why was it that he hai never succeeded in gettiDg near her heart ? There was no division between the garden and the orchard. When you had passed all the rose bushes and had come to the end of the trim rows of vegetables, you found your self under the houghs of the apple trees. The blossoms and seeds from the garden were ever straying into the orchard, aud you often met with unexpected flowers in the soft grass. It was a leafy, dreamy little place, full of the warm lights and tremulous 3hado W3 all day, and haunted by mysterious whispers in the eveniDg. Whenever Lydia chanced to bo troubled in her mind, she always betook herself to the orchard. Her trials had been few ; the only deep grief she had ever known was the death of her mother, and the teachings that she had imbibed from childhood forbade her tomorrow as those that had no hope. Moreover, she felt the subtle poetry of that faith which flings its sunshine upon the other side of the mystic river, and her mind was at rest. But to night, somewhat dissatisfied with her own mood, she wanted to examine herself and be still. It was now little more than half-past eight; and supper was deferred till nine, that the minister might meditate awhile in solitudo. She went slowly along tho narrow track under the apple trees, unconsciously humming an; old hymn tune, and listening to the faint, soothiDg rustle of the long grass. Suddenly from the top of the orchard came the sound of a sweet tenor voice singXDg, not a hj did, alao! but tho words of one of Byron's songs. Lydia, now close to the boundary fence, stood still to listen, in spite of the warning, of conscience. The voice was so mellow, the song so thrilling and sad, that she felt as if she were under a spell " When we two parted In silence and tears, Half broken-hearted, To sever for years, Pale grew thy cheek and cold, Colder thy kiss; Truly that hour foretold Sorrow to this, " The dew of the morning 8nnk chill on my brow It felt like the warning Of what I feel now. Thy vows am all broken, and light is thy fame; I bear thy name spoken, And share in its shame." (To be continued.) 