CHARLTON'S RIVAL. Br C. Haddon' Chambers. Keginald Charlton was, and in foot still is, one cf those lucky, persons who, from the day of their birth, seem to bo tho cspeoial care of Damo Fortune. He was the third nndyoungost son of a baronet, -who couljL teace hie pedigree back to about tho time of Noah. Had he been tho oldest lie would have at Ids father's death suocecdod to a title, together with an estate, which, thanks totheprincelyhabitaofthe tl'res last possessors, was then almost hopelessly mortgaged. As second born ha would bavo entered the church, nnd subsided into a parson of largo progeny and moderate income. Being the youngest, and bearing tho Christian name of a defunct and much beloved maternal uncle, whom lie resembled in appearance, lie was not only ids mother's pet, but the adoration of her two BiBtors — maiden ladies of mature age, largo means, and no especial tics. Tiie three sisters died when Reginald was in his toenB, and at twenty- one ho found ldrasolf, in conBeqaenco of their thoughtful enre, tho possessor of several thousand pounds per annum. Among the few faults Charlton possessed that of selfishness could certainly not bo num bered. He settled £500 a year upon bis brother, tho parson of large propagative in stincts, and although he and his brother the baronot were novcr 44 cousins, " he helped him with £10,000 to pay off the mortgages oa the estate. Tlieso aotB of fraternal duty completed, lie disappeared from England, and spent several years seeing tho wonderful things, nnd still more wonderful inhabitants, of tho world. Subsequently he returned to London and settled down into tho lifo usually led by young men of birth and fortune. Tho lessons tangnt by travel and contact with the world, howovcr, wore not lost upon Charlton 03 tliey are npon so many. Ho neithor made a misalliance, plunged in betting, nor lived beyond his income. At tbirty-ilx ho wns looked npon by the. most sanguino of society match makers as a confirmed bachelor, and it was in this year that ho suddenly surprisud everyone by carrying off tho belle of the sea son. The belle whq had captured our friend was Miss Edith Sliikc, a yonng lndy of very excellent connections and very small fortnno. At tho time of her marriage sho had just attained hor twonty.first birthday, threo months previous to which ovent sho had sud denly burst like a meteor npon metropolitan socioty, from tho retirement of an cstata in Devonshire, the property of her guardian, Bhe being an orphan. Society, or, at any rate, the malo portion, of it, was fairly taken by etorm, and Edith could Boon number lior suitors by double figures, ft result not at ail surprising when her charms are considered. Not only was Bhe, exceedingly .handsamo, bnt her manners Werp characterised by a freshness, a vivacity And grape ' perfectly irresistible, Hor figure wan tall and well formed hex complexion was a soft brnnotto, hor oyes a glance from whioh was like a glorious ray'ol ' light, woro grey, and her bair was dark and glosay. Altogether Charlton was looked unon by liis male friends as tho most fortunate of men. Most men when thoy marry make a verr great change in their modo of living, and to Charlton's friends It appeared for some months after his marriage that ho was not to prova an exception to tho rule. He spent nearly all liis time with his wifo, escorting her every where, nnd it was but rarely that ho was to be 8oen nt any of the old haunts of his baoliebr days. At tho expiration of a yoar, howover this state of things had gradually undergone a change. Charlton, although his love for his wifo had in no wiao nbated, was not fonil of that class of dissipation to be fonnd at what ho irreverently described as " social scrambles" — by which lie meant balls, drums, contw sazioncs, soirics, and the like—and the result was that Edith often appeared in socioty alone while hor husband spent a quiet evening at his club. Edith was by nature a jealous woman, and in her husband's club she found a rival, "Is Mr. Charlton here to-night?" gsked Lady Burwood of Edith ono evening at a ball. " No ; he is at Mb elnb," answered Edith, " Oh, the drcadfnl man ! So soon aftor his marriage, too 1" "I don't think a man's marriago rood separate him entirely from -his old friends," replied Edith hotly. She was not awaro that Lady Burivood, who was a widow, had sot her cap furiouBly at Charlton, and wa3 therefore full of venom against hor successful rival. > " My poor child I" said Lndy Burwood pityingly, "don't you know that a woman's greatestenemies are her husband's 'old frleuds4- and, believe me, clubs are fatal to domestic felicity, Mrs. Jaundice," to a lady who was passing, " you have had somo experience. What is your opinion at clnbs ?" "For single men," replied Mrs. Jaundice, " the club is an excellent institution ; it hidos their idleness from tho world. Bat far married men," continued the lady, with a significant sniff, " the club is often a cloak for worse sins than idIcno3s. Mr. Jaundice does not bclon to any." In Mrs. Jaundice's opinion thero was but one virtuous man in the world — nnd that man was Mr. Jaundice. Edith wont home early that night, and in no very comfortable frame of mind. The poisonous insinuations of hor friend had takon root, and ns a Dntural consequence Bho was miserable. Slio sat up for her husband, wh« chanced on that evening to be later than usual. For tho first time since thoir marriage she greeted him coldly, and ho wns not slaw to notice it. "Has anything happened to annoy yon?" he asked. "No," she answered; "but I think yon might have accompanied me to-night." "My darling, you know how I hate those, crowds," he protested, " although I often do accompany yon, and will do so more frequently if you wish. I had a particular appointment, with Sinclair to- night," " I wouldn't have yon martyr yourself for worlds," said Edith, frigidly. " My dear child, you are getting quito sati rical— a sure sign in your case that you are unwell. I mast take you for a change some where." But Edith declared that ehe required no change, only a littlo more nttontion. " You haven't a spark of jealousy in your disposition," sho said. " How do you knonr. what I am doing during the hours you spend ntyourolub? Some people bcliovo that with out jealousy there can be no love." " I hope you don't number yourself among those people," replied Charlton, gravely, " for thoy are very silly. A man who marries »' woman in whom ho has no confidence digs a pit for his own destruction. For my part I cannot underarand a love from tho element of which respect is absont." In this interview Charlton discovered for ' the first time that hie wife could be really uasty !. fs'no chose, nor next remark proved it conclusively. " Your scntimonts are most noble," sho said, " and beautifully expressed. I am sure that if you only spent the timo in your stndy which you wasto at your club, -you would becomo a great author." Charlton, being gifted with an angelic tern-' per, merely replied : " I think yon are a little oxcited, mv dear. Let mo rocommond a good night's rest.' Edith did not enjoy a good night's rest. She was too worried with hor new borfi sorrow te admit of hor sleeping for hours, and when at lost Bho was about to dozo off, an idea of such startling brillianoy ocourred to her that she lay awake until it was broad daylight, and she could boar tho rumble of the early traffio in » neighboring thoroughfare. Then, after having made certain resolutions, tho results of which form tile point of thie story, sho fell asleep, _ At dinner the next evening Edith's bearing to iter husband was marked by oxtromc affa bility, Sho graciously declined his thoughtful offer to escort hor to a theatre, declaring that having no other engagements Bho would spend - the evening working off some arrears of corres pondence, and Anally ehe arranged a oaraellla in his button bole, kissed him, and sent him off , to his club, Chariton departed, marvelling greatly at tho inconsistency of femalo nature. As soon as she heard tho hall door clMO after hor husband, Edith hastened te her boudoir and summonod her maid. Tin young porson, whose name was Tilly. vory dovoted to her mistress, with whom sho had come to London from tho country. was a vory neat littlo person, with fair hair,- rosy olieoko, bright brown eyes, and a very knowing expression. Having a natural taste for intrigue, Bhe ontered with gusto into too plans which Edith proceeded to unfolu to It was somo days aftor this that RogHjoM Charlton's peaco of mind began to 6'"® IJJV? ' ' to a vague uuoasiuass, tho causes of which no . could hardly explain to himself. And ye thero woro causes. , , " Excuse me, elr," said tho commissionaire whoso post of duty was on the stepB of Chart- ton'B club, one night, as tho lattor was stop ping into his cab, "I ought to toll you tea someone lias asked for you twice to-night. "Woll, why did you not send in for in® asked Chariton. ' "Because tho gentleman did not want to aw. yon, air," replied tho man | " he only wanton to know if yon woro inside."' To ft man who had committed ft crime w» wtmld havo been a Btnrtling incidont, and oven to our innocent Irioutl Charlton it appeared very strange. It wan a mystery and an unsolved mvatory regarding one's noli in at all times un pleasant. Charlton drove home that night lull of thought. Aa lie ditmiised tho cab ho ohanocd to look up suddenly at olio of tho jrindoWB in which a light burned, and at that moment ho saw, or fancied lie saw, a faeo ap pear lind tlion shrink quickly back from tho liidit, Bid liia eyes deoeivo him, or was that really tho faco of a young man with a small moustache and low crowned felt hat ? But no ; tho vision had been so sndden, so fleeting, and' so indistinct that it must have beon an optioal illusion. This thought, however, did uot provont him from trying to enter tho house aa quickly aa possible. Wllon he entered tho hall tho reception rooms wore all dark, so he made his way to his wile's bedroom. Upon trying the door of the dressing room ho found that it was locked, but Tilly oponod it immediately. lid ith was sitting in a ohnir having her hair arranged for the night. Her face woro tho expression of one exhausted with laughing at soma sublime joke, and a glance at Tilly's faco convinced Charlton that she had Leon sharing hor mis tress's mirth. i '' You don't usually look your dressing room door," lie remarked, ; "Sometimes I do,'' replied Edith, "I am dreadfully nervous of burglars." i "Burglars ! Absurd 1 You can't bo ner vous with four or five servonts in tho house. By. the bye. had you a visitor to-night ?" "No. Why do you ask 5" answered Edith, looking up at him with that air of innocence which a woman alono can assume to perfec tion; and whioh completely overcame Charl ton's half awakened suspicions, for ho hastily replied, "The idlest curiosity, my dear," and, stoop, fog, he kissed her cheek. One of the most trying situations imagin able is that in which one has every cause and inclination to laugh at a moment when it ib necessary that the inclination be restrained. This bad been Tilly's situation during tho moments occupied by tho foregoing sceno; and, unfortunately, as Charlton kissed iiis wife the struggle between merriment and aolf-restraint was so great that the result was a peculiar usssl sound common to positions of the kind. Charlton quickly raised Ida head and looked darkly from maid to mistress, both of whom were now as red as posies. "Your maid appears to suffer from a cold in the Load," he remarked at last, with pointed sarcasm. Then he turned- upon his heel, and left'tho room, banging tho door after him. Tilly looked very abashed and frightened. Indeed, madam," she said, in answer to a reproachful glance ; "I couldn't have helped it to save my life." "You Bliould have left the room if you couldn't control yourself," said Edith. " How ever," she added, to herself, " I am rather glad of It. It's quite a new and pleasant Ben. sation'to ace Regsnspicous and: jealous." It was Charlton's turn now for a bad night's rest,' aplionomonal ocourronce to a man of his oxoelleot constitution, regulnr habits, and philosophic temperament. He could not banish from his mind tho apparition at the window, with which it is not unnatural ho connected the inquiries made at tho club, and Tilly'B burst of mirth. A vory little reason ing brought him to tho conviction that his wife had received a male visitor that evening, that ithad previouslv been ascertained that ho him self was safe at his clnb, and that tbo visitor was actually in the house when ho arrived homo. But after all this was but mure supposi tion basod npon Blight evidence, for, if a man had been. in tho houso, how had he effected an exit unseen ? Edith and her maid's merri ment, -and the inquiries at tho club, might both be attributable to a hundred different causes. . Eventually ho fell into an uneasy slumber, and dreamed that Edith, Tilly and a young man, with a slight moustache and a low crowned hat, stood at his bedside pointing their fingers at him and exploding with lauglw ter. In tho morning a cold bath somewhat re stored Charlton's equanimity. Pooh i" he ejaculated, rubbing himself brrtldy with a rough towol ; " iromon aro always laughing at some absurd folly of their own, and I'm sure there's a ghost or nu appari tion in every bottle of that Bnrgnndy at the clnb, Boeides, Edith is a model of propriety." In tho afternoon, ns ho passed into tho club, seeing tho commissionaire who hod told him of the Inqnirios mado tho previous evening, he asked if tho unknown hud again called, "No, sir," replied tho man. "By the way," said Charlton, "what sort of a looking man was he ?" " Well, sip, I should say he was quite a yonngman. He was neither tall nor short, and he wore n long overcoat," " Yes ; but Ids face," interrupted Cbarlton. lWoll, sir, as I say, it was young looking and handsome, Ho wore a small moustache, and a low folt hat." Again the BinaU moustache and low felt hat. n was the same. It was " tho faco at tho window i" Charlton turned so pnlo that the commissionaire nBked if ho wore unwoll, To s surprise ho was pushed roughly ao« and Charlton, sprang into his dog cart, , giving his groom timo to clamber up behind, started his horse at a great pace. , 'That's not like Mr. Charlton," remarked the commissionaire to hia brother veteran, too had witnessed the incident, " He's geuer- m pleasanteBt spoken gent wo hnvo." Meanwhile Charlton drove homo by the possible route, and directly he entered the house ho asked for bis wife. Hearing tlmt jl w> ut driving — at which ho was scoretiy relieved, for he had had time to cool, and had oauy nothing to say to her — he directed that i iixr '>e Bcn' k'm 'n tho study, ' , Ou sent for mo," Baid Tilly, domnrely, hen, after a modest tap at tho door, she en tered tho room. Tilly," said hor master, "I want to as5??u a few questions." . . ' . said Tilly, humbly. "Mean toh, she thought. " He's playing tho do. bat he dT anil wants to pump mo, &apzihfrBgafa; BpcakinBj a £>ently ho asked ; Rtvo you a sweothoart, Tilly?" toaster ?on?Qnt thought that hor 2m.x? i ?u t0 make iove t0 h®r; but travlnr,? 110 e toneBofhis voioo he- art w&S01;"010.111' 'endonoies-for Tilly was as absurd "Penoace— Bhe put tho idea aside _ t haven't a particular sweetheart," she answered ria'fvely, "hut I think several young men liko mo." " Has one of them a small moustache and a low felt lint'/" Charlton interrogated. A light burst upon' Tillyki intelligence directly this question was nskod, nnd she realised tho necessity for great caution. "Lot me soo," she said slowly, "I think two or three of thorn wear low crowned hnts except on Sundays, And they noarly all have moustaches. It's tho fashion now, sir." At that moment, very much to Charlton's chagrin nnd to Tilly's relief, the carriage drew up at the door, and Edith was hoard to enter Charlton, with a view to sealing Tilly'B lips, slipped a sovereign into hor hand. Ho littlo know the ways of woman, and still less the ways of Tilly, for, needless to atato, that young woman, half an hour later, detailed tho entire conversation to her mistress. Charlton had Benso enough to porceivo that he would learn nothing from his wife's maid, so ho resolved to wait for further suspicions circumstances, and if necessary to descend to tho meanness of watching tho houso when ho was suppnsod to be at the club. Tha two following evenings he spent in ful filling engagements with his wife, who was bo bright and amiablo that Charlton was Again inclined to denounce himsolf a fool for his late thoughts. On tho third evening ho wont to tho elnh, and the sieht of tho commissionaire on the stops recalled all his suspicions, and he hesi tated before entering. Then ho called tho man to_ him. "If that young man a9ks for mo ngain to-night," bo said, " say that I am here, and directly his back is turned run in and let mo know; I shall ho in tho billiard room," At about ten o'olook Cbarlton, who was an enthusiastic billiard player, had forgotten all about the young man ot 6liglit moustache and lowhat, when, just as ho Was about to attompt a difficult cannon, tho game standing at "DO all," tho commissionaire entered the room and whispered that the strnngo inquirer had just loft. Charlton dropped his cue, " Excuse mo, Clayton," he apologised to his opponent, "vory important business," and he rushed ont. Arrived m tho streets, ho looked in vain for tho stranger, so hailing a hansom ho directed tho Jehu to drive him home at his greatest speed. When lie alighted he hesitated whether to enter tho houso or Watch outside, hut arguing tlint he must be in ndvnncc of the stranger, and that by going in ho would put everyone on their guard, lie crossed the street and stood concealed in a shadow nearly oppo site the honse, fully expecting the mysterious young man to shortly appear. Tho event justified tho expectation, for a few minutes later tho cab stoppod at tbo corner of the square, and as far as Charlton could judge iu tbo seml-dnrkness the identical young man soon at tho window and described by tho commissionaire alighted, dismissed the cab, and walked qnickly towards Charlton's house, Tho latter watched like a tiger in ambush, saw the young man, who wore a long oloak, knock at tho door, whioh was opened almost immediately by Tilly, aud then ho saw tho door olose after him. " Aha !" muttered Cbarlton, " this is n deep laid scheme, in which Tilly is an actor. The servants aro sent out of tho way, so that noono will know of this hound's visit. But I must bo calm !" Calm I Thtro was not much calm about Reginald Charlton now. His'faoowas white and drawn, and ho clenched his hands convul sively. Ho trembled so violently in using his latch lccy that ho lost quite a minuto before he could open tho door. Thou ho rusbeu up tbo stairs and above the passago to his wife's bed room. Ho found the latter empty, and the door of tho dressing room upon trial again proved to bo locked. " Opon this door !" ho shonted, thumping on it with his fists, "or I will burst it in." Tho door oponod, and Edith stood in front of him, very pale, and olad in a dressing gown. Tilly stood in tho back ground, looking very frightened. " Where is tbo man who has just boon ad mitted Z" demanded Charlton, hoarsely. " No man has boen admitted to my know- lodge," answered Edith, ns oalmly as she was able. "You lio !" he shouted savagely; "I saw that Jozobul there open tho door for a man not two minutes since. Where is he, I say /" Receiving no reply from either of tho now terrified women, ho Beizbd hia wife's arm roughly, and shook lior until shocried out with pain. "Don't he so violent, Reginald !" she cried. " You hurt me." ' Hurt you, false one 1" ha hissed, " Hnvo' you not hurt mo /" At this moment ho porooived a man's hat whioh lay on the ottoman half concoalod by n handkerchief, which bad evidently beon hastily thrown over it, It was a folt hat with a low crown. Releasing his wife's arm, he literally sprang upon it. "Your friend loft ao hurriedly that ho for got his hat," ho said with Bavage irony, bold- ing tho objectionable article of apparel iu tho air. "Do you still porsist in your impudcut lie" Edith glanaed helplessly at Tilly. Sho was too overcomo by hor husband's violeuco to attempt n defenoe. Hor silent appeal was not in vain. Tilly had now recovered her wontod pre sence of mind, and hor instincts lioing dramatic, sho saw an opportunity for a most offectivo denouement. Gliding to a drawor, sho prodnood a small blaok moustache, which sho artistically fixod to her mistress's uppor lip, and thou, with an " Excuse mo, sir," sho took the hat from Charltnn's trembling baud, and plnood it upon hor mistress's head. Erom under tho ottoman slio fished a long overcoat, which she assisted Edith to put on. During these arrangomonts tho truth had dawned upon Charlton, and he sank upon tho ottoman quito ovoreomo. His hatod rival Btood before him in tho porson of his own wife. Moanwhilo Edith liud recovered hor usual confidence,' " Do you require any further explanation ?' sho askod, quietly, as Tilly buttoned the overcoat, No — yes— no," stammered Charlton. Tlion tho revulsion of fooling proved too much for thiB qniot, philosophical raau of the .worth and murmuring, " I was vory oruol," he burst into tears. . Tilly now.ahowod her good taste and sense by leaving tho room, and iijs but justioe to that clover young person to state that she wns not innocent of a remorseful fooling and a glistening in her eyes, Edith npproaohod her husband aud laid her hand upon his shouldor timidly. "Rog,"ohe murmured, "liavo I been vorv wiokod ?" As ho did not reply she twiuod her arms round his occk and laid Jicr cheek against his. " Darling, do forgive mc," she whispered, "I was so jealous of your club, and they talkod ao much of its being merely a clonk that I worried myself to doath. After all it is only a proof of my love for you." Charlton lind now somewhat recovered, " You did vory wrong to go out in that disguise," lie said. " What would be thought of jrou if it woro known ?" "But it novor will bo known," asserted Edith. " Tilly is my only confidant, and slio is as truo as stool. You see, darling, I could not have nskod for you in fomalo attire, You would have suspooted at once," Charlton folt that tho secret was safe with Tilly, He know how dovoted sho was to hor mistress, and ho remembered now with satis faction that liis diplomacy and gold had failed to elicit any information from her a fow nights since. It is not necessary and would bo uninterest ing to any but thoso concerned to dwell npon the afl'eoting sceno whioh followed. Suffi cient that it resulted in Charlton's resolving to spond less timo at his club and more with his wifo, and in Edith's determination never to doubt her husliand again. Tilly's share in this happy reconciliation was a handsomo present from her master,- Sho is Mrs, Charl ton's maid still, and in all probability will remain so till the end of tho chanter. Society, 