ESSAY ON THE MEETING OF. BURNS A . AND S00TT. ' The author of the following essay, is, the el dest son . of Mr. J. H. Bowser, ,of Bacchus. Marsh, and ' he was for , a number of years resident here. He'is now a. student at Ed- inburgh U ni versity , one of his successes there being the .obtaining a prize for this essay, which displays a wide and yet concen trated imaginative power which will' cause it to' be read with interest; , especially by those persons who< are. familiar ' with . Sir Walter : ! Scott's account . of. : the, , iriteryie w . which ; , has ; been idealised in the essay. . - :There is aihuman iotepest; to us in the social life of a great man, which no acquaintance with -his works, however close and accurate it. may be, cipn adequately: supply, 1 -Admitted into that inner circle by . the narrative' of one who has seen and heard the Master, wie.feel, with much more realism than a study of his , works could give, the touch of the vanished hand;"., we hear " the sound1 of the voice that is still." Happy is he who, however humble a reporter, is privileged- to be that mediurri, for he is secure of an immortality running parallel with, though apart, and of a distinct kind from, that of his master. With a Boswell at. the table at. Maecenas (though the figure of Bosiyell. in a toga would have robbed that garment of its stately poetry for all time), what a delightful round of home and political pictures of the mind attitudes. of the gentle Virgil, the learned arid philosophical Horace, might :have been" "ours?; But the' literary world must, perforce, wait seventeen centuries lor poor Boswell, who went hence in his turn ; and, because he 'had no immediate successor, the fiery " off-hand" words of Burns; - the quaint talk of Scott, the uuggetty apothegms of Carlyle— -rough, but glittering— -the gossamer theories and splendid imagery 'of Coleridge's con versations!, fell, upon air, and perished. ' It is, then, not 'without a feeling, of dis appointment that' the Admirer,. of,' Burns rise's from a perusal of his writtendife; for, although we hear much in praise of", the- man,, we get very 'little -of what he said. There are, how- fever,1 vouchsafed .to us haphazard glimpses of his social life ; and to one of these, for which we are indebted to Sir Walter Scot't, we shall now direct our attention. > '...,! Popular George " IH is upon the British throne. The few remaining days of 1787 are, slipping away, in. i this ' island aniid ' iriuch clamonr of the elements and1 the cheerful blaze of Christmas fires. ' At Westminister, the trial of Warren \ Hastings is , dragging : " its slow, length along," illumined now ; and then by brilliant flashes of the genius of Burke. The sun of our literary, 'world, the great Sam Johnson,, has but lately gone out for ever,, and the, unaccustomed, eye can . scarcely , yet distinguish the; now star groups-Sydney Smith; Wordsworth, Coleridge, ' and' L'ainb, Shelley, Moore, and Byron1— rising. , pale in the twilight of the closing century. Over the Atlantic conies the first tremulous aspiration of freedom, in the pauses of the work of those sturdy builders— the noble Washington, , the politic Franklin, and their associates ; ' and,' somewhererin the better part of New. York; city, we may see its( future.; historian,' the genial disciple of " Poor Noll"— Washington Irving— " with satchel on back," tripping merrily to school. : . ; \- In Scotland the Doric lyre of Ramsay has long hung, silent ; the unhappy spirit of Ferguson- has but lately quitted ; its ruined temple. Peter Pindar is still ' scribbling for the Scots Mayazine ; &nd;, wlu\ei the Ettrick vale's. resound with the first,rude notes of;" the. Shepherd's" song, Edinburgh;: the polite, the gay; the polished capital, is on its knees to an Ayrshire ploughman'.', But, such! a plough man ! ' "" 1 '' ' ' '!,; This cold Deceriiber aftefh6bri,!iri a curiously; tiirretted, .lattice- windowed , old, house in the 'Oanongate of Edinburgh— Robert" Burnsj with a ; breezy ' bloom', snatched : 'from PlighT land heather, still upon his cheeks, is the guest o( Professor Ferg-ussori, with Dugald. Stewart, and other of the aristocracy of literature, and 'ri'.privilegedlaw apprentice Walter, Sc'ottT1-' is of. the, company.. ','1 !', 1 Let; ns peep in. upon .the memorable, group, : with, -just this " aside." 1 1 . What Scottish elder, looking" upon this, scene, tonight, would .have .predicted it his torical His ideal poet of decorous Scotland should have been another. Milton.' Scarcely, would he have credited that the mantle should fall; upon "rantin' "roviri',! .Robin"— that would have seemed the. very, irony, of fate. Nor would he have predicted that the popular master of Scottish prose would be a romancer. Would he, riot, . rather, have had a Carlyleari horror of such, and have, longed for a history of the Scottish Reformation, by!some 'dignitary of the !Church 1 , The lightin the room is dim to the modern eyej for the lamps are shaded, and the. furniture, of carved oak, is of . stiff aspect with cosy armchairs, however, by the fireside. The panelled window-shutters are half hid by. mas1 sive curtains, . which fall loosely upon the carpet. Paintings and prints adorn , the walls, above the dark wainscot. At the table; are several of the guests, and there is a hum of quick and sometimes merry conversatiori, with, now and then, a clink of glasses. , . . ' ;. Professor Dugald! Stewart, still .,a. young, man, conducting' the mathematical' classes , in the University, and ready, at all times (like Edmund Burke)' to speak with authority upon all subjects/is at ipresent engaged in earnest conversation with the host; and, there, at the table," chatting shrewdly with those about him, sits the poet, whom doubtless many of the guests , regard with a feeling of admiration, _ not "unmixed with a distrust awakened by certain rumours of his liaisons and drinking, bouts. At this side table, where lively Miss1 — ; — sits with her 'work7 basket and embroidery, is the young 'princes- elect of Scottish prose," all unconscious of his future diadem. , The glow, of health and ani- mation is in his comely face, and his dark grey eye is alight with a fire and a chivalry inherited from ' his noble ancestors. The brown hair is ' lifted back from his' forehead —the " temple of his riaind"— already peopled with- the ; shapes of historic, pageants, and in whose .innumerable cunningly-hid chambers ghostly Erse' and Scottish chiefs, rind Norse heroes, and courtly Arthurian knights and faiiVladies, come, and go, s'wiftiy rind silently, to the music of quaint ballads, or called forth by the, weird incantations of other days. To him, the poet' is the central figure .of the party; and, if his ideal of Robert Burns is somewhat rudely - dispelled by the rough put- ward seeming of the man, his judgment is not ,so iminature that it cannot recognise and ad mire the mental graces of the poet. There is, at this moment, a slight stir amongst the company, produced by 'the arri val of the Scots Magazine; and, ..when , wb . again look for the poet, he is 'standing at some distance from the others, contemplating a. somewhat rough print, .which is suspended' froqi the wall. Thero is a firmness rand. symmetry in. his ;contour visible .under the simple dress, arid a manly self-respect in .his. bearing ; but his - face -is the living picture' of his mind. The high forehead over which his hair falls loosely,', the well-formed, hose, the impassioned mouth, rind " full, rounded, dimpled chin, which makes the manly look more soft and lovable." ' But, when he turns from perusal of the simple, lines attached to the picture, we, perceive, for the first time, his large, dark eyes,- now..; filled with an iri-' .firiite tenderness, and' we ceasri to" wonder that high- born ladies and " simple .rustic .maidens felt ! a new thrill under the charm of their soft light, And, when he;asks for the source of, the lines, what more seemly thari that this young uplauyelled poet; his mind fresh from bathing in the poetry of his country, should be there to answ;er. ' The poet turns agairi' to j.he. picture, silent and forgetful of , his: environ irieriti . Now, all ' the airy forms' of. native "fancy or. of cultured intellect fall upOnhis1 out ward hearing, assis tant murmurs. 1 A few' minutes since he was with the company;1 'arid exchanged shafts, when the" occasion prime, with the best ' of them. Now, this dead patriot in , his 'snow- shroud, this lonely widow with- her child- mere' pale ghosts: of a forgotten tragedy- have beckoned to him in their dumb way, and rill the man is touched1 to teriderness., Who shall say that, with, a- swift perception of the' likeness," he did not then! see, ;a vision, of; the' future of - another woman, ' soon . again to be come a mother, but ' worse thari a widow; or: that his heart did not 1 tlieii! warm towards her; and, with' a contrite return to' it's; allegiance,' call him back to duty? , Let us look at him once more, ere we de part,; for there is, a music in his heart so rich1 and strong that it shalLrolldowhfhfough the1 coming, years, in pererinial /sweetness, . with, a charm to , make love ! eloquent, , ;and a reveille to' the Scottish patriot, wherever he may ; be/ : ; '# ' :' . ... ' '.i / Outside, this ; evening, there is ;'a ' strange" silence. From, the impending clouds: — win ter's xerial orchard, shaken by Boreas— fall the myriad snowy blossoms, light and soft. Phantom-like, rise the' dim shapes of gables and spires, with innumerable lights blinking, tier above ' tier, iand lessenings away irito: the west. . Here is the, house where , dwelt , the, reformer- — Knox. It is. in darkness.': But .what is this that breaks1 the stillness 1. Hark ! The clear, tinkle of a. vesper ,bell! ; : : ' !: 1 John Bowser.: 