MRS SAMPSON'S MISSION. Mrs Hampson concluded lier mission, so far as this town is concerned, yester day, and, judging by the attendances at the services she conducted, the seed sown by ber during ber stay here has borne abundant fruit. After the ordinary praise and prayer meeting at midday, she con ducted a service at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon for girls only, at which there was a large attendance. The pro ceedings were signalised by the presenta tion by Miss Ada Hitchcock and Miss A. M. Moore of a number of silver trinkets, a purse of 13 sovereigns, and an address, of which the following is a copy :— Ueelong, October 10th 1SS4. Dear Mrs TTnmpaon,—We, the girls of Geelong, feel that we cannot let you leave our town and colony without some expression of our love to yon and our gratitude for your coming and work among us. As a visible token of our feelings towards you we beg your acceptance of the accompanying little keep sake, and we hope that every tame yon look at it yon will remember with pleasnre your work here, and will breathe a prayer that those girls for whom you labored so bard may be kept close to their Lord and Master, and may he real workers in His vineyard. Although some may have special reason to bless God for yonr coming here and leading them to decide for Christ, yet we are sure that no one has listened to your addresses withont great benefit, and we hope to put into practice when you are gone what we heard from your lips. We earnestly pray that great blessing may follow you wherever yon go. With mnch love, dear Mrs Hamp son, we are, yonrs very affectionately (signed on behalf of the girls of Geeloug),—A. II. Moore, E. S. Gardiner, Louis Brady Lilly Moodee and Ana. HrrcncocK (secre tary). The evening service, in the Exhibition Theatre, commenced at half-past seven o'clock, and was attended by nearly three thousand people, the front ball, as well as the body and dress circle of the theatre, being crowded almost to excess. Not withstanding the crushand consequent un easiness occasioned by the large assem blage, the acoustic properties^ of the building proved eminently satisfactory, and the means of exit were more than ample, both facts being creditable to Sir J. S. Jackson, the architect and lessee of the building. Sir G. M. Hitchcock pre sided, and, the opening prayer having been delivered, and a hymn sung, the chairman called upon Sir W. Gurr to read the following address : — Dear Sirs Sampson,—On the eve of 3*our departure from Geelong, we desire to reoder thauks to Almighty God for His goodness and love in bringing yon into our midst to proclaim the unsearchable riches of Christ. Daring the season yon have beeu with us onr hearts have been cheered by the loving messages from God through yon, and many have been led by ithe inHuence of the Holy Spirit to yield themselves to the Great Redeemer. We have also felt that from your lips have flowed such words of gentleness and grace as to cause hundreds of hearcs to vibrate with increased love for, and re consecration to the Saviour cf Mankind. We have been richly blessed by yonr presence. We cauuot adequately express onr apprecla tlon of your mission amongst us, but we do assure yon of our prayerful sympathy with you in the work, and earnestly pray that He for whom >*our labor, even " Jesus only," may cause His goodness to pass before you and strengthen you in every possible way, 1 that you may yet become the spiritual ''mother of thousands," and in blessing others you may be blessed to tho glory of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. We earnestly hope thatatno very distant date you may again visit Geelong, when you may rest assured thatyouwillreceiveahearty welcome from those who now say good bye, i.e. God be with yon. We now ask you to accept the accompanying purse, which in great love and affection we present to yon from hun dreds of loving hearts, feeling that it does not in any way repay you for the services rendered to our town, but as a slight me* ineuto of our appreciation of your earnest and self sacrificing work, and we now pray "The Lord bless thee, and keep thee, the Lord make His face shine upon thee and be gracious unto thee, the Lord lift up hia countenance upon thee aod give thee peace." Signed on behalf of the HT. M.C.A , &c.-;— President, Geo. M. Hitchcock. ; Treasurer, H. T. Howard; Secretary, William GubR. Geelong, October, 1SS4. Mr Hitchcock then presented the ad dress to Mrs Hampson, together with a purse containing 100 sovereigns. Mr J. Gardiner, at the request of the chairman, presented Mrs Hampson with the follow ing address from converts made during her mission here, together with an album of local views photographed by Mr H. Kruger:— Dear Mrs Hampson.—We -wish to convey to you in a few words the joy of oar hearts, for oar new experience in Jesas Christ, " Old thiugs have passed away, and all things have become new." We humbly,bat devontly, glorify God in yon, " AU glory to Jesus be given," bat, at the same time, we praise Him for hearing His precious words from your lips. The beauty and simplicity of salvation through faith in " Jesns only" so affected our hearts ; that we have wil lingly yeilded these hearts to Him. His messages to us through you, have been mes sages of mercy. In them He has called us to seek His face, and enabling us to say " Thy face Hord will we seek." Your visit to Geelong will be ever precious in our memory, as marking that time when,through your labors, we gave our hearts to God. We pray that your life may be long spared, that your usefulness may be increased, and that thousands of blood bought souls will be the crowu of your rejoicing when your work is done. We remain, dear Mrs Hampson, your children in the Gospel of Christ. Gee long, 10th Oct, 1SS4. The next address was from the ladies of ) Geelong, and the duty of presenting it was discharged by Mrs Hitchcock, Mrs Gurr, at the same time, liandiDg to the lady evangelist, a purse containing 50 sovs., and a gold brooch. The address read as follows '.— Mns HAMrsoN.—Dear Sister,—We cannot let j'ou go from Geelong without expressing our gratitude to our Father in Heaven, that He has permitted you to come here ; aud enabled you to carry on such a grand mission in our midst. And to you, that you have, even while struggling with weakuess, so faithfully, aud with such great tenderness, led so many iato the glorious liberty of the children of God ; while those who had been Christians for many years have had their faith increased, and their love strengthened ; and now desire to do more than ever for the One who has done so much for them. "Yon have smoothed away many difficulties, aDd made the way clear to alL Aud we are very thankful to you that you have organised the unions for prayer ; and we earnestly trust that their influence will grow stronger and stronger, and the hearts of those who form them be bound together in a warm bond of Christian affection ; that onr united prayers may bring down just the blessings that we need, not only for ourselves, but for all those who may come under our influence. Dear Mrs Hampson, please aecept the ac companying purse and brooch as a small token of our affection for you ; and though we now Bay good bye, our loving prayers will ever follow yon, that whatever work yon do for the Master may be abundantly owned and blessed by Him, and your own sonl be filled with peace and happiness. We know that yonr reward will' be great, for He has said, "They that turn many to righteousness shall shine as the stars for ever and ever." Signed on behalf of the ladies of Geelong—Annie Hrrcucocx, Many Tines, Jane Connob, Annie Gciie. Gee long, "Victoria, October 9th, 1SS4. The chairman next requested Mr W. Gnrr to present an address and an opos sum rug, on behalf of the choir. The ad dress read as follows :— " Dear Mrs Hampson,—We, the members of the choir who have had the privilege of "singing-for Jesus" in the mission just concluded by you in Geelong, desire to express our heartfelt thanks to God for the time of blessing vouchsafed to us. Our earnest desire and prayer is that God will strengthen you for future service, and that his Benediction may rest upon you always. Accept the accompanying travelling rug as a memento of your visit to Geelong, with the assurance that yon have onr sympathy and prayers in the great work in which you are engaged. Our heartfelt farewell is • God bless you.' Signed on behalf of the 7S members of the choir.—(Signed) Wji. Gurb, Choir Master." Mr Gurr then lead a poem addressed to Mrs Hampson, and composed by Mr Thomas Shepherd, onr local poet laureate. The Rev. R. C. Flockart invited the audience to present Mrs Hampson with a spontaneous address, and the request was complied with enthusiastically. Mrs Hampson subsequently delivered an elo quent address on the blessings of tem perance, and the fatal illusions nourished by moderate drinkers. The gifted lady will, we understand, leave Geelong by the mid-day train to-day. It may he added that the addresses presented to Mrs Hampson on behalf of the" ladies of Gee long and the Young Men's Christian As sociation were printed in rose-pink and blue, on white satin, and mounted in the shape of bannerettes, by Mr H- Thacker, of Ryrie- street. 