A Vacation Cruise to the Myall Lakes. RECONNOITRING ABOUT PORT STEPHENS. By Selvagee. If any readers of the Mail who honour me by the perusal of this holiday log, happening to have noticed that last week's issue was without the accustomed chapter, should have set down that omission to the Victorian Spring meetings, I beg to assure them that Flemington and Caul- field bad nothing whatever to do with it. But I had two reasons for discontinuing my log ; and, as is nearly always the case when a man has more than one reason for doing, or not doing something, neither was a particularly good one. One reason was that I rather suspected Mr. Editor despaired of ever seeing the end of my cruise. And the other was that I began actually to suspect my own identity. Let me iexplain. I happened, a few days ago, to fall across an acquaintance of professed saltwater proclivities, in company with two other gentlemen unknown to me, by name or sight. Hardly had I inquired after his general health, when he accosted me in these terms :—"I say old boy, did you read my last yachting yarn in the mail?" I inquired, "What yachting yarn?" '' 'Selvagee,' you know," he replied. "Oh, oh!" I exclaimed, "So you are 'Selvagee,' eh!" "As if you didn't know!" rejoined the aquatic one. "Are you going to give us another yarn next week?" I asked, innocently. "Oh, yes," he said, "the editor has it already." I bade adieu to the imaginative gentleman, and meditated a good deal on the decadence of veracity, like David. Finally, I determined to settle the question whether he or I were the genuine Sir Roger, by the simple stratsgam of waiting to see whether the "editor had it," and thus to satisfy myself whether there were two "Selvagees" in the field, or my acquaintance wad l—, was mistaken. I did not write that week, nor apparently did he. I forgive him now that I am persuaded of my identity. His sacred Majesty King George the Fourth used to boast of the style in which he led the charge of the Heavy Dragoons at Salamanca; only he was wise enough not to indulge when anybody happened to be within earshot who had served through the Peninsula. How often one falls across a homely illustration of "Sie vos noh vobis!" But generally, the appropriator takes care that the thing appropriated is worth the candle. In the present case it puzzled me how anybody could care to affiliate a series of humdrum small-beer chronicles having no literary pretensions whatever, and no loftier purpose than to try and persuade the yacht owners and yachting men of Sydney that it would be good for them to tear themselves away sometimes from the monotonous charms of their too "beautiful harbour." But I must get to my log. The ghost of that malodorous lobster haunted us all more or less, but we got to sleep at last ; and being tired and sun- baked slept well into the next day. Breakfast over, we had a great overhauling inspection of the Bandicoot, shook out the sails and aired them, cleared everything for action, and landed all the squaresail gear, sweeps, and other im- pedimenta on the jetty. Then, embarking Hollis and some of his relatives, and a great dish of damper fresh from the camp oven, the workmanship of his hospitable wife, we dropped out of Nelson Bay for a general exploration of the port on picnic principles. We spent three days alto- gether of the new year cruising about the glorious harbour, sometimes in the yacht, and at other times in the skiff. But as my story is meant to tempt yachtsmen rather than boating men pay a visit to Port Stephens, I will give the reader a seat on board the Ban- dicoot this time, and he shall judge for himself what sort of a place it is. With our light draught we could lie snugly tied up to the jetty, but anything drawing more than five feet would have to moor a cable's length or so further out ; but even there the strength of the stream would not be en- countered. Between Nelson Bay, and the sandbanks and shoal-ground, which extend like a huge crescent from Myall Point to near Yacaaba, the fairway available for working in under canvas is about half a-mile in width, in some places more, in others rather less. The ebb in this rather narrow water is very strong, sometimes more than three knots; the flood is not so strong, but as the winds in the yachting season blow either from N.E. or S., there is plenty of room for a good big vessel to work in. There was a brisk southerly blowing when we goy under weigh, and it in- creased as we got out of the shelter of the land. Corlette Head, abou three miles from our anchorage, was the first prominent headland passed. It forms the eastern point of Salamander Bay, so called after her Majesty's old "paddle- flapper" of that name, which they told me used to prefer this bay as an anchorage during her surveying visits to this part of the coast. Salamander Bay is a splendid cove, a beauti- ful white strand thickly wooded to water's edge, and ex- tending in shape like a boomerang for a about two and a half miles, as far as the conspicuous headland called Soldier Point, (Soldiers'?) as a memorial of the redcoats who, in by- gone years, there formed a sort of permanent encampment within a stockage to prevent runaway convicts from the settlement further up, and from Port Macquarie, swimming across to Bundabah Island, and thence to the Point. As we passed this magnificent bay the beach was lined with black swans, distinctly visible to the naked eye, and very plainly by the field-glasses. But at a distance of more than three- quarters of a mile they were safe. The channel we passed down, or rather up, is called the South Channel, to dis- tinguish it from the Middle Channel, which is used by the coasters, but is not recommended for yachts. The anchorage in Salamander is excellent. You can have five fathoms a cable length from the beach, and 8, 9, and 13 fathoms a little further out, and good water is to be bad in any quantity just in the bight round Corlette Head. Between Nelson Bay and Corlette Head there is no danger, except a small patch of rocks known as the "Red Patch," lying a few hundred yards off a red headland, but a berth of a quarter of a mile or even less from the shore clears this patch easily. The course from Corlette Head to Soldiers' Point is to steer, if there is a leading wind, direct for the island lying almost midway in the charnel. This will take you clear of West Bank to the northward, and of "Soldier Spit," just off the point where the chart marks only three-quarters of a fathom. Then as you approach the island— it is called "Bundabah" — haul up and pass as nearly as possible in mid-channel between the island and the point. The deepest water in Port Stephens is just a cable's length south of Bundabah— 24 fathoms, and some of the shallow- est lies hereabout also, for to the W.N.W. of, and about a quarter of a mile from, this same island Fly Rock comes to the surface, a rather nasty danger, for it is almost within the track of a vessel working up to the anchorage off Baro- mee Point. As we approached Bundabah, and the Soldiers' Point ridge no longer intercepted the view westward, the whole expanse of the inner harbour burst on our view. Away to the westward we could discern the relics of Car- rington, a few old cottages, almost hull down and distant about four miles; and between it and the "Narrow" some finely-wooded hills, broken by the two coves known as Bal- berook and North Arm. The bold promentory directly north of us, and eastward of the small creek called Nanabah, or Fame Cove, descends to the water in an abrupt front, forming the northern retaining wall of these "Narrows," which give us rather less than a good half-mile to work in, for to the W. we see several patches of rocks awash, with Bush islet to the S. of them and still further S. two low but larger, islets; one covered with grass and oyeters, and the other, the larger one, fringed with a heavy growth of mangrove encircling a morass of swamp oaks. This last is Dowadee, or Mosquito Island. Let us call it Mosquito Island preferably, for cogent reasons appearing hereafter. Behind Carrington, or what remains of that ancient settlement of the great A. A. Company, the land rises to the height of about 600 feet, and is very pic- turesque. Westward of Carrington it seems to descend into a jutting, densely-wooded promontory, where we can easily (with the glass) detect a large house with a flagstaff on which flaunts large red ensign. That is Tahlee, where lives the king of Port Stephens when Parliament does not demand his presence in Sydney. He is the member for this district, and all that Myall Lake away up to Cape Hawke, and I don't know how far back, is his electorate. Here at Tahlee his Majesty during the recess dispenses a right royal hospitality to white fellows and blackfellows indis- criminately, and as in duty bound, here I did obeisance as one of the pale-faced class of his subjects. He has ever so many boats, an excellent landing-place, is a famous shot with a rifle, an ardent fisherman and sportsman, and is a general favourite. Here also fives his aged father, who is said to be even a better shot than his son, and whose know- ledge of the antiquities of Port Stephens and the district is said to surpass that of any living being. I did not have the privilege of a presentation to the old gentleman during this visit, which I greatly lamented for many reasons. Leaving Tahlee, the eye ranges over immense spaces of water, with vistas of mangrove islands stretching away up to Karuah River, towards Sawyer's Point, where the channel closes in a little, and the banks become steeper and better defined. There is a bifurcation o, the Karuah about two miles from Tahlee, and a swampy mangrove-covered flat, known as Wirrrung, divides the stream into two courses— the coaster's channel to the south, and a shallow boat channel to the north. The distant reaches of Swan Bay, with low shores fringed with mangrove, and Carcair Point; putting out as a beacon for the two-fathom channel, and the long low mangrove shore sweeping away from that point to form another still larger bay (the name of which I forget), offer an horizon of water bounded only by land as the eye glasses to the south-west and recognizes first Tenilba Point, then Mallabula, and last of all the entrance to Telligherry Creek. We are looking over alto- gether about 30 square miles of quiet water; and except the islands and islets already mentioned, there is none which stands out to vary the waterscape but Snapper Island, or, as it is sometimes called, Cabbagetree, though the real Cabbagetree lies outside the heads of Port Stephens, a short mile N.E. of Yacaaba. Snapper Island was our destination after we had coasted along past Fame Point towards Baromee, where is the anchorage (or at least half a mile westward from the last-named point) for vessels draw- ing mud-water. These are unable to approach nearer Carrington or Tahlee than about a mile to the east- ward of the little island called Goat Island, lying about half a mile S.E. of Carrington. If the Wol- verene takes the Parliamentary picnic to Port Stephens, as rumour says is to be done, Captain Taylor will have to drop , his mudhook about half-a-mile off Baronice, and a little less than two miles from Carrington, for beyond that position the water shoals rapidly to 2½ and l¼ fathoms. From Baromee anchorage we had to make a short board to reach Snapper Island, under the lee of which we cast anchor about noon in about 10 feet of water, rough furled the mainsail, handed the jib, and furled the foresail on its stay, the last a much better plan than lowering it on the deck when you are not going to remain long at anchor and are likely to bring plenty of mud back with you, a certainty in this part of Port Stephens. Ashore to the island, which at low water will give you such a feast of foreshore oysters, or bankers, as you never before artook of. The boys were in great form for the "delicious bivalve," and so were our guests from the bay. There was a damper as big as a small cart wheel (a very small one of course), plenty of fresh butter, and pale ale was not absent. The result may be guessed. When we had finished the last bushel of Snapper Island oysters, and had roamed all over the beautiful little spot (it is a tropical jungle of cabbagetree palms, vines, fig trees, and other umbrageous and giant forms), where we would have stayed, like the lotus-eaters, for ever but for the mosquitoes, very reluctantly we embarked in the skiff and got aboard the yacht, carrying with us, for fear of supervening hunger, two bags of the lamelli-branchiate, molluscous dainties, which, to our horror, we afterwards found had been not long before tabooed by their worships the Commissioners of Fisheries. Were ever human beings in vacation so plagued with the spectres of Acts of Parliament as we were? So far our breaches of the Game Act had not got us into prison, but here we were breaking the Fisheries Act, in a place where they told us two inspectors resided for the protection of these very ovsters— one at Sawyer's Point, another at Nelson Bay. We were absolutely at the mercy of our guests, but they took pity on our innocence, and did not inform; and as to the inspectors, they were no doubt, enjoying new year in the bosoms of their families, and scorned to take a mean advantage of a little crew of strangers, some of whom (though the inspectors did not know it) might have pleaded that in view of forthcoming examinations they were only strengthening their brain- fibre with fish-phosphates. And I should like to know the magistrate who could have turned a deaf ear to such a plea. It was 3 o'clock when our anchor, a real "mudhook" this time, was got aboard and cockbilled, ready for another descent. We made a couple of short boards from under the lee of Snapper Island, and were soon abreast of Tenilba, about a mile and a quarter, or perhaps less, to the southward. Leaving a couple of hands on board to hang off and on for an hour. I took the skiff and went ashore to see what remained of old Tenilba House, once as pleasant a retreat as ever mortal man could wish to pass rhe afternoon of a busy life in. I first visited the place in '52, and then it was in a rather ruinous condition. I think it was originally the home of the Caswell family, but now it is deplorable to walk about the ruins. You can trace the positions of the orchard, the vineyard, and the parterres, and even still the lemon trees and olives keep up a brave fight with the indigenous swamp oaks and other native vegetation striving to obliterate all traces of the work of man by the original wilderness—and alas! by the original, autochthonous mosquito. We wandered about for nearly an hour, until either the mosquitoes or the melancholy of the scene became too much for us. If ever a place were the haunted look, and seemed well qualified to have been the subject of Tom Hood's famous verses, it is Tenilba House. The sun had sloped well towards the hills behind Swan Bay when the Bandicoot was got under weigh for a cruise along the southern shore from Tenilba to Telligherry Creek and Cromarty farm further on. There were no dangers, and with the wind well abeam and plenty of it we were not long covering the interval of five miles. We cast anchor again, this time well to windward of the patch known as "Botaynbah" rocks, and a short cable's length from the rocky point to the southward of the little bay below the old farm. Landing in the skiff, we hurried up to the old orchard, but alas! there was nothing but desolation and mosquitoes. The orange trees (once luxuriant bearers), plum, peach, apple, loquat, and all other fruit trees were in ruins like the old farmhouse. The vertebral bones of whales were lying scattered all about the place— Port Stephens was in old times a great resort for whalers— but except a few crabby apples not worth gathering and some green oranges, which it would have been a sin to pluck, fruit there was none. Like all other farmhouses and residences about Port Stephens, Cromarty farm has a history of its own, and some day, perhaps, I may give it to the editor; but we are yachting now, not picking up antiquities. Embarking again after a very short run ashore, we weighed and ran away before the breeze, still as good as ever until we were enough to windward of the Mosquito Island to be able to drop anchor and pay it a visit in quest of wild ducks, always fond of making the swamp in the middle of this gruesome place a sort of rendezvous. Landing on the island anywhere except on a little sandy beach at the north- east corner is a business. The shores are covered with oyster shells, stratified in all stages of life and death, con- gregated so thickly as oysters ever were on boulders both hard and sharp. Then comes mud and a dense fringe of mangrove, then swamp oak and ti-tree; and enthroned above and over all and everywhere is the bloodthirsty miscreant which gives a name to the island. I have now and then faced some queer customers with prongs on their heads in stockyards at mustering or branding time; but, honestly speaking, I believe it would cost me a smaller pang to j ump into such a place again than to go ashore in January on that dreadful island. We did not shoot any ducks, for nobody had time to do anything except flap the little brutes out of his eyes, nostrils, and ears, and smash them on his cheeks, forehead, and hands. Twenty minutes of this sort of thing was too much joy, more than we desired or deserved, so we turned on our pivots and got aboard as fast as possible, and during the rest of the homeward voyage everybody's engrossing entertainment was mosquito-smashing. We got home just before dusk, and after as accurate a calcula- tion as we could indulge in it was generally agreed that we had turned about 27,000,000 mosquitos into jam. And even then we were not able to comfort ourselves with the assurance that they had all been disposed of, for days after we found them lurking in the yacht's lockers and under the carlines and wherever else they could stow away their venomous and most accursed little carcasses. I never could make up my mind whether Jibben at Port Hacking or Mos- quito Island at Port Stephens was the more abundantly blessed with the mosquito plague, but on the whole, per- haps, the island is entitled to the palm. Except in a patent diving costume (without the lead) yon don't catch me ashore at this place again—no, not for a cartload of wild ducks; and I am authorised to state that the "boys" hold exactly the same view. As we passed through the deep but rather narrow channel separating Bundabah from Soldiers' Point (I wonder what the soldiers did to endure the Mosquito Island savages in old days) the floodtide met us like a millrace, but the wind was good enough, and we stemmed the stream, but somewhat laboriously. The pangs of hunger seemed to seize all hands just when we had passed Soldiers' Spit and opened Salamander Bay, and we appeased them during the reach home with a varied assort- ment of tinned "make believe," such as salmon, corned beef, tongues, and even jam. The "boys" were especially great on jam and marmalade. They could any of them run me aground on solids, and then take up the running with a couple of pots of marmalade, as if the aforesaid solids had somehow escaped through their boots. At last we got alongside the jetty at Nelson Bay, and made all snug for the night, which threatened a storm, but nothing serious came of it. The next two days we passed yachting or skiffing, but principally the latter, for the skiff was handier in shallow water than the yacht. During those days we must have covered a considerable length of water, but beyond that the log is silent. We tried several famous old schnapper grounds outside, but with indifferent luck. The fish seemed to have taken off in a remarkable manner, but we got any quantity of splendid bream and whiting from the fishermen, and whenever we cared to "burley" the black bream at our moorings we could always manage to catch a couple of dozen of them, especially about sundown. A person visiting Port Stephens for the first time will find no lack of pleasant strolling grounds about Nelson Bay; two among them being the track from the Nelson Head telegraph and signal station to the lighthouse on Point Stephens, across the strip of sand (which is sometimes submerged) called Narrow Gut, and the track round the southern shore along Salamander Bay, and across the ridge to Cromarty Farm. If he likes climbing Poomeree and Yacaaba will afford him plenty of scope for a bit of mountaineering, and from either of their summits he will be repaid for the toil of ascending by a glorious view During all this interval spent in smooth-water but very pleasant exploration of Port Stephens, our captives, the four black swans, were quartered in a fowlhouse kindly lent by Mr. Dalgleish, the post and telegraph master, and once they were treated to a swim in the bay, which was evidently a very great treat to the poor birds. It was one we often in- dulged them with afterwards when bar-bound at Lake Macquarie. The chief officer, after the spell of com- parative repose and more regular living, had by this time (5th January) quite regained his customary spirits, and he and the rest of the crew were eager to be up and doing. So bidding good-bye to friend Hollis and the rest of the good folk at Nelson Bay, whose kindness to us will not soon be for- gotten, we got under weigh one Saturday morning for the Broughton Islands, with the skiff astern, several days' provisions on board, including some choice specimens of Mr. Hollis's art in damper-bread, and with water tanks full up. The swans were carefully housed astern in the lazzareet, or steering well, and were apparently quite reconciled to altered circumstances, and unlimited soaked biscuit. Codger was created steward of the swannery, and in the exercise of that high office it was his duty to prepare their meals and look generally to their comfort during the voyage home. As we passed Nelson Head Station we dipped our ensign to Mr. Glover as a last valedictory courtesy, and with the end of the flood tide managed to drift out against a very light air from eastward. Yacaaba, under the early morning light, had decked himself in all the dark lustrous tints of his re- galia, and as the mowing, lazy surges smote his seaward buttresses, and shot upward in sheets of sparkling brine, there was waited towards us just that pungent and ex- hilarating odour of the mighty ocean which is life to so few, and death to so many of us. An ode to Ozone would come in here very appropriately, bat I must get on. I recom- mend all yachtsmen in charge of vessels under 20 tons to work out of Port Stephens against the last of the flood, unless the ebb and a westerly wind happen to be in conjunction. The fact is, there runs an ebb tide past Yacaaba and Toomerie, so vicious when any strong wind from seaward sets in that a tide rip, with very nasty overfalls, is met between those headlands, and the jobble sometimes takes the bowsprit out of a decent sized ketch. Little yachts must therefore time their passage through the heads so as to avoid the rip. We had a smooth sea; but had we been four hours later, by which time the ebb and the north-easter would be engaged in the usual duel, the state of affairs would have been somewhat different, and our costume would have been reduced by two reefs in the main- sail, ditto in the foreeail, and little Mr. Spitfire on a reefed bowsprit. After an hour's tranquil obedience to the young ebb we got as far as Cabbagetree Island, about a mile north-east of Yacaaba, and then found the young north-easter— a "dead muzzler" for us, whose destination was Esmeralda Cove, at Long Island (Broughton Island). It was past dinner-time when we hid Cabbagetree astern, but not past the time for eating it. The skiff was put on a long bridle, so that she might tow more easily. Our plan was to lash a block to the ringbolt in her nose, and pass a 2½-inch coir warp through it, bringing both ends aboard the yacht's quarters, so as to let her ride at the safe distance of about 40 yards. This distance is of coarse only necessary when there is a big sea and you are running, but close hauled; you can shorten up the bridle to about 40 feet, or even less. Coir, well worked and soft, is the best bridle on such occasions for a boat towing. It is far more elastic than any other rope; and that virtue in it mitigates the jerks, which in a rough and tumble sea might possibly take the stem oat or a little boat. When running in a heavy sea I have often found it necessary to pay ont 40 or 50 fathoms of each end of the bridle to pre- vent the boat astern from shooting on the top of some long "scend" of a sea, and either coming aboard of mashing in your taffrail. After 3 o'clock the north-easter came down with unex- pected savage gusts, and the beat to windward, though it was only some nine or 10 miles, began to be interesting. However, it did not behove us to do any reefing, though the skiff astern plunged and kicked like a wild colt at his first handling. Shortly before dusk we were lying snug in Esmeralda Cove, perhaps one of the most extraordinary of miniature harbours of refuge in the world. I was first introduced to Esmeralda Cove, then known as the boat harbour of Long Island, many years ago, as a passenger to Sydney by a Manning River schooner of the old type. Since that time I had been three times in the place, and each time was more astonished by the marvellously safe refuge it offers from easterly or south-easterly gales. Nobody can mistake the cove. South rock, a bold sugar- loaf shaped eminence, projects about the centre of the largest of the islands (Long Island) in a direction as nearly as possible S.S.E., and in the western beacon, while a bold headland of less elevation than South Rock, which is about 160 feet high) marks the eastern or seaward front. The entrance is less than two cables' length in width, and the whole length of the cove scooped out between these two promontories might be about 600 yards. There is a big sunken rock, or "bumborer," lying a short distance inside South Rock, but not so much abreast of the entrance as to be dangerous. As a rule, the sea breaks on this bum- borer, but there is plenty of room for a yacht to work up to an anchorage at the head of the cove. About a quarter of a mile from the entrance the cove forks out into two recesses, of which the eastern is the right one. At the extremity you run into absolutely calm water, and in the very worst weather (i.e., an easterly gale) you can ride on a bridle head to S.S.E. in about four fathoms, and smile at the elements, and the drawback will be less than it would be on similar occasions at boat harbours on the coast. After laying out two anchors (the bottom is not good holding ground) we went ashore and walked about for an hoar. The island is about a mite and a half long, by an average of half a mile wide, destitute of anything like a tree, but covered with splendid kangaroo grass, and dwarf "pig-face," and various species of "everlasting." In some seasons it is the resort of thousands of small quails, and in summer time there is no lack of snakes, a small brown species about 18 inches long, and probably the ordinary brown snake of the continent, undergoing a struggle for existence. There is no water on the island except at a spring in a swamp in the centre, but no doubt if a well were sank in any of the depressions water would soon find its way in. The soil is a rich, peaty sand, and the rocks by a geological ignoramus would certainly be put down as limestone, but they are not limestone, although limestone occurs on the mainland on the Upper Myall Lake, not a dozen miles off. In former times the Port Stephens Chinamen used to resort regularly to Long Island to catch lobsters and other fish, but the Celestials are now represented by only three miser- able derelicts, with a European woman who lives with them more or less in common, and the sooner they and all other Chinese fishermen on the coast clear out and take to market- gardening the better, for in this colony the Chinese fisher- man is a miserable and pernicious fraud. Since my last visit to the island some enterprising people have built a small hut on the north side, apparently in connection with mining experiments of some kind or other, probably for coal, but we had no time to look for the shaft. On our return to the yacht, we set fire to the high brown grass in several places, and long before turning in from our snug anchor- age we could see the flames leaping from upland to upland high up into the sky, and volumes of lurid smoke marking their route across the island. It was the cheapest and most innocent impromptu illumination I've witnessed. What the snakes thought of it is another matter. Fish are very plentiful all round this cluster of islands ; but as the bottom is very foul (rocky) for more than a mile round them, they are perpetually on the move. To make sure of a good catch you must go off to some of the hundreds of bumborers lying W., N., and N.W. of the island. At these places the schnappers are not so erratic, and you can gene- rally get all you want in a very short time. They told us at Port Stephens that we should certainly be eaten alive by mosquitoes at Esmeralda Cove. The fact is that we did not any of us feel the bite of a single mos- quito throughout the night. So much for the local oracles ! The yacht lay as comfortably on her anchors as if she had been in North Harbour, and when the conflagration was over her crew slept just as peacefully. 