THE LADY'S COLUMN. THE MAN UNDER THE BED. By Humming Bee. I trust that my lady readers will not con- sider that because I have been unable to take part in advocating the female suffrage move- ment I'm therefore insensible to the ques- tion of the advancement and the emancipa- tion of women. I would gladly see them assert for themselves a larger and more im=- portant part in the world than they now fill, and wouId joyfully see them emancipated from everything that tends to hold their capabilities in check, and prevents them from dong justice to their capacities. And it is because I wish to help in even the smallest degree towards this most desirable object that I now ask them to consider with me in a dispassionate and philosophical manner this peculiarly feminine subject of the Man Under the Bed. It shows at once the shallowness and, I may say, egotism with which men write his- tory that no mention, so far as I am aware, is to be found in any of the masculine his- tories of the source or origin of this diurnal or more properly nocturnal terror by which the female mind has ever since been haunted. Indeed the subject is not once referred to by them and even an historian with such popular sympathies as the late Mr. Green, did not think the matter worth notice in what he still called a history of the English people. So that in considering how this came first to take such general pos of the feminine mind, we have but conjecture aided by tradition to us. Probably, could the subject be hack, which, in the absence of all re is impossible, it would be found that it in that dreary time of fear and night the middle ages. All that we can ven say is that the dread terror is univer ;hat it was so with our mothers and our grandmothers. Occasional caseB of vity enable us to go further and to say our great - grandmothers, and the orics ot these excellent persons, supple d by what they had heard from those ing them, carry the proof back for a of Bay 150 or 200 years, during the e of which time no woman in the full Jbession of her faculties has retired to rest #iout looking under the bed, or, if she Bs a married woman, commanding her ftpand to. perform that rite on her behalf. It ill thus be seen that the practice is one pfreat universality and great comparative liquity, and 011 these accounts it deserves pntive consideration. | he account wc give of this haunting dread Jtwhich our sex is subject is that we are Jsiid there is a burglar concealed in the " ice referred to. It is under this pretext Jt we call upon our husbands to look for J' supposed depredator. Will my sisters fgive me if in the interest of a full and ^rough- going treatment of this important "eject I avow, with what 1 am aware is most feminine frankness, that this pretext is ling more, and that it has no foundation te facts of the case ? No woman really he arts that the nightly examination willeverre |tin the discovery of a burglar in the absurd litude and position we pretend to imagine, careful inspection of the criminal records bves that though nightly depredators con al themselves in all sorts of places, as, for ample, in the coal bin, the linen closet, the are room, in old houses even in the clock se on the stairs, and, as in the classic case Shakspeare's Iachimo, in a large Saratoga link, they are hardly ever sufficiently mis lided as to deliver themselves helplessly over ^he enemy by getting in a place which, if ey are married men, they know is always amined,andin which,if they are discovered, ley are not able to offer the slightest defence. ' i woman is really afraid of burglars, she kes her husband see to the locking of the bora and the fastening of the windows, and, 'ith that sense of heroic responsibility hich always distinguishes her, has no esitation on the coldest night in making ightest of attire if that imDortant duty has teen neglected, or, what is the same thing, if >he fancies, in the face of his warmest de tioiis, that snch is the case. Of course is a most legitimate exercise of wifely itithority, and the precaution taken is ad fitted by all husbands to be a reasonable one, hile the summons to look trader the bed, nd especially to get np and light a candle hen the task has been forgotten, is, as I , sam by inquiries among ray female friends, falways met with masculine irony and f ridicule, even though the rule of discipline find ices . the husband to obey. The | reai on of the difference is obvious lent igh. In the one case, the precaution f tak n is a practically prudent one, in the yatk 9 the husband suspects that he is made i a mrticipator in or minister of some mys |jtem>us rite of which he knows neither the Authority nor the object > He is quite right We do not know much more about it than he does. But wc do > know that we do not expect when we raise the bed .valance to see the > hobnailed boots of a burglar protruding from under the bed. What we do > expect, or shuddcrinriy fear to see— .but words are inadequate to the > exposition of these mysteries. These vague, hereditary, transmitted terrors > are never reduced to words, perhaps could not be. The dork, void, obscure > space under the bed, solemnly curtained off from the inhabited and cheer > fully lighted space around it, is the domestic shrine assigned to the > unknown powers of the nether world. Every woman feels that anything, > everything horrible and ghastly tnight; proceed from under the bed. It is a > gnere vulgarisation of our fears to ascribe •them to burglars, but In our > attempt to translate them to the clumsy perceptions of the other Bex what > else can we do ? Some masculine writer, with that shallow, flippant sir of assumption the so- called superior sex so often exhibits, has remarked that it is odd to find women terrified at the idea of finding a man under the bed, as. there is no case recorded of a man who was simUarly haunted by the terror of finding a wonan there. Eerily, whatever may be thought of this superstition, so to call it, of ouifsex, the subject is too serious a one to fe treated with such heartless frivolity as/this. Why the man is notawayed by thjse vague terrors is Simply because hi/nervous organisation iB less finely, less di icately strung, and his perceptions of the u known around ub an loss boubiUto And a tte coarse. The difference is the stamp of h i inferiority, not the reverse. I have ad n ttedtiiat the feeling and the practice are ^e r id from superstition, and I accept tap con-. ■ inences of fee admission. It is asupersti t m to which me are called upon in thtee e lightened dams to rise superior. Atatime T ,en the shrines of so putfur old sunersti tions have been purified under the rule of modern scepticism, when ghouls and vam pires no longer haunt the churchyards, when ghosts do not appear to move and rattle chains in old family mansions, when the Witches' Sabbath is no longer held on the Brocken, where an hotel now nourishes lor the accommodation ot tourists, we ought to be able to shake off this fear which we put into words which do not describe it, but which are required to explain it to the masculine understanding. I call there fore on my sisters to rise as one woman, and leaving over for the present such matters as female suffrage and tne rights of women, proceed first to fit themselves for the position of power and equality to which the most ad vanced among us profess to aspire, by shaking off this superstition which nightly subjects us to ridicule, and I tbiuk renders us cowards even in our own esteem. The hour is late and 1 am alone. It is time to retire. The old feelings are slowly and silently creeping over me. I am quite conscious that the mysterious terrors which I have refuted, and " shown up,"and denounced in this paper are regaining their sway. And as I lay down my pen and take my solitary way upstairs, I do so with the melancholy and humiliating consciousness that whatever my mental belief may be my feelings are still under the traditionary spell, and that on entering my room the first thing I do will be to make the nightly sacrifice to the dread might of the unknown for which language lias no name, by going through the rite which exposes us to man's ridicule and our own self-contempt, and which we pre tend to describe as looking for the Man Under the Bed. 