CHAPTER THE TWELFTH. Sir Vincent did return diat night ; he had seen Kingston, he said. He was very late, and he was tired. ;He asked Deborah if Mis tress Dinnape were with her. 'Yes, dear fadier. But you are going to sleep at home ?' ' Ay ; but I may be off early — too early for even thee, 'my bird of dawn. * ' Nay, fadier ; I will be up, not to see thee off, but to hold diee here. Thou shalt not go to- morrow !' He smiled. He looked pale. He kissed her fondly. * Lady WilfuL I must I want to see my boy. He is ever in trouble.' ' Nay ; think not about it to-night, lather. King has promised to find him out And so tiiey parted. Weary-hearted, widi all die brightness called up for her fadier laid aside, Deborah sought her chamber, weeping. She recalled die night when her father had told her Kingston Fleming was betrtoh'ed, her wild despair. But she was a child, and the bright morrow had then brought hope and healing. Now she was a woman, and a woman's sorrow lay deep widiin her breast Tired out, Deborah undressed and lay down on her bed, not to wake and weep, but to sink into a deep and dreamless slumber. ... With a start she awode. A start often wakes us from the soundest sleep, as if some spirit spoke. Deborah Fleming was so wide awake in a moment diat she saw tbiongb her open win dow die little pale ghost of the waning moon, the drifting clouds flitting by. A strange feel ing wes on Deborah. Had she been dreaming diat she had seen a light shining under her father's door ? Dream or vision, she seemed to see it still, and was irresistably drawn tiiither by a mysterious inner sense of alarm. She must to go-to her fadter's room, to see diat all was well...' With -a wildly beating heart, she threw on her- dressing-gown and went swiftly out Gray dawn rilled all the passages, agr?y cold dawn, and the little birds were beginning twitter. But yes — oh, strange and true, a ligqt was glimmering under her fadiers door ! Deborah heard him moving; she. knocked. ?Father I'— No answer.— « Fadier !' 1 'Who is there?' ' Deborah, Fadier, open your door ; I must talk with -you at once.9 ? ' She .tn^dv the door; it gave way; and De borah saw ^.J^pm scattered over widi papers, in the wildest confiislon. 'The window s&i-d; open, and Sir Vincent looking gray 'and hag gard in the uncertain light stood -against die table in the middle of the room. He was dressed ; his long white hair was ruffled ; his face' was gray, pale ; his eyes gleamed strangely on Deborah from under die lowering brows. :- * Fadier !' said Deborah, ' my fadier !* A - great trembling was on her, he looked at her strangely; but she kept outwardly calm. She laid her hands upon hi arm, and dien her eyes fell from : his troubled . face to his trembling hanrjj whieh was striving vainly to hide some thing amongst the papers on the table. De borah saw die handle of a pistol ; she drew it out and regarded him steadfastly. ' Fadier, fadier ! what is this !' ? (To be continued.) 