A Witness l'or the Bcleiiec, IN TIIItEE OlIAl'TEUS. — CHAPTER II. When I got back to town, tho sessions wero only a week of ; so tho first thing I did was to call on tho solicitor in chargo of my mur der case, in order to learn from him how it stood, and to tako it off his hands. The magistrate, of course, hnd snnf; th« nrisnrmr for trial. When I camo to read the deposi tions, the case against him seemed perfectly simple, nnd as conclusive as circumstantial evidence could'mako it. The crime had not occurred so long ago but that a diligent search had unearthed several witnosses. The ser vant-girl, who had now bccomo tbo wife of a dairyman in the immediate neighborhood, was found. Sho proved the bad conduct of young Hardon, and tho ill-will whioh gradually grew up between him and her former mistress. She also spoke to his ejectment from the house on tho day of the murder, and to his threats at tho street door. She swore to the knifo, which had been in the possession of the police ever sinco, as having belonged to the prisoner. There were other witnesses to the. same facts ; and tho landlord, my client, and several others, proved the flourishing of tho identical knife and tho ominous words in the public-house. To complete tho chain, tho man who had instructed me proved tho find ing of the knife in the room where the mur der was committed; and two or three wit nesses remembered being by his sido and seeing him stoop down and pick it up. These, with the final facts of his sudden disappear ance and changes of name, appeared both to mo and to my friend to be capable of being spun into a rope quite strong enough to swing John Harden out of tha world. ' But,' said my solicitor- friend, ' the queer est thing of all is that no one is going to ap pear for tho prisoner.' ' No ono to appear for him ? ' ' No ono. Young Elkin holds a watching brief on behalf ot prisoner's master, and that is all. He said Harden had been in Mr. Slo cum's — that's his master — service for over seven years, behaving extremely well all the time. Ho was invaluable to his old master, who is somothing of an invalid. Ho had turned religious, and was disgusted at his for mer wicked life.' 'But I suppose he has money — or, at any rate, if Sloeum is so fond of him, why doesn't he pay for the defence? ' ' Why, it seems that hia notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of worldly arts. Slooum is only too anxious to retain somo ono ; but Harden won'tghave it, and no one can persuade him. Says he is in tha hands of a Higher Power, and it shall be given him what he shall speak, and all the rest of it. He wanted to make a speech to tho magis trate ; but Slooum, by Eikin's advice, did manage to induce him to hold his tongue for tho present, and say he would reserve his de fence. Of course they hope ho will come to his senses boforo tho trial. But I don't know how that will be. I never saw such an ob Btinate pig. Only gave iu to his master ubout not speaking because the poor man began to whimper in court I ' The main part of my work had been done for me, and ic only remained to bespeak copies of tho depositions, see the witnesses, and mako suro that thoy intended to Bay at tho Old Bailey substantially tho samo things as they had said at the police court — a most neces sary precaution, tho imagination being so vivid in people of this olass that they are very likely to amplify their tale if possible— and prepare tho brief for the prosecuting coun sel. This done, I had but to let things take their course. Wben the day of tho trial camc, I was betimes in my place at tho Central Criminal Court, having various other cases iu hand there. The prisoners, os is customary, wero first put up and arraigned— that is, had the substance of thoir several indiotmcnts read over to them— and wero called on to plead ' guilty ' or ' not guilty.' These disposed of, the caso for John Hardon was called, and Hooked at him with some curiosity. No sooner had I done so than I knew that his was a faco upon which at some time or other I had looked before, and of which I had taken note. It is a useful peculiarity of mine that I never forgot a faco to which I have once paid any attention, and I can generally re collect the place and circumstances under which I last saw it. But hero tho latter part of my powers failed me. I knew tho face well, but could not imagine when and where I had beheld it. I oven knew that I had aeen the man bare-headed, and that ho was not then, as now, bald on the orown. Tho thing worried me not a littlo. In the meanwhile, John Harden was being put up to take his trial for the murdor of Agatha Harden. 'I, m' lud, appear to prosecute iu this case,' said my counsel, starting up. and down again like the blade of a knife. ' Does nobody appear for tha prisonor ? ' a3ked tho judge. 'I understand, m' lud, that tho prisonor is not represented,' said counsel, appearing and disappearing as boforo. ' My lord,' Baid an agitated voice from tho body of the court, ' I havo used all possiblo efforts ? ' ' Si-lenoe I ' proolaimod the usher. ' Who is that? ' inquired tho judgo, look ing over his spectacles. ' My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master ; and I am parfeotjy oonvinood ? ' ' I cannot hear you, Bir. If tho prisonor wiBhes to have counsel assigned to him for his defence, I will namo a gontleman, and will take caro that the prisonor shall have duo opportunity for hia instruction ; nnd if you desire to givo ovidenco on his behalf, you oan do so.— Prisoner, is it your wish that counsel be assigned to you for your defence ? ' Hardon had been standing with his head slightly bent, and his olasped hands resting on tha rail of tho dock. Ho now looked up at the judge, and replied in a grave and impas sive voice : ' My lord, I wish no help but tho help of God. I am in His handB, and I am an muocont man. If Ha Bees good to deliver mo, Ho will do so. Who am I, that I Bhould interfere with His work ? ' 'You appear to me,' said tho judgo gently, ' to be under an unfortunate delusion. You say rightly that you aro in God's hands ; but that should not hinder you from using suoh instruments for your deliverance aB Ho offors you. Once mora I will ask, do you now desire to be represented by counsel ? ' ' I do not, my lord.' ' So be it. — Now, Mr. Clinoher.' Rising onco more, counsel for tho prosecu tion proceeded to open his caso. It was clear and straightforward, put oonoisoly and tell ingly, and ombraced the faots which tho : reader already knows. He then called his [ witnossos; and as each aftor oach left tho box, it was easy to seo from tho faces of the jury that things woro likely to go hard with the prisoner. Always, in answer to tho in quiry, ' Do you wish to put any questions to this witness 1 ' Hardon roplied : ' No, my lord. He has said tha truth, for all I know.' So smoothly did tho truth run its course, that only one incident called for romark. This was when my client got into tho box; and so indecently oagor did he appear to bo to pro ouro tho conviction of tho prisonor, that ho twice called down upon himself a' severe re buko from tho judgo for persistently volun teering irrelevant statomonts to Harden's projudico. And when counsel at length said, 1 That, m' lud, is my case,' and sat down, but littlo doubt remained as to tha prisoner's fate. I still sat with my gaze faaeinatod by tho set faco in tho dock, trying — trying to remember when and where I had last looked upon it. ' Do you propose, prisoner, to call any wit nesses ? ' asked the judge. ' Only my master, my lord — Mr. Sloeum. He'll speak for me, and he'll say, I know, that I'm not tho man to kill any living thing.' ' Very well. And now, before calling him, do you desire to address tho jury ? ' The interest of tho case, which, except for that intorest which is inseparable from a trial for murder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being was virtually at grip3 with death. l?or what had just passed meant that there was no defence or attempt at a dofonco, that tho jury must convict, and that tho man must die, without hopo of mercy for so cowardly and ungrateful a murderer. Thero was not a sound in the court. It was lato in tho afternoon, and tho winter sun was setting. Its rays lit up the crimson hangings, tho scarlet robes of the judge, the intent faces, all looking one way, the drooping head and whito composed countenance ot the prisoner — the man stand ing up there in full health and Btrength, and whose life was going down with tho sun. ' I have but a few words to say, my lord and gentlemen. I didn't do it. I was bad enough, and maybe cruel enough in those days to do it ; but I didn't. I was so drunk and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might havo done it if it had happened earlier in the day, unknown almost to mysolf, and be standing here rightly enough. But I Jcnow I couldn't have dona it, and why ? Because I was miles away at the time. My poor aunt, as I've heard from what has been said, must have been killed between a quarter to and a quarter past eight in the evening. Well, at eight o'clock I was at least five miles off. If I'd done it directly the girl went out of the house— as she says, at a quarter to eight — it isn't according to reason that I could have broken open the cupboard, took the money, and got five miles off in a quarter o£ an hour.' He stopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. Where hail I seen him before 1 Where and when had I seen him do that very action ? ' 0, gentlemen, I couldn't have done it 1 I couldn't, bad as I was I I know, now, how bad that must have beon — the mercy of God has been upon me sinco those days — but bad as I was, I owed her too much, and knew it, to have hurt her in any way. Won't you believe me? I tell you I was miles away at the time— milos away. Who can tell us you're saying true ? you will ask. No one, I suppose. Not a soul was near mo that I knew to comc bora and speak the truth for mo this day. But I know the same God that saved Daniel can save me from a sorry end, if it is His will to do it — if not, His will be dona 1 I'm keeping you too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll just toll you how it was, and I've dono, and you must do as duty bids you.' Another pause. The silence of death, or rather of a deathbed. The faces in the dis tance of tho darkened court Bhimmered through the gloom, liko those of spectres waiting to welcome a coming shade. Then the gas-light burst forth, and all sprang into sudden distinctness, and thero waa a general half-stir as of relief. ' Oh, isn't thero one here that oan apeak for mo ? Is there any one who remembers the great gas-main explosion in ? Street that year ? ' There was again a stir, and a more decided one. Clearly there were many in court who remembered it. I did, for one. And remem bering it, I seemed as ono in a tunnel, who sees the glimmer from tho distant opening, but can distinguish no feature of the landscape beyond. ' I was there — that night. It waB the night of the day I was turned out of doors— the night of the murder. How I came to be thoro, so far from my aunt's neighborhood, I don't know, but I found myself working bard, helping to lift the stones and timber of tho house-fronts that wore blown in, and getting tho poor crushed people out. I worked a long time, till I was like to drop ; and a policcmau clapped ma on the back and gave mo a word of praiso and a drink of beer out of a can. I wonder where that policeman is now, and if ho'd remember ? ' Ha did not respond, wherever he might be. No ono to help — no friendly plank to bridge over tha yawning grave. What was it, this that I was trying so hard to recall ? 'I wandored off after that into the by streets. I knew those parts well. I had had a comrade who used to live there, and many a wioked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. Tho beer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had muddled me again a bit., but I was quite sober enough to know every step of the'way I went, and remember it now. I turned up Hoadley Street, and thon to the left along Blewitt Street ; and just when my aunt must have boen struggling with tho wretch that took hor life, whoever it was, I heard a dock striko eight. I did, gontlomon, and I supposo I never thought of it Binco ; but now 1 remember it as clear as day. I was standing at the time at tha corner ot Hauraki Street.' It all camo back to me in a rnomont I I heard tbo patter of the rain on the cab-roof — I saw tho gleam of tho infrequent lighta on tho wet flags— I listonod to tho objurgations of the cabman at tho obstructing dray — I tosk note of the reflection in the mirror, tho queer streot-namo which would not rhyme so as to mako sense. Tho strokes of the olook strik ing eight wore in my ears. I aaw tho lamp at the corner, and tho man underneath look up at it— tho man with tho short broad face, tho sharp chin, tho long thin mouth turned down at the corners, and the blank in the front teeth — tho innooent man I was hound ing to his death — tho prisoner at the bar I As I sprang to my feet, down with a orasli wont my bag full of papors, my hat and um brella, so that oven the impaBsivo judge gavo a start, and tho usher, waking up, onco moro proclaimed ' Silence 1 ' with shooked and in jured inflection. Hcodless of the majesty of tho law, I beokoned to my counsel, and lio leaned over to mo in surprise, I whispored earnestly in his oar. I never saw tho human faoa express mora entire astonishment. How over, seeing that I was nnmistakeably in earnest, ho merely nodded and roso to bis feet. ' Your lordship will pardon me,' he said, 'for interfering at this stage between the prisoner and tho jury ; but I am instructed to make a communication whioh I feel sure will be as astounding to your lordship and the jury as it is to mysolf. I think I may say that it is the most surprising and unprece dented thing which ever ocourred in a oourt of justice. My lord, the solioitor who in structs me to prosecute tenders himself as a witness for tho defonoo 1 ' CONCLUSION. To say that there- was a ' sensation ' would feebly describe what followed. Every ono in court sprang to bis feet. -JTho prisoner lookod as if ho had seen a ghost. Thoro waa a perfect hubbub of voices, as bar and jury talked among themsolves, and my brothren at tho solicitors' tablo poured 'questions upon mo, to nono of which I replied. Silenco boing restored, tho voieo of tha judge — grave and dignified, but with a porceptiblo tremor— des- cended liko vocal oil on tho troubled waves of sound. ' Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher? ' ' Mr. Bentley, my lord.' The judgo looked moro astonished thon ever. My namo waB familiar enough to him as a judgo, and. he had known it even better when, a3 a leading barrister, ha had held many a brief from mo. ' I am persuaded,' said ho, ' that a gentle man of Mr. Bentley's roputo and experience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary ancl unheard-of ? I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if ho roally considers that duty requirea him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why ho camo to that conclusion ? ' ' My lord,' I replied, ' I am oertain that, believing what I had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to cortain faots which are within my own knowledge. But if tho prisoner chooses to call me as a wit ness, your lordship will proaently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in tho box, give my reasons. And I must add that tho value of my evidence to tbo prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to oertain ques tions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me aa I expect, I beliava my evi dence will put an end to tho ease against him.' ' Really, gentlemen of tho jury,' said hia lordship, ' this matter is assuming a more and mora remarkable aspeot. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting . solioitor ia the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which over came under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide because tho prisoner has not tho advantage of coun sel's assistance. — Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a wit ness on your behalf? You have heard what ho has said about cortain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of course you aro not bound to answer any such ques tions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say ?' ' I am in God's bands, my lord,' answered the prisoner, who was quite calm again. 'It may bo that Ho was raised up a deliverer for ma— I cannot tell. But I know that if Ho wills that I should die, no man can save me ; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentleman wiBhes.' I propose,' said tho judge, ' beforo de ciding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Reoorder in tho next court.' .All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed mo from every side by burying my self in a consultation with my counsel. When ho heard what the reader knows, he fully uphold me iu what I proposed to do; and then threw himself baok in his seat with the air of a man Whom nothing oould ever astonish again. ' Si-lence 1 ' cried tha usher. Tho judge was returning. ' I have decided,' said he, ' to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval.' I sat down and wrote my queationa, and they wore passed up to the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised than ever. But all he said, as be handed them down, was, ' Put the questions.' I walked up to tho dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his answers Blowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was aworn. My evidence waa to the effect already stated. As I described the man I had Been under tho lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the ohange wrought by twelve years, they found that the description tallied closely with the man's appearance. ' I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain queationa, to whioh the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers ; ' Queation : Were you smoking when you came up to tha corner of Haurafci-street ? — Answer: No. ' Question : Did you afterwards smoke ? — Answer : I had no lights. ' Question : Did you try to get a light ? — Answer : Yes, by olimbing a lamp at the corner ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against the cross bar, ' Question : Where did you carry your pipe and tobaaco ? — Answer : In my hat. ' Those answers,' I concluded, ' aro abso lutely correct in every particular. Tha man whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'olock on the night of the murder, behaved as the answers indicate. That conoludea the evi dence I have felt bound to tender.' And I handed the slip of paper to the usher for in spection by tho jury. ' Prisoner,' inquired tho judge, ' do you call any othor witness ? ' ' I do not, my lord.' ' Than, gentlemen,' said tho judgo, turning to the jury, 'the ono romark that I shall make to you is this — that if you believe the story of the prisoner's witness, there can bo little doubt but that the priaoner waa tha man whom tbo witness saw at tho corner of Hauraki-street at eight o'olook on the night in question ; and if that was so, it is clear, on the case of tho prosecution, that be oannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to say tho least, to bo without bias in tho prisoner's favor, and that his evidence is very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's answers to tho written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdiot.' ' Wo are agreed, my lord,' said the fore man. ' Gentlemen of tho jury,' sung out the clerk of arraigns, ' aro you all agreed upon your verdict ? ' ' We aro.' ' ' And that verdiot is ? ' 'Not guilty.' v ' And that is the verdict of you all 1' ' It ia.' Thero followed a burat of oheering whioh the usher could not silence, but which silenced itself as the judge was seen to be speaking. 'John Harden — I am thankful, every man in this oourt is thankful — that your trust in the meroy and power of the AU-meroiful and All-powerful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdiot of the jury, and most wonderful has been your doliveranoe. You go forth a free man ; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has been bestowed on ono who has repented of his past sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmindful of that goodness hereafter. You are discharged.' Had he bean left to himself, I think the prisoner's old master would havo olimbed into the dook, with the view of personally deliver ing his servant out of the houso of bondage. But ho was restrained by a sympathetic con stable, while John Harden VvW.i ro-conveyod for a short time to the gaol, to undergo cer tain necessary-formalities connected with his release from custody. I volunteored to take chargo of Mr. Slooum, and took him to tho vestibule ot tho prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and-praises. We wero aoon joined by Harden, whoso meeting with his master brought a lump into tho throat even of a tough criminal lawyer liko myself. I aaw them into a cab, and thoy drove off to Mr. Slocum'a hotel, after promising to call on me noxt day, and enlighten mo on oertain points as to'whioh I was still in tho dar As strange a part of my story aa any, has yot to be told. I had hardly got baok to my office and settled down to read over thevarious letters which wero awaiting my signature, when my lato client (Harden's proseoutor) was announced. I had lost sight of him in tho exoitemont whioh followed tho acquittal. H i did not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after tho cleric into my room._ Ho was ashen white, or rather gray, and hia knees shook so that he could scarcely stand ; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in tho presence of tho nstonished olork, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective of tho foulest kind. I had sold him ; I waa in league with tho prisoner. I was a swind ling thief of a lawyer, whom ho would havo struck off tho rolls, Ac. ; until I really thought he had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom he know to be innocent. As he only replied with abuaiva language, I ordered him out of the office. The office quieted itself onco more — being far too busy, and also too well accus tomed to eccontrio people to have time for long wonderment at anything — nnd in an hour I had finished my work, and waa pre paring to leavo for home, when another visi tor waa announced— Inspector Forreater. ' Well, Mr. Forrester, what's tho matter now? I'm just going off.' ' Sorry it I put you out of the way, sir ; but I thought you'd liko to hear what's hap pened. The prosecutor in Harden's case has given himself up for tho murder 1 ' ' What ?' I shouted. ' He just has, sir. It's a queer day, this ia. When I heard you get up and giva evi dence for the man you woro prosecuting, I thought curiosities was over for ever ; but seems they ain't, and never will be.' 'How waa it?' ' Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, but that was all. Said fate was against him, and had saved tho man ho thought to hang in his stead, and be knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of course — told him to sleep on it before ho said anything; but make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when he saw that poor drunken fool ex. hibiting his knife iu the tavern. He followed him, and picked his pocket of the knife, and thon hung about the house, meaning to get in after dark. Then ho saw the girl c'omo out and go off, leaving the door closed but not latched, the careless hussy I Then in slips tho gentleman, and doe3 what he'd made up liis mind to — for you see the old woman knew him well, so ho couldn't afford to leavo her alive— gets the cash, and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When he hoard that Harden couldn't be found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever aiuce, though he did well enough in trade with the money. Seems he considered ho wasn't safe until someone had been hanged. So, whon be recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to get him convicted — whioh I noticed myself, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt. He took too ihuch pains, you see — he must employ you to make cor tain, instead of leaving it to us ; whereas if ho hadn't come to you, your ovidenco would never have been given, and I think you'll say nothing could have saved the prisoner.' It waa true enough. The wretched man had insured tho failure of hia own fiendiah design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone 1 I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-hearted streets, until at daybreak ho had found himself in the dooks, looking at a largo ship preparing to drop down the river with the tide. How ho had managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self' away in tho hold, with somo idea of bettering his not over-bright fortunes in foreign parts. How ho had supported his life in tho hold with stray fragments of bis cuit, whioh he happened to have in hia pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when thoy were out in mid- chunnal, the usual search for stowaways had unearthed him. How the oaptain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to tallow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel. How on landing at Syd ney he had gone into the interior, takon ser vice with his present master— under another namo than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with hiB formor life — and by honestly doing his duty had attained hia . present position. By tho light of thia narrative, that whioh bad puzzled me became perfectly dear — namely, how it was that he had contrived not ; only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hue and cry after him, but also to remain in - ignorance of hia aunt'a fate. My client was tried, convicted, and exo-. outed in due course; hia plea of guilty and .?/? voluntary surrender having no weight against the cruel and cowardly attempt to put nn innooent man in hia placo. - When I last saw John Hardon, he was married to a serious lady, who had been his , u late master's housekeeper, and was possessor , of a prosperous general shop in a country . . - village, stocked by means of the money I whioh Mr. Slooum had generously left him. . . 