THE aUTSTDAG-AI ELECTION. We publish the following correspondence, which appeared in the SfrENiHa Hiwa, and as if; -speaks for itself, there is no need fox one word o! com ment in our pagss. Our readers, who knots' all tho facts, can judga for fchemaslTes:— (TO THS SDOTOB.) Sir, — Truly, indeed^ nothing cupoeeda like buc C63s. My advocacy in favour of my friend, Mr. John Want, according to the sagacious ITbsb man'b Jottenaii, trhioh, of cooraoj knowa oyery ttung - after fcne poll, destroyed his onanoos. U Mr. Want had /been successful, aol esaerfc ha would hare been if bis numerous friends in and around tho town of (SundagBa had, like other portions of fcho elootorste, taken ths trouble to vote, would thd tough conscience oi tho 3?beb man's JotTEHMi hava sfcaefcohed aufSoiently to give mo even ona word of praisa, o*» rather, would it not have invented soms other fancied fault in me ? If the FbeeHAN had been safcisfiod to find fault with me, in connection only with fche Gundagai eleotion and bad noVuaacL its usual mere personal abueo, perhaps silaaoa worsld have become mo. ' And, indeed, with euoh Isrr&iaism; of journalism as the paragraph zospeoting me ia tainted with, my ailonoo orsn not? vrotald, under ordinary cirouHiBtanoea, hs corredi. But I havo known privately, for soma years pasfc, that fcho FBBEMAir'fl Jorauiii had marked me, and some of my more infciaaafcs political frisnda, for politi cal extinction ; and it id for- fchs purposa of publioly crossing BForda with that organ, do malicious and so itnpofienfc, that I cravs space in yonr widely .si?oalstiBg paper to eay now, ones for all, that whensYar tho FEBHSSi^fi .Soms&L;, under tho present editor can claim to have any voice in tho direction, nianagoxasafc, or control of parh'amsnfcaryrsprsssnfcafciyaa in thia colony, I shall decline to take any farther part in public affairs. Hlvar sineo I have had fcha honour oi a seat in tho Aoaembly the Fbeemah's jaundiced oye h&8 been upon me, merely beoause it had no power over me, with tha result that, after nearly four years in fche political arena, where everyone who i3 human must occasionally err, its only rooord against ma ia tfao defeat, merely, of course, in its prudanfciel judgment, be cause I supported him, o£ ona of the ablest and most promising of Australians, Mr. Want, esd my opposition when the present GoTerntnon& wfi3 formed to Mr. Reid aaMinifiterof Public InBtruc tion. Respecting the forme?, everyone in fehe electorate knowa that fco say that my sup port injured Mr. 'Want is a childishly mendacious statement j and probably the only paper in the colony that would have the temerity, or rathe? impudence, to assert such a thing is the Eebbman. And with reference to Mr. Reid, I had a right as a representative of the people to think, and I had the courage then publioly to say that Mr. Reid should have been appointed Minister oJ Justice, and that the pre sent able Speaker, Mr. Barton, should occupy the delicate and important poet of Ministor of Edu cation. Woll, as to this last offenoe of mine, did not even the immaculate Fbebman agree, after a few months' esperience, that my opinion was cor rect ? And did it not, week after week, while as- . Burning to support the Ministry, open ita columns in bitter denunciation of Mr. Reid, and hiB admin istration of his department? But denouncing Mr. Reid is one thing and opposing him is another, with which only I now have to deal. I now publioly tell the Fbeemau's JoubkaIi that I despise its advocacy, which I trust shall neror be extended to me while Mr. Thomas Butler is its editor ; and I defy all tho petty opposition it is capable of giving me, either privately as a oitizen, or publicly as a member for Burrows. Nothing would hurt my feelings more than its friendship, and nothing that I know of could give me greater pleasure than to know thafc I was fortunate enough to obtain ita public, unrelonting, and un forgiving enmity. Tho former could do me no good. The latter can do me no ha*m.— Yours, &c;, T. ' M. Slatteey. Sydney, 29bh April, 1884 (to the editob.) Sir, — In his letter to you on Tuesday, Mr. T. M. Slattory shows how indiacreofc an intemperate advocate can be when he has himsolE for a oliont. I did not, o£ course, expect that Mr. Slattery could bo weaned from the opinion that his pre sence and horanguaa in a constituency where he had noithor interest or influenco oould be any thing but beneficial to his party. He has had so many lessonB of defeat during his short politi cal career, while alternately championing the party for the time boing on which he bestowed his fickle favour or hia less fatal hostility, and has disregarded them bo blindly that there eesms a kind of infatuated egofciera in hia imper turbable Bolf-s^tiaf action. Thia in not im en viable or a healthy state of mind $ bufc I have no doubt ifc is not an uah&ppy; one, and I should therefore be sorry to find that hio equanimity was uaolessly disturbed by the strio tures of the FbbESIZO^S Jotoiui.. Indeed, ib is oonsolatosy to bear from Ms. Slattery hunsalf that they hare nob hurt him &b; all, though ib ia not quite so rs-aaranng to ilnd. how painfully he exposes tho sore plaoa of hia eharaotor in public. If the paragraph he complains ot whtq bo per fectly harmless why this Qoroe oxprossion of par* sonal rasontmenfc I His lottai' contaiaa not one line of intelligible explanation, bsoauis, paihaps, Mr. Blatfcoiy was— withont outao, as he admits— too angry to explain. Mo leaves mo cbso lutoly nothing to raply fco oxoopfc tit© taunt that I ' knew ewrythlng affcdr tha poll.' I plead guilty at onoo fco that chavge, although by so doing I may find myself in vory indiffcsent company. Mr. Blattary, ay ovoi-jbody knows, is not o£ bhe numboi'. He know everything on his return from the oleotornto, timongot other things that Mr. Want would bo roturned in triumph bj a majority of two to ono. I should bo sori7 under any oircuruatancoa to troneh on Jilr. Slal tery's offioo of political proyhofc, 'bu'o I must lot him know thafc hia mimeioua ucausintanc- ee rof upo to ahow the same ooasidoration, eithor for his assumed functions or Mb porsonal feelings. I oould give him, if I were permitted, a long list of his nearest end deareat friends, both in town and oountry, who confidently predicted Mr. Want's defeat, under the unlucky auspices of Mr. Slattory. They all remembered how theis moreurial friend had, with Mr. James Wotaon and Sir Henry Parkos, led Elkjng ton to the political blook with full assurance of victory, ana othors before him, with miBplaced gaiety and noisy self- gratulation. Long before thapoll, in fact on the announcement of Mr. Blatfcary*fl campftign; there was a ohorus of Oan sandros Bsaongsb Mr. Slattery's most intimate friends, and no doubt thsir inspiration oamefrom fcha fceaohingB of experience— a source it seems from whioh Mr. Slattery refuses to learn anything ?s-hatofor. — Yonre, &o.;, T. Btjtleb. FBauM&ir;'fl ????JouBBrAi Office, April 30, 1884. KS.— Aa to making Mr. Slattery a ' marked' man, it muBfc be by silence, for his name has not Esppaarod three times in the leading columns of thaB1. 3. (TO THE EDITOE.) Sir,— When I addressed my letter to you on Tuesday Issfc in reply to tho ortiole in the Fbee xiAlt's JousarAii of the previous Saturday, I wil fully violafeed journalistic etiquette by naming Mr. Tixoms.n Bnfcler bs ray personal 'enemy in con nection with the publication of tho article in qaeefeion. Up fco that time I bai given him credit;, not ion K,bili£y,: but for considerable cun ning, and I oeascely dared pffoinise myself that my sd?cit movo in addressing you fos fair 'play would fee sucoesofal in drawing Mr. Thomas Butlox out to reply fco me in your columns. He has done 00, howover, and I have thus skil fully Bucosoded in making the quarrel to be now a merely porsonal one between Mr. Thomas Butler and me: And it would be sufficient for my purpose now to say that bis weakness in replying to me shows his utter un fitnoBS .fco ooonpy fcha recently assumed by him position of leader in any movement ; and proves that hb jotu-naliBtio judgement, after about 15 ysaraJ esperienoe, is absolutely worthless. '/Indeed, - I thought th3t, after the almost unmerciful lashing I gave him, he might have fonnd b friend more disoroot than himself who would have had sufficient influence with him to persuade him to take in silonce the bitterly disBgreoable dose I gave him, and thus not draw me on him again. How ever, Mr. Thomas Butler is incorrigible, and I am compelled fco expose his audaoifcy and imperti nence in presuming to suggest tome what my duties as a colonist Bre, and what stops I should take in matters political or otherwise. And who, I should like to know, ia this self -nomi- nated, Belf -appointed, lay kind of u Archbishop of York-street,' that he should dare to write about me, and matters Bbout which his ignoranoe is only equalled by bis unblushing impudenoe. Let us see. Mr. Butler charges me with, in his puerile judgment, three enormous political offences, &iz.; :— First, that in Ghmdagai I have neither interest nor influence. Second, that during my political career I have had many lessons of defeat. And third, that I was associated with Sir Hanry Parlces and Mr. James Watson in the candidature of Mr. Blkington for Bast Sydney,. Well, if I had been guilty of all these charges, I would be more entitled to silent pity than to public prominence. But what aro the facts ? The first cfeargc is amply answered in a leader in the principle paper in the electorate, the Q-undagai TiME3, of the 29th April, which, re ferring to the Fbeeman's malicious article ogaiDBt me, states, ' We can all of us, on the spot, tell our lamentably ill-informed Sydney contemporary (tho Feebman) that be is laughably in error. A journal of less ambition to bo an authority on matters political should really bo more scrupulous to toll the truth of prominent and well-deserving public men than tho Freeman's Jottkaii has been in the case of Mr. T. M. Slattery.' But, in ad dition, the Oootamundra Lieeeaii of the 30th ultimo sfcatOQ that ' the Fbee man's JoTraN Aii allows itself to be per suaded that Mr. Slatfcery's coming up here Bpoilb Mr. Wanft's chance.' And Mr. Want's own letter in your issue of yesterday is, without further proof, an ample vindication of me from Mr. Butler's vindictive remarks. However, I suppose that. Mr. Butler's vanity would not allow itself to bo humbled by accepting such evidence, and if he still thinks that he knows more, about the electorate than anyone else in the co lony, perhaps he would write to Mr. P. J. O'JDonnellj J.P., of Mingay, Mr. James Orowey J.P.s of Gobarralong, Mr. James Eobinson, J.P., of Kimo, Mi1. Archibald Smith, J.P., of Gundagai, Mr. Lawrence Eoache, of Jugiong, Mr. Taylor, of Oootamundra ; or, if he knows any respectable person in the electorate (which I very much doubt), arid publish ony ianawers he may receive, I shall feel under a per sonal obligation to him. But Mr. Butler has about as much idoa of tho electorate of Q-undagai as a child bovn yostorday in Timbuctoo. Respecting political dof oats caused by me, I ohallenge Mr. Butlor --o point out one. I had his personal enmity whon I first wont to Burrowa, and in spite of ib and Sir Honry Parkos' 0 opposi tion, I suoceotted in donating a gentleman of fcho highest ohtaraoter. And, with Mr. Butler's pri vate hostility ab the laob «lactions I was elected without opposition. As fco other defeats caused by tne, lob hjm ask the Hon. Alosandor i3tuart, who will pvobably tell him what I cannot pub licly boaefc ol. Mr. Butler's references to these matSora bowevor, are too insignificant to be sori ouoly oonndorod. But his statement that I was associated with Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. James ?Wataon in eomo oloction is a wilful falsehood, which no man capable of boiog oalled rospeotable would duro uttor. Indeed, no journalist that I know oi but Mr. Butler would do so. For many ro&Eono;, £ regret thafc hio natural impotuogity shoald hfivo filowed him to mention the name o£ Sir Henry Pavkes. Ifc h for him a singularly uafottunato allusion. I novor wag associated \yith Sip Honry Parkea or Mr. Jamos Watson in anything, oither political or private. But can the politioal Simon Pure (Mr. Thomas Butler) say the same ? He has been fcbc nominal edi tor of tho ITeeeman for 15 years, and from the time of the Kiama ghost business until the eve of a fatal and ever fco be remembered politi- ' oal union, whioh I shall term the first epoch of his consistent editorship, were not tha oolumna of fcho Feebman open fco every writer for tho pur pose of denouncing Sir Henry Parkes as the arch-' enemy of the liberties of the people of the coun try ? And the vory Saturday after tho union in question was consummated, which I shall term the seoond opooh of Mr. Thomas Butler's fidelity' fco principle, did not Mr. Thomas Butler, with in fantile weakness, completely turn his journalistic ooat, and nob only shock the public conscience, but call forth public protests from the pre eent Attorney-General (Mr. Dalloy), tho Hon. William Macleay. and tho late lamented William Forster against his pub lic perfidy ? Well, during this epoch were nofc all writers invifcod fco fill up tho bitter cup of public humiliation by lauding Sir Henry Parlces ' to the skies in the same (consistent) Feeeman's JoiTBWAIi, as a heavenly-born legislator who, up to that, had been not only misunderstood, but who had been oruolly, maliciously, and wickedly injured and maligned in the columns of the Fjzee man ? The third spoohjbf Mr. Thomas Butleriem in connection with Sir Henry Parkes in our politioal life fcook place when the union rc-/ ferred to was severed by what I then thought and still regard aa the most cowardly and diabolioal piece of personal end political treachery that over took place here or elsewhere. In that epoch were not the old writers again celled back to their old work to prove that not only was Sir Henry Parkea an arch-traitor, but an arch-fiend in human shapo, whoso only object in public life was fco placo a section o£ tho people m absolute political bondage ? A nice kind of man this Mr. Thos. Butler fco have tho preoump fcion to think thafc any rospecfcablo person in the community will follow hio lead in any thing. He lives very comfortably at present on three thingss and he should not risk any pecuniary loss, or rather loss oi bis income, by interfering with mattei'j of which ho is grossly ignorant, and with which he should hafo no concern;. These fchreo things aro — (1) The character aiqd the brilliancy of one of Australia's most gifted: sona, who, by some mysterious fascination, Beems fco have placed in wretched bands bio marvellous ; talents and hi3 political reputation in endeavour ing to assist Tom Butleriem, (2) scissors, and (8) paste.— Yours, &o.;, : : ; May 2. T. M. Siattebx. 