PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDKE8P4.Y AKD 8ATUBDAY MOBNING. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1884. OUR RAILWAY BILL. The Mount (Japibier and Narracoorfce Railway Bill h$8 h&d; bptfcer lijck than the other railway bills of the session. They have all been strangled; two of the'm in the Assembly, the third in the legislative Council; that to connect Mount Gambier with Narracoorte alone has escaped. We may fairly congratulate the district on its good fortune. The Bill was so long kept back that it was not without reason that its friends began to fear that the Govern ment had no intention of taking it up, and when they did it was reasonably feared that it wou}d have little ehance of passing at the fag end of the session. B$t despite these inauspicious surroundings it is now one of the measures that will be added to the Session Book for 1884. Parliament has done better by us than we could have expected, and we must accept the grace with all the more grati tude. Few of us when the announce ment was made last Friday that the BUI had been read a first time would have been bold enough to prophesy that it would become law; and he would have been set down as an idle dreamer who would have asserted that it would get to this stage in less than a week, Yet this result has come about. On Tuesday the As sembly, after a short debate, passed the measure through all its stages; and on Thursday the Legislative Council was equally accommodating, and did like wise. Thus the long talked about rail way bill to connect the Garden of the Colony with the metropolis passed the ordeal of both Houses on two afternoons of one week-an almost unprecedented occurrence in coioniai mscory, , The passing of the Railway Bill we look upon as a simple act of justice to this end of the district. Various modifi cations of the scheme have lately been urged, but none of them would have done justice to Mount Gambier. The wild proposal to take the intercolonial traffic via Millicent and Lucindale was too ridiculous for serious notice, and it would have only been a lessening of the inconvenience to have tried a com promise with the view of meeting the claims both of Mount Gambier and Millicent. Mount Gambier was entitled to the line as it has been passed. This district was first settled, it has made the most progress, it has the largest population, its resources are greatest, its contribution to the traffic of the line would be the largest; its olaims, therefore, were entitled to first considera tion. Parliament has simply done us justice. What is now conceded will do no.injustice to any other part of the dis- . Uict, The new Jiae will* m mmy cases, i be a convenience all round; and as tim® I ievelopes things we may hope that it ! will be found a stepping stone to further railway expansion. The Commissioner did not make too much of the prospects of the line. His anticipations as to its earnings were very modest indeed, and we have no hesitation in saying that there is every prospect of their being far more than realised. "We believe this section will not only be a paying one in itself, but that it will help greatly to make the other South-East lines pay also. VERT general satisfaction was expressed here on Thursday afternoon when the telegramB arrived announcing the passing of the Mount Gambier and Narracoorte Railway Bill. Though people generally were sanguine that the mea sure would pass, there was enough of doubt on the issue to make the news very welcome. The Bill has had an extraordinary career in both Houses. Referring to its passage through the Assembly the Register says (after the vote on the second reading was taken)-" Exactly three minutes and a half were spent in sending the Bill finally through the House. That record has not been beaten for years." The Council | must have been equally expeditious. The Bill was passed through all its stages on Thursday afternoon before five o'clock. Several of the members of the. Council, as well as our own members, courteously advised their friends here of the result, which was known all over the town by tea time. THE Mount Gambier Agricultural and Hor ticultural Society's Show on Wednesday was a very satisfactory meeting. With the exception of one or two classes the competition was ex cellent, and the exhibits generally were good. The attendance was larger than at any previous meeting, the gate money mounting tip to the handsome total of £105. The improvements made in the ground since last show; gave much satisfaction, especially the show ring. When the grand stand is added, and some other minor alterations are made, the ground will be pretty well perfect. MB. MATHESON, of the Hotspur saw-mills, has just entered into a contract with Messrs. Riddoch, of Glencoe, under which he will 'Cut down and remove 60,000 red gum sleepers, to be used in the construction of the overland . railway line. These sleepers will be shipped at Beachport for .delivery at the Murray Bridge end on the contract. Sawing operations will be commenced without delay; and as there is abundance of valuable timber in the district we may hope that this is only the beginningof what will be an important industry. _ The ? sleepers for the southern end of the line will be obtained from the Struan estate, near Narra coorte; the executors of the late Mr. John Robertson, it is said, having given Messrs. Millar Bros., the railway contractors, the right to cut down and saw up as many gum trees as they require for £6,000. MOUNT GAMBIEK ATHLETIC CLUB HANDICAP. -The matter of the protest against Reddan, the winner of this event, has not yet been decided by the Athletic Club Committee. A lot of evidence was taken on Tuesday evening, and on Wednes day Reddan, at the request of the Committee, made an affidavit as to his bona fides and sat for his photograph. The further consideration of the protest has been adjourned until more evidence is obtainable. GOVERNMENT TENDERS.-On Tuesday tenders were opened as follows:-Architect-in- Chief's Department-Erecting shelter-shed, making repairs, and painting Kingsley Sohool, two tenders, S. W. Milsteaa lowest. Traffio Manager's Department-Loading and unload ing goods on Kingston and Border Town line for twelve months ending December SI, 1885, two tenders, not deolared. HIGH-PRICED CATTLE.-We observe from our Melbourne exchanges of Tuesday that a very valuable addition to the herds of this district has been made by the purchase for the Struan House Estate of a number of high-priced pure bred Alderney cattle. Mr. Godfrey MacKin non, who has for years past made a speciality of these cattle, sparing no expense in adding to his herd by carefully-selected importations from England, offered last Monday his whole herd for sale on account of his departure for Europe, and the representatives of the late Mr. John Robertson were the largest buyers at the sale, having purchased the most select lots in the catalogue. These are now on their road to Struan House. Amongst the purchases made by the late Mr. Robertson's trustees we "observe from the catalogue the beautiful fawn cow "Fancy," 5 years old (tot 1), which took first prize at the Dandenong show last February. This cow excited keen competition, and was run up to 85 guineas, at which figure she was secured for Struan House. "Pansy," a very pretty fawn cow, is said to be a wonderful milker and her lineage is most aristocratic, her dam being the celebrated pure Alderney cow "Pink." She goes to Struan House at 65 guineas. 'Darkie," another of the purchases, is a very dark fawn cow 5 years- old, and took third prize at the Dandenohg Show in Feb ruary. The young calf which this cow was suckling excited lively competition, and was bought by_an outside buyer at 35 guineas, the ^ghost-priced calf of the sale. "Buttercup," a fawi» 5-year-old cjld CQW, was acknowledged to be the most beautiful Aldferpey cpw in the pad dock, and this cow' and' a young fawn bull her last years calf, "The Beau,'were also purchased by the Executors. We observe also amongst the purchasers' names those 0f Mr. A, McEdward, of Mildura. Kew, apd Mr. A. Nicholas,. of Toorak. Mr. McEdward's purchases being " The Fawn," a very choice dark fawn cow, and " Beauty,"rn orange-coloured heifer, for which he paid 75 guineas and 51 guineasl respectively. Mr. Nicholas succeeded in getting Duncan Grey," a finely-shaped fawn bull at 50 guineas; " Perfection," a suver grey and white 4-year old cow, 45 guineas; "Bella," fawn, 3-years old cow 40 guineas; " Lofty," brown 3 years old, 16 guineas, and two others, one being a three-quarter bred heifer. The sale shows conclusively that Alderney cattle are coming into gpeat demand, the \yonderful cream-producinjsf qualities Q'f their milk making thprn the in.ost' valuable cows jciiowiji for dairy purposes. Several of the cows which go to Struan house are stated to give 20 quarts of milk per diem and 15 to 17lbs. of butter per week, and one of the cows at the sale was catalogued to give 23 quarts a day, from which 17lbs. of the choicest butter are made per week. The total price realised for the hundred lots offered at the sale was £2,578 7s. Forty-seven cows averaged £3419s. 3d. in price. Twenty-two heifers were sold at an average of £231<f$. 8d. twenty-two young calves brought on aii average £l2'8s. 8d., and nine young bulls ftyeraged £&3 lQs.. JfcjL" » Thb overture in favor of separating certain of the Border congregations from the Presbytery of Hamilton, ana forming them into a new Presbytery, came before the General Assembly -of the Presbyterian Church, sitting in Mel bourne, on Wednesday. It was unanimously carried. The new Court will be called the Penola Presbytery. SAi.yA'£K«i Ab^it.-It {s $ni}ounced tha£ Colonel Ballington Booth, spn/ftf the founder of the Salviation Army; and Major Howard, one of the principals of the London Training Home, will visit Mount Gambier 04 Thursday next, November 20, and address public meet ings in the Institute Hall at 2,30 p,m, and 7 p.m. They will be accompanied by Major Thurman, chief of the Army in South Austra lia. Colonel Booth will, as far as is yet known only stay the one day. but Major Thurman will remain and conduct meetings on the fol lowing Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. The anniversary of the establishment of the Mqunt Gambier Corps, or, as thpposters put it,*"the anniversary of the first battle of the 'Army in Mount Gambiey," is to be celebrated by a great tea on the afternoon of Wednesday, 26|h iiist. The members of the Army here are enthusiastic in the matter of the approaching demonstra tions and intend doing all the can to make them successful. THE show ball on Thursday evening was not so well attended as might have been expected, there being only 25 couples present, more than half of whom were visitors. The affair, in spite of the thin attendance, passed off very plea santly, dancing being kept up with spirit till an early hour. The music and supper, the latter being provided by Mr. Kieselbach, were excel lent ; better could not have been desired. At the Millicent Police Court, on Thursday, Messrs. W, A, Hart, H, Smith, F. R. Scljlegpl, Haitz, G. . K. Mildwaters, and Gilders were charged criminally with libelling Mr. J. Doherty, schoolmaster, Beachport. The magis trate advised the parties to the case to com promise, and the prosecutor expressed his willingness to accept an apology. This the de fendants declined, and they were all committed for trial at next Circuit Court, Bail pjlawed. Mr. Davison for prosecutor j Mr. Da,vies for [ aeienuante, CRICKET.-A match will be played this after noon between an eleven of the Mount Gambier Club and an eleven of the employes engaged on the works at the Boman Catholic Church. The players selected to represent the Mount Gam bier Club are as followsW. Nicholls (capt.)» T. C. Ellis. M. J. Hayes, A. C. Wilson, W. Stick, V. J. Pavia, A. B. C. Dodge, A. G. Phillips, G. Alexander, J. Besley, and K. Mac kenzie. Wiokets are to be pitched AT 1.30 o'clock, and play will commence at 2 o'clock sharp. WE had brought to our office yesterday a fine perch which had been found by some boys float ing dead on the water of the Valley Lake. It is a well-grown fish, about 21bs. in weight, and measures about 15in. in length. The Lakes are now well stocked with fish. THE opening of the Millicent Institute will take place on Wednesday next-show day. Mrs. Glen will perform the ceremony at noon. A bazaar and sale of gifts is to be held in the Institute Hall during the same afternoon and evening. NABRACOOKTE. - The tender of Mr. A. Mansfield, for erecting a Chamber for the Narracoorte Council, has been accepted. The sost will be £670. ? MAIL ALTERATION.-The Adelaide mail coach ; YLLL in future leave Mount Gambier at 1 '15 a, rn. ' GBtead Q{ }'3Q, as sA PRESENT, ] EXPORT OF POTATOES.-The following table shows the quantity of potatoes sent from Mount Gambier by rail during each month from November, 1883, to October, 1884, in clusive, and the revenue received by the de partment from the traffic: Mon th. 1883\. Tons. cwt. qr. £ s. d. November .. 21 5 0 7 2 11 December .. 209 0 2 68 4 11 1884. January .. 1,077 10 1 350 7 7 February .. 1,210 11 1 404 0 6 March.. .. 1.430 14 2 467 18 3 April .. .. 1,732 5 2 567 0 9 May .. ..2,867 7 0 927 13 4 June .. .. 2,272 12 2 736 8 5 July .. .. 1,728 6 8 557 17 11 Aufrust .. 1,120 2 8 869 2 11 September .. 605 18 2 163 18 7 October ., 199 6 2 63 16 8 14,401 1 0 £4,683 7 7 THE Casterton News of yesterday reports "Two hundred sheep were brought up to Casterton by rail on Wednesday, consigned to Yallum Park, They comprise the valuable | furchases effected by Mr. J. Riddoch at Sir amuel Wilson's sale of stud Bheep a fortnight ago." MECHANICS' But,.-The Young Meohanics of Mount Gambier held a successful ball in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, between 80 and 40 couples being present. Dancing was commenced at 0 a.m., and was continued until 5 o'clock the following morning. Messrs. Marsh, Wagener, and Reineoke were the musi cians, and Mr. V. Stuckey catered for- the Bupper and refreshments in excellent Btyle. The ball was verj enjoyable. A NUMEROUS class in every community seek diversion in Reading, Writing, or Study ing during the long winter evenings, and the foundation to permanent disease is fre quently laid by a use of improper glasses. As a safeguard against ocular complications, select your spectacles at J. M. WENDT'S, where a vaBt sssortment of the newest Pausodonoptics, Adamantinis, and Brazil Pebbles have just been unpacked. 2147 