THE RECOLLECTIONS OF COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K. SPENDER, Author of "Her own Fault," "Parted Lives, "Godwyn's Ordeal," "Gabriella de Bourdaine," " Mr. Nobody,"&c.;, Ac. STRUCK DUMB. PART II (Concluded.) " It is like a cataleptic fit of the spirit, she will be better of it presently. Dont you think po, doctot?" asked one of those busybodies who ate always ready to chatter most when there is any disaster. I only shook my head. I had feared at first for her intellect, but when her mother arrived, when the sign flattered up from her heart. and the tears fell at last—scorching tune: and beavUyJike the lava from a hidden volcano —I nolonger had that fear. She need not talk yet—time enough byand-by," I said to {the agonized mother, not lining to hint at another secret terror." " Get her home and to bed as quickly as possible— away from all these curious eyes. Let her be ouiet to-night—what she needs is deep." And' so it was that Mrs. Millner took advantage of the offer Of a neighbour's carriage, jsnd I saw the ladies safely in it, remaining for some time afterwards with poor Marktiy's mourning relations, to help them with suggestions about the funeral and the necessary Inquest. The fenn.h&i; set when I rode again through thelsldmberouB woods, accompanied by the my professional hours so impulsively for advice. 1 After all, it had been my duty to attend to my patients, and who could foresee that Each an accident should have happened on this d^y of all Others? ~ As doon as we reaohed Halstead, I called again on theMilners and found the mother, as I had expected, in a state of panic. Her daughter's face had begun to be a terror to her, aftd tohe asked me why Joyce should motion with her hands instead of speaking? Was she trying in vain to recover mastery over her maddened brain. The poor woman - wrong tier hands. "Oh!" I said, as soothingly as possible, "the brain is all right." * "Then what islt—oh, what is it? We two have been so united, and I made sure when we were alonethat she would tell me everything—but she—she only looks at me, as if she had something terrible to tell me, and as if she covid not tell it." " She has nothing terrible to tell you; get that out of your mind.- There is no cause for the apprehension. It is simply a shock to the nerves. caused by that poor young fellow's death." " Bat, oh, Dr. Meredith, she used to be so strong. " And die will be strong stiiL That is my principal heme.. You have done your best to rear her healthily. •. Don't—don't trouble her —get her to sleep. - Don't you see that sleep, 'tired nature's Bweetrestorer' will do more for her than all the nostrums in the wor d.? Nevertheless. I wna somBwhat alarmed at the appealing look In the girl's stiff eyes—dry now, but sunken with weeping—the piteous look aaof some dumb animal appealing for assistance. I. think .it hurt me tnost that when, after all, J administered an opiate, she took my old rough hand and kissed it, and I knew better than any one else the meaning of the heartdrawn sighs, and the expression of the remorseful eyes, which seemed to tell me that nothing could mitigate her penitence. Indeed, reports were already flitting about the villa s that it was because she had aggravatea Markby that the poor fellow had Sestroyedinmseu. " Why were those three fttand standing together, aad why did she stare at the other man with that look, as if she bw a ghost?" people were beginning significantly to ask. . . • " Pooh,, pooh—the merest coincidence," I found -myself answering fiercely; "these coincidences are always happening, and mean 'nothing at all." Nevertheless, when I met Edwin Norman, I begged him to keep away from the Milners. " The less she. Sees any, one whose appearance is likely to rewillthat horrible shock to her nervous system, the better the chance will be for.fcer oure." I said, thinking little enough about him, though it -struck me that he looked awfully ill, a thing which was to be expected, and for which, somehow, I had no time to pit? him. The first thing in the morning I hurried to the Milners', and found that though the opiate 'had taken effect; and though the mother—who had never closed her eyes—had remained all night in one cramped position, with the head of the sleeping girl pillowed on her bosom, afraid to stir hand or foot lest she should wake her, yet Joyce was no better. Her eyes seemed as before to want to tell us something, and she motioned to hsr head as if a weight was on her heated brain. Tet the mind was all right, the intelligence unimpaired ; the speaking eyes told me enough to make me thankful for tnat. Thongh the case was sad enough—all the sadder because now when her physical strength had partially returned—Bhe seemed to be making terrible efforts to speak. Bnt the efforts were futile. She let fall her arms with an eloquent gesture ofdespair. Once again she fondled my band aa if with an attempt to convey an apology, and finally broke down her mother's self- rcStratnt by patting up her sorrowful face to'jbe:bissed > and twining her fingers in a helpless way in and out of her silky hair. I led the widow into an adjoining room ; £ saw that she had a dazed feeling of unreality; and that die was beginning to get vexed with ine for not explaining what had happened; - A Wba$. is it, 1 ' she exclaimed in despair, " You say that the mind is all right, ana yet she has not said one'word—not uttered one syllable since 1 took Tier home last night. If it were anybody else but Joy I should say it was obstinacy." "Oh, no, yon would not," I answered decidedly, and yet seeing how difficult it would be to. break to her the truth. "You will see she will do her best if you get a slate and try her with writing." "YoU mean that she cannot speak," cried the mother, looking almost wrathful, with sceptidal eyes. I saw she had a feeling as if the next moment I should burst into a laugh and tell her I was hoaxing her. " Indeed, that is what I mean. I should not make yon understand it any better if I were to nee a difficult medical word. The shock die has received has deprived her for the present of the power of speech, but the power may return to her, either soon in a natural way or at another shock as sudden. I would advise you to be calm and soothingdo not expect too much; much depends upon you." It was piteous to see the efforts which after this Mrs. Milner made at self control. But I bad had but little hope in the remedy I proposed. " The ' slate " was " brought, and aa Joyce ' attempted to write upon u] it. It was i in vain. She shook her head hopelesdy. She could form the letters, , but, , as I explained to her mother, she could not put them together. She had lost the power of spelling; she had forgotten words. It was as if a sponge had wiped them clean out of her memory, or as if she were seeking for them where they were banished in the outworks and corners of her braiil.' Her mother on the whole bore np splendidly, especially when she found that there were other women ready to make a nine days' wonder of her child s calamity. When the resfcridnt caused by the first shock of the calamity had passed, many of these women who had -been jealous of the poor girl's beauty were ready to make unpleasant inuendoes—it was especially when we men were not present that their tongues were unloosed. I am afraid I lost my own tepiper one day when Miss Delmott began to make remarks In my- presence, and to lament the. swift Nemesis which had overtaken " the poor misguided young creature." For the life of me I could not help answering sharply that it would be "no great loss to the world if more women were struck dumb." Edwin Norman had left the place as soon .as the inquest was over, at which the jury brought in the verdict of " accidental death, .and after the first excitement was over Joyce Milner. wen left comparatively alone to fight with ail ailment which was more terrible than many horrible forms of sickness. She was as clever at needlework as ever; she > could dance, she could play the piano. _ She -could take long walks without much fatigue, and seemed to find a diversion in the enjoyment of nature. But if we tried to talk with her she could only shake her head. At first I attempted to comfort her mother by reminding her that no very sharp agony or sense of loss could' pierce through the comparative stupor which seemed to shut her daughter off from communion with her iellow-creatures. To call to the beloved departed from whom there can be no answer, to weep for those you love and who can never come back to comfort you, to be acquainted with the' mystery Of sorrow and not to know the explanation of it—these were panes common to all human nature from which she seemed to be saved. A"maladie des nerfs," one of the more sentimental ladies -at Halstead who prided herself on_ knowing a little French called it, adding, with her head on one side, " it is Quite romantic.". To me it did not seem to bs romantic at all, as day after day and week after week all my resources failed me in trying to cope With the complaint. To think that one who still looked so beautiful, one who had begun to show such inimitable patience, should be, as it were, one amongst us and yet not of us, not able to utter any sound which we could understand, whilst others touched the keys of languages so carelessly, so flippantly, so unkindly at times —to me it was unendurable. "And there are Miss Delmott and all the other cackling hens from morning to night setting vibrations going which may not cease through endless waves of sound, and all about pettinesses and meannesses; and this poor child and her mother, who lore each other so faithfully, shut away from each other as if they were living in different planets," I thought desperately. I was determined more than ever to fight with such a state of things. I tried startling the girl's nerves, I tried medicines, changes of diet; I ransacked the medical reviews. Sea air had utterly failed, but I tried change of scene in London, in Yorkshire, in the Midland Counties, and then a remedy delayed to the last because Mrs. Milner shrank from it. She had preferred not to expose her daughter to the chances of foreign travel, dreading the observation to which she might be exposed in hotels in France or S Switzerland. But at last I succeeded in overruling her scruples. It was about a year afterwards, on a crowded steamer on the Lake of Geneva, that Joyce suddenly caught sight of a figure which had vanished out of ner life. Mrs. Milner, who had meant sternly to repress all feeling, could not understand the sudden change which was taking place in her daughter. She described to me afterwards how it was that a trembling shook her, and asortof suffocation seemed to oppress her as it_ she could not breathe. There was a scintillating light as of reviving memories in her expressive face, and then, as if with a wrench which nearly parted soul and body—she gave another cry like the one she had given when Markby, snot dead, had fallen at her feet. The Bteamboat, which had been making the tour of the lake, was just then stopping at a crowded landing lace. There was the usual excitement of S loking for luggage, paying the captain's fees, meeting withtriends, and sundry leavetakings, and the young English lady's attack of hysteria, supposed to be caused by the heat, did not attract more than passing attention. Some of the bystanders proposed carrying her into the cabin. Others offered their vinaigrettes or bottles of Eau de Cologne. Scarcely any one attached importance to the words—'which even in the joy of her child's returning speech—made Mrs. Milner's heart stand still. " There he is," cried Joyce, standing with parted lips and dilated eyes, " 1 can tell you at last—there he is. I was silent and could not help myself, but I must tell now. There was a struggle between them, and he fell uppermost. Paul was beneath, and they were struggling for the gun. He wrenched it out of Paul's hands ana shot him dead with it. Oh, it was cruel, cruel 1 He thought no one would know it, for he saw I could not tell." "Who—where — what are you talking about ?" cried the bewildered mother, thankful that most people were Otherwise employed, and that only a few could comprehend the English language well enough to attach much Bense to the words so wildly poured, out. Her principal idea was not to search for any one, but to try and screen her daughter from the ridicule and curiosity of " Who ?—whv Mr. Norman," answered the girl dropping her voi<.e, but still looking eagerly about her. In another moment Mrs. Milner feared to stand .face to face with the man whom her daughter was BO wildly accusing. But no one in the least corresponding to her recollections of Edwin Norman was to be seen. Had he disembarked when Joyce caught sight of him. or had he never been there at all? No one was ever able to enlighten her, and we afterwards thought it wiser to try to persuade Joyce that it was probably a mistake of identity—such mistakes being very common. , Whether it was so or not—a matter which I was never able to investigate—the sudden shock had done all we wanted—it had restored her power of speech with all her other faculties. Whether the memory of that portion of her life, which was connected with and succeeded tne death of her loverdid not always remain blurred, and whether the wild statement which Bhe made was or was not visionary and erroneous, I was never able to conclude. It is possible that the very intensity of thought -and feeling which she brought to bear on the subject defeated their own object. At any rate, when her health seemed to be fully established, we fonnd it best to discourage her from alluding to the matter. The statement which she had made could have no practical consequences, being the isolated statement of one person with nothing to support it. It had to be sufficient for as that after a time Joyce Milner was restored to us. 