The Advertiser SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1884. THERE is no truth which is more con-<*> stantly improved upon people than that there are two sides to every question. This fact is singularly well illustrated by correspondence in the columns of a news paper. A writer argues from his own point of Tiew and frequently ignores any other. Each side is convinced of the cor rectneuof its own statement of the case* and of its deductions therefrom, and as a rule any man would be sorely exercised who had to decide which was wholly right or which wholly wrong. A cartons instance of this has reoently teen given la the correspondence that has appeared in this journal on the subject of the msdiod treatment of lodge patients. The statements, inferences, and opinions are meat conflicting, and the teal bearing of the question can only be got at by clearly recognising that there is both right and wrong in what has been written on both sides. Without arriving at any formal decision upon the matters in dispute—a thing that only those immediately in terested can do—it may not ba amiss to suggest one or two con siderations which most have weight in any attempt to judge the case fairly and oorrectly. In the fiast place, then, it may be certainly granted that those persona altogether overstep the bounds of reason who-wouM picture lodge doctors in the bvlk, or even in any number, as men who plaos their lodge patients on a diff* tent and inferior footing both as to atten dance, treatinunl, and medicine, as com pared with other patients. There is no manner of doubt that the large majority of those who take upon themselves the duties eonneeted with medical attendance on- members of lodges carry out those duties oosnmsntiousb/, aeoording to con tact, and to tin bast of their ability. Hatuia?y lodge members have no right to expect, though they not infrequently get, the same amount of attendance that is given to patisnts who pay for ovary single visit Anyench thing is not contemplated bribe agreement entered into, which nataa&yand; properly fixes certain terms on both aides. If those terms are con scientiously carried out there can be no legitimate cause for complaint. Of course it may be that here and there the terms are not adhered to. The attendance given is too little, or cases are neglected, or inferior drugs are supplied. But there can be no d nbt that each cases are the exception, and in such cases the lodge members clearly have the remedy in their own hands. As against these exceptions may be act the eases in which lodge patients are attended and physicked with even more assiduity than is shown in private practice, from ? sense of honor or from a feeling not uncommon among medical men that where every visit is paid for the number should be reduced to the minimum consistent with safety. It is stated that cases can be vouched for in which lodge patients have been treated for weeks with the most costly remedial. _On the other hand, when "A Medical Man" and an "Ex-Lodge Surgeon" assert that doctors habitually receive in. gratitude and impertinence from members of lodges, and that these latter are a bug bear through their exactions, they ob viously put the case too strongly. If this were universally or even commonly the fact itiaabsurd to suppose that any medical man of average ability or standing would for a day retain the position of lodge doctor. The members of the profession are not as a rule reduced to such straits for a living as to be compelled to put up with treatment of auch a nature. Fo doubt in this direction also there are cases iv which people do make themselves a nuisance to the doctor ; but if the behaviour becomes other than exceptional the remedy is in the doctor'a own hands. Certainly ordi nary experience of men and women in their relations to their medical advisees by no means conduces to the belief that any but a very small minority ahow want of respect or good feeling towards them. It may of coarse be, and probably is the case with lodge patients as well as others, that they at times fancy they or their children are ill when there is little or nothing the matter with them, and no doubt it is vexatious for a man to be called out perhaps to a distance. It may be in bad weather, only to find that he might as well have stayed at home, and especially without even the satisfaction of an extra fee. But no sensible man would make that a ground for dislike or abuee of lodge patients as a whole. There is, however, this much ground for the statement that medical men dislike lodge practice, that it is as a rule the younger members of the profes sion, or those who desire to extend their practice, who are lodge doctors. In say ing this we do not wish to be misunder stood. There are, of course, some cases in which this rale docs not hold good. Cer tain lodges are, no doubt, more particular than others as to the men they select, and are more liberal in their arrangements, but a careful examination of the list of lodge doctors would bear out what has been said. No one would deny that a good private practice pays better than lodges. When, therefore, a roan has had time and opportunity to work himself into agpod practice it is not to be wondered at if be relinquishes bis lodge work. But it does not therefore follow that tie should despise the stepping-stones which have helped him on. Another point wbiob. moat be noted ia that all lodges ate by no meani equally latiitaetoiy to deal with. It is well enough to hare 20a. per single member, Lot some lodges did, even if they do not now, pay as little as Ida. per mem ber. Again, family lodges naturally gire far more trouble than others, and ss. ap pears on the face of it a very inadequate difference between the sum paid for single members and that for whole families. But after all these are questions which affect no one except the parties to the contract, and they alone are competent to decide on the proper rates, although it ia of course obvious that the higher pay will secure the better man. As to the question of dispensing, with which the ditcoaaion really originated, it is said that tbe doctors would be heartily glad to be rid of it. aa it adds much to their work and very little if at aU to their profit It may, however, on the other hand be gravely doubted whether such an arrangement would not entail considerably increased expense upon the aodetiee. They would not find chenusta willing any more than doctors to forego all profit, and the pro bability is that taken separately atten dance and medicine would cost consider' ably more than the two as at present arranged. That the arrangement would be more satisfactory to both parties is highly probable, and of its possi bility no one else can judge One practical difficulty, however, presents itself. If special lodge dispensaries be established, how can they be so placed that all can get at thera easily ? This difficulty would be conaraeuble even in Adelaide; it would be greater still in the country. Of course the diapensing could be given to chemists in different parts, but then how about expense ? In conclusion, it may be remarked that whatever arrange ment is finally come to it ia most undesir able, and entirely unnecessary, to arouse or create any feeling of ill-will between the societies and the medical profession. Bear and forbear ia an admirable motto in every relation of life, and is by no means out of place in the present discus sion. Vi hatever is done in the matter should be done without recrimination, and in a temper befitting those who desire to do only what ia best. The Burford factory nuisance case is doubtless a great source of enjoyment and profit to members of the legal profession, but it is wearisome and harassing to the defendants and to persons unfortunate enough to reside in the neighborhood of the offensive establishment. 'The case baa been twice tried in the Supreme Court. On the first occasion it occupied four days, and the trial just come to an abortive conclusion, the jury having disagreed, has occupied five days. The issue was originally simple enough. The Messrs. Burford make eoap and candles, and the neighbors aay the process of manufacture causes a disgusting stench which annoys them, and at tunes makes life almost unendurable. It is stated on oath that the pungent and nanseous odors cause die eyes to smart, destroy or seriously in hot weather, when it is necessary to ordinary comfort to have as much fresh air aa possible, compel householders to close all tbeir doors and windows. On the other aide are witnesses who have lived in the factory for years, and awear that there is no unpleasant amell there at all. Such evidence, as the teamed judge observed, should be received with gnat caution—ln fact, it ahould be rejected altogether. Those who tendered it may be assumed not to have perjured them selves, but thurawisecf amdlis deadened or perverted. The question is, however, not whether the ameU is unpleasant on the premises, but whether it gives offence outside to passers by or residents in the vicinity. And as it has been frequently pointed out that to constitute an indictable nuisance it is not necessary tint the stink ahould be unhealthy—it is sufficient if to those who are subjected to it their enjoyment of life is thereby diminished. But the Burford ease was complicated by a special question arising out of the deep drainage system. Most of Mr. Bundey's observations on this head were irrelevant, but it was essential for the jury to decide whether tiie stench came from the drains or from the factory. The Government had re quired the Messrs. Burford to connect their premises with the drains, and thereby were bound to carry the factory aewage away aa much as any other sewage. Last session an Act was passed giving power to the Government to forbid, at their discretion, injurious matter from being turned into the drains; but the refuse from the Burfords' factory waa discharged into the sewers before this Act was passed, and no prohibition had been served upon them up to the time of the trial. Clearly then the Government were responsible for all stench from the sewers, and the jury bad to decide whether any atench from the factory annoyed the neighbor*. The twelve honest men and true dis agreed, and there must be more litiga tion unless the Government and the defendants come to some ar rangements by which?the plague may be stayed Many people sympathise with the Messrs. Burford as good citizens, who in conducting a useful industry have been wciried and put to great expense ; but it is a mistake to talk about these actions against them as persecuti ?n. It is the neighbors who are persecuted, and it has jet to be decided whether all that can be done in the factory to prevent a nuisance has been dose, or whether auch an estab lishment abould exist in a thickly-popu lated part of a metropolitan city. Perhaps about the most wearisome por tion of the duties of a Minister of the down is the reception of deputations. Now and then they exercise a graat influence upon the policy of the Govern ment with regard to questions involving principles of importance, and still oftener in matters of detail and expenditure; bnt more frequently these interviews result in nothing. The Minister, if he does not plainly though courteously say it is utterly impossible to comply with the requests made to him, gives the assurance that they shall have his most careful consideration, the real mean ing of which in the great majority of cases is that nothing will be done in the matter. In Victoria Crown Ministers have attunes, in order to check to some extent the nuisance, made rules, such as appointing particular days for the reception of deputa tions, and exercising a discretion whether they shall be received at all, but whether thete wise regulations have been perse vered in we are unable to say. Certainly some limit must be placed upon the prac tice or the rtal business of the members of the Cabinet will be seriously interfered with. No one will contend for a moment that deputations should be abolished; they often effect much good, but Ministers wfll be obliged sooner or later to exercise more firmness than they do at present in declining to receive deputations respecting matters of comparatively trivial importance, or on which no fresh light can possibly be thrown. The deputations asking for Government expenditure are most numerous, and occupy a vast amount of Ministerial time. This week furnishes several specimens. Some representative teaidents of tha township of Dublin asked the Mfai|?faw of Education fur a telegraph-office at Dublin, and were informed that the cost of the building would be £800, the operator'e salary £80, the meaeenger's pay and con tingent expensn £40, and the rerenue ftom tbiaexpenditure would be £25 a year. Mr. Smith spoke of the number of un profitable telegraph stations in the colony, one yielding in receipts only £9 a, year, and advised the Doblinites to have a telephone to MaHaia^ twelve miles off, aa sufficient for their requirements. Another deputation waited on the Com missioner of Crown Lands to Mk the Government to sink a well 100 feet deep for the benefit of the farmers about Franklin Harbor. This is a remarkable illustration of the extent to which the colonists have been trained to depend upon the State for everything, instead of trusting to individual enterprise or local administration. There have been various other deputations during the week asking for Government expenditure to meet local requirements. Some of these made out a good case, aad especially may we refer with unqualified approval to the request of the Municipal Association that a Bill may be introduced into Parliament authorising the Govern ment to lend, at a slight advance upon the interest paid on our State loans, money to suburban and country cor porations and district councils for the construction of public worka. Mr. Bray's statement to the president, vice president, and honorary aecretary of the Municipal Association who saw him upon this subject on Friday, that auch a Bill ia in preparation will give general satisfaction. This is a most desirable measure; as at present, though Ade laide can negotiate loans on fair terms, less known corporations can only borrow on exorbitant terms or not at aIL With district councils the ease would be still worse, as the distinctive title of these bodies would be unfamiliar to t*e British capitalist It is clearly simpler and better that the Government ehould lend the money than that it should guarantee the loans; but of course discre tion will be exercised as to whether pro posed undertakings an auch aa should be carried out with borrowed money, and there must be power given to the State to enforce payment of interest. Ihere are many works, especially in connection with water conservation and supply, that districts and corporations can hardly attempt without assistance in this shape. Of course extravagance and reckless borrowing must be guarded against, but probably the local tax gatherer will act m a check upon auch a tendency. The principle of the Hill ia in force in Victoria, and it has long been the practice, in the old country for the State to lend money to local bodies The new* that Mr. Henry Fletcher is j about to construct a luge graving dock at Pott Adelaide will surprise neatly every one connected with dipping matters both here and in the other colonies. Though such a dock has been suggested at in tervals during the last few yean it was always with the idea of the Uovenunent constructing it, for the reason that it was supposed to be required more as a prepa ration for prospective emergencies than for immediate and continual use. No profits being anticipated for many yean to come it was not thought likely that private individuals would have anything to do with the undertaking. True, there was s> feeble attempt made two or three yean ago by apecnlaton to get together a syndicate with the ultimate object of floating a graving dock company, but their efforts were frustrated at the outset by difficulties as to securities and bona fides, and even had these been forth coming it is not likely that the company would have gone further than the pros* pectns. The latest movement fox a> public dock was made by the Marine Board only ? fey weeks ago. That body has been agitating for a slip in connection with the Government dockyard for aome time, but when it was last referred to the question of ? graving dock was raised by a warden who perhaps remembered various queries respecting it pot to aome of the candidates at the recent election. The Marine Aosxd appeared to tuink that tlie construction of a dock was advisable, and at any rate they decided to ask the Government whether they intended to execute such a work, because if so a slip would be unnecessary. To this no reply has yet been received, but certainly now that private enterprise is to build a dock, the Uovenunent will not require another, nor indeed will there be any necessity for a public slip. Hitherto whenever a graving dock has been mooted, it has always been spoken of in connection with ocean steamers, the chief reason put forward for it by its advocates being that the colony should have the wherewithal to accommo date and repair these Teasels in case of accident. This was really the only good argument that could be used for a Govern ment dock, as the Dunnikier slip has been equal to all that has been re quired of it so far. But of late yean Mr. Fletcher has found the ship ping trade here increasing so rapidly that the good old slip has come to be hard pressed, and it has finally become neces sary to provide further accommodation. The method of doing this chosen by Mr. Fletcher will commend itself to everyone as a display of pluck and enterprise rarely equalled by a single man. As, when he erected the JLhronikier slip, he surpassed everything of its kind in the colonies, so he is now about to construct a graving dock, considerably larger than- any other in Australia. Hav ing a length of 600 feet, it will be 150 feet longer than the Melbourne Govern ment dock (which is, however, to be lengthened), and over 200 feet longer than the Sydney graving dock. It will bo capable of taking any ship afloat with ease, and, no doubt, will have attending it aU the modern appliances which are attached to the great Jfnglish docks. The vety fact that Mr. Fletcher has projected the scheme is regarded as a guarantee that it will be carried out in the most efficient manner possible. It is satis factory to be able to state that the work is to be commenced almost immediately, and as it will necessitate the expenditure of many thousands of pounds in labor alone, some portion of the present distress among the working classes will be relieved thereby. ? Sto-dey to the aaalvanaty aC flu birthday of HtrMojaft* the Queen, bat will not to obaemd, oooordinf to the tanenl carton, m ? paUio holiday. Her Majeaty twin* ?x \--ptaued O* dawn that the celebration ahoaid bcpotfponoiroroMaK?th. The Goran* ?Mat km aiaiiitliaflj dMicUd ttaft tt? l^m^j afcaU fct %*jt sip im M' jM*a*iy 1 J??w?ft. Th* bid ?f tIM aw of tto Qoan v. Butted h, Sees was condudad at the Gri?inalSttttavat OiSoinm Court on ftiday. De. AaU? ?m the lut vitoeH called for fte dctaie*, aad U§ ?iideaM want toatowtkafettaravM?O airil ?z?ept?a*t wttntaideaerawdM?"tn4a ?n?U" aridaf froattbelaotoQUade. On tha conrinrion of Me. Baadat^ addna for the dafanoa, aad the A?on?af-G?Bfr?l'? reply on betaU of the Grown, B3e Benor Mr. Jostiee Beaeaaft an?awd np the ewe to tte jury, in the oonneoC fell addrea Hii Honor nwpiolnoil ttttotly of tha way la which the learned conned for the defence had eoniaoted theu rTtMilMt**- ottte ?Hneawa J which ho paid hadpotbiaitoa tat of uaatuiaiif toouble, aad amah lenctaaned tto pronaaiil?ti, Ho aho characHtaiid thi erldaaea ot aoaw oC tha wltncMM inthevaey atroaaeattereHof?an. ! o>?MtiO?. Witofirttoooeottheat.Gatte. ?isijKj who wa?t?oafan?a?MT oa^ioy, and who aadaaid haaaftMed?oa?MOaboattiheCeetocy, BkHonoraailttotlfUhadbaanaanttarof fact and aotal Ofadaaaawaioh the witaaaa had gfaaa aHaener. he weald ha?e nnmialMail hia> on a bench warraat lor perjury. Tha whole wdthtoCthalaarooliud|B'?nwiew ?C ?bahmv2tta?awaawdlaaol ?Ye c^daaoe vMatawsaJyotaiHkthaoefendamta. bat tho joi j aiur reUrlag for two hooca* deUbamttaa retort** into court and dadared that?hey wen unable ts agree. Tktj wan thendii charged. The Australian tm of cricketers ??? wwd their fourth mat* In England on Thursday, when they art On Marylobono club en tlie around at Bards. SkigiHlMt internet wm taken in the game by asraral thoueand spectators, and the weather wm fine and entirely favorable to cricket The boas team m captained by W.O. Grate, and comprised raoh wsU-kaom players v A. G. Steel, O.T.Btudd,J.O. O'Brien, aad I. D. Walker. Taefcosstttaai want In first, and {deje* capital erioket, the bowling oCtSe vfaiteta, daeptte numerous changes, being completely i-tntiJ. A. O. Steal pal to getter 13* rane baton ha wm dlapoted cf and W. O. Gnea made 101. J. O. O'Briam contributed 72totbeeoore. Waentlme w*e called nine wicket* had fallen for 465 runs, the net-out man being W. Bunee and W. Bhenrin, whohad aoorad 95. and 5 raoa re spectively. Play wm raved on Friday, when the Marlebooe Clab wen aU pat oat ?or 481 now by aridday. A dajnlalluii ??aialstlugof Mr. W. Bjaday (Mayor of Adelaide), Mr. T. King, up. (Mayor of Glencif), and Mr. T. Woraaop, npnaraHog the KHmMpal Association, waited upon the TriS?irar(Hon. J. O.B?j) on Friday naming, to aah that the Govern. BMiikwoaldahorUyintrodneatt?toParUaaMnt a?m providing Oat atoney might be ad vanced by toe Government to aabarban and country eorporatk?a for the parpoaw of puhtte workaat ? slight inoreaee upon the interest paid by them. The Treatarer la. formed the deputation that aoeh a awasam wm now in the hande af thefaruameatery drsngiitimaii, and wonld be iatroduoad iate garnamatit a* an early data. Owing to the mibrorable weather the In. dnstrial FTHihfttonwM not wall petrenlmd on Friday. Tl>e jadgliig of exhibits wm cam plated on thatday, and the exhibition any now be unnaiflaiail twjlala. oraijthlngin connection wlttttworkmgamoottly. It fa to be hoped that largo aHmiiiaiinaa ?HU aeon *ewatd the effort* af the OhHiber af Mann. faetans in getting op an exposition of Bonth Anatnlmn indoatrka and ataaufeotarea, wUeh throughout is of a really creditable uhanutu, bothto thii|aoa?otaMof thanodw taking and to the exhibitor*. The aolkitan in tows hare agrood t? oliaerve Monday next, theSScminat.Mahali. day. The Bight Bar. Bithop Reynold! wm ? panenger by the ataaawr Adelaide, which arrived front Melbourne on Friday aaondag. A telegraabM beanreeelMdby the Marino Board from Port Victoria, etetmr. tost the Maldon IVswm picked n# a boal? Jbottoai ap warda, abjht adha off she mUaaga jetty. A wtH4ttended milling af A Brttary Cvbloe Clnbwai held at the Military Oflab on Friday arantng, Bereral attanttan were aacgeatcdinywralea of the olab,eabjeetto theeoonundant'eapprona, Avoteof shanln wm acoorded to f aentenanVOolonal Matte w for hie preaeotation of aaugnifieent onpto be ooapatad for at next pnaa-firlng; aleo to Sergeant C. White (A.8.A.) for bla pneent of a gold albert chain. A banquet to otkhtate she opening of the saw bonding of the HaHonal Mntnal Ufa AaM)dattonotAin?ralach\aitnateiaYietarla< ex|iiaia wen\ wm held as the preeneaia? Friday evening. Than wm ? large a** tendance, and she local nhitrman of dlraetora (Hon. J. Pair) preaWad. Aanmberoftoaeta given by she Hob. W. H. Boaday, Q.OL, and ?eeponded to by the Has. S.XMgton.of Ye?torJa. Paring the aianliigaamalaonga ?tie ounUlhnted by mambaraef sheoeeMm?y. ne city ooroner made envdrina?lUAnj ?mmaw?wiwlaaV w&tt; gamMawmi *Wm* amfip IVBBWmmwal ArnHPSSUmI^ W wamw ?mVja|B??m ajp?j ewamTa wwam?awlw> StaaamfaV?wle) Of OOCMVOOdp mpMOl?f ttw) rnddon death of He little bey aVnow* aged 8 jam. Ha fomid tart ???!? fcai bean in thehonae for a few wean, and that the children were apparently progreeelftg wader the BMthartem^wman the iliDiaiia get into the cold air anknown to Ita awther, whleh death. Anlaqoeetwainotthoaghtn ry. Another fire broke ont about 1 thie aura, ing at Taffktook BnlHlnge. Bundle etioat. totheeaatoftaeatteotthe flre which ooomrad to ttb looalUy on with the head atatka reel and Ho, 1 teal wan 9>eeentt and the flamaa wen eean exttngofehed. Ike an originated at the bottom of ? alalraaii, aad wm ovidanthj designedly earned, ac a heap of old raga and other awteriab wan foond under the rtaueaw. whleh wm banad down. The damage done waeoomparatiraly tligH bnt t bad the icafa oat baa?pnaiatb/ on the apot a aorlooa oonflagiatlO? aught haveieralted. AmeettagoTthaMuiiWi^Ajaonattoaof ScathAnataaUawM held at the Town Bell en Friday afternoon, whan then wm a large and nprnantaUn attandanea. Mr. W. Banday (Major of Adelaide) praadiw. Adraft?Ul^haringforitaebjeottheampevar. lag of e?raMtkaa to anal gaswariu, wm cenridcred, and with a few ameadmanta adopted. The mllag of the Mayor of the B*anpnon at a neent ateat* log of hia ooanen that tt wm competent for that body to consider the question of the Sunday loading and onload lDgofstcaawn,aiawiichthaniteaaMnw?ra OBtdda the boundary of theoorporattoo, w?? upheld. Ac the eanrtance called aoroVdoabaialajrad co prominent a part to she Borford oase, it may te weU to explain for the benefit of she uninitiated what it natty is. It is a liapid ootelem liquid obtained iathadutflUtioaoC oflsorfata. Its vapors are intolerablypaa gent and suffocating, and a vary minute quantity will attack she eyes and respiratory organs moat violently. T*e uupleaiauc pungent well of a blown oatoandlo when the wiokbleftinaaUtaofignitionUdiietoatraoa of this substance. Its apaeifie gravity is Ues than water. According to oneauthority it will boil at 55 degrees Fahrenheit, that is, at coo? cidenblv below the normal nean temperature of the air in Adelaide. Aoeording to another authority it boils at 125 dognes. It is very evanescuit. Even to sealed vaaeela it caaoos be long present, benorniog converted cither ibto a white, floooukat, inodons powder, called diracryle, whleh is Insoluble in water, or into a resinous substance called resin of diracryle, which though insoluble in water iaaoluble in alkalies, aloobol, or other. The ordinary meeting of The Grange Allot, merit Company (limited) wm held at Mr* Idpaetfa office, 14, Begbter Chamberi, on Friday, May 23. There was a moderate at tendanoaof sharehelden; Mr. J. T. MeLeia (chairman of the directors) presided. From the directors' report it appeared that the company bad erected fourvfllM upon their property at the Grange, at a total cost of £1,643 10a,, being £36 10s, leas than she amount -vt^**"* by the abaraholders at the bmt general meeting, The company had arranged a loan for bonding pnrpaweat 7 per cent. She Government had intimated their intention of tending a school atshearaagr, and to all probability wimM purchase the site from the company. The directors had not felt inclined to aaerifioa the property, be. lieving thactbe aHotmentaworebougatwait and would reattae awn than wm paid for them, and that with the approaching summer season the houses erected would be a fair aoureaot income, m The Grange ia a favorite seaside resort. Our Queenscliffe (Kangaroo Island) corres- pondent writes;-'During the height of the gale from the southward which prevailed on Wednesday the cutter Treasure Trove, lying at Queeaasliffe, dragged her anchors and drove upon the rocks. The steamer Dolphin, which was at hand, immediately gave her a tow line, and after the lapse of a short time she came off, but began to fill directly the steamer made an attempt to tow her to the westward upon the mud flats. Mr.Henderson, the chief mate of the Dolphin, and part of her crew went on board the cutter to try and keep her afloat. The steamer Dolphin at this time had kept rather clear in shore and got around herself, with the cutter in tow. The men at once let go the tow line on board the cutter and set the jib to try and run her on shore, but the water was gaining upon them fast, and without any notice she foundered, leaving Mr. Hen derson and six other men in the water. They were rescued by a boat, having sustained no hurt beyond a severe ducking, but it might have proved a serious catastrophe, as there was a high sea running at the time and it was blowing a hard gale. The cutter sank in deep water, and the mast jut shows above the sur face. She lies with a strong list to starboard. The Dolphin remained fast about two hours and a half, but was then got off. The Treasure Trove is the property of the South Australian Fishing Company. The following is extrated from the general orders issued at the staff Office on Friday, May 23; Captain for the ensuing week, Cap- tain A. Martin; subaltern, Lieutenant Legoe. On June 7 there will be a brigade drill for infantry, including Reserve, BBit tety and cavalry marching order. June 14, bst talion drill; aad Juno 21, artillery brlgtie cftmpstitko. There will be no psrede for in ftntry or cavalry. Tha competition tor the Government grant wffl taka plasa on Hay 26. Tha raiilssmrtai ? Aalkninhniliij waalai year by D Oompaay, will also be oaaipated for on that day. * A aad B batteries may eater for the latter oompe itlon. Lanoe corporal Skskeehaft it promoted to corporal, aad Priwato Banger to lance-corporal In I Company. The ooaimandant will examine any ofieen who wUh to qualify in army si*- Boning between 12 o'clock and 1 o'clock at tha Btmf OSes on any day except Setardar. Ottoman reminded that in action boglectU* are subject toseverel objections Ifcveryeo* pany mnant mA'm in the fighting lias sends kit orden by bugle, gnat cwfosion amongat the adjacent compeniee araat result, and the call* way often be heard and understood by she enemy. In extended ordersignelsfor the the following should invariably be mod whan the yoke cannot be heard :-Advanse-Wave the hand ar award fcrwatd; retire—wave the ?and back, and torn about as i( to retire; bait-lower the band or a word vertically from bead to waist; reinforce hold or wave head* 4tam above the bead; hdf right or half left -bandarawardbaU out botixontaUy in the rrqnlrtd dbocUon. The whfs-le eannd ahoold be used by the captain to draw the at tention of the acettan oommanden and men previooato giving them an order by eignai. It mutt not be forgotten that the "alert" Implies unexpected danger, and when it aoonda man, It in movement, will at once bait, but if trlog will not ovate unless ordered. A farewell thanksgiving meeting in connec tion witt Mb, Woad'e mission wae held at the Town Ball on Inlay evening. The atten dance waa email, and very little Interest appeared to be taken In the proceedings. After an opening hymn and prayer Mr. Wood tend the 78th Psalm. A ooUeetion was then made. Tha testimonies followed, but after the first few had been borne, a young man, who waa asehnl?g to conduct the misting. stated that the eoUeetion only amounted to ? sum which was B2 la* than tha bin of the hall, and aatho mission had been ooadoeted at n lorn to Mia. Morgan for some time past, be weald stand at the door to reeeivo any tmlasi ooaMbatioMthaaodkawfaltdfapossd man who stated that ha had isTsnd host asthma daring the previous three yean, bat Mr. Wood laid hU hands upon Urn, and had cured Idm instantly. Thb yemog man's case was recently made the subject of an enquiry I* on* of tk* city 100-goof the LG. Fonetan It apptan that be was IniHatwd as a member of the loeie about 18 months ago on the anrgeeaas usrtstuals of sound health and Us awn statement Oat be waa entirely free from dmtaw, In the law of mob testimony as tads as tohis health it is bard to believe that bo bad been eared of asthma by Me Wood after suffering from It for three years. Xa> cW m??A aVaV^A ?__^^i mM n m Ml WBfnmmg Mr llfM —^^^—^ (_ —f. „ c?aMeasm vawaaa* mmmmt*B s\sV ? safe VM lYWmal WmV9 Bm?slW vSM 'Ws?aatamaf ftfl?ml snamsal BaVsrfWal a^atWvtstlllm????iw VbMbbb le was ayeaUng. A lady on the platform sftatadthatftlr. Wood had laid kb bands on fee* and cared bar of a tamer In tha fan. Taotaavsrhadnot Jmipnawd, but aae arid it bad deenaacd in stee vary noaaldmahtr, and was raaidb dlsappaaring. This l?dy emaJjgj tthft ssmUaM swtttfeMMam% smkOfltk tmaVM WMIcI ? ego. bat as farae ?ooM ba judged there wai was no ffladniilliiii In tha aUeof the tamer, which usltaeted at tha bottom of bar right jaw. Ma?tcfthetsstsmoniatewenareoott men by ? maniM who have tosttfied before, A bow arrival from Victoria made a long and rambling statement, in taooouns of which he aaldbebadknownMr. WoodmViotorlasomo auatha?tmmMaly.andatthrttlawMs.Woftd bad not ammmaid any power to heal. In the midst of his story the speaker was inter, raptrd by one of the sauienos, who retuasted Mr. Woodtoketp faith with the publio by delivering the address be was announced to give en "The Ixrt^ Coming." Cries of ?4lt down" and booting and yelling followed, bat the Vietarian gentleman rsfnssd to sit down OBtil be found that Us hearers could make a greater arise than ho could, ami then ha sub. aided into a?anee. Mr, Wood next rose, and said as it was nearly 10 oUoak be would have to crave the Induigeaeeof his aadkooe, as he thought it was too late to nnmmmm speak ing. Be closed bis mbmon in Bouth Aus. ttaliatbnt evening, bat he ooold not do so without tha?king the nammaus ladles and gatlea^ who had assisted but la hi. good work. Bebad heawd the aoals and bodies of a,CCOs mm doriagMs stay in Bonth Aus tralia. He had met with opposition from quertenwhenbehad least'expected It, bat altbosgh tha penons who bad opposed aim b%dnotyot npanted they would so when ttey were osst into the bottoariem pit fcost which thenvnwbo cso??sng. Taottetwai coming when the Holy Ghost would be with. o^to from tho world, aad tha?hiirgpoasnti would have to moat aa angry God, who would awatdthemtbesr jaat annsmmmn. Me. A. O. ChambenemamMaosdtoim^alomxlatter which he bad raoanOy pnTilmhad, bat in she midst of k Mbj Wood aad am ajsase^e-oamn kft the nsaWarm, tad she ?iiHag abruptly SeVaVUBcHBOo dVO g^eTomvaW BoVosp IPmnW SvMMp OmBB altboufth Mr. Wood announced that be would lay bands on any one who wished to be healed no one appeared to be in a harry to STst! thrmssiTse nf the nffir end the smllisnie onickiy diipimiL The MiiwowMa nnMui of she wotlheT militated against a large attendance at the CMarlnfr Circus and Menagerie on IMday evening. Those present, however, ware not scant fethefe applause of the various feats of horsemanship, jafgUng. and arrohaHc suosu tridties, and to several amtanoaiatfheeiU of the aodssnoetho pmfiamma had to npsat their exhibitions of skffl. Then waa another laowdod house at th? Tfaeatn Bojal on Friday BJfht, when the dicsscirc?* and stells were nUed to overfiow Ing, and the plant was thoroughly enjoyed by all who won pneast, she applause and laughter being load and frequent. Tonngfat Skcridanv famous comedy "The School Cor Bcandal? wffl he piissntfd with thefoUowing powerful am*: —Sir Peter Tesxle, Mr. Bnten; By Oliver Surface, Mr. West: Sir Beaiamte Backbite, Mr. Brodle; Joseph Surface, Mr.l*wreme; Caarles Surface, Mr, Belten; Oanless, Mr. Ungham j Boviey. Mr. Pattseson; CMbteee and Moms, Mr. Kteghorne; Snake, Mr. Jenton; TrU. Mlm Oarria Stewart; Bsrna^Mr.WabamnMn. Oai?iour,blrs,OhtppssHlaU;l*dyai?esrwS Hn. Walter Bfll; Maria, ls£ Koranee OoweD; I*dyTeaaWe maid, Mlm Goddard: and Lady Toads, Him Da Grey. Www? xhe?sv. WkA?Mwa. whejhas bam far a tote cmf> anWfmaa Vfl laVgeatSwa^ Asfclsnlelal aWSt WMka enawel ~*^*"~?^ m^B??maM?mm* aVmt mmflm w^m t^Pam M^a^gow amw L.m?^^^^?[~ a?aVaw VBHemMB vVnt jWJaw?p^|gga> WaWwjj?nvsl Bay* mnIaBBBa^gBB^mBmBWmBBBa^BSBnB^mB^B va^m^naamm. KwJmsnwsfc, mHmWsmmbii alt of she avmrnwaV SaamwL A 4JbbbbbW aal' obbbbbbVsbbbbbbW ami laVawa> masaw _ 3^^*k J& ?a^sFsaTal vjaW ??*'*nwmwmwa?a'*K SP^sS?slfwaV 