MELBOURNE NEWS. kuoji our own correspondent. Friday evening. Tho doaths within three weeks of each other of such prominent politicians as tho Honourable J. G. Francis and Sir Charles Sladcn, toach us vory forcibly how "tlio old order changoth, giving placo to now. " Tho Govcrninont liavo receivod a telegram from tlio Agont- Goneral, stating that tho Im perial Govern mont will not sanction annexation in tho Western Pacific unless tho colonies fede rate, and pass resolutions accordingly. Tiio Im perial Government will then introduce an En abling Act in the present session of Parliament ; and, upon tho colonies giving a guarantee of LIO.OOO to cover oxpenses, a High Commissioner will be appointed in tho interim to .act with on- lnrged powers. Tlio Minister of Lands will visit Lako Condali next Thursday, and it is oxpected will bo re- received there by Messrs Bromol, Shiels, Thorn- Icy, and probably Mr Wrixon, M.'sP. The ob ject of tho trip, in which Mr Skene, the Sur veyor-General, will participate, is to ascertain the practicability and cost of cutting through the natural bank which exists thore in order that cne swamps at. uoncian may do arameu wicn uie lake which has sixtcon feet below it. If this', is done it is believed the swamp land will be, valu able for farming purposes. Amongst the bills for tho next sossion will be one dealing with the Conservation of Forests to tako the placo of the oxisting enactment which has nevor been brought properly into operation. Mr Service, who introduces it, will visit tho Bullarook Forest next Wednesday in order to post himself thoroughly in tho best way of deal ing with the conflicting interests which arise in connection witli forest questions. Tho selectors continue to pay up, and there is now but L4000 due by them less than it was estimated they Bhould pay. The pastoral tenants liavo contributed some L8.800 in excess of the estimato, but as their routs mainly fall due in January this is not surprising, and there will be little revenue from this source for some months to como. Tho total revenue from all sources! estimated to be receivod for this month was L703,000 and of this L431,080 lios actually come in. The intercolonial steamer Konoowarra and the ship Sir Jamsctjee which met with acci dents elf the coast yesterday morning, arrived Sflffilv tn-rlnv TTin TCrmnnwnrrn loff. Kirrlnmr mv the 19th inst., and all went well until half-past four yesterday morning, when she struck Cliffy Island. In consequence of a denso fog which was prevailing, the steamer was going dead slow, and, thereforo, was easily backed off the ob struction. Soundings were taken, and it was; found that the vessel was making water. Pumps were rigged, and these had to bo kept going until the vessol was moored alongside tho wharf. The exact extent of tho damage received will not be known until she is docked, which will be' dono to-morrow. There was twelve feet in hor forohold and two feet aft. Fortunately for those on board, the steamer was going very slowly when she struck, otherwiso thoro is but little doubt tho consequences would have been very serious. As it was the shock was so slight that the passengers hardly felt it. Tho other vessel, t-lio Sir Jamsctjee Family, bolonging to this; port, also had a narrow escape. She had made a rather long passage from Fredrickstadt, and had got under Cape Otway when sho struck the .outer reef. The vessel grated three times but; floated over the obstruction safely. She was: taken in tow by tho Albatross at tho Heads, and1 taken; to the Sandridgo bight for the purpose of .discharging cargo. When it is all out she; wili ho taken into dock. ; Martini Henry, whose friends must think him! a wonder, is now first favourite for the Australian Cup,' as well as the Champion. Last night a. commission was executed in the Sydney and Melbourne markets to back him for the two and: quarter mile event. About L5000 was quickly! got on at prices ranging from ten to five to one, 1 which latter is his present price. Owing to this ; move / his price lias slightly receded for the Champion, being two to one. Mr Fleming Norton, tlio public entertainer, , lias commenced an action against Messrs Wil-1 liamson, Garner, and Musgrove, for breach' of. agreoment, and tho firm -bring a similar action : against Mr Norton. Mr Norton claims L550 damages and Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, claim L750. The triumvirato to-day made application for a commission to examine witnesses in England, which was opposed by the plaintiif, on tho grounds that he had not had timo to file answering affidavits, and the com mission was only intended to gain time. The case was remanded, in order to give tlio plaintiff time to file answoring affidavits. A member of the Bluo Ribbon Army, for whom tho excitement of Mr Booth's advent was too great, got gloriously drunk yesterday, and when placed in the colls at tho watchhouso he made noise otiough to disturb the wliolo' neighbourhood. He was discharged this morn- iug( no niiibbu biiitij no iiiia iiou touciicci arinK for over 12 months, and remembered nothing of what had occurred yesterday. At the Central Criminal Court to-day, the lad Ceorge Champ was found not guilty of setting fire to D'r Hewlett's stables in Fitzroy, nnd dis charged. Thomas O 'Grady, farmer, residing at Heatlicote, was placed upon his trial for having disposed of 600 sheep, ovor tlio wool of which ho liacl given a lion. What is known as tho Brighton ghost caso was entered into at tho local court this morning, when a young man named William Ilastiugs was charged with using indecent language, also with iiiBiilting boliaviour. William Emory, landlord of tlio Torminus Hotol, states that lie heard a great noise in front of his hotel, and on going out tho prisoner used disgusting language in roforonoo to witness' wifo and daughter. Wit ness then wont ovor to tho houso whore prisoner was employod, and found a horse, which ap peared to liavo boon ridden very hard. He fully identified tho prisoner. Tho dofenco was a plea of mistakon idontity, but the bonch considered tho charge fully sustained, and inflicted a penalty of L10, tlio presiding magistrate expressing re- grot that it was not in his power to order flog ging. '.Commercial. — To-day small sales of wheat covoring in all 1200 bags ox-station, at 3s lid. Flour is moving off in small trade parcels at L8 7s Gd to L8 10s. Feed grains quiet. Oats still low in price ; 350 bags of Victorian feed sold at 2s od to 2s 9d. Malting barley has boen placed at 4s 9d, and thoro would appear to bo ail im proving tondonoy in prices. Tho sugar market is firmer, and whites ns woll as yellow liavo boon placed at hotter prices. COO bag3 and pockets sold up to L82 10s. Finest whites ex Elvotico quitted at L33. Tlio Sliaro Markot. — Band and Albion, sollers 40s. Cornish, Daylesford, sellers 80s. Cornish Extended, sollers 9s 9d. Egorton, sollora 27s. Forest Creole, sellors 10s. Grand Junction Amal gamated, sellors lis. Groat Western Cymru, sollora 15s Od. Langridgc, buyors 8s, sollors 9s Od. Lone Hand, buyors L10 8s. Lord Harry buyors 78s. Now North Cluncs, sollors L10 10s. Queen's Birthday, Malmsbury, sellors 31s. Ris ing Star, Boilers 40s. Now Booliivo, sellors 9s. West Ristori, buyors 92s, sollors 95s. 