European and. American 1 Brevities. .- Patti is addicted.to billiard playing. . Bismarck is sixty-nine years old. Goethe and Shakespeare are Bismarck's favourite authors. Pitcairn Island in the Pacific, now has a population of 105. JuBtin McCarthy will shortly publish a ' History of the Four Georges.'' The Indians have cost the American Government $70,000,000 in the last ten years. It turns out that Forepaugh's white elephant is a varnished one. Sarah Bernhardt was hissed at Paris when planing 'Camille.' Steerage passage rates from New York tr Liverpool have been reduced to $18. j.ne jjukc ot Westminster's estate is | worth $200,000,000. Don Pedro, of Brazil, has reigned longer than any other living monarch — 53 years. Rumoured that Patti will retire from the stage and will return to her huBband, from whom she was divorced in 1877. Maud Stewart, who plays ' Edith ' in ' Young Mrs. Winthroo,' has nearly lost her sight by simulating blindness on the stage. Opossum breeding is a new and profit able industry in Georgia. One well stocked farm will yield a revenue of $400 or $500. Byron, the dramatist, was buried at London on April 17. Leading theatrical stare were present. Important gold discoveries are reported from Pike's Peak, Col. . Miners are greatly excited. A trip to the Sandwich Islands is rapidly becoming a necessity of fashion able life to Californians. Texas cat tle are dying of drought, and caterpillars are destroying the vegetation in that State. Michigan raises nearly one-half the world's crop of peppermint, the annual yield of oil being 70,0001bs. A posthumous publication ? of Charles Beade's will be autobiographical matter and sketches of contemporaries. A Philadelpbian owns a canary that whistles, without a mistake, 'Yankee Doodle.' He values it at 200 dollars. A new dynamite gun has been tested at Fort Hamilton, N. V. It throws acar tridge over a mile. _ There are twelve manufactories of arti ficial teeth iu the United States, and 10,000,000 teeth are made annually. High water is alarming the inhabi tants of New Orleans. The water covers the city within six squares of the river. It is expected that the revised edition of the Ola Testament will be ready for publication before the close of the year. Prince Victor of Wales, on attaining his majority next year, will be made Duke of Dublin, and reside in Ireland. The steamer Oregon from Liverpool, arrived sit New York on Saturday jafter a voyage of six days and ten hours, the fastest time on record. By a treaty made through De Brazza, the right bank of the Congo from Brazza ville to the equator passes under the pro tection of France. While digging the foundation for a church in Lincoln, Eng., the other day, the workmen found about six feet below the surface a perfect Roman altar, dedi cated to the Fates. After 14 years ofannexation, saysa cor respondent of the Paris Q (minis, Alsace is even less Prussian thau ever. She reads nothing but Frencliiournals. Her eyes turn unceasingly to France. Some of Edmund Yates' friends are trying to reconcile him to his sentence by the reminder that Bunyan wrote his ' chef d'oeuvre in prison. One of the brightest reporters on the Kansas City Press is a lady, Mrs. Rees. of the Journal. She is aged 28, and speaks four languages. A new planet has been discovered at the Vienna Astronomical Observatory. It appears like a star of the I2th magni tude, in the constellaation of Virgo. Gannie Jeffries, queen of the gipsies of the UuitedStates, whodied in Tenuesse last month, was buried in Dayton, O., Wednesday last, with imposing cere monies. Moncure D. Conway, though he lias returned to America to live, and has made the tour of the world, says he is 'more than ever convinced that London is the best place in the world to live in.' A historical wedding anniversary was recently held near Cnorlotte, at which the tables were set without linen, all the victuals were after recipes over a century old, and the dishes had been in use from 50 to 100 years. Matt Morgan, the English caricaturist, who was tabooed in England for his un fortunate picture of the Prince of Wales as Hamlet following the ghost of the roue George IV., aud the even, more offensive ' Brown Study, 'with the bare legged gilly leaning on the throne, has settled down as the head of a pottery in Cincinnati; and as a designer of litho graphic work. Washinton is agog over the reported conversion to Catholicity by Mgr. Capel, of Mrs. Hammersley, an aristocratic and benevolent Episcopalian lady. She be came acquainted with Mgr. Capel while he was sick at Washington. The report that Henry Irving and Ellen Terry had been privately married is unfounded, says a New York special. Ellen Terry has had two husbands, the first Watte, the artist, with whom she could not harmonise, and the second' a Mr. Kelly, who could not harmonise with her. Irving aud liis wife separated entirely from incompatibility of tem perament ? 