EXHIBITION NOTES CBr a Bcboial.1 It is strange to men who have been a bit about, and whose camp haB often been pitched! in strange places, what a wonderful attraction this word 'Exhibition' has ever since thab .memorable world's fair in Hyde Park ia 1851, whioh was undoubtedly tho beginning of all these slows upon tho larger and — if I may use mo worn tno— amaigamatea system. J£veE ? since then countries have vied with each other in general as well as special exhibitions South KenBingion haB givon us last year the Fisheries* Exhibition ; this was the first of a aeries of. arrangements. Now the'Health Exhibition has had its fair share of the public attraction. Yesterday Queensland oponed its annual exhi bition and to all who havo been concerned inr it let me pay them— if they will accept it— ? great credit for everything except arrangement. The catalogue was i admirable, but why was it not possible to show whore one could go to see certain special exhibits that they were) particularly interested in Boeing. Nothing could have been easier than to adopt the old 1851. plan of hanging a painted banner ' Food Sec tion,' or, if you like it better, 'Vegetable' Dopartment.' upon entering tae Dutiamg, x saw a lovely group of plants, whioh the placard told me were ? from the Acclimatisation Gardens, but, good as- they were, and having been connected with exhibits of plants a long time, permit me to say that the man who put up that group was a true floral artiste, and might fairly rival some of the old-country people who havo earned their claim to be 'Decorative Florist to Her Majesty.' I don't know, nor did I ask, who)' arranged this, bo please take this, as is now probably admitted by the thousands who saw this floral trophy yesterday that it is only a worthy tributo to a splendid effect. Now a word about this vegotable exhibition of Queensland. I am very muoh surprised at ? . ^ tho slow progress that has boon made in horti- i culturo ; if I were a market gardener at home, J and took into Oovont Garden the ' first prize'' I celery, I am certain that the ghost of old I Pandy at Evans's would chase me in memory J of Borne of the Bomford celery— this was as I long as your arm and as solid as a nut. This I ib celery, and thore is no reason why Queens* I land cannot produce it. Now turnips made a I considerable display ; tome 5 o£ the kinds were- I really what one who knows believes to be the- I best; but why not give the names they are I callod out here ? I saw rod-top stone, a good ? winter turnip at home, and also the green-top- I Scotch — a kind we ujo for cattle-fcoding in I the winter— but in most of the northern. 1 oountios it is considered a very desirable- I winter acquisition. The reBt are Chinese kinds* I Then, again, the cabbages shown, most I assuredly the Wheeler's Imperial, was no- 1 moro the true variety than it was the Digby I Chicks, which are supposed to go wih cabbages, 1 The Bavoy that was shown was a capital variety 1 of the Drumhead kind, of which there are- 1 sevoral. 1 The potatoes, as far as specimens were con- 1 cerned, were grand, but why not get more o£' 1 the newer varieties that are found bo much J more prolific and so much better in flavour PI J notioed some kinds that ;I knew when a I boy. Suoh kinds as snowflike, magnum- A bonum, and even the many varieties of the - tl ashleaf kidney kind were conspicuous by their I absence. J Are there not sufficien1; zealots in our midst- 1 to introduce new varieties of tuberous vege- I tables P I waB Blruok with the absence of the- [j globe artichoke hera when I first came, because jl I have found it in abundance in many other - I placeB of far lesB importance than Brisbane. 1 If the -gourami fish is so essential to the happi' I ness of the inhabitants of Queensland, surely I the introduction of new varieties of vegetables! I demand pur attention, and in this one thing a thore ii a wide scopo for work. Apparently I wo depend principally upon our Chinese I friends for supply, and thoy naturally uso those' ? varieties that they are in possession of, having I 'no interest whatever in improving varieties;. fl and I tm afraid to say it, because it is true*, I that enterprise in importing new kinds of. m vegetables would not repay the introducer, so- V this is clearly a question of publio enterprise.. I If the Land]8ill is to pass, could this cot be a. I matter that should have the consideration of 1 tho Lands Office? Here is a suggestion, respect- jfl fully submitted, that might ' Bguare ' certain. H supposed shortcomings in our present Minister - & for Lands. W Altogether, as a whole, the horticultural -'' department may bo looked upon as a success, £f but there is room for immense improvement, U'. and Queensland po3ses!6B every natural advan»iV; toga to devilop the improvements of our i:\ mother- country. , \?£ ? . i-¥ A WEtlrSEASONBD ObIMINAIi.— Tho intelli' 6-jt gonoe recoived by tho dotootivo polico, by -tele- || graph, from Kew South Wales, reBpeoting- fe the arrest in. that colony ? of the notorious* \k, oriminal Btuben Begent, will (nays the- \ Helbourno' Age) be hailed with muoh satis faction. This mfin hao a very black orimi- 1 nal reoord in Victoria, where, undor the name of Stephen MorriH, ho has undergot«- sevoral sontoncoi at different timei for grave crimes. In tho list of offencoa oharged against him aro various brnglarios, and ho is Btrongly suspected of being implicated in tho murder o£T Fr*nois Beach at Pmtavel. In 1863 he re ceived a scntenco of 12 yoiirs on thoro da, and being reload buforo tho expiration of his I torm, ho committed a robbery under arma, for whioh ho was nentencod to 15 yea-e. Whihfc serving this Bf ntim?n ho recoived another of two yearBJirittttion-il for nn abominable offen?o com mitted within tho wills of tho gaol. ThiB wa» iu 1873. He theu mude his escape from prison acd again took to tho road, ' stealing lioroeft whonover he onuld find an opportunity o£ doing bo. Hi*. Ifist sentonco was for house breaking, anrt ho rcceivod only 12 months for hie- font of- breaking gaol. Ho was arrested undor the name of to orria on two charges of, l hoiBO- atealing. and 1'ottctivo Contidicc, from ' Melbourne, wub sent thoro to identify him as Beuben Begent. Ho is ooDeidered a very dan gerous rufiUn, who would not hositnto to take life it interrupted in hit plundering. 