SUNDAY TRADING AND LOCAL OPTION. Some few weeks since the Rev. W. A. Brooke delivered, in Holy Trinity Church, a sermon upon the above im portant topic, the substance of which was published in the columns of the Standard. In Graham street Wesleyan Church, on Sunday morning last, the Rev. A. R. Edgar replied to the arguments then adduced, the church being crowded. The preacher selected as his text the following :— " It is good neither to eat flesh nor to drink wine, nor anything whereby they brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak."—Rom. 14, 21. In speaking to the subject the rev. gentleman said :— I have a twofold object in view in selecting the words of the text from which to address you this morn ing. I have to bring before you the subject of "Temperance" in accordance with the command of the conference of the Methodist church. This day has been set apart to lay this very necessary matter before our congrega tions throughout the colony, and I am proud to belong to a ministry that can conscientiously comply with such a command—98 per cent of the number being pledged abstainers. Again, I stand before you to redeem a promise I made more than two months ago to the temperance bodies of this town, and that was to deliver a sermon in reply to one preached by the Rev. W. A. Brooke in the Church of England. The delay, you are aware, was owing to a serious illness which befel me. I wish to say that, before I decided on replying, I consulted Mr. Brooke, and my proposal received his cordial ap proval. He was as wishful as any man could be that both sides of the ques tions, which are deemed of such im- portance to the community, should be fairly and fully discussed. In this spirit I now enter upon my task. I shall, in the first place, discuss the Sabbath question. I think the two leading argunments of the Rev. Mr. Brooke's sermon were these :—l. That Sabbatarians are mistaken in saying that Sunday-trading is of itself a sin, and expressly forbidden. They remind us of the injunction to keep holy the Sabbath day, and that Sunday trading being work, is an irifringeirient of God's command. But it must be remembered that this law was made in respect to the Jewish Sabbath, which has never been observed by the Christian church, Therefore the command ment is not applicable. 2. The Christians did appoint a day to be kept holy, and the act of changing the day was one of enormous assumption on the part of the Christian church. If the Christian church had the power to do this, it could also sanction even the performance of work on the Sabbath day. I ask, in reference to the first argument, is it a fact that the fourth commandment, "Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day," was made in respect to the Jewish Sabbath, and is in nowise applicable to the Christian church. Let us examine the position of this commandment in Jewish law. As you are all aware the code of Jewish law was divided into three parts. The Levitical which related to the religious ceremonies of that dispensation ; the Civil, having reference to the political constitution of the nation ; and the Moral relating to moral duties. The two former were, in their nature, limi ted and temporary, but the latter, the moral part of Jewish law, was uni versal in its application and of per petual oblgation. Now, as a matter of fact, the law of the Sabbath finds a prominent place in this moral code. lt is an integral part of that great epi tome of religious and moral duty which God wrote with his own finger on two tables of stone. Our blessed Lord sums up the doctrines of the Decalogue under two heads, love to God, and love to our neighbour, and further, in proof of the permanent character of the law, we have his positive declara tion, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law and the prophets. I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil." This saying of the Lord cannot be accepted in any, other light than that he incor porated this commandment in common with the others of the Decalogue, and therefore it can never be abrogated. But, further, was the Sabbath Day peculiarly a Jewish institution, given for the first time on Mount Sinai, and ending with the history of that nation? Your attention is directed to the first word of this commandment, "Remem ber." This surely does not indicate the introduction of a new institution, but rather calls attention to that which had a previous existence. It also indi cated that the Jews were aware of the existence of such a holy day. The latter part of the commandment con tains the assertion, 'Wherefore the Lord blessed the seventh day and hal lowed it," linking it on to the state ment of Genesis, "And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made, and God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it." It is obvious that this is the origin of the Sabbath coeval therefore with the birth of time, and that God would have his people attach supreme importance to the strict obser vance of his own institution ; not his people of any one nation or age, but of every nation, of every age. Dr. Paley admits that if the commandment was actually delivered at creation it was addressed, no doubt, to the whole human species alike, and continues, unless repealed by subsequent revela tions, binding upon all who came to the knowledge of it. I will next call attention to the design for which the Sabbath was in stituted. As a memorial of the great creations that sprang into being at the utterance of the Divine Voice. God taught by example that one-seventh of our time is needed for rest, or suspen sion of secular labor. The day was to be devoted to special and sacred uses. If this were the original design, surely we can scarcely infer that we stand less in need of its observance than did the Jews of old. Our hearts need stirring at the remembrance of God's wonder ful power and goodness in creation; human nature stands in need of rest, to-day ; and our souls of the sanctity and blessing peculiar to the holy Sab bath day. You are further reminded of the Lord's own words, "The Sabbath was made for man," universal man, not those of old simply; not for the men of his own days, but for us, and for man as long as the world lasts. You are well aware of Christ's example, the nume rous records of the evangelists as to his mode of keeping the Sabbath day. Having demonstrated the perpetual obligations of the Sabbath day on all men, in all time, I shall now proceed to a consideration of the second argu ment of the Rev. Mr. Brooke, "That the Christians did appoint a day to be kept holy, and that the act of changing the day was one of enormous assump tion on the part of the Christian church." But was the day altered by the command of the Christian church ? I can't find any record of any council of Christians met to decide upon such a change. I think it can be most con clusively proved that the change was brought about, not by an act of enor mous assumption on the part of the church, but by the Lord Jesus Christ himself, He who has all power given to Him in heaven and in earth. You will observe an indefiniteness respect ing time, both in the original institu tion and in the Decalogue, nothing more being expressly required than to ob serve a day of rest after every six days' toil, a seventh day to be kept holy. I mention this because of some who say 'If we are bound by the moral law, then we must keep to the original day." The day may be changed, while all essential to the Sab bath institution may be retained. Two things may be allowed as justifying the alteration of the day. 1. Competent authority. 2. Just occa sion. It will not be a difficult matter to show that both these justifying cir cumstances are found in the alteration of the day, now known as the Christian Sabbath. 1. Competent authority. Our Lord asserts his dominion over the Sabbath Day, "The Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath,'' clearly indi cating his authority, and foreshadow ing his determination to change the day in commemoration of His resurrec non. In this reference to the day the Lord admits its high authority, and by it proves his own supremacy. I take it that the following will be admitted as sufficient reasons for the change of day. The Sabbath is com memorative. Till the advent of Christ it was a memorial of the grandest event in the history of time — the crea tion. When a greater event occurs we may reasonably conclude it will also be commemorated. And if the same memorial be chosen for this purpose, some change in our remembrance seems necessary to intimate that it perpetuates the memory of the second and greater event Redemption is this greater event — the 'New Creation,' as the scriptures call it. It was appropriate to adopt the day on which Christ com pleted the stupendous design of re demption. This was done. Christ rose from the dead on the first day of the week, and henceforth you find it chosen by Christ and his Apostles for religious purposes. Our Lord, during the period between his resurrection and ascension, visited his disciples at regular intervals on the first day of the week. On the first day of the week the Holy Ghost was poured out on the assembly in the upper room in Jerusalem, and the Christian church was born. The Apostles and the Christians of their day ceased to recognise the seventh day as an interval of rest, and we find the church meeting for prayer, fellow ship, the Apostles' doctrine, and the breaking of bread. Was this sanc tioned on the authority of the Apostles think you ? Nay, but by command of their Master. John, in the Isle of Patmos, was in the spirit on the Lord's Day, when the Lord himself appeared in his glory. All these and many other grand events are united with the Christian Sabbath — the richest bless ings of heaven ; the atonement and the gift of the Spirit. He only who could change the day has done it, and his reasons for so doing are mighty and all-important. Let as not rob this day of its authority and sanctity by any such idea as that the Christian church changed the day to be kept holy, or that the church can authorise secular work to be done. If such were the case, alas ! alas ! The Kingdom of Christ would rage and vanish ; the temple of truth and holiness would crumble to the dust ; infidelity and errors would reign : morality would decay; the sun of Christian hope would set in darkness for ever. The wrath of Ged will certainly fall upon those people who neglect his Sab baths. It has done so in every in stance is the past — we will not be ex cepted. I stand here to declare, on the authority of God himself, that it is sin ful to do any kind of unnecessary work on His holy day. That it is a crime and a disgrace to us, in this land of wonderful promise, that trains are permitted to run on Sunday, or that cabs and omnibuses ply for hire. But when I approach the subject of the opening of public houses on the Lord's Day, I am met by a feeling of un utterable horror. Whatever license the Government of this colony takes in running trains or permitting certain houses of business to remain open on Sunday, it has by law declared that all hotels shall remain closed, and no sale of liquor shall take place except to bona fide travellers. The violation of this law is met by heavy penalties. Now my venerable friend, the Rev. Mr Brooke, is sorely distressed that this most respectable class of the commu nity are precluded from lifting up their eyes to heaven on Sunday because they are compelled, by the necessities of the trade, to break this law. It is the first time I have heard of flagrant law breakers being classed among respect table men. A few months ago we had the Licensed Victuallers Association meeting to decide whether or not they would keep the law, and close their houses on Sunday. The majority de termined to abide by the law. The Port Melbourne branch was scarcely as tractable ; the majority determined to do what they liked, and so they did. But what was the reason of this sud den outburst of virtuous sentiment on the part of this respectable association. Just this, the temperance organization of the colony were pressing the subject of local option, and were pleading for the enforcement of the Sunday law. Our friends, the publicans, therefore resolved to test public opinion, ' The poor man's collar ' was henceforth to be closed on Sunday, and the poor man's Sunday beer was suddenly to be cut off. What was to be the result? Why, simply that the working classes would arise en masse, demand their beer, compel the Government to reform the law, and allow the public houses to remain open part of the day at all But what was the result. Not a single procession, not one petition to Parliament, or any demonstration. The necessity for Sunday trading was ex ploded by the act of the publicans, and the records of the police courts on Monday morning declare the necessity of compelling every publician to close all the day. I regard it as a crying evil that, owing to endless quibbles on points of law, the letter and spirit of the act are so often evaded. I don't see why evidence conclusive enough to hang a man should be insufficient to fine a publician. Surely the fact of a bar full of men, drinking or drunk, and quarrelling and cursing on a Sunday afternoon or evening, ought to be suf ficient proof that the publican is break ing the law, and is unfit to be trusted with a license. But l have to deal Christian Church. You will see from the text that everything is forbidden that will make a brother stumble, or offends him, or makes him weak. What a careful walk in Christian life this suggests. But you remind me that all things are lawful to the Christian. Yes, but St. Paul is careful to add— ' All things are not expedient.' Our text comes fairly under the law of ex pediency. In reference to the use of wine — for this is a generic word and really in cludes intoxicants of every description as well as wine non-intoxicating— is it expedient that you, as Christian people, shall use it even moderately ? in view of the awful catalogue of crime and poverty and death brought about directly by drinking spirituous liquors. Think of 800,000 of our fellow countrymen in Great Britain habitual drunkards. Think of 60,000 British men aad women sinking yearly in drunkards' graves and into the drunkards' hell. Look at what it is doing in our town ; the old and young slaves to it; the hopes blasted; the murders done through it; the wives and families left destitute to keep up this dreadful trade. Think of little children almost naked and starved, kicked and beaten, and thrust out of doors. Think of women abandoning natural affection, and killing her young for drink. And, I ask, can it possibly help you in the great work of reform ing these to drink yourself that which you know is their downfall and ruin. Can you better glorify God ? Does it qualify you for your work in the church? Surely not — it is not ex pedient. But is it necessary ? Can it be proved so ? In the first place medical men agree that it is a poison. And do we not read often in the papers the verdict brought in by coroners' juries — ' Died through alcoholic poison ing.' It is as unnecessary as arsenic. The amount of nourishment con tained, say, in the best poor man's beer is that found in a four pound loaf — equal to a hogshead of beer. A needle in a haystack surely. That it does not sustain vital force or assist it is proved by many experiments. A man will be frozen to death sooner after taking brandy than if he had taken cold water. The countries that have adopted the Prohibition Act de clare strong drink unnecessary, either for strength of body or of mind. But more than all, is it safe? For an answer to this we look at the moral and spiritual wrecks that lie scattered around. Neither wealth, education, rank, birth, nor sex can prove strong enough to withstand the grasp of this terrible foe. Clergymen, doctors, artists, lawyers, soldiers, and others of the highest moral constitution, and ability have fallen victims to this curse ; and who are we? While others stronger and better are being damned, body and soul shall, we trifle with this curse ; shall we prostitute our place in the great human brotherhood, our mission as bearers of glad tidings of salvation, our influence as heads of families, or workers in the Christian Church by pandering to this or coun tenanting its use. Nay, rather let us be men and adopt the language of the text — "It It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, or anything whereby thy brother, stumbleth, or is ofiended, or is made weak.' 