A BUSH STORY. AN ORIGINAL TALE. BY ENO. It was about ten years ago, I was regularly what you call “down on my luck.” It was partly by my own fault, and partly by the force of circumstances commonly called bad lack. A rush at some diggings induced me to try if I could retrieve my fallen fortune there, but misfortune still clung to me, so I made up my mind to tramp to Mel bourne, and try my last chance at getting something to do in a large wool store owned by a cousin, who had always given me plenty of that cheap com modity, good advice. Behold me thus, tramping through the bush, after dark, on a cold autumn evening. My worldly wealth was composed of 6d, so as I could not expect to procure bed and board with that; my only chance was to obtain a night’s lodging and a meal at some station, hut, or farm. It is rather dreary work tramping through the bush in the dark, with a thick mist-like rain falling, and I was very glad when the signs of human habitation in the shape of fenced paddocks began to appear. I grew more hopeful when the path led me to a pair of large white gates open ing into a carriage drive, on which I entered, and after walking for some time between what seemed half-cleared ground, as well as I could see, the path led abruptly up to a large rambling bush cottage with a wide verandah all round. All was dark, and a nearer inspection showed me that the cottage was empty. In my present state this was rather a disappointment to me. I went all round and examined the outhouses and yard, but could find no sign of any per son about. There was a tangled garden surrounding the cottage, and what ap peared to be bush beyond. There was but one course open to me, to take up my lodging here for the night, and put off all hopes of a supper until another time. At least, I should be sheltered from the cold and rain. As the out houses seemed rather dilapidated, I made up my mind to try and get into the house. This I accomplished easily by opening one of the French windows with my knife, when I stepped into a large empty room smelling rather mouldy, as if it had been uncared for a long time. Making a scanty supper on ; a few-hard ship biscuits, I spread my blanket and ’possum rug on the floor, had a smoke, always a consoler, and composing myself to rest soon slept the sound sleep of exhaustion. I do not know what time in the night it was when I awoke suddenly. I do not know what caused me to awake, bat I had a feeling that there was someone, or something, with me in the room. I started up in a sitting posture, and listened. Having no superstitious fears, I felt certain I was going to be ousted out of my shelter. I could distinctly hear something moving with a peculiar shuffling sound. The moon had risen some time, and came through the window in abroad band along thefloor and up the wall/making the rept of thajcoomdark. Straining, my eyes, I with my heart beating quicker, .I looked j and could see something, the shape of which ! conld not define, moving in the I dark.'. Mustering up my courage 1 said, ‘‘Who is there 1" There 'was no answer. I confess ! felt a thrill of fear and dread go through,me, I half rose from my: impromptu bed on the floor, and stared hard into the room. The object, what ever it might be, I could perceive was moving slowly in the direction of the ray of bright moonlight. Another minute and I could see by the height of the moon a sight that made my heart stand still. The horror of that moment will haunt me to my dying day. - The figure which was clothed in a long white garment seemed like that of a man, but no living man could look like it. The face seemed that of a corpse, so pallid and drawn, and to add to my horror was entirely destitute of hair. The skull too .was perfectly bare and shone in the light. The eyes seemed starting out of the head, and the tongue was protruding. All these details ! tool; in in a few seconds. My hair stood on end and a cold sweat broke over me. ! tried to speak out, but in vain, I could only fix my eyes on the horrible form before me. My terror increased when I perceived the apparition advancing slowly to me, throwing above its head with a sort of despairing gesture a pair of long skinny arms, with hands like the claws of a bird of prey. Nearer and nearer the form came towards me until trying in vain to collect my scattered senses, ! uttered-a hoarse cry and knew no more. When I came to myself I was in a bed, rough, but clean and comfortable, and a bearded man with a kind, jovial face, was bending over me. “ So, mate, you are all right now, I hope,” he said. Slowly back came the recollection of the horrors ! had witnessed. ! started up in bed and clutched my rough nurse’s arm. “ Whfere is it ?” I cried. “ Why am I here ?” “ Steady, mate ; drink this, and if you are qoiet, perhaps I will tell you,” and my nurse made me . drink some cooling mixture, and I felt much better. “ You have just escaped brain fever, my friend," he said. “ But the spirit,” I commenced, when he inter rupted me. “It was no spirit, but my master's poor mad brother." He lost his wife and four children in the house you slept in last night, and it completely turned his brain. His brother, whose station you are at now, takes care of him, assisted by a keeper, but whenever he can he escapes from them and goes back to his old home, which is only a mile from here, and wanders from room to room looking for his lost. ones. He did so last night, and happened to come into the room where you made your camp. We found him bending over yon, thinking he bad found his wife, poor fellow. We thought you were dead, and as it is you have had a hard fight against the fever. The master told us to take all care of you.” And that was my ghost, the memory of which will never leave me till I die. I remained at the station, the master found me work, and now I am overseer. I often saw the poor mad brother, and he certainly was a terrible object. His head had been shaved, and the hair had never grown again and his features were distorted. Death put an end to his sorrows and sufferings about six years ago. They often tease me about my ghost, and I laugh with them, but my nerves have never been the same since that night, and my hair turned quite grey. 