Diokens and Sims. On the 24th September a leotare was de lired.in tho, Newtown Town Hall, by the Rev. A. B. Camm' on the works of Diokens and of Sims, author of ' How the poor live,' ballads by Dagonet, and sundry tales and sketches. The lecture was delivered in aid of the New town library. The:hall was well filled.' The chair , was occupied by J. F. Smith, Esq;, Mayor Of Newtown, ' On the platform we noticed, among others, Aldermen Neale and Peirce. Inthe body of the hall 'we observed Dr. James Kingsbury and Mrs. Kingsbury, the Bev. Kelly, of Kogarah and Urs. Kelly, Mr: Wyatt, Mr. Lane, Mr.- Jesse* Cowley, Council Clerk, Mr. W. Webster, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mul holland, Mr. Stott, Mr. Mayes and others. After introductory remarks from the Mayor, the Bev. A. B. Camm opened his lecture by contrasting Dickens and Sims, -showing that, both had one idea, the. improvement of the' human race. Dickens was always in favour of reform, and night (after night, through the veiy worst purlieus ; of London he wandered ana watched, considering how best: he could benefit society. Alt his works were written for a good purpose.' -\Hr. Camm' pointed ,oat' that Diokona' work* had brought aljout many ': reform's; ' Oliver. Twist'.' had brought an im-. .provem'eiit' 'in' the management of work houses, 'Nicholas Nickleby;,' in ? seminaries . and boarding school^, ' BleaK House,' in the Court.; of. Chancery, business,, where he-.de- , Scribed .thtft long ease Jarndyce, r.. Jarndyce. Mr. Camm described David Copperfield (Dickens himself) walking ipto a public house and 'asking for a glass of ' stunning ale.' The landlady gave him a milder draft and with it 'a kiss.' . Mri.Cainmsaid ithad often been asked of what religion Charles Dickens was. Was he a Catholic, a Presbyterian, or a Unitarian? Mr. Camm said, 'Dickens had broad sympathies. ,,'Diokenit and Sims had this in common, their wondsrfel power in describing child life,: Look at the life and death of ' Little Neli' and. Little Paul - Dom bev. Mrs. Camm here' sang ' What. are the wild waves saying' with . exquisite taste. In all Dickens's works you find this great .prin ciple, great reverence for God. In 1850, Diokens wrote the 'Christmas Carol' and described the ghost: aad Sorooge, the grasp ing, miserly Scrooge;'/ Poor Bob Gratchit, the overworked clerk at 16s. a week, and his little child ' Tiny Tim,' and his toast on Christmas Day ' God bless us all every one.'- Then Mr. Camm described another Christmas book, the ' Chimes.' : Diokens was in, Switzerland when thinking fbr a title to' that , little book. Mr. Camm said Dickers ' arid ./Sims combined humour.and pathbs. Messrs.- Doyle land' Peel gave recitations, Messrs. Abbott and Mayes proposed a rote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried with acclamation, llr. Stott moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor o f Newtown. 