THE BEECHWORTH MINING BOARD AND THE INDIGO DIVISION. An intimation thnt it is the intention of the Beechworth District Mining Board to take into their august consideration what modification 'an be made of the area of the land set apart for mining purposes within the Indigo Division would, at one period of Chiltern's his tory, have created something like a stir. The miners would have assembled in their numbers, aud after warming each other np to fervent platform harangues, would have determined by resolution they would put up with no such injus tice, What is more, considerable activiiy would he afterwards displayed by the leading men amongst the same mioers in defeating any attempt to diminish the mining area, and thus lessen their opp.r lunity of m king a livelihood by their calling. Times certainly have changed since the fervent period of Indigo exist ence, miners now, as well as the business c immunry, allowing, in ihe most non chalant fashion, all mat'ers to slide. The stagnation around us in tho way of trade is one of the consequences of thi® sort of thing ; and the loDger the Chil- ternese abstain from wrestling with the trouble, the less chance there will be for perfect recovery. Some years have now elapsed since the pressing lootsteps of the selector upon the miner attracted considerable attention, and at- that- time large quan tities of auriferous lands passed Irom the miner to the grazier. It would uot, perhaps, have been so bad for tbe community had these lands been util ised as orchards or vineyards or for tbe cultivation of cereals or the growth of crops thatrequire the constant attention of man to bring to perfection. But to take the land from the miner and the pu'dic, and by so much diminish the common property and band it over to a few lucky individuals was foolish, if no worse name is applicable to it. There are indeed, some wicked but ob servant people who still aver there is no greater depth in the way of mistake tbat could be descended to, than that attained some years ago by those whose duty it was to oppose the granting of certain areas to selectors. Be this as it mav, there was great commotion about it at the time. It was because even then there seemed no cohesion or power ot will on the part ot the raining vigilance or protection association was advueared. Its duty would have been primarily to take under its protection the landed estate of the mining com munity, and generally to guard that in terest against tbe encroachments of oihers. We suppose it is patent to every miner there is no faith to be placed in Mining Boards, and tbat those faded remnants of an old necessity are but the ghosts of things that were. If there is anything tangible about them it is tbe damage they do to the mining interest, by ap pearing ts be things they are not — that is, the representatives of the mining in terest, and as snch are, unfortunately, asked for an opinion. It c-tn certainly hardly be otherwise, when, instead of miners, it is the host of graziers and dairymen who elect the members of tbe mining boards. It was mainly to coun teract the influence of this woli in sheep's clothing that gave rise to the idea of a Miners' Vigilance Association at Chiltern ; but its power would have been folt as well in other mat'ers of in terest to the mining oommunity, such as in urging grants for prospecting par- poses, the regulation of leases, Ac. The suggestion was never acted upjn, as it should have been. A changeling, in the shape of a branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association of Victoria, was es tablished in its place. The business of this association appears to be con Sued to the sick and affiicted, or interfering with their neighbors' regulation® as to tbe conduct of their busiuess. It in no way represents the idea of a real protection association to tbe mining in terest, being more concerned with the amonnt of wages payable to a miner, and the contributions of that same miner to its funds, than preserving his right to a share of the pnblic landed property and bis opportunity of working as a laborer of some independence. It is possible these statements will be met by saying that the Amalgamated Association have general, as well bb the special, objects we speak of in view, and that they do look after the interests of the mining commu nity when any great catastrophe is ready to overtake it, or when Parliament is to be appealed to in shaping a prospecting vote. Our experience is confined to our own locality, ; and there we can certainly say that our Branch Association has never shown conspicuously as the de- fender of the miner ; and if it did any thing towards assisting the miner in prospecting, it must have done so in the most unostentatious fashion. Onr busi ness, however, at the present time is not to blame, but to draw attention to the present crisis, in the hope that tha present Branch Association will assume tbe place it was supposed to have occu pied on its initiation, or that the miners themselves will step forward in defence of their property so covetously eyed by the selecting community. With the Melbourne proposition that the Mining Department shall be merged in the Lands Department, and all appeals ante the mining G»sar swept away, ana biso wun the latest proposition that onr Distriot Mining Board intend to consider the diminution of the mining area in the Indigo Mining Division, it is imperative for their very safety's sake as an interest in the country side that ci? miners hbblir themselves.; — "hederal btanaard. 