THE TICHBORNE CASE REVIVED IN SYDNEY ' On Friday last our (Melbourne Age) correspon dent in Sydney telegraphed that a petition had been presented to the primary judge sitting in lunacy, to have' the lunatic known as William Creswell, at present confined in the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, released to Edward ana unanes Orton, on the plea that he is their brother. The application was opposed by the. Crown, on the ground that after a lapse of so many years it was impossible for the petitioners to identify. the lunatic Creswell as Arthur' Orton, and further that the Crown could produce strong testimony, to prove that 'Creswell is not identical with' Orton. We learn that during the last few months several im portant witnesses have turned up in Victoria, who are prepared to give valuable testimony, should it be required, at the inquiry to be held in Sydney. In consequence of the two brothers Orton stating that they were prepared to identify Creswell as their brother, this mysterious case is beginning to attract considerable attention, and in view of the inquiry about to take place, it will not be out of place to give a few particulars with respect to the fresh evidence said to be available in this colony. The Tichborne trial commenced on Thursday, 29th January, 1874, at bar, in the Westminster courts, the indictment of the Queen against Castro, alias Arthur Orton, alias Roger Charles Doughty Tich borne, baronet, being one of perjury. After a hearing which lasted twenty days, the jury brought in a verdict. of guilty, and declared the prisoner to be Arthur Orton. He was sentenced to fourteen years' penal servitude in Dartmoor gaol, and at the present moment has served a little more than ten years. Probably the evidence which will be ten dered next Friday at Sydney will be principally given by Victorian residents, coupled with that of the two brothers Edward and "Charles Orton, who have, it is alleged, already identified the lunatic at Parramatta as their brother, and have sworn affi- davits to that effect. One gentleman resident in Benalla is prepared to swear that he lived in the immediate neighbourhood of the Orton family, at Wapping, in London, that he met Arthur Orton every day at school, and that one day whilst play ing with him he wounded Orton with a knife in the hand. He will also swear that the . lunatic Cres well is his old playmate, whom he identified the instant he saw him amongst twenty other lunatics in the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum. Another Vic torian x-esident is prepared to swear that he was at Castlemaine when Cresswell, under the name of Orton, was tried for horse-stealing. This gentle man also saw Creswell in the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, and immediately recognised him. There are also two other London residents now in Sydney who knew the Orton family intimately in London, and it is believed they are prepared to identify Creswell as Arthur Orton, whom they knew at Wapping. It will be put in evidence that Cres well has more than once been arrested in Hew South Wales, and detained under the name of Arthur Oi'ton. Of course the identification of Creswell as Arthur Oi'ton will upset the correct ness of the verdict of the English jury which tried the Tichborne claimant. So far as the Victorian evidence is concerned, it appears as if the positive identification of Creswell as Orton can be estab lished. It is beyond all doubt that Arthur Orton was born on the 20th March, 1S34 ; that he was at school with a gentleman who resides at Benalla ; that lie was wounded by the latter ; that he sailed in the ship Ocean as apprentice to Captain Brooks, and after remaining with him for some time re turned to London. It is also known that Orton, in May, 1S53, sailed in the ship Middleton for Hobart Town, and was shortly afterwards engaged by Mr. Mansfield, of Hobart Town, to come to the estate of Mr. Johnson, Mewburn Park, Gippsland. Evidence can also be given to prove that Orton, or Creswell, remained there a considerable time, and afterwards worked upon the Boisdale and Dargo stations, belonging to Mr. Foster, near Sale. He afterwards worked as groom with Mr. Duncan Clarke, of the Royal Exchange Hotel, Raymond- street, Sale, where he was intimately known to a large number of people, who are now in a position to identify him. He left the hotel in the begin ning of 1S59. On the 22nd May of the same year he was charged on warrant with stealing a chest nut mare, the property of Mr. Thomas Blacker. This warrant was never executed, and it is still in the hands of the Victorian police. The Victorian Law department should, therefore, be in a position to settle all doubts upon the question as to whether the lunatic Creswell is or is not the Arthur Orton for whom the warrant was issued, and was in Vic toria from 1853 to 1S59. On the 12th July, 1S75, Mr." John Hull, a well- known resident of Sale, made the following affi davit : — I swear that there is not a man in the colony of Victoria that knows Arthur Orton better than I do, he having lived, boarded, worked, and repeatedly bathed in the river Thompson with me for over a period of two years. In personal ap pearance he was very ungainly looking, slobberly made, rough and uncultivated, very large hands and feet, had a scar on the back of his neck, another across the right hand, one down the cheek, another on the left arm, was tatooed, had light hair, light blue eyes, high cheek bones, very" fond of expressing his mind and continually talking. His ears were bored for rings, for I have repeat edly put into them leaden ear-rings and removed them again. During- the years 1S57, 1S5S, and early in 1859 lie was engaged as a groom at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Sale. He whs a softy and very cunning. 1 hold property now which formerly belonged to Arthur Orton. A Mrs. "Mary Smith, the wife of James Smith, tailor, of Sale, has sworn that she knew Orton well in the year 1856, and her description- of him is identical with that given by Mr. Hull. The case is to be heard in the Sydney courts on the 30th in stant. Proclaims himself Jestjs.— An individual of extraordinary appearance, and decorated from head to foot with flowers, has been parading the streets of Adelaide, and forcing himself into a religious meeting, declaring that he is Jesus Christ. He arrived in Adelaide some time ago, and rode into the city on a donkey, with his hat and clothing and the ass's head covered with floral tributes. This eccentric conduct caused some amusement at the time, and the extraordinary being was greeted with cheers and hoots by the assembled crowd. Nothing daunted, however, he shortfy afterwards appeared in the police court, and having obtained permission to speak, was beginning a long liarraugue when the magistrate, having interrupted him, said that the court had, no jurisdiction in the matter. The man then declared that during the last seven years he had announced to the world the very im portant fact that he is " the Son of God, the Christ of God, created solely by the Divine Power of God, the Holy Ghost, for the purpose of accomplishing His divine purpose relating to the personal reign on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ." The man has a few converts, and is trying to get assistance from the clergymen of the various denominations to hold a public meeting. He lately published a book in which he attempted to prove his identity, and he vainly endeavoured to found a new sect. Mistakes will Hafpen. — The boy who was caught laughing after his teacher had thrashed him, because the master had licked the wrong boy, had better send his congratulations to Charles Godfrey, of Middleton, New York, whose daughter was recently married by her mother, contrary to her father's wish, to a man much older than herself. Godfrey hired two burly negroes to thrash the venerable bridegroom, he himself mounting a flight of stairs where the new husband's rooms were situated, whence he intended to throw him down to the coloured nieq below. But instead of meeting his son-in- law he met his own wife, Mrs. Godfrey, who pushed him downstairs in the dark. The coloured men, supposing that he was the man whom they had been hired to thrash, proceeded to finrn lYinncv SO lionosf.lv n« fn Iphva ployer half dead in the hallway. — Detroit Free Dress 