Select • <: . ... ^ -THE WIfSS Of In the verdant'Sualnan vdt^y lovely little Weinsbeiglie^ tike a brown lark of the meadow ere to greet the mom she flies. On the quaint and old-world village Night hath pressed the kiss of peace, As upon a sleeper's forehead, hiding wildest memories. From the nigged hill above it frowns the ruin'd castle down, like a ghost that from the past still seems to guard the sleeping town. Ruin'd towers and gloomy donjon! many a wild deed have ye viewed Since the Roman Emperor Probus reared you in a solitude. Murder, rapine, lust, and slaughter falling from some baleful star On ths hearths and homes el Weinsberg in the cruel Peasant War. Bage of noble, rage of henchman, vieing each in orgies dire, While their fierce eyes watched the victim leaping at the torture fire. Bat a sweeter, nobler memory lightens o'er the mouldering walls, And the European wanderer to the sacred ruin calls. Though seven centuries have faded ne'er the story shall grow old. Of the noble wives of Weinberg, who did Love prefer to gold. Many a weary day the castle had the eeige of Conrad stood. Till the vali&nt; Guelph, its leader, fell, and bathed the ground with blood. With no hope ef succour nigh them, with a martini host before. Soon the fortress must be yielded, the unequal fight be o'er. Then the women cried, " Onr foeman hath a generous soul if stem; Let us for our lives beseech him, it may be his heart will turn." Soon a crowd of weeping matrons through the gate have ta'en their way, Noblest mingling with the lowliest. Grief alone hath rank to-day. In his tent sits Emperor Conrad, hears the sad petition rise— " Spare us, lord, and spare our dear ones; take what else your soldiers prize." Swift replies the haughty monarch, " I do not on women war; Free and safe from Weinsberg Castle shall ye to the town repair. " But, by. heaven, the recreant tiaitois who withstand my lawful right; They have dared the wrath of Conrad, they shall feel it in its might! " If to-night the castle's yielded, they can pass at,break of morn Every woman, -with what treasure may be on her shoulders borne." High that night the wine and wassail ruled throughout the victor host; Crept on leaden feet the hoars to (he hearts that waged and lost. Shines at last the fatal morning. Lo ! what sad proceesion comes Down the hill from Weinsberg Castle, 'mid no staring beat of drams P live for ever wit of woman! Every wife the towers hold Marches, beating on her shoulders stoutly her defwder bold. At their head the Dnches Uta proudly carries wounded Guelph; " Here," she cries, " my .dearest ^treasure, dearer far than life itself 1" ' " Broken faith!" cries fierce Duke Frederick. " Let the soldiers have their will! " " Say," outspeaks the noble Conrad," Kingly word is sacred sUlL " Leave to bear their dearest treasures the wivee of Weinsberg did I give; Since their husbands are sach treasures, bid the ransomed husbands live!" So it runs, the pleasant story that enshrines each shattered tower. "We bertreue*" is tho casUe called .memory of the honr. * Woman's faithfulness. E. B. LODOB&UT;, Melbourne. 