UPPER PIPER RIVER. (from odr own cokeksposdent.) ' A meeting of the United Church Committee, in conjunction with the seat holders, was held on Monday, September 1, when the treasurer submitted his annual report, which showed that the financial auiirs of the cmncii are i i a satisfactory condition, and that in another 12 months the church will ba free of any debt, thanks to the lively interest the people here have taken iu this matter. Another of the old settlers in this district has departed this mortal life, viz , Mr John Doak, who died on Tuesday, September 2, after a rather prolonged illness. Mr Doak was a resident of this district for 25 years, and therefore one of the pioneer settlers who, with the late Mr John Campbell and a few more, arrived in this locality and took up their selection, to which, despite all drawbacks and hardships, they manfully held, in hopes to see better times, which, alas was not their lot. Mr Doak was greatly respected by all who knew him, for his straight forward and outspoken manners, and much beloved by a great circie of friends. The funeral was attended by nearly 8O people. At the annual meeting of the members of the M.I. Association, the following officers were elected for the ensuing 12 months, viz. : — President, Rev. Mr Mather ; senior - vice- president, Mr J. Somerville ; secretary, Mr J. W. Woife ; treasurer, Mr J, Miller ; senior librarian, Mr J. Scott ; assistant librarian, Mr E. Kowarzik. The financial state of the association is m a fair condition, the number of members baing 42. On Friday, September 5, lomploolted for enter tainment promised by the members of the above association was given to a crowded housa, and was a most decided success. About 15 of the members took part, and were ably assisted by Miss A. Lyall, who is a visitor in this district, and the i following programme was gone through : — Address, Rev. Mr Mather ? pianoforte duet, Messrs. Kowarzik ; song, 'Dear Little Shamrock,' Miss Lyall ; reading, ?' Sam Weller's Valentine,' Mr J. Somer ville ; song, ' Falling Leaves,' Mr John Wolfe ; reading, ' His Pa dissected,' Mr J. Scott ; song, ' All for Ninepence,' Mr C. Campbell ; reading, ' Churchgoing,' Mr J. Marx ; comic Irish song, Mr A. Downie ; pianoforte aud violin selection, from 'La Sonambula,' Messrs. Kowarzik ; song, 'Oh, how my heart beats,' Miss Lyall. The second part opened with a duet, 'Very Suspicious,' Miss Lyall aud Mr C. Campbell; reading, ' The Ghost,' Mr Mather; song, 'Bunch of Roses,' Mr S. Somerville ; song by Mr W. Somer ville ; pianoforte solo by Miss Lyall ; a comical nigger farce, which kept the audience in roars of laughter, with the song, ' Hen Convention Show.' The National Anthem concluded the entertain ment. All the performers acquitted them selves in a creditable manner. A substan tial supper and Soiree Dansaiite was given afterwards, when some 30 couples enjoyed themselves in quadrille and other dances till daybreak, all being well pleased with the night's entertainment. The money taken at the doors amounted to £10 17s which, after expenses are deducted, will go to the building fund. Earth tremors are still felt here now and then, with the usual rumbling noise proceeding from north- east to south west. September 11. 