" J A C K A ROMANCE OF A STATION. BY FSANCIB J. DONOHUE. A QUIET afternoon in a quiet suburb of Sydney. The weather warm—sultry even; no one visible,—probably asleep, as the closed window shatters beyond those cool-looking gardens seem to betoken. A stray dog, dreamily agitating with halfcloaed eyes on some abstract question of canine'sociology or politics, is too lazy or too much overcome by the heat even to wag his tail. Evidently his mental exercises are not vigorous; and the pet problem of canine sociology is not yet approaching its solution. But what of that ? The weather is warm. Et le diable est wort ! We are standing just at the extremity of one of those pleasant points—Darling Point, this one—that fringe Sydney harbour. The sun- kissed water is visible through the trees just below. The houses hereabouts—mansions rather—are evidently the dwellings of people of substance, and the smooth carriage drives and nicely-trimmed lawns are as suggestive of wealth as the former are of luxurious ease or the latter of lawn-tennis or pleasant garden parties. A faint suspicion of faintest breeze all but ripples the placid surface of the sheeny wavelets that lap the white sand beneath the foliage fringing, the shore, and it just moves into a lisping susurius the leaves that rest, as it were, on the high wall that rises beside us as we stand. A high wall, enclosing an eminently " respectable " house. A brass door-plate—ugh I An inscription, " Seminary for Young Ladies." Of course 1 Have any of my readers eyer seen an es tablishmont of the kind without a high wall, or a brass door-plate, or a freezingly " re speetable" appearance, or—may I add— Venetian blinds ? A briskly-apprpaehing vehicle breaks the stillness. The rattle of a gab. It approaches -stops. An active figure springs out, rings, and passes within—passes into the eminently " respectable " house with the high wail and the door-plate. Presently he emerges, and not alone.* Himself and his companion dieappear . into the cab which has waited, and now rattles off. His companion is a lady, and young. Pretty also. We are interested in that. Let us follow, and and before doing so, let me quietly and calmly hasten to disabuse the excited mind of my reader of any suspicion of intrigue or mystery in all this. The occurrence we have just witnessed is the most commonplace and prosaic in the world. And yet, not too commonplace or altogether prosaic either. What though one of the fair boarders of Harrington House school has just left the old school-room under the protection of her father's protege on her last and endless Christmas vacation, who will say that the first Btep of this fair young maid from the world of youth and dreams to the world of womanhood anid life is not a step too irretrievable to be called commonplace, and far too fraught with the poetry o£ that grand life to be prosaic! A young girl leaving school I Yes, Dolly Pomeroy has just left for the last time the shelter of her Alma mater. Shortly she will be on her way to the great station of their grim old father, Gerald Pomeroy, of Wilnagurra, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmas vacation there, and, after that, she will settle down to the pitiless humdrum of station life, so cruel to the fresh, society-loving girl. For the last time she has dined and chatted with her envying schoolmates then—for the last time slept in that quiet old dormitory, with its white rows of snowy beds, that looked so ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming through the window —that window looking over the moonlit water that Dolly&kened; to " the magic casements opening on perilous seas in faery lands forlorn," of which a romantic temperament and a young girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had even bidden farewell to the ogress—i.e., revered preceptress—and was already rattling briskly enough away from the old school and its associations. And her companion, what of him ? Well, Jack was a handsome young fellow, handsomely dressed in a fashionable suit and hat, and yellows kids, and etceteras in which he did not feel quite at home. Yet was he a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, with fair Saxon hair and blue Saxon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country about him, and the firm hand and Bteady eye of the man who has got his station experience and earned it. Slightly touched with the sun too; but lithe and slim as an acrobat, and closely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant-faced and soft-voiced too, when he pleased, as now; and yet with a passing shade of sensual self-esteem and egotism, even downright shallow selfishness withal. But the observer would never notice this, as Jack bent kindly over the happy little maiden with the bright yellow tresses and blue eyes, who laughed back at his own, sitting by his side.- Arthur Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason but the merest whim of caprice, "Jack." Allerton was a handsome young fellow as I have already said,—with a history. Very few knew his history. Dolly's father knew it. Dolly did not. Jack's station friends were ignorant of it also, and if the casual visitor wondered sometimes at the half-familiar terms pn which thid noticeable young boundary rider lived on the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, 4n greater amaze at other things. For Pomeroy pere was an original in his way; but a very grim and stern original it was. And when:, unknown to all, Arthur left his old English home and his sisters in Greenfield Grange in the shires, and was suddenly missed about the same time from his familiar haunts at the club and in the Row,—when in short his forgery of his father's signature, to meet his own gambling debts, was detected, and the affair was hushed up, Arthur Allerton's father knew that in consigning him to the care of his cousin Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Australia, was placing his son in a severe school, where the penalty, but not the recollection of his lapse, would follow him. And this was "Jack's" history. Jack" he became, in name and designation, at Wilmagurra, and as " Jack" the reader knows him. And so Molly and * Jack * sped * gaily *on their * way. It had been a long and tedious journey; or, rather, it would have been tedious had not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Three hundred miles is a long journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from school are not the best travellers. But then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatter's daughter, and then Jack was such a pleasant fellow, and his flattery and evident admiration were very pleasing tp the young girl fresh from school in the present instance, so that when at last the old home station of Wilqagurra came in sight, and the familiar objects greeted her again, and her grim progenitor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flushed cheek—well, by that time Jack and Dolly had become great friends. Be it noted here too, that before their introduction to the reader these young people had never seen each other before, Dolly had been at school in Sydney for the last three years, and for a year and a half before that Jack had been far enough away on an out-station, so that they met almost as strangers. Gerald Pomergypere, must have been either a very wild or a very sedate person in his youth, There would have been no half measures with such a determined character as his. Now, his demeanor was severe almost to harshness, and his grimness only bent in the presence of his child. She was like her mother, who was dead, And the memory of her mother was the bright spot in old Gerald's life—an oasis ever green. Theirs had been a romantic courtship, romantic with all the old grave romance of the courtly days of (xerald's fathers. But it had its darker scenes, and in these his cousin Arthur's father had figured. But, when at last the former, still a young man, had bprne away his prize tp distant Australia, and went out into the country with the pioneer squatters to hew a new for= tune out of this new continent, he had thrown the past behind him, and left it with its dead- Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has npt seen those melancholy plots near the old home- stations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneerg is laid ? Every station has its little necropolis like this, and that green spot with the white 'fence, shaded by two giant eucalypti pn the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jacki and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, to the last- named, the one sacred spot in all the wprld. And Gerald's idol lived again in his daughter, For some days an unwonted briskness had enlivened the house. The festive Christmas season was approaching, and the old-country traditions of the family had bidden them make ready the festivities of the time. And, so there was life and bustle about the station, and Dolly's pheery voice and presence, like a ray of sunlight, gladdened , and gleamed through the gloomy ropms, with their oldfashioned furniture, as the servants lent themselves to her inexperienced direction, until, at last, the day was upon them. The house, by this time, was full of visitors, fpr Gerald had departed from his usual gustpm. to welcome his daughter boine? The Austniian mistletoe was hung, even. The Christmas dinner, with its toasts of Dolly's health, proposed by an enthusiastic young squatter from the country round, and drunk by all the young unmarried gentlemen of the district and adjacent township, was not gayer or merrier than the subsequent ball, where Dolly danced with most of her admirers, but, above all, and of truest, with Jack, For a few weeks after this the festivities and mutual visiting continued. But with the New Year the home-station re-settled down into its normal placidity, which Dolly may be forgiven for mistaking for dulness, and then the dull blank level of monotony commenced. With pleasure Gerald had witnessed his daughter's hearty participation in the season's festivities, and with misgiving he saw the approach of the listless langour which took its place. Now willingly enough the fact was borne in upon him that the life of the station was not lively enough for the young and active girl, but even then he found it impossible tp act pn his convictions. But Jack found his duties becoming daily less imperative, and daily he found more and more opportunities to indulge himself with the society of the girl whose temperament naturally sought the society of some one of her own age. Their intimacy deepened. With passive reluctance Gerald watched it grow. He felt for his daughter's loneliness, which, he told himself, was the result of his own selfishness. But his heartstrings had entwined themselves round the girl even more closely since she had returned home, and he could not bring himself to deny the luxury of her presence near him in his home. AM a compromise he permitted the society of his protege more than would otherwise have pleased him. And after the last of those Christmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took a decided turn. With polished tastes that had been a long while overlain by the rough station life of the bush, it was natural enough that Jack would seek the girls' congenial society. It was the first true reminder of the home life of his sisters, and of the graces of the world of fashion. It were well if facts had continued to connect his impressions of Dolly's society with the home life of his sisters I The girls' youthful temperament found congenial society in her new friend's graceful tastes. They sang together, painted together, read the same books together. They rode out together, attended by Dr. Oiby's groom, across the broad grassy plains whose surface rippled like the sea beneeth the breeze. It was pleasant to rein up their horses together pn the hill, and watch far beyond the tree-tops that surged and tossed beneath them, the bright flash and gleam of water, till the sun died out with a purple glow, suffusing all the scene with a halo of magic beyond all art of painter or of poet, in the calm Australian afternoon. And then to mark where the wind rose as the soft light died out, and its hurtling breath swept towards them athwart the tree-tops again, but fiercer than before,— on and on like the rushiqg of some mighty sea, with the thousand forest voices of bush and plains swelling up in that striking harmony of nature together, till at last swept round them, drowning their very voices, deepening in its volume, the full diapason of the storm I Or again, to ride by the river bank where the waters gathered themselves into long, deep, placid reaches, overshadowed by the great gums that threw their long shadows beneath them on the grass, in the peaceful eventide. All this was pleasant enough; and these rides and their congenial companionship were revelations to both. So what wonder tnat Jack commenced to cultitivate the decencies of social life once more, so that at last he almost felt like himself again in civilised garb, dress-coat and gloves. Such a state of things as this could have but one outcome, and it came like the culmination of an idyll. It was one quiet, memorable evening. They had just returned from a long ride, and the cool calm of the dying day had predisposed the minds of both to tender thoughts. Their ride had been gentle, and so, though resting, they were not fatigued. The natural lightness of both had been tempered just sufficiently to put them in harmony with the gentleness of the hoar. It was a purely Australian evening. The Ipvers—for such they were—sat by the window that looked forth over the expanse of country that formed the Wilnagurra Station. The moon had just come forth, " enthralled with silver rays." It was just one of those twilights so rarely seen except in Australia, when the light of day, and the softness of night are beginning to blend. Far away, the dark line of the hills cut sharply the blue sky, and the faint shadow of the softest sunset purple yet seemed to linger ere it died. It was one of those great Australian evenings when the spirit of the time makes up for the want of the traditional associations of older lands—when every rustling, leaf seems to whisper its pwn love tale, and every wandering breath of air is burthened with a sigh. The light streamed softly through the stained window, into the room where dreaming youth and enticing beauty sat together. It was the old, old story; woven anew from the Bame world-old woof, and with the same old familiar burden to the tale. " Tlie curtain of silk lias known whispers as tender As ever the blossoming hawthorn lias beard." A sigh—a whisper—an |embrace—and our lovers knew no more. And lip met lip, and sigh sped back to sigh, and love called unto love, deep unto deep, and the world-old tale was told again. * * * * * * * In the morning Gerald Pomeroy returned again to Wilnagurra. For three days he had been absent. In thpse three days a life was lived—and lost I * - * * * * * * Another Christmas. In a few days the anniversary will be upon us again. Again the home station rung with the note of preparation, and was marked by the confusion of haste. During the past few months from the date of the event just described, its circumstances had been often enough repeated, need I follow the decline, on one side, pf the passion, the progress of which I have lightly sketched. ? Postal communication between Wilnagurra and the metropolis, was not frequent. With favourable roads and weather, the Sydney mail reached the station once a week. Often the station was for weeks without its mail. One evening about this time, such an overdue mail arrived. Quite a budget of correspondence came to Dolly, which she retired to read. Girls' letters from old schoolmates, most of them, with kind seasonable wishes and Christmas cards, and the usual chit-chat pf girls. Dolly was deep in these, opntrasting the life of the past with the present, and dreaming innocently enough pf a happy future. A familiar tap came to the door. It was pushed gently open, and Jack appeared in the rpom with an open letter in his hand. With an expression which showed Dolly at once that he had received important news, Jack took possession of the cushion at her feet! and leaning on her knee, waited while she glanced over the letter. It was an English letter, in a legal hand. In brief set phrases it told Jack that his father was dead, and that his presence was required at home at once. With a sharp cry Dolly let the letter flutter tp the floor. Jack had Dolly already in his embrace. With many loving protestations he set the state of affairs clearly before her, and after many promises of a speedy re-union, he gaiued at length flier unwilling consent to their separation^ Jack left Wilnagurra next morning. The holiday making was blank and spiritless, to Dolly without him. Dolly Pomeroy never saw Arthur Allerton —"Jack "—in this life again. About six months after Jack departed, Dolly was sitting alone in her room, the same to which he had come to bid her farewell. She had been reading, but the book now lay turned idly downward pn her lap. She was day-dreaming, dreaming of Jack, when a letter was put into her hands. It was addressed in Jack's writing, and was enclosed in another, which bojre the Sydney postmark. Hastily opening the enclosure, Dolly read as follows Sydney, May 12, 1860. " My very dear Dolly.—Your note will be forwarded to you by a friend, after I have left Australia, I hope, forever. I hope, I need not say how delighted I am to write this. " Of course, in leaving Australia for my natural home, I leave everything behind me. Therefore, dear girl, with pleasant reminiscences of the past and thanks for the relief you have afforded to the medium of bush life in Australia. " Believe me, Your forgetfyl lover, "Jack." That was all. Dolly did not even cry out. Pressing one hand to her breast, to still the aching sensation in her heart, she mercifully lost consciousness, as her book and the fatal letter fell on the floor at her feet. She was found there, hours afterwards. The letter told her father all. Let me limn the immediate sequence with rapid touches. Gerald's worse fears were realised, but the reality far outstripped even the shadow of his fear. It was now some seven or eight months after the first decided love incident we have recorded,—since that fatal afternoon. Now that Gerald's eyes, so wilfully closed, had been «o violently opened, the state of affairs was but too plain. As I have said, Gerald Pomeroy was a grim, stern man. His daughter was a doubly sacred thing tp him. To have this holines desecrated by the son of his ancient cousin—enemy was v more than he could bear. Within a few weeks of his discovery, Gerald Pomeroy had sold his station, through the agency of a large Sydney firm. Long ere that Dolly had been conveyed to Sydney, and with a competent allowance, was left by her stern parent to the coldness of the world. Gerald Pomeroy sailed to England by the first home steamer. * * * « « * * My story is practically, finished. Two scenes |more, and my drama of real life is done. The stranger in Sydney was often arrested some years ago by the occasional passing along the streets of certain female figures, usually two together, distinctively and uniformly dressed. A plain dress, with a long blue cloak, depending from a straw bonnet or hat, entirely veiling the figure, and falling to the feet. The wearers look like nuns, or ladies of some devout order. About the year 1868, one of these blue-cloaked female figures was especially remarked in Sydney. The passers» by turned to gaze after the owner jof that sweet, pale face, and those sad, blue eyes, of which he caught but a glimpse as file ^Utted - unrestinglypast, a face and eyes that haunted the observer long after, for the sake ef the exceeding beauty, but subdued pain, they ex- Not a few turned and followed the face and figure that attracted them. These she almost invariably led to many a poor and humble dwelling, and thence, if they followed her patiently, to a certain long, ugly building in Macquarie-street — now fortunately palled down to make way for a more magnificent structure—and known as the Sydney Infirmary. For she was a hospital nurse. But sometimes the carious ones might lose her among those dwellings of the poor, where she spent most of the time not occupied in the sick ward, and most of the money that Gerald Pomeroy allowed his daughter. She would be lost for a time. But anyone following her into the last of these humble lodgings would perhaps have seen her, when her day was done, in her own room, and would perhaps have recognised in her, her clpak thrown aside and the long silky tresses of her golden hair escaping over her shoulders, sitting there as we saw her once before when a fatal letter reached her fated hands—might have recognised in her the Dolly Pomeroy of Wilnagurra Station, if not of Harrington House Sehoo But perhaps the latter would be better brought to mind by the bright-haired, blueeyed, blithe little thing of three years that made disorder among the playthings at the young mother's feet. As the child looks up, with its bright yellow tresses and blue eyes that reflect back her own, are we reminded of that young girl's leaving school, four short years ago, when she looked up with the same trusting smile, the same bright hair and blue eyes, to the face of another sitting by her side I * * * * * And the spoiler, what of him ? Well, Arthur Allerton—the handsome and debonnaire—has gone back blithely and with a light heart to the scenes of his youth, to gladden the salons pf the noble and the boudoirs of the fair with his handsome Saxon face and his faultless physiqus t to tell the old tale to others perhaps; and to settle down by and bye to the decorum of married life and a seat for the county. See him there, among the half-nude beauties of the ballroom, and contrast him as he glides softly and gracefully round the room with the loveliness of the belle on his arm, the envied of the fellows of his set and the favoured of the matrons. Contrast him now with the pale, sad figure in the white cloak, by the sick man's bed in the humble lodging, or passing swiftly along the Sydney streets. See him at his club—in his box at the theatre—at Ascot, Surely that fair young face and those frank blue eyes, and that openness of expression that makes him such a favorite with his friends, can no more cover a hard heart pf callous selfishness and ignoble deceit than it can bely the gauge it gives of a happy old age, with its love, honor, "and troops of friends I Poetic justice is dealt. Such things are always so with these handsome, heartless, husks of men. But not always, perhaps. Few know the owner of that closed office, ibo whose door the private cab of the handsome Arthur so pften rattles up. The principal is never there when Arthur draws the money for his extravagances, for his patrimony has been shared Tiy his sisters, and his portion was npt so large as it is reputed to have been. Had he known to whom his accommodating friend made his weekly report, he would, perhaps, have seen fit to dread the deep-laid schemes of vengearce of his victim's father. Fpr Gerald Pomeroy sits without the web which he has woven, waiting with grim and almost diabolic hate till his victim be well within his toils. Mas. STOWE'S little grandson, aged five, was reproved by his mother for swinging pn a neighbour's gate, and told that Mr, Smith would not lite it. "I don't care for Mr. Smith," said the urchin, " nor for his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is his." Willie," aBked his mother," do you know who wrote those wprds you use"so?" "I don't know, was the reply; "Grandma Stowe, [ e'pose. 