VICTCRIAN AMATEUR TURF OLUB MEETING. CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. [By Telegraph,] Melbourne. October 14. The morning broke very crisp and cold. D. Robinson was the first to make a move, giviDg Vivian two rounds on the innBr track. Merry Xmas, after cantering, went five furlongs at a fast rate. Cupola was sent strong work, going very determinedly. Connelly treated Friendless to three turns at fair pace, the horse looking very fit. Midnight was sent over tho jumps with McLeod up, and performed credit* ably. Novelette was doing slow work on the middle track. Higinbotham's charges, LeGrand and Capri, went three rounds on the grass at a good bat. Latter's gallop on Saturday did him no harm, and he now gets along [in better form. Eglintou, with O'Brien up, and Jessie, after cantering bowled along for half a mile, but the time was not fast, taking a little over the minute to do the trip. Batty on Ontario did one of the most useful gallops of the morning on the middle track, going over a mile very strongly. This horse, if allowed to start, will have a big look in for the Hurdles next Saturday. Yately was [sent along for a mile at fast work. He looks as well as anything, and goes with great freedom. Umberto picked him up and took him along, the cheBnut also going well. Deccan and Gilderoy, two jumpers, raced two rounds on the middle track, both going well, but Deccan cleared away from his com panion at the end, and did another round alone. Don Quixote looking very fresh, did good work. Gray had his string striding along on the grass, Tattler going two strong rounds; and Gasalierlooking and going very well. The others did slower exercise, Leek had Struggier doing strong work on the main track, the son of Argus Scandal getting over the ground very nicely. Keys brought out Rapid and Scaramouch joined him at the back of the course, but the Sydney horse overpowering his jockey, went a mile before he was Btopped. On being brought back they got away together, but passing the turn Rapid ran very wide, nearly coming to grief amongst some horses there doing walking exerciBe. Scaramouch Btopped after going a mile. Mozart then joined issue with Rapid and came home to the finish, the former being slightly in advance. This was the best gallop of the morning, one mile and quarter being done by Rapid in 2 mins, 16 sees., with ap parently his cup weight up, and covering so much ground as he aid, it was a good per formance. Scaramouch afterwards was work ing on the sand. First Pop and Violet cantered, and then came away from the five futlonge, Pop reaching home first, but the weights appeared to be in his favor. Melo dious, with O'Brien up, and Bohemian went a sharp spurt, the latter going another round, Kingfisher, Ghost, Miacio and Burra Burra were all doing moderate work. Grace Darling and Norfolk, after canteriog, went fast forthree quarters of a mile, stopping just after entering the straight. Norfolk was going very strongly, and could not be in much better form. David and Bargo can tered along, doing a medium-pace gallop on the grass. Ditto and Camerine. with O'Brien on the latter, were started galloping from the half-mile post, the mare not goiDg at all kindly, O'Brien having to jog her along. Ditto went the much freer of the two, the journey taking 55 b sees. Coriolanus was doing good work on the grass, he being last to put in an appearance. 