TURF TATTLE. By thb Staff. Hales has added four winning mounts to his record during the last week, making his total up to date thirty-two. a a Baity bas left for Svdnev. taking witb him the grey deoeiver, Yately, who is engaged in tbe Hurdle Race, Flying Handioap, and City Handioap. Ivncr, who won the Newmarket Handi oap on Malua, has purchased, u a result of that 75i&eo.; ride, a neat little villa residence at Kensington. # a Thb rumours of Le Grand's soreness do not appear to be very generally oredited, as any offers to lay fifty to forty against Mr. Wallace's oolt are eagerlyanapped np. Both Buckingham and Iolantbe are doing very well in their work, and the big matcuh for £1000 a-zide will, judging by present ap- pearanoes, result in a very oloee contest between the pair. CoaocorxoM will carry mora publio money than any other horse in the Sydney Gold Cop, and (unless one of Mr. White's repre sentatives is served np very hot after the Leger) will start first favourite. Fell Mbll, who has been expected to come out of his shell for a long time, bas been nibbled at to win a few thousands io tbe Sydney Cup, and is considered by his party to have a real good outside show. Tub Ghost, who ran almost unbacked in the Elsternwick Park Selling Raoe, was bought in by Mr. " Reid " for £76, of which tbe olub nets £56. The apparition, who will be heard of again, is most appropriately named, being by Hamlet out of Mystery. Voluptuary, the winner of tbe Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase, was, at one time, tbe property of Lord Rosebery, and ran eeveral fast races on the fiat as a two- year-old. Since then he has been gelded anu bcuuuibu uver icuueo. xvcouit, vrraou National win. At Elsternwick, on Saturday, a large amount oi speculation on the Hawkeebory Handioap (run the same afternoon) was in dulged in ; and, as neual, a number of bogus results of tbe raoe were circulated. Archie was made first favourite at three to oue, taken freely ; while about Empress, who started at five to two, eights to one were offered at Elsternwick. Aftxr The Ghost had been sold for £76 at Elsternwick on Saturday, adding £56 to tbe receipts of tbe V.T.C., Mr. Wee Yes very audibly ejaculated : "You'll find asellingrace pay you a long way better than tbe trot ting. What is there, by tbe way, to prevent tbe club getting up a trotting selliog race ? This would encourage trotting and bring grist to tbe mill at one and the same time. 1 com mend the suggestion to Mr. Tom Haydon. A private wire which I received last night from a " good man" in Sydney, ioforms me that W. Yeom&ns; has been engaged to ride Martini-Henry in both Leger ana Cup. Unless Hales is ill I can scarcely credit the rumour, more especially as I bavo a vivid recollection of the unjust manner io wbicb Yeomaua was blamed wben he rode Segeohoe. Our 8ydney correspondent seems to think that Colley will ride Martini-Henry in the Leger, although Hales has a big annual retainer from tbe Hon. J. White. » Ok the training ground at Randwick during the past week Martini-Henry tu been most erratic in his gallops. One of the must reliable oi tonts wires us tbat on Saturday tbe Derby and Cap winner, while being extended, swerved right across the course three timet- ; and, to nse 'our infor mant's graphic though slightly slangy de scription, he "chucked it up" repeatedly, and although Hales got him going again eaoh time, he went as unkindly as ever a horse could go, and wound up by rubbing Hales up against a post. Thb Hon. James White baa three borse engaged in tbe Sydney Gold Cup— Martini- Henry, Morpeth, and Despot, each of whom has been backed both straight-out and in doubles. Tbe most recent market move ment in connection with the blue-and- white representatives waa in favour of Martini-Henry, who has been backed to win a thousand or two at hundreds to twelve and fourteen ; although, strange to say he bas receded a couple of points for tbe Leger. Whether the commission executed on him for the Cup, on Monday, was for the stable is not known. A cohfabxsor between the number of winniog mounts obtained by Archer, the crack English horseman, as compared witb those gained by our own Tommy Hales, is interesting. Areher during last season bad a score of 232 wine out of a total of 631 mounts, whioh is rather more than a third Hales up to the present is oredited with 32 wins out of a possible 98, which is as nearly as possible a third, and is a better perfor mance than that of Charlie Wood, who occupies second place on the roll of winning English jockeys. Ivimy's average here this season is better than any of our other iockeys, bar Hales, though I fancy this will be considerably altered by the eod of the season. Altogether, the Mores oi onr jockeys bear comparison favourably with those of their English brethren, Power, O'Brien, Colley, and Williamson having eaoh better records than S. Loates, G. Barrett, C. Loatea, and E. Martin, who occupy fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh positions on tbe Eng lish lists of principal winning jockeys for the season just ooncluded. These statistics are reliable, and not altogether uninteresting. Hs is a backer of horses, aud, like most of his brethren, burns his fingers at tbe game occasionally. Onr friend has tried every oonoeivable system, from following a jookey down to the old martingale, with tbe same look of luck, aud now he it workiog on ooincidenoee. Driving out to Eleternwiok on Saturday, in front of a four wheeler, the conversation veered round from the state of the 8t Eilda-road, to the old bushrenging days ; and the oabby, who is a well- known old " sport" (who like his horse has seen better days), reoonnted bis enoounters with Gardiner and his reminisces oee of Morgan. Oar plnnging friend who had been religiously studying his card, ever on the gui vise for a coincidence which would give him a Rny as to whioh horse to back for the first raoe, suddenly interjected : " Ton fel lows have been talking about bushrangers all tbe way out, eo I mall beck Outlaw for the Hurdle Raoe. I believe in ooinoideuoee of this kind." He aooordiagly invested a "fiver" on Outlaw, who ran nowhere, but was compensated for the loss of his ooin by the faet that an outlaw, in tbe shape of Ned Kelly, did win the race, although he baoked the wrong one. For the next event he was determined to follow np his coinoi- denoea, and he hit npon Black Traoker as a natural sequence to Ned Kelly, and stoking a tenner won a score. What be did afterwards deponent knowsth not, unless his superstition led him to baok The Ghoet, who won the Selling Raoe. Mikbbax. Water, tbe winner of tbe Water loo Cup. on tbe uieht of tbe draw (Tuesday) waa quoted at 1006 to 12. After wincing two courses, and when tbe oardwascalled over on Wednesday, 18 tol was offered ; and on Thursday night, when ' only four dog were left In the stake, 4 to I waa ' taken and offered. For the deriding course on Friday 9 to 4 was laid on Mineral Water : beating Greentick. Last year's winaflt, Wfld i Mint, was quoted at 100 to l on tha night of the flaw. 