OUT FOB A HOLIDAY. [Br CHBIST0TH8R CUDDLEKID.] Somehow or other we never do seem able to catch a tram in time to catch a train, and when we do reach the station it is certain to turn ont to be the i one which isn't the one, and when we rash off to the one which is the one it is sure to be too late after all. Well, my dear, if you would not be so long rigging 1 np that article the dressmakers in an unconscious spirit of sarcasm style an improver we might manage to be a little more punctual. j Improver, indeed, who is it, I would like to know, that puts off shaving till the very last moment, and then finds out that Els razor wants sharpening. If I took as long over shaving as yon do over that confounded comb and brush shouldn't catch a train if the line ran through the back verandah. Confound those children; Where's my stick. I wish to goodness you would teach those mischievous monkeys common sense. They need to be taught it, poor things, for they do not inherit it from their father. Well, I'm sure they come in for a very poor legacy of brains from their mother. Oh! hold your tongue, why there's your stick after all where you tpnt it yourself when you came home; shows the state you were in. If you mean to insinuate that I was inebriated, madam, you make a mistake. There's my hicycle out there in the shed to prove how I came home. Yes, indeed, I have no doubt it can. A bicycle is exceedingly convenient at certain hours of the night for a man to lean upon as he walks home. I Now, you'll make me angry, so you had better nold your tongue and come along. There goes a tram. Upon my conscience unless you stand right between the rails and throw a brick through the window you can never get a tram conductor to see you when y-u want to get on in a hurry. Well, upon my word, I never saw such a grum bler as you. I wish to goodness you would not show your temper before the children. And your choice of expressions is not calcnlated to elevate the minds of your offspring. There was little Albert saying "Great Caesars ghost," and "By the piper that played before Moses," the other day. On f bother, they might say worse than that. Now) here's the train; where are yon going, first or Becond? There's that stuck-np Mrs. Toplofty, better get in a first when ehe's looking, and slip through to the second quietly." That's deception, my dear, and you know you always said we should Bet an example of openness to the children. Here we are at the Bay, crowded again. Why on earth people will come and squeeze, and crash, and fume, and nerspire in such multitudes to this wretched placet cannot for the life of me imagine. Every mncfcle makes amickle, or I mean every mickle makes a muck Yes, your'e right, they do make a muck; just look at the dust and dirt. I wish we'd never come. There's nothing to see bnt worn-out mothers nursing screaming babies, overgrown boys and hoydenish girls flying abont like BUttish cattle. Nothing to see; the finest etndy of human nature in all its bearings my dear. If there's any thin gl love to study It's bnman nature. It's a pita you have bo little of the material yourself. You ve about as much human nature as an alligator. I deny the allegation, and I scorn the allegator, Now, yon know that's not original. Never mind, its apropos. But the etndy of bnman character is the aubumest occupation for the philo sophical intellect that can come within the wide range of man's experience. Remember, my dear, " They never taste who always drink; They always talk who never think. My hopes, like towering falcons, aim At objects in an airy height; The little pleasure in the game Is from afar to view the Sight." Oh, bother your quotations 1—I never can under stand their application, and I don't think you know yourself. Of course not my dear. " From ignorance onr comfort flows; The only wretched are the wiBe." I'm not very cheerful mysell Now, look at that great hulking fellow over there, leaning against the verandah-post of the pier. That fellow, although he does not strike a square meal of meat more than once a week, and never heard of Shak speare (except as inspector of Nuisances) is a considerable deal happier than the Governor, although he never composed " Unfurl the Mag, and perhaps cannot comprehend the words. Now that fellow probably thinks he is writing his name when he makes a cross on the election panere; bnt be is the happier for all that. He doesn't get taken with a morbid yearning to write to the Register on the social purity question, the wines of Scr'ptnre (ficer- sheba would be nearer his notions), re local option. It interests him not a whit that France wants to crack China, or the Russian Bear have a slice of Turkey. Here the five minutes' bell gees and the happy pair hasten to the train and go grumbling home, and that's the way most people spend their holidays. 