CRUMBS. Venison. £5, or 14 days. Bank dividends. " Atlas" in gaol. Dr. Chown dead. A ravelled brain. Poor Fred Marshall. Mrs. Kiddie acquitted. Another victim of drink. Ministerial defeat so far. More South Sea outrages. Drew s case nolle prosequi. An infusion of new blood. Four old members rejected. Ashton wants a Post-Office. More oil on troubled waters. Cambridge won the bcatrace, A mobilized Salvation Army. 6,000,000,000 gallons of water. Bank of Adelaide 10 per cent. Newspapers direct halfpenny. Wheat market still depressed. McLaren is amongst the foBsils. " Australia for the Australians. Vandalism in the Botanic Park. Colonial meat and scarlet fever. The Suez is a twelve-knot boat. The Catholics gave a solid vote. A publican has drowned himself. Fair play for the Moonta miners. Another Society paper in trouble. Still raining in New South Wales. Mr. John Ciirrie going to London. Hyde Park fire more incendiarism. Another railway smash in Victoria. Monthly mails Northern Territory. Local option excitement in Sydney. Osman Digna on the warpath again. There are two lions in Sydney now. Calamity is a man's true touchstone. Another verdict against the C. P. W. Man and woman 14 years for robbery. Evacuation of the Soudau continuing. An empire mourns a Prince deceased 1 Victorian wheat average 14'09 bushels. New material for the next Parliament. Cheap cigars, rides, and drinks—Pole. Candidates preparing speeches for noon. The Botanic Gardens grow in usefulness. Tolmer's screw raised £60. What a sell 1 Cant is useful to provoke common Bense. Victoria won the intercolonial boat race. Frederick Marshall paralysis of the brain More smuggled cigars. The Chinese again. Journalist and bearer of secret despatches. He that hath knowledge spareth his words. Uoolwa wants that loopline without delay* " The hopes and fears of rival competitors." Orient Company refused the Government offer. Port Adelaide Mathematical Society vigo rous. Little boys should not play with dynamite caps. We had 1SG more births than deaths last week. Don't dun your debtors by means of post cards. Tattersall's Club to be moved to the Globe. Are our soldiers eqnal to an enemy 1,200 strong? . Mr. McEwin was disqualified—as a profes sional. Who is cracking the new marble pave ment ? Larrikinism by members of the Permanent Force. Another cause of discontent for the Ob jector. Affection, like the iron smith, shapes as it smites. Now comes the reckoning. The accounts to pay. . . .. Mr. F. Chappie Warden of the University Senate. An irruption of military titles and techni calities. Whyte-Yarcowie monopolizing the earth German warship Hyoene shelled two islands. What a showing-up the Wanderer gave the Zephyr. Pepper's Ghost is now haunting Auld Reekie. A man who snores in church .isn't fit for a deacon. Y.M.C.A. building is estimated to C0Bt £27,000. The liquor question is agitating the Queens landers. An extreme Protectionist at the bottom o the poll. Jas. Hawthorn will now be arraigned for murder. The Goolwa failed to land Troubridge Tommy. India fs now turning out " sweet girl gra duates." Monte Carlo gamblers suiciding. Happy thought. Another Coroner's committal for incen diarism. , Education cost New South Wales last year 482L825. Edmund Yates, of the World, four months for libel. The sequestration of Greig's estate has been ordered. Mr. J. H. Angas is not a supporter of the Ministry. More typhoid about than the public are aware of. Mrs. Grahlow committed to take her trial for arsor. Working man's candidate in a hopeless minority. Right Hon. John Bright is ill, but not seriously. Candidates have now to pay for their notoriety. A simple German lost £400 by the match box trick. Forgeries and divorces increasing all over Australia. As a defensive force our volunteer system is a model. Don't try to Stop a charge of shot with your back. Adelaide is not noticed in the Langtry agreement. The tyranny of labour over capital—ser vantgalism. Who is responsible for the beautiful Marine Board Act? Even an Easter volunteer encampment in Queensland. Northmore used to measure, now he writes, by the yard. More English capital to be invested in Queensland. Insure your premises, the incendiaries are still at large. The Bray policy is "misorably defective and meagre." The Glancus floated after lightering 200 tons of cargo. Lord Loftus leaves Sydney to visit Norfolk Island to-day. In spite of Mr. Henningthe Calca lands are to be resumed. Earl Euston has been unsuccessful in the Divorce Court. Those rowdies will have to stndy " Downes on Discipline." Bank of South Australia 10 per cent, divi dend 5s. bonus. Every one admires the garden at the Chil dren's Hospital. Six constables to remove a New Sonth Wales criminal. New advertising medium — backs of mashers sellers. Commercial Bank 8 per cent, per annum for the half-year. A prophet is not without honour save in his own country. Volunteers in New South Wales go into camp this Easter. The temperance Booth will be pitched iu Sydney on May 4. Deficiency on the gross revenue iu New Zealand, £i70,000. New Land and Loan Company has been floated in London. Messrs. Landseer and Stirling posed on Saturday evening. National Bank has taken up Fort Corpora tion loan of £4,000. New members generally support the Go vernment in office. Volunteer officers three months' mourning for Prince Leopold. There are flaws in diamonds, flies in amber, faults in every man. The C.S. Vice-Patron Royal Humane So ciety of Australasia. Masons in mourning for their late brother, the Duke of Albany. Mr. Buckle, 30 years of age, is the present Editor of the Times. Pull military honours paid to remains Duke of Albany in France. Thirty deaths caused by a succession of cyclones in America. Bank of Adelaide intend to erect new premises at the Port. The British Government still intend to evacuate the Soudan. New Zealand Government Life Insurance practically collapsed. Secure the return of the men of your choice bypersonal selection. The Emperor of Austria has turned printer. Chance for a " deviL" For that breach of promise James King will have to pay £200. Keep your feet warm, your head cool, and your conscience clear. A rap over the knuckles for the Port Vic toria Harbour Master. Another cargo of frozen meat in good order has arrived inLondon. Gympie is turning out gold now. Dividends during March, £59,215. There are several additional attractions at the Zoological Gardens. Is the Legislative Council obstructive on the Taxation Question 7 The "working man" is but the screen to hide personal ambition. Lord Bosebery appreciates the gravity of the recidiviste question. The Judges of the London Divorce Court fearlessly do their duty. Still experimenting with the sewers, and still the stinks continue. fiiddle, the Werribee Stationmaster, has been committed for trial. Three South Sea Islanders shot for stealing tobacco. More reprisals. Julius Winther acquitted for attempted incendiarism at Glanville. Again complaint as to the little atten tion paid to oyster culture. Dr. Scomburgk's last annual report worthy of the attention of farmers. " ' Queensland revenue returns for the quarter show an increase of £34,409. Australia's tribute to departed worth—a wreath of eucalyptus leaveB. Months' vermin destruction account Outalpa Station, nearly £320. The Salvationists new idea — "Going home" in a carriage and pair. It was understood that W. H. B. had tender feelings towards the Zephyr. A railway porter crushed on a railway line in Sydney on Saturday night. It costs New Zealand £3,835,486 to govern the 400,000 people it contains. William Redmond is as truthful about Aus tralia as he was about Ireland. New South Wales railways return 4J per cent, on the capital expended. Marriage is ever a mister-y, but anything is better than perpetual miss-cry. A mandamus has been issued against the Adelaide Bench of Magistrates. The C.S.and A.G. characterized opposition last session as wicked and cruel. Newspaper postage to England only bawLee. No thanks to Hughie. Lionising Tawhiao in Sydney now. What will they do with Mrs. Langtry ? Heavy floods in Sydney. Many places in Sydney and suburbs flooded out. The Bishops of Australia have been thanked by the Queen for their sympathy. Railway locomotive boiler burst in Vic tona; fireman blown out ot signt. Captain Gretton Bays our volunteers are ready to take the field. Hooray! Mai riages solemnized on the shortest notice and no questions asked at an end. W. Redmond's statement " a string of ex aggerations varied by falsehoods." The most effectual cure for juvenile smok ing—" palm" oil and elbow grease. The Marine Board report for last year is lengthy and bristles with statistics. Mr. Charnock went to London to get rid of colonial aff airs and cannot succeed. An Easter volunteer encampment in Hew South Wales. What.are we doing ? The new Governor of Victoria most appre ciated by those who know him best. Hostile Arabs around Khartoum increas ing, and the town is closely invested. The Pall Mall Gazette says Toryism is in course of a democratic development. A dog registrar for embezzling Goverment moneys has been committed for trial. Earl Rosebery is clearly the representative of Australasia in the House of Lords. Nome of the best men in the British Army are engaged upon Australian defence. An English Governor, garrison, and man of war to be left in charge of Suakim. One has heard of pianoforte gymnastics. How we are to have " muffled" music. To Candidates—Yon must either soar or stoop, full of triumph stand or droop. The Parnellites voted with the Govern ment over the County Franchise Bill. Numerous local wants formerly neglected being pressed on the Government now. The Turkish bath is becoming popular in Ireland, thanks to the Grand Old Man. Searching enquiry needed into the manage ment and discipline of the Police Force. The Wilson's Circus Troupe is now exhi biting a Burmese Tom Thumb in India. That old joker at the Observatory writes about a " faint in the bright moonlight." Barnard Murtha will have no fnrtber opportunities for improving his shooting. Having had enough of British troops, Osman Digna is going for friendly Arabs. Australian meathas catmed scarlet fever in the Blington'Workhouse Sohools. Yah 1 Mein Herr Schiller do you know that some people and their money are easily parted ? And there goes the last of the City Coroner's committals for arson—all ended in smoke. Kapunda people want to trade away one of their dams to the Railway Department. Dogs about streets at night in packs; will soon beat the dingo for number and noise. He must liave a joke, cvea in the last ton of those simply 'worded " nocturnal linees." Imperial Government accepted General Gordon's advice with regard to the Soudan. By the Orient steamer Cambodia 591 im migrants reached Sydney on Satnrday last. The Queen will leave England to attend the wedding of Prince Louis of Battenberg. South Australian stock-breeders making names for themselves throughout the world.. Sir William Jervois recently spoke to the Maoris in a picturesque, metaphorical style. Cyclones in America completely wrecked several villages and damaged much property. Hew buildings of Young Men's Chiistian Association in Adelaide to be opened in June. Ladies, beware I High-heeled shoes pro duce sore eyes, according to a learned ocu list. If a boy loses three fingers and a thumb off his right hand he haB still a complete hand left. England not likely to get frozen mutton from India, whose sheep are subject to small pox. "Glad to be relieved of onerous Parlia mentary duties," &c.;, &c.;, says the unfortu nate. The revenues of'all the Australian Colonies are in a healthy condition—with one excep tion. A dynamite balloon fired by electricity in the clouds is the latest novelty for producing rain. King of Abyssinia wants a port, and is going to have Massowah—if the British allow The Maoris prefer to lease their land. They have one eye on the land and another on the gold. Some contradictory evidence over the racing between the Adelaide and the Waira rapa. The Islington Board of Guardians ought to distinguish between preserved and frozen meat. Owner of scabby American sheep destroyed olaimB £24,651 from the N. S. Wales Govern ment. The Marine Board think light dues should provide the funds required for lighting the coast. General Mclver, the would-be leader'on an expedition to New Guinea, is coming to Aus tralia. Bridget Kennedy had a quarrel with her mother, and then hanged herself in the fowl bouse. C. P. W. ordered to pay £25 for a lire earned by live coals dropped from a railway engine. Mrs. Langtry will arrive early in August for a ten weeks' season in Melbourne and. Sydney. Victorian wheat harvest 15,499,143bushels; increase over pievious harvest of 6,717,689 bushels. Duke of Albany wanted to be the Governor ol Victoria, but his mother said he mustn't. Quarterly liability bonded debt account in two years has advanced from £126,000 to £144,000. Does the Crown Solicitor, like Mr. Justice Boucaut," prefer to struggle" in favour of the prisoner ? Searching enquiry, by Victorian (Jounty Court Juoge into the cause of the railway accident. Mr. J. H. Heaton, of Sydney, an officer in charge of despatches " secret and most im portant." Judge Molesworth and two assessors to investigate the railway accident on the Gee long line. Mr. Stirling says bad seasons and malad ministration have given us a deficit of £300,000. Will the University Council still |further extend the usefulness of our chief seat of learning. It is well for Job's reputation that he died before the Adelaide telephone service was instituted. Tawhiao and five Maori chiefs have arrived in Sydney en route to interview Earl Derby in London. Total clearances for the season at Port Pirie: — Wheat,. 1,231,181 bushels ; flour, 21,067 tons. Through the medium of the parcels post an important business in cut flowers is carried on in Italy. It was a bright idea to paint the railings in Victoria-Bquare when violent duststorms were about. The.Crown Solicitor thinks a great deal of the testimony taken at inquests is not evi dence at all A conjuror imprisoned for a month in flobart, and ordered to undergo a medical examination. C. E. Robin recommended as winner of the John Howard Clark Scholarship for Litera ture for 1884. Through the wreck of the ehip Daniel Steinman 120 persons drowned off the coast of Nova Scotia. United Methodist Free Church Committee have dispensed with the services of the Rev. B. P. Mudge. William von Panz, after a merry little time on the proceeds of fjrged cheques, has at list come to grief. The Vale of Doon, from South Africa, has brought a cui-pua, which appropriately re sembles a cat. In New Zealand they pay the Government Life Insurance Commissioner £800 a year for doing nothing. Workmen repaired tbe " permanent" way at Bomley Bridge by blowing up the line with dynamite. The defence question is assuming increas ing proportions. Does the Bray Government realize the fact? Where is the Town Clerk ? A North Ade laide cat has taken to fishing in the Torrens without a licence. Is £t not about tbe time for one ot our necessary periodical enquiries as to the con dition of the police ? Committee French Senate advise destina tion of criminals uuder the Recidiviste Bill should be kept dark. The expected net rentals of the Y.M.C. A for every year are £600, after allowing for ne cessary expenditure. Oh 1 Victoria! This is the second time a constituency has turned bim adrift upon an unsympathetic world. Rats, tandstikor matches, kerosene, and excessive insurances will account for a good many mysterious fires. Is what remains of that fence at,the corner of Angas and King William streets suffer ingfrom "senile decay?" Who will deliver us from the incubuB which is rapidly crushing domestic comfort out of existence—aervantgalism. The Queen has graoiously responded by cablegram to the message of condolenoe from tbe Victorian Freemasons. "General" Booth says the mission of the Salvation Army to India iB to the Hindoo and Mahommedan populations. A pair of genuine " old stockings," knit of lamns wool 2,000 years ago, have lately been found in an Egvptian tomb. , Sir Stafford Northcote and Lord Randolph Churchill are spoken of as " the incarnation of the opposing tendencies." Colonel Nugent, a leading authority on British fortifications, advocates unity in the matter of Australian defence. The Australian meat whicn caused scarlet fever in the workhouee schools in Islington was eent to the adult paupers. A " brick building" for an Exhibition I If we are to have one at all, let the thing be "dona decently, and in ordei." Never yon mind the crowd, or fancy lad, yonr life won't tell; the work is the work for a' that to him that doeth it well. Why should titles be borne by those whose right is constituted by their capacity to walk backwards and madly gesticulate. More land syndicates. The Duke of Man chester Chairman of a scheme for acquiring land near the Gulf of Carpentaria. If it is not made penal when parents refrain from sending children to school, we shall revert to the " order of the gutter. In New Zealand a scheme of Civil Service reform by classification, with regular promo tion by examination, is announced. Thet Licensing Bench have been " com pelled" to hear on its merits the application for a licence to the Excelsior Hotel. A workhouse schoolmaster has discovered that Australian meat causes soarlet fever amongst his scholars. Pro-di-gi-ous 1 The founder of the overland route to India neglected daring his lifetime to have a statue erected to his memory. This is fame. One witness said he did not approve of the steamer race; but the Wairarapa tempted the Adelaide and she could not resist. Young man at Murray Bridge had his coat ruined through a sporting friend of his shooting at it while he was wearing it. The Queen and an " anld wife" in a mutch may sometimes be seen at Crathie Church partaking of the Communion together. A Rochester engineer lately placed a brick on a boiler's safety valve. There were live vacancies for the unemployed next day. Fancy the world a hill, lad: look where the milUonB stop; you'll find the crowd at the base, lad—there s always room at the top. We know that a soldier is not amenable to the Civil power for debt, but" permanents" who participate in a " disgraceful melie" are. A £2,000 or £3.000 statue to be erected to the memory of the late Lieutenant Waghorn. Pass the money on^to his impecunious sisters. The New Zealand Premier says that colony only requires to keep the expenditure with in the revenue to ensure prosperity. "Ay, there's the inb." Sydney capitalists offer to subscribe half necessary money to test pearl shelling in the N.T. on a large scale. They want S.A. to give the other half. All candidates for parliamentary honours should be required to deposit £50, to be for feited in the event of a certain number of votes not being polled. Persons signing a memorial have a right to withdraw. Otherwise says Mr. Justice Boucaut thero would be no remedy against fraud and false pretence. St. Vaientincs's Day in England was re markable for the increased number of genuine love favours. Mock aud vulgar valentines are disappearing. Old Welshman of Glyndyfrdwy lately laid to rest in stone coffin; body tightly bandaged with calico, with black cloth hood, Grand Old Man collar, and black tie. A seaman on the Tannadice broke his leg. Captain Green set it, though never saw a limb set before; and Bhore doctor called the job perfection, and let it stand. Mr. John Eagan, Speaker of the New Jersev Assembly, has been sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labour and a fine of SOOdnllars for bribery. A "bitter cry" comes from Germany. Many of her blue-blooded aristocracy are now reduced to earning a living as cabmen, barbers, lamplighters, and coastguardsmen. Victorian Agent-General advised that nothing will satisfy the colony but the re moval from the schedule R&idiviste; Bill names of all the islands in the Western Pacific. Mr. Gladstone was introduced in the-panto mime " Blue Beard," lately performed at Edinburgh. The manager sent a photograph of the character to the which was conrteously acknowledged. They thought the man whom the whale gravevarded was Jonah till they found his breath smelt of cigars. They proved it was a newspaper man, when they saw a pencil stump, but no money in his pocket. When they took the sleeping Glasgow Jonah out of the whale's vast interior his left finger was found playfully resting on the side of his nose. When they woke him he made Masonic signs with his other fingers. Several scientists watched that Glasgow wag's disinterment from the whale's blabber, and the chief Professor remarked it was singular that the man when awakened should blabber and wail 1 It was his last joke 1 - A Tannadice Celestial was being searched by Customs officers for smuggled cigars the other day, and he observed, with an amiable smile, as the bundles were extracted from a verg baggy pair of pyjamas—"Me welly bad Holloway's advertisement appeared for the first time on October 15,1637. In 1842 his expenditure in advertising was 825,000; in 1845, 850,000: in 1851, 8100,000; in 1855. $150,G00; ana at his death it exceeded $200,000. He fonnd bis reward.' A man will burn his fingers lighting a cigar with a piece of paper- and make no fuss about it, but when bis wife asks him to set the tea kettle over, and he takes bold of the warm handle, he is mad enough to wreck the kitchen. The number of divorces in Scotland is in creasing. The average number for the ten years subsequent to 1864 was 35. For the following five years ending December 31, 1879, there was an average of 59. During. 1880 no fewer than 81 decrees were granted. - The expense of the "greatest show on earth"—Mr. fiarnum's, of course—during the last season reached the large sum of over £250,000 for 176 exhibition days. On the other hand, the receipts for six days at. Philadelphia were £20,000, for ten days ia Chicago over £30.000 was taken, and for single day performances the receipts averaged some £3,400. Mrs. Langtry, who has taken a house in New York city, is fumiBhing it in the highest style. About the first thing one notices on entering is several mosque rugs from Arabia, sent to ner by the Khedive of Egypt. These sare, in value, well nigh priceless, as they were brought from Mecca to the Khedive during the last pilgrimage of the sacred carpet from Cairo. This carpet goes out every year to be blessed, and is accompanied by a vast throng of 100,000 or 200,000 of the faithful. According to the returns of vital statistics for 1882, recently published, France' is. rapidly reaching the condition in whioh the births are only just sufficient to supply the waste caused by death. In 1882, as com Sared with 1881, there were 10,000 more eaths and 1,500 fewer marriages. Sixty years ago, under the Restoration, France would have doubled its population -in 112 years; at the present rate the doubling would occupy 267 years, but for the eteady immigration ■ of an enormous body of foreigners into the country every year. 