CHAPTER II. PEGGY WHITES FROM VICTORIA LODGE. "Victoria Lodge, St. Kilda, October 18. My dear old David—it is past 12 o clock, and I have wished everybody good night. I have locked the door of my bedroom, and am sitting here writing to you. My head is in a regular whirl, there is so much to tell. I am certain I shall not be able to write it all down to-night; but I had better commence, and get as much as I can of it over; if I left it to the last it would never be done. " 1 shall commence at the very commence ment—that is, where I left.oil last night, when I was going on deck to flirt with Cap tain SiinpBon. " I went, of course, and Captain Simpson was there, and offered me his arm, and we walked up and down for nearly half an hour, talking of all sorts of foolish things—it is wonderful how foolish the cleverest captains can be I—till I felt so tired that I thought I Ehould drop. But I was determined not to go to my cabin, and Captain Simpson spread some rugs on the deck, and I lay down on them, and he covered me up. I could not have lain there five minutes before I was fast asleep. " 1 slept the whole night through, and when I awoke it was daylight. Then I knew that I had been moved, ana that I was lying on what was really a comfortable bed which had been made up for me on a ship chair. " 1 think it must have been the sound of voices that woke me, for when I opened my eyeB the Captain and a strange gentleman were standing by the chair looking at me. "' She is awake,' said Captain Simpson. ' Miss Peggy1—that is what he and some more of my favourites were in the habit of calling me—'Miss Peggy, your arrival iB already known, and here is a gentleman who has come on board to see you.' " My heart almost stood still, for, of course, my first thought was that the gentle man was my daddy. "'To see you and to welcome you,'said the gentleman: ' permit me to assist you.' " He assisted me to rise, and I saw before me a gentleman—a very handsome gentle man, my dear, exceedingly well dressed— who told me be was an Italian (which I should have guessed from his speech) and a friend of my father. "' 1 know his anxiety,' said the Italian, ' for your arrival. It is great, very great j and hearing from my people that the Pride of the South had arrived, I sent at once a despatch to your father, and hastened here to be the first to welcome you.' '"It is very kind of you, Sir,' I said; and I thought if all my daddy's friends were such pet feet gentlemen as the Italian that he him self could not be very far from one. " I don't qnite know whether I was pleased or not at this thought. "' Kind of me !' exclaimed the Italian. 'Say not that. For one bo lovely what would not a gentleman be ready to do ?' "That wasn't a bad commencement, was it? I began to think that the stories I heard about the people in the colonies being such a rough and ready lot were all inventions, for certainly no gentleman in England could be more polite and more perfect in his manners than the Italian, who presently introduced himself to me as Signor Antonio. " ' Is my father on the eoldfields?' I asked. ' No, by faith,' answered Signor Antonio; ' that would indeed be strange and unpardon able when a daughter bo charming is expected to arrive. He is here in Melbourne.' " * Then I shall see him soon,' I said. "' Perhaps,' said Signor Antonio, looking out on the sea,' within the hour. He should be here on wings. I have sent my swiftest horse to bring him to the boat.' '"Haveyou known him long?' I enquired. " 'By repute,' he answered, 'for long, yes, for long; but in person only lately. It is my misfortune, for tne reason that he possesses a daughter so adorable.' " It was a beautiful compliment, wasn't it? And it was paid in a most polished style. "'Youmust excuse me, I said; *1 must go down to my cabin and call my maid.' " What I wanted to go to my cabin for was to wash my face and tidy my hair, which was hanging loose about my shoulders. "' A moment still,' said Signor Antonio; ' he will not arrive for many minutes yet. HiB boat can be seen a mile away. My eyes are clear; it is not in eight. Captain Simp son will pardon a word in private.' "Captain Simpson bowed, and Signor Antonio drew me aside. "'May a stranger,' he Baid, 'who ™ devoted to you—as all muBt be who are privileged to address you—speak without fear of neing misunderstood ?' "' Certainly,' I replied, as curious to hear what he had to say as he appeared anxions to pay it; ' von have shown yourself ex ceedingly kind and attentive, aud what you say will be as from a gentlemen to a lady. "' It is that, it is that,' he said, very ear nestly, 1 which emboldens me to say what might otherwise be_considered strange in an acquaintance so brief. It is because I see a jaay to accomplished, when in your place— pardon me, but you will in time more clearly understand—I might not have been surprised to see one 'who had no claim to the title—it ia because it is as it is that I am bold to speak. You have never seen your father.' " ' Never,' I replied; ' when he left England 1 could have been scarcely a year old.' "' Be, then,' he said, ' not astonished, if in your mind you have formed a picture of him—Bay of the figure of a gentleman'— " I interrupted him by saying that I had certainly thought of my father as a gentle man, which, between you and me, my dear, was not at all the case, for I had formed no opinion whatever of my daddy. How could IT "' Then I was right,' said Signor Antonio, 'and it is but kindness to prepare you. If in your father you behold one who is rough, who is uncultivated, who has not moved in polished _ society, wound him not by pro claiming it in your reception of him—wound not yourself _ by grieving. He is rich—let his gold be his title, and if m your heart there is a grief because he is outwardly not all you wished, let it not hurt you; take it not too deeply, and do not give him pain. That is all. Were it not that you have impressed yourself here—he laid bis hand upon his heart—1' were it not that it has cansed in me amazement to behold the difference between a father and his child, and that I wished to prepare that child for a disappointment that might inflict a sudden pain npon her, I should not have dared to speak as I have spoken. Will you accept it of me in confi dence, and as from a friend T It need not be divulged. You will discover for yourself very shortly whether I have misrepresented or spoken what is true. Say that I am for given.' " There was no harm in forgiving him; he had certainly rendered me a service by putting me on my guard, and I was secretly very mncb obliged to him. "' And yet one more word,' he said, before I left him; ' there are in a gentleman the instiDcts of a gentleman; there are in a lady the instincts of a lady; they belong to our class, and those in a lower station cannot understand them—cannot sympathize with them. Therefore it is that there iB sometimes a misjudgmont of motive—because of the want of sympathy—from the lower to tne higher. I will not be more plain; I am in your hands, ever devoted to you, ever ready to serve you. Think it not sudden this interest in you which stirs my heart. I am an Italian, and, in my own land, noble—but this is a secret which I confide to you, for I do not wish it known till the day comes, which will be soon, very soon, when I can assume my rank. We are born under a warm sun, which makes us quick in our love as in onr hate. In my beloved land the flower blossoms quickly; blame it not, it iB its nature; and blame not me who yesterday had no reason to suppose that his heart would have been warmed so suddenly.' " There was something very captivating in all this, my dear; it was reially a new and delightful experience, and so entirely unex pected in the ciroumstanees in which I am placed that I was positively charmed with it. Then I thought—having some kind of vague idea of what might happen if all did not go well—that Signor Antonio might prove useful to me, should I need some one who would go through fire and water for me. It was de cidedly best to keep him on my side, so I allowed him to kiss my hand and went down to my cahin. "There I found my maid Madge still fast asleep. I roused her very quickly, you may be sure, and she assisted me to beautify myself—which I flatter myself is not very difficult—and before an hour was gone we were both on deck. Signor Anton:o, when he looked at me, looked as if he would devour me with bis eyeB, there was so much admira tion in them. I have certainly made a great conquest, and I shall make use of it if I find need for it. And you, my dear, can be as jea'ouB as you please. " It was now nearly six o'clock, and if it bad not been that I was almost eaten up by other anxieties I dare say I should have en joyed the beautiful and novel scene in which I found myself. I shall not attempt to describe it, there is so much that is more important to write about. '"I see,' said Signor Antonio, 'a boat, and it is comiDg towards us.' " Madge and I were standing side by side, looking over the bulwarks. I call her my maid, but we are more like friends than mistress and servant. Captain Simpson was close to us. " ' Lend me your glass,' said Signor An tonio to him, ' and I can inform Miss Mar guerita if that boat contains her father.' '"Miss Marguerita! What a way these Italians have of speaking! They can put poetry into anything. I felt as if I was the prima donna in a grand opera. " Captain Simpson gave Signor Antonio the glasB, and he looked through it, and handed it back to the Captain. " 1 Your father is coming,' he said. 'Pre pare yourself.' " My heart beat more quickly; I had looked forward to this moment during all the voyage, and you had endeavoured to school me how to behave. But I could not prevent my heart galloping for all the world as if it wanted to jump clean out of my body. There were two men m the boat, and I wondered which of them was say daddy. '"Which do you think, Madge 1' I whispered. '"Ican't tell,' she answered; 'they're neither of them very handsome.' " She was quite right there, and as the boat came nearer I didn t know which I should choose if I bad the choice. Well, to cut a long story short, the two men climbed up the side of the ship on to the deck, and Captain Simpson and Signor Antonio went to meet them. Madge and I stood quite Btill, close to each other. I could do nothing else. I couldn't rash with a scream into the arms of a iran I had never set eyes on; it would have been too absurd. Besides, I shouldn't have known which man. One had a red, pimply face; that was against him—but he was decently dressed; that was in his favour. The.other looked quite old and anxious and common—I can't help saying it; there's never any barm in speaking the truth. I don't think he had stopped to wash, for he lcokcd as if he had just tumbled out of bed, with his hair hanging in disorder about his forehead, which was creased with anxious lines. He limped as he walked, and his shoulders were not a match; and what did not improve the matter was that he had stuck some large flowers in his blue flannel shirt. YeB, my dear, that waB how he was dressed, in a blue flannel shirt, open at 'the breast, with moleskin trousers and great nailed boots, just as the navvies dress at home. I never in my life saw anything so much out of place as tne flowers he had stuck in bis Bbirt. I muBtn't forget to tell you that he had a leather belt round his waist, and that I saw the handle of a knife and the butt end of a revolver sticking out of it. But I must say one thing for Him ; he held in his hand the most beautiful bunch of roses that ever were plucked. "Well, my dear, it was this man who, after a few words with tbe captain, came to wards Madge and me, And what do yon think? Shaking all over, and trembling from head to foot, he gave the bunch of roses to Madge, and quavered, "' Peggy I' "You might have knocked me down with a feather. "No, no,' said Signor Antonio, hurrying forward, and seizing the old man's arm,' you mistake. This is your charming daughter.' Pointing to me, and taking the bunch of flowers from Madge at the same time. " The old man turned at once to me, and opened his arms, saying, in a very trembling voice— "' 1 am almost blind; I couldn't see 1 " And it is a fact that his eyes were filled with tears. " Well, when he opened his arms Ifellinto tbcni, and murmured, " ' Are you my father?" " Yes,' he said, ' I am your father, and you're my Peggy, sure—yes, you're my Peggy —my Peggy!' . " Can you imagine a more awkward position for a girl to be placed in ? I can't. " All this time he hadn't kissed me, so I ih ought I had better kiss him j and when I did kisB bim he burst out sobbing like a little baby, and it didn't improve his looks I can tell you. Fortunately for me—for I didn't know what next to do, with all people staring at us—Captain Simpson came up to us, ana said, " ' Perhaps you would like to go into my cabin; there's no one there.' " And he led us to the state room, where Captain Simpson and I had often sat and chatted during the voyage; and there my daddy and I were quite alone. " What do you think waB the first thing he said to me. " 'Yon wouldn't have known me, would you, Peggy?' " ' No, father,' I said; ' how would that have been possible?' " ' Father, father 1' he said, softly, just as if be wbb speaking to himself. ' To hear my child, my Peggy, call me father! How often I've dreamt of it, hardly ever daring to hope it would be ! The good Lord be thanked— the good Lord be thanked 1 No, no, Peggy, it wouldn't have been possible for you to have known me; bnt I should have re membered you anywhere, yes, anywhere tbe wide world over 1' " That was a good hearing, wasn't it? " 'I've been in mortal fear, Peggy'—and he kept on repeating ' Peggy, Peggy, as if it was something nice to eat—'Pve been in mortal fear, my little one'—(to tell the truth, Dave, he said, ' Little 'un,' but I wouldn't attempt to spell tbe words as he Bpoke them)—' I've been in mortal fear lest some one else might lay claim to you, and that seeing me as common as I am, you would refuse to acknowledge me. For I know I am common, Peggy; but if you can overlook my being an or'nary man, and a common man, ana an ignorant roan, you won't have, much to com plain of my dear.' " I told nim, of course, I would overlook it, because he was my father, and that I would do my best to improve him. " 'That's it, Peggy,' he cried, ' that's it; improve me all you can. There's lots of rcom for it, and you'll find me willing to learn. And if I'm slow—being so old, Peggy, and so grounded in my ignorant ways—you'll overlook that, won't you, Peggy ?' " Yes, I said, I would overlook that, and that we would both try to do our best towards each other. "'That's it,' he said, " we'll do our best to each other. There's one thing I ain't got to learn, and that's to love you, my dear. I've done nothing but think of you day and night since I come across the shadder of the Sacred Nugget. Will she know me ? I've asked my self again and again. Will she love me—wul Bhe open her arms and her heart to me, or turn her back on me because I am so com mon ? That's been my fear, Peggy, as well as another—that the ship might go down and drag you from me tor ever and ever. But all that's over now: you're here safe and eon iid. and nothing shall ever part us ?' "' Why, what could part us, father,' I said, •iiow that we're together? I didn't cume all these thousands and thousands of miles to talk of parting. " ' All,' he said, ' and what a thing to do— vliat a brave thing to do! There ain't another girl in the world that'd do it, in my belief—no, not another! Have they been good and kind to you, Peggy, aboard this blesEed Bhip—for there was a blessing on it v hen you come aboard—have they been good and kind to you?" " 'Yes,' I said, ' they have been very good and kind.' They shan't lose by it,' he said, 'I'll see to that. Whoever's kind to Mike Patchett's daughter will have good cause to remember it.' " And then be began to cry again and to say, crying all the time, everything he had lie- n eaying already. I may as well tell yon here at once that my daddy is as Ignorant as ignorance can be. He says 4 nothink* for 4 nothing,' 4 gal* for 4 girl,' 4 shadder' for 'shadow,' 'arks' for 4aBk,' and commits a dozen blunders in grammar every time hs opens his mouth. No decent girl would look at him a second time if he wasn't rolling in money. Presently he noticed I hadn't got the flowers he had brought for me, and he went out of the state- room to fetch them; and when I put some in my bosom and my hair his face was a perfect picture of delight. "'I've got such a deal to tell you,' he Baid, ''that I don't know where to commence first. It'll have to come out bit bv bit; there's plenty of time before us. There's only one thing I regret in this here meeting, and that is that my friend, Mr. Horace, ain t here; he'll regret it himBelf, too; but he was away at the time I heard of your arrival, dining with some swells.' 44 4 rve seen one of your friends,' 1 said. 44 4 Ah,' he said,4 who's that?' 44 4 Signor Antonio.' 44 4 0, the Italiano. Yes, it was him as sent Spotty for me.' 44 4 Spotty!' I exclaimed. 44 4 The gentleman as come with me in the boat. It was a bit of kindness I shan't ioiget in a harry. So the Italiano came to see you I' " 4 Yes, and has said ever so many pretty things about you.' 44 He seemed a little surprised at this, and said, 'Well, I shouldn't have thought it; but perhaps I've been mistook in him. 44 4 He is a gentleman,' I said. 44 4 Is he 1 Well, you're the best judge of that; and I'll be guided by you, my dear. If you say the Italiano's a gentleman, a gentleman he is and must be. But for a real out-and-out gentleman, a regular tip-topper, Mr. Horace stands alone, and if you don't say so when you see him, you wiu surprise roe! 44 This, my dear Dave, will give you a pretty good idea of the conversation between roe and my daddy in the state-room. 1 can't write everything down; it would take me all night. •4 When we got on deck my daddy went up io Captain Simpson, and said, 44 4 My Peggy a been telliDg me of how kind you've al) bven to her aboard this ship. I'm uncommonly grateful to you.' "' W e're an commonly grateful to her,' said Captain Simpson, laughing; 'she's been the life of the snip.' '"Ah, that she would be.' said my daddy, very proudly; 'there ain't many like her.' "'She's one in a thonsand,'said Captain Simpson, shaking hands with me, and when she takes a trip to old England I hope she'll engage a berth in the Pride of the South.' "' 1 promise you, captain,' I said. "Jnet then a little incident occurred. There had been a testimonial got up to Cap tain Simpson for his kindness to the passen gers, and for having made such a wonderful trip. We had all signed our names to it, and haa subscribed a purse of eighty pounds with which Captain Simpson was requested to buy a gold watch or a piece of plate as a memo rial of the voyage. A gentleman came for ward to present this testimonial, and a num ber of the passengers were present to show their respect. Hearing what was to be done, Captain Simpson asked the passengeis into the saloon. As we went, my daddy got the particulars of the affair from me, and asked me how much I had subscribed, and I told him one sovereign. You may guess bow sur prised I was, when the names of the sub scribers were read out, to find that my name was down for fifty one pounds. My daddy had quietly given the treasurer fifty pounds for me towards the subscription. Every body looked at me, of course, and I became quite a great personage. I was both glad and sorry. Glad because it was a proof that mv daddy had plenty of money and was inclined to be liberal with it, ana sorry because I would rather have had the fifty pounds in my pocket. I didn't like to see my daddy throw away his money like that. " My daddy had been busy in other ways, too. The boat be and bis friend called Spotty bad come in was being decorated with flags. "' We'll row you ashore,' he said to me, ' as if yon was a queen. And my Peggy w one—as good as the best that ever wore a crown,' "I muBt not omit to tell you what took placo with respect to Madge. My daddy asked me about her, and when be heard that she was my maid, and that I was very fond of her, he is so extraordinarily and effusively grateful to everybody that I say a good word forthat I believed be would have kiBsed Madge if she had let him. When we were in tne boat rowing ashore I was very grateful my self, I can tell you, to think that the first meeting was over, and that everything had passed off so well. I don't mind confessing now that I had often been very nervous when I looked forward to this meeting. I feel pretty bold at present, and perhaps it is quite as well that my daddy is an ignorant and common person. Unless appearances are very deceitful I shall be able to twist him round my little finger. I am safe for some time at all events. Not a soul in the iriace knows me, and it isn't at all likely that . shall meet any one in this outlandish country who will claim acquaintanceship with me. " It was an exceedingly agreeable water trip from the ship to the Bnore, and £ should like one such every day; for what did my daddy do presently but pull out of his pocket what I knew the moment I saw it to be a jewel case. "' Take off your gloves, my dear,' he said, and I did do with considerable expectation. "Then from the jewel case he took three of the loveliest diamond rings you ever saw, and by good luck they fitted me. When I kissed him for them he was pleased at first, but tbe moment afterwards he looked grave. "' I don't want you to love me for the pre sents I give you,' he said; ' it might make Mr. Horace's words come true, though he was only joking.' "' What was it the gentleman said ?' I asked. '"That a man could make any woman love him if he gave her plenty of diamonds and silk dresses, and such-like things.' "' He must be a very disagreeable gentle man,' I said, 'and can know very little of women. I think I had best begin to hate him at once.' "' Ah,' Baid my daddy,' but you musn'tdo that. He was making fun of me because I was afraid that my little Peggy wouldn't be able to love a common man like me. No, you mustn't hate him; I never knew a man so fond as he is of saying things he don't believe in.' " But I made up my mind, for all that, to hate this Mr. Horace. I took the rings off my fingers (feeling almost sick as I did so at the thought that they might never come back), ana offered them to my daddy. "' I don't want them,' I said;' I only want yon to love me.' " He looked as if he was going crazy for joy. ' Put them on again, quick,' he said,' or I shall be afraid you are angry with me. I don't deserve such happiness, and when I dreamt that it might be I hardly dared to believe it. But it's come true, and I'm the happiest man living this bright morning I Here, my girl'—and ne pulled out a diamond bracelet that made me turn as white as a ghost and then as red as a poppy, it was such a magnificent affair—'this is for you, and theree other things at home waiting for you. No lady in the land shall be better dressed than yon, or shall have finer diamonds than you. It'll make me proud and happy- to see you wearing them. God love you, Peggy— my Peggy, my own little girl that I've never left off thinking of! All my good luck is for you, and you're the best bit of luck of all 1' "And now I must positively leave off writing. I'm regularly tired out, after this exciting day, and shall sleep like a top." 