SUNDAY LABOR It iii uriibfactory t) note that atb.thth) d(putAli:ui from the Working Mod's Lords Dy Host Society to tho lliilway 0.<mmis- biocers yestotdAy uo-uiug, aud tho mooting of citizots iu thothoLiouuiia tho Aftoraoon, the tono adopted was prudoat atd moderate, and tbo demauds fair And rosto rable. The question as to wbott or Eanday traits ahouli bo 'an or not will remain a s "vexed" os tho Bermudas ft r many a lorg year to oomo. Tbero aro thnso who Qcn&idor; that to tun thorn iswiokedani eiofol, nod there bio th-. so who rrgard them as desirable meats for tho cnoourogo nent nf (but innocent enjoyment which many might not othorwiso bo nblo to obtain. But on one point all moderato mi n nro ogrood, and that is, that Suuday labor should bo mioiminsd as much as p:siublo, Tho anomaly ol ranning tiatns to and from ono suburb, and no, another, ol enabling tbo inhabitants of one district to travel ou Sunday, and loavicg others to (ho option of staying at home, or walking, is, of oauiso, tho ealiont foaturointh) ptcecut system which led lo tho disemslon in Failiament, and justice and oquitydomsud its alteration. But tho policy which rsmm mends iteolf to all, and whiob has bsou conristently and ptraislontly advooitoi by Tub Ukbaup is, that tboro i-u.i. ba no moio Sunday labor than is absolutely nioesaary for publio aoavenieno. Vested rights will, 111 doubt, forbid any Itgidativa iuiorfeiouo with private omployora; and, indeed, como 0! our wealthy ohurch- goora might fisd it highly icconvjniout, however weltomo it might ba to John waiting on tho box in Collies street, wbilo his 11 cunnior " an! richer employer is asking for moroy as a 1 miserable s liner " iniico. But io ovory bianch of tho Government sirrico tho day ol rest should to roapootid to the utmost oxtoat consistent with tho pnrposo for which th) eoivica was initiated. That Sunday traias will over bo abriistc! b:ro nllogclhor, i?|inorq than any Scoioty aau oxi>ool, but thuy should only bo ran where ncoeesary. No man .should be oompellcd to w.rk ageiast bis conscientious eoroplcr. Thojo who are willing to work should bo psid extra for diing h>, and uc Governmont servant shonld bs allowo! to work on moro tbau six days. Saoh is (ho policy of Tub Herald, and suoh alto is tho policy of commcu ecneo 4ni humanity, A Router (olegram in another oolamnotitos that tbo intclIi«enoo reapicting tho hoisting of (ho Gorman flig over tbo Islands cf Now Britain, New Ireland, (he Admiralty Islands, and a part ot the North Oorst of Now Guinea, has bsoo officially aonfirmed. According (o Renter, the Spanish Govern ment havo at last sigcoi a treaty with Grat Britain, wheroby tbo lattar is to bo plaosd on tbo footicg ol Lhemost favoured nation aa soon as tho English Customs duty on wino is lowcroi so aa to ado.it wines ol 30 dogrsos of alooholn strenglh at the lowor rata ot a shilling a gallon' In this discimit n Australia i» directly con cerned, Some of our bsst winea ara practioalty excluded by the imposition of a hati-a-orown daty— 5d per boitla upon all win's alovo 2G degrees c! Blroigth— which bae been charged hitherfo. Even Howsivoril of our finest wines will b: subjected to a higho: duty, notably onr Australian prt, onrFrontig- nac, (ho wines from tbo warmer districts adjacent to the Murray, and nearly tbe whole of ttc primcst South Australian vintages. But what matters Australia eo long as Spain ii pleasid. Tho dynami'o rciro at Windsor tarns oat to havo to foundation, A Rector tvIogr&mstAtQB; ttmt tno nox wbich was supposed to havo baen an "Icfernal Machine" turnod out to ontalu a lot of fishing winches. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch and Lidy Lob, and throe of their children, accompanied by Vieoount Oastleroase, attiMfe-ttnup, paid a visit to-day, to tho rs'abliibment ot tho Vic torian OiQfeoticmry Ccmpsny, Prlnoe's Bridge. The visit was made at the saggeition cf (ho Obqmbsr of Mmnfaotaras, and His Excollenoy after (he holidays will visit in torn the principal factories about the oity. Ia tho comae of the impaction it was mentioned to His Excellency that the value of Viotorian manufactures lut year amounted to over L14 OOO.OOO, A few particulars of to-day's inspection are given in another column, Tho Orirnt mail steamer Austral, wbich was sunk iu Sydney harbor some time sino9, is due at Adelaide any moment, and is expeoted to reaoh Hobson's Bay lats on WoJnosday evening or early 03 Ohristmis morning, She bits n fall complement of pa&sjngers; in all clodses, r nd a heavy mail, A statement has boen made that Professor Per.rsor, M.L A,, intends go!ng to Eogland, and will not return to tbo colony, and that ccmtquentiy the seat for East Bourke Bo- ronghs in the Legislative Aisombly will be come vacant, We learn, on tho best authority, that the statement fs erroneous, Prcfosso? Pearscn will, early next year, pya short visit to the old conntry, bat wiU return io about five months, and ho will not resign hie teat in the Assembly. Coming candidate for the seat mast thereforo "bide a woe," For some weeks past snggostiors bavebeon made through the prese and otherwise that tho Railway Oommlseionere Bhonld ran trains on Sunday, the 28th Inst., in order to give holiday seekers an (xtra day in th) country. As it is, those who have to be at business cn Monday morning must rotnrn on Saturday night, wbu\ar, if facilities were provided on Snnday, tliey wonld gain the extra time The Railway Csmmisafoneri, however, do not sse their way olear to accode to tbo pnblio wishes, It ia understood that nominally tho exoasa is that tbe necessary arrangements oonld not be per fected In time, but it io pietty evident that Mr Speight and hie orileaguesdo notwanttotonoh an ythicgoc unacted with tbe Snnday question before they are forced t) do so. Some comment has been mado rogardiog the manner in which the railway acoidont fnsuv- ence hnsincta has beensottladby th-j Riilway OcmmtEalcnere, Wo havo made inquiries into the matter, and ( (lad that the Com missioners, alter deciding upon the introduction of the system, asked all tbo colonial oompinie) transacting aosident ioanranos basineis to sond in tenders. Fivo ocmprnit8 tendered, and on examination tbe Commistioners found that ths terms of tho Accident Insaranoe Asiooiation ot New Zealand wore tbe mi st favorable. The rates are— for L1000, payable at death, or L3 per week for twtntr-»ix weeks, if disabled, 3d per day; for L500 payable at death or L2 per week for twenty- six weeks, if dis abled, Id per day, A sim of L5O0Q has been depi sited with tho Railway Cotnm'stionora to meet !csa;s. The ismo of tioksts will oom- monco on tho let January naxt, It will ba seen from the above that the general iasuraaoa companies were njt asked to oompste lor the buainesi, Dr Youl bold nn inquest to-day on tho body ol Ann Uren, f»2«d 07 years, who died enddenly onboard the eUamer AdeLide yesterday. The deceased was tho wife o! a gentleman of inde pendent mern mar Adelaide. Tho oauia of do&tb; war sarons apoplexy, and tho jury found a verdict accordingly. Tco body will be seat to Adelaide to day, aeoording to instructions rooeived from tho decoasoi's husband, end Mr Bleigbt, undertaker, has made all the necorsary arrangements, It fs tbo intention, we nnderrtand, ot tbe management of the Bourke street Oofloo Palacs to open on Cbrhtma day, and if the experi ment proves a sncceis it will bo oontinued on \- Sundays for tbe fntnie, The following aro the readings by Grmnt'a ' iaibumente:— Barometer, 30,100, rising j hoat. In sun t) day, 12 coon, 111, The hlgheet raid ing ot Gaunt'i thermometer in tho shade, Boaike stroet, yesterday, war 08, and the lowest from 9 a.m. yostorday to 0 a.m. tedey, 45, Tho higbost rending iu can yesterday wm 100. An icquoet was bold by Mr Candler at Brighton this morning upon tho body waehod upon Stinrdfty, which hns boeu prouounoed to 1 0 that ol Mr William Maodonsld ltiowno, who left on a yachting trip with his brothor . and another young man on tho 18shii'et., and wan not afterwards tY?ert nlivo. It npi>0brcd from Ihoovliltnootha'. tho thrco went out intending to firh from tho yacht on Stimday m'ght, and proceod down tho Bay next (Sunday ; that a 'ynoht answering to tbo disoription of tho mlsiing n o wi b tern from Famketcn taohiug towards Momirgtm, but (hat nothing more wnssasnof her, Tho yocng man Murray, who was ono ol » ho party, wan a good yachtsman, and bold a mate's oeitiiicatc, but it nppoars that the oifcoTBbnd hnd!loeo exixstionco ill (bo manago turct of bunts than In had, The loft arm of ths dcomsod wav u.imicg, havicg evidontly boon bitten (Cf by a shark nud tho gene ral condition of tho body mado reorguition almost imposslblo. tho olotbosalono furuiohing tho meoni ol positive idontiQoatiou, Tho heart was ruptured, and this in tbo cpl&ion; cf tho doctor was osusodby immoreion in tho water, bat ho failed to dls cov.r tbo crdinary olgus of doath from drowting. Tho father of tho doooassd who is a Spiritualist, was abontto oxplolo to (ho Coroner tho mcdo in which tho death of his son occurred, ho having it apponrs boon visited l y tho spirit of tbo yonng man bIiico hii do tour, bnt Mr Oaudljoousidorsd he oonld not rcceivo tlii as evidofll. Tho jury found that death was oamed by drowning, bnt that thero was no dircot ovidonoe to rhow how tho do. ronsed got tu'o tbo wator, It has boen the praotlse hithorto for the City Conceit or tho Bard of Land and Works (o lenso tho right of mowing all grans lands in prrks and gardens andor their control in tho oity and suburbs/ This yoar, for eomo reason or tho other, this was not done. Formor leaifGs now oomplain that cortAin officora having control ovor the gardens, dopastnro tbeir own animals froe of cost to thomselvo ; at any rate, laet wosk, two or throo horeoi were to bo soon wildly gAlbping abont in tbo Argylo Gardcm in Lygon strcot, Thess gar- dons woro onoo reforrod to as " hoalth spot- of tho city," and as snch were for somo time tnken advantigo of by ths children of rosi dents, and eboald bo still maintained for th) same purporo. If eo, tho " gta/.ing" of oattld should bo immediately Moppod In couuootion with thobotmakors' striko tbo fxcoutivo of tho Union cxp:oss thtir satisfio- iicn with tho names ol tho niui d-.legatcs wh 1 were appointed yostordayel ameoliagof th) Masters' AB?cotatlou to moot tho a a tno uumber cf delegates from tho Union. There i?,howov jr, porno cbjection nmongsttbo masters to mooting Mr Trenwitb. Should tho masters porsiat ia thcirobjiction tfco Ution will not nltor thair 'decision, Tho Union irsht on Mr Tronwith btirgcnooi their delegates. It ia boliovo! that tbo mAttois will waivo thoobjeotion to Mr Trenwith baicg tua of tho UnioTa cLlo- gat-s. Wo nro infornco! by a oorrrspondont that for Bomo nighla pas1. B:mo 'oolish porson brs beon playing tho part of a gh st in the vicinity of tl-o St ICilda Gjnsral Osmotery, maoh to the fear ol timid psrsouo rt s'diug and passing in tho neighborhood. Several parties of young men havo bcon formed, and stationed In viri ons p'.rlB of tho no-ghborhtod, ormod with ntickf, «t?., eo tho foolish Lo.uor, whoever bo is, will laro ill if caught, II) is appa; ontty very cur ning, ncd phocphotoaB phya an im portant p.rt in hi« mako up. Tho police found l s%, night in tho possesion of ft Hiudoo, who hud b 03 arrested in Littio Bourke strcot, a laoch bag, whioh o:ntalne! amongst other artlcks a oheqas book on the Australasian J. ial Siock Bank, llay, N.S.W., wf.iclt evidently bclocgbd to 'Juhn O'Brien," The polico think that tbo Hindoo ha! stolou the bag, and rcquiio an otor for it. Very great prcgrctB Los brcn mado with the erection of tho co.v South wing of tha Mel bourne Foblic Librarp. Tio «h»ta o the walls are upcafar as (ho front staira2sn, tho roof is on and osmplotcd, aud tho oonorot® fl<o- pioot flooru aro all laid ready for the toosption ot the liies. Ripld advauoa has alas boon mado with (he plaitering of thonppsr portion ol tho building, which ii to bo U30d as an addi tional library and reading room, and which will havo poller i< s the samo as tho GxiiUng library. The room is 170 foot long, 27 fcos wie'e, and2G foot high, Too eciliog has been well forwarded, and will b j finished with hand some Corinthian cirnios and osriohmonts, similar to thoio in the old library. Good head way has olio bcon mnde with thess, Tho joiner's work has bcon framed preparatory to being plaosd In position. This has boon doco with a vlow of tho material briog thoroughly seasoned boforo being finished, The lower or gronnd- floor fiat, which is to form an addition to the Technologi cal Museum, is olro well advanced, and tho plasterers havo nommoneod their work there. It is folly oxpooted by tho architects, Messrs Read, Henderson and Snarl, that this portion ot the bnilding will bo computed ny the end 0 April next, or (he middle of May at tin litest, By the steamers Msngaca and Pateena, which loft for LaunccSton to-dny, -150 poss et-gets were booked, and tho accommodation on board both steamers w.'s tsxod to its utmost. After our City Edition wer.t to press yester. dty the City Licensing Biooh doait with the application of Linn Phillips, of Lonsdal) street, for a giocer'a licsncG, Tha polios gave evidence to tbo 1 ffoot that the applicant had kept an immoral home in Flinders stroet, and was !u tho habit of soltiog bottles of liquor lo low obaraoters on Sunday, Tha Benoh refused the application, A ess) of over offioioasness on the patt of thfl polios oanco before the St KUda Court this morniog, when a yonng man who had been ont on a ghost-hnntiog oxpodition, aimed with a cricket bat, wassnmrnoned by a constable as he was qniolly proceeding home with his weapon The oaro was at once dismissed Another ghost hnnfo, who was armoi with a whip, was alio snmmoned, and was liberated The Bench, bowevor, in this oase pointed ont tbo undesirnbility o! carrying a whip, even to lay a ghost with Sursly it is not illegal to carry a whip io Sh Kilda 1 Tho Cjlliogwood Court to-day was 8) crowded that oven standing room onld not be obtained. The atmosphere was something t) be remembered for a life time The WilHamitown Bmoh this morning, t:mpriring Mcoirs A. T. Clark, Altk&n; and lijm'ord, J'd.P., wore very sovere en ths boal police for performing duty in plain clothes. The effioor in ohargo (9ergeant Viteher) slate! he was only performing the dity allotted to him by Bending two eonstabbe ion dnty < vary Snnday. and it was a m' at nn pboBont one as all the oo&stabhe; were woll kiown. At tho Williamstewn Conrt thfu morning, tbi licensee ot tho Vict)ria Inn, North WlliamBtown, was snmmonod tor allowing liquor to bo sold on his pr&mis;(b on tho 7thiast« Serjeant Witohsr proseonted, Mr Roberts ap pearlog tcrthe do'encs. The evidence ot two oonitablsr, who had been told off for plain clotiea dnty on the day named, dlsolosed that two will known residents woro ia the botol dri&kiog; boar. Oao ot the presiding magis tratis rem&rkod; that it wai a dlsgraae for oon- stables to go "sneaking" about in plainclothes on the Sabbath, The sergeant replied be wa only fulfilling his written instraotionr, to usnd men in difiorent attire ovory Sunday. Tho easo was dlsmieao!, without onllingevidenca for tho defence. It is stated, on apparently good authority, that Ye Oldo Engluho Xmas and Bhakoi- pe&rian; Show at tho Town Hall, for tho benefit of Trinity Church, lu& not bian aaaocess fintnci&lly;, The loss io estimated at some hundreds. The Fttzroy Town Hall was crowded bat night with a social gathering in coanootion with tho A company of the Militia, Dauoing started at haUpasl eight, and was kept up till four o'cloak this morning. The mualo supplied was excellent, and the eamo moy aho bo raid 0! the eupper, Daring an inter val totween the danow, three oheera wrq eallod and given for M«jcr Rcbortion, who' wan proeout. At a meotlog of tho Melbonrno Dangot Olnb at Mather's Oafo on Saturday ovonjog, it was dootdod that ton players moot an oqial number of Sydney ptayou at tho Intorool mini Draught Match, to be bold ou Now Year's Day Tbo players nro to be paired, aooordiag to HiroDgth, from No. 1 Bmrd to No. 10, when It is expeotod some interesting games will result for tbo ohnmplonsbip. Play to coin nituco at ten o'olook at tho Tolograph OlliCP. The Metropolitan LeMortafsl ftt tholrnmok) night, or ouinru'>nly oaIIh! "men's uight, last night, nt tbe Athemunm, had 0 box plaood at tic entnmoe ut thu IipI1, with tho following in ccrlption :-"Ya old folks' tobaccabox,"..Aud, judging from the way dcpirite wero made of mouoy and tobacco, it would yiold a nice ObriBtnme-hox for tho ol! men of thoSBonovo- lent Asylum, for whom it is intended An analysis of tho lotnrrH just isiaed by tho BonrdolTrndo glvos tho rouilt 0! a your'a working of I he rail vayaot tho UnttodKingdom 18, (181 mllCH of railway nro open in England, Sootlacd and Irrland. M>les ran by ptiHsongor trairn, 133,170 310; mihw run by minoral trail h, 127,1)83,203; mixed trains, 2,737,0(3; all tbt so mJfeo a grand total of 208 807,238 milosrnn thronghont tbo yoar, Thoro aro in us) 14,100 too»motivos 83,301 pasnonger oavrlagor, and 45S,357 vans, waggons and other vohiolcs Fint-oluis booking for pAsacngors brought in L3, 070,053, Soeond-ol&M; broking, GG,0!IG,784 oarr.ing L3, 329, 741, Third class booking 581,233,478, o.roing L17 050,0111. Soason tickets 082,050, yioldod LI, 01)2,5!)!, Mails earned LS, 700,281, bringing up tho total ro oeipts from passmgor trains to L20.501,783 183.485,012 tons of minerals woro oarrlod, and 70,81)7, P50 tons ol goude and morohnndiao. Keeeipts from miucrali nod goods oamo to L88, 701,311), making a grand total oarnod of L71, 002,270 during tho twolvo months, Workirg , oxpcnscs, L37»30S,503 ; loaving a balauco of profit amounting to L33,G03,70S, Hero nro eomo tidy liltlo iooomes of City compnnice (London), amounts just rotnrno!:— Tho Merocrs, L70.000 to LSO.OOO a year ; tho Gtoocre, 1.10,100 to L50,000 a year; th j Drapery, L7 0,000 tc LSO.OOO a year ; tbo Fish mongers, L 40,000 to L50.000 a year ; tho Gold smith?, L50.000 to LfiO.090 a yoar; tho Skin nor?, L20,000 to L30,000a ye«r ; ths Merohant Tm(ob, L30.0C0 t) L40.000 a year; th) Habcrdaekois, L25.COO to L35.000 a yoar ; the Salter?, L20.000 to L25 000 a year; tbo Iron- monger?, JL20.000 a yoa? ;tho Vintners, LU.000 a yoar; tho Cluthwcrkfrs, L30.000 to L50.000 a year Total— LI2G.00D to L500.000 per annum. In hi' epoooh in defonco of Lord Marous B.'retford, Mr Montagn Williams was rorpon- tiblo for the propounding of a very romarkablo dottrloo. " Tbo article, ' ho snbmiUsd, "was a libel, aud as for tho ioeinnaticn that Lird Mnioab Bfiojhud could have brought his notion tpsiutt Mr Bowlos in a conrt of lair, L)?d Morons was too poor a man to tndnlgo in suoh expunoivo Iniurirs as th) law court?." Accord ing -o this thecry, it a rloh man If, or oonsiders hiir.Rtlf to be, libelled, li s only remedy le an ncticn for damages ; but a poor men is fully jtst.lijdin pnnohirg th) head of tho pore.n who has epoVon of him (lisreipoettnlly. Surely writes a London pspor, this h strc tolling tbo t'o-corcmoa rule that thoro is one ltw for tho rich and another for tho poor a trill o too far. A writer in Truth svys "Tho total eost cf tbe Tichboroo litigation, I loam from a legal contemporary, amounted to tho trifling fignre of L01.077 12 1 2!, This icoladod, be- eides tbo coats in tho -groat oaee of Tiohborno v. Lnshingtoc, tho co ts ef two notions in respect ot tho Doughty « Atetc?,and two Probato ACtieus in wbioh the Oltimant sought tetters of administration to Lady Tiobborne The Tiohb:rab ond D nghfy Settled Etat k Aot was pa s;d to pr. v.'da fur tho rA.sing ot funds tomtot this giponlio iawyeia' bill. How very sorry thy lawyers inmtb: thr»t an Act bars rurth-r litlgiticn I Truth raenti'ni that "Among the facts not r/norally known, it may bsaiatitiooud tint tho Middlesex Oou.ty O'ioket Clab pny tho M.C.O. fifty tonnds por ai.min for the privl legu of playicg their ma'atus at Lorl's. Con- skhritg tint thcM.OO. in di.tinot gainer by tbe matehos tiking pUce thorp, and that thr iu:omc ol thai cluoisraokonr.tby thoaasnda tho cco' ptecoo ci this fifty toands par annum tetms ri (her paltrr. Ia spite, however, of this imp0! (he balance sheet of thoOjaoty Clnb, rccen'ly pubtiebed, is f-irly ratiaf iQtory, show- ngabateneo in hand ot L530, or L100 moro tbsli last j etr. Mr I, D. Walker bas resigaod the post 0! OApfnln, to tho general regret of the memberj of the clnb, who will fiad it al most impoEiibla to adequately replaoo him, As ehotviog tbo he? vy f aH olhta ysaiain tbe vulao of Ergl'sb lieded proporty, tbo following aalei uf fio jhol-'n ato mentionidfn tbe Londcn papers:— "Toe Yaxley Hell Bitot?, in Soil Ik, w?s rote tbo ether day for L7SC9, Some years back tbo late ownor re fated L21,000 forth's pmp:rty, which inolaies a oapital manor hois, with gardens and grounds, and two fartn), (ho whole extending to 4C0 oares. A farm in Iiincclasbiro was s ild at the saruo timo ot L22 prr aero. A few years ago this Ltd cctt L89 ptr aoro, and over L1C00 has sinoo been expended oa build Inge," Tho Fresbyterias donsmication olalms t) be tbo largist eeolionof llo Protestant Chnr.ih in the world. Tho total estimated strength of tbo denomination i',in Continental Europo, 45C0 miuiblcra, 5000 charges, and 105 presby (cries ; in tbo United Kingdom, 4829 minis ter?, 4800 charges, end 231 praebjtorios ; in (bo U&itod; States of Amerloi, 7500 miaiitors, 10,000 charge s, and 370 presbyteries); and in the British'? ooh ntea and.dep-'ndeaola?, 1031 ministers, 1481 ohargo?, and 81 presbyteries, making a full total of 17,713 minister?, 21,231 charge?, and 903 prcsbyterios. Wo bavo received from MuS. Mullen Dark Doys, by Hogb Conway, author of Called Book, Meeirs G. S. Biowo and Co, intimate in our columns that on to-morrow, Christmas Eve, tbey wi'l kiop open till ten o'olook. Tbe eutrioi for tbe Onampion Belt ot Aus tralia and 40 eovetafgoa addol, Go-as-yoa please, G doys and G nights, ol so thle evening at tbe Lyceum Hal). Tbe affair oommences next Socday, midoigbt Wo bavo receivo 1 from Mr A. J, Sinitb, a boxot Marcus Ward's Grotet quo stationery, cooe'sting of notepapor and .envslopos o! a very botiiorous oharaoter. Alio a oopy 01 tbo Fairy's Album, an entertaining book for ohlldiOD. Mr M. L. Hutohirmr, 15 Collins strori we8%aunouncts groxt rodnottons in Cbrte ms care's t -day and (o-morrov. Largo bujora will be Hupplied at bslf-prioo, aod for tbe co i- vrntenoo 0 oastouiors requtriog Ohrismss preeeotc bo will kcop bis worehousi optn alter usual hour?. Ao entertainment will tako plsoe at the Hall ot Soieuccon Obristmae Night, on ter tbe auspiocs ot tho Auetraloiian Ssoular Auooia- (loo. Tbe progiammo indoles tbe names of rome woll-known artiste, in addition to wbioh Mr Jor, Symcs will deliver a lootnre. Wo bavo rooeived frcm Mosirs Gordon aod GotcbsndMrM, L Hatobinson, Collins a toot west, tbe fol'owlrg annuals : — Diprose's Annual, whloh contains 0 lugs numbor of go)d otcriss, poetry and atocdotee; tbe iUneteAtiono ere numerous aod good ; Hood's Comic Annual crowded with etorioi and poitry as ututi. This popular Obristmai book Is profusely illustrated, and many of tbe illustrations aro very amusing Good Cheer, tbe excellent Christmas annual 0! the woil-koown monthly Good Words, contains a fioo story entitle! "The Prodigals and their Inheritance)" by Mrs Olipbant. Little Snow Flakes, tbo OhrUt mas annuel of tbo Sunday Magazine, contains a largo camber of stoiios by woll-kuowa writore, and will bo a welcome presmt to the young peoplo in ooy home, Tho boz&ur; or aalo of gifti, belog tho golds remsinli g over from the late Austin Hospital liozatr (Smth Melbourne still), opened last ovtui&g; lu tbo Albert Hall, Albert Park, was fairly otteodod. Tbe varied ond ornamontti ortioloi offered for ealo ".were well d ''splay od on iableo on )oo side oi tbo hall, white tho priz.s in iho L50 ait-nrion, whiob wai drawn last even ing, could be steo to best advantage in the placealkttodtotbemonthe platform. Tho ladies presiding ovor the solos (Mcsdamoo Moiter and ICiagoll) were kept busily ougsge! daring tho evening, and ?b no reasonably 1 offor woe rcfaioi, a btlilc trado was done, altbongh somo 0! the bandsomo artiolss woro sold at a ercrlGco To-night the bazaar olosor, and we aro doilrcd to specially mention that aamlislon (com 3 p.m. will bo sixpouor, and all parches Ing admirslon tickets will bhva a obmes of wir nirg two bandsomo prime to be given nway at 0 o'clock. 