JOHN BROWN: AND HIS DOG FAITHFUL LAWRENCE, CLARENCE RIVER. N. S. W. CHAPTER XXX.—CONTINUED. The grey light of a frosty morning, near the hotel at Kew, where John Brown and Achates were quartered. " Be dad, is it yerself, or the Inspector that I am spaking to?" " Och ! sir, it is well for you to be able to walk on your hind legs, this frosty morning. If you belave it, sir, it was some time yesterday I was run in up here by Betsy's ghost—that ondacent dog—after taking the gentleman to the hospital. Tell me, sir, is it yerself or the Inspector that is walking down there, or is it a live or dead man living in the flesh. Answer me, as Hamlet's ghost did his dead sweet- heart in the play, for the cocks are crowing. Are you the Inspector or yerself ? Spake, and ye will never fale it. " The person so addressed was the night inspector, going his rounds to see that his subordinates—the night patrols—were doing their duty. Hearing a voice over his head as he passed a lamp- post, he looked up, and in the grey light of the morn- ing he saw the figure of a man sitting on the cross bar of the lamp-post, with his arms thrown round the lamp for security and warmth. The man was hatless, and bore a striking resemblance to an Aunt Sally on a pole, or an effigy of Gay Fawkes trussed and skewered ready for the fire. The Inspector paused, and a grim smile spread over his features as he viewed the object and listened to the words that met his ears. Raising his eyeglass to his right eye, he spoke,— " Where were you educated, my man, that enables you so accurately to quote Shakespeare, and be guided by the rules of Lindley Murray ?" " Och ! sir , I was never on the Murray River, so don't know Mr Lemmy's school. My ould mother belavod in eddication, and wacked learning into me while I was a gossoon hanging on her breasts. Thar's meself knows it, no better in the worruld that warn't eddicated, knows better how to spake than meself. I have seen gurruls playing on a peanny in Australy that made me blush like a rose when they opened their potatee trap to spake. Och ! hone, it is cowld here ; a drop of the cratur 'ud do me no harrum. I have taken the pledge, but I 'ud take it as medicine this cowld morning. Sure I see you are yerself the Inspector. I never touch the cratur, as I tould ye, only as medicine." The Inspector, replacing his eyeglass to his eye, said,— " How did you get up there, you gossoon ?" " I walked up, yer honor. Don't be cross wid me, and I will tell your honor. About 12 o'clock last night a gentleman was knocked down by a cab, and broke his own leg. I at once walks him off to the hospital, for I knows it was a case of ossification fracture ; so I at once ostracised him to the hospital. Well, yer honor, I returns to my bate and walks along a good bit, when what do I see but a four- futted dog, who has the devil and soul of Betsy in him. He looks up from the other side of the way at me, and at onct commenced to cross over to me. I made thracks, for I knowed there was no livin' wid 'em, the haythen baste. His sarpant's eyes saw me run, and so the murtherin devil ran too. You may laff, but I tould you this haythen comes from Beelzebub's bosom, and there is no livin' wid 'em as long as I am a policeman. Well, he chased me along the flare uf the street. So says I, I'll bate you, ould boy. Thrue as I stand here, yer honor, I made for the lamp- post and walked up, niver stopping on the way : I wasn't narvous yer honor. Here I sat, and devil a soul came to my aid. I throwed my handcuffs and night stick at the baste, and he—the ondacent hay- then ghost—at once grabbed them, and walked around the corner wid ' em. Come down, you say. Devil a fut ! for the murtherin haythen is only waiting round the corner, watching wid his sarpant's eyes to grab me. Och ! that I never entered the force and left ould Ireland. Sorra's the day I came to Aus- traly !" " Come man, I will have to dismiss you from the force ; you are a coward to be so afraid of a dog. It is to be hoped your mother had not any more sons like you." " ls it of my mother ye spake yer honor ? I am the oldest and was nearly the youngest of a family of five. By yer honor's life, I will remove myself from the force, for that dog's muster tould me the haythen had a down on all policemen. The baste scents the clothes of a peeler. If I could divest myself of my clothes here, I would chuck them off, that the haythen should not smell me. Yes, I will stop here till a cab comes to take me away. I will this day lave the constabulary, or I will be kilt dead by that villain." At this, the Inspector, in disgust, walked away, leaving Pat holding on to the lamp, with his legs dangling as he sat on the cross bar. Fully live hours had Pat sat there, when his chief left him. Faithful, not caring to remain in the cold, was contented by securing Pat's handouts and staff of office, so trotted home with satisfaction. Pat that same day left the metropolitan police force. The inspector was writing a report in his office of Pat's cowardice, when in walked Pat in a blustering manner, saying— " Yer honor, pulling his fore lock as he spoke. " I am off to ould Ireland to- morrow, away from Aus- traly. I only hax ye to pay me at onct, that I may be at liberty to ostracised myself away from this aunted land. Niver will I come back to Australy till I am dead." Melbourne Hospital. Two doctors tn conversation, smoking on the hospital grounds, about 12 p.m. One the hospital surgeon of experience, the other a newly-fledged young assistant. " Well," said the senior, " how did you get on at the Supreme Court to-day, in connection with that murder case ?" " Get on ! I never had such a handling in my life. The barrister for the defendant was one Lyndhurst Handslip, a lying, craven cad. When I went up for my last viva voce exam. I sweated, but it was no- thing to to-day's work while under this lawyer. He tried to shake my evidence in reference to where the deceased was fatally wounded. I replied over and over again that the late Mr Ugessergin was stabbed twice to the right of the medical line, and a short distance above the umbulieus. At last he got up to address the jury. While so doing, he had the effrontery to say,— Learned gentlemen of the jury, honoured and respected citizens of Melbourne, men of minds of great acumen, perception, and penetration, you are gentlemen who I know love truth for truth's sake, so I was not at all surprised when I saw the blushes that mantled your cheeks at the replies of this doctor from the Melbourne hospital. A physi- cian who would tell you in a whisper that he was, and is, the house surgeon of that noble institution, where many enter and are at once sealed with the impress of death, he would, judgiug by his evidence to-day, tell you, as he rubbed his beardless face, he was the Alpha and Omega of the hospital, when you know such would be a lie. He may be the tail, but he is not the head. But you will say, gentlemen, that every dog is allowed to wag his own tail. True, gentlemen, but the power is not in the tail, but the head, for if it were not so it would be a case of virtute ........ So the head is vis vita. Now, gentlemen, we have the medical embryo, who from hts self- imagined high and noble calling—one we should think as a person who would shudder to stain his fingers or soul with the unclean thing— —perjury—another Achan, one who would out Herod Herod, by putting to the blush Ananias and Sapphira, as I will show you in your already formed, opinions. You looked at him as no first entered the witness box, and thought—because you yourselves are steeped in truth—that you had the very soul of truth to deal with. As he stood before you, you did not at that moment think he was about to swear falsely—play Sir John Falstaff, or act the son of Belial. What were his repeated words—words, gentlemen, on oath—words that rang again and again through the court of purity—words of a very Mephistophélès—words that would cause an unborn babe to blush, a street arab to slink away in awe, a gutter-snipe to throw his mouth ajar, a poor fallen sister to shudder in horror—words that caused the recording angel to leave a deep blank on the page as he wrote, for the very ink in his pen—withered— perished—at the words. I asked this unblushing, yet downless Æculapius, over and over again where Mr Ugessergin was poniarded. I asked him again and again, so that he might correct his untruth. This, gentlemen, was my only aim. Yet what was his reply—his hardihood, perjury ? Unblushingly tho' you blushed as a maiden would to the eye brows —with his features as cool and placid as if cut from marble—he had the audacity to say that the man was twice—mark you, gentlemen, twice—stabbed to the right of the medical line, and a very short distance above the umbulieus ; and yet we have ample proof from a score of unimpeachable persons that Mr Ugessergin was poniarded to death in a gambling saloon. What kind of evidence of swearing do you consider this gentlemen ? Can you for a moment— At this moment the hospital porter ran up to the medical men, saying,— " Wanted, gentlemen ; person brought in to the accident ward. Compound fracture—important case. Presence wanted, gentlemen." The two medicals hastened away to the accident ward. " Yes, Friday is right ; a case of compound fracture of the thigh. How do you feel my man ?" " Well, gentlemen, just at present I feel like as if I had escaped from Scylla, to fall into the hands of Charybdis." " What do you mean, sir ? for you are not in any danger that you should speak so." " My mind was only running on certain events that happened the last few hours. So it has been Charybdis and a Scylla. But enough, gentlemen please proceed with your work." Two days after the above in the hospital. " Pardon me, Mademoiselle, but are you not Miss Handslip, from Miss B.'s Ladies College ?" " Yes, sir, I am Miss Handslip ; but may I ask how you know me?" " Well, one way by reports I have heard in the ward of your goodness, and Miss B.'s kindness in visiting the patients. I thought I was not mistaken, tho' you are generally, I am told, accompanied by Miss B.—" " One way, you say. Am I to understand that there is another reason for you knowing me ?" " Well, mam'selle, ladies who go to concerts and take leading parts are easily recognised in private." " Well put, sir. But—but I think you have a stronger reason, I feel we have met before. The tone of your voice strikes me ; your accent is in some way familiar—intonation of voice. Where or when I have met you I cannot remember." " Trouble not yourself, fair young lady. Melbourne is a small place. We may have met at some party, but I think not. Then in an undertone—" Ex voto" Hebe caught the phrase, and quickly replied,— " Ex voto— what vow?" " Nothing, nothing ; I was only thinking—think- ing, but I lie helples here." "I wish I could remember where we have met, sir ; your voice and enunciation remind me of some one, but who I cannot tell, and further your knowing me." " Miss Handslip, allow me to say—and be content with my reply—there are ladies, and ladies. " Well, sir, I suppose I must be content. How did you meet with your accident ? Knocked down by a cab, the head nurse tells me." "Yes, it was a lucky and unlucky night to me. First I met with a very Scylla, and escaped ; then going from that danger, I fell under Charybdis." " More enigmas, sir." " Yes, Miss Handslip, but unexplainable at present. Remember what your great stage writer says— ' There is a divinity, &c.;' " "I am glad you look at things in that light, for in the words there is an acknowledg- ment of an ever-ruling merciful Father, and the immorality of man—that our life here is not more chance, hap-hazard, but the whole out and worked for an end. There is a deep meaning in Shakes- peare's word—deeper than we think at first glance." After some further conversation, Hebe left the ward. 