False & True Humanitarianism. Revolutions that are about to take place in the natural world may frequently be forecasted. The discharges of the volcanoe, and the upheavals of the earthquake, by the most unmistakable signs are sometimes foretold. So is it in the moral world. Coming events —especially if they be of a significant character—often cast their shadows before. The chronology of the moral world has been so adjusted by providence that its mechanism frequently gives warning before the time to strike has arrived. Take, for instance, the advent of Christ. Previous to His coming the world was in a state of social and political unrest. The Jews were groaning under the yoke of the Romans, and the civilization of the old Pagan world was well-nigh worn out. There was a general presentiment of the advent of a deliverer and restorer, and a yearning in the hearts of men for social and political change. The instincts of the race, and the spirit of the times, in these respects, gave no uncertain signs. Christ came, and the system that He inaugurated responded to the yearnings of the human heart, and wrought a complete revolution in social life. Eighteen centuries have passed away since then, and again we seem to be on the eve of change. The mechanism of the moral world again gives warning, and in God's good time the hour to strike shall arrive. The world to-day is in a state of social, political, and moral unrest. Thrones are being undermined; existing political institutions are being threatened; and determined efforts are being made to destroy the present social system. The widespread interest created by the nationalization of the land question, reflects the spirit of the times. Socialism, nihilism, communism, and secularism, all register the disturbed state of the social and moral world. Various theories are being advanced, and expedients adopted, to equalize classes, and to bring about social reforms. Dynamite and atheism are both suggested. Christianity, it is said, ha9 seen its day. It has failed to accomplish its purpose. " Let us take counsel together against the Lord, and against His anointed. . . . Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us." Let every man do that which is right in his own eyes, untrammelled by religious belief. Conscience is merely the outgrowth of the pressure of utility. A divine law of right and wrong is a priestly myth. The only God to whom man is responsible is nature. Sweep away the Christian system, with its mental shackles, and fossilised notions ! let the bet'uer creed of humanitarianism take its place ! let man adore his fellowman, and let the one article of our creed be— " Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." This is the kind of gospel that to-day is being preached to the working classes by the votaries of secularism and positivism. The whole of the godless humanitarian theory is built upon assumption. That Christianity has failed to accomplish its purpose is notoriously untrue. That man will sacrifice himself for the good of others merely because it is their wish, or to their interest that he should do so, is hardly worthy a moment's serious consideration. It is disproved by the logic of facts. Take the case of men who are Secularists by practice or profession. Do we find them sacrificing their own interests for the benefit of others ? Are they the men, who, in time of pestilence, visit the plague-stricken ? Regardless of the dread of infection do they walk our hospitals, speaking words of comfort to the dying ? Do they visit the backsluins of our cities, trying to restore the fallen to lives of virtue? Would they suffer material loss themselves in order to promote the interests of others ? To carry their creed out to its ultimate limit—Would they lay down their lives to effect the salvation of their fellows ? The testimony of history and experience says But it may be objected—that secular humanitarianism is only as yet in its infancy. It has not had time to develop, mature, and bring forth fruit. This would be untrue. But, admitting the objection, we assert that the religion of humanity, as taught by Secularists and Positivists, is a dream. Self-sacrifice for the good of others is the very antithesis of human nature. There is no trait more fully developed in unregenerate man than that of self-interest. To teach men that tliey must exercise self-denial, endure pain, or risk life merely because it is the wish, and to the interest of others that they should do so, would have very little, if any, good effect. The so-called religion of humanity, having no higher sanction or authority than the will of man, without a divine standard of right and wrong, without a sense of responsibility to God, would degenerate into the most godless and selfish licentiousness. The only true form of humanitarianism that the world ever saw, or ever will see, is to be found in the religion and person of Christ. It embodies,—in a far higher degree,—all that is good in the creed of the Secularist or Positivist. It gives to us nobler and diviner views of our duty to our neighbour than any purely rational system of thought. What is impossible on the Secularistic basis becomes gloriously possible through the gospel of Christ. Our moral natures can be changed. We can undergo a new creation. We can be restored—in a measure—to the image and likeness of God; and when these changes have been wrought in our experience, and only then, can we display the Christlike spirit of self-sacrifice for the good of others. The era of true humanitarianism was the Incarnation of Christ. Sacrifice of self for the benefit of others prompted the Saviour's advent, humiliation, and death. Although the Eternal Son of the Eternal Father, yet " He emptied Himself, taking the form of a servant, being made in the likeness of men, and being found in fashion as a man He humbled Himself, becoming obedient even unto death, yea, the death of the cross." The death of Christ was a fitting sequel to the lesson of the life. It was then that the most striking trait in His character reached its climax, and the mocking multitude, weeping disciples, and astonished angels gazed upon the Son of God, manifest in the flesh, sacrificing Himself for the salvation of others. Christ came not only to teach us by precept and example, but to make an atonement for sin. He took upon Himself our nature, and linked His divinity to our humanity to make it possible for us again to be made partakers of the divine nature, and to have restored to us in a degree, the image and likenesB of God. It is only when the purposes of Christ's Incarnation have been fulfilled in us—when we have a Christlike spirit, that wo can do aright what Secularism and Positivism profess to teach—sacrifice ourselves for the good of others. The religion of humanity—the creed of the Secularist and Positivist—is the corpse of Christianity, robbed of its flesh, blood, and soul. Secular humanitarianism is in sympathy with—nay, it is a species of—Socialism. Its votaries believe that if men everywhere will accept their creed, an atheistic millennium will set in. Truly the god of this world hatb blinded their eyes. Cannot they see that Chrisianity is the only true form of Socialism, and that Christ was a divine social reformer? There is, it is true, a large amount of misery in the world to-day. But what is its principal cauBe ? Why, men are disregarding tlie divine humanitarianism of the gOBpel. They are rejecting the only system that can bring about the social and moral regeneration of men. Would that the masses upou the Continent, and some of the members of our own community, would open their eyes to thiB fact, and close them to the hollow pretensions of Secularists and Positivists who will only intensify the evils that they profess to try to remove. It is a principle now recognised in sociology that to change the masBes you must begin with the individual. Hence, if we can only get the moral nature of the units changed—if men are made new creatures in Christ Jesus —the whole masB in time will be affected, and social changes will follow. Talse an illustration. Look at the •case of the drunkard. His home is the abode of •wretchedness; his family destitute of domestic comfort, ^y the " washing of regeneration, and renewing of the i'oly Ghost," the man undergoes a new creation, and XL vrk the material change that follows. Comfort takes the place of discomfort; happiness usurps the place of misery. This is a true criterion of the moral and material revolution that would be wrought throughout society, especially in the masses, if men everywhere would obey the precepts, and imitate the example of Christ. The true Religion of Humanity—that which is to uplift the masses, and alter the condition of social life is not the godless creed of the Positivist or Secularist, hut the system established by Christ. When the moral nature of man is changed, then, and only then, will lie become a true humanitarian. He will then emulate the example and observe the precepts of Him who sacrificed Himself for the salvation of others, and who taught a higher code of morality than Buddha or Confucius, or the votaries of Secularism and Positivism—" Love your enemies; do good to them that hate you; pray for those that despitefully use you and persecute you," J. B. 