j ' « lilwif "«gWjp : r-7 [?] llMl:nppko(t .'Jam of .too »3SSSSSS5 breakthrough. Sheiqpkqd lftKX bad,»en betfor, who Wgoifo fj ftk chrtcrvapts .d for her in the times wn tin ,m% : weU ;M.,but ;wMthS 8 £ fe ihat the' ma4R0t Me still there, apd that (She e as litt & to bs v ulgarised by poverty an l it,, coarse struggles as she could he made f ir vf' J anr«be ia iy j money, Ships tlhJ5«wma ln rlp ws, and toe. cfoie of ) eejpf .thefli ie firantre ' and had been rtucnad info-a tl meot eoondmate of her: when she .was full n wiOi , joalfor a. SaUth AttrmaP p:orJtoa Yet t)n« chip llutawoa now UAttjipg ajao of dlrtiit cargoes: you could name, barring phosphate manure, had been xeokoned in her day a passenger .vseeel— a noble Indiaryian, indeed — her odnage was epmething over eleven: hundred— witii w cuddy fis ted up Toy ally . JLfoy a ; f reigat of soldiers bad she carried i round the Cape. many an old nabob had she; oonveyad— aye, and. Indian potentates , who smoked out of jewelled hiookahs.aand iwho> ware waited upon by crowds of black servants in turbans and alippora. I ued to moralisei over her, just as 1 would over: a tomVrWhenl had che watch, and wab alone, abd could letl my thoughts rua: loohe. The Bumptuoaa oabin trappings were all gone, and I teemed to emeli <ooai in tbe wind. even when my head was oyer on tbe weafcher side, and the breeze that blew along'oaone.frsh across a thousand miles of ses, bdk there waa a good deal of the- ; fittings left; fittings which Idon't doubt marie: the newspapers give a long acuount of this u fine great ship" whan she was laaacbed, quite efough Of them, to enable a man td construota pioture o! the cuddy of theQcean King as it was do the days of her glory, when ? the BOft oil lamps Bhone bright on the draped ; tables fend sparkled «n siiver4nd%lses; when the old ekipper, sitting with thB mizisnaiaat behind him, wduld look; with hi? red f ceand white hairy :down >the rows' uf ladiea andi atleihen eating and : Arinking, stewards : running ab trays hanging: from the deck,: and globed fuU of goldfish swinging " to the rpll of %heEetee) as eheuswung atately, .with 'her staniaas hangfog- out -over the lofig bloa -a well wrinkledhy tho wiud. The, ship ia stili Whereiweitlie people5 she carried ? Tne pneWA who have worked hsr V -The "captains who hive commanded hear?;- "There is hiking that should be1 Salter, of ghosts \ than an oid ship. ; and I very well remember idth wfeea- I " first he vViatory< At pfjortsiriodth, aba descended into:|asr eojkpi% a What I saw was not a well- preserved and I cieanly length oi massive deok, but groups of 1 woUbdsd and ; bleeding : and -dying: mem I littering the- dark fl jor, and the hatchwiy ihtfdovted by gfobning figures Handed below, Awhile the spiell of English, Frenoh'End jKSpanieh gnnpowder, even dowu there, was so letrbng— phew! I ooald have spat the flavour ' Well, tha old Oaean King had once upon a time been said to be haunted. She had j certainly been long enough affoat - to owo a -hundred atoties, and she was aoetauuch and J trae tHat if evera euperstUion got «ate her I there was no chance of its getting out again. <1 I only remetobsr oue of these yarns ? it was told o me by the doqkmf!wterv who had btieo j at sea1 for many years, was an old m»n, ana j iknew tii hfetofy « U a»ch«rih«3 tbeOjsaD< :Kioir. said that, in '51, 1 think it was, j >fc ae bad been0 a rw amoog thfe crew; an , Italian eailor' fltabbad an EagUshmaa, wao bled to death. To avenge the Eaghshmao a death the rest of the crew, jwho were chuflv "English, thrust the Italian into the forep k .ana iet him be there to darkness. was asked for they reported tnat, he bad jf ilten-pvtrboar l, and this seems tebavebeea j believed. Waether thi orew raent t_ " him or hot is not cartain ; bat after be had djeen in the fore- peak three or tear days, a | follow' going behind tbe galley-out o. tha way 1 of the wmd to light bis pipe—it bein then four ;fo tflie first wateb-ame ruamng ; LbS-SS" forectie with his hair on end, and rts up ht . :l)aring alllhi r<jet of j men ' uhost :Was o<mtauvly seenv tbi wSSL ffVingi bboom. What aJiufeVime9-a««3 sa waether th9 mm \--aer, Jof airroto- ; .'tanote. gerttBirteeoinnambar, iuil oruW®4" . : or-b ii hrininK up the the iAW:®?' ""nSeteen iaai'-nioeteen '-pirn 'be .Qaen-Xlflg pyetje P<rmeDti,n etawe.dB. eighty 'bhtdher, b-itohei's mate, ;B0tdo»Me Cbe%fe. «t?S5hy hagjaeeiTuhaet- ; bo|»idv7a;, - f«.gepfl- in'«Bte'H«3 been re- f bih2 a fodonH-btebeve myself waea<bld'«ie;»«; f tlmt " thertt f about iibr rgfo J®LBtitlons, but they ate | Sapors iwe . has happened ndtrfobe aJed JLf triBre1y telUng them AemjhJtoard m feblpthef re | (b«o «» WBght "g I | . I. f '4--: . o T; ww I tWft'M y«emfR!of!Prfo stip i »J?uabeaa mtheforebatchnd |4?Ptn«»#8hiflg ?a4;.lie>;,ui?4wftrlS apfi'perhapj» ?M?d jmn'ii allb&nds; in a funk, aui.:g0j(hg glottic feq. jPark nervously I i our : ship nothing bap.t; Jr; Mme,:C,!iys .... lite iweidegpd h cai0P8 ; r aofoqmiy: iea. .yOftUe ylBael'a ;pp wcrfol jopn i; boW3 M from a. rock. « jPila what sve.could tacks aboard, Bfoysai-s drawr' Aag. ipj t.ijod iiiSiing hc£. bst sailiug w" -'-4. sebl m txi%.nago to get' more tow- ,-e biii Xj J 54;Be It was about twpr tells , Ae6; yind, thespa smoolhv and? J.?® Rver cur starboard ' ''-?0F,a. nhdkrjft pUin sail, leaning py Iroxn the wind a r trfle> -and the, .water afo®g under r the bends in lines fofdug'p wuiciitha star light,, ran g;imm8riBg I , was thfokuig. pyer the fiva or-is moutba' Voyages ?wpidh old waggons after ths pteru; of thfa ship took in getting to Indiat wh?u, i-qqll ,qjmiag alopg, Xteaftg-outfor bn s vo BtAnd by thoJ maia rqyal .-and m zzen. y Halliards. . : ., drjya ;dotwn daik- : iod. not a no wing ,waat; ; ,was behindl Ordered the Tmaio: royal to > ba - cluad . up? ahd ,fUrled.; ; Two you agstetf' went aloft. By the time, they were on the y rd r . the squall thinned, but I fancied; there was another bearfog down, and bought it bast to. , let the "ordinary teamen roll, the sail op On i a sn ide. down they.-, both, trotted Hand over hand/leaving ths sail Happing in the clutch ; ipf the clay? lints. . Xfoaredteaii ; YWhtd.'ye . mean by ojmiag ; dowp hsfoie. you ve furled th it sail V'' They stood t ?gether in the main, j rsgglrig, and one of them aaswa ed : f Ptease. ; sir, there's a ghost somewhere, up uteft in the 1 forefcopsaii-yard." "A ghost, you fool!1' I lorled. Yds, sirj" heanswerad. ; "Ha says; : 1 ' Jaimy, your mathsr wants ye?.' I says, . « What and ha says: 'Your mother Wants | ; yer, ' iu the bollo west. „ o' voices. Dick here , X heard i|.7 There's no,da9 aloft forrards, i J-I sangVbufc to fbcm to ju aip aloft again , and j fiading fchat they s idn't move- 1 m ifie. a J ,8priag, on whioh thisy dropped like lightning j b a dadk ; and bgan to beg an ji pray of me in I the eagereet mauuer not to- sen d t hem alolti: | As they wers tap frightenQd to! hpld on .Indeed the folio w namsd : J.irn actually began J to shiyer and ory when I threateae i him ; so J aa th'e royal bad .to ha furled I -sent a. poup'e i of able s iainen. aloftr . who,, after rolling up J-the sail, eascp clpwn,! find aaid thainovoice | bad called t y ttam, ;4ndr-th»t. th8f; rather j ; reckoned it w-ar a bit! , oi sky larking on the I tpart!pf the brjys, rto pet out , of stowing- the j ,«aa?.''; Hj? weyer I noticad Jthat the two mad, 1 were Wpnddrfolly . quick over, the job, and that J Afterward thd wateh on deck stood tilkiag in I low voices In the waist. Jim was » fool of a j jr jU',b,.bat Dtek was- -a! .smirk Ud. agedabout Lntuuteeu, and good; looking, with a lively I tpngoie, and I heard. |&fcerward; .that hs C3ald J .spin "a" yarn to . perfection. aU ut of his 1 -imagination, I called him to me, and asked 1 if he had really heard a voice, , and he swore I be had. Did it say," sa d I, , g Jimmy, 1 your mother wants; you ?" ' " Ay, jsir," He I answered, with a bit of a shudder, r ! as plain r| as you yjurself say it. It sesmed to come j off the foretopg&Uant-yacd;, where X fancied .1 I see something dark ampying; but I was | too' frightened to take particular notics." 1 ' Well it was not,, long, after this, abont I eleven o'clock in the morning, that, the captain being on deck, tne cook steps oat ox - the gall®y> comes walking, along the poop, anj,goiog up to the skipper, touches his oap and stands looking at him. " vYhat do you want?'' said the oaptain, eying him as if he took him to be m»d. " Didn't you call, sir !" .says the cook. " Gall I ' cries the skipper. " Certainly not." The man looked stupid with surprise, and mutt ring something to himself went for ward. Ten .minutes after he cme up again to the ekippcr, and says " Yes, sir '!' as a man might who answers t) a call. The skipper baganYo swear at him and called him a lu etic, and so on, but the man, find ing he was wrong again, grew white, and s vore.that if be was on hia deathbed he'd maintain that the captain, had callel him twice. The skipper, who was a rather nervous mas, turned to me and taid : "Whit dp you make of this, Mr. Green ? Lean's doubt, the cook's word. Who's calling him in my voice?' " Oh, its some illusion, sir." said I, feeling rather puzzled for all that. But the 03ok, with the. tsars actually standing in hii ieyes, deolarei it was no illusion ; ha'd know it he. captain's voice if it was nine miles off, Land he then walked in a dazed way toward the forecastle singing out that whe her tb . j To'ce he had heard belonged to a ghost or a Ghristiad man, it miglit go on calling " Cook ! ' for the next twenty years without his taking further notice of it. This thing comihg so Booh after the c 11 to Jimmy that had so greatly alarmed tha two L ordinary seamen, made a great im- | pression on the crew, and I never regret I anything more than that my poeition should have preveited me from getting iato f their oonfiiencs and la-rning their thoughts, I for there is no doubt I should have stowed away memories enough to serve me ior many a hearty laugh in after years. A few days ; rolled by without auything particular happening. One night it cams to my turn to have the firrt watch. It was a quiet night, with wind enough to kep the sails still, | whilst, the old Ship went drowsily rolling I along ber cdu'se to the African port Sud- | dsnly I heard a conambtiba forward,' and. i fearing that some accident had happened, I called oot toknow what the matter was. A j voice answered ; ' Ghost, or no ghost, theieV I; 8 jiEBsbociy talking in the iorflKold ; ojcti y | and lirten, sir " The etlenoj that folio weo 1 suggested a good deal of alarm. : "I sang but . I. ad I approac iel the men : Pefhapi there'-i i a stowaway bslow." "It's no liviug vbiqj, 1 was the reply ; " it sfcunds as if it homes from " I a ekelingt'iu;" : I found a crowd of then j standing in1 awed postures near the hatch, | and the moit frightened of all looked td meto, rl be the ordinary" Beamtn Dick, Who had 1 hacked awey oti the irthbr side Of the hatch 1 and stood looking oai leaning witbbie bands I on his knees, and: staring s. if he was i fascinated. I wmted a -couple or three minute, whabb hv a hpsiness of " this kind if seems a long time, Jand, bearing -nothing, I was goio) to ridicule the wen for their jSSBW"aawgwii#iWifcBMiag| njil iii| nin|i| i Ji Sim niillllf ml ll'l > ll< 1 .qu4erhG;s j &-&«£bo&£»flr!>0 hp|tetlgc«nt;-«4h,4 -h I was i captain, who ithet ibfta/pRowawajhjfl i hpiHud j gai%ai$4.c? - and the 4 | batch was lift id, and we loxked tbif! «ra-jtheqjVjwirti|iii ae3K.»dia? of ' Ithe men to join me in' '"eeaiteHini ihefore- for- upou; iq: word t had no taste Isiugls-handed for a job pf that kfod at such- iajoa.meiMl, when fiho.?V(jiq se|4 foJi derate: ia jijo uefoskiu.; yoa'il rycr find moj j!m5 not.tjhe se<e,i.' ooiniajmt ,1' .ried jibe ;skfo - poliahi foreHteAL ki h.; gunkcw : ihandkerchief, " if ever I heard of s ich »: thing..; I'U.tafl yoa what- it i/'he.riiouted, looking into fchfr hatoh, ; " dteamen - talk, - and , sp, f . ad - yba're b mnd to he! aliv8, you'd h&riefo.; icomc up out .pf that aid imi. t-y, to-, yo hsarj.or;ydu'lljfiad this iht, 'worst atfompt at skylarki ig that was ever; made." . Taere was a.short eilenoe, and you'd,tep,aUHan48tetriuing ihfir: ear?, 3 for there W48 )igHk8Urforjth<8fopnteu|Aby itltefoatern.jona.-olanren!.- 'fa |fou.-» Bjuldateqj oh., me: because !y ap couldat :see,- ine," said the voloa ia a die-away tojufl:' jthis time i.-p amejr din thcduectiQU olihe baiin hatch; as though it had fti;ted aft, Well,'' flaid - tha .iqapiafo, f' may L Ha jiggered!" ani without ; ; another - word he Walked away on to the popp. rJt fold tha pen to clap on the hatches gMU, sp i they did , this ia double quick tiaie,, eyidontly afraid that the ghajtmjgM pqp,upoptof tne hold if they dido 'tin iud their ey e . I t Alli thte'.mfoe ua very aupsretiti ?ux, frpm theicatafo aohlfi $e' lkei over in the oabia, anj the mte was incredu lous, and ridkmle- " Any Way," said he, "it's strange that this voice is only ! heard iin onr r watehj "Xt'sT itevQr favoured: me with aay remitks; =- The .bteak-- ing and goaning of an 'Old; wooden ship is often like spoke a wbrda; anct whit " you've bee a he arin g ra ay banothiughat a riecsption of the ear." "A deception in your ear;" cried the skippor. HThs timbers cf aa bid wooden ship m'ay e tr a i n: and ; area k ; i n - 1 he Datoh;3angaagT but; hang: me .'if th ay ever: talked gOod senaible Eiglish Tlowevefc, ! am not going toworry.: For my ipart,?':said hd, with a nerroui glance-aaround h iiu;?" Ivdont believe ia : ghostsr- WHatever-dt -is: that'sr fcalkiug ra tha Tbold" may goV'oh jawing, bo long ;ra'B he stickxe t o fehar, and don't n feighten : the mien with b a:u ly: "mug; moti coma - u pon' aa for a man's allowance." Tf it'sany:; body's ghoat;A' Isaad cit" must'ihe "-the . Italianls, the chsp th ifc was stafvei in the: forepaak' : tf;I douhtithat V skid the Skippar: I didn't detect anything foreigi in swhat lie said.:. ;rTb: >my - sqar aifc sboadedi mb re 1 dilm , Wb ifcechapel7 than Italiaco.5" r Well for' another weekr wo.: heard r iitrie; -more, of j the: \- . ghoai. :: Ita! trae -:thafc one ; mi<Ml8 -waich: a chap! had sent alottr f o-IooBO 'the mahxruyar had hardly steered out of- the ldfwr tiggrdgH affeer.lmgXringw thcrbroRstrteij tofoveth&ub; : his clbwlities, wbsnHe teoma rushng "Up tbi ; '» e -and crier out? 4 Lv a been h lile d - from ; aliffo tir i > a voica;: has furi Sung j out, v Toaamy.i amp atoft again, that I my have a good.look at yon !' 4, Who'i up there? " I asked him, staring into the giooal where ' the mastand yards went towsrinl;. There's no one up here, sir ; FiLswear it. 4 I wai bound to see him -had anyone been there," 7 he answered/ evidently "very muoh frightened. Ie oceurrei to mj that some oae of the crew might be lymg hid rn tae top. and that it I aonld catch him l might find oat "who the ghost' was. 3s I -jumped into tha rigging and trotted aloft, keeping my eye on the lee rigging, to make sure thit no one descandei by it. I gained the top, bat nobody aB there. I mounted tooths orosstrees, but not a sign of anyone could l see. I came dawn, feeling both f oolish and scared, for you see I had heard the voice myself in the hold, there was no question that there was a voice, belonging to mobody : knew what, knocking about the ship.. : 1 However, it was. nece-siry to keep the men iu heartland this Was hot to be done by captain and mates Appearing scared; so I reasoned a bit with the man, told him that there were no such things as ghosts,' -that: a voice was hound to ooitna from a live porsdn, because a spectre couldn't possibly have lungs; those organs being of" a perishable natura. aad then Bent hihi forward, but no easier in his mind I suspeot than I was. Anyhow I was glad when eight balls were struck, and it was my turn to go below. Bit, as I have said, nut hiug much oame of tnisat least nothing that reached my ears. But normany nightefo lowing, the ship lay bscalmsd— there wasn't a breath of air, and these lay smooth as polished jet. Toil time I had tbe middle watch again. I was ' walking quievly up and down the poop, on the lookout for a deeper shadow upon the sea to indicate the approach of wind, when a man came up the ladder and said : " There's someone a talking to the ship und-T the bows." "Are ycu awake?" sad I. " H;aveo help me, as I stand here, sir,' exclaimed the fellow solemnly, " if that there wriae which talked in tbe hold t'other day ain't no w ov<.r aha side " I ran forward and found meet of the watch huddled together near th a starboard eathoa-i. I peered over;; and there was a dead silence. "What are you looking over that side for? I'm here !" said a thin, faint voice that seemed more in the air than ia the sea. " There !" exclaimed one of the se imen, ia a hcaiftev whisper " That's the third time. Whichever side we look, hbte on tbe other." "But there must be someonc in the water," said another man. Anybody see his hontline? Gus ma- iMcoul-dn't swear I tee a chap: swimaiin' Jutt now." 44 No, no," answered someone, graffly ; " no hiog hut phosphorus,' Joe; And the right Art of stuff; ' too, for if this ain't Old Nick Yon're' a liar,"riini" came the vctoe clear, and, as one c'u'd swear, plain from over the -side. - There was a' general recoil; and a sort t>l groan tao among -lbe men.- At the tams moment I coiiaredw figure standing rear me- and'Stewed him found' to bring his fioe lair t J! the sfarl'gbt, clear: of the stay sail. ts Come7 you aloag wilh me, Master Dick . ' said X, and I mire be 1 him offcneforecaetle, along thb- main deck, Sod up on the poop. " So you're the ghost, «h ?" said L ;Wby, to" have kept your secret you: should havfi given my eluow a wider berth. No winder the voice only makes observations Xn myi watch, You're toe lazy, I suppose, to leave your hammook "jo'-j. ' """!' .-Sill . | fo4ryour Avonderful: power onshCG tnafo/ i<%X Aofii»eeg<fe-ji£iAidisd,. findidgafaiae fsfienjb,- aad uaticfogu Hcgw-? White his Xime .glimmarfo to the Starsn I khow Lybiifoo riief j mm so you'4 better eonfsss. G wn th Atrifth/ and, iailforther-tiiokHOf thissamskind; tdeny tbTi ighostf.iandirvX-'iL'Witeakxf iktr fpapjaia -.|md !' dThis foirjy frightened him> .. rihtsljE/ifclsXruse 4 I'm foe vpiap, /eir j but for. afi'i£Esskei ithe secreJ. sir. - The men. ' u?d- have! my i ifo i f jthey fouod out- that: it Wae seated; iihfrtn." This confession was what l:ufoaed/ ifop whepisifodiirg prey: cibse ttrium m.1 ; the J.i£€C?xS,fo;I C Jtti A:4VBfoifofthat fo iWfaa; he: who utteredthewordtt ffhicH. perplexfo: anfi; awed the saiiors, y bt:ao!3afect wfo ihe deception, isp fi se ia ebqriy WBsthis ekilt as ;ai! iventriliuist, ;that,. had: he nipntly odm6 An,d goat oa denyiBg, ihalltejwas sheVVoice;' V I should have jbelieed him, and1 continued: ieharisg -in the.woiider andsuperffcltioncf ihe nre w. ,1 keptrhis sccrefeo as I pretnisedy " hut S3rmdioW'.0r other itleaieduut inairme tlittt He oould deceive ihe ear by apparmtiy :pi$Qh-T fogo hisrVCite:amoogTfos=rigmg/.<)r rjfoder theFdeaky or dyer ihe v$ide,K though! the riis- coyerv jvabnot made untfl ithe? 'gHost/lfaadC for A ioog timeccaaeAto trouble the: ship!! company;; ahd nuntil the mea'atea perstitious »we had faded away sohtesrhai/iai ty h&d; ' recovered; Ibeiraieli ohteriulnessl YYe>thmi- sent for Diok to tiha cabin, where bei: gave us> k real entartafomeut >aaj« jventriloqaistimi rating all sorts!: of , animate tAiod : prerlueing 8ouoda,; as of; women :in distress and rnen singing out ifojg hoi p i a thefo ber ths; ; indeed;? speh was hig ekiU: that . -L'dimtteni see the: pkippe end mate tufofo startied tnllopfeffii the - direction wheaoe iiie . vaicc pfopteded.: jHe made his peace with ihe nasn HyVaxnuBtfeg: j;hem in the -satne way .j eo hat,- in stead vl getting - the .fopas-ending :> at'"r-iui4 : thh pummelling forward which hel deservedvhe janded: »8;,a foal and general iav6urite; and: One of the most amusing fellows fhadd man®. ; s for eras shipmate wilh I used id tett hfin that if he chose rto ;p6rfotmi: 8ahlsre;he was Sure: :t<r make- plenty:. of money, ffocqfoch Ventfiloquial powars as this were r. the eeareeX! thing in the wbrld; and I'd somlitimesXaiicy:. he 'meant to take my. advice;:; Bntr whethfo ie died Or kept oh going tOLteeikal dOnt- ' know-forafterteeieft itixeships Lneversaw: : nor, : heard ©f: h iirrs again if-'n- itohdbn/Tde Qfimfal -Yf-.r o .C'?:??? srf? '-.rarixom brr# rsdtet 