Lor.ri Dkp.by'.s persistent silence, in the face of the incontrovertible charges to which his Ministerial neglect has ex posed him in connection with tho annexa tion of the north-eastern portion of New Guinea by Germany, leaves not the shadow of a doubt that ho not only stands condemned in his otGcial character at tho bar of public opinion, but is self- convicted of having by his apathy and remissness checked for all future time the expansion of British colonisation in the Southern Hemisphere, and sown the seeds of political complications, which Australia is doomed to reap sooner or later in bitterness. Not a single extenu ating circumstance can he pled in his favor. Indeed, the one palpable infer ence from a calm review of negotiations relating to the occupation of New Guinea nnd theadjacent islands is thatLord Derby not only contemptuously ignored all the earnest and reiterated representations on the question pressed upon him by the Sydney Federal Council and the Agents- General in London, but actually facili tated the occupation by Germany of the localities from which British authority is now hopelessly excluded by his insensate perverseness. Wo are bound to say that Germany cannot fairly be accused of any lack of cour tesy iu this unhappy business. She entertained no serious designs, so far as can be ascertained, upon any territory contiguous to Australia until it wae made apparent, by repudiation on the part of the Colonial Secretary of the action of Queensland in March of last year, that England refused to occupy now Guinea on any terms. What wo protest ngainst is the pur blind disregard shown by Lord Derby of all explanations and remonstrances sent him almost without intermission in one form or other for the last twelve months. A resolution passed by the Sydney Convention expressly states ' that " further acquisition of dominion in " the Western Pacific south of the " equator by any foreign power would " be highly detrimental to the safety " and well being of the British posses- " Bions in Australia, and injurious to " the interests of the Empire." In May of tho present year Lord Derby dis tinctly affirmed in the name of his Government that " no foreign power " contemplates interference \vitli New " Guinea." In reply to a question in the House of Commons, on the 21th October, ns to whether England had come to an understanding with Gor- many respecting the occupation of a portion of New Guinea by tho latter power, the existence of any arrangement whatsoever on the point was denied by one of the heads of tho Colonial Office. So recently as when General Scratcbley's appointment as High Commissioner took place the colonialGovernments were duly informed that lie would assume the functions of " Deputy Commissioner "for portions of New Guinea outside " the protectorate." But if our readers desire to have a succinct rehearsal of the facts, let them attentively peruse the admirable memorandum which Mr. Service has addressed to His Excellency the Governor. Tn that document the Premier— who merits the highest praise for the genuine patriotism his statements breathe throughout — quoting from a previous communication of his own, strikes tho note for fntnre action : — " Australia is in this respect fettered by " her forming part of the British Empire. " She cannot take the course which her " truest interest dictates withoilt the " anthority of the Crown. ... A " strong feeling of dissatisfaction will " spread throughout the colonies if Eng- " land, while holding Australia back " from acting in her own interests, at the " some time neglects to tako a step " which Australia deems essential to " her future security and welfare." Notwithstanding this plain speak ing, endorsed at the time by all the neighboring colonies, the dreaded fatal step has been taken by Prince Bismarck, who, commenting with withering sarcasm on the ceremony gone through by Com- : modore Erskine, remarks that " a me e " paper proclamation" gives no claim to ; possession. This comes of Lord Derby's : studied absientiou from appropriating i tho land of New (iuinea. The practical | Chancellor, knowing better, maintains ' that if a savage country is occupied at all it ought to be, not simply for the negative purpose of protecting the inha bitants from the vices of the superior race, but also for their civilisation by the establishment of European trading settle ments. It was on the development of I the islands in question upon this rational : principle that the Australian colonies ! were bent, until bc-trayed bv an Imperii j Minister, who, with his colleagues, ought j to bo impeached by the House of Com mons for the indescribable calamity with which their disgraceful iioglect has visited these colonics. It is reassuring to know that our thwarted aspirations in this maltor at once excited commiseration and sympathy in the leading English press, Irom the i iuics downwards. Our satisfaction on this head would have been complato had we evidence of unanimity amoug iniluential .journals in the sister colonics The inculcation cud example of a policy, in pre- sence of so gravo a crisis, shown by tho Ministry and some of tho newspapers of New South Wales baiiie comprehen sion. The avowod indisposition of the South Australian Government, moreover, to join us in protesting against the wrong that has been done is far from encouraging. On the other hand, we cordially appreciate the support derived from the firm co-operation of Queens land and Tasmania. But under any conditions the course shaped for \ ictoria is unmistako- able. The past it is to bo feared is irretrievable. But tho lesson to be learned from the sovcre discipline through which we have lately passed is that never on any account again must tho immediate and relative interests of the colonies be sacrificed for an instant to the sentiment of loyalty. In this instance what is loyalty but blind obedience to the mere figure head of a public department who is absolutely in capable of judging what is best for the colonies I We vnluo the tie that unites us-to the parent country, and may the day be remote when from any cause its severance is demanded. But if the alternative should unhappily lie between a repetition of such criminal folly as our interests have so disastrously . suffered from at the hands of tho Gladstone Ministry and separa tion, we say deliberately that we profer the latter. It is imperative that tho colony should be roused from the centre to its circumference to express this view with emphasis in public assem blies. Why should not a requisition be sent at once to the Mayor of Melbourne to summon a mass meeting on tbe sub ject 1 Tho business is of sufficient moment to justify even a special meet ing of Parliament, that a new basis should he framed for determining tho range of questions on which we shall respectfully but energetically decline all future interference from the Colonial Department at home with the adminis tration of onr affairs. But in the mean time, and under any circumstances, lot Mr. Service on behalf of the unitod colonies' at once instruct Air. Murray Smith to point out to Lord Derby the blank folly of limiting the English pro tectorate to the coast line, and leaving tho whole inland territory behind it to the mercy of Germany. If he cannot induce Germany to retire altogether, he can at least save from her grasp what sho has not appropriated A coast line protectorate is a snare and delusion when wo can be debarred from access to the lands behind it Of what use is possession of tho shell when wo may not enjoy the kernel of the nut ? Under the appropriately mystic head ing of " Consulting the Oracle " we re published in Saturday's issue an account of a spiritualistic s :anco at which Mr. Gladstone was present to witness some experiments conducted for his special edification by a medium named Eglin- ton, who is not altogether unknown in Australian circles. Tho account is con fessedly given by Air. Eglinton himself to a reporter ; bat as it has not been cballongod by any of tho sitters, we may assume that it is in tuc main correct, 'iho usual phenomena are alleged to have taken place that are now tolerably familiar to tho public in connection with what is known as slate -writing. Air. Gladstone and his fellow sitters wrote questions in various languages on slates, locked and unlocked, and answers were given with more or less of pertinency to all ; and Air. Eglinton had the satisfaction of sending awny his distinguished visitor very much in the state of mind that Hamlet remained after the inter view witli his father's ghost — not quite assured that the ghost was a real one, hut quite willing to believe that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy. After making a note of what he had seen and heard, Mr. Gladstone left his company with nearly the same impres sion, namely, that there may be pos sibly forces in nature of which we know nothing, and that scientific men are to be blamod for not more pationtly investigat ing the particular forces which Air. Eg linton seems to be able to call up at will. It would, of course, be tho merest Quixotism of doubt to question whether Air. Eglinton really succeeded in im pressing Mr. Gladstone to this extent after what he has stated ; and we can roadilyconceivethat all good Spiritualists will hencoforth give the Premier of Great Britain a prominent place in tho list of distinguished converts. But how will that large number of people who are not Spiritualists, but are rather disposed to regard the cult and its pro ceedings with either indifference or positive dislike, view the occurrence 1 'The first impulse will be to say that Air. , Gladstone, like many other men of large ! mental gifts, has been imposed upon by i a clever juggler, working under con ditions favorable to the success of his jugglery ; but this is to pay a compli ment to Afr. Eglinton at the exDense of Mr. Gladstone's discernment, if Mr. Gladstone's discernment is at fault, then, radii i/iM-tiv, there is an end of Afr. Eglintou's spiritualistic pretensions. But what right have we to assume that Afr. Gladstone was over-reached 1 He was in complete possession of his senses ; he knew tho sort of trickery to which he was liable from the nature of the experiments : and we may be sure that he took every precaution which a vigi lant critical faculty could suggest to prevent himself from being imposed on. Why should his evidence be impugned simply because it is in favor of the ex perimenter 1 An exhaustive answer , would include an investigation into tho casuistry of the law of evidence, which is hardly suited lor the columns of_a newspaper ; but it will bo a sufficient reply to say here that the value of evi dence is in proportion to the antecedent improbability of the event to be proved : , and that it is more in accord with human experience that Air. Gladstone should j have been deceived than that spirits ' from another world should have written ' to him with a pencil on a slate. This i reasoning is applicable to Air. Glad- stone's evidence individually, and to the | spirit theory in particular ; but it is ' quite conceivable that a body of testi- j mony might be g.,t together which ; should be collectively so strong in favor of the genuineness of Afr. Eglinton's : phenomena that their genuineness would bo moro probable than their illusoriness. Even in that case, however, we should not be justified in resorting to the spiritual hypothesis in preference to an occult force, becauso wo have no experi ence of spirits, wliilo occnlt forces such as electricity and magnetism are daily being matin known to us by the exploring finger-touch of science, At present be fore the force which can write Hamlet or discover tho law of gravitation can ba detected, seou, and felt, it mu3t first be in combination with a few pounds ot carbon or lime, a few gallons of water, a few drachms of iron, an ounce or two of phosphorus and a pinch or two of sul phur. True, the result of this combina tion— thnt paragon of animals, man — is quite as astonishing and inexplicable as any spirit which wn3 over materialised in Mr. Eglinton's study, and if sud denly presented to the vision of a society of midges or newts would b9 just as fair an object of scepticism and incredulity ; but man is conscious of his own ex istence, and cau satisfactorily oppose that consciousness to tho doubters of the newt world. It would be a very, unphilosophi- oal newt who denied tho possibility of a creature who could write Hamlet; and no rational man will deny the possibility of a spirit visitor who could indite answers to Mr. Gladstone's question in Greek or French. What is required to coiivinco tho rational man is a certain preponderance of evitlenco that shall justify the spirit theory to the ex clusion of any other not quite so acces sible to tho crowd who, as Montaigne says, " believe that they believe, not " knowing what belief is." Wo are quite aware that Spiritualists will deny the applicability to them of that areh- agnoB- tic's arch classification. "Wo speak ' what we do know and testify what we I "have seen," they feel themselves just as much entitled to say as anv other body of religious thinkers ; and indeed it has boon said for thorn by a Frotestant clergyman of good repute thnt "tho " testimony is so abundant and so con- " sentancous that either the facts must " be such as they are reported, or the " possibility of certifying facts byhutaan " testimony must be given up." liobert Carter Hall quotes tiiis in his Jircolir:- tionr, and adds with all tho emphasis of italics--" biw that the souls of those j " we loved on earth hold communication "with us; I i.n a" it as well as i know "thattbore are two fingers andathumb "on my right hand." This is as good an example 03 could be desired of the loose way in which language is U3ed to deceive ourselves, as well ns of the iiimsiness of the metaphysical foundations on which creeds are occasionally built up. The knowledge which Uobert <Iall had of the existence of his fingers is a product of his own sensations, like the feeling of pain when those fingers are pricked ; and he can no more be said to know the presence of anything external to him iu tho same sense that ho knows the exis tence of any portion of his organism than he can be said to fed the pains in another person's body as the person him self does. Ho may persuade himself that he knows, but this is because he will not own to himself the difference, in Ai on- taigno's phrase, between believing and believing that he believes. A i ter all, the act of believing is very much a matter of personal idiosyncrasy. What is confirmation Btrong as proof of Holy Writ to Robert Hall may bo an object of derision to the sceptic on the other side of the table. An entertaining illustration to this effect on this very subject of Spiritualism may be found in the lately published Memoirs of the J'rinetxt Sa/m-ia/w, She and her husband were present at a s'ance in New York, at which somo really striking phenomena were exhibited. Tables tilted, and thundering raps were heard ou the ceiling in response to hor meroly mtnia! wishes, and finally a table leg was sawn cleanly off and placed on her lap at her silent command. The Prince left the room a complete convert ; bat sh9 remained, she says, as unconvinced of spirit life as whoa she entered it. The same obstinate rationality that Dr. Johuson tells us kept him from turning iioman Catholic kept her spirit-proof. Wo should not forget, however, in justice to tho Spiritualists, that the same Dr. .lohusou boliovod in the Cock- lane ghost and in communion with the dead. 