THE PRIESTLY BLESSING. AN ESSAY WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE " JEWISH HERALD." ALTHOUGH the authorities of both the Melbourne congre gations have thought lit in their wisdom to abolish the time-honoured custom of this benediction being said by the D'ord in our synagogues on the New Year and the three annual festivals, some remarks respecting it may perhaps not be unacceptable. It is well-known that the form of this benediction, and the law with regard to it are contained in Num. vi. 22-27. According to the usual rendering of the text, it would appear to have been in tended to be said by Aaron and his sons only, and consequently to bediscontinuedafter their death. It would also appear that it was to be bestowed only on tho whole congregation of Israel. Nor do wo learn from the text itself when it was to bo delivered. -All these points, however, aro explained in the Oral Law, according to which tho word here means posterity, and the benediction was to be said in the sanctuary by all the priests, including the High Priest, as long as that building existed, immediately after the offering of tho incense, and afterwards at the same time in the Temple, " In order," says It. Monachim, " that the people might not doubt that tho divine benediction would come down upon them from His celestial habitation, when they devoutly frequented His house here upon earth." Our sages also enacted, in perfect accordance with the spirit of this explanation, that it was to be said after tho destruction of the Temple in every congregation that had a synagogue, and even one priest to say it. It is also a remarkable fact that although all other distinction of tribe or family is entirely lost, our cwrD still remain distinct, and still bestow the benediction in every or nearly every congregation of Israel on the New Year, Yom Kippur, and the three annual festi vals. According to Dr. Frankel's "Jews of the East," itis still said in Jerusalem, every day at 9 p.m., before the wall, where they weep over the destruction of tho holy Temple. I may also remark that this benediction is regularly pronounced by the officiating minister in the Protestant Church of Denmark, the people reverentially standing during the reciting. The form in which the benediction was said in Jerusalem during the existence of the Second Temple is thus described by Maimon ides (Hilchoth Jefllla xiv., sees. 3, 7, 9); the Bavidbar Rabbet sec. 11), and the Targuin of Jonathan (in loco). "When tho priests blessed the people they stretched out their hands, and lifted them above their heads, with their fingers spread out; only the High Priest never lifted his above the plate of gold upon the mitre, and though, at the time of blessing, the priests and people stood face to face, right opposite each other, yet the priests never looked upon the people, but kept their eyes upon the ground, as during the time of prayer, nor might the people look upon the priests, lest their minds should be discomposed thereby." I need scarcely add that this custom continues in our synagogues to the . present day, the people turning sidewayB. In the Chaldee Targum, ! on the Song of Songs, it is also said, " When the priests spread I their hands in prayer, and bless their brethren of the house of Israel, their four lingers are separate, like branches of the palm tree, and their stature is as the date, and the congregation stand : face to face over against the priests, and their faces aro bowed to the earth like a cluster of grapes." The priests pronounced the blessing with a loud voice, amidst the solemn silence of the vast assemblage; but after they had concluded it, they said, in a lower tone : " Creator of the universe, wo have performed what Thou . hast decreed concerning us; do Thou also perform to us what Thou hast promised us-look down from the heavens, and bless Thy people Israel, and the land which Thou gavest us, to make it according to what thou didst swear to our fathers-a land flowing with milk and honey." I may also observe here that the . benediction contains just sixty (Hebrew) letters, and in the Chaldee . Targum, quoted above, and also in the Shir Bashirim /{abba, it ia . said, "How beautiful are Thy priests when they spread their hands and stand upon the desk and bless the people of Israel by the sixty letters which were delivered to Moses their master, and with. > that blessing which surrounds them like a wall, and by which the mighty men of Israel prevail and prosper." I need not tell any of my co-religionists that the assertion' that the triple form of this benediction has a reference. to the so called "Trinity in Unity" is ontiroly erroneous, and I only allude to it here in order to add that this belief has > been given up as untenable by many eminent Trinitarian Christian ? divines. Thus the late Dean Stanley, in his lectures on the Jewish Church (second series, lecture 36), says: " Tho priests had ' the peculiar privj' je of pronouncing a solemn benediction on the people. It was in that triple form which convoyed a sense of . ! absolute completeness, and according to the Jewish belief it was: pronounced with a corresponding triple division of the fingers of the upraised hand. The hand spread over the people seemed to give back to them tho lifo which had by the touch of their hands . been given to the priests." Still more emphatic is Dr. Stuart, who says : " Tho name Adonai is thrice repeated in this benedic tion, and from this circumstance some have argued that tho doctrine of the Trinity was attempted to be taught here, though some what veiled. Repetitions, however, denote intensity, accord ing to the usu8 lor/uendi of the Hebrews : ' 0, eafth, earth, earth, hear the word of the Lord.' (Jerem. xxii. 29.) From this we should not argue the triple nature of the earth." Borne Christian commentators, however, do not admit even that this doctrine is here " somewhat veiled," but have gone P.O far ah to apportion each benediction thuf;: " Tt in God the Father who blesses and keeps ti»; God the Son v/ho is gracious unto us; and God the Holy Ghost who gives uh peacc." They, have, however, omitted, to say which god it h that makes his face to shine upon UH, and lifts up hiB countenance upon us. Every Israelite, however, whether learned or unlearned, knows that it is Him and Him only Who is One, and His name One, Who blesses, keeps, is gracious unto ub, Who makes His face to shine upon us and gives us peace. Equally without foundai ion is the assertion that there is an allusion to this doctrine in the triple division of the fingers of the whilst pronouncing this benediction. I must, however, add that the true reason of this is only known to those deeply versed in the mysteries of the Kabbalah. But whatever its true reason may be, I emphatically deny that it has any allusion to a Trinity, and protest against the advantago that has been taken of certain obscure remarks of somo of our sages twisted from their real meaning by apostates from Judaism. It might have been thought that even apart from the fact of this benediction having been given to Moses by God Himself (blessed bo He), it is so sublime and all-sufficient that none (especially pious Israelites) would have ventured to make any Addition to, or alteration of it. Tho Targum of Jonathan, how ever, paraphrases it thus : " Thus shall ye speak unto the children of Israel whilo spreading forth your hands from tho sacred place 4 Tho Lord bless theo and keep thee. Tho Lord turn His displeasure from theo, TheLord lift upllis countenance upon thee, andgive thee ponce. Tho Lord bleHu theo in all thy business,and keep thee from the LilitliB of tho night, and things that give terror, and the demons of the noon and of the morning, and from malignant spirits and phantoms. The Lord make His face to whine upon theo when occupied in tho law, and reveal to theo its secrets, and bo merciful unto thoo. Tho Lord lift up his countenance upon theo in thy prayers, and givo tlieo peace in thy end.'" Others of our sages, though not venturing to alter theso benedictions, explain tho first to moan-" May the Lord blesfi you hero, and preserve you for tho life to come." Tho words, " May tho Eternal cause His face to shine upon theo and bo gracious unto theo," thoy say, is an ?uesuranco that His face will not shino upon us unless we do all in our power to deserve His Divine Light, Tho words, " May tho Eternal bless you," thoy say, contains tho further signification, " May Ho bless you with good children." I have already described the mode in which this benediction was delivered in tho Tomplo. To this I will now add that tho Talmud Treat, Sosah, folio 38, comments on tho words, "Thoy shall put My namo upon tho children of Israel. Yo shall bless them by tho peculiar name of the Deity." Should any one assort that tho bonediction was to bo pronounced in any othor of tho names ascribed to tho Doity, Holy Writ tolls thorn, ".Thoy shall pronounco My namo ovor tho children of Israel, My name, which is peculiar to Mo alono." It must, however, bo borno in mind that this namo was not pronounced with its correct points except on tho Day of Atonemont, when this benediction was flaid by tho High Priest alone, and oven then ho uttered tho name with ho many musical variations that its pronunciation could not be properly understood by tho assombled multitude. This reminds mo to remark that tho tono in whioh this bonediction is said in tho PortuguoHo Synagoguo at tho present day is belioved to bo tho Bamti as that daily said in tho Tomplo, having boon handed down by tradition. Boforo concluding', I would ask thoHo who object to tho blosBing its being continued to bo said in our Synagogues on tho ground that our aro not suHiciontly pious to justify us in tho expectation to derive any benefit from thoir prayors, none of thom being, aH thoy assort (perhaps truly), any bettor than themselvoB, to boar in mind that the bestowing of this benediction is a Divino institution, and that the Etoinal has not Baid, " If tho priests who pronounco this benediction aro pious, I will ratify it," but has emphatically said, " Thoy shall put My name upon the children of iBraol, and 1 will blm thorn" I would also romind thom of tho following allegory of our ancient sagos, wlion tho Lord said to Aaron and his sons, " Thus shall yo bless tho childron of Israel," tho nation ploadod before tho throno of God, saying, " O Lord of Etornity Thou commimdest tho priests to bless, , but wo require only Thy blessing, and would rathor bo blessod from Thy mouth," as it is written, " Look down from Thy holy habitation, from heavon, and bless Thy pooplo Israol." Tho Almighty rojoinod, " Although I enjoin tho priests to bless you, I stand by and direct tho bonediction." So far, indeed, woro our sages from believing that it was only tho bonediction of pious priests that was of benefit to tho people, that they enjoined that no priest should bo oxeused from joining in this bonediction on tho ground of not being Buflloiently pious. Thoy also said that priosts not labouring under tho blemishes that provontod thoir officiating in their other priestly duties woro obliged to join in this bonediction. And hero I venture to differ from many of our sages, who assort that this benediction benefits only those whose pious actions show them to be worthy o£ it,* and to maintain that it is beneficial to every individual who is in the Synagogue when it is said, for if, as these sages admit, the benefit of the benediction does not depend on the religious state of the C1:n3 who deliver it, so by a parity of reasoning it would not depend on that of those on whom it is bestowed, f Finally, I may remark that although I have throughout this Essay called this blessing the benediction of the priests, which in our sacred language would be twron rD12, it is more popularly known as pn, a name derived from ptt, the name of the sloping desk on which the nriests stood when ministering in the Temple. Richmond. P PT 