RELIGIOUS SERVICES: ST. KILIAN'S PRO-CATHEDRAL. The mission which was opened on the pre vious Sunday was continued on Sunday last at St. Kilian's Pro-Cathedral. Father Moore omututicii l thr. Mass helil held at eleven o'clock, and the Very Rev. Prior Butler preacliert, Hi3 sermon had referenco to Saint Joseph, and \Vsia marked with all that eloquence and power which has been ascribed to the preacher, who had not previously been heard in Sandhurst. He commenced by referring to the beautiful article of the creed, "I belicro in the com munion of saints," which joined them' altogether, and made them feel how pleasing it Was to havo these kindly spirits abovo them look ing down upon them, sympathising with them in misfortune and praying for them. This Catholic doctriuo of the communion of tho saints brought before their minds the virtues prerogatives and dignity, which God had assigned to his chosen servants. lie hud threo propositions regarding tho saint whom they were that day honoring. Tho first proposition !ia had to put before them was that tho nobler and greater the work that God destined any mortal for, the higher tho capabilities and powers he endows that mau with. This was almost a self evident proposition. He could multiply examples, by which it was evident that God assigned to certain men in every age tho performance of some great mission or work, and for its accomplishment ho armed them with virtue, power and holiness. The ability of men to guide others, to rule over others, to bo kings among men, was every day exemplified. The oflice of the saint whom they wero honoring was to watch, not over the works of God's hand, but over tho Lord by whom those works were created. The second proposition was that, the nearer any mortal approached to God, the holier that being of necessity becomes. They wore told by the holy scriptures that Joseph was a "just" man. How faithfully did this word apply in his case. Havingbccomeaffiancedto a young virgin,he dis covers that she is shortly to become a mother. He is disturbed in mind. He believes that ho is a wronged man, that sho has betrayed him, and brought sorrow to his heart. Yet he re solves to put her away quietly, and not de nounce her to the authorities. When visited by the angel and told that tho virgin lias con ceived by tho Holy Ghost, he obeys the com mand imposed regarding the safety of the child, because it is the voice of God that he hears. Tho third proposition was that the nearer the saint is to God, the more is ho lost in God, and the less we know about him. As the rising sun each morning dispels the darkness which shrouds the earth, so does tha glory of God dissipate tho blackness of the soul as it rises upon it. Great and noble had been the ollice which God had destined Joseph to fulfil, and when the time came for the world to fade from the old man's sight, did his office terminate then with his death? As Jesus Christ enmo to minister to man by life and death, the office therefore of Jesus Christ did not terminate with his death. The music at the eleven o'clock mass was from Hayden's No. 2 mass, and was in every respect worthy of the occasion. Clifton's " Eeee DeU3" was sung by Mr. M. Macoboy at the ollertory, with good effect. The other principal vocalists were Miss L. Sexton, soprano; Miss E. White, alto; Mr. F. Macoboy, tenor; and Mr. J. Ripper, bass. Mrs. Tamlyn ably presided, and Mr. J. Tamlyn etiiciently conducted the mass. rAt vespers the body of the church was crowded to its utmost capacity, and a number of thecongrcgration had to be provided with Beats in the sanctuary. The Rev. Father O'Callaghan officiated. After vespers the Very Rev. Prior Butler delivered one of the most eloquent dis courses heard in the church since the visit to Sandhurst of the late Archbishop Vaughan, selecting his text from the Gospel of St, Matthew, 24th chapter, 30th verse, "And we shall see the Son of Man coining in the clouds of Heaven, with much power and majesty." He said that religion at the present time was looked upon as merely a secondary consideration in comparison with the affairs of this life. Many even doubted the existence of God, whilst they were loud in the worship and praise of His works. When God created the world, and looked upon the work of His hands, ho pronounced it good in His sight; and afterwards he created man, and breathed into him the soul of life, giving him free will, clothing hira with ■ graces, and pro nouncing this His most glorious work. But mortal sin entering into tlio world this beauti ful picture was all changed. The very earth became dry and withered, and nature refused to spring forth except by the toil of man. God wa3 grieved at having created man, but look ing upon this ruin he saw there was beauty in it still, and in His infinito love assumed tlio form of man, with all his infirmities, that he might labor for his redemption. Even.in His dying moments His great love for mankind was exemplified in His last words, "Father, for give them, for they know not what they do." The reverend preacher then endeavored to give his hearers an idea of the last judgment, likening it to the storms and earthquakes of this planet of ours. lie asked them there in his presence to decide in their miuds on which side they would stand. On Monday morning masses were celebrated at seven o'clock by the very Rev. Dr. Reville, and at eight o'clock by the Rev. Father Moore. A sermon was preached by Father Moore at the eight o'clock mass ou the fifth commandment, "Thou shalt not kill." In the evening after tho recital of the " Rosary " by the Rev. Father O'Conuell, the Very Rev. Prior Butler delivered an eloquent sermon, of over an hour's duration on " the great evil existing in the world, namely, sir,." He said that with many persons sin was only looked upon as an evil second in importance to the evil of losing their wealth or position in life. He intended to ask- them to consider seriously with him that evening the sin of impurity, a sin looked upon by God as the most grievous and offensive in his sight. Like an artist when he created and realised the grand idea on canvas that was moving in his mind, so with God when he created man. He looked upon him as the realisation of hia grandest idea, tho body of man so delicately and beautifully fashioned in all its parts, but above all the human soul, tho most perfect of his creation. The three great powers of will, understanding, and memory, what wonderful conceptions they were. \\\ hatcver tended to destroy tins creation must be looked upon a.3 an object of horror and hatred. With what hatred would this artist look upon him who destroyed his picture? With what hatred, then, must the Creator of this soul of man look upon him who had a hand in it destruction V>y the sin of impurity—the destruction of this divine image of God ? Parents little knew the "clanger their children were exposed to in these evil times. In the very air around them, and oftontimes from the example of their parents in making use of indecent expressions, this sin of impurity was imbibed by their children. Christ had said, " Woe to them that scandalize any of these my little ones. It were better for him that a millstone were tied round round his neck and that he was drowned in the depths of the sua." [Ie denounced in strong and forcible terms the system of State education pursued in these colonies. lie entreated all right-minded persons to take t!mr stand against the crime of impurity. To parents ho would say, " Preserve that gem of purity asyou would the apple- of your eye." Unfortunately in this country the vice of impurity was rampant, and he would ask them to use all their force3 against it. To the chaste there was a happi ness of soul the world could not purchase, but to the impure there was a constant restlessness, a constant desire of drowniug sorrow, which oftontimes led them on to the vice ol drunken ness. 7.'he services yesterday morning were attended by large and dovout congregations. First mass was celebrated at seven o'clock by the Very Rev. Prior Butler, and at eight o'clock, mass was said by the Rev. Father Moore. The latter gentleman delivered an excellent discourse at this mass on the sixth commandment—" Thou shalt not commit adultery." In the evening the officiating clergyman wa3 the Rev. Father O'Connell. The Very Rev. Prior Butler preached an eloquent discourse on "The sacri fice of the New Law." WESLEY AN IIO.ME MISSION. "FoREST-STr.KKT.—The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, of Eaglehawk, preachctlon Sunday morning. The rev. gentleman, before- couifnencing his sermon, stated that the collection would be in aid of the Home Mission. Prior to hearing of the failure of the Oriental Bank on Saturday ho had in tended to address them 011 the claims which the Home Mission Society had on their generosity. However, as a very large number would bo affected by this circumstance, he would rather preach on a more congenial and pleasant subject. He would dircct their attention to the 12th chapter of the -ml Epistle to Corinthians, the 7th, Sth and 9th verses. The preacher said that the character and life of St. l'aul presented a series of tile most striking and varied contrasts'. His mind was of the most resolute texture: yet his sensibilities were the most acute. He was familiar with the widest cx ' tremes of glory and shame, of affection and haired, of suffering and honor. Jlti was caught Up to be thrilled with the very life of paradise, and afterwards was grovelling with a thorn in tile flush. Various conclusions had been put forth ai to the nature of this "thorn in the flesh," but it was most probably blindness. This incident when looked at was very illustrative; 1st., as casting light upon the lft'auy mysterious, painful trials to which God's people sro subjected in the present life ; 2nd, as exhibiting the beneficial design of adverse providences towards God's people; 3rd, that the course of God to sanctify aliliction and to derive the richest blessing is all sufficient. The rev. gentleman, in closing, referred to the cheerful, glac? ami submissive spirit exhibited through Paul's life. Natural fortitude, without Divine Grace, was insufficient, because it was partial in its distribution and wa3 nnreliab'o. In the ovening the Bev, Spencer Williams, secretary to the mission in Victoria, discoursed, his text being Zachariah 1st chapter, 3rd verse —" Therefore say thou unto them, thus saith tlie Lord of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the Lord of 1ioh:s. The rev. gentleman remarked ft Was r.n established principle of the New Testament that whatsoever things were written were for our learning, instruction and advantage. The words of the text were to bv traced to the impenitent Jews; bnt they clearly expressed in a concise and forcible form tho message of Divine mercy contained in the Gospel of tho Lord Jesus Christ. The language plainly intimated that there was a distance lxi tween those invited and the Most High. It was not a local but a moral distance. God was present in all places, and at all times—always. He would in the first place call their attention to the midway suggested between God and man, to which man is invited and to which God lias promised to condescend to come. Tho first midway between God and man vrns the Divine image in a moral point of view. In tho second place he would ask them to look at tho approaches on the two aides to this place. Tho approaches on man's side " Turn ye unto mo saitli the Lord, etc." There were three steps requisite to bring the sinner to this place, repentance, faith, and prayer. The rev. gentleman preached a lengthy and impressive sermon. Golden-squai'.k.— At this church the Rev. Spencer Williams conducted the morning ser vice. He chose his text from Luke, Othchapt., 25th verse" For what is a man profited if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul." The preacher said Christ employed a number of means to instil into the minds of men his truths. Christ having brought before them the end and the beginning, then makes use of the words of tiie test. Man in himself and to himself is of inestimable value. The preacher then re ferred to the value of man as set down by the materialists and pantheists, and the mail in tho sight of God. He reckons him as one of his own, and being endowed with a soul, reason and superior intelligence, a3 one of hi3 noblest works. In concluding he urged all to make sure of living so that they might not lose . their souls, anil be lost for ever; and in stating that there were hundreds and thousands in the colony who did not know what it was to lose their souls, he urged all Christians to unite and .assist in their enlightenment. In the evening tlie service was conducted bv the Rev. J. S. Greer. California Hill —On Sunday Mission ser vices were held in this church. The morning services were conducted by the Rev. \V. L. Blamires, who preached au eloquent ai d im pressive sermon from tho "21st chapter of Genesis, tho 17th, ISth, and 10th verses. Tho Kev. A. Powbll officiated in the evening. At the conclusion of the sermon the sacrament was administered. There was a large attendance on both occasions. Eaulkiiawic.—'The Kev. A. l'owcll conducted the morning service in this church on .Sunday and preached from the 1st Ephesians, 1st chap ter, and a portion of the 7tlx verse. The llev. W. L Blamires occupied the pulpit in the evening. Collections were taken up at the con clusion of both services in aid of the Homo Mission Fund. A public meeting in aid of the Wesleyau Homo Mission was held in the Wesleyan Church, Long Gully, last evening, when the chair was occupied by Mr. Isaac Martin, and thero was a meagre attendance, there being only about 70 persons present. The pro ceedings having been opened in the usual manner, the chairman briefly introduced the Kev. Spencer Williams, who spoke at length on mission work, eloquently pointing out the results derived, and commending the work to the earnest sympathy of all present. The • collection was then taken up, after which the Rev. Arthur Powell briefly addressed the meeting in support of the object in view. The meeting closed in the ordinary manner. All Saints' Ciiukcii.—The energy of a pro minent member of the choir (Mr. J. L. Irvine), and the generosity of a considerable section of the congregation has provided the choristers with new cassocks and surplices, which were worn for the first time on Sunday, and consider ably enhanced the the appearance uniformity ensures. The incumbent was the preacher in the morning, and in the evening the Kev. (!. F. Cross gave au admirable Jermon on the pas sage occurring in the first epistle general of Peter, 2nd chapter, 12th verse, commencing "Having your conversation honest." The rev. gentleman spoke with considerable force and earnestness on the marked contrast which exists between the maxims which guide our lives, and the laws which should be our ruling principles, ami regretted that they should be so much at variance, as to cause a great man}' professing Christians to thoroughly ignore t\ieir religious precepts. Tho choral portions of tiie services were exquisitely sung, and Mr. King presided at the organ. Sr. Mauk's Chci'.i'h, Gor.nKN-svUAr.K..—At the morning and evening services conducted at this church on Sunday sermons were preached by the Kev. <1\. Taylor, M.A., who was recently appointed the pastor of the church in place of the Kev. J. Ilowell, who has removed to, Castlemaine as incumbent of C'uisi's Church there. Mr. Taylor took his text from Luke, lflth chapter, lOtli verse, " For the son of mau is come to seek and to save that which was lost." The preacher took for hi3 points the object of the undertaking, tho motive which prompted it, and the magnitude of ics success. As in the morning there was a large congrega tion. This evening in the Foresters' Hall a tea meeting will take place, after which the Kev. Mr. Howell will deliver his farewell ad dress, and Mr. Taylor v.-ill be welcomed. The Ven. Archdeacon M'Cuiiagh will preside. CjIALMKR.s' CilL'I'X'II, l'oRKST-STKK.CT. — On Sunday morning, before preaching, the Kev. V, M. Riordan addressed some words of advice to the congregation, lie first spoke of the neces sity for mutual helpfulness, mutual forbearance, and especially mutual charity. In the latter connection he spoke of the j reat misery caused by tale-bearing and backbiting, and reminded his hearers of the following texts:—"The words of a tale-bearer are as "wounds;" "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor " Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil." Mr. liiordan concluded by saying, "If these principles are cultivated and observed, then will we, as a congregation, have the blessing of God upon o-.ir church, the blessing which, is pcaee, the blessing which is prosperity." The text was; " Tim foul h.ith said in his heart, ' Thero is no tiod.'" "salm XIV., 1st verse. 