LOCAL XNZfiliLXSSIICS SHIPPING ITEM —The barque Zohrab, which received damage to her bulwarks in a gale on hor voyage froin Newcastle to Port Augusta, is now being repaired. STEALING FROM- A DWELLING. —James Mulcahy, a laborer, was committed for trial on Monday at Hawkor for stealing two gold rings, the property of J. E. Clarke, at the Wonoka Hotel, Hawker. TOWN COUNCIL.—'The ordinary meeting of the Port Augusta Town Council should have taken place yesterday afternoon, but as only Councillors Anderson and Mellor were present, at the expiration of the ten minutes "grace" allowed the meeting lapsed for want of a quorum. A BUSINESS CHANGE.—By advertisement in another column, it will be seen that the building and general timber business carried on at Port Augusta under the name of Thos. Sara & Co., will still be carried on under the same title, but now on Mr Sara's sole account and interest. A GALE. — On Monday night a very strong gale came up from the South West, and on Tuesday morning nearly all the boats in the Port were waterlogged. Farther than the swamping of boats and barges, and the blowing of a few sheets of iron from the wheat stacks in the town, we have heard of no serious damage being done. INSTITUTE COMMITTEE.—A special meat" ing of the Committee of the Port Augusta Institute was held on Tuesday evening 111 the subscribers' reading room. There were present Dr Markham, president, R<-v R. Mitchell, and Messrs Mellor, Hullett, Arnold, and the Secretary, Mr A. E. Nott. It WB6 decided to procure £100 worth of new books for the library. Several lists were brought forward, and selections made from them, and it was decided to meet again this evening to complete the selection. ELLISTON.—A correspondent writes : —" I am sorry to say that diphtheria is spreading here ; a child of Mr C. Okely died on August 13 and was buried yesterday. Several more are laid up with it, uod it is certainly time a doctor Bett ed t in the district ; the recently appointed h committee intends moving in the matter d at once. Captain Kranse, of the schooner Warratta, has done a great amount of good, as he understands something about the complaint and has sat up several nights attending to the sufferers. DEEP OK SHALLOW CULTIVATION.—At the last meeting of the Caltowie Brand of the Farmers' Association, Mr Pearce, one of the members, read a paper on " Dr-ep or shallow cultivation". H<i explained that by deep cultivation lie did not neces sarily mean deep ploughing, but a stirring of the subsoil to a depth of 9 or 12 inches He was not in favour of ploughing to a greater depth than 6 inches, but, by means of a scarifier, 6imply stirring the subsoil. Theessayist gavedetails of some of his own experiments, and described the mechanical condition of a field at the Roseworthy Experimental Farm, which had been treated in the way described, as compared with several adjoining fields not so treated, w, during the wet weather in September last. He said that Professor Custance was not in favour of subsoiling if a wheat crop was to be grown on the land at once, but recommended that it should be done at fallowing time, or, at all events, that some crop other than wheat be grown the first year MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.—The ordinary meeting of this Society was held in the Institute Hall on Monday evening, August 25, the Rev R. Mitchell (vicepresident) in the chair. The business of the evening was a lecture on " Hamlet" by Mr C. Maley. The lecturer commenced by saying that Shakspeare's plays might be divided into three classes— tragic, comic, and historical, but that in his view all were more or less historical. The tragedy of Hamlet owed its origin to an historical episode of the twelfth century, and was first produced in the year 1602. No copy of this edition was now extant, but the play was remodelled by its author, and produced in its present form in 1604. A short sketch of the plot of the play was then given. Hamlet's father, the K ; ug of Denmark, was poisoned by his brother, who married the widowed Queen with an unseemly haste, that caused Haml -t to remark with caustic irony, " The funeral baked meats did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables." The famous soliloquy, " O, that this too, too 6olid flesh would melt," was recited, and the lecturer passed on to Hamlet's interview with the ghost of his father, the text of which was also recited. The information gained in this interview induced Hamlet to feign madness that he might better avenge his father's death. His madness was attributed to his love for Ophelia, daughter of Polonius, and he took care not to dispel the illusion. His uncle, the King, grew apprehensive, and resolved on sending him on an embassy to England, in company with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, two college companions of Hamlet, who bore sealed instructions to have him accused of a crime in England, and put to death by the English King. Hamlet, on the eve of his departure, had an interview with his mother, during which Polonius was concealed behind the drapery of the room. Hamlet, discovering the presence of an eaves dropper, made a thrust with his sword through the arras, under the impression that the hidden witness was his uncle, and killed Polonius. He became possessed on the voyage to England of the scaled instructions, and substituted others for them, which were instrumental in effectually disposing of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. On Hamlet's return to Denmark the King and Laertes (Polonius' son, who was determined to avenge his father's death) arranged a fencing contest between Hamlet and the latter, in which the button of the Laertes' foil was to drop off, and the point being poisoned, it was expected that Hamlet's death would ensue. To make assurance doubly sure, it was arranged that the king should hand Hamlet a cup of poisoned wine. Hamlet, however, refused the wine, and the Queen unwittingly took a portion of the poison. Hamlet was slightly wounded by Laertts. and in a rally they changed weapons. Laertes was wounded with his own envenomed sword, confessed the plot and expired. Hamlet then stabbed the king with the poisoned weapon, drank off the remainder of the wine, and the tragedy ended, with the death of the four cliit-f dramatis personce The lecturer remarked that nearly 200 of the most familiar quotations of the present day were taken from Hamlet Shakspcare'e plays were written, for the greater part, in poetic form, but contained some very bad poetry, and frequent mis pliicing of accents rendered the verse very difficult to read, and prevented many people from attemptingShakspeariao recitations and readings. The play he had been reviewing that evening was Shakspeare's masterpiece, and showed what extraordinary knowledge of human nature be must have possessed. The interview with the Queen, Hamlet's famous soliloquy on death, and other passages were recited, and at the conclusion of his essay, which was delivered without the aid of manu script or notes, Mr Maley was warmly complimented by several members on hiB effort. New Zealand politics getting more mixed every day. Sir George Grey can't form a Ministry, and a second dissolution ie talked of, 