NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Quiet Meeting. McLaren Rowdiest. Healey mixed. Australians won. Cockburn and Miller. Plenty of good soup. Forty applicants for soup. McLaren's only peroration. The leather-lunged encored. Idle man loss to community. Small scores at Birmingham. Murray Smith a master of arts. Wanted, bread to eat with soup. Streaky Bay people want a jetty. What is a loss to the commonwealth? Committee enquiry Hindmarsh tram. Inquest on Pulsford's fire not yet over. Benhamo's circus near Central Market. Working men don't want to go to Millicent. Enteric fever has broken out at Port Pirie. Australians lost six wickets in getting 33 runs. Striking bakers going to establish a bake- house. Norwood footballers banqueted in Mel- bourne. Plenty of meat and vegetables in Alderman Kither's soup. There is a great demand for Australian mutton in Ireland. The meeting got off cheaply with two speeches from McLaren. Letter-carriers of Sale, Portland, and Ararat to have tricycles. The mileage of the proposed Melbourne tramways is over 49 miles. Only two members of Parliament addressed the working men's meeting. Miss Stratenus is said to be the only poet of which Holland can boast. Unity is strength, says Mr. Healey. We have heard this remarked before. The newspaper stamp tax is to be abolished in Austria on the first of January next. When McLaren spoke last night the accu- mulated dust on the chandeliers fell down. McLaren's peroration, "Develop the geolo- gical and mineralogical resources of the colony." In the north-eastern districts of Victoria settlers are training cats to destroy the rabbits. The Bishop of Angers has strongly opposed the proposed erection in France of a statue to Coligny. A gold mine of extraordinary richness has been discovered in the Canadian rocky mountains. The territorial possessions of the late Duke of Buccleuch comprised 460,008 acres, with a rental of £217,163. The sailing vessels and steamers which floated the British flag last year represented nearly 65,000,000 tons. Over 100 steamships are said to be lying idle in the Tyne, while at Shields 3,000 men are out of employment. Experiments are being made on phospores- cent jelly-fish, which it is claimed will furnish the artificial light of the future. The exceptionally fine weather lately ex- perienced has enhanced the favorable pros- pects of the Prussian wheat crop. The Swiss Government are taking measures to check the assaults which have been made on Salvationists in that country. The American naval authorities have offered a reward of over £6,000 for the rescue of the missing Greeley expedition. The sum of £1,000,000 will shortly be ex- pended on the work of doubling the railway line between Montreal and Toronto. The Hungarian Government are obtaining a report on the frequent earthquakes that have occurred recently in Sclavonia. Up to the end of April the British Govern- ment had not succeeded in carrying one mea- sure indicated in the Imperial speech. One hundred and eleven undergraduates have offered their services for the formation of a company in the Victorian militia. A British Parliamentary paper shows that 17,222 persons were convicted in England of drunkenness on Sunday, and 271 in Wales. Two English ladies, who have travelled on tricycles from Switzerland to the Riviera, are about to start on a journey through France. Lyons and Geneva naturalists are inves- tigating a stalactite cave recently discovered near Cerdon, in the Ain department, France. Ten prehistoric graves have been discovered at Verno, near Pisino, containing bronze urns, dishes, covers, bracelets, rings, brooches, &c.; The scheme for establishing a trade route from Cape Colony through Bechuanaland to the interior of Africa, has worked success- fully. The Kingoto district, in Japan, boasts of a centenarian family, every member of which since the earliest times has reached 100 years of age. Two dead Russian bears have been con- signed in a frozen state to the Smithfield meat market. The flesh has been highly appreciated. Fifty suicides, and losses to the extent of 12,000,000 francs are said to represent the yearly balance-sheet of gambling enterprise at Monte Carlo. The omission of the Comte de Paris from the list of Royal invitations to the Duke of Albany's funeral greatly incensed the New Orleans family. Mr, Spurgeon having learned that some one is teaching a donkey to talk says that some one is wanted to teach Parliamentary donkeys not to talk. The late General De Wimpffen has left to the world memoirs which throw a new light on the capitulation of Sedan, with which event he was connected. Prof. Mattien thinks science need not despair of transforming mutton suet or palm cil or vaseline into candles which will give heat as well as a good light. Manitoba grumbles at the unequal manner in which its affairs are administered by the Dominion Government, and threatens separa- tion from the Confederation. Not content with a standing army of 2,00,000 soldiers, the French Government have introduced a measure which, if carried, will make every Frenchman a soldir. Mr. Clifford Lloyd, who has just resigned all connection with Egyptian affairs, is stated to have been the most hated man in Egypt. He bore the same reputation in Ireland. Messrs. Patrick Casey, Jas. Stephens, John O'Leary, and the Very Rev.N Father Hogan, are described as the leading Irish dynamiters at the present time in Paris. The immigrants arriving in New York during the months of January, February, and March, numbered 41,290 against 49,652 in the corresponding quarter of last year. The permanent secretaryship of the British Admiralty, worth £2,000 a year, has been con- ferred upon the second principal clerk. The appointment has given some dissatisfaction. Barnum, who, though not a poet himself, has done much to encourage poetry in others, has offered £125 for the best poem on a new white elephant he has just imported from India. The Duke of Norfolk is interesting him- self in restoring the grand old abbey of Buckfastleigh, in Devonshire, which is occu- pied by 40 monks expelled from France a few years ago. A great bull fight was to have come off in Paris recently. In order that all sanguinary features might be absent the picadors were not allowed to kill the bulls whose horns were gold-tipped to prevent accidents. Trade in eggs forms a leading feature in continental commerce. Last year 17,000 cases containing 120 dozen were forwarded to New York from Austria, Italy, Denmark, Turkey, and other countries. The Russian authorities believe in repress- ing the press; but despite the vigor with which they enforce their belief St. Petersburg alone boasts of 520 newsvendors who daily sell 19,000 copies of newspapers. Archibald Forbes has contradicted the statement of Mr. Redmond, M.P., that in Queensland "kidnapped Fijians die in large numbers towards the end of the three years' period when their accumulated pay becomes due." Thousands of people have assembled at Mianusburg, Ohio, to view a new ghost which the mayor and other civic dignitaries testify to having seen. The spectre has been assaulted with clubs and fired at without avail. The Governments of Austria and Germany intend to open books and papers arriving from Switzerland, with a view of suppressing anarchist literature. The Swiss Government are taking similar measures within their own boundaries. 