THE PASTORAL DISTRICTS OF THE FAR NORTH.— No. VII. [By our Special Reporter.] On the Road.— Hundreds of Baldina, Mongolata, and Rees.— A Change of Country.— The Rainfall Line. — Ketchowla. — Saltbush Plains. — Quartz and Ironstone.— A Sea of Scrub. — Austin's Dam. — A Ghostly Scare.— Reservoir Excavated by Steam power.— Oratan Run.— The Ironstone Nob.— Flood-marks. And now, if the reader be pleased to ac- company me, i will ask him to jump into an imaginary trap and we will set our faces towards the saltbush country. While he is about it he had better imagine the buggy to be well stored with provisions, and to carry also a tent, axe, and spade, because, although the hospitality of the pastoral tenants is pro- verbial, yet we acknowledge no precise limit for our stages other than that which is im- posed by the inexorable necessity of camping where there is water. Starting then from the Burra we travel easterly for about ten miles, in the course of which we cross the boundary of the Hundred of Koo- ringa and enter Baldina. Then shaping a little more northerly we cut off a little bit of Mongolata, and take the Hundred of Rees from corner to corner. Of these three hundreds all which for my present pur- pose it is necessary to say I have already said in a previous article. Once past the eastern boundary of Rees we are also past the frontiers of agricultural settlement, or, more properly, of the hundreds which have been proclaimed such with a view to their occupation by agricultural selectors, and are fairly entered upon the region of saltbush. You at once recognise an unmistakable change in the country. Vegetation, not over luxuriant for that matter even in the neigh- bourhood of Kooringa, is less so here, and is also of a wholly different kind. As we travelled along we noted that the grass seemed inclined to taper out, as it were, into streaks and patches, and both it and the advanced guard of saltbush (which was at once recognised) had the general appear ance of being in illegal occupation of debat- able ground, and liable to be summarily ordered off the premises. Even this botanical no-man's-land is left behind now. The grass has wholly disappeared, and you may take comfort or otherwise, as your disposition inclines you, in the assurance that in the matter of surface vegetation you shall see little else but saltbush any more until we again approach Goyder's line of rainfall. I think most people—I am very sure that a great many—have of late been in the habit of thinking that this famous line was pretty much a matter of fancy with our Surveyor-General—that he used a red pencil as a magician might use a wand, and, making a fantastic curve upon the map of our colony, arbitrarily proclaimed it as a fence which the wise selector would not attempt to leap over. And when there were recorded instances of copious rainfall outside this line, and more than all, when it was known that over 10 bushels of wheat to the acre had been taken from land so situate, what a triumph it was for the scoffers. Perhaps, though, it might be well to remember that Nature her- self laid down the line to which Mr. Goyder attached a locality and a name. If we had stopped at debatable ground between salt- bush and grass which we travelled over just now, and, instead of coming north- east had followed that line of junction between grass and salsolaoeous herbage, right round the head of Spencer's Gulf, and down south-westerly in the direction of Franklin Harbour—the line is easy enough to follow— and if after doing this we had plotted a map of our route, we would have produced a close approximation to the cele- brated rainfall line. This mute testimony of Nature herself may not be gainsaid, and ought not to be ignored. We are now approaching the south-east corner of what was the Ketchowla Run. This run has been cut in two from north to south by the easterly margin of the hundred, and by far the largest part is now included in the Hundreds of Ketchowla and Tom- kinson, as to the agricultural progress of which I have previously spoken. The country hereabouts may be classed as good saltbush plains, varied by low hills or rises, which are for the most part occupied by bluebush. We cross a corner of what used to be the Ketchowla run, but which is now inside the boundary of County Kimberley and is held under annual leases—which, should the land not be required by the agriculturist in the meantime, will probably be renewed up to the year of pastoral doom, 1888. The present leases comprise 223 square miles of country. As to their carrying capacity, some hint may be taken from the fact that they were returned in June, 1882, as depasturiug 276 great cattle and 13,600 sheep, while in June, 1883, the corresponding return showed 273 cattle and 7,717 sheep only. There seems to be but slender reason for supposing that this country will be demanded in the interest of the agriculturist, for although we are as yet not very far outside Goyder's rainfall line, yet the unmistakable brand of the demon drought is impressed upon everything. We left the eastern boundary line of the hundreds at Rees, but we are still inside the limits of County Kimberley ; in fact, just here the country is divided from north to south by four independent lines. First, the eastern boundary of the proclaimed hundreds which we crossed sometime ago ; next, and eleven miles to the eastward, the line which forms the eastern boundary of District B ; thence nine miles further east by the eastern side of Counties Herbert, Kimberley, and Burra ; and once more sixteen miles easterly by Goyder's red line. Inside the counties the land where pastoral occupation is as yet undisturbed is held on the tenure of annual leases only. In the next division, which includes the country between the limit of counties and the red line, the leases which expire in 1888 are mostly uninterfered with, whilst those which had longer terms before them have been, as a matter of pre- caution consequent upon the enormous de- mand for cultivable land, resumed in the usual way. Passing from Ketchoula or Ketehowla—f or it is spelt both ways—we turn more to the northward over parts of Leases Nos. 1896 and 1897, which were originally dated to expire in 1891, but which have been resumed and are held under annual terms. The country so far has changed but little since we passed the dividing line. Saltbush plains and blue bush rises form the refrain of a song which may be appropriately applied to thousands and thousands of square miles of country in the North. The only variation is that which is furnished by the abundance or the scarcity of scrub, for, un- less at very close view, the kinds of bush or vegetation are too closely allied to form any element of variety. Hereabouts, how ever, we have, for the most part, sandal- wood and heaoak. I might point out a mulga here and there, but when my auditor said " Oh, ah, yes, I see," &c.;, &c.;, I should know that the ejaculations were merely an acknowledgment that I had performed a necessary introduction, and by no means arose from any discrimination on his part between mulga and any other form of bush or tree. While, however, we are jogging along in the direction of Austin's Dam, let me call his attention to the fact that much of the ground over which we are travelling is thickly strewn with small half-rounded gravel of quartz and ironstone. Were this on a hillside or in any place where there was a reasonable chance of touching " bottom" it would set a digger half wild to go to work with pick, shovel, and dish. Here, however, it seems clear enough that the gravelly deposit is a surface one only, and owes its apparent abundance to the fact that rain and wind have taken turn about at removing the lighter surface soil and left the stones behind. But, nevertheless, the occurrence of such " keenly" indications even here does certainly suggest that somewhere away in the hills which are visible to the north west there may be some mineral treasures well worth discovering. We are now entering upon the margin of that mighty tract of country known as the Eastern Plains. Only on the margin, for the hills keep constant watch upon us away to the left there, while all round to the right the country, as we see it from the top of some gentle rise, seems to slope evenly and gently down to the horizon, and shows like a vast sea of scrub. They tell us that, except- ing the Faraway Hill—which you will make desperate efforts to discover, and at last pur- suade yourself that you really see--this stretch, of country presents an unbroken sweep to the very banks of the Murray River, which at its nearest point as the crow files is something like sixty miles away. Meanwhile our track is over the lightest and gentlest of undulations—the last faint heavings of broken country before it subsides into the interminable monotony of the river plain. The soil as we go along is mostly a reddish clayey loam, and if the average rain fall read inches where at present it shows only tenths of an inch no doubt the vegeta- tion would be as rank as it is on the banks of the Broughton River after a wet spring. As it is you see everywhere evidences that the country has lately enjoyed the unwonted luxury of a showerbath, and the herbage looks clean and fresh, suggesting in some far- off way the case of a man afflicted with an in- curable constitutional disease who looks all the better after his " shower" but can never acquire the ruddy cheeks or sparkling eyes of vigorous adolescence or sturdy manhood. And so we come to what is known as Austin's Dam, a fine sheet of water, looking its best now, as it has been filled to over flowing by the late rains, and certainly deserving the title of reservoir, even if it has not a claim to be regarded as a lake. And, as illustrating what has been done to develop the country in this neighbourhood, I may mention that within a radius of eight miles from Austin's Dam there are at least ten other artificial reservoirs, varying in capacity from 30,000 yards downwards, besides some wells, which are chiefly noticeable as evi- dences of past enterprise, and the best that can be said of them now is that the water they afford is very acceptable—when no better is to be had. Still steering about north north-east, six miles more brings us to the North Dam, which is of noble propor- tions, and was full to the brim. Leaving this we change our course to about north-east, and another six miles brings us to a Govern- ment reservoir—one of the many which have been excavated in order to make the pegged line available at all times for travelling stock; This, also, was full. The track now leads into another of Sir T. Elder's leases, which originally consisted of 156 square miles, but has been cut in two by the county's boun- dary—leaving ninety miles within and sixty six miles outside the line. It would in any case all have fallen in in 1888, but the portion inside the county line has been resumed, and is held under annual lease. The country here gets a little more scrubby, and mulga appears in force, more especially on the rises. The next most prominent varieties are the familiar and almost universal sandalwood and heoak, while bluebush takes temporary precedence amongst the members of the salsolaceous tribe. It was somewhere in this country that in 1862 one of Mr. Gilbert's overseers branched east on a tour of inspection, and he got to a point about fifteen miles east of our present track, and somewhere in the vicinity of the red line, but narrowly escaped death from thirst, having the greatest difficulty in making his way back to Pandappa. Of course there were no wells or reservoirs hereabouts just then, and the country was as risky for the explorer as are some of the waterless plains to the north of Lake Eyre at the present day. I was making my way along a seemingly interminable bush-track one evening, intending to make what is known as Cox's Camp for the night, when my ears were astounded by the unmis- takable screech of a steam-engine. There could be no mistake about it ; but as a matter of comparison I rather think that the ghosts of several departed mothers-in-law, drawn up in grim array across the track in the fast-fading twilight would not have startled me much more. After a long day's travel without a single glimpse of a fellow creature, and with no other evidence of his occasional presence than was supplied by the wheel- tracks I followed or the rare oc- currence of post and wire, the scream of an engine seemed almost unearthly in its anomaly with the surroundings. But on reaching the camp my half-formed suspicions of spectral locomotives and phantom trains were sent to the right-about as I recognised the fact that the unwonted steam-whistle had just innocently informed all whom it might concern that it was " supper time." A second glance informed me that the disturber of my peace, conjointly with another iron monster just visible across an unsightly mound of earth, was furnishing the necessary power for the digging out of a reservoir. When daylight came I took the opportunity of examining into the way of working, which, outside of the mechanical complexities of the engines engaged, was really simplicity itself. The presise method of operation was, I believe, explained in full in the Register some years ago on the occasion of starting some similar appliances in the neighbourhood of Paratoo. Suffice it then to say that the engines are of the type known as traction engines—that is to say, they are quite inde- pendent of horsepower, and can be made to move forward or backward, quickly or slowly, at the will of the driver. Under the boiler there is fixed a horizontal drum which acts as a winder, being of course also driven by steam. When a reservoir is to be excavated the engines (there are always two) are located at a distance of say 200 yards apart, the ground to be excavated lying directly be- tween them. By means of an endless wire rope which is attached to the winding drum of each of them the engines commence a game of see-saw Margery Daw, first of all with a villainous-looking collection of steel prongs mounted on wheels and called the plough, and afterwards with a machine something like an exaggerated coal- scuttle, also on wheels, which is called the scoop. When the plough has been dragged to and fro over the whole surface to be excavated— the engines moving a little ahead at every turn—the scoop is set to work, and having collected or scraped up its load (say 1½ to 2 tons of earth or stone, for the plough isn't in the least particular) the movement of a lever lifts the mouth of the scoop upwards, and the scoop on wheels is forthwith drawn by sheer force to the required spot, where another touch on another lever sends the coalscuttle topsy-turvy, somewhat after the manner of a man who goes head over-heels after an ineffectual attempt to plant his foot on a step which isn't there. Another bit of mechanical legerdemain pro- duces another somersault on the part of the scoop, and by this time the other engine has taken hold, and away goes the scoop to dis- charge its gluttonous mouthful of say a yard and a half of dirt on the other side of the nascent reservoir. This sort of thing is repeated layer by layer until the excavation reaches the desired depth, although of course every additional foot of depth necessitates the em- ployment of greater hauling power. The simplicity and speed of this method of reservoir-making is really amazing, only if one were hypercritical he might desire that the spoil should be trimmed and levelled a bit ; and, no doubt, a sight of some of the undulating irregular banks which mark the locality of a "steamscoop dam" would drive a railway engineer accustomed to only trim embankments to the verge of insanity. In the meantime it is a great thing to have the water. The trimming and fencing and planting can be attended to later on, or for that matter never. This reservoir at Cox's Camp, and which by this time is no doubt completed, measures eighty yards square, and will be twenty feet deep from the natural surf ace. The gound, valued at its capacity for retaining water, is first class. The quantity of excavation may be approximately estimated at 35,500 square yards, and its cost at say £2,000. The traction-engines and plant worked here are, I was told, the identical ones which Mr. Goyder selected in America during his leave of absence some two and a half years ago. The engines are not at all above making themselves generally useful, and will upon occasion trip cheerfully away a score of miles or so across country, towing a Brobdignagian water-tank behind them, and bringing it back full. At Cox's Camp, however, this species of overtime was rendered unneces- sary by the existence of a small reservoir of water, which, when strained through a moderately coarse sieve, made very passable tea. It may be worth noting in this con- nection that not very far from Cox'a Camp there are two holes sunk as wells, one 203 and another 120 feet deep, but in neither of them had the proprietor the satisfaction of striking even salt water. Our track north- easterly leads us through an outside angle 0f the Oratan Run, also held under lease by Sir T. Elder. This lease con- prises 375 square miles, mixed hills and plains, the latter being fairly good sheep country. It includes parts of what were formerly known as the Netley and Wallaby Runs, and also a piece of the holding once known as Gum Well. This is one of the leases which revert to the Crown in 1888. Still north-easterly our route takes us on to a lease of 312 square miles, and again the property of Sir T. Elder. This one ex- pires on June 30, 1890, and is situate (all but one little angle) outside the red line. So far as I saw it this can hardly be called first-class country, being too sandy and too scrubby to make good sheep pasture. I travelled for fifteen miles along its north- western part, and speak only of what I saw. The possibility of course remains that towards its south and east boundary the country may be better. A very conspicuous landmark along here is formed by a conical hill standing some six or eight miles north-west of the track, and indiffe- rently known as the Iron Peak or the Iron- stone Nob. Should there be ever much heavy traffic along this pegged line the section of it from Cox's Camp, some twenty miles onward, would need early making on account of the soft, sandy nature of the soil and its tendency to cut up into deep storm channels. It would seem that much of the flood water from the higher country to the north-west finds its way down here, as watercourses are numerous and the fiocdmarks along many of them indicate the presence at times of large volumes of water. 