GENERAL -ASSEMBLY OF-- TEE FRES j BYTERIAN, CHÜRÜI1. ?' ' Third Day-Th-rsdaï. The assembly was constituted.at 20 minutes to 11 o'olook, under tho presidetoy of the Moderator (Rav. J. S. Laing). The first business dealt with was the petition for adtnis siou .into the Church received from the Rev. James Gray. ' The Preabytsry ol' ¡Sydney had remitted to the General Assembly' the petition, accom- panied by a recommendation for tho assembly to com- ply with the petition by receiving Mr. Gray as a min- ister in full standing, lu the petition it was stutod that Air. Gray " attended the University of Glasgow for four j'earB, during which ho went thr jugii a regular course of study ia Litin, Gieek, logic, moral philosophy, and mathematics, having received n Rood English education before ho went to the Ouiveisity : that ho intended to prosecute his theolo- gical studies with a view to the holy ministry, end was üulv entered ns a theological student in the Divinity Hail of tho United Presbyterian Church; that imme- diately on entering that hall : his " health failed, und be was obliged to retiro to England ; that he continued in England as a toaoher and missionary for about two j'oars, and his health boing somewhat improved, ho was invited to take the pastoral oharge of a ' Congregational Church at Hubbir Elsacar, whore he remained for nino years ; that the health of his family having failed, he was recommended to como out to Australia, and especially to New South Wales, where ho arrived a few wests since ; that during the timo of his postorate his labours were blessed of God among the people of his ohargo, and ho lived in all brothor lincss with all tho ministers of' the Gospol in his neighbour- hood ; that ho was especially known to the Rov. Mr. Sellars, the Presbyterian minister pf Leeds, and also to the Rev. Mr. »Breaky, the Presbyterian minister of Sheffield ; that Mr. Gray, though thus labouring in a Congro gationnl Church, was all along a Prosbytetian, having accepted tho position in the Congregational Churob. as a sphere which opened np in the Providence of God." The Rev.s. Piincipal Kinross, II. S. Paterson, J. M. Ross, a. SI. Jarvie, Dr. Fullerton, Dr. Steel, Rogor M'ICinnon, W. . Gardiner, H. Mocroady, and Goorda Maolnnes, spoke in favour.of thb'adraiBsion of Sir. Gray. During the discussion it was slated that whilst Sir. Gray was working in connection .with the Congregational Church "ho was a ,Congrt Rationalist, but yet nover in principle. Tho Congregational Churchno'vor asked himanythingabout his doctrines or his views on ecclesiastical regulations," Mr. Gray had not been .ordained a minister, the prac- tice of the Congregational ' Chutohes in England in some cases being' not to ordain,, but to have a formal publio recognition of a minuter. All the speakers agreed in the deílrableness, if possible, of complying with the petition of Sir. Gray, but'some thought'that beforo he could be duly recognised as a minister of Ihe Presbyterian Church ho Bhould be ordained. The Clerk drew attention to a law of tho General Assembly to the 'effect that in re- ceiving a minister from anothor Church the ' Assembly, after inquiry and satisfying ftself that the applicant hHd not been ordained hy the imposition of li »vi*, required that he should be ordained by tbe impositi ... >>:' hands when in- ducted into a chargo. It was rcínHcd.-." That the Rev. James Gray be received as a probationer of this Church, in accordance with the laws of the .General Assembly, when he has been called by a congregation, and prior to his induction." Tho Modoiator welcomed Mr. Gray, and that gontle mia expressed his thanks to the assembly for having admitted him. Rev. Dr.'Steel road the report of the tutors in theology. Tho following is the introduction to the reports:-" During the past y°enr one of our students, Mr. Angus Nicolson, was removed by death. Híb health had not been good, and after his first year in theology at tho Uiilvereiiy of St. Androws, ho cunio lo this colony, whore he had relatives. Ho roiped considerable benefit from the change to a warmer climate, and was encouraged to resumo his studies. He was accepted by the Presbytery of Sydney, and not only entered with zoal upon his olaS3 exercises, but frequently took Sabbath services in vurious places. Duringttie vacation lust June bo was sent to supply the pulpit of the Rev. J. C. Macdonald, at Wagga Wagga, during the ses- sion of tho Intercolonial Conferauco at Melbourne, of which Mr. Macdonald was a member. Sir. Nicolson was s°ized with homorrhago from the lungs while thero, and was never able to return to Sydney. He died in the inanue at Wapgi Wiigga in the faith find hopo of the Gospel. He received great kindness from Mr. and Miss Macdonald and other friends during his illness. After this loss there romalncd only one student, Sir. E. J. Thomson, who has diligently pursued his studies, and will finish the course in the end of Slnj\ He has also actively engaged in Christian work, aud for tho last three months has peen in the country as a catemist." On tho motion of tho Rev; J. Cameron, Focondod by Rev. Sir. Waugh, it was resolved that the repott be received, and that the Rev. Robert Steel, D.D., be re-appointed tutor in Church history and pastoral theology ; Rev. James Cosh, M.A., be ro-uppointed tutor in oxegetical theology; and tho Rev. A. Slilno Jarvie be re-appolhted tutor in apologetic und systematic theology. Rev. Geo. Ouimm, M.A., roid the report of the Board "* F."".i"0,_ ,vh!nh m. nrf.lnterl Hey. í)r. MoonB White brought forward the following overture, in opposition to ihe general agent having a seat in every prosbytory :-" Whereas, in minuta 49 of the Pro- ceedings of the Gonoral Assembly of tha year 1880, it is stated that tho rocoramendation» of tho committee of selec- tion adoptad by tho assembly were as follows:-'That the Rev. J. M. Ross, a3 general agent of the Church, bo appointed a member ex ofiicio of the following committees : church extension, heathen missions, S ibbath Bohcols, and fustontotion fund : and that Sir. R ibs be empowered to ait as a member in o very presbytery of tho Church ;' and whereas that portion of the* above resolution whioh .reids 'that Mr. Ross ba ciupowored to sit as a member in every presbytery of the Church ' is. in the opinion of the undersigned, not only unpresbyterial, but subversivo of ona of tho distinguishing principles of the constitution of a Presbyterian Church : ' und whereas this portion of the resolution is, for other .reasons, both unneces- sary to the efiioiont discharge of the work of the general agent and sustentation fund- secrotary, and is highly in- expedient, it is humbly overtured, by too undersigned to the GanOral Assembly, to rescind 1^0 Hame." In mov- ing tbo adoption of the overtuie,. he said tho Presbyterian Church had gained its position by taking at the proper timo" ils constitutional objec- tions and maintaining ita right to oppose any invasion of ita privileges. It would ba very wron? to say that the man who objected to rhe invusiou ol a principle was to blaine for doing so. Thoblama must rest, upon" the people who ninda the objection necossiry. If unyoue in tho assembly had risen when the committee of selection mudo the recom- mendation, and objected to it, their objection would have saved a gr^at deal of troublo in tho Church, and perhaps a little hcait-biirpiag, and would have preserved tho integrity and purity of the constitution of the Presbyterian Uhurcb. Ona of tho disti'igiiinhim; features of the Presbyterian Chnrch was the parity of ministers and equality of repre- sentation. Ha thought it would bo uppurout to everyone that tha resolution passed by tho assembly in 1S80 infringed upon that principle, and gave Mr. ' Ross nn unprecedented pinthn by giving him such a larga number of vote». Thora wero 11 presbyleries and thoy had one membt-r-the general agent of the Church -who fio-i 11 voti s. No other member had mora than one vote. \\\'ell, smvly that was ni iking that member of the Church eccloiiosticallv cloven limen superior to-auy other member of tim Chureh - (Langhte<r and hoar, hear)-and surely it would bo adiiiittpcl that was a sjrions infringement ot tbo principles of equality of representation. Now, that gentleman might bo eleven timeBsup^rior to any of thom, (l/iugh'.or aud hear, hour.) Ho did not deny that, becauso it did nit como within tha objout ha had in view to mako any rtferouco t> that. But, however distinguished aud however useful -Mr. Ross might bo, he bud no right in any Presbyterian church to hr.vo profiter voting pawer« than tho humblest representativo older. Now. it was ti «emus matter to nllatr a principia to bo invaded bemuse all great corruptions that had sprnng up in the Chinch, uud all changes that bad como »bout in ecclesiastical-polity, had nu» ni ted from changes that ni first «.pp-ared very simple, aud weio looked upou as matters of esptsiienty, and wura considorotl comparatively harailcai, but in course ot ye-TS tho matter became consoli- dated, the principio that lind been laid down began to bo accepted qenaiaily, addiiit.ns wera gradually made, and so tho church assumed a dilueront appiarnni'e altogether from whntithnd bi-fort*. Another principle ni' t'lochurch was this; that no assembly had tho rijht to pi ne nny of its members on tim roll of nny presbytery of ft« church, much less on tha nilla of all the prcshytcriea of the Church. Presby traies had nihill supir'or to tan General Assembly, and linlota tbe r.ot;on_ of tho General Asssmbly in iho apeointmont of a minister us a member of 11 presln tec- had been ondor~cd by tho proshytcr», then ho was not a imimbar of that prosliytrry. (Ilc-ir. boir.) If Mr. Ros .»?na a membar of uvory presbytery, no »n* amenable to tha öiBciplino of ewry proibywry ; aud it who possible that ho might bo summoned to thoa» II pi osb} ter ¡es on the simo diiv and at tho »atna hour, (Laughter.) Rev. II. MAcirit.'.DY seconded tho motion for tto adoption of tim overture and tito trscission of tha resolution pissed in 18S0. Ho thought that when in tlo ardour of the member»' nfiev.tion in connection with the now inovemout which in lfi-iO bad taken plsoe, Hird fiom which such irains wortospo^ted, when in the high ti lo of i ealing the biethrei) seemed dii<poBfd to giant to Mr. lïo a imythiiig that would '.t proposed; and when it was proposed, anti that posiiiou offered bim in the Presbyterian Chinch, he (Mr. Macrcndv) held that if ho had boen a reil-heaited Piesltyterian-if ho liad been sn intelligent l'resb}t»iian-if ha had bioua itcuuino Presbyterian-hn would have respectfully declined to havo accepted the position. Mr. 1ÎAURIB ra'c* to move tha previous question -(Ap plauso)-but as objectif n wos luktu by Itey. Mi. lluiu 10 thatoourse being followed, proposed iisanumendment '. Ibat tho ove-rturo be dismissed." Tha object in view' when it was iliclded to give Mr. Ross a seat in cory prcsbytciy was that vv'nr-n ho went into the interior wheru it was sometimes didiilüt to ¡jet a. quorum-lie might holp tn cinstittito npiobyicry, who would then bo ablo to do their !ius;'n0ss in a It'sal way. 'Iho iis«nubly had done a wise thinit, und it vrotild hu very unwise for thom to undo tho work which had bteu dono ddibeintely, and lim! bt en tho law of tho Church fur three years, lia trusted thero would bo oronga guod stuisi» in the assembly to le ive thirds us thoy wen*. Ile deprecated ihe taking up of tho time of tho himriiiMy in di^cusHin;.- abstrait ques- tions nod iniairiuiirv evils that wero not liko'y to at ¡se. Ray. G. Grimm. M.A., .?.< onde.1 ti e amendment. Thoy had had tho rule which it was piop'o-ed to rc-cuid in opera- tion fur tbtee years, and not a sine-la cubo of iuronveuirnea had alison through the* existef.cj oí tbnt rule. Thora bad boan no représentation that Mr. Ross had abused his power. Rev. J. Cameron. M.A.. sunnotted thn nmerrlmmu Sir. Ross had hnd tbo good sense to abstain from intorfer ' ing with tbo ordinary work of tbo prisbyteries. If Sir. Roes hod the powor of voting bo had never exercised it. Rev. W. EaJK, of Nowcastle, said it wus quite true that Sir. Robb had very discrostly used his authority, and had never abused it ; but it was tho constitutionality of the question that ha objected to. Rev. Dr. Geekie said there could bo no doubt about the constitution question, which wus as clear as day ; but thoy did an unusual thing because they had an unusual pur poso to aifeot and to meet nn unusual condition of affairs. They never had a general agent before, otherwise their Church would have Deen even in a moro prosperous' state than it now was. In according to Mr. Ross, the power to which exception had been taken, they did not fawn upon that gentleman-he did not ask them to ttvwn upon him, und hi) never fawhed upon them. Mr. Ross had never acted injudiciously. It waa time enough for thom to spy ferlies and sre ghosts when the ghost» had been raised. There was no constitution under the sun that had not, from time to time, admitted exceptions to be mudo on the part of those most jealous of it. He would support Sir. R083 in his present position simply because he felt it would be invidious at this time to reverse the state of affairs.^ Sir. Rosshad held his present powers for three yoars, and if any interference wereanade with them people would very natu rall say, what has ho done ? (Applause.) Rev. A. Sf. Tait, of Goulburn, spoke in support of the adoption of the overture. If lind he-u o'emly -ûmitted by those who had spoken against tbo overtuie* th it nn error had been committed in making Mr. Ross a member of 11 presbyteries ; and that being so, they should leotify the error. Rev. R. M'Küwox was sorry to say ihey wero the only church that had a general agent, and he trusted that other churches, seeing the advantages they bud gained in having a general «gent, would imitate their example in getting a general Jagent, but. would not imitate their exainplo by making their general ngent a member of ,11 presbyteries. Mr. Ross had been given nu official status and an official power he could not possibly exercise. Ho had been given an influence comparable ;to which a bishop's powers sank into nothing. Mr. Ropb occupied a position that infringed tho constitutional principle of the eqnolity of ministers. Rev. John Walkkr maintained" that Dr. White had failed to make out his case. The action of the assembly had in no way tfaversod tho principle of tho parity of presbyters. Nor did it traverse tbo oqùnlitv of representa- tion. It might infringe precedent, but the Church was not absolutely bound by precedent. In this colony, where the concilions of life wore different, thsv were bound by tbo necessities of the case to refuse to follow precedents set in the old country. Rov. A. SI. Jarvie regretted that a member of the assembly had accused Sir. Robs of being "not a roal bearted, not aj genuine, not nn intelligentPresbyleriau ;" and|forwhatJP Why for accepting nn oRice unanimously con- ferred upon him by 100 members of that assembly, repre- senting the presbyteries. He contended that the dangora which had open described were purely imaginary. If the action of the assemblj- were to ba undone it would not bo Sir. Ross that was not a gcnuine.Prfcsbyterian, but that General Assembly. (Applause.) Rev. W. Gaujweh urged that in that matter it was principio and not expedienoy by which they should be influenced. Rov. - Adam was afraid that the adoption of the over- ture at tho present time would lead to an impression beiog formed that Sir. Ross had been guilty of some misdemeanor. He contended that it would bo unjust to Mr. Ross, und tend to discourage him and to lessen his influence if they adopted tho overture. Mr. J. H. Goodlet said it hid not been proved that Mr. Boss had abused his trust, and therefore the adoption of that overture would bs an insult to Mr. Ross. Mr. Alex. Dodds thought thot to allow Mr. Ross to have 11 seatj in the same number of presbyteries was a vio- lation of the constitution of the Church. Rev. Dr. Beg spoke in support of the adoption of tho overture. After further discusrion the motion and nmondmont were submitted, and the roll called, when it appeared that there wera 43 votes in favour of the amendment and 22 for the motion. The amendment providing for the dismissal of the overture was therefore carried. An announcement to that effect was made by the Slode rator, and was received with great applause. The assembly then adjourned to meet iu tho evening. Evening S_drrunt. The evening sitting of the assembly was commenced at twenty minutes to 7 o'clouk Hie Rev J. S Laing (Moderator) presided. There was a -vorj large attendance of visitors, the church being nearly full A resolution was parsed authorising the trustees of certain church land at Burwood, which was deemed unsuitable as a Bite for a Presbyterian church, to sell the same with a view to purchasing a moro suitable site , Kov. J SI Ross, gi neral agent of the Churoh, read the roport ot the sustentation committto '1 ho following is an abridgment of the report -"Tho third veir of the susten- tation fund his been completed successful)j Ihe equal dividend his been maintained at £300. 1 his year the f'-ud has begun to be ir the whole ot its own working expenses. Toe salary guarautce fund, which was subscribed for three jeirsfrom 1st April, 1880. to aid in bearing initial ex- penses, ceased on 1st ApTiI, 1SS3, and afforded a credit balance ol £58 4s 4d , which was earned to the general expenses account 'Ihe total auiouut avuilablo tor distribution m 1S83 was £19,810 2s. lid , as against £18,333 Is lid iu 1882, or an increase of £1507 Is As compared with the first year of the fund, it Bhows an in- crease of £J009 Is 5d lhere has, iv« ure ¿lad to report, been a steady mere ise in the number of congregations con- tributing to the fuud, an increaso in the number on the equal-dividend platfoim, and a relative decrease in the number of those not ou tbo equal-di\ ideùd platform. The financial outcome of the three years' experience in the work- ing of the fund is decidedly satisfactorv, except in one re- spect Iho aid given last jeurwas not only inadéquat», but less than that given hv congregitions in 1SSI bv £15 as 5d., ara is rompai°d with 18S2 it was less bj £207 Ss 3d " A tabular statement wau given showing tbut in 1SS1 the number of charges contributing wa« 64. in 18S2 it was 66, and in 1S83 it was 7o In 1881 the amount contributed was £16,123 Is. 2d in 1SS2 it wus £17,673 los 6d , and in 1883 it was £18,899 6s Id In lbSl tbo number ot charges on the equal aii idend platform wan ti, in 18S2 it was 49. and in 18S3 it was ol In 1831 the number of charges not on the equal div idend platform was 23, m 1882 it was 17 , and m lb_3 it was lu In 1SSI me number uia-receiting waa 27 , in 18b2 the number was 22, and m 1883 the number was 32 In 18bl the number of chargea which were only self-susiaming was 21, m 1882 it was 17 , and in 1883 it waa 12 In 1881 the number aid givingwusie, in laS2 it wita 27, and in 1833itwss.il In 1881 the aid required was£l_b7 7s lOd , in 1182 it wa« £152 1Gb lid , and in ISSi it was £9:>G 6' 21 In 1881 the sid given wa« £1205 Ids öd in 1SS2 it was £1367 lßs 3a, and in 1883 it was £1100 8s In 1881 the aid given, as compared with tbo aid required, was OS l8 percent ia 1882 it was 143 41 per cent . and in 1883 it wus 12131 per tent Ihe report proceeded -"Nothing could show more cltarlj the steady and satisfactory progiess of this enferprn-e, destined m the future of this Ohunh, if not the Churches of these colonies, to be a great enterprise Increase in the number of charges contributing, increas» in the nmonnt contributed, increase in tbo number on the equal-dividend platform, increase iu the numuer of aid givers, shows progress a'ong the wbo'ulino, und ultbotigh tbo aggregate of the aio given last v tar was lets than that of oitbor of the previous years, it too shows a relative ui orensB of 23 16 per cent, on the pioportion of the nii given in tbo first jiai of the lund It is to be noted that in the above figures the givmgs of concur gâtions as such alono are dcult with, donations which at unv tiuio have been few, and moneys entering into dividend not -e nuttcd, have been lolt out of the calculation ' Another tabill ir slntomtnt was given showing that m 1SS1 IheprocteJs of t-ustentntion Pond Aiifocintions ne'e £10,365 7s Id , inl8S2 tnuv wore £,11,110 14s öd , nnd iu lh83 thev wero £12,764 lLs ¿I ihe report continued -'? Minimum btaudurd ot Aid-giving - Provision wus made iu the ¡sustentation . und Act for the milking of hi.ul arrangements with congregutincs so ns to secure for them not only a provisional but a moto peimanent place upon tho fuud lho arrangements with nil ihe congregalions have beonup to the pit scut onlv provisional, "i our committee at last assembly received authority to propnre a minimum standard of (Ojlribution for aid-nc-iimg congio.ations, and to txke such steps as the npenoss of congiegutions war- ri nt, to placo tb"to hnallj upon the i uMentntion fund in terms of the fc.ustinlatio'1 Puni Act, At the farot qunrter daj aflor the rising of the nt,i,eiiibl\, it was mauifeht, from the remittances of congregations, thct thev give lut little indication th_t they meant to cotnnlv vv th thi minimum btundnrd of aid-filing It wus ev<n in «on eqi nrtersatlirmo-i tlut this st ndiud was too high, and that a lower stuntlaid of aid would havo more li! i hbonii ot being (oinplie1 willi Ibis «as not the opinion of j um a n nutt c , but, ns this stnndurd wus the ti3t of npeui ss ot ih tart ol tbes» r ougregatioos for a final urrangini"ni, it i-eeiiieii inexpedient to att-inpt to proceed wtl'i thi tittil protii» of «"inn visiting the congregations ot the Cb i cb ¡until ti le stmdnra bf weousidertd m the lLht ol the (.hunh's b"ttei knowledge of it It must not be fori,olti-n that the ol leclf HU,rht to be attained through theproierd-» of tho one r rguuu t on are twr fold, vii» , to bring upthe_lp lis m ¡.ooicr chimes to £¿00, mid to onablo tboio k1! Mietaimug nul aid gun g to biter the po«i r on of ti en o ni n mistei« iho minimum stund iiid of aid-giving is a u.uluii >n inttodi cid tor tbo express pm pose if fe mii_ih m (oil un tbo oreir slated, for pre- venting tbo lutt»! b-nic. aden lid toit thoe\ponseof thef r nur, imdf r enab'ing ti r _t gi tuns to know when ti ov bad doco fittrh tv tue po íerihu^is »ntl uu^lit, v iib justice to al! intnests, proeeid to be Hi r their own po'iinn It i¡> to tour cm nuitée a c itisc ct deep legtet that congregations hu c fniipci si much to corni Iv with this regulation, whi h «feins i-o ici son ble The eli < t bus been greutlv to hamper thor nction, and oblij-e them to be less libeinl than tboi would other«hi hive be u ni tbo administration ot tha fund lo tim fiiluri foi is due the fntt that the conn nttce hive bren obli^eu to end tbo veir with a debit mt>tc id of a ciedit binti ! be buhu ce is indeed not largo, but it is a billin i in vorthtl^s on tho nong side, nnd tn<-lisa _o ddtal min tlinu.upneir« It ni°pns thnt vom cnnmi tre ni li ft with mt n Milli lint margin to en- able thi m to de ii in in liberals (whrio renllv nudful) with iiid-wiliing onui rij.it! ni- \i ur r »mulline feel most of nil the d stieuitpuir j. ift < t of 'In f uluru if cjn^icgiitions *o Mipplv tbo ml nquir d a loidm.' to lho standard j laid d vui, n« it e md-. hi much in the "viv of I the imicb-rfqiineJ pubdii sion ot charges into more wo I able tueis in bo countiv dirties The or.a ni atti u of the bus eolation fund extends to Church (\tinsun chargée, ti otipl» the trocéeos et it in 1'ieir cns< aie endited to the Church f "tim ion account until it minister is fctll d,whenthe\ pass to the Sustentation Fund .uiotiut on the flrkt nnnrtiir iIhv uffpr the induction lho work of keeping those two funds worked side by side on different principles, though mostly derived from the same souries, is by no moan« easy, but tho beneficial finanoial results] to the Church extension work are very con Bidorable. One rästilt has been that an unpre- cedented amount of Church ostensión, considering the si ¿o of tha church, has been douo tit nearly a self-sustaining figure during tho year that is pa6t. The punctuality of the payments in the case of the Church labourers lind even been greater than those on tho sustentation fund, and the feature of advantage is that when a congregation passes from the Church extension to tho sustentation fund, no noed exists for the sliehtei-t chonçp in tho system by which money is raired. Tha only chango which the labourer experiences is that bo gets a higher annuol dividend in four instead of twelve instalments. The preparation ia't hess Churches tension charges for a placo upon tho sustentation fund is most beneficial. Your committee regret that thoy have not the satisfaction of distributing an equal dividend to minis- ters all round. It is in the natura of the case that th«ro should bo exceptions, But it is jour committee's deliberate conviction that thora,ure very few ch irges in the Church, as thoy are, with tbeiir dilforeut ceutrej of operations, at present constituted, which might not, in ordinary circum- stances, so contribute as to warrant the committee in placing them provisioually upon tha equal dividend platform. '1 ho following will show which congregations were not on tho equal dividend platform, and the amounts receiveckby their ministers during the year or part of it. Not on the equal dividend platform, with amount paid:-For the whole voir: Esk Bank£250, Gratton and Ulmarra £239 19a. rid., Windsor £200. Hinton £212 10s., Lower Manning £257 10s., S;ono £250, Grenfell £250, Bombala £295, Tamworth £250. For part of ve«r onlv: Taralga £187 10s, rata Der annum (last payment) £.'50; ".Moruja £112 10s., ditto£250; Tenterfield £1*5, dut» £250; Temora £204 16s. Sel., ditto £250; Hamilton£9516-\ Sd., ditto£250 ; Wallsend (Church extension account) £50, ditto £203; Liverpool (withdrawn from thü fund) £02 18s. If it is your pleasure to confirm the minimum standsrd of sid- uiving, your committee hope, during the curreut year, to maka some ptogrces in pre- paring congregations tor the final arrangements with the fund, in so far aa it is possible to make thesa arranjteinents fiDal, or, if not final, then for a tontativo period, say of three yenra to begin with." The rev. gentleman reviewed the principal portions of the report, and dealt with eoiiio objections which he anticipated would bo 'aken to the report. Mr. J. II. Goodlet moved the following deliverance: " Receive the report, thank the committee for their dili- gence, record the assembly's grateful thanks to Almighty God for the large measuro of prosperity which has attended, from its commencement, tho sustentation fund move nieut of this church. Thank Messrs. Robert Logan, of Toryburn, John M. Saunders, and John Frazer, of West Maitland, for their timely and generoUB efforts in raising £Gdotoform the basis'of a sustentation permanent re- serve fund, and to secure the legacy ot £1000 by the late Mr. Joseph Paxton. Approve the minimum standard of aid- giving and contribution. Approvo the proposed uction of the committee towards making amngement with con- gregations for being move permanently placed upon tha sustentation fund. Instruct pi esby lories to appoint one of their number a corresponding member to specially attend to the interests of tim sustentation and church extension funds within the bounds of their respective presbyteries." Ho said tho Church had cause to bo thankful for the con- tinued success which the sustentation fund had been attended by. Having commented upon some of the toaturas of tho report he said the susteutation fund hr.d had a bene- ficial effect upon ministers' stipends. He pointed out that the sustentation fund commitieo consisted of no less than 29 members, of whom 14 were elected by the presbyteries,'and 15 hy the General Assembly. It might be said that tha work of the committee was " inquisitorial," but they must make inquiries, and if that was to be inquisitorial it could not bo nvoided. Without un7 bias the committee took into consideration the all-exceptional circumstances which might be connected with any case, and weighed them carefully, and allowed for thom. Rev. J. Cameros seconded the deliverance. The Clew; then read tho following overture from Rev. Dr. W. M. AVhito:-.. Inasmuch as the reports of the sus- tentation fund laid on the tablu of the assembly have repre- sented that mi equal dividend of £300 per annum was te curad and maint lined ; and inasmuch as the statistics pub- lished by authority of the General Assembly do not harmo- nise with these statements ; and inasmuch na it is highly important that ministers in other colonise and in the United Kingdom should have accurate information regarding this Church ; and inasmuch as frequent reforenco is made in the »ustenttticn fund refutations to an equal dividend p'at torrn ; and inasmuch as no steps have yet been taken to ascertain what ob *h congregation must contribute ; in order to entitle its minister to receive an equal dividend ; and in asmuoh as, at present, only those congelations which send in £300 per annum and upwards have any certainty that they will receive £300 per annum back ; and inasmuch as the amount which each congregation contributing less than £300 per annum shall reçoive back in the shape of dividend' is decided by a voto of the sustentation fund committee ; and inasmuch ns it is desirable to place our ministers in a position of independence, in so fur as that thoy will not be dependent on the voto of a committee for the amount of stipend received by them ; it is heroby humbly overtured to the venerable the General Assembly to take immediate steps to determine nn equal dividend platform on an equitable basis, or otherwise, se the assembly may in its wisdom devisa." Rev. Dr. White having spoken of. certain advantages arising from tbo oporation of a sustentation fund, said ii good sustentation fund would always hava his warmest approval and most cordial support. It was from no foaling of hostility ti tho ford that ho stood thora in support of that overture, but ho wished to see the fund established on such a basis as' would command the support of all the Pres- byterian Chuiche» in this colony. He admitted that a mea- sure of success had attended the operations of that fund, but not such ii measure of success as to justify tho extravagant praise which had bcou indulged in. The sustentation fund hod done good. In the report for 1S&3 it was staled that an equal dividend of £300 per year lied been nwuilained. Ho had laken tbo trouble to analyse mid com taro the reports previously laid on the table. He qtioteel ceitain ligure« with reference to the fund and con- tended that in view- of those puMiihod figures it was trifling with the public to say tho «tictontatiou fund bad maintained nu cqral tlivilend of ' £300 per annum, 'iheie was a minister in Vict-ni.i who, em thn strength of that statement, resigned his ohm go iu Victoria and came to this colony (crit-sof " ¡Sinne") Uh, no, ho was not going to give the name. Sure-ly Mr. Ross would not defend the statement that nn equal dividend of £3C0 a year hud been raited. [Kov. Mr Ross- Yes.). He had been on the sustentation lund committee for two years, and he would explain how tha amounts wore voted. (The rev. gentleman procesded to do that.) If n poor min had not mndo fnondn on tbo committee he might bo cut off with a small sum. (Cries of "No.no.") The man's churr.crer and standing with his congregation weredi-eusstd ; Bud if ever there waB an in- quisitorial committee, thst was nn inquisitorial com- mittee. Ho conteniit'd that the fund was not a sustentation, but a " supplemental " fund. Thoie were nil kinds of divers-ties in thnt fund, and the only mun that could depend uton £300 a year was the minister who bolorgetl to a congregation which sent in up- wards of £300 a year. Mr. Rosa bad Htuti*d "the central or geueric idea of u sustentation fund is tbo equality of thB dividend ;"' but.there wits no equality of dividend there. <!n Mr. Ross' own showing, they had no sustentation fund, but a supplement ii fuud in ilB woist aspect. 'I hero was no such thing in existence in this' Church as on equal dividend of £300 ii year. Where was the platform, ni,d what Churches were upon ii ? Was it conducive lo tbo respect of their ministers that they should bo at the mercy and under the control of a Bus'teuta tion fund committee* r" Fancy it depending upon ii com- mittee whether a minister would receive ii tutlicient stipend to enable bim to pay his butcher's and bal.or's bills. In the rrpirt submitted birt.year it wn.s stn ted-that "your co'iiriiittffl roiilisul that the time has come for making annnireinonts with cni-rogutiors una presb} teries in rogaid to placing eougvegarinns, in terms e.f the Susfentation Fuud Act, Moally upon the fund;'' but instead of that Leieg done the committee had striven to compel one iniuiftor at lo't^t to resign. He asked the General Assombly to restrain that committee, so that it minimus weio to bo impeached they should be im- peached beforo the General Assoiubly when they would have a fair trial. It was rccitiutrd by the .committee that St. Andrew's enngr'gution should send in £420 before they re- ceived back £ttC0. If they stud that oongiegation should contribute that exorbitant, that urbitiary amount, bofore they receive t back £100, they would destroy the ui-ofulness of the fund. He moved us nu overture a proposition pro- viding for the omission from the deliverance of the follow- ing words,-" Approve the minimum standard of aid giving and contribution. Approve ihe proposed aftion of the committea towards making arrangement with congre- gations for being moro penuonontly placed upon the susten- tation fund," und the substitution of the following : '' That it be an instruction to tho ooiiiniittee, at its earliest convenience, to put rule 5 into èp-*nitltn. viz., that each congregation be placed finally on toe fund wheo itR snst n tation »und org∋'ution und the amount it pinpo-PB to con- tribute aie siitisfai'toiy to the piesbyttry of the bounds and the committee; but that tho enmtnittto mny place on the fuud any coiigir gation provisions)!} for a limitait period, to givn thpin time for tbo development of i'a redoutée", where. m the judgment Of the committee, tbo circumstances of the case require it." .. Mr. Hoodlet explained that the expenses of tha susten- tation fuifd were £471, instead of upwurds of £900, as had been represented by Dr. While. The Modeua'ion ruled that Dr. White's overture must bo ri garded as un amondiu'*n*, und subinitted «s such. An ii regular discussion ensued. Rev. Mr. Tait seconded the amendment moved bv Dr. Milite. . Ucv. J. Camekox said that Dr. White bud rriado a serious accusation aaiiinst the sustentation committee of wilfully putting ioiwind falso stiiteuieuts. The -taremmt had never bean put forth that nn eqeial dividond r f £300 would bo paid to all ministeis. 'I hey htidge.od reason to be thankful for the success that had attended tbo sustena'tou iuiul. the administration of which had boin ruth ns to con- tribute in no insignificant way to the sitcoms that bud attondtd tbo Church. The description of tbp ont-rations of tho sustentation committal glvon by Dr. While wus vciy'fhneh like n curirnture. Wbeu Dr.'Whim belonged to thr-t onmmittte be* did just Ihe santo tit tho other membfTB did ; he nevor hud anything bettor to pr iporo. itov. Hesuy MvcitKADY fomplniurd tit the way in \ which tim aetouitts wiro inootut"'. Hi. wits eom^iíeíplv pu.'xUd to liiiovv how the ionic, lim bieu ciisposea of. A con.maud of language was bein g used to smother up thioga and io mystify subjects. Rev. Dr. Grnur; ' rise toa »oint of order. Motives aro being imputed, and no man-has a right to impute' motives. Sir. SIacready: If I have not a right to impute motives, I have a right to opeak of myself, and to tell Dr. Geikie and this House what 1 think of the report. Dr. Geikie : What I have to complain of is that he is not treating us with his motives, and we don't want them ;. hut ho is trnntiug us with his opinion of other people's motives, and I object to that. The Moderator rose to give his ruling upon tho point, but Rev. Dr. White was about to speak, when he was called to order by Tho SlODERATOK, who said that in so far ns Sir. SIacready said that the purpose was mystification, ho was out of order. Sir. Macrbady : Well, I would be the last man in this house to impute impuro motives. I will have to state th*t the effect on mo is mystifying. It is not the first time members of this house "have expressed themselves in the same way. The minimum amount to bo received by minis- ters not having been doterminud, he objected to three or four persons meeting together to distribute tbo uioiiej-. Mr. Goodlet : I deny that ever four or five members of tho committee divided the money. That is a groBS mis statement. (Hear, hear.) I wus at the quirterly meeting when the money was divided, at.d thore were then present between 16 and l8 members. The SIoderator : I cannot allow Sir. SIacready to mako such a statement, inasmuch as my own experience is con- trary to his statement. Mr. SIacready : Apart from that, suppose you say a dozen-[Sir. Goodlot .. More.]-well, oven moro. Dr. Geikie : Is there no rule limiting the time a momber shall occupy in addressing the House. Sir. SIacready : There is no rule. Dr. Geikie : There is a rule providing that no member of the assembly shall speakfor mora than 10 minutes, and you are vra-ting time. * Dr. White: I call attention to the language of Dr. Geikie. It is intolerable for him to say that Mr. SIacready is wasting time when ho is proceeding to prove a statement ho has made. The Clerk (Rev. J. Auld) : In reference to the state- ment made by Mr. Slacnady, I have to say 1 have attended every meeting at which a dividend has been declared, and I hwreby solemnly declaro Mr. SIacready has made a state- ment that íb wholly untrue. Mr. SIacready ; Well, let it bo so. Rev. Principal Kinross : SIoderator,-A statement has beon made which his been proved to be untrue, and there- fore I insist that it be withdrawn. (Applause.)' Dr. White : How can any man dare to say the statement has been disproved ? Principal Kinross : Wo have witnesses here. Sir. SIacready : I have to appeal to mei.nbors of thn Sustentation Fund Committee to say the number of members who were present on tho occasion wheu Dr. White made u statement in the committee and they called upon him to retract it. A minister replied 20. Sir. SIacready, oxoitedly: Twenty! Sir. Goodlet : That evening the table was surrounded by members. I had to call' Dr. Whito to order, and the whole of the members of tho committee stood up to support me-(hear, hear)-and Dr. Whito had to withdraw. Dr. White rose to speak, but his voice was rendered in- audible by uproar and repeated cries of " Chair." The Moderator said he must decline do allow Dr. White to speak. Dr. White, however, remained standin_,and made several unsuccessful attempts to make his voice heard. The Moderator, when the uproar had subsided some- what, said : _ ou cannot be heard ut this moment. Sir. SIacready : I -will settle the matter. Loud cries of " Withdraw the statement." Sir. SIacready : Well, if those gentlemen state that there were 12 or 13 or 16 present, I will give it up ; I may have been wrong. Renewed orles of .' Withdraw your statement and apologife." The SIoderator : It is not desirable that in the circum- stances Sir. SIacready should be driven into a corner. I consider Sir. Macready intends to acknowledgo he was mis- taken in the statement he made, and the house should accept his disclaimer. . Turning to Sir. SIacready, the Moderator Baid: You expresîed yourself us boingmistaken. Sir. SIacready' : I stated that if those gentlemen said I was wrong I did not contradict them. I simply said what my imprcssiqn was, and I may have been mistaken. I do'n't stand up for what I stated being absolutely truo. I merely spoke my conviction. So let us go on. It appears to mo'that the greit weakness of the sustentation fund is in having no minimum established for the weaker congrega- tions. Rev. Dr. Fullertox said Mr. Macready had ia public done everything he possibly could in opposition to the Sustentation Fund, and hud done everything he could to put it down. (Cries of " Order, order," and .' 1 protcBt.") . Rev. Dr. Geikie said the law of tho Presbj terian Church was that, except the mover, no one should speak more than 10 minutos. Those discussions had only one tendency, and that was to destroy the Sustentation í'und nnd the whole of the harmony of the chureh. The utaUuients made that night were'cilculattd to disgust those who had recently arrived here, and were not acquainted with the circum- stances in which the Church was formerly. It was easy to destroy the vitality that hud been arrived at. Ho deprecated tbat constant bringing up of difficulties ns if those difficulties could be improved in nn hour. '1 ho»e whose stipends had hitherto been under £31)0 had been benefited by the opera- tion of the fund, which was not a "supplemental" fuud, but was at this moment all that it could possibly be. The fund had only been in existenco tor three years, and whut could it be bute, tentative scheme? When that fund had been longer in existenco it would cease to be talked of bb a tentative scheme. He was a member of the committee, but had never been presoat at a meeting at which a distribution was mude at which there wera not 20 members present. The effect of such discussions would not be to remove difficulties, but to embarrass operations. Rev. Principal Kinross spoke of the prosperity which had atronded the church during recont years. Por 'two members to get up and represent that the committee was misleading them was highly dis- creditable. It had been represented tb.it ministers hid to dopend upon _ committee. Well, upon whom could they depend ? If there were no committee .they would have to depfnd upon their congregations. It would be- come absentees from the meetings of tho committee to be u'lent. He d'd not suppose any committee was in- fallible. Tho mitisters had to depend upon a committee wbom tbov themselves had appointed. Dr. White hud proved a great many thiugs wbioh everybody admitted, but had not proved his own overture. As to »what Sir. SIacready hud said, well, of course anybody could find mibtakes in accounts. There were very few repoits presented so free from mistakes ns thoBe sub- mitted to that assembly. Rev. Dr. Grant spoke in regretful tones of the " un Feamly nature " of the proceedings whioh had taken place, and tbo "commotion " that had arisen. Rev. A. Armstrong, SLA., f-pokeof the success which had attended the woiklngof the Sustentation Fund, but ex- pressed the opinion that it was wrong to publish statements which induced rho impression to be formed that all tho mini-ters of the Chutoh were receiving £300 a year. Rev. Sir. BtrnoES, SI.A , said it was wrong to represent, as bad been don", that young ministers who had during the huxjenr or two arrived from .cotlnnd had come in the expectation they Were ou ^arrival to receive £300 a year. They regarded the phrase " equal dividend" in the sense in which it wus understood at home. They came out on the understanding that they should not receive less then £4 a week. Dr. White's amendment was then submitted to the house, and five hundB were hold up in lavour ot it. J he motion was next submitted, and oO hands wera held up io favour of ir. Tbo Moderator declared the deliverance carried. Tho Asrombly adjourned at 11 o'clock un*il half-past 10 o'clock on Friday morning. The cemmittco on bills met after tho lining of tho assembly, und arranged that tbo business to be taken Tip to- day be as follow.-«:-10 30 a.m., report of trea-urership, committee resumed, reference re Grafton and Illawarra, re- port of general purposes committee, nomination of presbvtery representatives ; 12 30 p.m., report of committee on intcr oiursa wilh other ohurches, returns of presbyteries on federation; 6.30 p.m., heathrn missions roport : 8 p.m., addresses by dtputieo and i i ¡tors. 