^fales and Sketches. TWO OLD BAOHKLOK8. Till! following fine bit of character ' writing is from the first chapter of Hobert Buchanan's new romance called " Annan Water " :— .It was Martinmas Sunday. The ' erening service was just over, and the congregation, more than usually scanty, had dispersed itself over the Moss to wards the various farms and bieldB which were scattered here and there , 'upon'it. A light still burned'in the ■ vestry, while Solomon Mucklebackit, the sexton, waited in the, porch for the sinister to come forth, i -'"There'll be snaw the night," he ' muttered, placing the key in the "'1? .oaken door, preliminary to locking up ; Ti "there'll be snaw.the night, or l'msair .! mista'en. And.the Annan's rising—it'B snawing n"oo among the hills." •'So. saying, he peered' out into the dark nighty looking inland, where black; v,' clouds 'were gathering and blotting out tie faint rays of the full mooii.. The 1'wind was crying, and blent with its cry was another fainter sound, that of the troubled annan, which flowed seaward v . scarcely a stone's throw away. Close to him, and to right and left of •, him; stretched the old kirkyard inwhich ,V he had been sexton, ipan, and boy, for forty years. Here and there in the ,< vidimness flashed a tombstone, and every where the rough graves rolled like a sea; He looked' out impatiently, while, a sudden gust of wind crossing the kirk i, yard struck the bid church till if shook • again, and died away like low thunder in the direction of the Eirth. • * " What's keeping the meenister ?" he murmured impatiently. " It's time we .were baith hame." • As he spoke, there flitted before him •• on the grass-grown footpath something like a human figure, with a gleam of white like a dress .fluttering inthe wind. "Wha's there?" he cried, Btarting nervously. , In a moment the figure vanished, dis appearing along the footpath towards , the church gate; and simultaneously a low moaii, ■ as of a human creature in :: pain, roae and died upon the chilly air. Had Solomon been a superstitious £ ;mah, instead of the most matter of fact human creatures, he might have bus-| pected something supernatural in a I ■'presence so mysterious, coming at such ;' an hour and in such a place; but as it r ~..,was, he simply' grumbled to himself,! -audibly expressing his dislike of "grace less hizzies" . who. came, hanging about the Bacred ; spot after dark, for the . ..kirkyard was a favourite -trystiug and j ,.. courting place of rural lovers of all . ages,; whose goings on scandalised \- holier members of the population, \- especially Solomon the sexton, who was 7 an old bachelor, and a misogynist into •the. bargain. To the cry of seeming • agony he paid no heed, attributing it 'to the- pranks of someone or other of the " graceless hizzies " aforesaid, play , the ghost and trying to - "scaur or • fright the lawful custodian of the i place. AU at once the light in the vestry was extinguished, and the minister, a man of about fifty years of age, ap peared on the threshold, wrapt in a heavy winter cloak and carrying a ; thick staff; " Lock up; Solomon, my man," he said. Solomon obeyed, turning the key in : the inner door, and then that of the ' , outer one of solid oak, while tlie minis ter stood waiting on the path. Then the '.two, side by side, and with much the 8nme kind of mechauic trot, passed ' across the churchyard, pausing now aud again to struggle with the fierce gusts, . and to hold on their headgear—the sexton his Sunday ''bonnet,'.and'the minister his broad-brimmed cloricalbat. Reaching tho iron gate, which was rattling and creaking in the wind, they descended three moss-grown Bteps, and reached the highway. Horo all was pitch dark, for.tho shadow of tallye w trees fell from the other side deepening the nocturnal blackness; but, crossing the road, they, opened, another gate, crossed ' the'gardeu whore the yew trees grew, : and reachod the door of tho manse. i .Standing hero in complete shelter, ■ they heard tho "sough of tho blast overhead,among the tossing boughs, like ■i the wild, thunder, of a stormy sea. . The manse was a : plain- two-story DidldihgJ' as ^'old'aa the;times' of the Covenant, and containing numberless cheerless chambers, the majority of which were unfurnished. Here the Rev. SampHon Lorraine had dwelt in Bolitude for five-and-tweuty years. He had come to the place as a shy young bachelor, a student and a bookworm, and despite all the sieges that had been laid to his heart, as was inevitable in,a place where marriageable men were few and spinsters many, a bachelor he had remained ever since. People said that a love disappointment in early life had made him thereafter invulnerable to all the charms in women, but at first his single condition made him very popular. ' Presently, however, as his position as a bachelor grew more con ! irmed, and; his eccentricities increased, he ceased to awaken much , interest. For the rest, he was a ripe, if somewhat pedantic, scholar, arid a constant con tributor to a journal of ; Scottish antiquities published from month to month in Edinburgh. , Opening the door with a latchkey, he entered'a bare lobby, and striking a light, led the way into a large room on the ground floor. It was scantily fur nished with an old carpet, an old fashioned circular table with drawers, arid several chairs ; huton the walls were numerous shelves,, covered with books. The room had two large windows, looking on the back lawn, which sloped down to the river, but was without curtains of any kind. A fire burned on the hearth, and a rude bos of peat fuel stood by the fire side. One side of the table was spread with a clean cloth, on' which stood a tray with bread, oatcake, cheese, and butter, a large stone water jug, a black bottle, and some glasses. . "Sit ye down, Solomon," said the minister, placing a lighted candle on the table. _ • Solomon stood, hat in hand. Every Sunday evening for many a long year he had entered the house in the same way, at the same hour, and received the same invitation. Seen in the dim light of the room, tne sexton was a little, wizened, white haired man, with hoary bushy eyebrows, keen grey eyes, and sunken, sun tanned cheeks. He was dressed in decent black, with a white shirt, and the kiud of collar known in Scotland as " stick-ups." The minister on the other band, was tall and somewhat portly, with a round, boyish face, gentle! blue eyes, and mild, good-humoured mouth. His hair was white as snow, and fell almost to his shoulders. " Sit ye down, sit ye down," he re peated ; " and take a glass—the night is cold." Solomon placed his bonnet' carefully on the edge of the table, and seated himself respectfully on one of the cane bottomed chairs. Then, leisurely and solemnly, he poured out a glass of raw spirit. Meantime Mr. Lorraine, having divested himself of his cloak and hat, sat down in the armchair by the fireside. " Here's fortune, sir," said Solomon, drinking off the whisky; then, wiping his mouth with his sleeve, he sat bolt upright and expectant, waiting if his superior had anything more to say. "We had but a small gathering the night, Solomon," observed the minister thoughtfully. Fifteenfolk.no counting the bairns; but we hno preached to fewer. I mind last winter, when the snaw was on the groun', wo had but three at afternoon service, forbyo Mysie Simpson and mysel'." The minister laughed gently. " I am afraid the new lights are too much for us," he observed. " Young Mr. Lauderdale up at the Kuowes has, they tell me, a great congregation." Solomon drew himself up nnd gave a snort of contempt mingled with defiance. "Sae ye had yourself, when folk ! thought ye were a mairrying man, sir. ■ I hao seen the auld kirk, cramm'd to the door, and twa-thirds mairrageable lasses and their mithcrs; but noo its a godless generation!" The minister fixed his eye thought fully on the fire as he replied— " I'm afraid we aro behind the times, Solomon., We are both of us becoming old, and the young folk are growing up on ovcry side. " Thoro's marrying and christening everywhere, and still we.two' remain alone. In a little while, Solomon, wo shall bo called to our account, with out having known, either of us, tho blessing that, woman's love, can giro, or the comfort that comes; with' the cry. of, bairns," ; - ■ ■ ■ " Ye mind what St. Paul said, sir ?" I said the other doggedly—" and women are kittle cattle!" " I suppose that's good philosophy, hut it's Bmall comfort, Solomon, my man. I think I should have been a happier man if I had married!" The sexton smiled incredulously and shook his head; then, with as near an approach to a smile as his withered features could commaud, he said slily and sarcastically:— "It's never owre late to men', Bir. You're a hale man yet, Lord kens ; and three or Lower I wat o' wad jest snap at ye! - There's Miss Dalrymple o'the Mearns, and the Weedow Burness, and —:—'* . ; "No,, no,, Solomon," said Mr. Lor raine, laughing; "you . overrate my chances; and, whether or no, I'm far o'er old to try matrimony now. But it's a lonesome life, a lonesome life! "Whenever I hear the school bairns cry ing in the, street, I envy those that have little ones to dandle upon the knee. I have no kith or kin—nay, scarce a' friend, in all the world." ' Ye hae me, sir,' returned Solomon, in a low-voice. " No that I wad liken mysel' to a meenister and a scholar like yoursel'; but I hae been your clerk for nigh thirty years, and auld acquaintance is kindly, like clean linen. Atweel,is it no better to be a free man than to hae a seoldin' wife, or bairns that gang the deil's road,like mony i' the parish? And if you wad tak' a gless noo an' then to cheer your heart, you'd find it a better comforter than tane or tither!" With this pregnant sentence Solomon rose to go, while Mr. Lorraine, without responding, continued to look dreamily at the fire. : ' "Are ye mindin' the funeral the morn ? " the sexton asked, taking up his bonnet. , Mr. Lorraine nodded. "Can I bring ye anything before I gang to bed? : I maun rise at five to feenish the grave." • " No ; go to bed. I shall sit up Mid read a little." . ^ . " Weel, good-night, sir." ; Good-night, Solomon.". Thereupon Solomon left the room, closing the door softly behind him. Lighting a candle in the lobby, he made his way quietly to his chamber in the upper part of the house, where he slept, and which was, indeed, the only cham ber in the manse, excepting the minis ter's sitting room and adjoining bed room, which contained any furniture. The minister sat for some time musing, then with a sigh he took a book from the shelves and began to read. It was a volume of old sermons, written by a south-country clergyman, impas sioned, wrathful, and in the narrow sense Calvanistic. As he read, the wind roared round the house, and moaned in the chimneys, and rattled the shutterless windows; but as the wind rose the darkness decreased, and the vitreous rays of the moon began playing on the window panes. Mr. Lorraine lit his pipe—the only luxury in which |he indulged; for des pite his plump figure, which he in herited, he was abstemious and a teetotaller. Then, with another sigh, he rose and walked thoughtfully up and down the room ; paused at one of the windows, and looked down on the moonlighted lawn which sloped to the riverside; talking all the time to him self, as was his confirmed habit. " Ay, ay, a wild night!—and snow coming, Solomon says ! Eerie, eerie is the sough of the wind in the trees. It minds me ever of her, and- when the moon's up it is like the shining of her face out of the grave. "Wee Mar jorie! my bonnie doo ! Thirty long years ago she died, and I'm still here! still here!" Tears stood in the old man's eyes as he'; looked out in a dream. Through the long years of loneliness and poverty —for his living was indeed a poor one —he had cherished the memory of one who had gone away from him to God when only in her eighteenth yeur. ' " She was a grand scholar, tho' a lassie aud so young," he murmured, after a pause. " I taught her the Latin and the Greek, and she tried to teach me tho French, but I was o'er blate to learn a new-fangled tongue. Mar jorio ! my own bonnie Marjorie ! l ean hear her voice, singing still, as when we were lass and lad." Presently he walked to the circular table; and unlocking a' drawer; drew 'forth several pld Bchoolbooks and some' sheets o£ time-worn music. He turned them over gently, like a man touching sacred things. One of the books w»b Xenophon'a "Anabasis," another Ovid's " Metamorphoses," a third a book of French grammar and exercises; and on the flyleaf of each was written in 'a pretty feminine hand the owner's name —" Marjorie Glen." The same name was written on all the pieces of music but one, on which was inscribed, in faded ink and in the same hand, these words -.— ■ To dearest Sampson, with Marjor.'e's love. The piece was an old Scotch song of infinite beauty and pathos—the " Land o' the Leal." * He opened it, and read the words sadly, with the sweet old music ringing in his ear:— ! I'm wearing awa', Jean, : ' 1 ike anaw when it's thaw - Jean, I'm wearing awa' to The l.and o' the Leal! Alas! and nearly a lifetime had slipped away since the angels in that shining land had beckoned,, an d the little hand had put down the;- sheet of music, and the loving heart had grown cold and still! r Close to the books and music, in a corner of the drawer; was a..packet of old letters, bound with a silken ribbon which the writer had once worn in her hair. The old man took lip the packet without opening it, and kissed it re verently; then, with streaming eyes, he knelt down before his chair, covered his face with his hands, and prayed. " Marjorie! my pet! my bonny doo!" he said aloud. " Can you hear my voice calling you where you sit and sing among the angels of God ? He took you from me when ye. were little more than a bairn, and He left me to toil alone, though He gave me strength to thole my trouble and live on. You're a bairn still, my Marjorie, and I am old, old; your hair's golden still, my pet, but mine is like the snow. "Will you ken me when me meet at last ? Ay, ay, it will be a strange meeting that—between an old, old man and a bairn! But though the body grows weak and old, the heart keepB young, and I love you still my doo. ; May the Lord God that took you from me have you in His keeping, Marjorie, now and for evermore. Amen!" 