ECHOES OF AfELBOURaNE. (BY THE Gnos'.), Ere those lines are in type Christmas of 1884 will have joined the great majority, and be numbered with things of the past.: People will have wished, and been wished, "the compliments of -the season" until the time-hallowedformula in which " when a body meets a body '. it is deemed right they should address each other, loses all the significance it may ever have possessed, and is repeated as much as a matter of course, and without any more meaning attaching to the words as is the benediction involved in the homely British "good-by." This stereotyped greeting one is compelled to submit to whncu'er- one takes one's walks abroad is, however, only one of the crumpled rose leaves of existence at this festive season. In this' "wale of tears," as Mrs.'Gamp was wont to term this 'world of ours, there is no such thing as' unalloyed bliss. Even in Eden there was a serpent; and does not this present period of parties, pantomimes, picnics,' and plum' pudding entail- podophylin ?, Worse than all,;does not each recurrence of the great Christian 'holiday bring us face to face with tle res anigusta domi in the shape of. tradesmen's little bills? Moore, the most pathetic of Irish poets,'has told us that " Sp'ing would be but sorry weather if 'we had nothing else but spring," and 'so with Christmas. Foitunately, as the proverb has it, .'it comes but' once a year.' Boo ivweak huulanitye q ld la 4al 'tand' a 'more fie quent flpetition of thdeindigestion, the troubles which Bridget (who, poor girl, must have her holiday' just at this time and takes it too) inflicts on the household, the dust, the'heat, the crowded trains, and the other agremens incidental to this par ticular epoch of Australian .existence. Nevertheless, a merry Christmas to you all ! The unseasonable weather we are just 'nov "enjoying" has created quite a dearth of snake stories.. The ophidian, as a rule, loves the. sunshiho quite as much as the blutterfly, and, "no sun, no snakes," is a recogaqsea 'law of Australian nstqial history. ..To the p?o? scribe gravelled for lack of matter, the absence of this fruitful souree of "paragraphs"? is a subject of serious im port. He is thrown back on. gigantic Gippsland .godoebe'rries, cabbages of abnormal 'dimensions, and such; like jour nalistic small deer. "The silly isons' drive 'hliim' to 'hiis wits 'nd-at times it must be confessed no very... long. distance-for pabulum for ..his. pen. There aroe no politicians aboiu,t with whom to" yarn" as to thie robabilities oi the future, and one, might eyetl eipee to stumble aginst a deo'd on tlle" Collls-s gteet'eliloek'Aqto iuyeeta eimber o' PI4' Ihisient'ii} Tsl?qurne.;' cmqni "otl\eo.i ;evs b?etaoie the?eselvp to theiro hoaos, or to lmae seaside,, dr t? ';tle adjacent colonies, th o "'fideo' tradei's"t' railway passes affordinig even the' staiinchst "of protooetionists "an easy and- accessible;" and at the same time. economical, means of travelling ii'" fbreign parts." The mysterious 'add "suspicions circum stan'es surrounding the death of MIr.'John Bragge Slack are, despite the exertions of the detective police, and the- numerous. "clues" they hlave discovered, ne mpy teriouis and suspicious is .ge! f t .'I Barnes mad. i' h likelly '"to prove 's diticult a nleest;ion to solve as the same query; in' regard to'Hamlet. At present the self accused murderer is beyond doubt insane, a?d in liis wild delirious 'ravi igi he has conifessed to' the perpo tion' of p,~h4lthe:I of ceines of which loe miostt gertainuly is i9noa gent. Ih as some of tiq prisons aithoritles mqinp, tlhe pQnvict ih shai?ninlg insanity, in oeder to be remnoved fromi' 'Pdeentrldgo to the Yarrd Bend "lunatio Asyluin, liis anxiety would' go. far .to prove that the outside opinion that our great penitentiary is not the comfortable retreat those'whohwso not been privileged' to enjoy, its hospitality avor it to bb. itcan hardly be a pleasant refuge when, after the.,.e?posst recently. made of the treatment the patients receive at, the "hands--and feet.-of the .warders, prisone'rs"'iitre'' desirous:'bf .beineg placed under their care, rather than remain in the establishment, presided over by Mr. B]ret,. ' T'he newly inaugurated carriage drive; which is, after all, henceforth to be known by the unmictbetic designation of Rotten Row, is day by day growing in favour. During the present summer it will assuredly? be the .afternoon fashionable resort of the " carriage folk" of Melbourne, and resound to what the rude old sage of Chelsea 'describes as "the hair-brained chatter of irresponsible frivolity." To bring it up to the level of its London prototype, the " Row" should have its rail and its chairs, against the first of which 'the masher," with cigar in mouth, can prop up his limp anatomy and ogle the bealsu-onds e as it passes in review' before hiin; and on the latter of which 'the "dude" can display those tight iether garmenits affected by his class, which sug gest, in respect to his legs, King George the Third's quiery in regard to the apple dumplings, as to how they got inside their envelope. Tlhe Government has made its final selection of the gentlemen who are to con stitute the Royal Commission on Irrigation. Mr. Hugh )M'Coll is, as a matter of course, to'be one of the members. It is whispered that some of the gentlemen asked to join the Commission objected to be asso .;dated with the honourable representative of landurang. Mr. Deakin, however, re fused to listen to the objectors. The Minister of Public Works doubtless felt that it would have been nothing less than an act of the Ibasest ingratitude to leave out in the cold the one member of the Assembly who has made water his hobby, and to whose speeches, delivered in season and out of season on the floor of the House on the subject of irrigation, lie owes the pleasant jaunt to California and Mexico, wliic lie is to enjoy-at the country's expense-during the recess. Do " coming" ambassadors, like coming events, cast their shadows before them? Is there any relation between the attacks which have been made of late from time to time in the columns of one of the metro politan morning journals on our Agent General in London, and the desire of a certain learned Professor to occupy the post at the expiration of the tenure of the present incumbent of tihe position P Is Mr. C. H. Pearson, M.P., so ol'livious of the lesson convoyed in the old fable of the dog and the bone as to abandon the sub stance, of the representation of East Bourke, with its .£300 per annum, far a. mere shadow P These are questions the quid suancs are putting to themselves in regard to.the intended de parture from our shores of the lhonourable 'gentleman. For some little time past it has been 'an open secret that Mr. Pearson contemplated bidding a long farewell to all his political greatness here I that on the occasion of the prorogation le had shaken lhands for the last time with "iMistal Spekiah," and 'that the echoes of the As soembly Chamber had for the last time been awakened by the mellifluous tones of his voice. In shaking the dust of the colony from his feet, the learned Professor will "better himself" no doubt. As a lecturer on colonial topics he would prove an un doubted success in Englhnd, and his :experience., as a sheepfarmer in South Australia (in breeding from wethers) would be invaluablelto intending emigrants. STo say that the news of the annexation of the northern portion of New Guinea by 'Germany has been received with deep in dignation by all classes in Melbourne is to sh?tto the case mildly. What your true Victorian-native or imported-objects to Imost profoundly is being "sold," and that the Australian colonies have been 'grossly befooled by Lord Derby is beyond dispute. Were Australia now federated, there is small doubt that the timid Colonial Secretary 'would experience a rough time of it at the hands of the neow dominion. The question as to. whether the course of events is not precipitating rus towards the iday when we shall set up as a nation on our own account is now being.considered seriously by persons.who, but a short time 'ago, looked upon, the idea of an indepon dent Australasia as a visionary's dream. "Cutting the . painter" is no longer thought an impossible contingency, and its suggestion no longer savours of rank blasphemy. Not that Victorian loyalty to the Queen has abated one jot or tittle. But there is a widespread feeling that there is a point beyond which loyalty degenerates into servility, and that it bechoves us, if we would approve our selves worthy scions of the grand old race 'from which we sprung,, first of all to be loyal to ovrselves. Doc. 27. 