ffloveltst. DAN'LYQNS^DOOM. By WAIF "WANDER. CHAPTER I. BESISNOTON. " A H D this is the place?".the tall, refined looking young man asked, as he seated himself on a stone upon the hill-side and surveyed the country at his feet. "This is Marranga yon have talked to me so much about, Tady?" '" 'Tia, misther Leonard; we are in it at last, praises be. There farenint you is big Mount Boban, with the little township lying at the pit of it, just the same as it was twelve yoare ago. And now look below you to your right; do you see the low house wid the trees a'most a-top of it, and Boban Greek creeping along by it like a thread of silver in the grass ? Well, that's St. Herriok's place." "Ah, I see it, Tady; and your golden claim, where did it lie?" " Where it lies yet, please God. Do you see the big dead tree sticking white like a skeleton, out of the elope behind the house ? The claims were not twenty yards from that." " Well, now Tady, just tell me the story of the St. Herriok's on the spot while I smoke a pipe. It has always seemed to me a very nnreal story; perhaps I may feel more like orediting it if I hear it here on the spot from whioh I can see the soene itself." "You wor ever an' always a hard nut, misther Leonard, and wouldn't believe the priest himself if he wint against you; but here you are now, afther travellin' thousands aV miles to make a liar of me an' you can't do it." Leonard Prosser laughed pleasantly as he manipulated his tobacco, and looked slyly at the oomical figure seated near him on the grass. " I don't know so much about that, Tady. What witnesses have you at Marranga?" "I was just wonderin'," Tady returned, . thoughtfully. " If he's here yet, there's a gentleman lives in one of them white houses beyant the bridge that can tell you the story as well as I can, an' bedad, he may tell it, for I won't never again. I'm tired of being misbelieved and misdoubted." "If I thought you were in earnest, I'd go his pipe and began to smoke enjoyahly, " but I know that you cannot wiBh for a greater proof of my confidence in you than that I should have followed yon half round the world to see Marranga and the lost claim." " That's true, sur, but all the same I'd like Mr. Pollard to tell you about it, if he's to the fore, but twelve years is a long time." " Who was Mr. Pollard ?" " He was a magistrate, an' a great friend intirely of Ooloiiel St. Herriok's. But here, I'll Bay no more till we go down to the township. See, there's the coach just tnrnin' round the Gap road - she'll get in an hour before us." The young gentleman did not reply. He was thoughtfully scanning the landsoape be neathand around him with the doubly in tense enjoyment of a lover of nature debarred from a view of her charms for the many weeks occupied by a long sea voyage, and thinking not a little about the events connected with the 8t. Herricks, of whom he had So often heard from his bumble friend, Thadeus Connor. As they are seated there, silently, let me desoribe the two dissimilar beings who play no uneventful part in this .Story. Leonard Prosser was twenty-three, Bnd a pioture of handsome and muscular health. In his bronzed face, every feature indioated an intelligent and loveable nature, his dark hazel eyes especially having the clear, frank expression of a thoughtful yet frank and fearless nature. He was attired in serviceable, well-cut tweed, and had a soft brownfelt hat on his short brown curls. Thadeus Connor was thirty-five, if a day, and was about as ordinary a specimen ot humanity as you could imagine. He was short of stature, thin- limbed and big-jointed. 'Hisarms were too long for the size of his little forjn, and his eyes, set deep in their sockets under pent-houses of red hair, were fiery and small like a ferrets. His round shoulders and odd figure were exaggerated by a tightly-fitting coat and trousers of a bright blue, decorated amply with brass buttons, and a brilliant peaoock s feather was stuok in the "front ot -his stiff, low-crowned blaok hat. A very glittering Albert denoted the presence of a watch in .his pocket, and a great gold ring adorned one of his stumpy little fingers. The expression of every, line of his form and every twinkle of his little eyes was of cunning and self-conceit, but those wiho knew the little Irishman w?ll could have told how true and faithful was the heart few gave him " There's a path close to us on the right i I wonder where it-goes to?" said Leonard, breaking the silence at last. " The plaoe where the'Colonel was buried was up there on the side of the hill," replied the Irishman, as he turned his face over his shoulder to scan the traok alluded to ; " but by the piper that played before Moses, wherever it goes to there's an angel oomin' down it?" As was only natural, young Prosser turned also to see what had drawn the exclamation from his humble friend, and ho too saw coming along the green fair hillside, a form that might at least nave been one in a dream of ieaven so sweet and unearthly it was in the faittBt loveliness. It was a young girl ot eleven or twelve years, followed-by a coalblaok Newfoundland dog. So strange altogether was the appearance of this child that Leonard Prosser hesitated ere he decided Bhe. was truly an inhabitant of this lower world. , About eleven years old, as I have said, the girl was small for her age, and by far too delicately slender. She was attired ins pale blue dress, over whioh fell down to her very waiBt a cloud of the most lovely fair hair that ever grew on a child's head. . It was not golden fair, but of that far rarer hue that resemblet the side of a young fawn with the gloss of satin on eveiy'h&ir.; The.pale face, overshadowed by the drooping brim of a broad Tusoan hat, was so delioately outlined in every feature that no waxen one was ever more perfectly modelled, nor yet had a brighter rose on its cbeeks, and in every line of the face and form there was expressed a oalmness and peace that was surely not of ibis world. As the girl, neared the men she looked at' them steadily, and without a trace of fear in the soft blue eyes .over which the fair lashes fell like a veil; but the great dog moved steadily to her side and examined the friends oautiously as she paused before them and spoke. " You are strangers'? " she asked gently. "Yes, quite strangers," Leonard replied, with a smile that at once assured the child she was addressing one who was to be trusted. We have only come to Marranga within the hour; and you?" "II oh I am no stranger. I was born at Marranga." There was a pause, in which Tady's small eyes seemed to settle themselves on the child's face with a great wonder in them. " Are you the gentleman who has taken St. Herriek's?" she asked hesitatingly, as she gazed at Leonard, while she held more alosely to her breast a cluster of golden.blossoms she was carrying. " I think not'; we have as yet made no arrangements for residing at Marranga." I beg your pardon," the child said gently; Herriek's was mama's home once, and we heard some gentleman had rented it. I did so hope it would be some one nioe." The last sentence was repeated thoughtfully, as her eyes wandered down to the low house among the trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'e. Stay Miss," the Irishman said eagerly,'as the girl was turning to go on her way. "Are you a St. Herriok? " " Yes, I am Resignation St. Herriok—the.late Colonel St. Herriok was my father." " I thought so," Tady cried, " you have the poor Colonel's eyes as like as two peas." " Mama says so; did you know him 1 did you know my dearfatber?" and the rosy flush spread from the soft cheeks all over the fair Yes, Miss, I knew him well. I was here at Marranga I suppose before you were born." " Yes, it must have been. Papa was dead before I was born, that is the reason mama called me Assignation. Bid you love my papa? " " Everyone respected and liked him I" Tady said quickly. " No, not everyone; there was a bad man— you forget—the man who killed him." " Yes, the curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons 1" Tady cried angrily. "Hush, do not speak wrong words. God knows beet himself. May I shake hands with you because you know my dead papa 1" " God bless the child 1" the honest Irishman said, as he clasped the little slender hand that waB tendered him. " You will shake hands with me, too, as a new friend ? My name is Leonard Prosser," the young gentleman said, putting out his band also," and will you introduce pie to your dog? Dogs and I are always great friends." "My dog is called Guardian, sir, for he takes care of me, and is a very faithful dog. Are you going to stay here sir? " " Yes, dear, we think of remaining for some time near Marranga." " I am glad, I shall see you again. Goodbye now," and the child made a grave bow to Leonard and Tady, and then glided down the path toward St. Herriek's. "Isn't that quare now?" the Irishman asked as they stood and watched the light form passing through the underwood that skirted the eminence on which they had been rick's daughter the very first oh landing in the place ? " " It is a strange coincidence, truly. This child was not born then, when you left Marranga, Tady ? " "No, but one was expected if the mother lived. God help her, it was a hard trial she had to bear, what do you say to getting down to the township now, Mr. Leonard? The coach is nearly in, and we'd better be seein' afther our thraps." CHAPTER II. TEC DESERTED CLIBIS. A few hours later found Leonard Prosser and hiscompanion, the little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's office at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over the fact of that gentleman being still a reaidant of that neighborhood. He had introduced his young master, and given the J.P. a sketch of hie doings during his absence from Australia, and now he was greedily inquiring as to the events of the last twelve years in quiet Marranga. " And so you tell me that a pick has never been struck in tbem claims sinoe, Mr. Pollard?" " Not since our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the claims had paid well, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady." " I wint, yes," the Irishman said aggressively ; " but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the best in No. 2, but on aooount of the place gettin' a bad name—you know that yourself, sir." " Yes, a story of the claim being haunted got abroad, and every shaft waB deserted; but as I said before, there was nbt much temptation—no lead was ever found." " I don't know that," obstinately asserted Tady, " I had a fool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right track. An' thin' I got the master's letter oallin' me home to look afther Mr. Leonard here." "He means my father," explained the young gentleman. "You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and his jaunt out to the diggings was an escapade of which his friends did not approve." " Well, I'm back again in spite of 'em;' 1 said Tady; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Leonard the story—no one knows it better nor yourself." ' " It'was'a sad story,"i,the'pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wine toward his new friend, young Leonard; " and agreat shock to me personally was the death of my friend, Colonel St. Herriok. It is about fifteenyears ago now, I think, sinoe he first settled here with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Marranga. " The colonel had some independent means, and built the house known yet as St. Herriok's on the ground he purchased; but when, some yoars after, the gold fever found its way to Marranga, he was one of the first who sunk a shaft and found, as he considered, sufficient indications of the precious metal to induce further efforts. , "For some time, however, he could not suoceedm inducing anyone to join him, the few residents being occupied in farming, or busiess of one-kind or other, and the place having not yet become known sufficiently to enourage .regular diggers. At last, however, the Colonel came to me one day in greatspirits with the news that he hBd employed a man who had accidentally called in travelling toward the Murray. " It was some time, however, before St. Herrick told me that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when the facts came out and were made public there were many who wondered that my friend would have ventured on such a step as permitting the man to work as his partner, as well asjbocome an inmate of hiB home. The facts appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St. Herriok, Dan Lyons had been sentenced'to tenyears penal servitude for shooting -with intent at a land bailiff, whom he was obnoxious to, and that the cvidenoe was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herriok was a proof.'.' . " It was Dan Lyons, then, who committed the foul dead 1" Leonard questioned. " Undoubtedly, though the wretch has escaped and baffled justice. It was Lyons himself that gave the alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? " " Av coorse, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulloo when he kem to No. 2 screeohin' that the claim was fell in an' that the Colonel was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that we knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took ns three days to do it." " Aye," responded Mr. Pollard," three terrible days for the poor widow wln> would hope to the laBt, though we all knew that the Colonel must have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pretended to be one of the moat aotive workers, but he was in reality retarding the searoh, and he disappeared from the moment that St. Herriok's corpse was seen with a note-book in one stiffened hand and a pencil in the other." " The poor fellow ,had left evidence against his murderer ? " * "Yes. In the few sorawled words written in darkness and in the oppression of death, he told how Lyons had cut away the props and told him of the revenge he had planned— told him of it ere he escaped himself, and while the soil was slowly settling down between him and his victim. There was no more but a blessing on his wife and his unborn babe." " We saw the little girl to-day," Leonard said, and he related what bad pasBed between Resignation and them. " She is a lovely girl," he added, " but looks very delioate." "She has grown up with the very shadow of the grave on her," Mr. Pollard returned. " The very name given her was the last that should have been chosen, for her mother has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day she will see her husband's murderer brought to justice here on the spot where he died, and the dead father is almost the sole subject of conversation between her and her little girl." " Where do they live now ? " Tady asked. " In a little house I had built for them after the Colonel's death. On his affairs being settled it was found that there was but a few hundreds left after the house and land was paid off. St. Herricks being put in the market, I bought it myself, and offered to take Mrs,.St. Herrick SB a tenant, but she declared it would be impossible to remain where Bbe had been so happy, and where everything would refiind her of her dead husband so I built the cottage where they now live; it is on the slope above the old plaoe, Tady you will remember it ? " " Yes, sir, well." " The property has been a loss to me," the good man continued, " for a story of its being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now, however, I have just Beoured a tenant whose profession ought to prevent any superstitious terrors from him." " What is ho ?" " By his dress, I should say a member of some religious order, and his mother calls him " Father James." " He has a family, then ?" man, as far as I could see. And now about yourselves." You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?'' " Wi' the help o' God. I'm aB sure as I sit here that there's lumps of gold in that gully, Mr. Pollard." " Well I hope there may be, for your sake, and Mr. Leonard's top. Where are you going to put up?" " At the hotel, for the present, Mr. Pol lard," replied Leonard. " I must have a look at these wonderful claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must confess that I don't at all share Tady's cer tainty of a golden claim." "More shame for you to say it," cried Tady, angrily, as he got up from his seat; " but if you're comin', we have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard." " We had proposed a visit to the claims," young Prosser explained. " It is not a long walk, I believe." " About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Prosser; if you have no objection, I will walk with you. It is years since I saw the place,' which has, as you may suppose, sad recollections for me." It was a lovely spring afternoon; and as the trio crossed Boban Creek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almost simultaneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire the scene around them. The gliding waters of the creek, glistening among its fringes of sweet-scented Honoring wattle; the stately Mount Boban, heaving up his huge Bides, laden with their wealth of forest, flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams ; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with content sheep and cattle, until lost in the low line ot blue hills in the distance—all formed as sweet a landscape as Leonard Prosser had ever gazed upon. " It is lovely," he said, " and se different from what I fancied. My idea of Tady's diggings was of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this." " In ten minutes ycu will see something more like what you expected, Mr. Prosser," observed the J.P. " The gully is even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. The ourse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass." Turning to the right they passed the overgrown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as " St. Herrioks," and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreamB. It seemed to be a cleft in the hills down whioh the dry traok of a winter torrent, and up the sloping sides of whioh straggling trees grew, and wild foliage flourishedrankly. Here and there were broad level spots that had been swept in winters gone by from the green hill sides, and toward one of these level places the steps of Mr. Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly struggled to hide the sunken level and the thrown up heaps that denoted the plaoe where they had dug to recover the body of a foully-murdered man. Huge trees without one sign of leafy verdure on them stretched their bare, bleak, crooked limbs over it as if in warning and guard, and among the scarred, bard soil, where no grass would grow, a few treacherous holes with lichens waving long tendrils down their cavernous depths, denoted where the deserted shafts of the long ago miners had been. " Is this at all like what you expected, Mr. eonard?" thegentlemanasked.ashe paused n the edge of the Bnnken level. " It is worse," almost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. " I scarcely wonder that men wouldbe unwilling to work here, even for gold. What do you say, Tady ? " " I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change hers Bure enoogh, and they say that a ourse will always lie where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollsrd? They were tine box trees twelve years ago." " There, was a bash Are that {helped the desolation, I believe, Tad;. Can you point out your old claim 1" "For sure, sir. The Colonel's No. 1 was here where the ground's low, and our's was that one beyant there, where the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to [the edge of Tady's old shaft and looked down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and threw it down, and as it splaxbed into hidden water the Irishman shuddered as if a cold wind had struck him. " I think your gold-digging at Marranga will never be resumed, Tady," young Prosser said. " There is water down there, and a flooded claim is no. joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on the spot all-interest in No. 2, it would seem to me like digging in a grave." " The place oL graves has not always been respected in the searoh for gold in our new land," observed Mr, Pollard," but let us go; I own- I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot." " What was I sent here for at all?" murmered the Irishman discontentedly. "Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warning of all sorts, I had to come back again to the ould plaoe; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold? " " Maybe 'twas to meet the priest, Tady," Leonard said smilingly. " Is this your new tenant approaohing, Mr. Pollard? I should judge so from his dress." " Yes, it is he," replied Mr. Pollard, aa he paused to speak to the olergyman who was approaohing. Father James was a man so strange in form and movement as to draw the eyes of both Leonard and hie foBter-brother alosely upon him ; he was tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priest-like black coat hung so loosely around him aa to suggest a decrease in bulk since it had been made for him. Indeed, the faoe, showing palely under the broad brim ot the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid—the white, hollow, closeshaved oheeks, the great, sunken dark eyes, with the blue circles round them, suggesting a far from perfect state of health. On meeting him Tady, with the usual respect o his countrymen for their clergy, made him a respectful reverence, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as the stranger stopped te speak to his landlord. " A strange looking man and a sickly one, I should say,"'observed Leonard when they had separated by some steps. " He belongs to some foreign order I think—eh, Tady ? " " Aye, sir, the dress is different from our clergy ? but what eyes he has—they seemed to look right through me, an' I declare it seems to me as if I'd seem 'em before somewhere." Maybe you did, Tady. There were two or three continental priests at Corbally collecting for some charity last summer." " I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost a mass while they were there, an' I seen 'em all." \- " I don't think you ever lost a mass if you oanld help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel here." " No 1" replied Tady viciously, " it's mostly Protestants that are at Marranga — the hathenB; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonatd, Iwas forgettin' you wor one, but you must own that if there were as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't be without a churoh or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that'there is a priest. If he's in orders 'twill be a great comfort to me." They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose pleasant countenance had a broad Bmile qp it as they moved on, Tady falling, a ho always did, a little in the rear. " You have heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ? ^ said Leonard, agreeable nature of what Father James told me that tickled me, but it was the idea of Paddy's sensations when he hears it. What do ynu think the priest told me, Tady ? " " He wouldn't tell you anything bad, anyhow," the Irishman replied stoutly. " Of course not, but something very unexpected. What do you think he is going to do, Mr. Prosser ? " "I oan't guess." " He is going to open up the old ground we have just been inspecting. He is going over to see it now. He says that he has a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ? " " I'll tell you what I think 1" cried Connor, triumphantly. "I think that priest or no priest he won't get No. 2 claim, for I'll go back and peg it out tbis minnit 1 By Jove, we £an set all the ghosts in the country at defiance now when there's a clergyman in the ground, an' we'll take plinty ov gold baok to ould Corbally yet afther all, Mr. Leonard 1" CHAPTER III. LEAVING his companions suddenly, Tady Connor started back toward the gully they had just left, but long before he reached it he saw the tall, black figare of the priest standnear the scattered spot whioh had been the grave of Colonel St. Herrick, and it seemed to the Irishman thBt in spite of the presence of that old mam the gloom of the spot was deeper, and the gaunt branches of the dead trees even more threatening of aspect than they had been a short hour previous; but he cast the fancy from him with an execration on his own folly. "Iwas ever an' always a fool with.the superstition, an' I muBt have sucked it wid me mother's milk, for she was juBt as bad 1 What'ad make the plaoe blacker because the father is there ? " and he trod toward him with a step that made the dry sticks crack, and the dead grass rustle. The clergyman heard the sounds and turned slowly to meet, as he doubtless expected, the gentleman he had so lately parted from, but a quick frown shaded the whits face as he drew the broad hat lower over it at sight of Tady Connor. " Mr..Pollard tould me that ye wor goin' to take up one of the old claims, your reverence, and I came back to tell ye that No. 2 is mine. You see I worked it long ago, and it belongs of right to me, plaze your reverenoe. " I am not in orders," was the reply, in a deep, hollow voice as if the words were spoken through clenched teeth, "and claim no right as a olergyman. What is that you are saying about these claims ? " " Mr. Pollard sea you're goin' to work 'em, sir, an' I am makin' it known to you that No. 2 was my claim long ago." "When?" asked the man we know as Father James. " Nearly twelve years ago, your reverence, before that murtherin' villain Dan Lyons killed the Colonel in this claim—may the urse of God rest on him now and for ever, men 1" Father James started baok almost as if the mpulsive Irishman had struck or threatened im, and Tady's repentance was quiokly vinced. " I beg your reverenoe's pardon, humbly,", e said; " but when I think of the scoundrel forgets myself. You have heBrd about olonel St. Herriok's bein' dug out dead here, ir?" " Yes, I have beard the story. And you orked here ?" " Yes, sir, in No. 2—that abaft there; and I'll work in it again, please God, now that our reverenoe is going to have a hand in it." "I tell you, man, I am not in orders, and I don't want any ot your reverenoeB," Father James repeated angrily, as he turned hie thin white faoe away from Tady. \- " Sorra one o' me cares whether you are in orders or not, yoar reverence," reiterated Tady. "At all events, you wor once, an'I knows my duty in respect to the clergy.- Besides"—and the speaker dropped bis voice and looked around him timorously—" it gives me courage to Btand here anear a man that has stood before the altar." " What do you mean ? What are Jou afraid of, you fool? Do you think that a dead man has power to harm you ?" " No, your reverence; but you know well that the place where a soul has been parted from the body by foul murder is accursed. Look round you, air; the trees have withered here, and the grass won't grow, There isn't a bird ever sings in them dead branches, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that bard clay; bnt I b'lieve in my heart that it the murderer was to come and put his foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up." Involuntarily Father James drew his foot back from the spot where it had rested on the sunken level, and an angry red burned in his hollow cheeks. " You are a fool, I told you that before," he said, " as if Nature'B laws would permit of miracles; but I wish it was true. I wish that the ground would open at the touch of Dan Lyona' foot, for 'twould save me a good deal of labor digging out all tbis soil." " Does your reverenoe know where he is 7" added Tady, in open-mouthed wonder. Enowl not I, of course not; but one fool makes many, and we are told to answer a fool acoording to his folly." Yes sir," Tady replied humbly, though he didn't at all understand what Father James meant. " But will you please to tell me sir if it's true that your going to open up No. 1 again ? " I am," was the short reply; "I have machinery coming up in a day or two, and a man that knows the ground to work it. Whioh shaft do you olaim ? " " That one sir," and Tady pointed to the shaft down which the long sprays of a creeping plant were lovelily swaying, " and I'll peg it out now for safety sake." " Have you a miners'. right ? " Father James asked with a scowl. " Yes, sir, and so has Mr. Leonard; we came a purpose to dig at Marranga." " Who is Mr. Leonard ? " " My master, your reverence; you saw him with Mr. Pollard a bit ago," and honest Tady launched into a volley of praises all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were the words that the priest said, but before he parted from the voluble Irishman he knew all about his long ago experiences at Marranga, and his fcBterbrotber's wealth and position, while of himself or family Tkdy could not carry to the township one iota of intelligence. " A holy man," was Tady's opinion, selfexpressed, as he walked to rejoin his joung master, " and I think he has some vow on him, he is so quiet and still." Aye 1 Father James had a vow on him, but it was one that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than he would of robbing a sacristy t Let us follow the clergyman and Bee what was his opinion of the garrulous Irishman. At the weather-stained gate that opened to the overgrown gardens of St. Herriek's, he paused for a little to look down upon the township that was plainly visible from where he stood, but had any one been there to watch that pallid countenancc they must have recognised the fact that his thoughts were not on the white houseB by tbe roadside, or the painted bridge over the creek, Dear ^hich the JT.B. Jin the board at the while deep set eyes a lurid fire burned. The long fingers with which he clutched the top bar ol the gate seemed to hold it with a grip of irou, rigid as the set teeth and compressed lips ol tho man. A atop came down the garden walk, but he did not hear it, for he started when a hand was laid on his arm. " Has anything gone wrong, brother ? " was the question that he heard, and saw repeated in tbe dark face and the keen eyes bent so necr his own. "No —yes," was the oontradiotory reply. I have been down at the old place." At the claims ? " " Yes." " And it has upset you. I thought you were of different stuff, brother." " It was not altogether that, but I met a man there whose pteBenoe may be of evil influence for ns. Do you remember a little Irishman named Tady Connor working in the Gully twelve years ago 1" "Aye, do I; he was in No 2." " Well, he has come back all the way from Ireland to try that claim again, and I am afraid of him." "Why ? Do you remember him ? Does he know you?" " Brother, you have forgotten that Dan LyonB iB dead; how should I, who have never seen Marranga before, know this man, or he me ?•" " I stand corrected," the man who called Father James " brother " said; " yet there are sometimes fancied resemblances." "Yes," interrupted the priest, " and . I think this Connor saw something in my faoe that reminded him of the past. I hope it is not so, but the idea troubled me." The brother looked long and steadily into Father James' face, and then he said with decision— " There is not the most distant family resemblance ; there is not a line, or a feature, or an expression like Dan Lyons." "That is well. Cornelius, what sort of maa was this Connor in those days ? Dan Lyons, I think, knew very little about him." " Connor was a fool; an ignorant, prejudiced, conceited fool, who would believe anything you told him, but was very religions in bis way. Curse these religious people—they do more mischief than a host of devils 1 How did he treat you ?" " With the greatest respect—with exaggerated reverenoe, in fact." " As a clergyman, of course " " Yes." " Ob, then it is all right; in that charaoter you oan twist Tady Connor round your finger." " I saw another old acquaintance of Dan's." "Who?" " John Pollard." " Ah 1 did he see any family likeness ?" " No, I am sure he did not. I told him of our intention to re-open the claim." " That's right; and you told him also that you had one of the old men who understood the ground ?" »I did." " Then everything is going on right; and now I think you had better go in to the mother; she's been awfully restless since you went out." Father James looked toward the west, where in a gorgeous robe of red and purple and gold the Bun was saying farewell to Marranga, nd a strong shudder shook him from head to foot. " Will you never get over it, brother 1" Cornelius asked, with an almost womanly tendernesB; " and you so strong-minded in every other way. You are ready to face tbe retribution we are working for at any day and an> hour, yet you shudder at a phantom of your own fancy." ' ' It is no fancy, CirneHus; I am ready for the living, bat nut for the dead. Fancy! Is that fancy ? Are these fancy ?" and he held out his eoiaoiated, trembling wrists. ' No, but ynu are killing yourself by trying o f.irtify yourself for the imaginary horror* if the night; the spirits yon drink would kill be sironge-st man alive." " It does not kill me, I should die without t." He turned toward the house, half hidden by the trees, as he was speaking, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that senmed shadowy enough to belong to some other world, yet had hidden beneath the black robe all the horrors that tbe crimed of earth oould concentrate into one deed. The house known as St. Herriek's was a low- roofed building of small accommodation, and its dark stone walls were so covered with ivy, that only here and there wbere the gleam ot email windows made themselves known, could the material of whioh it was built be identified. It had more than the gloomy look, too, of a hoUBe untenanted for long years, especially at sunset, when the tall oypress-like trees cast their long shadows across the threshold. Standing on the threshold as tbe brothers approached it, was an indolent-looking young girl of low stature and a heavy build. Every feature in her face was heavy, from the snub noEe and the slow, dark eyes, to the thick fringe of black hair cut straight across her low flatforehead. She had a sulky look, too, as she stood there watching her brothers' approach listlessly, and her ungainly figure was so bedizened with soiled finery, in the shape of lace atld ribbons that the befringed and beflounced black dress looked shabbier than even it was under the contrast. It isn't bad enoogh to to be in a gaol like this, but we must be Btarved waiting for our supper," she said, sullenly, as Father James passed her, and went inside, but Cornelius only laughed in her face as he chuoked her fat, heavily moulded chin. " A pretty girl like you, Nora, wont be in gaol, as you call it, long. You'll be having no end of sweethearts about yon when the Marranga boys begin to find you out." " I don't think there's any boys about," she said, with a pout of her thick lips. " That's where you're wrong, Nora ; there was one asking about you to-day." "Now you're up to some of your larks. Corney," ehe said, doubtingly ; but her eyes sparkled, and her brother saw it. " Faith Fm not. Oh, honor bright, Nora, he saw you through the trees, and he's bound to make your acquaintance." " Who is he ? " the girl asked eagerly. " His name is Tady Connor." " Tady Connor," she repeated thoughtfully; and little guessed Cornelius Brady, as he called himself, vrhat a bomb of destruction he had thrown under hiB own roof when he mentioned the name of Tady Connor to his Bister Nora. In the kitchen of St. Herricks, which, it would seem, was used as a common room by tbe Brady family, a smoking supper was spread upon the table, at which a woman a± some Bixty years was standing when Father James entered. She was a tall, thin woman, with strong hands and wiry arms—the hands and arms of a woman who had worked hard all her life, and was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn from her low forehead under a white muplin op, her dress was pinned up over a blue woollen petticoat, and a checked apron wad spread over all the front of her ebirts. .A small aiiawl covered her -shoulders, and was crossed on her breast, and if a person bail cursorily glanced at Mrs. Brady they must have uet her down as an active, bustling woman, ana a notable housewife. " CTo be continunl.') 