THE NOVELIST, BERNA BOYLE. BY MBS. J. H. BIDDELL, Author of " G eorgeOeith," " The Senior Partner," <Scc. CHAPTER V. " I have been thinking that, as your son is at last returning to his ancestral roof tree, the sooner I take my departure the better Charming as no doubt I have made myself, it is, I fear, a melancholy fact that under the circumstances yon will find my room even pleasacter than my company." " It is out of the way considerate of yon mentioning such a thing," said Mr. Muir. who had not yet quite made up his mind whether he most desired Ensign Ludham'a absence or presence. Two o'clock had struck, the afternoon sun was as hot as any Bun ever can be in Ireland, only two or three pure white clouds flecked the blue expanse of heaven, the green of the meadows had become vivid, a westerly wind caressed the sun-burnt cheeks of lowly hay makers ; down in the glen a trickling stream, flowed slowly to music of its own making ; the peaceful stir of country life pervaded the whole landscape, and Mr. Muir and his guest were, according to agreement, sauntering over the grass in order that the former might see 11 with his own eyes," to quote Miss Bell, how work was progressing. No figure less like the typical Arcadian than Mr. Mnir's probably ever before crossed the sweet summer fields. Tall, gaunt, erect, uncompromising, clad in a suit of evening black, white linen shirt, black stock, and high hat, he stalked solemnly beside Ensign Ludham, who wore a pair of loose light grey trousers, no waistcoat, an old velvet shooting-jacket much the worse foe wear, abroad-brimmed straw oat pushed back from liis forehead, a turn-down collar fastened with a gold stud, carried a notched and gnarled blackthorn lent him by his host, and halted perceptibly as he struggled onward. Mr. Muir looked askance at the youth as they walked along. He would not have thought much, or indeed at all, about " the boy" limping, if it had notueen for what Bell had said concerning him. Bell's utter ances were, as a rule, so eminently diagree able, she found it quite unnecessary to add to tneir unpleasantness by falsehood; there fore her friends had not e^ien the satisfaction of hoping there might not be a grain of truth in what she said. Mies Muira conclusions might be open to doubt, but her facts were incontrovertible. If she stated, not that she thought, but that she had Be.::, a thing, there could be no question on the subject; and Bell, a full week bock, declared the Ensign went up stairs three steps at a time. Mr. Muir had never beheld him doiug anything of the Bort; but that proved nothing. He was getting to feel " duDious" about the officer's straightforwardness. He had "a pleasant way with him," and he came of "decent people," and his ways were "agreeable," and his manners beyond the common affable; yet,. still the farmer thought a great deal as he noticed Ensign LudhanTs painful walk, and; at last be said, "I am afraid you're not as strong on that' bad leg as we could wish." " Oh! it's getting all right," answered the yonng hypocrite. " I ought not to have stood on it so long this morning; that's all." "I believe you're right there," agreed Mr. Mnir, in a tone which meant much more than his words. "At any rate, answered the officer, "I shall be well enough to relieve you of my company very shortly. I should like, if I may, to remain here over Sunday. Then, supposing you could give me a lift as far as Holywood, I'd charter a boat across the Lough—Skirton is at Carrickfergus, in com- - mand of our company, and I ought to join him there." "Carrick's a fine heartsome place," re turned the farmer, more perplexed in his mind than ever—now the hour of parting seemed imminent—as to whether he most wished the officer to go or to stay. "lam very glad, indeed, to near you say so, Mr. Mnir, tor I have alwayB been given to understand the officers' quarters faced the east, which, as we all know, is a peculiarly healthy aspect for delicate people ? " But, Ensign, you're surely not just that delicate yourself i" suggested Mr. Muir,. anxiously. "1 put the matter generally," observed Mr.. Ludham, with a lofty composure; " but, if we must descend to particulars, 1 am not strong. When I am at home, my mother is always asking the doctor about my heart and lungs (no interesting disease, as you must be well aware, ever attaches itself to the liver); and that good gentleman makes a point of tapping my chest as a woodpecker does a tree, and with a like result. He says some thing about me is hollow." " Maybe he's not so far out," remarked Mr. Muir. " And as mine," calmly continued Ensign Ludham, too wise to take notice of Mr. Muir's nasty sarcasm, " is considered a very valuable life—only five healthy persons intervene be tween me and a baronetcy—I am tormented to put my feet in hot water, and wear flannels, and beware, of damp, and go to bed with the lamb, and lie ever so late in the morning; so, you Bee, I can't be strong, Mr. Muir, 1 can't indeed. It is only the enormous care you have taken of me which has preserved its brightest ornament to the Rutlandshire Ragamuffins, as the th is affectionately nicknamed. "It you're tired, won't you sit a bit?" enquired Mr. Muir, hospitably pointing to a felled tree lying near a thorn hedge close at hand. " To be vexed if a man that's held of such account came to harm as long as he steps at Ardilaw." With an appreciative grin, the young fellow stretched himself full length on the trunk, his once injured leg well in evidence, his hat tilted over his eyes—his whole attitude that of utter rest ana contentment, presenting a marked contrast to the stiff figure seated bolt upright at his feet. "As you urge me so strongly, I think I will indulge in a cigar," said the Ensign, putting one lazy band into his pocket and drawing out his case. " Can't I tempt you, Mr. Muir ? I don't think I have ever seen you Bmoke." "No; and I don't think you ever will," returned Mr. Muir. " There was a time— once—when I liked a smoke as well as any man: but I gave it up because a woman could not bear the smell of tobacco; and I've never had pipe or cigar between my lips since." "Really? How very interesting J I hope I am not indiscreet in concluding you were in love with the lady." " I was, or you may be sure I wouldn't havegiven up my will to her pleasure." " What a touching reminiscence ] I wonder whether I shall ever be sufficiently in love to relinquish anything for the sake of my fair." " It is not over and above likely," answered the farmer, with saturnine enjoyment of his own wit; and there ensued a pause, during the continuance of which the song of the ^grasshoppers became distinctly audible, and the officer's thoughts went flitting about like "the butterflies flashing through the summer air. " She was my first wife," observed Mr. Muir. at length breaking silence. "She! Who? Good gracious, what are you talking about?" cried Ensign Ludbam. Oh ! I beg your pardon. I had quite for gotten. You mean, of course, the lady you preferred to tobacco." "Just that," said Mr. Muir, a little down . beartedly, for he felt himself repulsed, as hard natures often do when they lapse into sentiment. "You were very fond of her?" hazarded the officer, raising himself on his elbow— \- shallow waters can reflect cloud aud sunshine even better than great oceans, which some times seem almost to absorb both. " Ay, and bo would you have been if you'd seen her," answered the farmer, grimly in earnest. For once he had scraped the mould out of bis dead wife's- grave and raised her coffin lid and looked at the dust therein, while smiling through the years he beheld the fair bright face which had thrilled his youth with rapture. That, at least, was not lying under the Bod. Though cold, hard, and stern might be the religion he professed—yet the poetry and the passion which underlie all Celtic nature told him in tones more con vincing than any creed that somewhere, somewhere, he would again see that face glorified, all traces of tears wiped away, all sorrow dispelled. Between them—for his Calvanist Pharisaism could not at snch a supreme moment blind him to the fact that he waB—keeping within the law—as coldly wicked a man as ever drew breath—there might yawn a gulf deep and long as that dividing heaven from hell—nevertheless, he felt with his eyes he should behold her, even from afar, as certainly as at that moment memory gave him back a glimpse of dark, laughing eyes, and red, pouting lips, and cheeks the southern sun seemed to have been kissing, and wavy hair, with little more than the suspicion of a curl about it, and a heart —oh, God ! what had that heart not been ere it broke, and in breaking made no sign. " It is a most fortunate thing I never did know her." Thus Ensign Ludbam all un wittingly dispelled the vision Mr.Muir had con . jured up out of the depths of thirty years spent in sin and hard work. " Of course I should at once have fallen over head and ears in love —a feeling you will understand she must immediately have reciprocated—and there never lived a man less desirous of disturbing conjugal peace than myself. On the whole. Heaven knows what is best for us, Mr.' Muir." i curve a ngnc way or raising, i wonaer if it covers a depth of evil doing. "You need not wonder. There never was so childlike and innocent a young fellow as myself. Bless you, 1 know nothing con cerning the sins of this wicked old world. An idyllic life is the life for uie. I could make myself happy atArdilawforever, doing nothing useful of course. Do tell me all about your first wife, your love's young dream, if talking on the subject will not distress you." Ensign Ludham hit the end off his cigar, lit a match, placed himself in a more comfor table position, while Mr. Muir sat with bowed head, hands loosely clasped, wrestling hard with thought and memory. For any one who knew something of humanity it must have been apparent that between the two men there stretched centuries of civiliza tion. There sat a savage—reluctantly con forming to law, influenced by a vague reli gion. Stretched at his ease, full length, upon the fallen tree, lay a reprobate, out of whom modern scepticism and social culture bad crushed every spark of] manhood, save superficial courtesy and physical courage, 'i! The first scarcely understood the full meaning of social restraint, the second had outstepped its boundaries. He was as dan gerous an inmate as a man .possessed of a pretty daughter could have. desired within his doors, as cool a hand, as thorough-paced a blackguard, as ever, when the hour came for mere brute daring to assert itself, rode cheerilv through the Valley of Death to spike an enemy's guDs, or marched on bravely to the front, knowing full well that every bullet has its billet. " I'd like well to tell you some little about myeelf, if it wouldn't tire .you over much;" said Mr. Muir, in a low hushed voioe, as if he were talking in a church. " Should be only too charmed," murmured bis guest, turning himself indolently, so as the better to catch Buch words of wisdom as might on that summer's afternoon be wandering about Ardilaw. "My father and my grandfather before him were bailiffs on the Manor of Clon mellin, in the County of Donegal, in the ser vice of the Gorman family, that you may never have heard tell of?" " Frequently," murmured the officer, who, till that nour, was unaware such a place as Clonmellin existed. "The Gormans had a grand domain. I don't say it brought in much money—for it was mostly seashore and monntain, all but the made land about the house—butyou could walk and ride for hours, days almost, over their property. There were parts where a sheep would have starved—but the wild fowl fat tened. I've myself killed, on . a oold, quiet night, thirty wild duck. Lord I what was there in the way of game you might not have found on those nills 1" " You never by chance met with a lion or a tiger when you were prowling about poach ing?" suggested Ensign Lndham. " I never did; but if I had I wouldn't have been afraid," said Mr. Muir. " No more afraid than to answer to the charge of'poach ing' in any of your English Courts. We had leave to shoot what we liked; if we hadn't my father would have shot me for bringing home what I did. He was a faithful servant. He wouldn't have wronged his master of an ear of com. The agent for the properly lived in Dublin, and came down twice a year to see how things were.going on; hut my father was really the managing and capable man; he had all-things under, his hand—money, and stock and crop, and land." " And all this time, may one enquire what the Gorman of Clonmellin was about ? Was he quite content to leave everything under your father's band, and ask no inconvenient or unseasonable questions ?"• " Yes, quite content" said Mr. Muir, with conviction. " Where there'sAo fraud a master has no need to ask questions.. My great grandfather was Scotch, -and they hanged him on a tree in front, of his bwn house, be cause, being a Covenanter, he wouldnt go against his convictions." "What a plucky old gentleman," com mented the Ensign. " He was that; my father used to sit by the hour and ,teU me stories about him—stories he had from his father; you understand," *' All of which, perhaps, one day soon you will toll me, Mr. Muir; just at present I am dying to hear something of your wife." "I was coming to her, butyou do just as well to whip me on a bit. I'll tell you what the country' side called her—Miss Ratty Gormon — bonny, bright, beautiful Ratty Gorman." " Really; and you were glad, no doubt, to raarrv her, spite of the bar sinister." " What do you mean f Do you think she wasn't the man's daughter ?" " Pray, don't be so vehement, Mr. Muir. I intended no offence. I had no doubt of the fair Katty being Mr. Gorman's child; but " And • the Ensign's pause suggested more than any words he could have spoken. Up into the fanner's face surged a dull and passionate red—which for a moment tinged forehead and cheeks with a wholly foreign colour. For a moment he felt as though some one had slapped him with an open hand—the suggestion, though false, affected him more painfully than the keenest truth could have done, since it seemed to imply so certainly no one who belonged of right to decent people could possibly have mated with himself. Just for a moment he hesitated, then "You are out this time, Ensign," he said, not without a certain triumph. "My wife was Mr. Terence Gorman's eldest ohild, bora in lawful wedlock, and her mother as grand and high a lady as yonr own. There was nothing wanting on her side, and if her people had only given me the ghost of a chance, I'll swear they would have found nothing wanting on mine." "The Gormans were blind, then, Mr. Muir, to your manifold excellences, inherited and otherwise," said the officer, taking his cigar out of his mouth, and again raising him self on one elbow, the better to contemplate at his leisure a man detested at Clonmelhn. "They couldn't read me as I was, more's the pity," explained the farmei. "They were looking for thoughts and notions that had no place in me." "Without wishing for a moment to side with these unappreciative Gormans. might I enquire how you managed to secure the eldest daughter of such a house? Of course the fact of having had a great-grandfather who was hung would score immensely in your favour; but descent isn't everything. As a rule rich folk have a detestable way of ask ing the length of your purse. Ami wrong, Mr. Muir, in imagining yon were, in your first youth, not exactly a millioniare?" " l had not much money, bnt I had some thing else. You might not think it to look at me now, EnBign; but when I wanted a few years of being your age all the women were running after me; Now, that's a state ment that might astonish you." " Quite the contrary; it only proves whit I have always thought, that the dear crea tures posses an instinct as true as rapid." "lm well aware, proceeded Mr. Muir, " that no one could call me exactly handsome at this present time" "I don't want to make you blush; so I will only say you are greatly mistaken," said the Ensign, without a change of conutenance. " 1 know I am not," maintained the farmer, stoutly; " but that was all different once. I had a notion of setting myself off, too. I mostly carried a flower in my button-hole; and" "Excuse my interrupting you ; but did the proposal come from Mies Gorman ?" " No; that it didn't. I wouldn't say but she met me at half-way. \ She was a free, innocent sort of girl—had not a thought of harm. I could not just tell you now how it all began; but I know how it ended. We made a match of it; and you may be very sure that day 1 thought my fortune was made." " And had none of the lady's friends a sus picion of what was going on?" " Not a suspicion. She had not a friend near at band but an old aunt of her father's, half blind and whole doting. Her mother was dead; Mr. Gorman was married the second time to a daughter of Lord Dunfelde, and the pair lived m London, making the first wife s money spin. Ay, you might say there was not an egg laid on Clonmellin manor, or a pat of butter printed, but the price of it went across the Channel. Why, Mr. Gorman hadn't been in Ireland for years till he came back to turn my wife out of doors." , " I see; and so your fortune was not made, Mr. Muir?" i " Faith, no ! I got something in my hand, but not much; and my father lost hie situa tion, which was a crying shame, for the man knew no more of what had happened than his employer. And they behaved cruelly to my wife—cruelly; they broke her heart. She only lived three months after her child was born—that's Gorman, you know." " He was brought up by some relation, was he not ?" "Yes—by his mother's uncle, Mr. Tre vasson, of Michael's Mount, County .Kil kenny. The Trevassons were originally Cornish folk. I've never set eyes on the lad Bince he was two years of age, and now he must be getting on for eight- and-twenty." " What does he do ?" "He does not do anything but amuse himself. He wanted to be an officer, like yourself, but the old man wouldn't hear of it." " Oh 1" said Ensign Ludham ; " what a pleasure it will be to him to make acquaint ance with bis family." " I'm not so sure of that," answered the fanner; " you see our way of living is scarcely such as he has been used to; and I could have wished " li ne is 01 my mind yon need wis a no greater happiness for him than a month at Ardilaw," said the yonng man, politely. " I feel obliged to you. If yon think you are rested, perhaps we might move on." They "moved on" over the newly-mown field, the Ensign carrying his hat in his hand and still limping painfully, the former warn ing him not to step into any drain and to beware of worm-casts. What with the haymakers, the carts, the horses, the dogs, and the children, that hill field presented a most picturesque appear ance. " I'd like to sketch this," said the officer. "Well, what would hinder you? Lizzie '11 run in and bring anything you need." " Thank you, greatly. Here, Lizzie; I want the drawing-book you'll find on my table, and a couple of pencils, and—but who have we here, Mr. Muir? By Jove 1 what a horse 1!' Turning, Mr. Muir looked down the field, and saw, entering by the " gap" made for the carts .to pass through, a man and horse. The horse was jet black; except for a star on its forehead tne creature had not a white hair about it. The man dismounted, and passing his arm through the bridle came straight on towards the haymakers. "This is likely some friend of yours, Ensign," suggested the farmer. " He is no friend of mine, I think. He is a fine-looking fellow, thGugh, let him be who he may. Let us go to meet him." When the stranger got close to them he stopped and said, a little doubtfully, " Is Mr. Muir here ?" " My name is Muir," answered the farmer. There was the slightest perceptible pause then " You do not know me ?" " Well, I can't say that I do. Surely you're not " "I am Gorman Muir," was the answer, and father and son shook hands. 