Ballina, BAZAAR IN AID OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) A BAZAAR and Concert in aid of tbe build- ing fund of the Ballina Church of England, was held in the Masonic Hall on Easter Monday, and the Wednesday following, which proved a great success, as the proceeds amounted to the respectable sum of £75. The ladies of Ballina must feel gratified at the success of their undertaking ; and as many of them have been busily engaged for some time past on works of art, with which to adorn the various stalls, they indeed must feel doubly gratified at the success their labors have met with. The refreshment stall presided over by the Misses Crooke, did an immense business, and the ladies were indefatigable in their efforts to please. Mrs. Watson, and the Misses Smyth, Bass- man, Jarrett, Burless, and other ladies also presided over other stalls, and the lords of creation found it impossible to resist their pleadings of- oh do buy this, etc. ! A concert was also held in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday evening, in connection with the above, and was well patronized, as there were not less than 300 people present. The programme was a most attractive one, the rendering of which gave the audience undoubted satisfaction by the manner in which they applauded, and too much cannot be said in praise of those ladies and gentle- men who took part in it. After the concert was over, the spacious hall was cleared and dancing commenced to the strains of the Ballina Brass Band, which is making most rapid progress under the able tuition of their Bandmaster, Mr. Evans. The concert was commenced with the Grand Ethiopian Enter- tainment in which the Messrs. Holden, Eyles, Evans, Fowell, and other gentlemen, whose names we did not hear, took part in the rendering of the "Cows are in the Corn," by Mr. Holden, and the chorus by the dark gentlemen was very effective, as were also several other songs and choruses by this band of colored gents. Then followed a song and dance by the Wybrow Brothers, the song was entitled "Sweet Sixteen," we cannot say much for the singing, as the gentlemen were both suffering from a severe cold, but the dance was splendidly executed, and they were encored to the echo, and gratified the audience by their reappearance. Then followed a Pianoforte Solo, entitled the "Negro Dance"," by a lady amateur (Miss M. Crooke), which was rendered in a most masterly style, attesting a thorough know- ledge of music combined with a most refined and delicate touch, this lady received quite an ovation, and we are of opinion she deserved it. The next item was a song in part by Miss Bassman, Mrs. Burless, and the Misses Burless and Watson, this was a very pretty thing, but the ladies seemed a little nervous, and we think that if ladies would sing a little more from the chest than the throat, the effect would be much better. Then followed a song by Miss Jarrett en- titled "Going Home," this young lady gives much promise, and if her voice was properly cultivated would make a very sweet singer, *************** which she rendered her song showed. Miss S. Burless then sang "Come Birdie Come," in a most bewitching manner and was loudly applauded. A Quartette then followed, entitled "The Gipsey's Tent," sung by the Messrs. Crooke, Miss Crooke, and another lady, which was very nicely rendered, and one of the ladies had a very sweet voice, and appears to be thoroughly under the fair possessor's control ; and in fact, the quartette displayed a thorough knowledge of music, and was loudly encored. A Negro Song and Dance then followed by Mr. George, this gentleman pleased the audience so much by his stepdancing in boots of about 3 feet long, that he had to appear several times to their loud encores. "Come where my Love lies Dreaming," by the Messrs. Crooke and Miss Crooke was sweetly rendered on the lady's part, the gentlemen being rather out of voioe, " Wont you buy my Pretty Flowers," was then sung by Miss Watson, this young lady sings nicely, and would do much better, if she sang more from the chest. "Ehren on the Rhine " was then sang by Miss Crook in a very finished and accomplished manner. Miss Bassman gave a song entitled "To-morrow," this Iady sings nicely, but seems rather nervous. Mr. Crooke then sang the "Fog Bell," he is an amateur of no mean, merit, and was well applauded. A song entitled "For Ever," was sang by Miss Meurer, it was very nicely sung, but this lady should have given her voice more scope. Mrs. Watson then de- parted from the Iadies', usual custom of sing- ing or playing, and greatly delighted the audience by giving a Recitation entitled "The Seven Ages of Women," thereby showing that they play, a part in life's drama as well as men, and in the poet's idea alto- gether eclipsing Shakespeare's seven ages of man, this lady possesses undoubted histrionic powers, Miss R. Jarrett sang "Footsteps on the Stairs " very nicely. Then followed, Mr. Holden's' song entitled "Happy Boy- hood," this gentleman sang in his usually fine and finished style, he possesses a very fine voice, and was loudly, encored, and gratified the audience by his return, but gave them to understand he was not prepared for a second encore by singing "The Good-bye at the Door." An interval of 5 minutes then ensued, when the side-splitting farce of "My Giandmöther's Ghost " was given, and during its continuance the hall shook with laughter, and to an encore, the company sang "God Save the Queen." The Hall was then cleared, and dancing ensued, and was kept up till a very, early hour. 