A Flat Iron. Mrs. Grinham was in a dreadfulway about her boyJemmy. Jemmy had been dispatched upon a private and confidential errand an hour since, and he ought to have been back in ten minutes. Jemmy was such a good little boy, always doing, his errands so nicely and so quickly, that his mother began to fear something must have happened to him. Furthermore, there was this fact to heighten her anxiety-Jemmy would have in his possession a small sum of money-a little temporary accommodation on good security, which Mrs. Grinham had found it necessary to negotiate for. Mrs. Grinham this afternoon was the only figure in an English interior hardly pictur. esque enough to tempt the painter to repro duce it for Burlington House or Grosvenor Gallery connoisseurs. It was a dirty kitchen in a dirty house in a dirty street in Lisson-grove. Mrs. Grinham was dirty too, for she had been " tidying up"-that is, she had raised a cloud of dust with a bald-headed broom, and given the little table a dry rub with the skirt of her dress, and had put some odd pieces of crockery in the sink and turned the tap on them. The last operation had been rendered neces sary by the' flight of time. It was nearly half-past five, and shortly after that hour Mr. Grinham would, as was his wont, return to the domestic haven which he had quitted at the same hour in the morning, and Mr. Grinham would require his tea. Presently Mrs. Grinham produced two cups and a half a loaf and a small piece of butter from the cupboard, then she un screwed a small paper and looked anxiously at the contents. Yes; there were two teaspoonfuls left. Mrs. Grinham gave a sigh of relief. Her lord could have his tea, although J emmy had not returned with the anxiously-expected proceeds of the hypothecation of his mother's flat-iron. Thanks to those two teaspoonfuls, Mr. Grinham's tea was ready for him whenever he liked to come. He came presently, dusty and dirty and tired from his day's work, his hands in his pocket and his clay pipe in his mouth. Mrs. Grinham wiped her hands on her apron, and began cutting bread and butter directly he appeared at the door-way. Her husband flung his hat into a corner and himself into a chair. Then he held out his hand, and Mrs. Grinham put a slice of thick bread and butter into it. He gave a grunt of s etisfaction. "Where's Jem ?" he said presently, with his mouth full. "I don't know," answered Mrs. Grinham; "I'm getting nervous about him. I expect he's gone after Punch and Judy or some orgin-man." Mr. Grinham gave a grunt of dissatisfac tion this time. In ten minutes he would have put away all the available bread and butter, and then he would want a smoke, and he hadn't a bit of tobacco left. He wanted Jemmy to go and fetch him a screw. Life was all trouble to Mr. Grinham. Here he was tired with a day's work, and lie migh have to go and fetch his own tobacco or go without a smoke for a few minutes. Both alternatives were terrible to contemplate. He finished his bread and butter, drained his cup, licked the spoon, and then looked wofully at his empty pipe. "Dang that there Jem ! he's never here when he s wanted," he growled. Then he pointed to his hat in the corner, and re quested it might be given to him. hire. Grinham, like a dutiful wife, picked it up and put it on his head. He rose from the chair with a grunt, and slouched out of the house. Mr. Grinham was a blighted genius. He had a genius for doing nothing, and Fate had compelled him to work for his living. His principles were tinged with Communism, and he felt that he was oppressed and dowsn trodden by everybody who had twopence more than he had. He was fond of his wife and fond of his boy Jeme in his lazy way. He was fond of them when they waited on him, and understood what he wanted with the least possible explanation. He wasn't a clever workman, and he didn't get much wages; this, he felt, was another gross injustice. " Oh, if I was only rich," sighed Jem Grin ham, " wouldn't I take it easy ?" At present he was poor-so poor that he and his wife had hard work to keep their heads above water, and many were the shifts which the woman had to make to keep her lazy husband from sometimes going short of a meal. Jemmy, the boy, and she were contented enough. They did all they could to make "father" comfortable. They knew he had been well brought up and ought to have been a gentleman, and they felt how highly honored they were in having him for a bus band and father. . When Mr. Grinham had departed in search of his tobacco, Jemmy's mother gave vent to her motherly anxiety. In her husband's pre sence she had restrained it. It was bad enough to be so pushed that the flat-iron had to go for a few coppers to carry on with, and now here was this worry about the boy. She .had good cause to worry, for Jemmy had been gone over an hour and a half just two streets off. Mrs. Grinham went and stood at the door and looked up the street and down the street, and then she thought she would run across to the pawnbroker's and see if Jem had been there. He might have been run over, or lured away for the fourpence and his poor clothes. A hundred stories of the dangers of the London streets surged up into Mrs. Grinham's mind and increased her anxiety. She was still standing at the door when a gentleman stopped in front of her. He was looking for the number of the house, but as the door was open he couldn't see it. " I beg your pardon, ma'am, but can you tell.me if a Mrs. Grinham lives here'?" he said presently. The woman's blood left her checks, and her heart gave a violent jump. Jemmy had been killed, and this gentleman had come to tell her about it. "Is it about my Jemmy, sir ?" she gasped out. "I'm Mrs. Grinham." The gentleman raised his hat. "I beg your pardon, madam, but can I speak a few works with you indoors ?" Mrs. Grinham, still violently agitated, led the way to the kitchen, and dusted a chair for the gentleman. "You are, madam, I believe, Sarah Grin ham, wife of James Grinham, daughter of the late John Shuster, chimney-sweep, and sister of Charles Shuster?" "That's me," said Mrs. Grinham ; " but 'I ain't heard anything o' my relations for years." " Madam, you are doubtless aware that your brother Charles had a considerable fortune." "I knew as he made a lot o' money buying up dead horses in the Crimean war; but'he never troubled us much." "' Madam, he is, I am sorry to inform you, dead. He has died worth a large sum of money, and left it all to you to atone for his neglect of you while hewas alive." " What !" .Irs. Grinhlam shlrieked.the word out.. She fancied she was dreaming. A large sum.of .money! Why, she'd almost forgotten she had , brother, it was so long since she ead heard .nything about him. The gentleman, who was a solicitor, and bed been som time finding her out, gave her lengthy particunars of leer fortune and of her brother's affairs, bt she hardly caught a word he said, she was so bkewildered. Presently MIr. Grinham came ag.uching in with his screw of tobacco, "Oh, Jam," shrieked ohis wife, "my brother Charles is dead, and he's left us a fortune!" "Mr. Grinham's clay pipe slipped out his mouth and smashed itself on the floor. He sat down and took his hat off. "A fortune I" He repeated it three times slowly. Then he looked round the dirty back kitchen with a look of unutterable loathing. " When can we have some of it to go on with ?" he asked presently. " My dear sir, if you will come to my office to-morrow-here is my card-I will arrange everything to your satisfaction and imme. diate advantage." The gentleman gave his card to Mr. Grinham, bowed, and went out. For two minutes neither husband nor wife spoke, then the man gathered himself to gether and said, "Sarah have you got four pence? I must go and have a drink on the strength of this." And then his wife told him that she hadn't a penny in the place, and that reminded her that her son and heir, her boy Jemmy, heir to this big fortune, had gone out to pawn the flat-iron and hadn't come back again. " I'm so uneasy about Jemmy," she said. "Where can he be." "A fortune I" answered her husband, thinking aloud. But the mother's heart,' in spite of the sudden windfall, was heavy. She had won a fortune and lost her child on the selfsame night. I The good ship Mayflower sailed from the East India Docks for Australia with a crew of fortymen and eighty passengers. That was according to the owner's books. But there was a passenger of whom the owners knew nothing. He hadn't booked his berth or engaged with the firm as a sea-. man, and the ship was out at sea before he was discovered. Then a little white-faced London boy suddenly appeared on deck, to the amaze ment of everybody. " Curse you, you young rascal I what the devil are you doing here " said the captain. "Please, sir," whimpered the boy, who had visions of being thrown overboard, "I wanted to go to sea and make my fortune, and I hid myself." " Where the deuce are you going to make your fortune ?" "Out in them furrin' countries, sir, as we read about. Jack Smith made his that way, and I thought I might get a lot of gold in Californy and take back and make my father a gentleman, like he did his'n." The passengers had gathered round to listen to the little stowaway's story, and, encouraged by the attention he had excited, he told them all. He had read in "The Boy Sailor" of a golden land to which the great ships sailed, and in the last week's number Jack Smith, the hero, had gone out there and picked up enough gold to live happy ever after on, and he had thought if he could get there he would do the same. So he had hidden him self in the ship. The boy was Master Jemmy Grinham, and he had fourpence and a pawn-ticket in his pocket with which to start in the new world. No wonder Mrs. Grinham waited in vain for the return of the missing heir. Five years have passed away since the good ship Mayflower sailed for Australia. Mr. and Mrs. Grinham were quite gentle people now, and in their beautiful house in the suburbs received their neighbours hospit ably, and were reckoned people worth culti vating. They gave good dinners and dances, and kept open house, and were always safe when subscriptions were wanted for local or general purposes. They had grieved long and earnestly for their lost son. The mystery surrounding his fate had never been pierced, and at last they had made up their minds that an acci dent had happened to him, and that he would never be heard of again. The mother felt her loss because she loved him dearly, and there was a void in her heart. The father grieved because now that he was wealthy he could afford the luxury of a son. and a son was something that a rich man ought to have if only to leave his money to when he died. Jemmy was not mentioned in their new circle of acquaintances. The past life of the Grinhams was a profound secret. They came away from their old home without leaving anyone the means of tracing them, and gave it out to the Lisson- grovers that they were going to Australia. If it had been known they had only been poor working people, suburban society might have with stood even thetemptation of the dinners and the parties. One day a tall lad, bronzed with sun and sea, knocked at the door of the old house in Lisson-grove. Be was a fine, strappinglad, well dressed and hearty, and no one would have recognised in him the white-faced, ragged little boy who sailed from the East India Docks five years ago. But Jemmy Grinham it was, and now he was back to give his father and mother a glad surprise. He had been lucky. The captain had been very kind to him, and given him a help with a friend in Australia, and the friend had taken a fancy to him and found the lad'useful. Jemmy had been grateful, and when the opportunity came had repaid his benefactor. A robbery was attempted at his employer's place, and the boy's courage and intrepidity had saved thousands of pounds' worth of property. Ind now he was back again home with the little fortune for his father and mother. that he had dreamed about. He had £300 which his master had given him for catching the thieves and saving the property. He was to go to England, find his poor parents, bring them out, and their fortune should be made too. He had not written home while he had been away. It had always been his scheme to surprise his parents when the good luck came. It was with a beatingheart that he rapped at the door. Would his mother come her self? His eyes filled with tears as he thought of the little cry of joy she would give. A strange woman answered him, and his voice trembled as he said "Is Mrs. Grinham in ?" " Nobody o' that name." "I beg your pardon," stammered the lad, "I've been away five years. Can you tell me where she's gone to ?" "Bill !' shouted the woman. Bill was upstairs evidently, for the voice came down in reply " Hullo !--what is it?" "D'ye know where the Grinhams be gone to as lived here five year ago ?" "Yes," answered Bill; " they went to Australy." Poor Jem turned quite white under his tan, and he staggered back from the step. He had come so many weary leagues to find them, and they were in Australia all the time. He turned away to hide his tears, and, thanking the woman in a husky voice, walked down thie old familiar street. It was hard, after being buoyed with hope so long, to have success dashed from him just as he thought he held it in his grasp. He walked away thinking of all that had happened since the afternoon he went to pawn his mother's flat-iron, and ran away with the money. He carried his ticket w3vith him still. Hepulled out his purse and looked at the worn duplicate. It was the only memento he had of that eventful step in his career. He had intended to fling his notes down in his mother's lap with the ticket and say, "Mother - that's what your flat-iro? fetched." And now He put the ticket back sorrowfully; and went aimlessly on his way through the London streets. There was a grand evening party as Mr. Jones's, the stockbroker's, in Melina- terrace, Haverstock Hill. Mr. Jodes lived at one end of Melina terrace, and the Grinhams at the other, and as the families were friendly the Grinhams were invited. Mr. Jones was doing the thing in style, and an awning from the hall door to the front garden gate having well advertised the fact that a party was to be given, the usual crowd had assembled outside to witness the arrivals. A young man with a sunburnt face, strol ling along, came up to the crowd, and, having nothing better to do, joined it and watched the fast-arriving guests. Presently he saw a lady and gentleman come along the terrace on foot, and pass in to the house. He gave such a sharp, sudden cry that the crowd turned round to look at him. Before he could recover his composure the gentleman and lady had passed into the house, and the door was shut. He had recognised the lady's face, and in that sudden revelation, every other incident of the scene was blotted out. He saw no jewels, no grand house, no well-dressed lady \--only a wellknown face. Five years were rolled back suddenly, and all he thought of was a poor hard-working woman, who had sent her son to pawn a flat iron. He dashed through the crowd, ran up the staps, and banged at the door. As it opened he flew past the astonished servant, and rushed into the brilliantly lighted room. He looked for one face only, and saw it. His mother sitting by the hostess, talking to her. Jemmy Grinham ran across the room, and in a moment had flung a packet in her lap. "Mother," he shouted, beside himself with excitement, " this is what they lent on your flat-iron I" Then he held up the pawn ticket, and, almost hysterical with joy, smothered her face with kisses. At the first sound of his voice Mrs. Grin ham had almost swooned, but his hot kisses convinced her it was no ghost from the dead, but her dear boy, safe and sound, returned at last. The guests gazed in astonishment at the scene. The mother had risen and clasped her son in a passionate embrace, and the notes and the pawn-ticket fell on the floor. M r. Jones picked the latter up and read it. It was a ticket for a flat-iron dated five years back, and made out in the name of Sarah Grinham. The story of the rich Mrs. Grinham, her long-lost son, .and her flat-iron, went the round of Haverstock Hill society, and was the staple subject of conversation for a month. But neither of the parties most interested cared much about that. Mr. and Mrs. Grinham were too rich to be cut and their partiestoo good tobe refused, and the story was "really so very romantic, you know." When the excitement of the first meeting was over, and Mr. and Mrs. Grinham and Jemmy were beneath their own roof, there was a long tale to tell on both sides. If his parents were astonished to see him, Jemmy was no less amazed at the change of fortune which had overtaken them. "And to think," he said, "that all the time I was sailing across the sea to look for a fortune one had come to you ready made, at the very time Ilay a ragged little stowaway in the Mayflower." Jemmy was not going hack to Australia There is no necessity now. In spite of that awkward revelation of his, he is a great favorite in the suburb, for he is handsome, and he will, of course, be rich. Mr. Jones still invites the Grinhams to visit him, for there is agrown-up Miss Jones, and Jemmy and she seem to suit each other very well. Sarah Grinham has a little box of treasures which she keeps in her own little boudoir. There is a curl cut from Jemmy's hair when he was a baby, her marriage certificate, one or two little remnants of the old life of poverty, and a photograph of herself and Mr. Grinham, taken for sixpence on Hamp stead Heath, when the were not dresseU not quite so fashionable as they are now. She has lately added to that little store anothermemento of the old life. It is some thing linked with a;story of a lost son and the strange .journey he made in search of fortune. It is something which will always remind her of the sad day he was lost and the happy night she saw him again after five long years. It is the pawnbroker's ticket for-a flat-iron. 