THE EVENING SERVICE. The Cathedral was again crowded in the even ing, the large attendance being due to the fact that it was generally understood his Grace would give Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney occupied the throne, and their Lordships of Maitland, Adelaide, and Ballarat were present. After evening prayers, his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, ascended the pulpit, and delivered a telling address of special interest to the Catholics of the whole colony. We give a full report of his Lordship's dis course : — BISHOE MFEEAX'S BISOOTTESB, ' My soul doth magnify the Lord.' My Lord Archbishop, my Lords, and reverend brethren, — We are assembled this evening, my dear brethren, to celebrate in accordance with the command of our Holy Fathorj Pope Leo XIII, the Triduum in honour of the nativity of our Blessed Lady. You have for the last three days come here to this holy place in great numbers to join in those de votions ordered by his Holiness the Pope. In a spirit of faith and in obedience to his requests i you have come here each evening, and most pro bably many of you each morning, to testify your devotion, to give an evidence of your piety towards the blessed Mother of God. In this ago of indifforentiBm and infidelity the Pope has thought well to order certain special devotions in honour of the Mother of God so that Oatholio people in evory clime and in every land throughout the world entrusted to his oare may, by surrounding themselves with holy safeguards, be protected from the dangers and perils that sur round them. The Holy Father on various occasions during his pontificate, during the paBt few years, has addressed letters of admonition and instruction to the whole Catholic world, and among one of tho addresses lately published he called upon the flock over which ho has charge, tho two hundred and fifty millions of Catholics scattered through out the whole world, to celebrate a Triduum of three days' special devotion in honour of the nativity of Our Blessed Lady. There is no need for me to say to you, an assembly of Catholic people, that when the Holy Father, who is tho Vicar of Jesus Christ, who is the repre sentative of God on earth, writoB a letter addressed to tho universal Oatholio world, he must deem tho subject ho writes upon one of the greatest and. gravest impotance. Hence when the Pope thought it necessary to ad dress a letter to the Bishops directing them to show all this honour and devotion in their dioceses, in every part of Christendom, wo may be certain his Holiness had in so directing this solemn observance an important object and a spooial end in view. In the same spirit, some twelve months ago a letter was sent out to tho Catholic world from the Holy See oalling upon all the faithful to manifest their affection in special devotion to the Bloasod Virgin, by tho daily re cital of the Rosary. You all, [I am sure, dear brethren, heard that letter read within tho last twelve months, and as you are aware great solemnities were celebrated in consequence of that letter of Pope Loo XIII. At that time you all assembled in great numbors in your churches, in dutiful obedience to the call of the Vicar of Christ, and by tho reoital of the Rosary carried out the wishes of the Holy Father, and I am sure that innumerable Oatholio f amilioB in this city, faithfully observing the instructions of the Holy Father, made that devotion part of their daily lives in their homes, and never rethred to rest without assembling to recite the Rosary. As within the past few months all good Oatholio families made it their loving and solemn duty to observe these deyotionB of the Rosary of Our Lady, so it is in the same spirit you have come hero to celebrate this Triduum. The Rosary is a special safeguard for the faith, and the Holy Father in these stormy dayo dosireB that tho 'faithful thorughout the world Bhould prac tise tho devotion constantly, and by its means plaoe thomoolvos under the protection of tho Queon of Hoavon. Now, I take it for granted, dear brethren, that while yon oame here to-night to honour Our Blessed Lady, whose nativity we celebrating in this Cathedral dedioatod to her holy name, you have some Bpooial reasons for as sembling in suoh largo numbers. To-day you have hailed the arrival of your now Arohbishop with great joy and onthueiasm, and it is natural that you have come here this evening in tho hope of hearing something in connection with tho great event. It is an event, -my brethren, which has given groat and universal joy— joy to all Catho lics, to prelates, priests, and people, throughout thia whole continent of Australia. Already, many of the prtlateu hiivo shown their intense joy at hia .Grace's, arrival, and the feeling 6£ gratification hue nxteaded throughout all the coloniey. In Mio wajjj »f Proviil? f;cs ha Br? rived here tho mqvniog of t.hs . F..m . ii- of tins Ks4,ivit.y, and {.his .jeiebuiUon muib ';\:-,';,.;':!';o your minds a magnificent and historical ceremony which took place this very day exactly two 'years ago. On that memorable occasion there, were assembled in your noble Cathedral a large number of prelates, a great number of priests from all parts, and thoueanda of faithful people who'camo here to assist at tho solemn opening' and dedication of tho Cathedral. On ' that day you saw a noblo prolate, distinguished for his learning, and for his zeal, presiding in this great Cathedral, and you oav/ a number of prelates joining him in tho gloriouB oeremony, all coming to testify their intonse devotion to Mary, the Mother of God, in whooo honour tho Cathedral was erected. A few montho after the groat ceremonial, that oamc noblo prolate in the , disoharge of one of his episcopal duties loft these shores to presont himsolf to tho Holy Father, and you cheered him on his way to the ycgdoI thafc was to bear him across the coco, cad, whilo bid ding him a hearty Gi-od opood you all hoped fco ceo him return. Bub in tho v.'ayu oic Providence it was ordained that you ~oro not to see hia faco again, never more fco hear his voioe. To-day, however, on the aeoond anniversary of tho dedication o2 thio grand Cathedral, with tho time of mourning past, and your heartB all full of joy and gladness, you have welcomed to those chorea his venerable successor. You are all to-night, go you hava been for the last few months since hearing of the Archbishop's appointment, of ono heart and one mind ; you have, offered fervent prayers that God might bring him safe through the peril3 of along and tedious voyage, and land him safe among you in Sydney, and your prayer has boon granted. I have said his arrival amongst us has given all great; joy, shared by bishops, priests, and people* Now, in tho first place, I may tell you, as in duty bound, the prelates of thio ecclesiastical province of Sydney met on tho 21st of September last, and that all with one accord, and all fully of ono mind, begged of the Holy Father to appoint to the Metropolitan See of Sydney the venerable man whom you see in that chair this evening. He comeB to us with the best wishes and with the prayers and blossings o£ his late Hook, which, he governed bo wisely for twelve years. You to-day have given him a cordial and a gonoroua welcome. You manifested your joy at his arrival. You have, I am sure, offered fervent prayers for his oafe arrival, bub I can assure you far more fervent prayera have been of fered up by his own late dear flock at Kilkenny, in the diocese of OGsory, prayers that God might carry their belovod Bishop safe over the waters to you. He comes to uo with claims on our love and veneration on account of his great personal character, his great learning1, as well as onacoounfc of his groat piety, and ho comos to us endowed with special powers and privileges granted by fche Holy See. In loss than two years, by command of the Pope, a Plenary Council is to bo held in Australia, moat probably here in Sydney, amongbtr yourEolvoD, at which all the biohopo of Australasia, nob only of the ecclesiastical province of Syduey, bub of tho ecclesiastical province of Mel bourne, and all tho prolateo feora Now Zealand and Taomania, are to assist. And in oonGcquonce of thio direotion of the Holy See, tho Archbishop has boon appointed Delegate Apostolic, do that ho not only comoo amongst; us as Archbishop of Sydney, bufc ao the spooial Delegate of our Holy Father the Pope. Thus you see, my brethren, it was right and fitting for you and for ug all, prelates, prieoto, and people, to give him tho magnifioonfc reooption which wo all united in giving him to-day. And not only tho prolatao rejoice at tho arrival of your new Aroh« bishop, bub you saw fco day tho immense number of priests, tho groat array of clergy all assembled — many having como long distances, not only from tho various parts of tho Arohdiocooo, hut f ro;n the Dioceaea of Bathursb, Goulburn, Armidalo, and Maitland, and from the othor colonies, aye, evon from a remote part of Queensland. They too came to testify their roopecfc, to tostify fchoir affection towards the great Archbishop, who has como amongst us ; for they too, in union v/ith tho Bishops of tho Province, and fcho Bishopo o£ Australia and ITow Zealand, to expect that through his ministry and through the groat power he has received from tho Holy Beo great bless ings will come upon ug in thooe parta, and that great graces and blessings will flov; upon -;ha Church in Australia and tho adjacent ialando. I would like fco delay a few moments in order fco point out tho great blessings that are sure to flow from his labours, from tho groat mission with which he has boon entrusted by tho Holy See. For many years, ao you are aware, dear brethren, no national, no provincial 01? plonary Council has beon hold in this country, and ono of tho special objects his Graco has in view, by command of the Holy Father, is the holding of v, Plonary Council, for which tho Bishops will bo summoned as soon as possible. I need not toll you hov? groat are fche difficulties with which Bishops and clergy have fco contend in regard to many important questions that are occupying public attention. Tho question of education is tho question of tho ago and tho hour in every country, and Australia io nob au oxooption. You all know how for tho last few yoaro v/e, bishops., priests, and people o£ this colony have been agitating for our righto, and hor/ wo havo beon on* deavouriDg to assert freedom of oducatiou, so that ail donominationo without regard to race or creed, may onjoy tho benefits oi! a fair syotom of education, which will nob interfere with the religious convictions of any section of tho com munity. You know of oourso that a syBfcom of pub lic instruction has boon established in thio colony, of whioh 'we, Catholics, cannot with aafoty avail ourselves, and therefore we havo at timos to as semble to deliberate on what is to bo done to secure our rights in this vory important matter of education. It is to bo regretted thut tho existing ajBtom banishes religion completely from the schools. We Catholics, obedient children as we are of the Church, procUim our conviction that no edu oiuioa which is not founded on religion, ;no sya- .. iera which has yofc religion for its bash, (pan bo acoeplod by us. Education without religion ia '????:.:)!i'i' . oondemnod by tho authority of the Church ; there fore, you see in Sydney, and in all important cities and towns throughout the colony, in all thy dioceses, Catholic schools have been established, and established exclusively at, tho cost of tho On tholio people who aro compelled U- lmild aud maintain them. As you all know, Cutholics aro called upon by the law of tho land to contribute ac cording to their numbers and their proportion in the population to tho erection and support; of theao public schools, which thoy cannot use, and after doing this they give gonefoualy, and display great zeal in tho erection and main tenance of their 017a schools, so as to save their children from the evita and dangers o£ irreligious Bohools. The Catholio Ohuroh holds that religion must control and animate all education, :and while protecting againot the?secular oyetem, which ehuts out roligion, ib calls upon the Catholio people to use their utmost exertions to provide Bohools themselves, no aa to secure religious as tarell as secular education for their children. At the present moment two difficulties have to be faced t ,one is the absolute secularism . which banishes all religion from the schools, and tho other tho so-called teaching of religious lessons. Both systems eve to Catholics alike and equally objectionable. Throughout the world the Catholio Church hao raised her voice against the eecular system, and she cannot recognize any re-, ligious torching other than her 07/n in the 8choolsj You have heard the objectionable secular system described and its dangers explained over and over again, but a new feature has presented itself not lees alarming. Within tho past few weeks a programme haa been submitted to the Oatholios of the colony -which professes with, a show of fair ness to teach religion to tho children in the Public schoolo, and this has been done with the object of defending the system from the charge of being purely secular and irreligious. Now, can -we Oatholios agree to receive and accopt this system of religious educa tion ? It seems to be proposed in a moat liberal spirit, and 1 am satisfied aa far as my own viewo are concerned, it is offered to us in a gonoroua spirit, and that it is not meant in a spirit hostile to tho Ohuroh. Those who pro pose it doubtless think that, as we are receiving no Government aid, the teaching of religion to children of ell denominations in the; Public Bohools will bo an advantage to us, and that: our children will benefit by it. Now, it is on this very point 1 dosiro to inaka a few remarks before closing. In tho first place, I must observe that1 the religious instruction which would be imparted to Catholic childron according to this pro gramme would not be religious instruction in a Catholic sense : not; religious instruc tion at all. In a Public school it would not be conTeyed under the authority: of the Church, but apart from and really in defiance of the Church. Lefe me explain by an example. Wo Catholics, as you all know, hold that in the one ©od there are three Divine per sons— that God tho Son, tho second porson of the Holy Trinity, became man, that Ho ' lived; on earth for thirty-three years, and that \ Ho died for us, and that ; before ; offering Him self as a sacrifice, Ho instituted the Most Blessed Sacraiaent of the Buchariat. Now let your child go to a Public school in the colony. Tho teacher may be an Atheist— and thoraj are many sucli who do not bolieve in the existence of God at all. But loft me suppose, without going to extremes, that ho is a man who believes and can teach something about God. How can he if he does not believe in tho Triaity or in the divinity of' Christ, explain the dootrine of the one God and the three peraonp to a class of children. There are many mon who know nothing and believe nothing at all about the Trinity, and who conse quently do not boliovo in God the Holy Ghost. If Buohmcn in their position aa teachers attempt to expound the doctrine thoy cannot say one word of our Lord JesuoOJmstor th« Holy Ghost. Again, wo Catholics regard with deepast veneration the great znystory of tho Esal Preaenoe, and we bow down in great rcverenco when we behold Our Lord really present in tho tabornaole on tho altar. Now in that Public Bchool where your childron aro supposed to bo taught religion, can a word bo eaid with regard to the Real Presence of Our Jjord in tho tabornaclo ? No, not a word. These ore subjects upon which there are differences of opinion among thoso outsido tho Catholic Ohuroh. If Catholio parents placed thomaolvoa in the pro 'sence of Our Lord in tho tabernacle, and wore DBked would is be safo to entrust their children to a teacher who might deny tho divinity of Jesus Christ, and who would not acknowledge tho Eeal 3?reBanoe on tho nltar, what would be the answer ? Or, if Our Lord Himself wore to speak to fehem from tho tsbornaclo, would Ho not say : *' By doing thia, inctoad of paying Me honour and glory you insult; Mo, for of all the works I have accomplished i'or mankind, tho greatest wag the uaored mystery I wrought before I died for you, when I instituted tho fjroat sacrament of tho Buchariul;, r.~d whsroin I ft'svo my body and blood, bouI and divinity, for all timo to all the faith ful of oy Holy Spoaso tho Church.'. In ono word tho muroy and goodness of God in the Christian dicpenaation cannot bo properly: understood according to tho Oatholio views without explaining tho excessive lovo of His Divine Son In innlituting the Sacrament of tho Bloascd Sucharist. That ? Chris tianity which io undefined, und that 'Chris tianity Tvhich in a goneral way is proposed to bo taught in tho schools, is one wo cannot om braoe, and ono wo cannot acoopt, for Holy Church, which ikiouv (jnido in allrali-jioua matters, haB never and can nevor sanction it. We must hold aloof from it, not! in any faotious spirit but in tho firmner.a air] (strength of our olearly definod faith. You know hots- for o«iturios our raligion was proscribed in Ireland, tho native place of most of you, and how a system of education wai intro duced for tho purpaso of inducing poople to renounce the ancient faith, and how worldly gains and briboo were offered aa temptations. But the Iriah were proof against persecution and corruption, and thoy - reniainod true to the faith oil their tmoootors, Tho Ohiwoh teachcg hoi* child ron to accopt not an undefined or mutilated Christianity but the true and perfect Christianity taught by Our Lord JSimu'eli: in His own dav, and handed down to His Church for all time. Thia, my beloved bre thren, ia the great question engaging our atten tion, and it is tho question which tho Arohbishop, aided by tho prelates of Auntralia, New Zealand, and Tasmania, will have to take up at onco. Need I say that in a spirit of faith you should unite with your prelates and prieots in perform ing your duty in this most important question ? We all rejoice that in the Archbishop we have a great leader, qualified by his learning and his ex perience for thiB work, and in thia noble Cathedral we should all pray that the Blessed Virgin may obtain for him not only wisdom and grace,) but health and strength, so that ho may direct! and carry out the work of the Council which is- to- confer so many blessings on the Church. -We should pray that, after fighting the good fight: and . preserving the faith, he may receive bia crown, and that vro, having faithfully co-operated with him in guarding the interests of religion, may, when our time comes, be wafted to the realms of bliss, to Bing the praises of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph for evermoro. His Grace the Archbishop then, assisted by Fathers Moynagh and Hayes, gave Benediction. During the devotions the choir sang an appro priate hymn in honour of our Blessed Lady. The Triduum devotions which, were closed by Benediction by his Grace, were commenced laat Friday in the Cathedral. The Rev. D. P. Quirk was the celebrant, Father Moynagh the doacon, and Father Hayes the aubdeacon. The Eev. P. Le Eonnetel, S.M., preached. In the eveniag Father O'Malloy, S.J., of Eiverviow College, occupied the pulpit, and the same learned father preached on the following evening, both sermons dealing with devotion to Our Lady. On Sunday Father Moynagh was the celobrant of the High Mass, and the music wtia specially good, Mrs. Eiley, Madame Marz, Mrs. P. C. Ourti3, and Mra. Colley, of Patramatta, assisting. On tho day of the Archbishop's arrival thore' was a grand banquet at the Presbytery, at which Dr. Sheridan presided. His Grace occupied tho post of honour, arid all tho Bishops and nearly all the clergy and dignitaries who had assisted at tho ceremonies in the Cathedral were present. The Dean of the Oathodral, and the Venerable Archpriest' Sheehy, occupied the vice-chairs. In responding to the toast of his health, the Arch bishop made a singularly beautiful and touching speech, and the speeohea of tho Bishop' of Maitland, and tho other prelates were remarkably eloquent and felicitous. Arch prieat Sheohy spoke on behalf of ; the clergy of the archdiooese, and delivered him self in hiB cuntomary able and effective, manner. Tho whole proceedings were most interesting and pleasant in the extromo. Dr. Moran ia proving himaolf to bo what ! we wore told ho was before ho camo amongst ua, viz : — ' a wovking biohop.' After all his travelling'by land and sea it would naturally be supposed that his GracJ would, on reaching Sydney, have rested -hiraself .and put off the commencement' of active duty till he had rocoverol from' the worries and fatigues of the past few months, but he did not suffer 6'von the day of hia landing to pass before performing some official acts. In the afternoon ho visited Government House, and this visit hia Excellency returned on Wednosday at St. Mary's. His first visits to the ; re ligious establiohments were made at i St. St. Vincont's Hospital and St. Vincanfa Con vent, conducted by the Sisters of Charity. His Grace drove to the Hospital about a quarter to four on Monday afternoon, and. went through the wards, seeing as much of the institution aa v/aa possible in the ehort time he had to spare. His Grace expressed hia great pleasure at which ho had soon, and promised the Siators to make another and raoro lengthened visit at an early date. On Tuesday the Archbishop, in com- pany with Dr. Sheridan, made quite a long list of visits, first going to St. John's College, where he was cordially received by the Rctor, the Very Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B. His Grace was shown over the rooms occupied by the late Archbishop, and passing through the college library and museum he expressed his pleasant surprise at their size and excellence. The following visits were then mado : — Tho church at Cuinp'ordowri, and tho adjoining school conducted by the Sisters of Ht. Jofleph; St. Joseph's Church, parochial and .High schools, Nowtown ; Con vent, of the Good Samaritan, Pitt-street, and tho High School conducted by the Sisters j the churches, presbyteries, and echoolg in St. Francis', St. Benedict's, and St. Patrick's parishes, and tho Marist Brothers' schools. While at; Newtown Dr. Moran called on Father 'Fitz- patridk, who has. been Bufforing these months past from illness, and the kind and sympathetic words 0? his Grace must have gladdened the heart of the good and long-suffering prieBt. At tho Good Samaritan Convont, his Grace in* epeoted the asylum fov penitents,; and spoke very encouragingly of the efforts of tho good Sisters. On Wednesday afternoon, his Graoo entertained the Bishop's at St. Mary's, and aa important con fer anco was held. Tho Archbishop, as we stated/ liiBt week, has decided to1 roaido at ? StnETory's.-' On Wednesday, ;Ir. Wai-doll, the Cathedral architect, was in attendance on the Archbishop, and laid beforo him the piano of the proposed palace. This was designed many years ago to bo carried on simultaneously ' with- the erection of the Cathedral. The, structure was actually oom mencod, but; was discontinued, and the work ? of building tho Cathodral vraa procoaded with alone. Th« pr«sont presbytery was run up as a temporary building, its e-eotion being hurriedly - procooded with for a reaiderico for the priests, who were then living in a rented house in Ooilogo Btroot. The paluco is to bo of a magnifi cent design and will faco to St. Mary'e-road. On Thursday the Archbiahop and a largo party, including all tho viaitiug Bishops, Dr. Sheridan, Doau Muhouy, Fathor Barry, Eeofcor of St. John's, Arohdeaoou ltiguoy, oiud Di\ O'Havuu,' * had a ' delightful excursion to Middle Hatbour and Munly. Tho outing was hastily arranged, but ib vfbs in ovory ecnae ploasont and interesting, and Captain Bj rues/who had the party under his care, wne courteous and genial as over. The cruioe n'-'ouncl all' tho bays and nooks of Middle Harbour was greatly enjoyed, especially by the Archbishop and the bishops from the other colonies. Aftor landing near tho Quarantine grounds the whole party walked to Cabbage Tree Bay, Manly, whore tho magnificent Church es tftto of sixty acres, embracing the whole of tho frontage of the charming bay, was inspected. After lunch a visit, was paid to Manly, and the Arch bishop and the other prelates were driven to the Good Samaritan Convent. The Archbishop was greatly pleased to seo the Ebformatory and. In dustrial School founded, by the SiBters in such good condition, and assured the good nuns he would do all in his powor to assist them in thoir noble work of religion and 'philanthropy. On Sunday next, the. Feast of the Exaltation of the Cross, as was announced in bur telegraphic report last week, will' be solomly celebrated in tho Cathedral. It -'is expected that all the Bishops will aBaiat in the- solemnities. His Lordship : tho Eight Eev. Dr. Beynolds, of Adelaide, will sing grand High Mass , and the senior Bishop present. williimpose tho Pallium on tho Arohbishop. Hia Grace will deliver a ser mon appropriate to tho occasion, and there is sure to be a great assamblag) to hear the Arch biihop's firat.diacourse. ; : To-day- (Friday) his Grace will pay a Bpecial visit to St. Vinoent's Ladies' College, Victoria street,- and we understand the' young ladioa have prepared an entertainment in.bJU honour. Wo' learn -tHatf on'' Wednesday, Dr; Barry, the Anglican Primate, paid a, visit to his Grace. 