ABOUT THE ZOO.—No. V. [By our Special Reporter.] And let the ape and tiger die. —TENNYSON. More upward working oat the beast, Having so far disposed of the animals in the Zoo whose mission seems to be to go about seeking whom they might devour, I find myself now on the track of those whose line is to seek what they might devour—that is to say, I leave the carnivora for a glance at the omnivorous and herbivorous creatures. Of these, I suppose I must first pay my attentions to the elephant, Miss Siam, out of courtesy to her gentle sex—and she is gentle —and by reason of her superior claims in matter of size. Though one of the latest to come, this lady pachyderm doe3 not rank the last in public esteem. Miss Siam has won her ponderous way into the affections of the South Australian juveniles whose wont it is to frequent .the Zoo, and the young people would probably raise almost as great an outsry at the suggestion of her departure as the boys and girls of Great Britain did when Barnum bore off Jumbo. At first when she entered upon her duties as nursemaid to Young Australia she was a trifle timid, and on one occasion bolted outright, frightened by the sudden un«nelodious cry of a peacock—and no wonder, for the peacock has about as much ear for music as a graven image, and his discordant yell is worse than a discontented dingo's. However, she is thoroughly docile now, and any afternoon may be met shambling amiably about the broad paths irith her howdah loaded with youngsters cheering and laughing lightheartedly; and, shall I whisper it, not a few big elderly people get into that howdah, ostensibly to see the youngsters all safe, but I have a shrewd suspicion that it is one for sonny and two for father" in this case, and that the oldsters make a very transparent show of solicitude where in fact they are revelling in the recollections of youth when they used to worry their parent3 some fifty years ago for a ride on the elephant in a bigger Zoo than ours; and why not, an elephant ride at sixty is as legitimate as at six, especially when it rejuvenates one for the time being. Anent |Miss Siam, she is, I understand, an Indian elephant, and we are indebted to our liberal colonist, Sir T. Elder, for 'this valuable and interesting addition to the Zoo. By the way, the llamas I mentioned f in*my last article were given by Mr. Philip Levi, sen. Miss Siam is young, always arecommendation with thesofter sex. Whether she is beautiful I will not say, but if " handsome is as handtome dots" she is certainly charming. In my opinion she is a beauty, because I hold that every animal as 'adapted to its peculiar mode of life is beautiful, whether it be the grinning ape or the spotted jaguar, the lordly lion or the slender ichneumon. In point of intelligence our elephant ranks high, and she knows particularly well on which side her bread is buttered. It is amusing to see her shuffling up to some tiny mite of a child and [begging eloquently with graceful movements of that ever-restless proboscis of hers for a bun, apple, or anything else that is toothsome, while her singularly small eyes twinkle in so funny a fashion that one cannot help laughing. The contrast between the big, bulky beast and the little timid child, half delighted and half afraid, is too utterly too much sometimes. It reminds one of the lion and the mouse, for here the insignificant atom of humanity has the best of it over the brute. Our female Jumbo can pick up a pin or a nut with her trunk, and she is very polite in handing up things to her driver, with whom she seems to be on the best of terms. In a quaint, old-fashioned work I find mention made of an elephant, which, in 1681, was accidentally burnt in a booth in the City of Dublin, and the account states that " when the fire was extinguished every one endeavoured to procure some part,'of the elephant, few of them having seen him living, by reason of the great rate3 put upon] him." In those days he was not so well-known as now, but the many absurd notions regarding this mighty beast have not yet been^.all disposed of. Mention is made in a book called "The Dialogues of Creatures Moralyzed," that " the olefawnte," as he is called, "beweth not the knees" and some ungallant writer in an 1 old play dated 1633 refers to a woman as " stubborn as an elephant's leg—no bending^in hei." Even Shakspeare has the following':—" The elephant hath joints, but none for courtesy; his legs are legs for necessity, not for flexure." So much for Shakspeare,'who might be excused; but what shall we say of people nowadays who still believe that ;the elephant never lies down, but sleeps standing against a tree, and that if the^ tree J is cut down he will fall with it and so^be {captured ? The elephant at our Zoo quite upsets all those popular errors by her activity, and those at the circus must have^ completely crushed them by their acrobatic" performances. As a matter of fact the elephant is a singularly surefooted animal, supple for his size, and capable of climbing up or descending from rocky places which a horse would not face. I find in an old work a reference to the elephant kept in the^Tower of London, whereof it is said that the King (Henry HI.) in a precept to thelSheriff of London in 1256 says—"We command you that, of the farm of our city ye cause without delay to be built at our Tower of London, one house forty feet long and twenty feet deep for our elephant." That represents rather roomier quarters than Miss Siam has in her day and generation; but her apartment is easy, and she has a better range probably than the royal pet referred to. Most classical readers are familiar with accounts of the feats performed by lelephants in the old times when the Romans used to train them to throw javelins, dance on tight ropes, and perform similar seemingly impossible things which their forest experience could never have put them up to, but which shows their docility and intelligence under culture. Our own elephantine pet will never, it is" almost safe to say, be called upon to develop herself in such directions, but she is gradually'fgetting an education which fits her for society and the sphere of life to which Sir Thomas Elder's liberality to the Acclimatization Society has called her. I could go into raptures over the marvellous structure of such a ponderous pet so fitting for so bulky? a"«body and its natural habits, but I am afraid of making my article as heavy as the elephant. While I am "spreading myself' sojmuch upon a subject so large—in more senses than one— I am neglecting another Zoo pet as] popular as Siam herself, and that is the ^Malayan Sunbear, or Helarclw Malayus, to give him his full title, which is more high sounding than if he had been made a C.M.G. This young animal has decidedly a strong spice of humour in his composition, and I have little doubt that if his bumps were examined Professor Symon or Bome other enthusiastic phrenologist would discover that .he^has the bump of ludicrouBness largely developed. Moreover, mischievous like a monkey he is not, for his tricks are all thoroughly good-humoured pranks, and seem to be the outcome of excess of animal spirits. He has a pit all to ^himself now that his former mate, the slow and solemn black bear, is dead. Master Sunbear is recognised as a regular buffoon|byJvisitors, who always crowd round MB subterranean habitation langhing heartily at hist fanciful performances. One day he got a windfall in the shape of a hat which blew intojhis pit, and straightway he began to deal with it as never hat waa dealt with before. He tried to jam it over his head, and turned several somersaults in the effort. Finally he got his head through the crown, and wore the brim as a" collar. From that time a hat has been regarded as a special incentive to drollery, so far as the sunbear is concerned, and he is therefore kept fully supplied with cast-off head-gear till hi3 pit looks like the floor of a secondhand hatshop. If some little boy's knickerbockers blew off and the sunbear set to work to put them on, I suppose his attentive friends, the public, would forthwith lavish old trousers upon him until at last he might come in for a full suit. It is a popular idea that the sunbear supports existence upon old hats and broken biscuits, those being the usual form of contributions. He has the orthodox notched and gnarled tree-stump to clamber up, and the activity he displays is remarkable. His limbs look as loose-joiated as a marionette's, and he can stand perfectly upright, till he bears an absurd resemblance to the pictures one sees of skinclad Esquimaux children in full dress. The description of this animal—the sunbear, not the Esquimaux—as given by an eminent naturalist is highly complimentary, and fits our comical young friend at the Zoo to a nicety. The for, we are told, is particularly fine and glossy, and the hair shorter than that of the generality of the bear tribe. The colour is deep black, with the exception of a large semi-lunar patch on the breast, and a yellowish—I should say dirty—white patch on the snout and upper jaw. The head is thick and the neck extremely powerful. The sunbear is a vegetable feeder and easily tamed. Ours is as playful ELS a kitten, and as active and supple as any of Chiarini's acrobats. It seems a natural transition to go from the playfu restless sunbear to the monkeys, whose mischievous propensities and downright effrontery keep the spectators ever OA the grin. There are several varieties of the monkey tribe, and an intelligent observer could profitably spend a whole afternoon marking the differences in the specimens—from the baboons down to that tiny siender monkey, who in spite of his alertness and lightning-like leaps seems to be always afraid some of his bigger companions might make a ghost of him. The Quadrumana form a big study in themselves, and there is almost no end to the family, but the few representatives in the Zoo are very interesting. By-the-way I do not think, much as they resemble a caricature of humanity, thatanyof the monkeys stand so erect ornatarally on their hind legs as the little sunbear and Woods points out that the awkward bipedal walk of the monkey tribes is due to the position of the orifice in the skull through which the spinal cord enters the brain. He observes that in the human skull thfo orifice is so placed that the head is equally balanced, and a considerable portion of the skull projects behind it, but in the lower animals this orifice, called the " occipital foramen," is set so far back that the whole weight of the skull is thrown forward, and so overbalances thebody. Another cause, he says, is seen in the structure of the hind Jiinbs. These members are intended for progression among the branches of trees, and are so formed that when the animal uses them for locomotion it is forced to tread, not upon their soles, but upon their sides. The muscular calves which brace the foot and limb are wanting in the Quadrumana animals, and even when they are standing as uprightly as possible their knees are always bent. It is in noting points like these, and observing the peculiarities of the different specimens of natural history at the Zoo, that the utility of such an institution as a means of education becomes manifest. I should like to see some one present an ourang-outang, a chimpanzee, and a spider monkey to the Zoo, for each is singular in its own way; and, barring a real live gorilla, I do not think anything in the line of the Quadrumana could be more acceptable. They have two very fine black baboons at the Zoo, and most remarkable-looking animals they are, with their peculiar flattened faces, long noses, and jet-black skin. (To be continued.) 