T. HE UPPER HAND. BY C. H. SPURGEON. (Continued from last week.) I But now, let us take a more pleasant view I of the text, regarding it as a promise. J To every true Reliever the promise, is — "Sin 1 shall not have dominion over you.'' It does I not say that sin shall not dwell in vou. W.e I know that it will dwell in us while we sojourn j in these corruptible bodies. In the holiest 1 man there is enough sin to destroy him, if it 1 were not for the grace of God, which restrains | its deadly operation. You cannot turn the 1 old enemy completely out ; he lurks, like an j alien in a city, ever ready to do mischief. Nor I are you told that you shall never fall into sin. j Alas ! alas ! Some of those who have walked 1 very near to God have yet fallen very foully. I Need I mention such as David ? O may we never repeat in our lives the lapses which I tarnished. the reputation of such godly men ! J The word, however, is passed and security is I given, that " sin shall not have dominion over I you." The fair and lovely dove may fall into j the mire, but the mire has not dominion over I her, for, rising as quickly as she can, away j she flies to cleanse herself at some crystal | fount. As for the duck, cast that into the foul waters, and pollution hath dominion I over its nature, for it delights itself therein. 1 So the believer may fall into a sin which he I hates, and defile his garments with an uncleanness which he loaths ; but, though he j has lain among the pots, he shall not lie there I for ever, but with wings covered with silver I and feathers as of yellow gold he shall soar | aloft into the pure serene. Let a sheep I tumble into «a ditch, and it scrambles out | again, but let the swine fall there, and it rolls j and revels in it, for a love of filth has dominion I over its nature. There is nothing in this | doctrine, O professor, to excuse you from 1 watchfulness, neither is any reason shown I nor any pledge given that sin may not terribly I overcome the un watchful. Itmay carry the war j right into the province of your spirit and ravage j it, and the whole of your nature may fbr I awhile seem to be subdued, but if you be j indeed a believer, sin shall not storm the citadel j of the heart. Happily a limit is prescribed in the case of every -heir of heaven. Though the enemy may seem to conquer the territory of your manhood, yet it cannot establish a kingdom there, for it shall be driven out again I in due time, and that before long. When the I enemy cometh in as a flood, the Spirit of God I will lift up the standard against him, and the I enemy shall yet be worsted in the combat. I Notice the reason that is assigned for the I I assertion of the text. " Sin shall not have I dominion over you, for " — we will examine 1 the reason given in the text when we have 1 looked at a few others. I Sin cannot get confirmed dominion over the I child of God, because God hath promised that j it shall not. " Sin shall not have dominion j over you." Oh, how I love those "shalls!" I There is a solemn graudeur in them. "Siu J shall not." Ah, Satan may come with I temptation, but when God says, "Sin J shall not have dominion," it is as | when" the sea rolls up in the fulness I of its strength, and the Almighty saith, " Hitherto shalt thou come, but no farther ; I here shall thy proud waves be stayed." If I there were no other promise in the Bible but j this one, and I knew no more theology than that promise teaches me, I would be most I haDDV. "Sin shall not have dominion over you. O my God, if thou sayest it shall not, | then I know it shall not. Hath he said, and I shall he not do it ? Hath he promised it, and i shall it net stand good? If you, my dear I friend, trust in Jesus Christ, you cannot be I the slave of -sin ; before sin can ever fully rule I over you, God 'Is promise must be broken, and, j beloved you are well persiiaded that this shall j never be. j Moreover, brethren, sin shall not have do- j nfinion over you because you beloug to Christ, 1 and he bought you at such a price that 1 assuredly he will never lose you. He paid for J you in the drops of his own heart's blood. As I a believer you . are his peculiar treasure, his J portion, his inheritance. Will he permit the I evil one to deprive him ofthe heritage which I he bought at such a price ? Ah, never ! He j that bought you will fight for you against j every enemy, and preserve his blood-bought heritage unto himself. j Sin shall not have dominion over you because j the Holy Spirit has come to dwell in you. If I you are a believer, the Holy Ghost resides in I you as a king within his palace, and think you that he shall be expelled thence by Satan and his host of temptations ? Now, my brethren, the Holy Ghost is mightier thau Apollyon. " Sia is strong, but grace is stronger, Christ than Satan more supreme." I It is a hard struggle between you and Satan, but between the Holy Ghost and Satan it is an easy war. He can hold his own, and he will do it. Moreover, the Holy Ghost has begun a good work in you, and it is his rule never to leave his work unfinished. The work which his wisdom begins, the arm of his strength will complete. It shall not be said of the Holy i Spirit as we say of a foolish builder, that he began to build, but was not able to finish. The first stone of grace laid in a sinner's heart secures the top-stone of "the sacred edifice, let hell and sin say what they will. Is not the immutable perseverance of the Spirit in his I work of grace a safeguard to preveut you from I falling under the dominion of sin ? I Further still, mv brethren and sisters, j There is in e very Christian a. new nature— a | I new nature which cannot die ahd which can- j I not sin. Christ calls: it "a well of - water I springing up into everlasting life." The I apostle calls it '"a living and incorruptible! I seed, which liveth and abideth forever."! Now, if this seed within yoii be incor- I ruptible, then sin ... cannot " corrupt it ; if it I abideth for ever, then sin cannot hxjpel it. If j the inner life be there, and it be ipdeed the I very life of God within your spirit, sin shall not have dominion over yon. There is a(so another reason that specially applies to you as Christians, your willis not I the slave of siu, and never has been since your I conversion. You sin, but if you could have your will, you would never sin. To will is I present with you. The bent ahd bias of your I mind are towards righteousness if you are a j believer indeed. Now, if such be the case, sin I can ne ver ge t dominion overyour whole nature, I for the sovereignty of all your manhood lies j with him who possesses the mastery of your I will and yoilr affections. As long as the blood- I red flag of Christ's cross floats over the castle j of your heart, Satan may get possession of I eye-gate, and ear-gate, and moutn-gite an hile, but Christ |s etiU king ; If your will is Jstili good towards righteousness— sin has not do minion over you. You know how John Bunyan represents poor Feeble-mind in the cave of .Giant Slaygood. The giant had picked him up on the road, and taken him home to devour him at his leisure; but Feeble-mind, had one humble comfort, for he had heard that the giant could never pick the bones of any man who was brought there against his will. Ah! and so it is. If there be a man who is fiercely tempted, but still his heart crieth out against the sin ; if he be saying, "Lord, I am in Captivity to it ; I am under bondage to it ; "O that I could be free from it !" then sin has not dominion over him, nor shall it destroy him, but he shall be set'Iree ere long. We now come to the reason given in the text. I want you to observe it narrowly, for it is not at first sight easy of comprehension , " sin shall not have dominion over you, for ye are not under the law but under grace." Look at this a minute. There are two principles in the world which are supposed to promote holiness. ' The one is the principle Gf law and duty, the other the principle of grace and faith. It is a popular notion that if you tell men what they ought to do towards God, prove to them the 1 authority . of the divine law-giver, and show I them the penalty of their wrong doing — this | will control their affections, give a just bias to j their inclination, and materially influence their conduct for good. All the history of mankind I goes to show that this supposition is without I proof. If all men were good this would be the I case, but a-i they are all fallen, the effect of | law is not such as might be expected. Those I who are under the law are always under sin. I I will show you that it is so. Our mother J Eve came tinder law. in one point, she was I not to pluck the fruit of one tree. She a r« i nrVk f Acf or? oIia lilmri nf oil AfKai rrmfe oio CUG VIA M J X VUG VfVUGl XL Vliyo of the garden, and I do not find that she was in haste to desire any of the permitted fruits, but the prohibition to pluck that one,- when Satan came to tempt her, prompted her desire and excited an ardent craving for the forbidden fruit. On this very morning, I talked with a person ip great distr ss, who said to me : "I read in the Word of God a text about a siu that was unto death, and no sooner did I think I knew what that sin was than I felt a fascination towards it. I felt I wanted to commit it." Did you ever "notice the same in ' your children ? You have a little garden, part j. of the garden, which you wish to reserve to ! yourself, and you accordingly forbid auy of ! the children to go into it. Well, you had I better give them leave to go in," and then per haps they will be indifferent about it ; but if you isay, "Now, you may go anywhere eUe, but just inside that particular part of the garden you must not go," why, they one and all wish to go there at once. If there be a Blue-beard cupboard anywhere, we must needs long to open it: The moment we are com manded not to do a tiling, such isQur perverse disposition, that we desire to do it. Men who are under law through the naughtiness of human nature always get to be under sin too. We I shall scon find persons guilty of a new misde- I meanour, for there is to be a communication in I railway carriages between the passengers and I the guard, and nobody must pull the rope I unless there is sufficient reason for stopping the train. Now, I will be bound to say thatsomc- | body will be sure to play with the signal. If j you must not do it you will want to do it. I Such is our nature that law, instead of pro- | moting holiness, revives the desires of the I flesh to gratify its lusts and cravings by I infringing the divine precepts. Even the I terrible penalties of hell have failed to inspire J godly fear or restrain from iniquity. When j was there ever so much sheep-stealing, aud j theft, and highway robbery, and forgery, as j when men were hanged or these things ? Then I such crimes were commonly committed. When i Draco wrote his laws in blood and everv offence I was punished with death, crime was far more I rife than it is now. The principle of law has proved its utter powerlessness to deliver men trom tne dominion or sin. There is another principle, and it is stead fastly believed by some of us to be fruitful in every good word and work, a main instigator to righteousness and true holiness. Let me explain it. It is the principle of grace on the part of God operating by faith aud gratitude in the heart of man. It is on this wise : Grace does not say to a man, "You must do this, or you shall be punished," but it says this, " God, for Christ's sake, has forgiven you all your sins ; you are saved ; heaven is youns. and you shall enter into the bliss of the angels ere long ; now, for the love you bear to God, who has done this for you, what will you do for him ?" This does not appear to furnish, at first sight, a very power - j ful motive, but it has been proved in the history of Christ's church, to be the most potent creator of virtue, and destroyer of vice. God's great love wherewith he loved us has been indelibly impressed on the heart. The wondrous sacrifice of Christ has been verily | depicted before the eyes, a constraining power, strong as death, has availed to consecrate the lives of tliose who have felt its sacred all- subduing spell. Dissolved by mercy unmerited aud grace "unexpected, men have surrendered themselves to Christ and holiness, consecrating themselves to God in terms like these : " These matchless cords of love divine, Have bound me, Lord, to thee ; Thou hasteny heart, it shall be thine, Thine it shall ever be." Look at the lives of the apostles, and the martyrs, and those earnest confessors of Christ who resisted nnto blood striving against sin ! Why, my brethren, Christ has had such servants as Moses never had. He has received such self-devotion, sach consecration, such zeal, purely and simply the result of gratitude, as mere law and duty never could create. Now, because you are not under the law, you Christian people, God does not say to you, " Do this, and I will save you ; do not do that, and I will damn you but he says to you, " I have saved you beyond the fear of damnation ; you are mine, my children, my favourites ; now, what will you do for me ?" Such is the motive power, such is the irresistible instinct of love and gratitude, that sin shall never get I dominion over .you. I will give you an illustra tion. I rather think that I am indebted for it to a passage in Cowper's works which I cannot at this moment recall. You have a servant who engages to do his allotted work for the wages which you promise him, with no other motive than his pay, and no further interest in his employment than to get over it as quickly as possible. He is under law. Notice how he watches your eye, that he may do while you are looking at him that which he must do, and loiter as soon as your eye is removed. He renders you & service of a certain sort, but it is generally very poor, and. uot much to be" accounted of.. But you have another servant, j one who is old and tried, and honest to the j ' backbone ; he recollects you when a boy, fur j he used to live with your father then, and took ! fan interest in all the family. Now, if you j Gould not pay him his wages it would not i destroy his attachment to yon, or his zeal for j your interest, for he cares for you rath sr than your money. If you were to dis charge him, I dare say he would tell you that if. you did not know when you bad ft gtwd servant he knew when he bad a good master, and he meant to stick by you. Observe how he watches your in terests; he will not have anything wasted through neglect; he will not have you defrauded in anything for want of over- sight ; and if you were ill in the middle of the night, he would somehow or other discover it and be off for a doctor before you could call him. __If he travelled with you, what care "and attention he would pay you ; he would be ready to risk his life for you You could not buy such service as his "tor gold, you could not get it as a mere matter of duty. Love makes him do for you what mere duty never could. So, even if the law did make good servants, as it never does, yet it never could make so good a servant as "grace and love. Indeed, the motive of love is always the strongest, and if . it came to thp pinch, and your man who serves ; you for your pay could make more out of ; betraying you than he could by being faithful | to you, you know what he would do; but your other servant, who serves you from personal affection, would no more think of going beyond or imposing upon you than of injuring him self ; he would be like the Roman slave, who was tortured to death sooner than he would disclose where his master was concealed, when his enemies sought his life. Love, love is the mighty principle. You Christian people are not under law ; it is true the. moral law is your rule of life, but it has no tyrannous govern ment over you; Christ fulfilled the law for you ; the law had been duly honoured ; you owe it no such obedience as slaves render to their taskmasters. You have been delivered from the law principle, and being now under the principle of love, sin never shall have dominion over you. III. But I cannot tarry longer, as our time is gone, xue iasi pome is to view the text as an encouragement. Iu this assemby I fear there are not a few who are strangers to the holy jealousy which keeps a watch over the heart, and a guard upon the lips, lest they should sin. I wish we were all so on the alert, that we all kept our garments scrupulously white. Dear brethren. cultivate a holy jealousy. Be very watchful, and let this text animate you — "Sin shall not have dominion over you " You are not attempting an impossibility, therefore be encouraged labour a ter holiness. In this assembly, too, f hero are some who are consciously very weak. You feel your de praved nature to be vigorous, and you are afraid that the grace within you is insufficient for the trials that beset you. My dear brethren, let this promise encourage you. Though you may be very weak, it you are a child of God, sin shall no more got dominion over the weak thau over the strong. Though the life within you may be but a spark, it shall not be quenched ; though it be but as a bruised reed, it shall not be broken. The text is for the weak as well as the strong— " Sin shall not have dominion over you." Perhaps I address a backslider to-night. O, my brother, you have wandered into sin ; you have awfully defiled your garments : and the church of God has been compelled to cast you out. But do you now hate your sin ? Have you now began again to cry unto God for mercy ? Does the Lord help you to look to the cross, and rest in the work of Jesus ? If so, be of good courage still, for if you are the Lord's child sin may get a temporary advantage, but it shall never have permanent dominion. You have sinned very terribly ; it is an awful thing ; God have mercy uuon you for it. You will have to go with broken bones all your life, but if you are a sincere believer you shall still be saved, for sin shall not have dominion over you. And now; the last sentence is this, if there be auy man here desirous to be saved from the reigning power of sin within his body, however much sin may now domineer over nim, if he will come to Oprist, my Lord and Master, and put his trust in him, he will take care to deliver iiiin altogether from sin. beginning the good work in him this very night, and carrying it on till he at last- brings him to heaven, without spot or wriukle, to see the face of- God. And .this is for every one of you who will trust Christ. O i hat you may trust iu him now, and God shall have the glory while you will have the great salvation. Amen. 