GAULFlELD- BY THE WORM. This Morning. Jack Roach ana Tbe King of th? King— Callopi colt, wero tho first to put in au appear- once, The pair cantered a oonplo ot timw round on tbe gr»3E, spurting for about three furlongs each turn. Ontario cantered once round on the sand. Fulling on to tbe gras-' the hurdleraosr strode along lor a mile and a half at a good useful pace. Deceiver was treated to a strong round on tbe sand after putting in a turn steady. Tho Don Giovanni coW «b> cant three steady turns, bis stable companion Cad- land doing a couple of turns on the graw, stridingolong lor o furlong?, each round going very strong. Novelette was treated to a good useful round on tbe grass, moving freely. Syphoo Bnd Friendless wer; despatched ia Indian file for a hteady 4-mtie canter; both these jumpers are lookiog very writ, Cupola went three steady roucdsou the saed, spurting about 3 furlongs the second round. Merry Fenella went a couple of turns, one right and the other left banded, striding home from the turn. The filly is very fresh. Egbert and Tipptty Witsbett cautered onoe round the grass. This looks like a flatter later en. Cannte strode along once round tbe son i track, after doing some steady exercise. Pint Fop and Violet, who, I am told, ha fose into Mr Jones' stable, together with Mr larper's jumper, Sir Samuel, rvmtered a furlongs, tbe cecond round finishing np with another steady turn, Both filleys are looking blooming. Meritorious went a couple of steady tarns, jspntting a conple or tbree tulcngp, moving like machinery. Yately went three rounds on the grass, striding along- for about three quarters of a milo the second and third rounds. Ditty on UmbsitJ bursting alone (or a couple of fur longs with him. The Cup horse D looking and going well. David and C.vnaerino putin a steady rouud, striding along in company for 5 furlongs in good stylo ; tbo c?h pulliog off, tbe inaro . going another round at a good smart cantor. \- . - Ditto did tbrco ete&dy; miles on tbe sand. Dargo did a similar distance on tho graw. Tbo hurdle racer looking all the better lor his trip to Bollarat. The Ghost was sent long steady cxercrie, going nice and quietly. Norfolk, i Tumult, and Nuaciu, wero all treated to quiet cantering exorcise. The Newminster colt cantered twice round, bni'sting alongfor tbree or four furlong, goiog very strong, Stmggler put in three or four steady turns on tho sand. "Sir Samuel and Coriolonus, after cantering, strode once roend in company for a good working gallop, finishing together. Bsresford was put through some serviceable ex ercire. Spartan Satellite, and Scaramouch did not put in an appearance. 