ECHOBS OF MILBOUJNE. S (Br THn GHosT.) Silence now reigns, supreme where but a few short days since Gabble held her court. For six months the chambers of our Legislature will cease to echo the eloquent thunder of our three hundred pounders, and such burning questions as havenot been quenched by the wet blanket of a Coalition be perforce allowed to smoulder. The weary Premier and fagged Chief Secretary are at rest, and the wicked Opposition have for the nonce ceased from troubling. Brown holland and green baize now hide the well cushioned seats on which our law makers have for some time" past disported themselves in attitudes more or less graceful, and the Mace-the bauble which when displayed on the Assembly table is the outward and visible sign of the power of Mr. Speaker-lies snugly en sconced in its cedar coffin in Mr. Lalor's sanctum, in a quiet cupboard in company with a small collection of "choice spirits." The official robes of the officers of the Houses hang limp from the pegs in their comfortable retiring rooms; and the wigs that lend such dignity to their wearers are now securely "tinned" as any Western district rabbit. In a word, the legislative halls of Victoria are deserted, and the greatpile of buildings at the topof Bourke street is left alone in the midst of its grandeur, and its hoarding. For all of which we should certainly be duly thank ful. Te Deum Lauldaius has often been sung for much' smaller mercies vouchsafed than the close of a parliamentary session. The words in which Voltaire is said 'to' have taken his leave of Holland and the Dutch are, excepting, of course, the first which are not of universal application to the chosen representatives of the people somewhat apposite in connection with the recent prorogation. Adieu, canaille, canaum, canards! is the farewell the philosopher of Fernay is reported to have hurled at the people of the Low Countries. For are we not in Victoria taking leave of honourable members ? Are we not saying good-by for a while to ?r. M'Coll andthe canal? And by passing the Game Act, which forbids the use of punt guns on our lhkos arid lagoons, are we not bidding a long adieu' to the ducks thaatat each recurrence of this festive season of the year have during the present- generation graced our dinner tables; and formed such an important constituent of our picnic baskets P " Patience and perseverence have at length received their reward. After nine years of insistency and persistency; during which .an amount, of "boring" was done;,which would shaine,the best managed of theGov ernment diamond drills,. Mr. Coll'- has achieved the object of his'heart's desireanid the member for Mandurang may liie long enough once more to renew his acquaintance with a beverage koowh as "Presbyterian wine." In one of that honourable gentle man's feivid bursts of oratory, he assured the Assembly some three 'years ago that never' again 'would hoe taste whisky until able to dilute-it -with- water- from sthe " canawl." There is now a possibility that in'the dim future this uttered vow will:n" lonigerbe equivalent to one of eternal tem-' perance. A Royal Commission on irriga tion is to be appointed,, and Mr. Defkii, as its chairman-accompanied by Mr. Christy as engineer, and "a practical agricultu rist," who has not yet been nominated-is to proceed to California and Mexico, in order to become familiar with the systems of water supply best calculated to meet the requirements of this colony. This aquatic party are'to tstart on their trip about the 15th of January, and are to be absent on their travels some four months. When they return to us at the expiration of that' time- giants refreshed with a store of water conservating lore-let us hope 'that, more fortunate than a former embassy that once went to "foreign parts," they will come back with -the materials for an "E nabling Act," or, at all events, with the amount of knowledge requisito to " enable" tliem to draft a measure that will not only cause the desert plains of our arid north-wesd to blossom like the rose, but will remove the grand canal " from the Goulburn to the sea," from the Utopian regions, where up to the present time it has been solely supposed to be capable of flow ing, to the domains of the possible. " The town was startled"-to borrow an ,expression" from Ithe penny-a-liners-on, Monday at hearing that William'Barries, a convict at present ndergoiiig a sentence of two years' imprisonment as a vagrant, had confessed to murdering Mr. John Braggs Slack, who was found in his bed with his throat cut from ear to ear, holding a razor in his left hand, and upon whom a coroners jury sat ard returned a verdict of suicide. The detectives at once sot to woirk and " instituted enquiries," with the result tlat they obtained " evidence" that the confession was in every way true. Unfortu-" nately, however, for their reputation for as tuteness, it now, turns out' that the self-ae cused murderer is either mad or isfeigning insanity, and in his ravings acknowledges himself to be the perpetrator of a number of crimes of which there can be no doubt he is innocent. Although the tale told by the criminal is circumstantial enough, and has been corroborated in one or two particulars, there is the important fact in his favour, that the dead man's gold "watch wIs left untouched by his side. Why a right hinded-man-as Mr. Slack was-should have.used his left hand to cut his throat as Mr. Slack didif he killed himself-is tlierefore still destined to remain an un solved problem. .Some correspondence has'of;late been published in some of the leading journals ii regard to the propriety of allowing the surviving members of the old Legis lative Council and the early' Legislative Assemblies the-privilege accorded to actual imembers of Parliament of free travelling on :the' State liiies. Were the Railway Commissioners to accede to the suggestion \--which originated with Mr. Andrew Ruthherfordl the first representative of Colao in the,Lower House-it would only be on their part' a graceful get of recog nition of' valuable services rendered during the period when mem ers were'not "reimbursod their expenses.". If, how ever, the gratitude of the coqlqny to these legislative Pilgri/u Fathers is to be shown in the manner designated, there' is .not much time to be lost. Thoi?e are not more than a dozen gentlemen ziow alive' who could'clhini the privilege- many.old legis lative identities being already 'on the " dead head" list as executive councillors -and the compliment paid':'them, wouild not entail any very serious loss to the rail" way revenue. The manufacturing bootmakers and the operatives are still at loggerheads; but there are signs and portents which tend to show that the differences are day by. day becoming narrower. Arbitration will :no ndubt end the dispute, and there will be a return to the good old times When the great men helped the poor, And the poor men loved the great, promising always that there are poor men among the Victorian bootmakers, and great ones among the factory proprietors. The aspirations of the beau metnde of fMelbourno fo'r some 1place in wlvicli to dis play the newest thling in equijIages and the swvectest things in bonnets are about to be realised. The drive round the.Albert Park lagoon is to be widened, and there in future the " upper ten" will on fine, after-' noons sadly take their airings. No longer I will the well-appointed carriages, in' order I that they may become the observed of, all o•bservrs, have to parade' in front qf 1Eoertson and Itoeth'si or Alston and I Molfat's. The necessary comparison between the " turn out" of Mrs. Jones and .that of Mrs. Robinson, without which the possession of these outward symbols of their Wealth would indeed be odious to ,their proprietors, are in future to be insti tuted in the St. Kilda Park. But why, in the name of all that'is zsthetic, is the new resort of fashion to be termed Rotten Row ? It was surely hardly needful so closely, to copy. the London model. Melbourne-and indeed the enitire colony ''is at present suffering from the annual epidemic of "speech days," which about this time of the year: generally manifests itself.' School elocution is everywhere to the fore, and prodigies more or less infantile arg 'being trotted out. In defiance of truth, numerous young gentle men, with varied emphasis, have htated their name to be Norval, and have further told their audiences that their father was engaged in pastoral pdrsuits on the Gram. plan Hills, whereas, in one instance it all events, the orator's name was Smith, and his paternal relative kept a shoe shop in Collingwood. How is it that some of the numerous societies that have constituted themselves the 'guardians of public morality do nob put a stop to the practice of thus permitting the rising generation to describe themselves as the sons of squatters, whereas in point of fact they are nothing of the kind, and the New Zealand Trust and Loan and Goldsbrough and Co., Limited, know them not ? Really our Minister of Education should see to it. December 20. 