NEWS OF TUE DAY. Renewed protests, our London corres. poudent states, are being made to the French i Government by the liarl of Derby on behalf of the British Cubinet, in reference to tho transportation of French convicts to the 1'acitie. TQi statement is current in Louden diplomatic circles that there is every proba bility that Messrs, Jumes Service and J, 0. l.truy, Premiers of Victoria nud South Austra- lia, who wore both present as delegates for' their re-pccCive colonies at the late Federal Convention .held in Sydney, will shortly receive tho honor of lcuighthood, Mr, T. M'Intyro, M.L.A. for Mnldon, has; increased the capital of the Maldoa Mining Comamy, which be is erigapel in floating in London, to ill 20,000. The Aus tralian Freehold Investment Company, with a capital of £1,000,000 sterling, has been suc cessfully Heated by Sir Henry Pnrkes, ex- Premier of New South Wales, now on a visit- to tho liouin country. Tho Gladstone Cabinet havo informed tlio Egyptian Council that the ' combined relieving ffritirh anil Eirvntieu force abked for cannot Lo despatched to IWber lor at least four months to come, Plans for a general rising in Ireland hare belli discovered buried in the garden of Patrick Epau, one of , tho secretaries of the lave Irish Land League. j'.g'in wm at once arrested, and hns been remanded, pending-inquiry. An attempt :wna made on tjAvUrUuV (O DlvVr U|) ODO Of wllo b.urucka In Dublin by exploding nu ujfeml machine containing dynamite, but fortunately no damage wa&doue; tolife orproperty. Another extensive tire occurred on Saturday evening at Whiteley'a Universal Providing Establish meut ait Bayawafer, London. The damage fe estimated to exceed £.100,000 sterling. The names of Lord Sheffield's oricketiog team, which is to play the Australian eleven at Sheffield Park ou tho 12tli, 13th and ldth May, wili bo found in otrr cable columns. The proceedings iu connection with tbo second Intercolonial Trades Congress wen brought to u termination on Saturday morning, when u deputation appointed by the congreti waited ou . tho Premier, and presented - bin with tho principal resolutions which were Arrived at by the delegates. The deputation requested Air. Service to take legislative action in the direction of legalising trades unions, the eight bourn system, amending the Masters and Servants Act, introducing an Employer Liability Bill, a Alining on Trivate Property Bill, and a bill embodying tbo recommendations of the Shops- Commission Mr. Service, in replying, stated the Cabinet had already determined that several of tbe matters referred to by the deputation should be brought forward in the ensuing session of Parliament. Jio promised to bring the views of the deputation before the Cabinet. Mr Williams, the delegate chosen to proceed to England on behalf of tbe congress, tuid appeal to the working classes of England and France on the rccidivietti question, was then presented to Mr. Service, who wished him success ia his mission. The Premier suggested that bo fore Mr. Williams started some public meet ings should be held in Sydney and other colo nies by the workiug classes, In order to utrengthen the hands of their delegate. The formal business ia connection with tbe clo'ingof the International Trades Congress was transacted on Saturday evening, in tbe afternoon tho delegates paid a visit to Mor« dialloc, where a light luxrch was provided by. tbo lYudes Hall committee, tho party return ing to town shortly after six o'clock. At seven o'clock the delegates reassembled at the Trades llall, and, after several votes of thank had been pulsed and the minutes continued, the conference was formally declared closed. A banquet was held at eight o'clock, at which there was a full attendance of delegates Amongst those present \va« Mr. Graham Berry who, on rising to respond to the toast of The Ministry, waa very warmly received. H expressed a hope that tbe Government would! iu the coining session bo ablo to give effect to some of the resolutions the cousress hod J adopted, aud tbey would be assisted hi 1 their effort by having the eijjn— i wishes of the congress nt their back. Re'crring to the resolution arrived at by the cougrese iu lavor of federation of the trnde m the different colonies, Air. Hurry said that the fact of federation liavinrr been found desirable by «uch &u; important uud poweriul scofciou ox tne community, turn. shod a btrong argument that federatiou of all oihcr national lntorc-Hts woold be a good and desiraulo thing. Social other toate were proi used, and the visiung delegates who resjionded, uuknowlouced iu the wannest t<rin the mcuJiv fceimg an I ho.spi- tality thathad bcen extouatdto theui tunco their arrival in the colony. The .delegates to the Intercolonial Trades Conference have accepted an invitation from the hiavor to attend un organ recital at the Town dull at noon to-day. Tho party will afterwards be cntertaiucd at luncheon by his worship. To-morrow some of the delegates visit Ballarat at the invitation of the mayor of that; city. Amongst the passengers who left by the Messflgerics Maritimes steamer Yarra on Sa turday lor Bordeaux was M. Oournieaux, who recently concluded a somewhat lengthy vi.-it to the New Hebrides and adjacent islands in the Pacific. It has been generally understood that M. Courmcaux was engaged iu a confiden tial mission on behalf of his Government in connection witli the recidiviste question, nud bis instructions were to furnish a full report. Prior to the steamer leaving M. Courmeaux admitted this to he the fact, and further made the important statement that he had cabled the gist of his report to Franco oil his return to Australia from I\'e\v Caledonia some months ago. In that lie stated it would be impolitic to' deport the reeidivistes to the islands, not because there was a sentimental objection to it in Australia, but because the land was so rich aud valuable that it would be preferable to encourage free emigration, and thus build np French colonies that would be of the greatest value to the mother country. In commenting upon the dispute which has arisen between the Customs department mid the looal agents for the W'estingliouse brake, the Aryus has fallen into a series oi errors, which the Premier asks us to correct. The agents desired to pay duty on goods imported by them to the vulue of £2510. The Customs department claimed dutv on £5400, the valuo of the goods -according to the trade list, in clusive of royalty. The dry it? implied that Mr. Lanuridge did not act disinterestedly in the matter, and caused deinv to the agents by refuting to " take a bond pending tho legal decision" upon tho dispute. As a matter of fact there is no power in law for taking a bond, and it is denied that the Customs were the causo of even a single day's delay. The work of fitting up the brake has not been in any way delayed, and the particular 40 cases of goods over which the dispute lias arisen have been delivoreil to the agents for a considerable time, Regarding the decision of the experts, who returned a lower value than the agents had submitted, our contemporary accuses the Customs of double dealing, saying, " If the decision liad been the otiier way the Customs would havoi accepted the award." 'The orpn.", in its blind advocacy of the Westinghouso brako, in season and nut of season, aptly illustrates the familiar phrase of going about this business like a mad bull at a g"te. Mr. Service states that, if the agents for tho Westinghouso brake will produce evidence showing the price at which the brake is sold in England, the Customs will accept this as the market value of tho goods at the port of delivery. There is not tiie slightest desire on the part of tile Govern ment to press adversely upon the Westing- bouse Brake Company, and so far as. the do- cision of the oxperts is concerned the Customs perfectly willing to accept that award as to the value of the malerials, hut the question of paying ditty on the royalty has not been determined by them. Mr. Graham, one of the candidates for Moira, addressed a numerous meeting of the electors nt Benalla. an .Saturday evening. No vote was token. Mr. M'Lean, another candi date, bold throe meetings on Saturday, at Pino Lodge West, Kialla East and Kialkt West, and received a vote of confidence at each meet ing. Sir William Des Vreux, Lady Des Vceux and family arrived at SpencoD-strect statiou, on Saturday, by tho Sydney express train, and proceeded to their hotel at tho St. ICildit Esplanade. Mr. Gillies, Minister of Railways, and Colonel Sargood, Minister of Water Supply, returned to town irom their trip through a portion of the North-eastern district on Satur day night. They left Melbourne on Thurs day evening and proceeded to Nnmurkah, . whence they were driven in a north-westerly direction to Nntlialia. Thence they went np the Murray as farms TOeiiinwal, where they crossed, and remained on Friday night. On- Saturday they drovo to Yarrawonga and St. J aines's, the present terminus of a brunch lino from BenaiJa. Mr. G iliies had an opportunity of inspecting three routes iu directions where railway extension is being asked for. Ho however, carefully abstained from giving any indication its to which of the lines would lid found included in the next Railway Bill, Colonel Sargood paid his first country visit as Minister oi Water Supply, and became ac quainted with a country tiio great drawback of which, for a considerable portion of the year, is want of water. Tho Minister, how- over, found plenty, as nearly an inch of ruin fell early on Friday morning. The roads were so heavy that the party were lato in arriving at St. James's, whence their special train started on Saturday night. A quick run to town was, however, safely accomplished, the '141 mik.-a being done in about four hours, in cluding detentions. The 60 miles between Benalla and Seymonr were travelled in an hour and twenty minutes. Tho Inst named station being reached to time, the paco to Melbourne wns slower, nnd.Speneer-Btreut was reached at nbont a quarter to eleven. Mr. W. Collard Smith, M.L.A., chairman of the Shops Commission, has been engaged in drafting a special report for presentation to tile Government in reference to tho employ, iment of bar maids in liotcia and public houses. The document it is expected will be printed in the course of tho week, when tho commis sioners will be called together to consider it. Some delay lias' arisen in preparing the final report respecting the establishment of courts of conciliation. The drafting of this will, we understand, be entrusted to Mr. John Woods and Mr. Hall, M.L.A.'s. by whom the pro- posals already published were drawn up. It wns thought expedient, before finally dealing with this question, to await the result of tho Intercolonial Trades Congress, which was held Jast week. The Railway Commissioners will proceed to SalFvliis morning for the purpose of inspecting the Gipptilutid line and the branch line from Traralgnu to Heyfield. A special train will leave Friiiccs-fcridge station at 8.1 a,m., . arriving at Sale at 3.20 p.m. Tho Commis sioners remain in Sale to-night, aud to-morrow will proceed along the Traraigou and Koyfield line, returning to Princes-bridge at 3.4S p.m. On Wednesday they will inspect tho Frankston and Lillydalo lines. They will be accompanied by Mr. Mirla, locomotive superintendent ; Mr. Barter, actipg general .traffic manager ; and Mr. W. Reynolds, '"minute secretary. The ceremony of consecrating Monsignor Moore, who has recently been appointed to the Roman Catholic bishopric of Ballarat, was per formed yesterday in St. Patrick's Cathedral Ballarat. The church was crowded, all re' ligions and many parts of the conntry being fully represented. The solemnities, whicli were of a most impressive character, were under the supervision of Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne. At the concltisiou of tho ceremony Father C'ahill, S.J., preached a vory powerful sermon, illustrative of the influence exercised by tho Roman Catholic episcopate at the pro- sent day as well as in times past. The cere mony having been concluded, a large portion of the clergy and laity adjourned to a banquet at the bishop's palace, where several toasts were honored in the usnnl form. Tho R.M.S. Shannon, with the fortnightly mail from England, Innia and China arrived icHohson's Bay at hull-past live a.m. yester day, after a quick passage. Tho Shannon had -a generally uneventful voyage throughout- She brings a large number of passengers, files to 21st March, and the following packa"es of mails Geelong, 21 ; G.P.O., 95 ; Sydney, 97 ; Queensland, 17 ; Noumea, 7 ; Squadron, 3 ; New Zealand, 42 ; Tasmania, 33. Mr. James Thomson, secretary of the Cal cutta Exhibition Commissionero, arrived by the Shannon yesterday. He brings a number of wardiat. cases of Indian plants new to the colony for the Melbonrne, Ccstlcmaiue, Gee- long, Sandhurst and Ballarat botanic gardens, prepared by Dr. George King, superintendent of the Royal Botanic Gardens of India, The plants, which were carried on tile deck of the Shannon, have arrived in perfect condition, and, together with some extensive collections of seeds contributed by the curator of the Eden and other public gardens of the Indiau capital, bLouIJ prove of great value ill Victoria. Before leaving Mr. Thomson arranged with the Indian agricultural aud other societies fop I the despatch on an early date c.f samples of ' grain, seeds of fodder plants, fibres and other ! utilitarian products in exchange for sanin'ea I presented from the Victorian court Some a t tlicsowill, it is anticipated, berecoived in time tor the forthcoming sowing season, nnd will on arrival be banned to the Department of AgricnUuro for distribution ; the claims of exhibitors in tue Victorian Court of tho Ex- luhion receiving, of course, special attention. Interesting ethnological and economic collec tions for Victoria were also in course of formation nt tho dato of Mr. Tnomson's departure from India for presentation to the Govcrauiout of this colonr. A raco meeting wa3 hold by the Victoria Amateur Turf I dub at Coalfield on Saturday, when the attendance was only moderate, the weather being of a most unpleasant descrip tion. The first, event was the Suiting Race, which was won by Tulta, witli Queeu Bess se cond and Lulla Kookh third. Yatcly won the Hurdle Race, having Brenda second and Dawdler think Vanguard, who occupied a pro. minent position in the betting, foil during the race, breaking bis rider's (fVobic) collar bone. Morrijig won the Glen Huntly Handicap, Meander being second aud Lesbia third. The Steeplechase proved, as usual, exciting, and ended in a victory for the veteran Blackthorn, with Chrysalis second and Lizetto third. Stampede fell early in tho raco, his rider (Malnne) being picked up in an unconscious condition suffering from concussion of tho brain. The concluding race of tue afternoon was the Armadale Handicap, wliicli was won by Meander, with The Ghost second aud Casta way third. According to the English Merchant Ship ping Act of 1876, ocean goiug steamers and sailing ships must lie provided with tho means of making signals of distress at night, it is further provided that the light must bo so arranged that it cannot be extinguished by water. The marine laws of Queensland arc similar in this respect to the English act, but sncli is not the case with the marine laws of this colony. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright; and Co. liave communicated with tho Steam Naviga tion Board, drawing attention to this fact, and pointing out that Holmes's light, which is greatly used by English vessels, has been found to give every satisfaction. The com munication urges the inclusion of a similar provision in the Victorian act. The letter lias been forwarded to the Commissioner of Trade and Cnstoms, with a recommendation that tho request be complied with. After a successful existenco of over six weeks the Intercolonial Exhibition opened under the anspices of the Victorian Wine Growers' Association was formally closed by the presi dent, Mr. L. L. Smith, on Saturday night. n announcing that the prizes and medals would be distributed in the course of a few days, he stated that the prize takers included 130 ladies' prizes, 170 gentlemen's prizes, and 30 special prizes. Since the opening day over 100,000 visitors bad attended, many of whom from tile otiier colonics had expressed surpriso at tho largo number of exhibits shown. His earnest tiianks were due to the Indies for the vnlunbio assistance they had rendered. Mr. Smith also mentioned that any profit over expenses would be devoted to iho establish ment of a School of Viticulture, Liciilenant-Colonel Walker attended at the Williauistown orderly room ou Friday even ing, and passed thirty-six members of the Footscray Artiderv into the ranks. Tile men went through a course of company drill and exercise at tho guns, under Acting Sergeants Porter, Sullivan, Binney nnd Eee. The in specting officer complimented those present on tiieir efficiency. Captain, Goldstein was in command, and at the close of t'lie inspection presented drill instructor Fryer with a cheque, subscribed for by the members of the battery, as a substantial token of their esteem, prior to his departure to act as instructor in tho Western district. The first daylight parade of tho second bat talion Metropolitan Militia Infantry was held near tho Powlett-stroet orderly " room on Saturday afternoon. Tho unfavorable state of the weather and other circumstances con sidered, the mm. tor was regarded as a very fair one, over a hundred men being present. They were first put through distinct company drill for about an hour, after whicli they wont through a number of battalion evolutions, acqnitting themselves crediLably, The fol lowing officers attended the parade : — Lieu tenant-Colonel Brownrigg, Liemenant-Coloiiel Toinpleton, Major Irviu'g, Adjutant Burton, Captains Christoplieraun and Tiliey. Lieute nant-Colonel Browurigg passed 28 recruits into the ranks, and a number of others will soon he competent to pass also. In accordance with a requisition signed by a number of members ot the Presbvterian Assembly, "the Rev. John Gardner, as' mode rator, lias convened a pro re nahi mooting of ; the assembly for the 1st proximo, to bo held nt tho Assembly Hall, CollinB-street, for tho purpose of opposing tho notion of tile mem bers of the .Scots' Church congregation, who have given public notice of their intention to nsk Parliament to pass a private bill to alienate the Scots Church property from the Presbyte rian Church of Victoria, A meeting of tho commission of the General Assembly will be held on the 6tb prox. at noon, An. exciting incident took place on Tuesday Inst, a short distance beyond tho Footscray railway station. A" railway porter named Jcifree was engaged ill loading 5 tons of dyna mite and 5 tuns of Hall's gunpowder in two trucks, when a large spark from a passing train struck him violently on tho left eye, completely burning through tho-eyelid nnd falling amongst tho powder cases close to oomo loose pebble powder. Fortunately Telfree, ' notwithstanding tho oxtreme pain lie _ was suffering, 'had the presence of mind to stamp ont the spark before it caught tbo loose powder. Had it dono so the explo- Rion would havo been terrific. Jeftree's 'eye was examined on the following day by Dr. Morton, who states that tho eye is so badly injured that the unfortunate man will lose the i sight .of it. Notwithstanding the serious I nature of his injuries Jelfroe has not been ! allowed to leave duty. A meeting of the Accountants' and Clerks' Association wns hold at the Victoria Coifco Palace on Friday. Mr. YV. T. V. Sharp oc cupied the chair, acd about 50 members were present. The secretary reported that over 40 firms liad applied to the association for clerks, and that the majority of tho appointments ! had been tilled by the association. Thirty- ' seven proposals for membership had been re- ! ceived during the mouth. A sub-committee 1 of three wns elected to classify disengaged ! members, and also to make selections for ap. ! pointinents. Much reuret wa3 expressed bv the members present that delegates had not been appointed to represent tho association at the trades congress. i In the action of tho Loddon Wntermill Company v. Pallett, Mr. Isaacs applied to his Honor Mr. Justice Hoiroyd in Chambers on Saturday, to have the venue changed from Melbourne to Sandhurst. Mr. Hodges for the plaintiff opposed tho application. It appears that a race connected with plaintiff's Hour mill had been stopped for a short time by the defendant while constructing the Uridgewater weir, under authority from the district water trust. Plaintiff claims compensation for tho injury canoed by the stoppage, nnd defendant now sought to have the cuse tried ut Sand hurst, where the cause of action, if any, arose, and where nil the witnesses reside. His Honor granted the application. Costs to bo coats in the case. The libel action Carr Eoyd v. Cotton camo again before Mr. Justice Hoiroyd in Chambers on Saturday, when plaintiff applied to be allowed to pnt certain interrogatories to tbe deiendact as to the authorship of a'uuwspaner letter upon which tho libel action is bje-l The application was made liy Mr. Huod un,l Dr. Madden, for defendant, agreed to' the interrogatories as asked for. The Musical Artists' Society held their usual monthly meeting, on Saturday eveninu at Gunsler s Cafd. After agood performance by Meesra. M eston, F. Montague, JUger and Hart, of Mozart s string quartet No. 13, in D minor, tile president, Mr. Jiiger, read Ms own translation oi Berlioz's criticism on Beetho. von 8 Fidelio. Tins able and exhaustive analysis of tho great composer's only opera was listened to with much iuterest. The his tory of this famous work, the frequent revi- siou it was subjected to by its composer, who even wrote four overtures to it before his fas tidious taste was satisfied; its enthusiastic re ception in England, Germany and France, were all minutely described, and dm criticism of the mueio wns marked by a discrimination anil insight siinyving not only the profound mu sician, but tho experienced and accomidished UtUratair. A vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. Jiiger at the conclusion of his readin- and a hope expressed that some local rnnsicM society would perform a portion of this great work. 1 lie first act would be eminently suita- ble for projection by one of the Liodertafel concerts, as the choruses are all lor mule voices. During the evening Mr. Winn sang Koccos song from F'idelio, accom- pan Oil by Synor Zelnian, which was re- ceived by the audience with much favor. The business conducted by the serif ty nt tins meeting included nominations for the offices of vice-president, librarian aud two members of committee. At St. Paul s Pro- Cathedral yesterday nmriAug, the scrmou was preached by the Rev. Mr. Cocks ; that in tho evening by tho Rev. Digby Berry. At the latter service tho choir gave a very cffcclivo rendering ot Mendelssohn's beautiful Lobgesang, I Wailed for the Lord, There was a moderate attendance at tlio Theatre Royal on balurilay evening, when Fun on tno Bristol was repeated. 'idle Opera House was well attended on Saturday evening ,when a successful represen tation of the burlesque Bluebeard was given. Tho last nights ot .Miss Jennio T.ce's appear ance in this entertainment arc announced. F'orget Me Not continues to attract large and nnprvciativoaiidicncesntthc Princess's Theatre. Tiio theatre on Saturday evening was again well filled, uud the popularity of the plav ap pears to bo us great as ever. It is, however, announced to lie withdrawn on' Saturday next when the Queen's Favorite will be pro duced. The final performance-of Girofie Girofla was given last evening, at tho Bijou Tlieatro, and Bizet's Carmen's announced for production to night, which M, G'aron has been specially en gaged to conduct. -Miss Emelie Melville will appear as Carmen, Miss Gracie Plaisted as Mic-jcia, and Messrs. Harding and Farley will represent Don J on5 and Escamlllo re spectively. By the last Californian mail Miss Jeffreys Lewis, tiie well known English actress, arrived in Sydney, having been engaged by Mr. James Allison for u six months' tour in tlio Australian colonies, specially to play tlio part of Fednra in Victorien Sardoit's drama, immortalised by tlio genius of Sara Bernhardt in Paris, Mr. Allison lias purchased tho solo right to produce this drama in the Australian colonies from Mr. Boucroft, of the Hay- market Theatre, London. Miss Jeffreys Lewis for some years lias been the principal tragedienne in tlio United States, where b!io attained great popularity. Tlio Temperance Hull was crowded on Saturday evoniug, whou the Combination Senenadors gave a minstrel entertainment, and Messrs. Tintlall nnd Harris appeared in their clover aud amusing feats upon the hori zontal bur. Almost every item of tho pro gramme was encored. It was announced that Air. Geo. Jones, the chief of. tho serenaders, would take a benefit ou -Monday week, pre vious to the departure of the company upou n country tour. The usual People's Concert was held in the Hall of Science ou Saturday evening, when the Union Minstrels appeared in a new and attractive programme to a crowded house. The various songs and dances were loudly ap plauded, and several encores were insisted on. Another attractive programme is announced for tills evouing. At the Victoria Hnll on Saturday evening Hudson's Surprise Party mado their last appearance. Tho performance wa3 a benefit one, tendered to Air. Hudson. A miscellaneous entertainment was given on Friday eveuiug at tho Altiert Hall, Albert Park, in aid of tho Balmoral Cricket Chib. Tiie inclement weather rather limited the at tendance. A programme consisting of songs, recitations and step dancing was .successful! v gone throngs, and tlio entertainment con cluded witli a laughable faice, Tho Coal Heaver's Revenge, which was much appre ciated by the audience. Mr. Ellerkor 'officiated us pianist. We havo received 5„. from Storm, nod £1 from XI. v. 7... towards tin- u-Mew J. Clark's fund. Attention is tUfoctful to an unnoiuicctncnt In nn» other column of villa rMltJeiicu and land witli Inko frouvtgtM, to hojiolU by Mosaic, GuimucH, TuckcUand Co. on Wednesday nnxt, ut nnou. Iho ttcv. Kn'ph Brown, by spociiU request, will ( jeltvrr n;s farewell lecture tlild evenimr, prior to hin ueorturo for Aiucrieu and Uurope. The popularity mi..i.fV, "ru5i . "" l,llr?""ln«' »«d physiognomy ou/lit tosseuro hirn u gond hom:e. Mr. Mullen ban cent lis a box of tbo flno art stationery iiiat»ufiici»ir.d by Messrs. Tlmtnas Do La Hue and Co., cornpriiitta a.-ioetiun of note paper, with iinvHo'.ea to inistvb. Trie piper is of a -ot.u nudity, bfinir ple»«a>«l to wriloupon, and Minted iu different cuhwa to suit tho i»>«te of the purclia r. !i?vc rocebeil Uw followimr publication from Mr. h. H.'nlo, Uonrltc-Hlrnet:— The people's edition of Leaw» jmm Mutmul of Our Lift in tho Ilinh- '((mi's from JH> t» 2-s./, to winch are added extracts from the sauiH journal giving an ncyount of earlier yiuits of the ijucen tobeotinnd, tnnra iu Kngland nnd Ire and, and ychting oxC'ironns, oditod bv Arthur Uoip ; nlao, The W'orka tf Sir Darid iVilki, illm. in\ted with thirty-threo engraving drawn !r in tho original by It. f-lucuU; nho, Pitman' Phono graphic reichcr, nnd a shorthand eopv book. From Mr. M. is. Hutchinson, a notation of the publicatioiiN or Moats, \\\\. and U. Oh&tiihera;, comprising The Cotter HSuiurdau A\'i<jht ami The. Two hv Burns' wiku a fife of thuantnorand note; the lard of th» Jfito, canto the lxtb, by Sir Wader Scott, with life and noioe ; Chmtcor'ri The CUrhe'n Tale, Accompanied b.v grammar notes ami an etymological glossary, and ShMiapeare' pjuy of As fou IAke It, wtth notes, examination paper, and plan of preparation auk joined. 