\-- ll,,il"7Vl "I SAY NO;"" OR, THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED. By WILKIE COLLINS. The Right of Translation is Reserved, i BOOK THE FIRST — AT SCHOOL. Chapter I. — The Smuggled sunnm Outside the bedroom the night was blaok and still. The small rain fell too softly to be heard in the garden ; not a leaf stirred in the airless calm ; the watchdog was asleep, the oats were indoors — far or near, under Ihe murkv heaven, not a soand was stirring. Inside the bedroom the night was blaok and still. Miss Ladd knew her business as a school mistress too well to allow night- lights ; and Misb Ladd's young ladies were supposed to be fast asleep, in accordance with the rules of the house. Only at intervals the silence was faintly disturbed, when the restless turn ing of one of the girls in her bed betrayed itBelf by a gjentle rustling between the sheets. In the long intervals of stillness, not even the softly audible breathing of young creatures asleep was to be heard. The first sound that told of life and move ment revealed the mechanical movement of the clock. Speaking from the lower regions, the tongue of Father Time . told the hour before.midnight. A soft voice rose wearily near the door of the room. Is counted the strokes of the clock, and reminded one of the girls of the lapse of time. Emily— eleven o'clock !' There was no reply. After an interval the weary voice tried again, in louder tones. 1 Emily !' A girl whose bed was at the inner end of the room sighed under the heavy heat of the night, and said, in peremptory tones. cIe that Cecilia V ' Yes.' ' What do you want V 1 I'm getting hungry, Emily. Is the new girl asleep V The new girl answered, promptly and spite fully, ' No, she isn't.' Having a private object of their own in view, the five wise virgins of Miss Ladd's first class had waited an hour, in wakeful anticipa tion of the falling asleep of the stranger — and it had ended in this way 1 A ripple of laughter ran round the room. The new girl, mortified and offended, entered her protest in plain words. ' You are treating me shamefully ! Ycu all distrust me, because I am a stranger.' 'Say we don't understand you,' Emily answered, speaking for her schoolfellows ; ' and you will be nearer the truth.' 'Who expected you to understand me, when I only came here to-day ? I have told you already my name is Francine de Sor. If you want to know more, I'm nineteen years old, and I come from the West Indies.' Emily still took the lead. ' Why do you come here ?' she asked. ' Whoever heard of a girl joining a new school just before the holidays ? You are nineteen years old, are you ? I'm a year younger than you — and I have finished my education. The next big girl in the room is a year younger than me — and she has finished her education. What can you possibly have left to learn at your age?' ' Everything 1' cried the stranger from the West Indies, with an outburst of tears. ' I'm a poor ignorant creature. Your education ought to have taught you to pity me instead of making fun of me. I hate you all. For shame, for shame !' Some of the girls laughed. One of them — the hungry girl who had counted the strokes of the olook — took Francine's part. 1 Never mind their laughing, Miss de Sor. Yon are quite right ; you have good reason to complain of us.' ' Miss de Sor dried her eyes. ' Thank you —Whoever you axe,' she answered briskly. ' My name is Cecilia Wyvil,' the other proceeded. 'It was not, perhaps, quite nice of you to say you hated ns all. At the same time, we have forgotten oor good breeding — and the leatt we can do is to beg your pardon.' This expression of generous sentiment ap peared to have an irritating effect on the peremptory young persbn who took the lead m the room. Perhaps she disapproved of free trade in generous sentiment. ' I nan tell you one thing, Cecilia,' she said ; 'yoti shan't beat me in generosity. Strike a ligh% one of you, and lay the blame on me if Misb Ladd finds us out, I Mean to shake hands with the new girl — The proprietors of " The Weekly Times " have pur chased the rigat of publishing this now! in Yictona. M and how can I do it in the dark ? Miss de i Sor, my name's Brown, and I'm queen of the ! bedroom. I — not Cecilia — offer our apologies if we have offended you. Cecilia is my dearest friend, but I don t alio v her to take the lead in the room. Oh, what a lovely night-gown !' The sudden flow of the oandlelight had revealed Francine, sitting up in her bed, and displaying such treasures of real lace over her bosom that the queen lost all sense of royal dignity in irrepressible admiration. ' Seven and sixpence,' Emily remarked, look ing at her own nightgown, and despising it. One after another, the girls yielded to the attraction of the wonderful lace. Slim and plump, fair and dark, they circled round the new pupil in their flowing white robea, and arrived by common consent at one and the same conclusion : ' How rich her father must be !' Favoured by fortune in the matter of money, was this enviable person possessed of beauty as well ? In the disposition of the beds, Miss de Sor was placed between Cecilia on the right hand, and Emily on the left. If, by some fantastic turn of events, a man — say, in the interests of propriety, a married doctor, with Miss Ladd to look after him — had been permitted to enter the room, and had been asked whit he thought of the girls when he came out, he would not even have mentioned Francine. Blind to the beauties of the expansive nightgown, he would have noticed her long upper lip, her obstinate chin, her sallow complexion, her eyes placed too close together — and would have turned his attention to her nearest neighbours. Ou one side, his lauguid ..interest would have been instantly roused -by£«Geoilia's glowing auburn hair, her exquisitely pure skin, and her tender blue Eyes. On the other, he would have discovered a bright little creature, who would have fascinated and perplexed him at one and the same time. If lie had been questioned about her by a stranger, he would have been at a loss to say positively whether she was dark or light. He would have remembered how her eyes had held him, but he would not have known of what colour they were. And yet, she would have remained a vivid picture in his memory when other impres sions, derived at the same time, had vanished. 'There was one little witch among them, who was worth all the rest put together ; and I can't tell you why. They oalled her Emily. If I wasn't a married man— — ' There, he would have thought of his wife, and would have sighed and Baid no more. While the girls were still admiring Francine, the clock struck the half-hour past eleven. Cecilia stole on tiptoe to the door — looked out, and listened — closed the door again — and addressed the meeting with the irresis tible charm of her sweet voice and her persuasive smile. ' Are none of you hurgry yet ?' she inquired. 'The teachers are safe ia their rooms; we have set ourf elves right with Francine. Why keep the supper waiting under Emily's bed?' Such reaeoning as this, with such personal attractions to recommend it, admitted of but one reply. The queen waved her hand graciously, and said. ' Pall it out.' Is a lovely girl — whose faoe possesses the crowning charm of expression, whose slightest movement reveals the supple symmetry of her figure— less lovely because she is blessed with a good appetite, and is not aehamed to acknowledge it ? With a grace all her own, Cecilia dived under the bed, and produced a basket of jam tarts, a basket of fruit and sweetmeata, a basket of sparkling lemonade, and a superb cake — all paid for by general subscription, and smuggled into the room by kind connivance of the servants. Ou this occasion, the feast was especially plentiful and expensive in commemoration, not only of the arrival of the midsummer holidays, but of the coming freedom of Miss Ladd'3 two leading young ladies. With widely different destinies before them, Emily and Cecilia had completed their school life, and were now to go out into the world. The contrast in the characters of the two girls showed itself, even in such a trifle as the preparations for supper. Gentle Cecilia, sitting on the floor sur rounded by good things, left it to the in genuity of others to decide whether the baskets should be all emptied at once, ur handed round from bed to bed, one at a time. In the meanwhile, her lovely blue eyes rested tenderly on the tarts. Emily's com manding spirit seized on the reigns of govern ment, and employed each of her school fellows in the occupation which she was fittest to undertake. ' Miss de Sor, let me look at your hand. Ah ! I thought so. You have got the thickest wrist among us ; you shall draw the corks. If you let the lemonade pop, not a drop goes down your throat. Efiie, Annie, Priscilla, you are three notoriously lazy girls ; it's doing you a true kindness to set you to work. Effie, clear the toilette-table for supper; away with the combs, the brushes, and the looking-glass. Annis, tear up that old newspaper, and set the pieces out neatly for dishes and plates. No ; I'll unpaok; nobody touches the baskets butme. Priscilla, you have the ptetest ears in the room. You shall act as sentinel, my dear, and listen at the door. Cecilia, when you have done devouring those tarts with your eyes, take chat pair of scissors (Miss de Sor, allow me to apologise for the mean manner in which this school is carried on ; the kuives and forks ara counted and locked up every night) I say take that pair of sciesars, Cecilia, and carve the cake, and don't keep the largest bit for yourself. Are we all ready? Very well. Now take example by me. Talk as much as you like, so long as you don't talk too loud. ThSre is one other thing before we begin. The men always propose toasts on these occasions ; let's be like the men. Can any of you make a epeech ? Ah, it falls on me, as usual. I propose the first toast. Down with all schools and teachers — especially tbe new teacher, who came this half-year. Oh, mercy, how it stings!' The fixed gas in the lemonade took the orator at that moment by the throat, and effectually checked the flow of her eloquence. It made no difference to the girls. Excepting the case of feeble stomachs, who oares for elo quence in th9 presence of a supper-table ? There were no feeble stomachs in that bed room. With what inexhaustible energy Miss Ladd's young ladies ate and drank ! How merrily they enjoyed the delightful privilege of talking nonsense ! And — alas ! alas ! — how vainly they tried, in after life, to renew the once nnalloyed enjoyment of tarts and lemonade ! In the unintelligible schema of creation, there appears to be no hnmau liapoiness — not even the happiness of sohool girls — which is ever oomplete. Just as it was draw ing to a close, the enjoyment of the feast was interrupted by an alarm from the sentinel at the door. ' Pat out the candle !' Priscilla whispered. ' Somebody on the Btairs.' Chapter II. — Biography in the BedrooSi. The candle was instantly extinguished. In discreet silenoe the girls stole back to their beds, and listened. As an aid to the vigilance of the sentinel, the door had been left ajar. Through the narrow opening, a creaking of the broad wooden stairs of the old house became audible. In another moment there was silence. An interval passed, and the creaking was heard again. This time, the sound was distant and diminishing. On a sudden it stopped. The midnight silence was disturbed no more. What did this mean ? Had one among the many persons in authority under Miss Ladd's roof heard the girls talking, and ascended the stairs to surprise them in the. act of violating one of the rules of tbe house ? So far, such a pro ceeding was by no means uncommon. But was it within the limits of probability that a teacher should alter her opinion of her own duty half-way up the stairs, and deliberately go hack to hsr room again ? The bare idea of such a thing was absurd on the face of it. What more rational explanation could ingenuity discover on the spur oE the moment. Francine was the first to offer a suggestion. She shook and shivered in her bed, and said, ' For Heaven's sake, light the candle again ! It's a ghost.' ' Clear away the supper, you fools, before the ghost can report us to Miss Ladd.' With this excellent advice Emily checked the rising panic. The door was dosed, the candle was lit, all traces of the supper disap peared. For five minuteB more they listened again. No sound oame from the stairs ; no teacher, or ghost of a teacher, appeared at the door. Having eaten her supper, Cecilia's im mediate anxieties were at an end ; she was at leisure to exert her intelligence for the benefit of her schoolfellows. In her gentle, ingratiat ing way, she offered a composing suggestion. 1 When we heard the creaking, I don't believe there was anybody on the stairs. In these old houses there are always strange noises at night — and they say the stairs here were made more than two hundred years since.' The girls looked at each other with a sense of relief, but they waited to hear the opinion of the queen. Emily, as usual, justi fied the confidence placed in her. She dis covered an ingenious method of putting Cecilia's suggestion to the test. Let's go on talking,' she said. ' If Cecilia Is right, the teachers are all asleep, and we have nothing to fear from them. If she's wrong, we shall sooner or later see one of them at the door. Don't be alarmed. Miss de Sor. Catching us talking at night, in this school, only means a reprimand. Catching us with a light ends in punishment. Blow out the candle.' _ Francine's belief in the ghost was too sincerely superstitions to be shaken. She started up in bed. ' Oh, don't leave me in the dark ! I'll take the punishment, if we are fonnd out.' ' On your saored word of honour ?' Emily stipulated. Yes — yes ! The queen's sense of humonr was tickled. There's something funny,' she remarked, addressing her subjects, in a big girl like this coming to a new school, and beginning with a punishmeat. May I ask if you are a foreigner, Miss de Sor ?' 'My papa is a Spanish gentleman.' Francine answered with dignity, 4 And your mamma ?' 7 — — — - ' My mamma is English/ ' And yon have always lived in the West Indies ?' -I have always lived in the island of San DomiDgo.' Emily checked off on her fingers the different points thus far discovered in the character of Mr. de Sor'e daughter. ' She's ignorant, and superstitions, and foreign, and rich. My dear (forgive the familiarity), you are an interesting girl — and we must really know more of you. Entertain the bedroom. What have you been about all your life ? And what, in the name of wonder, brings yon here ? Stop ! Before yon begin, I insist on one condition, in the name of all the young ladies in the room. No useful information about tbe West Indies !' Francine disappointed her audience. She was ready enough to make herself an object of interest to her companions ; bnt she was not possessed of the capacity to arrange events in their proper order, necessary to the recital of the simplest narrative. Emily was obliged to help her, by means of questions. In one respect, the result justified the trouble taken to obtain it. A sufficient reason was discovered ior the extraordinary appearance of a new pupil, on the day before the school closed for the holidays. Mr. de Sors social position at San Domingo had- been (to use his daughter's words) the position of ' a small planter— too poor to send to France or England for a governess/ The mother's health was delicate ; and the mother's interest centred in her only other child — a son, born in the later years of her married life. From first to last, Francine (in her own opinion) had been shamefully neglected. Six months since, tbe prospects of the family had changed for the better, 00 the death of a bachelor relative. Mr. de Sor'a brother had left him one of the finest estates in San Domingo, and a fortune in money as well ; on the one easy condition that he oontinned to reside in tbe island. The question of expense btng now beneath the notice of the family, Francine had been sent to England, specially recom mended to Misa Ladd as a young lady with grand prospects sorely in need of a fashion able education. The voyage had been so timed, by advice of the schoolmistress, as to make the holidays a means of obtaining this object privately. Francine was to be taken to Brighton, where excellent masters could he obtained to assist Miss Ladd. With six weeks before her, she might in some degree make up for lost time ; and, when the sohool opened again, Bhe wonld avoid the mortifica tion of being put down in tbe lowest class, along with the children. The examination of Misa de Sor having pro duced these results, was pursued no further. Her character now appeared in a new, and not very attractive, light. She andaoionsly took to herself the whole credit of telling her story. 'I think it's my torn now,' she said, 4 to be interested and amused. May I ask you to begin, Miss Emily, All I know of you at present is that your family name is Brown/ Emily held hp her hand fer silenoe. Was the mysterious creaking on the staira making itself heard once more?: No. Tha sound that had caught Emily's quiok ear came from the beds on the opposite side of the room, occupied by the three lazy girls. With no new alarm to disturb them, Effie, Annis, and Priscilla had yielded to the com posing influences of a good, supper and a warm night. They were fast asleep — and the fattest of the three (softly, as became a young lady) was snoring ! The unblemished reputation of the bed- zoom was dear to Emily, in her capacity of queen. She felt herself humiliated in the presenoe of the new pupil. ' If that girl ever gets a sweetheart,' Bhe said indignantly, 'I shall ooneider it my duty to warn the poor man before he marries her. Her ridiculous name is Euphemia. I have christened her (far more appropriately) ' Boiled Ve&I.; No colonr in her hair, no colour in her eyes, no colonr in her com plexion. In short, no flavour in Enphemia. You naturally object to snoring. Pardon mo ' if I turn my back on yon — I am going to throw my slipper at her.' The soft voice of Cecilia— suspiciously drowsy in tone— interposed in the interests of meroy. 'She can't help it, poor thing; and hfl really isn't loud enough to disturb ns.' ' She won't disturb you , at any rate ! Rouse yourself, Cecilia. We are wide awake on this side of the room — and Fianoins lays it's our turn to amuse her.' . A. low murmur, dying away gently in a sigh, was the only answer. Sweet Cecilia had yielded to the somnolent influence of the supper and the night. The aoft infeation of repose seemed to. be in some danger of communicating itself to Francine. Her largo mouth opened in a long- continued yawn. 1 Good night ! said Emily. Miss de Sor became wide awake in an instant. No,' she said, positively; ' yoam quite mistaken if yon think I sm going to sleep. Please exert yourself, Mibs Emuy— Tam wait ing to be interested.' , v J Emily aopeared to he unwilling to exert herself. She became interested in the weather. - . ' Isn't the wind rising ?' she eaid- There could be no doubt of it. The leaved \ . ! 1 - ... — , . -= \- in the garden were beginning to rastie, and the pattering of the rain sounded cn the windows. Franohine (as her straight chin proclaimed to all students of physiognomy) was an obstinate girl. Determined to carry her .point, she tried Emily's own Eyetem on Emily herself — she put questions. Have you been long at this echool?' ' More than three years.' Have you got any brothers and sisters.1 ' I am an only ohild.' Are your father and mother alive V Emily suddenly raised herself in her bed : 4 Wait a minute,' she said ; 4 I think I hear it again.' 4 The creaking on the stairs V Yes.' Either she was mistaken, or the change for the worse in the weather made it not easy to hear slight noises in the house. The wind was still rising. The passage of it through the great trees in the garden bcg&n; to sound like the fall of waves on a distant beach. I: drove the rain — a heavy downpour by thiB time— rattling againit the windows. Almost a storm, isn't it?' Etn»ly said. Fraccine's last question had not been answered yet. She took the earliest opportu nity of repeating it : Never mind the weather.' she said. Tell me about your father aud mother. Are they both alive?' Emily's reply only related to one of her parents. 4 My mother died before I was old euougn to feel my loss 5 And your ratner r Emily referred to another relative --her father's sister. 4 Since I have grown up.' se proceeded, my good aunt has been a second mother to me. My story is, in one respect, the reverse of yours. You are unexpectedly rich ; and I am unexpectedly poor. My auDt's fortune was to have been my fortune, if 1 outlived her. She has been ruined by the failure of a bank. In her old age, she must live on an iuoome of a hundred a year — and i must get my own living when I leave school.' Surely your father can help you ?' Fran cine persisted. His property is landed property.' Her voice faltered, as she referred to him. even iu that indirect manner. It is entailed ; his nearest male relative inherits it.' The delicacy which is easily discouraged was not one of the weaknesses in the natore of Francme. 'Do I understand tbat your father is. dead ?' sbe asked. Our thick-skinned fellow creatures have the reet of us at their mercy : only give them time, and they carry their point in the end. In sad, subdued tones— telling of deeply- rooted reserves of fe=hng, seldom revealed to strangers — Emily yielded at last. Yes,' she said, 4 my father is dead.' 'Long ago?' 4 Some people might think it long ago. I war. ery fond of my father. It's nearly four yp i since he died, and my heart still aches \v.<en I think of bim. I'm not easily depressed by troubles, Misa de Sor. Bat hie death was sudden — he was in his grave when I first heard of it — and Oh, he was so good to me ; he was so good to me !' irne gay, nign-spiruea inue creature, wiiu took the lead among them all — who was the life and soul of the school— hid her face in her hands, and burst out crying. Startled aud — to do her justice — ashamed, Francine attempted to make excuses. Emily's generous nature. passed over the cruel persis tency that bad tortured her. ' No, no ; I bave nothing to forgive. It isn't your fault. Other girls have got mothers and brothers and sisters— and get reconciled to such a loss as mine. Don't make excuses.' ' Yes, but I want you to know that I feel for you,' Francine insisted, without the slightest approach to sympathy in face, voice, or manner. 'When my uncle died, \- and left us all the money, papa was much shocked. He trusted to time to help him.' Time has been long about it with mo, Francine. I am afraid there is something perverse in my nature ; the hope of meeting again in a better world seems so faint and so far away. No more of it now ! Let us talk iof that good creature who is asleep on the other side of you. Did I tell you that ' I must earn my own bread when I ;---1 leave school? Well, Cecilia has written home and found an employment for me. Not a situation as governess — something : quits ont of the common way. You shall hear \- all about it.' : > In the brief interval that had passed the weather bad begun to ohange again. The ' wind was as high as evet ; bet, to judge by the lessening patter on the windows, the rain was passing away. Emily began. She was too grateful to her friend and " rcboubellow. and too dvepiy interested in her Htory, to notice the air of indifference with which Francine seitied herself on her pillow ir. to hear the praises of Caciiia. The too-t beautiful girl in tbe school was not an object of interest to a young lady with an obstinate ; t::. chin, and unfortunately-placed eyes. Pour- ; ing warm from the speaker's heart the story :T ran smoothly on, to the monotonous accom paniment of tbe moaning wind. By fine ; . degrees,- Francine's eyes closed, opened, and ; ; closed again. Towards the latter part of tbe ' narrative Emily's me.-nory became, for the v . ;. moment only. confused between two events. \ t-"- She stopped to consider — noticed Fran cine's . silence, in an interval when she might have : i said a word of encouragement — and looked ;' ' . closer at her. Miss de Sor was asleep. 1 She might have told me she was tired,' r-v Emily said to herself quietly. Well ! the ; ' : Uf'' ybest thing I can do is to put out the light ant follow her example.' .. As she took up the extinguisher, the bed- " room door was suddenly opened from the outer side. A tall woman, robed in a black !"?-=. ' dressing-gown! stood on the threshold, looking \- at Emily. , - . (to be continued.) j J WiSB folly. — 4 4 For tea years my wife vaS confined , 1 to her bed with such a complication of ailments that -v no could tell what was the matter, or cure her, and I used up a small fortune in humbug stuff, Six months ago I saw 'art American flag with Hop Bitters on it, and I thought I wouid be a fool once more. I tried it, but my folly proved to be wisdom. Two bottles cured her, she is now as well and strong as any mall's wife, and it cost me only two dollars. ' — H. \Y., Detroit, Mich. Kcad advt. 