ANECDOTES OF OUIN. Quin, who stood at the head of his prosossion ?until the appearance of Garrick, was a native of ? Ireland. Quin understood the art of gook living. His constant allusions to the pleasures of the table; to the merits of well- hung vension, and the deli cious flavour of John Dories, were merely pleas ant, intentional, and ostentatious affections .just as was his remarks when he first saw Westminster Bridge : ' Oh, that my mouth were that centre arch, and that the river ran claret V' When Thompson, theauthorof 'the Seasons,' was confined in a spunging-house for the debt of £70, Qnin went to see him. 'I have come to sup with you,' said Quin, ' and, as I suppose it would be inconvenient to have a supper dressed here, I took the1 liberty of ordering one at the tavern hard by, and I; have brought a half dozen of claret by way of prelude.' Supper over, the actor said : 'It is now time we should .balance accounts. ,, The pleasure I have had in perusing your works I cannot estimate at less than one hundred pounds, and I insist on now acquitting the debt.' Saying which, he placed a note on the table and departed. Travelling with his friend Ryan in Wiltshire, Quin alighted and an inn; and was told by the landlord that, his house being full, he could offer' them no bedroom save one which was haunted. ' The very thing,' cried Quin. ' Let us have supper in the haunted room ; and bring us a bottle of your best.' ..,..-/? The meal dispatched, Qnin drew his pistols, charged them, and called for more wine. ' Now,' said he ' we are prepared ; let the ghost come when he list.' Midnight sounded, bnt no ghost appeared ; but, shortly after, a rumbling noise was heard in the chimney, and a tall figure, attired in custom ary white and flowing garments, descended, made two or three gestures, but offered no spiritual violence. Quin took up a pistol, 'and cried : - .- ' ' Angels and ministers of graco, look here. Mr. Ghost, I am speaking to you; and, if yon do not this instant acknowledge yourself to bo one of the human species, I'll make a ghost of you in earnest !' The apparition fell upon his kneos, and ex plained that he was the master of tho adjoining house, and had contrived an opening in. the chimney in order to terrify the landlord, and prevail upon him to quit the house, that he, tho ghost, might see his own name swing upon tho sign-post. Tho spectre was immediately com pelled to drink a bumper, tho host ivas sum moned, and the unfortunate apparition was com pelled to leave tho neighbourhood. Cardinal Manning preached at the Brompton Oratory on July 6 in aid of the construction of harbours of refuge around the British coasts. His Eminence, as reported in an English'1 paper, said : — ' The British wore tho most seafaring nation in tho world. We were of Scandinavian origin, and naturally a race of sailors. ? Our navy he believed to be equal to any two in existence. Our traditions were full of wondrous maritime exploits. No shores were more dangerous than those of England, through rocks and treacherous sands, and those terrible winds from the north, east, and west, tho south-east and south- west especially: Along the most dangerous parts of our east coast, from the mouth o^the Thames to the north of Scotland, 400 miles, harbours of refuge, where ships could run for safety in storms, were few and far between. Athouiiand lives were lost every year by storms . upon our coasts, while nearly one thousand were saved by the noble lifeboat service. It might be said that the Government should provide those harbours of refuge. The French Government was already constructing harbours of refuge twenty-seven miles apart around their coasts, and it was only tho apathy of our nation to this necessity which prevented our doing likewise.' ..'.' My .friends,' said a returned missionary at one of their anniversary mootings, ' let us avoid sectarian bitterness. The iuh'aljit,anta of Hindo stan, whore I havp boon labouring for many years, have a proverb that ' though you batho a dog's tail in oil and bind it in, splints, yet you cannot get the crook out of it.' Now, a man's sectarian bias is simply tho crook in tho dog's tail, which cannot be eradicated ;and I hold that everyone should be allowed to wag his own pecu liarity in peace.' A lion tamer has a quarrel with his wifo, a powerful vigaro, who chasod him all over tho tent. Feoling her nails on him, and. seeing no other place of rufugo, ho makos a rush into tho lion's cago ! ' Coward !' screams his better half. ' Como out of that, you coward. !' The Marquis do Calinaux to his son : ' I am not rich, my son, because your mother was very 