N orthuznberland. Fjsbbuabt The question of alleged extortionate fees for burials of the dead? in the Sandgate general cemetery, and for Mhcr services in con nection with interments, preservation of tU'ff graves, &c.t; lias formed a topic for very angry discussion in the effy and district for some time past. This culminated ia a monster puMib meeting at the Protectant Hall on Thursday evening last to Consider the-' * question from a public point of view. The meeting was tolled by advtrtisement, signed by about 20 of the leading citfs»»6 off various denominations. Tbe chair was taken by the mayor (Mr^ 8\. Keightley). Mr. N. B. Wallace, J.P., moved, ' Ttiat t&ib-; meeting is of opinion that the regulations for burial in Sandgate' Cemetery and the scale of fees chargeable thereunder require re vision, especially inose portions winch place restrictions on the planting of trees and shrubs amj the crection of tombs, monu ments, and other matters, and impose fees 'ior complying with the regulations, and for erection of memorials tor the dead.' In. doing 60 be pointed out many alleged anomalies that existed in- the management for charging fees, which were considered by the* general public to be extortionate. This was seconded Iiy Mr. C, B. Ranchland. The Kcv. Canon Selwyn, as one of the trustees oS the Church of England, pointed out that the latter were onfy re sponsible to the members of that denomination, and that otberc were the same to their own Church, and not to the'gencral public. One part of the Cemetery was set apart for persons of no de nomination, the reBt was divided amongst nine bodies, which were represented by 41 trustees, including three for the portion set apart for the general public. He maintained that .the fees were optional after payment of the interment fee, and that nobody need incur the expense ualess they liked. Messrs. H. J. Brown, Alderman Creer, Rev. C. 8. V. Price, C. M. Ranchland, Major Bolton, Rev. W. Hill, D. A. Rodgers followed, nearly all denouncing tho t&aiges.; Alderman Creer, as one of the trustees of the publio portion', said he would never charge one penny for extra service in ornamenting the graves, and the motion was carried unani mously. Mr. Burnage then moved—' That Messrs. F. Gardner and C. M. Ranolaud be requested tc act as joint secretaries, and to communicate the resolution just passed to the trustees of the cemetery, with a view to obtain the concessions sought for, and to report the result at an early date.' This was seconded by Mr. J. N. Wilson and carried nem con. The proceedings then terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. Since thi% an advertisement, signed by a majority of the trustees, has appeared, calling a meeting of that body in the Council-chambers on the 11th instant, to consider the resolution submitted to them. The general opinion is that most of the trustees will reduce the fees.. » very interesting gathering took place at Adamstown on Thnr»/lay last, the occasion being the laying of the four corner sttfnft» ot tbe new Primitive Methodist Church' in that township. 5t ba§ amei been con«dered sufficient to nelebrate this kind of PftttMottr J» 'laying' one foundation stone; but this time four stoilt® WfeWlau?' a?d eaSh a lad3'- The day was intensely hot US' in the$h#de; l)utJbere was a large gathering of people ESthlfrom AM *the dl8trict.!tbe Revs. G. James, li. C. -c B J /, W'1 J- Williams (ot Quecns in dimension With ttfo eiags j''1 healthily situated near Iff* Ftfblfc school proceedings commenced with singing and after wh MtMte, f ? stone. Rev. E. C* Pntctfafdrfati^EriTlrtefidefit Ot Nn««^cVi \ +n * introduced Mrs. J. C. Ellis (Wife erf tKe Mfember for ^ewcastle) to the meeting to lay the next corner ijtone. In doing go, ». , 3,^ had known Mrs. £llis as a consistent Chrlstiatf laldry for akftt. ,n 13 years. Mrs. Ellis, who experienced a warm reception, a few remarks before commencing her task. She strid she felt ifr a ' great compliment in being in'vited to take part in that interesting ceremony, especially as she was qot a member of the JrimiUvj? Methodist Church. They were all, however, trying tor go the! same road, although their forms of worship might slightly 6i8er. Sh6 sincerely congratulated the Primitive Methodist community' of Adamstown on their energy in tbe good cause, which migb? well be emulated by other denominations. ' That ceremony prove# what might be done by united action, and a desire to aid in a good and righteous cause for the honour and glory of God. She regretted very much the enforced absence of Mr. Ellison account of his Parliamentary duties, but he wished her to assure the meeting that his warmest sympathies were with them. She had no fear of their success, aud expressed ' a hope that their new church would soon be free from debt. She then performed the ceremony, deolaring the stone well and trolly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Mrs. Ellis* then presented the superintendent of the circuit with a very handsome pulpit Bible, expressing a hope that its contents would! become a blessing to many. Mrs. D. M'Michael and Mrs. E. C. Pritchard then laid the other two stones. Three cheers were given for Messrs. Ellis, Fletcher, Melville, and Tighe, and the ceremony was concluded with prayer. It was stated tbat_£200 had already been subscribed, and £75 10s. was collected ca tha spot. A tea and public meeting was afterwards held with greatt success, upwards of 500 persons partaking of the tea, apd double that number being present at the public meeting. Apologies were: read for the unavoidable absence of the city and county members, both at the ceremony and at the publio meeting, whictn was addressed by the rev. gentlemen above mentioned, andi which, on account of its magnitude, was held in the open air, the - tea being held in tbe old church. Altogether the proceedings werc^ highly successful, and will long be remembered as a red letter day in the annals of Adamstown. The question of the Hunter River water supply has again been loudly agitated, owing to the continued drought. On Wednesday Mr. Trevor Jones,' the Sydney City En gineer (who has been permitted by the Sydney Municipal Council to assist the Newcastle aldermen in, matters connected with the laying down pipes for the delivery of the water when it does come), interviewed the Newcastle borough council and re ported progress. Three schemes of drainage had also been sub mitted for his perusal and report. The piping he guaranteed could all be laid down at the citizens' doors within 15 or 16 months from the present date, and as the resident engineer had promised, the Government would have their part of thegwork ready in about that time there would appear nothing to prevent the longex pected boon being abundantly poured forth by the date specified. Home of the aldermen, however, warned by previous disappoint ments, audibly expressed their doubts, and one veteran bluntly stated that if they got the water supply completed in 60 months instead of 16 they would be lucky. With regard to the drainage. Mr. Jones disapproved of the systems proposed, and gave- Ms opinion that two separate systems would oe required, one for the closet soil and one for the storm water. He is to send inihiw. official report upon the whole matter. Last week I had unfortunately to refer to the unlucky chapter of accidents and misfortunes that had , occurred on the Sunday previous. To this last must now be added for the past week some more distressing casualties. On Wednesday a young fireman-, named Stokes, employed on the railway near Waratah, lost his life by being pitched off the engine through some hlundec-in not. properly dosing the points. He had only been employed two days before. On Thursday a poor', fellow, a. miner at the Co operative Colliery, named Thomas Smith, was crushed to death by an Immense mass of coal falling upon' him. His mate, 'Williami Hepplewhite, had a very narrow escape, being knocked down and severely injured at the same time. He is still Buffering from the' effects of the crash, but Smith died instantaneously, pieces of: his skull having been forced into the brain. Oh the 6ame day,, early in the morning, a young fellow named Bedford was drowned off Redhead, after having been tossed about with his mate, Cruise, in an open boat, winch capsized twice, for more than 24 hours. Cruise was flung upon the rocks, but managed to crawl back to Newcastle; the body of Bedford was never recovered. On the morning of Thursday a fire broke out in Hunter-street, New castle, doing damage to the extent of £3000. Fortunately no lives were lost. The particulars of this your readers have already received. No satisfactory cause of the fire has yet been ascer tained. On Friday a navvy employed at the railway works near Charlestown and Hillsborough, named Daniel Roberts, dropped down deadin Wilson's Hotel in that vicinity, and to-day (Mon day), as 1 write, news is just brought me that another sudden death has just taken place in Newcastle, the deceased being an old man named Hollingswortb. In addition to these fatalities, there have been several miner accidents, A miner named Robert Sinclair was nearly killed on Monday in the Wallsend Colliery ; Edward Griffiths, an overseer, had his leg smashed under a skip on Wednesday,- and a miner at Minmi had his thighs severely injured on the same day. The rain still holds off, and whatever is to become of the dis trict heaven only knows. _ It is truly agonising to see the indescribable misery in the district over the want of water. The pits have been working steadily all the week. 