GIEL GRADUATES. Tits following articlo appears in tho South Auttralian Chronicle ot the 23rd August;— ' In a recont numbor of ono of tho illustrated papors th sre appeared a picture representing a ijow vorsioD of 'Town and Gown.' The old version will be familiar to our roadors from their recollections of tto advontures of Mr. v oraant ixrccn ur ul xum .crown bl uxiora. Ilio now version dopicts a couple of fair girls, 9no dreBsed in tio nowest fashion from Paris, tho othor clad in an academic robe, and with what boys cull a ' mortar board' on hor head. Xhcy are both very protty girls, but vorily tho prottior toco of tho two is that which is under the trencher. What would an old univoi sity don of lust century havo thought could ho havo looked down tho ages and Been Buoh a development of his- venerable acadomio customs P Such an invasion of time-honoured precedent is enough to awaken tho slumber ing worthies of ancient Oxford from their final rost and call forth their attonished ghosts to protest against tho mad doingB of this busy century. If ono of tboso old conservative scholars did como to lifo again ho would find that a real revolution was going on in thiB mat ter of female education over tho whole world. If, frightened out of tinglaod, he took flight to England's colonicB, ho would find that Mydney had among its robed student?, young ladies as well as young gentlemen ; that in Now Zealand a bachelor's degroo was not deemed inconsis tent with moidon modesty ; and that tho rooms of tho new University of Adolaido were frequented by numorous fair candidates for academic learning. Doubtless after he got used to tho novel idea of attaching the titles- of doctor, master, and bachelor, to the names of ladies, he would come to see that the change was a good one, and was not only an act of jus tico to womankind, but was likely to be helpful to the caueo of learning ; and on going baok to his hoo.e in the crjpt of some old cathedral' would wish tho new method all success. At all events we hope ho would be open to the logio of facts. 'It is surprising bow quickly and yet how quietly this revolution is taking plaoe. When Tounyson in his youthful poem-of the PrinceBs coined the phrase, ' Sweet girl graduatts with their golden hair,' the whole poem waB deemed' a playful satire upen an impracticable whim. A satire it was, but whether written in jest or in earnest that poem' ha» had no small share in popularising tho idea' that the higher walks of culture oucht to bo no- freely open to women as to men. Its deep truth that ' woman is not undeveloped man, bat diver«o ' remains un moved, but it is now- seen that the highest education is not hostile- to the graces of the feminine character, but may become its choicest adornment. This movement has not boes- without its- opponents. They were wont to say at first that it did1 not make muoh matter, as the feminine mind, by its very con stitution, would never bo able to advance into the rsgionB of difficult thought!, and could not climb the Alpine heights of learning. Qhe goodly batch of graduates- that from time to timo have come forward to receive their de grees has shown that those predictions were not correct, and the fact' that many of these girl graduates have been proudly clad in gowns made by their own fingers, und wrought out by their own- sewing machines,- has- made it plain that classics and mat.hematics-oro not necessarily hostile to tho needle or the- thimble. When thes« criticB found that girls- ooald study, and could obtain degrees, they ohanged their argu ment and said that they would1 never win the highest places of honour, that girls might take an ordinary degree, but would never win the gold modala or the scholarships, or anything analogous to the coveted distinction of being an Oxford ' double first,' or a Cambridge Bonior ''wrangler.' Time wilt show. This question -must be Bubmitted' to the logio of ovpnts. In tho-meantimo we gnlhoi-a-fow interesting facts on ? Shis' question from ai recent English paper. It waa or.ly in 1878 ??that Lord Gran ville announced that the University of London was about to open its doors to-women, and the number of those who have obtained the honour able distinction of B.A. or - B.So is already more than forty. To these tnuat' be added the Btudento-of Girton and Newnhnm. ' who have gained equal honours in the Cambridge triposes, though they are not formally admitted to degrees.'' We are told, too, that no fewer than sixty young women are nows&cdying; at Owen's College, JHJanchester. 3 here has not yet been timnfor any facts to accumulate concerning the highest degrees but we Cud that a certain Miss Mary O. Dawes, who won. cons cerable distinction at Girton, has gained the M.A. degree in claeaicsin the Londoni University. This young lodyoccupiosauniqueporitioninKngland. She is thiB first and only female ' Master of Arts' in the kingdom. She has n3'oompeor on her throne,' She has, however, arrival who occu pies a neighbouring height ci 'solitary grandeur. In the name list in which Master- Dawes' name is found appears among the doctor* of science the name of Sophia Bryant: This- degree is acknowledged to be one of the most difficult of attainment, and ib consequently very highly prized.-, 'She aspirant solectedi as- her special branch mental and r?ioral. ooianco, whioh includes- a ' thorough and poetical knowledge ' of psychology, logic, a-d otiics, and a 'general acquaintance with the physiology of the ner vouo . ay Btein and organs of sense in man and othe?.nnizaals, and with the history of philo sophy, political philosophy* and political eccuomy. This is a pretty. tough, mountain to climb) implying as it do:-»-a fair acquaintance with.- both ancient and modern. languages. The record-of- her progress taUs-us- that she gained mathematical honours at the- B.So-. degree in 1882; 13' that her scholas&dpmust; bo of a very varied character. 'We do not know arjj thing about these ;ladios:. bo that if any of ? our readers like to. talktirreverently about jow undesirable it is to, cultiraie the race of ' bluo- stockings' we are not disposed to stop anvLorgne with them We do find, however, that this- latter lady under jwent a change of naaie in, the midat of hey. aicent of ParnafBus, DOvtbat she, at all event*, has something in hor analogous, to what moves the wholo tieterhood, and' possesses that touch' oE nature to whioh the whole world io aVin ; and if marriage diilrtnot stop her ambition', noithcr did subsequent widowhood, nor- the meed for tho employment of her faoultiej-aa.a, jteaoher. Thore is no. foa» of culture dastroyt ;ing: the true woman's hsait or making her iuufib Sor hor station, in life. Human instincts, aro too strong and ; too. deeply ingrained to be ',uprooted by any ouch, process. Culture will iadoraand beautif7-and enlarge any lire. that io. iablo to attain it, bo. it t&e; life of a man or- a j woman It is a liillt) koawledgo that is dangsB ous, not a thoroughly. dd»ciplined eduaation. A ; learaad man iB generally by no means aconooitod man, for his leirniop huB taught him, how lilklohe has conquered for himself' out ofi tbe BiHot realm of] ihe ux&nown; and tiounkuow iiblo, and the same will bo truo bfr a.letunsd woman. If, is- the girl who is triokedoufr with a few shallow drawing-room accomplishments and nothing more, amd whose leading is. con fined to the last novels from the circulating library, that. :4 tempted into conceit &ad;' prig gishness. lliero la no reason that oan be justi fied why a. giBl'* education should be mainly ornamontai, whiita a boy's ought to-be usoful and thorough. .It is a laatk-g.-wrong to a girl to deom that hor education is. simply, meant to get hor up. for the matrimonial market. Her chucccB ia.thoi market aro cortainly not to bo despised, but as she has gob as pood brains as her broihoxs, she should be enoouraged to mo them, and cultivate her mental powers to the extont of h»r opportunity. By such a couno of procoedi&g; wo venture to think that her ohanoep. in tho aforesaid market would be rather bettered than injured,, and oho would be likely to turn oui- a more companionable wife and & wiaos mother. 1m Pbomb Bamob.— The 'United States Government has just cast a monster gun, that will firo a solid shot six milos. If the Govern ment is going to do any targot praotico with it, wo will be glad to furnish Secretary linooln with the man who came in the sanctum last night and stuck tho paste-brush into the ink stand. Wo would profer that tho Government would ram him into the gun and fUo him at tho target, but if tho department se«« fit rather to stand him up for a mark, we think about afoot and a-half would be the beit dWrooe, for him. That is, for us.— ZToi»%», 