SELECTED POETRY. THE WIVES OF WEINSBERO. n the verdant Buabian valley lovely little Welns berg lies. Like a brown lark of tbe meadow ere to greet the morn she flies. On the qnaint and old-world village Night hath pressed the kiss of peace. As npon a sleeper's, forehead, biding wildest memories! " From the ragged hill above It frowns the rain'd castle down. Like a ghost that from the past still seems to guard tbe sleeping town. Bnin'd towers and gloomy donjon! many a wild deed have ye viewed Since the Boman Emperor Probus reared you In a solitude. Murder, rapine, lust? and slaughter falling from some baleful star On the hearths and homes of Weinaberg in the cruel Peasant War. Bage of noble, rage of henchman, vieing each in orgies dire, While their fierce eyes watched the victim leaping at the torture fire But a sweeter, nobler memory lightens o'er the mouldering walls, And tbe European wanderer to tbe sacred rain cells Though seven centuries have faded ne'er the story, shall grow old Of the noble wives of Weinaberg, who did Love prefer t0^Id- ******* Many a weary day the castle had the siege of Conrad stood. Till the valiant Gnelph, its leader, fell, and bathed the gronnd with blood. With no hope of succour nigh them, with a martial host before, Soon tbe fortress must be yielded, the unequal fight be o'eb Then the women cried," Our f oeman hath a generous soul if stern; Let ns for onr lives beseech him, It may be his heart will tun." Soon a crown of weeping matrons through the gates have ta'en their way, Noblest mingling with the lowliest. Grief alone bath rank to-day. In bis tent sits Emperor Conrad, hears the sad peti tion rise— "Spare as, lord, and spare our dear ones; take what else your soldiers prize." Swift replies the haughty monarch, PI do not on women war; Free and safe from Weinsberg Castle shall ye to the town repair. "But, by Heaven, the recreant traitors who with stand my lawful right; Xhey have dared the wrath of Conrad, they shall feel it In its might! "If to-night the castle's yielded, they can pass at break of morn Sv6ry woman, with what treasure may be on her shoulders borne." High that night the wine and wassail ruled through out the victor host; Crept on leaden feet the honrs to the hearts had waged and lost. Shines at last the fateful morning. Lo 1 what sad procession comes Down tbe hill from Weinsberg Castle, 'mid no stirring beat of drams ? Live for ever wit of woman 1 Every wife the towers hold Marches, bearing on her shoulders stoutly her defender bold. At their head the Duchess Uta proudly carries wounded Gnelph; * Here," she cries. " my dearest treasure, dearer far than life Itself t " Broken faith 1" cries fierce Dnke Frederick, i1 Let the soldiers have their will!" "Nay," outspeaks the noble Conrad, "kingly word is sacred still. " Leave to bear their dearest treasures the stives of Weinsberg did I give; Since their husbands are such treasures, bid the ransomed husbands live 1" ******* So it runs, the pleasant story that enshrines each " We bertreue"* is the castle called in memory of the honr. E. B. LOTJOHBAN, Melbourne. ^Woman's faithfulness. 