'... : SPlie ' Tuflfff ' :..??'?' ? . SPORTING NOTES ?; (By Merlin.) i ' .The Melbourne Cup weights are due on Monday next, and. on the same date also the weights for the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting will be ^declared. ? ' '.' ' The programme of the Campbell Town' Steeplechase Meeting will be published next week. ?;'.'? The other day I had the opportunity of inspecting the Entally string,1 and received proprietor of ' that fine estate; the hon. Thomas Reibey, a gentleman who' races for the love of the sport, and whose ? horses run aa straight aa an arrow. There are no 'byes' to be run when the bright rose banner is unfurled, which is more than every owner or trainer in Australia can1 say. The Squire may be whimsical and fanciful at times, but I only wish we had a few more like ' him for the benefit of racing. I was glad, to see my old friend Joe Carter looking well, and although Meteor and Pride of the Hills have been sold,: their places have1 been; filled by1 ? yearlings purchased at that sale. I may remark, that on all sides I hear a favourable opinion of the Manuka year lings, purchased at the Calstock sale, and from a personal inspection I can corrobo rate this; opinion. The beautifully-bred and . excellently-shaped ?'? Anchorite is in undergo a severe preparation. ' This horse has only run ' three times, and meeting with an accident before the Carrick Plate, Carter could not . wind him . up, and consequently the son of Queen Mary was nowhere at the end of the journey. Laun ceston told a different tale. Anchorite — as were all the Entally horses — was pink, and easily won the Maiden Plate, and would have won the Flying Handicap hut for his jockey: losing so much ground at the start; This was not the only race lost by the Entally representatives through inferior horsemanship during the meeting. Whether he will- cross the water will depend upon his weight, but if justly handicapped, and he reaches the post fit, I do not think he will disgrace himself. To get him fit Carter inust have 'good galloping ground, which he has not at pre sent. : He is engaged in both the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups. Coronet occupied, the next box, and as he is fast and pos sesses great bone and substance, and is big enough to carry sixteen stono to the hounds, he ought to make a grand steeple chaser, while his breeding is good enough for anything. Vedette ' comes next, and although he compares disadvantage ously in point of size, with Anchorite and Coronet, ; he can'' hold his own so far as blood is concerned. By St. Albans out of Resistance, by Bay Middleton, and running back to Edella, is not to be de spised. Vedette is very closely related to Malua and Stockwell, and he is out of the same mare as Flying Dutchman, who ran two dead heats with Saladin for the Aus tralian Cup. He was the last foal of Resistance, and was brought up by hand. ? The yearlings are three promising colts, and* the ?colt by Manuka out of Amelia I spoke so favourably of- at the Calstock sale, and who was so generally admired, has , grown the1 right way,' and if this gentlemanly- looking colt does not distin guish himself oii the racecourse it will be a great wonder. I am sorry indeed to see such1 a racing-like youngster omitted from ...the Maribyrnong Plate' entries. He is a colt bound to come early, and Mr. Reibey can flatter himself that he picked up ' a : . bargain when he purchased this youngster for 65 guineas. He is by Manuka, out of 'AmeSa, by Castle Hill, out of, a- mare' by. Bay ' Middleton j arid own sister to Ringwood's dam. The brown colt, by Manuka, out of The Kitten, is another well- shaped and well-grown' youngster, but is : cast in altogether different mould to the Amelia colt; and another promising colt is a. handsome black, by Manuka, out of Aglaia,7by Peter Wilkins. ?: He, however, will probably not make his debut until three year old. .,.''' , 'During the week I also had the opportu nity of inspecting the College Farm string, ari'd although Blink Bonny has crossed the Straits, Bonnie Scotland is out of training, arid. Wild Wave has been'pufohased by Mr: Agnew, Tom; Keating' has .a- pair of horses, of .which any man might be proud.' Bonnie 'Dundee' is lby StvAJbaris orii'ol Bella, by Cotherstone out of 'The Witch, by Phantom out of 'Strop's dam, by Little iohn out of .Amelia, by Mozart out of Pot, by Bolivar out' of, Whizgig, by Whale bone. The': other is Bonnip Doon, by Manuka out of Blink Boriny's dam, by Peter Wilkins ' out of - Blink Bonny . by Conrad, out of- Medora by Little John, out of Medea' by' Mozart, out of Whizgig by Whalebone. They aro both beautifully-bred horses, as will be seen by their pedigreos, and both run back to grand old Whizgig, Their breeding is not their sole recommendation, for they have many othor good qualities, and are a pair of good-looking, as well as excellently bred, horses. Barring a rather plain, still not ugly, Panic head, it is impossible to find a fault with Bonnie Dundee, and he is agrandtype indeed of the thoroughbred. He reminds one something of Strop — to whom he is related — but he is a better made horse than the son of Panic, and and that is saying something. Bonnie Dundee is three off and stands 16'1J hands. He has been broken since my last visit, and Keating has performed his work well. The colt will, if all goes well with him, probably make his debut in the Carrick Plate next Boxing Day. Bonnie Doon much resembles her half-sister, Blink Bonny, and though not; so good in the rein as the latter, yet she is good enough, and is a better loinodniare. Altogether Bonny Doon is a beautiful yearling and must race if looks and shape are anything. Like Bonnie Dundee, she has been broken, and with suoh apair, civil and painstaking Tom Keating, who belongs neither to the flash nor the fast school, and riever forgets him HGAA, urn, A -J.tvui-J, UUiVt; tbUUUlXUJL gUUU season next racing campaign. While at the hospitable College Farm, I also had a look1 at Albert, who, though in the rough ? and running out in the paddock, looked hearty arid well. I am glad to see:that Mr. M'Bain is an advocate for exercise for stallions. Apart from the fact that Albert is full brother to that grand performer Commotion, his blood (by Panic but of Evening Star, by Lord Clifden, the grand sire of Busybody), should recommend him to breeders. The horse, from what I can hear, is likely to have a good season, and Mr. W. Field intends sending several mares to him. I also' inspected Noble, the- champion draught stallion of the colony. If Mr. M'Bain owns a draught stallion, it may be depended that it is a stallion worth patronising, ana rtoDie is no exception to the rule. This horse is one of the im proved Lincoln type — not a great unwieldy brute, but a well-shaped animal, and. aa active as a pony. 'This horse had a great season last year,' and Mr. M'Bain was com pelled to refuse numerous applications. A chat with the Squire of - Enfield is always interesting, as he is an admirable raconteur, ancl possesses, a wonderful memory, and I therefore could not resist the opportunity of paying Enfield a visit. I had a long and interesting . talk with Mr. Field, whs is the best authority upon ? Tas manian racing that we have. Scrupulously exact, Mr. Field has a record of all horses bred at Enfield for over 40 years, and in the stud-book , all distinguishing marks have been entered, and a list of all sales has been kept. I did not see many of the blood stock, as they were not close at hand, while others were away getting broken. I' saw the veteran Strop, however; galloping away like a two-year old, and bearing his twenty-three summers as blithely as a bird, and speaking volumes for the endurance and cast-iron . legs which Panic, as an AliUUOb iUYailUiUlO ilUC, U1UU3LUJ.ULUU UU Hid progeny. 1 was sorry to hear; however, that Mr. Field had determined to train Strop again, and- had partly agreed with Powell. I trust that he inay be induced to rescind his determination. The veteran has more than borne his share of the ' burden and heat of the day,' and I hope that Mr. Field will leave ' this good and game piece of horseflesh to enjoy his well earned otrwn cum dignatato in the pastures of Enfield. The scythe-bearer defeats us all — no matter how bravely we may struggle — and the son of Panic, whoBe success used to send Tasmania frantic with joy, }s no exception to the rule. Enfield possesses the one Panic mare bred by the Messrs. Field, and this is Muriel, the sanie ago as ' Strop, and the dam of Paganini, owned by the astute Foulsham, and thought to have a show for. the Melbourne Cup, . even before the weights are out; Muriel only breeds every other year, and last season had a foal by Orphan Boy, a son of Castle Hill, and out of Faultless, by Phantom. ' It is something refreshing in these days to read of two sportsmen running their horses a public trial to see which was the better of the pair. No money was at stake, and the loser had only to give £2& to the Bentinek Benevolent. Fund. Yet this is what occurred at Newmarket on the last day of the Second Spring Meeting. A trial match of one mile and a half took place before the commencement, of the day's racing between Duke of Portland's St. Simon, 3 yrs, 8st, ridden by C. Wood, and Mr. Lefevre's Tristan, 6 yrs, 9st 91b, ridden by F; Webb. Credo was started as lioneer for Tristan, and Iambic for. St.. Simon. The latter, pulling double, defeated . Viefnti TkTr air.innnt'Un A_ _ n «»»?». J.1J ,'i was understood that St. Simon was 331bs. better than Harvester^ and one paper de scribes him asone.of tho best animals of modern times. Although said to be short and decidedly' leggy, and when .galloping at top speed to put his rears back sus piciously, like the Flying Dutchman, .ho is one of the truest running anim^ifj, Harvester easily defeated Scot Free at a difference of 71ba: in' the ; Payne Stakes at the . Newmarket Second' Spring, a race ' . last ^ear ' which . was' . won by Splendour, , '. owned . by -Mr. Sieadj of; New Zealand; Harvester; ^before he wori:; the Payne Stakes, was backed for a loir of' inoney for the Derby, and ^610,000 to .£2000' was taken' in one hand, and when the, mail loft he was' at 100 to 30. Altogether ho must have been backed to win a, consider able sum. Even when the dead heat was run bookmakers must have had a bad time, as St. ','Gatien had also been backed for a heap of money. A couple of days before the mail left tho horso was thought to have run badly on a trial, arid he receded from 20 to 40 to'l. All the papers agreed that the horse was doing an excellent prepara tion, but none of thorn considered that he was gooa enougn to win. at. nation is trained by R. Sherwood, who, nearly thirty yoar3'ago, steered Wild Dayrell to victory at Epsom. ' ' ? - ' ? ' Bythe Flinders last week two horseswero imported by Powell, the Eyandale trainer. One was the steeplechaser 'Andover, and the othor is said to be a hunter. I suppose Campbell Town will witness their. debut. ?' ' ' ' ' . ? It is riot often we soe a stake won in two successive years by horses bearing the Bairio name, arid yet no relation. Yet such1 has occurred. At Caulfield, last Saturday/ the Ladies' Bracelet was won by The Ghost, by Hamlot, out of MyBtery, while last year the race fell to The Ghost, by Trogeagle— Ada,butnow in Indin,I believe, i George Burton, who hails, I think, from the Westward, and picked up his first knowledge of jockeyship while in Billy Mottbn's employ, was severely injured through Lesbia falling in the last race at Caulfield, on Saturday. The animal rolled over him, and it is improbable he will be seenin the saddle for sometime. : In England they are very particular about the starting, and at the recerit Kempton Park Meeting an objection was made by Mr. Chaplin, and a couple of other, owners, that the start was a flying pnp. ' The matter was investigated by the Jockey Club Stewards at Newmarket dur ing the Second Spring week; and the objec tion was overruled. The starter was the great M'Georgo himself. They are con sidorably more particular in the old country than we are. A protest against a start in Australasia is never heard of, though very often it might be, as the sto.rts are bad enough, goodness knows. ? The highest-priced horse on record hag phanged hands, so I notice. Doncaster, by Stockwell, out. of Marigold,, by Tedding ton, has been privately sold by the Duke of Westminster to the Hungarian Govern ment for J35OOO. Foaldd in 18170, Doncaster was bred by Sir Tatto^ Sykes, and was purchased as a yearling 'by the late Mr.' James Merry, for whom he won the Derby iri 1873, his pilot being F. Webb. .' In the Grand Prix de Paris he, however, was de feated by that good' horse Boiard, and the following year he also succumbed to the same horse in the Ascot Cup, when an ex cellent field started for the raee^ — Boiard, Flageolet, Doncaster, Marie Stuart, Gang Forward, and, Kaiser I Boiard, won, and Doncaster and Flageolet ran a' dead heat for second place. At Ascot in 1875 he won the Gold Cup and the Alexandra Plate for the same gentleman, and it was after this brilliant double event that he was pur chased by his then trainer, Mr. Robert Peck, for .£10,000. A short time, after wards, in turn the latter sold the horse to the Duke of Westminster, for tho unpre cedented sum of .£14,000, and he' was forthwith sent to the stud. Doncaster has not been a great success at the stud, still the Duke of Westminster has lost nothing by him; — although he sold the son of Stockwell for .£9000 less than he (vqtro p/vi» Jiim ? aa Vio -nraa +T-io citu aF Ranrl Or, who wori the Duke his first Derby and a considerable sum. He was also the sire of Memcastef, a fair perf ormer,and the other day we. had news of the success of Sir Rheubon,in the Prince of Wales Stakes, at Ascot'. ? ' . : By the Waihora! on Thursday Mr. Robert Symmons shipped a valuable cargo of horses for New ^Zealand. The following are the particulars , of the shipment: — Bay yearling colt by Manuka, out of The West, by Cotherstone j bay yearling colt, out of Midge, by Castle Hill, out of Resistance, half-sister to Mama's dam ; bay yearling colt by Manuka, out of Miss Jackson, by Cervus ; Tasmania, brown yearling filly by Manuka, out of Zillah, dam of Tasman ; bay yearling filly by Manuka, put of Cora,by Boiardo sut of Merrymaid by Jersey, etc. ;pay filly by Manuka, out of Pussy (dam of Captain Webster), by Ceryus, out of Cora by Boiardo j Iona, three-year-old filly, by St. Albans out of Miss Hill by Castle Hill j brown four-year-old mare by St. Albans, dam by Cervus out of The Dove ; chestnut four-year-old mare by St. Albans, out of May Queen, by Castle Hill; bay'geldirig, Gatera, five-year-old, by St. Albans, out of a mare by Peter. Wilkins. The two four year-old St. Albans mares have never been trained, but both are likely looking animals, and their . grand blood renders them doubly valuable. Gators ran once as a three^year-oldy . and once as fouryear old, but as he was in no condition, his per formances afford no criterion. Iona won a race at Stanley this year, and distin guished herself creditably as a twoyear old by her close races, with Meteor. The yearlings are an excellent . lot indeed, and as Manuka'was.a great favourite in New Ziealand there is certain to' De a good demand, for them. The one out of Tasman's dam is bound to cause a good deal of com petition, both from her looks and lier relationship to .the ? New. Zealand Cup winner. It is to be hoped that such a valuable lot of thoroughbreds will have a good passage to New Zealand, because if they can only arrive all right at Christ-, church,, where they are to be'sbld, Mr. Symmons's enterprise is ; bound to . meet ?faith the reward it deserves. All the horses it may be mentioned,' were bred by -the. Messrs. Field, arid run back to. either Whizgig or Edella. ' ? ...... Archer still pursues the even' tenor' of his way, and iip'to the week ending May 9 he had riddon 47 winners, while C; Wood, tho next highest, had no more than 24, wins. Archer's success is simply wonder ful, and for tho tenth year in succession he bids fair to-be at the head of- the list of winning jockeys when the ; season oloses. It is also very probable that ho rode St. Gatien for the Derby, and I notice by the latest papers to hand that he had been riding the horse iri his work and- was men tioned as likely to ride the colt at Epsom. While Archer is thus in the full tide of success I am sorry t» read that George Fordham's health still precluded him riding, and that from this cause ho was unable to ride in the Derby. There have boen very few jockeys indeed like old George, who has no superior, if equal, in the present day. His riding of Ladislas in the Jopkey Club Cup last season was unani mously pronounced to have been tho best piece, of horsemanship for the year. i.By.an English journal I notice that the German chemist and horse trainer, Loffler, about whom I have written previpusly in these columns, is now resident at New market, and is reported to have had great success in dealing with horses suffering. Barcaldine, 'the champion horse of last year, had become such a savage, that there was a difficulty in approaching him, but the removal of a decayed molar had the effect of reducing him 'to perfect quietude. . . .... The highest-priced horse on record has, I notice,chau'ged ownership.This is Doncaster, who has been sold by ' the ' Duke of West minster, to the Hungarian Government; On Tuesday week a match took place on Randwick Racecourso between Mr. Levy's Maid of Australia and Mr. Roberts's Tim, six furlongs, for .£100. They were sent away to a good start, and Tim held aslight advantage till near home, when the mare drew' up arid defeated him cleverly by a little more than a head. ?? The winner was ridden by Donald Nicholson, and Tim- by M'Grath, arid, the distance was accom plished in linin. 22sec. ? .??..;??' ' Pri vato ? ? racecourses ? ? ? bid . . fair, says ' Nemo,' soon to become nearly as nume rous in New South Wales as they are in tho old country. Warwick Farm and Mamre have been in full operation for some time, and the hon. James White and Mr. W. A.- Long- will soon have private tracks ? for then horses. Mr. Long is having a magnificent training course pre pared on the banks of George's River,abbut four miles from the town of Liverpool. The site selected is an admirable one, and the work of forming, etc., is .being .pushed forward at a rapid rate. The track as marked out is one mile and three furlongs round, very- level.- On May 11 Archiduc won another race at the Paris Spring Meeting. Baron Alphonse Eothsohild miut ' now regret that he did not treat the veterinary certificate which prevented his buying Archiduc as so much waste paper. The horse has since won three valuable prizes, worth ,£3715: in the aggregate, towards recouping his selling price of .£4000 ; and in the Prix du Jockey Club, or . French Derby, he probably achieved another victory. In nine cases out of ten a trainer's opinion, remarks an English paper, is worth far more than a ' vet.'s,' and it has certainly tnrned out so in this instance, as Tom Jennings, who has had Archiduc under his charge sintfe a yearling, was not afraid to 'go halves ' in his purchase with M. Lefevre. ,,,., ': ?? :?? ? : ' ' » ? _ ',- :..:?'?.? 