THE NOVELIST. BERNA BOYLE. BY UBS. J. H. BIDDELL, Author of "GeorgoGeith," "The Senior Partner,"&c.; CHAPTER L Thirty-three years ago a tiny village, nest ling among the soft green slopes of Down, seemed scarcely more remote from the noise ezid bustle of lue than is the case at present. Villas are creeping out towards it; the de stroying builder is casting long glances at itB smiling fields and waving woods; but it still turns its sunny face towards the south and dreams on placidly just as it did in the days before the World's Great Fair for all nations was held on the grass in Hyde Park. Turn a glance back along the century and look at the village as it was ere the Crimean War began or the horrors of the Indian mutiny were thought of. But the merest hamlet 1 Spite of the rail way station, less than a mile distant; the post-office and public-house combined, situ ated just where the Comber-road branches off from the Newtonards; the smithy hard by; the church, perched aloft on one of those quaint, low hills that have won for the county a not inapt comparison to a basket of eggs; the police barracks, the remarkable ooking Rectory, the mailcar running along the highway twice a day, the Presbyterian meeting-house—surely the smallest and most unpretending of picturesque villages. Only oue side to it, and that extremely im perfect 1 First, a row of one- storied cot tages, where dwelt the local cobbler and tauor, both deadly jealous of town ways and town notions. Then fields advanced boldly to the front, succeeded, after a short space, by the police barracks, a couple of its occupants, privates in the Irish constabulary, being generally encountered lounging on the footpath opposite, A little further a few more cottages were scattered beside the road; at the extreme end of the village, be yond the lane which still winds up to the gate of the graveyard, stood proudly forth the shop, where nothing could be bought, it might have been supposed, that any human creature would desire to purchase. Close to the turning leading to the Rectory was a second smithy—for the neighbourhood was (and is) one much given to farming, and found much need of a farrier's services. A few detached houses, farm and otherwise, lay back from the left-hand side of the road —the right being skirted, as stated, by humble cottages. The whole place looked green and white by reason of the green fields and the whitewashed houses. Up on the hillsides lay great masses of trees and belts of plantation, and, higher still, you conld see roads winding over the heights whence lovely views were to be obtained of Belfast Lough and the Antrim mountains, of Scrabo close at hand, and on a clear night a glimpse of Scotland, as the crow flies, little more than twenty miles distant from that extreme point of the County Down, close to which the English steamers plough their way. while, keeping between the Copelands and Donaghadee, they shape an altnoBt direct course southward down to the Channel. It was a summer's morning in the July of 1850; the barley and the flax both needed sun; the potatoes, anxionsly watched for signs of that fatal blight, could have borne any amount of heat and been the better for it. The grass had grown well and was more than ready for the scythe, and the rain was coming down in torrents. It was a morning to make Bad the heart of any farmer. All through the district, from the Rectory to the hovel, there was " mourning and lamentation and woethe labourers could not work; the meadows could not be cut; the rich crops were being laid; the horses were standing idle in the stable, eating their heads off. Masters and men, for once of one mind, looked mournfully out at the weather. Steadily the rain held on—dripping through the leaves, plashing into the pools, b welling the streams. soaking the earth. In the whole of that village there were fto creatures happy hut the ducks, which waddled about quack ing, literally embarrassed by the wealth in the way of dirt Providence was providing for them. About a mile out of the village, in the Craiganlet direction, which is the nearest route to Bangor—not on the crest of the rising ground, that opens to any one who has patiently tailed up the long incline such an unexpected and magnificent stretch of sea, and mountain, and neadland, and smiling, reBtful land; hut admirably placed on the slope of the hill, so as to be protected from the north-east wind, stood a house of some pretension. It was embowered in trees. It was approached by an avenue upon which the foot fell almost as noiselessly as on the turf of the lawn. There was a great silence about the place. When you entered the gate the world seemed left behind. It was an old mansion—once the Dower House of a noble family—but it had descended in the social scale till it simply " went with the land"— was thrown in as a mere makeweight with the farm. Scarcely charged for in the rent— the tenant was continually grumbling con cerning the expense entailed upon him by the " tumble-down old barrack"—where ladies in stomachers and farthingales, and patches and high-heeled shoes, and powdered hair, once rustled through the wainscoted rooms; and handsome gallants came wooing, and dark deeds, it was said, were done—notably one which caused the imprint of a blood-stained hand on the wall, and the drip of blood on the old oak staircase; and the legend that now and then the ghost of a murdered woman might be seen by some human being more I especially favoured than his fellows. Through the years the house had been per sistently falling from its once high estate. I As the family to whom it belonged grew I greater it grew less. Time went on, and the mansion, as the winters and summers came and went, got more and more dilapidated; each successive tenant refused it even one poor coat of paint; each occupier left it in worse plight than his predecessor. The ladies of the great family had long ceased to inhabit a nook so utterly out of the world. In London, or Bath, or Paris, or any other favourite resort, they spent the few pounds the Dower House brought to them by way of rental. The memory of man could not extend to the time when a Dame Bountiful, residing under the shadow of those ancient trees, blessed the neighbourhood with her gracious presence. The former days were gone, and the pres* tige of the old Dower House with them. It had sunk surely, if slowly. First it was let to a Newtonards man who, having gone oat to India withont a penny, came liack, to quote the conntry- side gossip, possessed of " millions and millions." Unfortunately be brought back in addition a native wife and half a dozen, dark-skinned, black-eyed children, all of whom, being re garded as intruders, and treated aa such, the 'rajah"—so his neighbours generally called him—sold off his furniture, packed up his belongings, and took boat for England. Then a sporting character, in great request at mess and bachelor dinners, who, it was credibly asserted, fonght mains of cocks in the dicing room and bad boxing-matches in the great bun, remained at Ardilaw for the space of two years, at the expiration of which term he drank himself to death, greatly to the satisfaction of many worthy people. After that the place was let for the summer to persons able to drive across to Holwood " for the bathing." Then it went down another step, and was rented by a Belfast shop keeper, who wanted country air for his chil dren, end grass where those children could tumble about and grow np wild. When it had been knocked almost out of human recognition by the young fry, their papa died, bis business collapsed, and Ardi law was again in the market. This time a gentleman farmer thought he would essay a wrestle with the poor hillside land, ana a contest with ignorance and the elements; but five successive bad seasons, to say nothing of relays of incompetent labourers and dis honest bailiffs, compelled his departure. For a year and four months the honse stood empty. Weeds grew rank in the orchard and kitchen garden, roses bloomed and faded in the parterres once tended by my Lady, moss covered the drive, the leaves lay where they had fallen on the lawn, from the win t/ucy uau iMicu uu wo lavrut uwu bite wiu* dow no men or women's eyes looked out upon \- l—J _ J— Q| .L- L.-_ -I a landscape destitute of the attraction of human life and human movement. Some few persons came to view, but no one remained to rent. Then suddenly the whole village was astounded, and possibly shocked, to hear Hewson Muir, of Kilmoon Farm, had rented the Dower House—stock, lock, and barrel; land, water, wood, and bog—as tenant-at will, under the great family who " ought to have known better" than let the " old place to a man little mere nor a labourer." Pre sumably the great family, like lesser families, understood its own business at least as well as its critics. It was a family which had its personal interests at heart, ana always found a way, spite of settlements and entails, of getting rid of unremnnerative and trouble some property. To cut a long story short, before Mr. Muir bad been a year in possession, Ardilaw changed hands, and passed into the keeping of a certain Lyle Garnsey, commonly reported to be the " wickedest man in the county." The sinister reputation of that gentleman who fought cocks in his dining-room, and hob-nobbed with the Heenan of his day, paled when contrasted against the scorching sins of Lyle Garnsey. In Mr, Garnsey's case distance lent enchantment to the view: what were a few cocks mangled and bleeding near Belfast in comparison with crimes com mitted in Dublin and London and "furrin parts ?" Over many a turf fire the misdoings of " the Squire" were spoken of with bated breath, the future of his only child, a daughter, dis cussed, and his own eventual destination more than hinted at. Between this new landlord and Mr. Muir the most friendly relations were soon estab lished; though the former was almoBt an infidel and the latter a red-hot Orangeman— though one man was a Liberal and the other a Tory—Mr. Muir sternly maintained "ye might chance to meet worse nor Lyle Garnsey," while Mr. Garnsey was wont to declare he considered "Mr. Mnir a most excellent person." Twice a year, when he "r. Mu went to pay his rent, Mr. Muir dined at Beechfield, and it was a sight to behold him gravely accepting viands he did not like, served in a fashion to which he was not accustomed, from the hands of a footman who had much aao to conceal the disgust he felt at having to wait " upon such a fellow." * The years went by, and Mr. Muir, at all events, made money out of Ardilaw. If no body else had ever managed to extract a profit from the land, Mr. Muir did. He rarely worked himself, but he was without peer in the matter of seeing that other people wrought as they should. Sometimes he might have keen seen guiding the plough, dressed in decent black, his coat a swallow-tail, and his shirt white as snow; but, as a rule, he preferred watching the turning up of the clods, and following while some one else har rowed and cast seed into the ground. He was tall, over six feet in height—" six feet two in my stocking soles," he often stated—of spare habit, long-limbed, loosely made, with no depth in his shoulders and no width across his chest; a man who looked as if he had been thrown together instead of built—a person no human being could have called handsome. On that wet July morning he stood beside one of the windows in the old wainscoted dining-room, splicing the handleGf a gig whip and looking out at the weather. It was, indeed, as has been said, a day to try the faith of any farmer. Ordinarily, Mr. Muir— as became a man who hated the Pope, and loved " Protestant Boys," Orange Likes, and the rousing cry of "No Surrender"—had sufficient faith in the wisdom and justice of his Maker; but as he watched the rain coming down faster and faster, the avenue getting wetter and wetter, the heavens grow ing darker and darker, be felt there must be something utterly wrong somewhere. Could it possibly have happened (trying circum stances will give rise to doubt even in minds not ordinarily prone to scepticism) that Providence, finding the whole scheme of creation too vast for individual attention, had given Ireland, as regarded its weather, over to a sort of Viceregent, who was making as great a mess of physical matters as Lord Lieutenants usually do of political? This was a view of the question which in the then state of the havctop Beemed to Mr. Muir so extremely probable that he felt he should have likea to "threep" it out with " some sensible personbut as there chanced to he-no human Being in the room except his eldest daughter " Bell," the farmer, though big with thought, decided he had best hold his tongue, " women folk being as a rule fools to talk to." Miss Bell Muir was a lady who might have been guessed at any age, according to the fancy of the spectator. Really but aix-and twenty, she had that hard and battered ap pearance it is competent for even quite young women to assme who have always cultivated the utile to the exclusion of the dulce. There was not muoh duice about Miss Muir. She never could be considered happy except when half killing herself, and harassing everybody about ner, with a perfect plague of labonr. like her father, she loved to see other persons hard at work —unlike her father, nothing pleased her better than to work harder than them alL About the house she was a " besom of de-' Btruction," She thought it the height of bliss to spend hours in a hurricane of sweep ing, scouring, bustling, grumbling, scolding. On those evil occasions the cats were harried from the hearth: the dogs, if they pnt their noses inside the kitchen door, were received with the contents of a pall of water: chanti cleer, leading his wives across the threshold with great cnr-a-rooing and much uplifting of his fett. like a high-stepping home, had to retrace his way at a different pace and in a different fashion; while Mr. Muir himself was constantly asked "if he couldn't come into the house some different road nor across the wet flagB." Not a labourer on the farm but knew and detested Saturday—till the e /ening, that ib to say—when Bell, refreshed and satisfied with the results of her campaign againBt the powers of dirt, either took to baking griddle bread, which scented the whole neighbour hood with a sweet wholesome smell; or else, when one of her sisters offered to make "fadge," or wheaten or oaten cake, sat down to knit coarse stockings in a leisure so tho roughly earned, On that particular wet morning in July, Miss Muir, occasionally looking at her father askance, the while a certain bright and brisk number seven needle glanced in and ont of some fine white " shirting," was adorned in the fullest warpaint she ever assumed when merely arming herself for domestic conflict. It consisted of a clean and stiffly-starched print dress—colour, liiac; tone, dark; pattern, hideous. A calico apron, white as sort water and grasB bleaching could make and keep it: a small woollen shawl, checked black ana red, pinned securely across her bosom; and a linen cap, with two goffered borders made of the same uncompromising material, tied under the chin by a pair of linen strings about two inches wide, drawn into a cravat bow, framing her face till she looked like some sunburnt old baby. This was Bell—the eldest female hope of Mr. Muir's three matrimonial essays—this was Bell, secretly dreaded even by her stern papa, who had not" mnch opinion of any of the sex"—meaning the softer portion of creation—this was Bell, so famous through all the country-side for her powers of work and management, that many a man had cast sheep's eyes upon her, and wonld have pro posed long enough before, but for the know ledge that Miss Muir had a high opinion of her value in the matrimonial market, and for a doubt as to tbe amount with which Mr. Muir meant to endow her. "Carry's first Bteed in his stable," said many a canny father and mother, when dis cussing matters over with sons anxious to better their position; ''Carry and Robert 'll Vinna flin ni/ilr /\ff A*j4ilaw Prtu aII aVlh'a 'il have the pick off Ardilaw. For all she's been to him, for all she's done for him, the old man has'nt tbe heart for Bell Muir he ought, considering there's not such a hand for butter in the country as hers." It was the butter question Miss Muir was considering, while she sat " working on" a new Bhirt of her father's. Nevertheless, magnanimously ignoring her own anxieties, she essayed to converse with her parent as he stood beside the window, commanding a comprehensive-view of the village, the lawn, tbe trees, the drive, and the rain. "Have you had any further word from Sam Dopp about the cottage?" Bhe asked, her voice sounding much older and harsher than the voice of so young a woman had any right to sound. Ay—his brother came over yesterday between the lights, and said Sam would agree to rising the pound there was between ub, if I would put him up a pigsty; but I told him I would do no Buch thing—that if Sam wanted to keep pigs he must do it some place ehe than at my cottage." "Why, what ails you at the pigs, poor things ? What could the Dopps do with all tbe ieavings from so big a family without a pig to eat them up ?" " I don't know, and I don't care," answered hjr. Muir, defiantly. " I'll neither have pigs rooting up the garden nor children destroying the clean papers and the fresh paint in the house. Mr. Orr made a sort; of small para dise of the place, and if I can't get some body that will keep it as it ought to be kept, why it shall stay empty, that's all." Miss Muir put in a few energetic stitches before she observed : " You set great store by the cottage.'1 " And what would hinder me to set great store by it ? Where could you find its like— a picture inside and out? I just stood and looked at it the other day, and thought the Iiitr • man did right well to call it Clear Stream, The birds were singing and the flowers were all abloom, and the air was scented with them, and the bit of grass was green as a fairy ring, and smooth and Boft like the velvet in Miss Garnsey's mantilla, and the stream was running away nnder the plank bridge as hard as it could go—laughing back at the sun and making merry as it went—and the myrtle-tree was a sheet of blossom—it looked for all the world as if there had been a heavy snowstorm, and tufts of it were hanging so thick as to hide the polished green leaves—the very ground below the tree was white. 1 made np my mind at that minute Dopp and his swarm of children should never spoil what Mr. Orr spent such a lot of time and thought over." " What are you going to do then ? Let it stop idle till the wet is running down the walls, and the garden is a wilderness, and you might stand up to your middle in the grass ?" Mr. Muir winced a little; he knew Buch things had happened before, and he Baw no great cause to doubt such things might sppen again; but still he replied with dogged determination. I have not wholly decided: only Dopp'a not going to be any tenant of mine, and I told John as much. "Sam will be finely pleased when he hears the notion you have taken." " I don't care whether he's pleased or dis pleased; and there's no reason that I'm aware of why I shouldn't have my way as well as another." "Yon're right there—there is no reason at alL" " Still, there is no call why the house should stand empty, if that can be helped; so I've put an advertisement in the Newsletter, that Clear Stream Cottage, Dundonald, 1b to be rented by the year." "The whole of Belfast will be running after it," commented Miss Muir, with a fine sneer. " It may, but I hope it won't be on a day like this;" and, having got a confession on his mind which had been weighing upon it, rhileMiss Mr._ Muir resumed his occupation; wh Muir, proceeding with her sewing, considered how she could "pay her father off for not letting the Cottage to that decent man, Sam Dopp." "It's *teeming" still," she began, seizing the opportunity threading her needle afforded for chancing her attitude and "looking fair" at the author of her being. "An' the Lord alone knowBwhen it intends to leave off," said Mr. Muir, so entirely sus pending the business of splicing that the released length of string immediately un coiled itself. " But what the oarle can ye expect when it rains on Sant Swethen's Day —Devil take him, whoever he wasf He couldn't have been much of a Sant, in my opinion, or he'd have given a thought to hcnest folk trying to make an honest living between and the North-East wind, as ' Yon don't believe in all that old story, Fm veiy sure, father," observed Miss Muir, who, like her surviving parent, had her own special form of scepticism. " "What would binder me believing it ? My father and my grandfather, and I'm very sure, my great-grandfather before that, believed in Sant Swethen's Day; and I never was one to fly in the face of my elders. Why wouldn't I" "It's just a legend got up by the Romans: for their own ends," persisted the lady. " Have yoar way of the matter, as Fm very sure you wLt," said Mr. Muir; " hot ye can't deny it mostly does rain on the fifteenth of July. Old Style" "Ay, and it rains many an odd tdma bestnes, retorted Bell. " Well, if s an ill wind blows nobody good,' If it badn t been for the wet yon and Uarline and Sail would have had to ao the churning among ye this morning." " Me and Sail you mean—it's little help,' but disturbance, we'd have got from Carline. " What's the young officer doing with him self now; be can't limp out to the lawn or down to the river!" asked Mr. Muir, dis creetly changing the subject. "He's just painting the beech-tree front the passag? window : Carline carried him out a table, and set his things ready after break fast ; and aa for limping, he can put his foot - to thf ground as well as either of us when he likes. 1 saw him yesterday going up the stairs three at a time, but he didn't know £ was near. If he had, it's holding on by the baluster he'd have been, and groaning with, the pain." Having completed which vivid outline, a vast deal more true to Nature than Ensign Lurhsm ever sketched, Miss Muir proceeded with her work, and left her father to fill in. such details as pleased or did not please him at biB leisure. " It's just awful to look at von rain," ob served the farmer, when he bad quite finished splicing the whip, and stood idly twisting tne laen round the handle, looking out at the steady downpour which bade fair ere long to Bwell the rivers, and bring a second corse of water over the land. "It is that," agreed Miss Muir. *' What a• pity you would mow that grass in the long meadow j it'll every bit rot on the ground; I doubt if it'll even come in for litter." " Ye've a pleasant way of putting things,, my woman.'' 51 Well, what I say's true. You wouldn't have me tell you a lie, would you ?" "I'm not just so sure it's always agreeable to bear the truth." " We're not of the same way of thinking, then," observed Miss Muir in a spirit of the sternest virtue. " I don't know that either, BelL For in stance, if one said you were a very ordinary sort of woman to look at, it wouldn't bo a lie —but 1 doubt if you'd be best pleased, after all." "I never did set up to be anything beyond thecommou," returned Miss Muir with a sublime composure, though her father's re mark cut her to the quick. " May be it was just as well," retorted her father. On hearing which remark Miss Muir,. Christian name Isabella, rose with great dig nity, and observing, " As you are in the mind: to pay me such fine compliments I think I'll go and print the butter; my hands are cool now," left the room. "Your hands may be cool," soliloquised Mr. Muir, " but your temper isn't." An idea apparently so comforting that though, look ing at the sodden earth, he again anathema tised the good St. Switbin, it was not with half the fervour which distinguished his pre vious utterances. 