THE: SIPLETON. T o To CoRasro NDmoxs ra..ý "A.G."-I will endeavor to. findan answer di .to your question by next week: N "Alfred."-Probably the quotation *is: as' follows:- - T \- My words y usp, my thoughia remain below, b Woadsi lwithout thoughts, never to Heaven go. . .:.Z Paiter patrisc simply'meansfather n' of the donntr,' i "Inquirer."-Yon had better write to the It sporting editor of' the Chronicle, if you want a description of thle game. So far P! as I can inake:oht, base ballis something ti the same as the old :game of rounders, tl which the Aminericans haveirniade some improvements in to isit their advanced. "Syndicate Jokei."--Qite so. Granny A knows all you c?ai teach her.. : Th'e' teirble railway`accidents 'which oc, -a curred at the Weerribee and at Sunbury would h lead one i~osuppose that no disaster is sufi- oi ciently great to awake the railway depart- tl ment from its normal lethargy. The horror tl andindignation produced in the public mind k by'the Hawthorn tragedy, the particulars of k which are still fresh in our memories, had the effect of rousing the department for a b time, but it soon dropped back into its old laisaeefaire system of managing the traffic, and from this system the new Railway Com mission does not. appear to have made any special deviation. Tommy Simple Mind, the chairman of the commission, (the great I) seems to spend a large proportion of his time 1 in receiving deputations, and we read in the newspapers of adjustments to be made in the rates for carriage on goods, of this and thit concession to be made respecting demurrage, and, indeed, of most everything but of addi tional precautions being taken for the public 8 safety. I don't venture for a moment to teach these wise men their business, but it is apparent to the simplest schoolboy that a system which admits of the bare possibility t of two trains colliding under such circum stances as those narrated in connection with the butchery of a fortnight ago is absolutely rotten. Of course, immediately after the accident the railway management is all alive, andtheis:edictgoes forth that for the future the?,'stiWff'?ystem must be adhered to;. H~uii It strikes me that it is scarcely an origisiil move on the part of the new manage. - men?.?' Indeed, there's nothing we are so nieuch' used" to as this exceedingly happy 1 thought'of lobking to the fastenings of the I stable door after the steed has escalped. ' And fod??odb Hutchinson ! An old Williamstown 1 boi if minhtake otf, Sir, who but a few short I S"'t t i satchel and shining monling face gight be seen in l is place monog his school fellows. nd the boy beganme the man, and was just entering upon the real work of life, when-needIproceed What caused that boiler to burst may ever remain a mystery. Forethought and watehfulness may do much, but it appears to me that the catastrophe by which Hutchinson lost his life, is one that mayat'any time occur as long as the railway department choose to tinker up old boilers instiad of :replacing them with those upon which every reliance can be placed, and which.:re not likely to become: infernal'ma. chines, dealing death and destruction to all around.thiem. It is stated by one of the newspapers that sixty ,condemned mattresses from the Mel b rne Hospitals, some of which are "'astur ated with disease," have been sent to New lands to make beds for a number of pigs kept : by alady-residing in that town. Somewhat rogh-on-the pigs, isn't it, Sir? It appears thatithe Melbourne and Fitzroy City Councils refused to allow, these things to Io' burned within the 'acred preciidts of their jurisdic tion,io the lot was sold to to the-ohighest bidder, and off the pestilential /masses go to enhance the comfort of Newlands' pigs. Some of the mattrasses` were from the erysipelas ward. it is stated, and I suppose :the others were taken from various parts of the hospital. It will be readily understood, therefore, that these happy pigs are going to get a fair share of all the ills the human flesh is heir to. I Shavre often heard it said that the internal 'make up of the pig resembles man more than any other of the lower animals:-t will be inte resting, therefore; to kiow how the Newlands' .s'ine sustain the contact with Melbourne Hospital fittigs. ', Theds latter',have1P;pried fatal to humanity on more than one occasion. I'm sure we'll be all glad tn'learn something, more-abont-these pigss though' if iwe' hear. .that -the -flesh-, of any of" them-is-in-the market it might be wellt toeschebw pork for -a season-just as a precan?ionary measure. I notice that the people of Coburg are indig-) nant at the unsavory mattrasses being carted, through their town.. They. seem' to think, that the health of.the t little village might suffer in conseqouence of it. But, bless my life, these. people altogether: forget what -is due to dumb animals, and utterly ignore the comfort of the pigs. And again, considered; as.a scdientific experiment, -what could.,b e better than feeding the Newlanid pigs o.n germs oferysipelas? Fur pigs are not;par., ticular,.and will just as soon digest their bed diong.s anything else.. These Coburg people are not sufficiently scientific, for this ad-, vaiced age. .I notice that another phone has been dis-.. covered,. a certain Scotch doctor having; invented what he calls an ammoniaphone, Of all the funny things in the world it ap-.: pears to me this is about.the funniest. By: means of this instrument it is said thats cur rent of'" highly concentrated artificial Italiani ised air" can be, drawn into the lungs, and ai voice previously harsh and discordant .con. verted into 'a pure tenor 'of extraordinary range., The ammoniaphone has. been:tried upon several church choirs in. Scotland and; has.worked wonders. What a powerful;:in strument would this be'in ourdistriet,.:Sir! Oh, there are some chaps Iknbw extremely;: well1-who could do with agood dseal or iethe. aminoniaphone. , Would I like to apply.it to 1 them? Just wouldn't I. Do Ilike to apply; a boot-jack to a Tom-cat in the next yardi?. A- recent item of news: from -Berlin was that the ," Wiesse Dame" or. White Lady. of the Hohenozollern. family:had-been seen by the sentinels , before the Alto Schlns. This, party., regularly leaves her grave and: walks :round the. corriders whenever any bof the. Royal Family are about to die. :It is reported, that the.recent appearance of::the spectre has caused no little 'excitement in, Berlin-notwithstanding. materialism and general scepticism. The -White -Lady- is';a pretty old ghost, and. the unbelief- of the' times..does not operate.:uponh her.! ' Forja. woman she is.-wondei-fully reticent?? indeed so e much so that, when one wants to:believe in- her he finds- himself -shaken :b'y thd fact' that..within a counole,of hundred -years 'she' has only spken .twice. In the-.year'1698 she was affable enough to say, in explanation to a person who saw her, "I wait for judg ment," and on another occision- she favored. ' a lady with the remark. " It is ten o'clock."? These are the. only two occasios - she has; shown a disposition to garrulity, therefore it would be difficult to- make a niarried man believe -that, the .ghost is ,teally !of. the feminine gender !,':Think'of it, oh ye hen pecked.! Only eight words in 186 years 1; What a treasure that woman' would ,be, if she could only become materialised.- : One of the meanest acts?-on:-record has t lately formed a matter for consideration'by the rNel York :Times. - It :appears that a man named John :Brown-although' which of the 4,922,361 persons of that name. does' a not :transpire-read in the paper that Janies Brown had died' at a certain, hotel.';::Now t -John: happened-to- have a brother 'of 'that I name,;: who he knew was staying ':it the t hotel namied about a month boefore.s John :1 concluded therefore that he was a bereaved i man, -went to the hotel,: identified the: de.; ceased as his, brother, and set about :the '5 arrangements for - the funeral:' The, latter i was' conducted in a handsome and-expensive 'I style, the family went into moidring, and bhad- not 1got over -their -firse transports of I grief when: one day -Mr. :-James. Brown t Scalled add expressed his intention of staying, c to .dinner. ' The family:were at first alittle t startled,-.hut on recovering-' themselves they It egilained-to their unexpected itiitorthat he ". was :dead; ;This, the ungratteful man, -on- - whose account so much' money and so much r !grief had been expended;,point-blank refused 't to believe, insisting on the fact' that he was :e as thoroughly,alive as;any.of them. 'The : .annoyance of_ ?5dr., John.,Brown .at' this ? brothermay be 'easily. imagined:." The .`on-" ,dnct of the deceased has,called foltliwell- I nmerited' reproot- from , the .-Tinie, , 'which g reasonably says,- ''if dead men Who -have fi been decently.buried and properly' mourned t are - permitted to come back auddresume I their : places among us; our whole 7 business, amd social system. will be shattered;,frand' further expresses the opinion that Mr. I 'James Brown had been dead and buried for a reasonable period, good feeling; demanded r that, he should remain-so.. It strikes me, r si, 'tlhat'JiinLae Brirovn??liki a'good- many other peiple we iieet with in every"day t life; as while it is safe to suppose that he I has a good idea of,'what is due to himself, 1 he has anfxitremely~ poor one' of vh'at:is I 'airly due to other people. If only for the eitreme meanness of the thing I would t cdndemn the conduct of the deceased man. Indeed no corpse possessed of.the slightest I iself-respect wosuld'ý denced?Oii ?'o I\shonld c rather sayrise,"t an?'?hibition of. such paltry and holly ':ineonsiderable;self- I assertion. - ____ ____ _ --to. 