? A.II Mights • Reserved. VIOLET MAVLAND. •: ' •.... t .Chapter X. Continued. BT fefiAKK LTKN. .-.•'i • • • • ' " " What is ltP I cannot make it all out.'' _ \ ^ ; *" Hothing, you are all right now, and wereion'.y startled for a time." : 5Tes, now I remember, that dreadful t woman," and witli a shudder she again sank back on the turf. Xingslce tixought she' had fainted again her face was so ^dreadfully white:and deathlike. In a few e. minutes however •she again sat up, and swn " managed to Tegain her feet. ; KingsIee's only thought was to get her luuuie as soon as possible, / for lie feared tliatiif ihat arcadfi4gip s y *gain appeared 3^olet .would have another fainting fit. '' ^Miing her teke his arm, they soon .jregtaneii^the Hall; 'eiitSiiig fiie dji^iwiiig i^opin he made Violet recline on the sofa, after piling up the cusJiions so as to make her-as comfortable s^ possible, and as Violeifc sank back exhausted he piociired a fan and gently fanned her. " Shall I ring and get some wine ?" rising to uring the bell. " If you please." In a few -minutes the wine was brought, and before' long Violet became quite herself again, and-in answer to Kingslee's question of how -she was, murmured, " I feel almost well now, but how kind you are Mr. Kingslee, you are as gentle as a woman." " I am glad you think so, I would do anything for you Violet as you know, but I do not eal I that kindness. little things that, please us to do are not generally considered kind." " I do not kn^w, but I think they are," rather languidly answered Violet. " Then I wish you would not think -so, as they are yours by right, Violet, by the right of my love to yyu, will you be my wife?" Me uttered "the words in a calm matter of feet tone, very different from the passionate one she had heard earlier in the day. But their very difference, made her remember the last words Captain Temple had uttered. "I will show hiin I don't-care," she thought and though knowing that she did not care in the least for this man, made up her mind to accept him. but she did not answer his question, so ILiugslee bent down and kissed the white brow as he said, . " Silence gives consent, my darling, so I claim you for my wife," as he kissed her Violet could scarcely keep from shuddering, but putting the best face she could on the matter allowed him to kiss her, though she felt as if she would rather be murdered a hundred times over than eudure it again. " You do not answer my darling, say I will be your wife, Wilfred?" Violet mechanically repeated the words after him, and then feeling that if much more of Lhis happened, sue would break down and sob like a baby, she xose from her couch, and urging her being tired left tlie room. After Violet had. left, Kingslee paced up and down, muttering to himself, " I wonder if she has money? whkt; a fool I was not "to have found out before. However what's done can't be undone just at present, aud if she has enough money to keep .me, it will be all right. , She's a pretty ; girl, and deuced clever, :so is Mrs. Baynes, and though I like her a thousand" times better than little Vi., still she is as poor as a church mouse, and to say the -best of it awfully fast, now Vi's not a bit of that. I wonder if she has money. Oh well if she has not, I can easily manage to get ,ttp a quarrel, and then it all will be smashed. . Well I promised to see the fair Aland this afternoon, so • I must be off. It's a wonder the two have not found "out the double game I've been playing, but they hate each other, so in that: lies my security. Good bye," and waving his hand to an imaginary being, he was soon wending lus way through the park towards liose cottage. Meanwhile Violet . had reached her rooms, and in the cairn and shade of their quietness she begau to realize what she had done. With a storm of tears, she flung herself on her sofa and sobbed herself to sleep, only awaking to find someone bending over her and that it was dusk. ? " My poor child," murmured a voice, w hich by its peculiar sweetness, she had no difficulty in recognizing as belonging to the mysterious inhabitant of the haunted rooms, "are you hurt?" he continued, •" that woman cannot have injured you after my warning to herP" " lam not hurt," sighed Violet wearily. His voice was so kind aud his manner so fatherly that .somehow' or other, she couid never tell how, she had come to do it, she was pouring out all her troubles into his sympathising ears.- He listened patiently till she had .finished, and then said. " Can you not tell this Kingslee that you do not like him " Not now, I have given my word and I cannot bre^k it." " Then of course in that case, it is impossible to try and win Captain Temple, back." " liven if I were free, I would not try," hastily and proudly answered Violet. " Is that not rather foolish ? if he loves, you he would be only too glad to mate it up?" _ *' But I am engaged," answered Violet with a weary sigh. "Of course at present you are, but I do not expect you will marry this Kingslee, nor do I wish it, as what* I have seen of the man, makes me believe that he would never "make you happy. But what about this woman?" I don't know at all, what I had better dor " Have her arrested, she threatened you before Jiingslee so that, it will be easy enough to bring a case against her." " xes perhaps it will be best, but I hate having any one arrested, and the bother of appearing in court. And then the sensation it will make." ( " All very troublesome certainly, but yon are not safe while that woman is'* at large. It is ttie only thing you caii do in justice to yourself. You had better get Major Kay.or Mr. Vass to lay the information. " Very, well, but I hope it will frighten her away without any trouble." " I hope so top, but cannot you leave Maylanus for^a tamei'" . ~ " .Kot at present, but I am going to Scotland on tiie lotiiof August wiiii the Knights, that will be soon enough." " I would rather you went now, but if you cannot thaS wiU have to do. Let me see, this is the 1st-of July, six weeks, that is-some time, and a great many things may happen before the lOttu. There is nothing for it but to have the woman arrested, aud to stay in doors as much as possible until sue is in safe keeping." " How tiresome, but I suppose I must doit?" "Yes, but where is Jasper?" "Jasper? why I have not seen him since I left the stile on my way to the railage. Where can he have got to?" "Here he is," as the dog . sprang through the window aud bounded towards them. " Well, keep him with yon as much as possible, aoid I will try and protect you .as far as £ can, though that will be very little for I do not want to be seen about die place more than" I can' help. You will promise ine never to go out without Jasper P" ; . " Yes, I can easily promise that, I like the dear old dog very much," replied Violet, as she patted the great head that was lymg on her V wise fellow, X believe he knows "we Me talking of him, see how intelligently he is lookmg up into my face, with, his great brovvn.eyes." " Jon. have quite got over your fright -of him ?" " Q u )te, besides he was only protecting you vfl&u; he attacked me." " Yes, as he thought Do you still want to see the haunted rooms ?" . ." More than ever I think, I am as curious about them.as ever." " Well I will show them to you in a day or two, and tell you my story as well, if you care to listen to an old man's 3 r arn?" " Indeed I shall, I wish you could tell it to me now?" *'. It is too late to-night, now good night, and don't let that Eiugsiee trouble you, and-don't tell him you have any money," as be spoke he crossed the room towa^ls the panaL '* Very well, I will romcmber. 'night." Good As the panel closed bc-hiud liim, Violet rose, and locking all the windows to make sure that no one could enter, she repaired to her room to dress for dinner. Very soon she was ready and went to the drawing room to iiud to her great delight that Kingslee was hot there. She had not become accustomed to her bonds to wear them lightly, but her pleasure was short lived, for dinner was scarcely over, e'er her lover appeared. To her joy he did not pay her mu^h attention during the evening, only just at last seizing a chance of speaking to her jdone, to request that the engagement might be kept a secret at least. Violet readily consented to his wish though half vexed at his wishing such a thing. To her it seemed like sailing under false colors, and unfair to others. Still she hecself felt that, at least for the present, it would be best to let everything remain quiet. Chapter XL "You are very exacting, Maud," exclaimed Wilfred Kingslee, with an impatient movement. He was sitting beside Mrs. Baynes on a seat in the garden at Hose Cottage. A Tennis Lawn stretched iu front of them, and the rackets, and balls tossed at their feet, pr ved that they had been having a game. Kingslee was not very pleased, for he had found the fair Maud iu a bad temper, a thing that very often happened., whenJie "chanced to arrive later than she expected or did not prove entertaining enough when he did come. To-day he had been much later than usual, and Maud had been treating him to one of her lectures. The contrast between her impatience and Violet's gentle calmness was vety great, and Wilfred found himself wishing that he cared more for the latter. " I am not exacting, Wilfred, but you are always at Maylnnd Hall now. I know yon are, so don't deny it." She paused, as if expecting him to contradict the assertion, but he did not, and only answered. " I do not deny it, but my cousin and Violet are great friends, so of course, I have to be there very often. "Violet! how familiar you are. I know you care for me a great deal, but you do not care half as much as you did, and that horrid dark haired girl is the cause of it," aud Mrs. ii iynes savagely kicked a hall away with her dainty foot, and looked as if it would not be safe for Violet to come near in her present state of temper. " Maud, how foolish you are, why darling how can you say so? you know I care for you. more than all the w.irld," and he tenderly stroked the fair head that was so near his shoulder. "' But darling, do not be jealous ? I must go to Mayland Hall with my cousin, and Violet May la nd is so often at Knight sb ridge, that I cannot help being a good deal with her." • " I am not jealous," pettishly answered Maud, but I know you often go to Mayland Hall when you needn't, I am sure you do," and she impatiently tapped her foot on the closely shaven lawn at her feet. " Then I sliall go always, as you do not want me here." Though the words were angry and harsh, the voice that spoke, them was soft and deep. As he uttered them, he placed his arm around her \vaist, and would hare drawn her closer to him. At that moment a carriage drove up and before he could change his position, Violet's calm bright eyes had seen them, and taken the whole in at a glance. A smothered oath came from between his teeth, as Wilfred sprang up. Violet calmly alighted from the carriage, and advanced across the lawn to speak to Mrs! Bayues. She looked so serene as she walked over the closely sliaven turf, that Wilfred thought she could not have noticed tlie episode of ilie arm, and began to recover his composure. Mrs. Jtaynes flushed, but managed to retain her calmness as Violet quietly greeted her. "I have come to ask if you care to go out for a drive with me to-day," she said in her most languid voice, a sure sign that Violet was displeased, " but I see you have Mr. Kingslee here, so T expect you will not care to come now." "Indeed that would make no difference, but unfortunately I am expecting other visitors, so I regret to say that it is impossible for me to accept your kind offer, some other day I shall be most happy to come." "I am sorry," said Violet politely, " but another will do as well." " Will you not stay and have a game of tennis?" "No thanks," replied Violet with a eculiar smile, " I never care for tennis, Eesides I am anxious to call on Lady Knight to-day, good afternoon," and Violet returned to her carriage. During the whole interview she had not cast more than a glance at Wilfred, as he stood by tlie garden seat biting his under lip in his usual maimer when annoyed. The cordage drove away, and Maud returned to the seat, but Wilfred for a wonder was in a decidedly bad temper. To be caught as he had been, was indisputably unpleasant, especially as the girl was engaged to him. He was therefore in no humor to laugh, and chatter with Maud, and only answered her gay sally by suggesting a game of tennis. They nayedfor sometime both being passionate- fond of the game, and under its influ- iy ence Wilfred nearly recovered his temper for Maud was gaily charming, as she could . always be when she chose. Unfortunately however Kingslee could not forget Violet's interruption, and after a short time he said good bye, and mounting his horse rode raj idly tpwarsd Knights bridge.. But before he reached there, he met Violet returning with his cousin. At the sight of Kingslee, Violet ordered the carriage to stop, and asked him to return with them. At first he refused, but in a minute, reflecting that the sooner they came to an understanding the belter, be handed his horse+o a groom, and entered the carriage. Lady Knight looked * anything but pleased at his (returning with them, for though Violet -had heard nothing, rumors had penetrated to Kni^htsbridge, wldcli jnade hjs cousin very angry, and wish that .he would take himself, off. Neither herself or her husband had given him the leaft hint that his presence was expected in the Highlands when they went therefor the .shooting IvTuch a* he wished and expected the invitation, he stood too much in. awe of Sir Arthur to force himself upon theiu. Their neglecting to give the invite annoyed him,especially as he had no chnuee of any other f.>r the shooting. Inez scarcely spokte a word during the rest of the drive, but Violet chattered and laughed in her usual merry way. Still Wilfred was very uncomfortable, for in everything he imagined Violet was making some illusion to the scene in the garden at Bose Cottage. He felt sure that Violet would not pass over it without a word, and of all tilings he haied quarrelling with a woman, when she had right on her side, as Violet had now. " How silent you are Inez," exclaimed Wilfred, "I dou't think you have uttered a word since I entered the carriage, though when I rode up you were evidently talking as gaily as Miss Mayland." " I am tired now," was the brief answer, while Inez gave him a swift look out of her eyes tlfiit rather startled him. " The deuce," he muttered under his breath, " Vi has been telling about the fair Maud I believe," but he did not reply aloud, but contented himself by biting his lips and a slightly deficient look when his eyes met luez. Fortunately, Violet was looking another way so tiiat she did not see this byplay. As they passed the lodge she glanced quick ly around, but couid not see Kay. She wanted to find out whether the mysterious inhabitant of the West Wing, and the equally mysterious lodger, were the same. Acting on a sudden resolve she desired the carriage to stop and alighted. " I am going to enquire bow Bay's children are! One of them was ill the other day," she said as she gave a swift glance at Wilfred, in ausucr to which he at once said— " I will get out, and wait to accompany you up to tlw house." " I shall go on," said Inez, " you will find me in the study, Violot." "Wait for me here," said Violet, as she entered the cottage. Mrs Bay seemed rather put out by something Violet very sown- -detected, and- though she talked frankly enough about her child's illness, there »eemud something behind. After chatting for a few minutes on different subjects, Violet cleverly managed to bring the subject around to the lodger. This seemed to be Mrs Bay's grievance for she exclaimed quickly— "Oh! Miss, I can't bear him, though he's kind and gcutic enough, but he is silent, and only ta Iks with Bay. Then he is always coming and going, there's no knowing when- he ma3' coniie or go, and. lya^ 'won't allow me to have any visits, and a body can't live without someone to talk to." Mrs. Ray paused and then added in a very aggrieved tone " Why only a few minutes ago he came in and found my sister here, and he just turned her out of the house, and set to aud abused me roundly. He only ceased when he saw your carriage stop. Its too bad, and ail on account of a man who is nothing to us, not but that he pays well." " What is he like ?" inquired Violet. " A tall thin man, though lor Miss I've scarcely seen him, Bay always waits on him. Why I don't even know his name. I asked Bay once, but he shut me up quick enough I can tell you, 1 haven't dared to ask him since. He has a long fair beard, and a soft voice. Ah now I mind who he is like, it»botkered me before. It's yourself Miss, though you'll forgive me for saying so. Tlie face and eyes, are just the-same as yours, only you arc dark, and he is fair. He is about fifty I tUink." Violet was puzzled at the woman's report of the likeness, but thought it must only exist in her imagination. The description certainly applied to the mysterious person who lived in the West Wing, and she began to think that the two must be identified, when Mrs. Bay's next remark quite settled the question. •'Another thing that worries me is, that great tierce dog of his, Jasper he calls him. I've seen him about with you Miss." J " Yes does he not belong to you ?" inquired Violet, though she knew perfectly well to whom the dog belonged. "Lor no Miss, as if we would want such a dog as that, aud he so fierce too. Why only a day-or two ago. he flew out upon a poor Gipsy woman who only asked for some water to drink. If she had not run away, the brute would have killed her, though Bay did hold him back." How much longer Mrs. Bay would have run on, there is no knowing, for she was a dreadfal gossip, had not her husband entered the room. The only thing the woman feared was her husband, 1 so as soon as he came in, she lapsed into silence. He was a tall powerful man of fifty, with an ill tempered face, but thoroughly reliable. After a few words to him Violet seized the chance of escape, and rejoined Wilfred in the avenue. " Whatever did you find to talk about all tuat time ?" he rather crossly asked. Several things," gaily answered Violet, elated that she had gained so much information about her mysterious visitor, and quite forgetting. for the moment that siie was vexed with Wilfred, but his cross tone recalled to her memory the episode at Bose cottage. " What women find to chatter abont I cannot make out. Why, here I have been pacing this avenue for ever so long, and of course had forgotten my pipe, so could not pass the time in smoRing—I felt half inclined to leave vou to your fate." ' " And return to Mrs. Baynes," calmly said Violet interrupting lus impatient complaint, "You may go if you like, I do not care." " How jealous you women always are.: Certainly you caught me in a lover like attitude to-day, but Mrs. Baynes was startled by a bee, and when a pretty woman clings to one like that in a fright, its against humane nature for a man not to put his arm round her waist." " Then men should resist human nature," carelessly replied Violet, not caring enough for him to quarrel about anything, especially if he is engaged, " but I want you to release me from the promise I gave you about keeping our engagement secret, I wish you to announce it and I Will tell your cousin this evening." Kingslee bit his lip impatiently, and looked perplexed. He saw at once what a fix he would be in, if the engagement came out but he was not strong minded enough to contend the point openly with Violet. " What a bore " he answered pettishly "I lufte everybody knowing my affairs, but if you like of course you may announce it." In his own mind he determined^Juit no' csarthly power would make hinfcsay a word about it himself. " Very well" replied Violet. " Very wrong I .think, X yhato people to hear of any engagement. If I had my way, no one: should know that there is anything between uS", until we were married. Bye the bye Vi, I must write to my father to increase uiy allowance, we can't marry on my present income." He watched Violet narrowly, but she did not reply as he had hoped she would, by . a. statement of .how much she had. The warning of her mysterious friend, and the scene at Bose Cottage, had placedher oh her guard. Kingslee fiudiug that Violet did not answer, determined to try another tack. "Howmuch would it take to live in the style to which you are accustomed ?" he asked. " I don't know at all" replied Violet " I have no idea wiiat housekeeping takes. 1 have nothing to do with it at Maylands." " But you keep your own servants do you not ?" "My servants?" pretending not to understand him, for now she saw that he was trying to Iiud out evorytliing. " Oh! you mean the ones that wait on me. I'hey belong to ilie house. Of course I could dismiss them if I liked, but that is all. Here we are at the Halt. You will find someone aboyt- l expect. or will you come to my siudyj" ~ "Then I am forgiven?" " Forgiven," said Violet looking. puzzled. " Oh yes of course," and she smiled peculiarly. -" That's right, but I will leave you and Inez to yourselves. I shall try and find Kay and have a 'game of billiards with him." " I expect you will find him in the billiard room then," she did not think it worth while to say that he was most likely in her study, as she had left him there with a book when she went out earlier in the afternoon. In passing the billiard room she heard the sound of balls and Bob's voice. "That will keep him" she said .to herself in a relieved voice " I think I hate him, now we are engaged. I wish I could get out of it in any way but that is impossible, except with the loss of honor." " Why Violet how changed you are," cried Inez as she entered the room, " A few weeks ago you were singing everywhere, now you are as silent as a ghost, what has come over you ?" ; Violet only laughed in answer to her friend's inquiry, but to Inez, the laugh seemed strange and unnatural. " What a lovely bloodhound this is o^ yours" Inez continue.!, vdo you uimw he would not let me enter the room, until Major Kay came aud shook hands with me, then he let me come hi, theugh be did not seem to half like it." " Poor old Jasper," laughed Violet, a genuine laugh this time. " He is determined to protect me even against my friends." At the sound of. her voic»» dog bounded forward to greet her, and as she seated lierself, couciicd at her feet with his watchful eyes lii^u on the half open window. " Why does she always watch the window Violet," asked lnejj " Oncc I heard a rustling, and he sprang up and growled fiercely. I thought he was going to spring through 'tJ» i tt-iriHow at someone, but in a few minutes he lay down again." To be Continued 