CHILDREN'S COLUMN. "LEFT BEHIND;" OK TEN DAYS A "NEWSBOY. By the Author of "Toby Tyler," "Mr. .Stubbs's Brother," Baielag the' Pearl."' &e.; [From Barpet't Young Peopk.l CHAPTER IX. THB MOMENTOC8 OCCASION. mere was every prospect that the young actors would have a large audience, and when they went to Mrs. Green's they congratulated themselves on having thought oi each a bril liant project. That Mopsey was a thoughtful manager as well as sparkling author was shown by a notice which the boys found fastened to the street door. It read— DoRes open at Habv pabst seven and had evidently been prepared in anticipa tion of the rush oi patrons which itwasalmost certain would fairly besiege the place before they were ready to receive'them. Once in the theatre, it wss'seen that Dickey and Mopsey had not "been wasting their time, for there was such a collection of cast off uniforms and weapons as would have fur nished a much larger company than theirs with outfits. The two who had gathered this remark able collection together were standing over it in conscious pride; hut Mopsey did not give them much opportunity for admiration " Now all bands turn' to an' git dressed," he said, in a tone of authority, well knowing that his command would be willingly obeyed. "We've got to be Bure to be reSdy, an' we can eat dinner after we're rigged up jest as well as not." As it was only too evident that Mopsey would be obliged to superintend the dressing of each boy, the party stood waiting for him to designate the one who should first receive attention. '' We'll start on you, Dickey," said Mopsey. Dickey stepped'in front of the busy-looking manager, hie face beaming with delight, ana his mouth open so wide that his tmiie seemed almoBt a grin. Among the collection out of which Shaks peare's characters were to stalk into view were quite a number of Mrs. Green's kitchen utensils, and nearly all of the party were puzzled as to what was to be done with them, when Dickey's toilet explained everything. Two tin covers that had evidently been taken from the wash-boilers were fastened on Master Spry's chest and back, and Mopsey insisted on lashing them on so stiongly, lest they should become displaced in the fight, that poor Dickey found it impossible to hang his arms down by Mb side, bat was obliged to hold them straight out, very much to bis dis comfort. A tin saucepan, somewhat the worse for wear, and well blackened, was Elaced on his head for a helmet, and in his and a huge oavalry Babre, To throw a dash of colour into what would otherwise have been rather a sombre- looking costume, Mopsey laced a quantity of red tape around each leg. Bat every rose must have a thorn, and Dickey soon found out what particular thorn there was in wearing the costume of Macbeth. In the first-place, 'since he could not use his arms sufficiently to bring them around in front of him, he was obliged to do without a shield, for it'would have been worse than useless; and again, when he tried to sit down, after he had been admired by his companions he found that the tin covers were so long that they doomed him to stand until the close of the performance. Johnny was the next one who was to be made happy, and perhaps uncomfortable, by Mr. Dowd's idea of costume, and his was on an entirely different scale, sinoe he was to play the part of Othello. A pair of blue uniform trousers were first put on, and then pinned up, since they had originally been intended for a man. A broad leather belt was buckled tightly around his waist, and in this was placed a carving-knife, a pistol with no lock and bat part of the barrel, and a jack-knife. An old sacque of Mrs. Green's, made of red flannel, and some what soiled, was put on as a coat, and on the shoulders were pinned epaulets made of lition to the weapons contained in his belt, Johnny had a genuine sword and scab bard fastened to his side, and an army musket to carry in his hands, that locked as if it might nave been used in any number of battles. It seemed singular that two should be con demned to stand through no fault of auy one; but Johnny also found it almost impossible to sit down, owing to the number of pins Mopsey had used to make sure that the trou sers would remain at the proper length, and he leaned against the wall by the side of Dickey. Ben's costnme required very little care, since it was simply a sheet thrown over his head; but he insisted so strongly that a ghost had just as much right to have his legs laced up with red tape and to wear a sword as anybody else, that Mopsey was obliged to give way, and do as he desired. A quantity of tape was tied around his legs, and In order to produce a pleasing effect in case his feet could be seen below the sheet, he insisted on having quite a number of ends hanging down from the ankles. He also had a belt, with a carving-knife, and a pistol in abont the same state of repair that Johnny's was, stuck into it, and then, with the ebeet over his arm, so that he could have it handy, he looked on while the others dressed, envied by Dickey and Johnny be cause he could sit down so comfortably. Paul made a very showy-looking Hamlet, to say the least. He wore a pair of rubber j boots many Bizes too large for him, with tops that reached to his knees, and were orna mented with tissue- paper rosettes. A black frock-coat, which on close inspection proved to be Johnny's best, and the one that he had worn when he called upon Mrs. Green, hung about his shoulders, the sleeves Covering his hands completely, and giving him a singular if not distinguished appearance. This-coat had been mode more gorgeous thh& it origi nally was by having gilt paper pasted to each button, ana a red' saSh tied aboufc ; the waist. in which were two , table-forks and a wooden sword, the latter , article interfering-sadly with his knees when he walked;' On his head he wore a huge' paper cap that had been painted, red, White, red blue, and ornamented with atuft of feathers that-had once done service in a dasting-brnSh. He ; also had a gun, and as the weight, of,it was almost more than he could carry, he dragged it along behind him, very much as the melau choly Hamlet wonld have been likely to do. He also could sit down, which was no small trinmph. All this had taken some time,1 and Mrs. Green had already called up the staircase : that dinner was nearly ready before Mopsey had commenced to clothe himself in such garments as he supposed Rich&rd; the Third j wore. First he put on a pair of cotton pants that were once white, Eat were now drab, and which fitted quite closely. On the outside eeama of these he pinned a strip of gilt paper,. and then drew on a pair of boots, the tops of which came up quite as high on him as the rubber ones did on Paul. Around these boots - was laced more red tape. He had a broad leather belt, and outside o£ it was a. red , s&sh; with ends that nearly touched the floor. As weapons, he wore a sword in a scabbard, a carving-knife, a portion of a pistol, and a table-fork. His coat was a soldier's overcoat, cut down to prevent it from trailing on the floor when he walked, and on his head was a paper cap nearly twice as large, and very much more ornamented in the way of feathers and red paint than that worn by PauL • The company were now ready for their ardnons duties on the stage, and could afford the time to go to dinner. More than once had Mrs. Green called out to them that that very important meal was ready, and should be eaten if they expected her to get the dishes washed in time to act as door-keeper. It was a ferocious-looking, and in two cases at least an uncomfortable- feeling, company that filed down the stairs and into the dining room, led by Dickey, who was obliged to enter the door sideways, because his arms stock out so straight as to prevent his moving through any aperture less than five feet wide in any other way. " Gracious!" exclaimed the landlady, as she . saw this queer-looking object enter the room, followed by four others more or less goigeous, and all equally terrible. " How pit earth did you contrive to make yourselves - look so horrible 1" "Mopaey did it," Bqneaked Dickey",' piteously, as if he had been accused of- some wrong deed, and earnestly (wishing that he was the ghost. "He'sMacbeth," said Mopsey, in explana tion, and anxious to show that he had only done his duty in thus making Dickey so un comfortable. "That's pretty near the way. Macbeth always gits hisself up." " Poor man!" said Mrs. Green ; "it mush have been terrible hard for him, an' he couldn't 'a had a great deal of comfort with his arms." And then, as Bhe looked over her spectacles at the miniature Macbeth, noticing that it was the covers of her wash-boiiera that he wore, she Baid, " You must be awful careful not to tumble down, Dickey, for you never could get up, an', besides, if anybody should step on you they'd spoil them covers, an' one of em's 'most new." Dickey made no promise, but his face showed plainly that he knew the danger he would be in if he should fall over, and hia determination to stand as straight as pos sible in the combat which would take place in the third act. All of the company save Dickey and Johnny seated themselves at the table; and began to make a hearty but hurried meal.. Johnny stood up in a careful manner, and! got along veiy well; but poor Dickey could neither sit down nor help himself. He made one or two vain effortB to pick up a biscuit from the table, but his armour would not . permit, and he was about to lean back against the wall in helpless indignation when Mrs. Green noticed him. " Poor child," she said, in a motherly tone, . " I do think it is a shame' for Mopsey to rig you up in such a way that you can't eat, air.' you do have such a good appetite." " He wanted to play Macbeth," said Mop sey, anxious to clear himself from any blame; . •'an' if he plays it he's got to go that way." " Yes, I wanted to play it, said Dickey, . in a tone that told he would never want to do - such an uncomfortable thing again. "£ wanted to; but I didn't know JL was goin' to be fixed so I couldn't even wiggle." Mrs. Green went without her own supper for the sake of giving Dickey his, and she fed him patiently, whue he stood with out stretched hands leaning against the wall. By the time the boys were through supper, Nelly came into the room, dressed for her portion of the work in tne evening's per formance, and even Mopsey, who the day before had suggested that she should wear a> sword, thought she looked charming in her white dress with blue ribbons. It was very near the time set for opening the doors, and already they could near a crowd of boys on the sidewalk, as they jostled and pushed in their efforts to enter before the managers were ready to receive them, Mopsey, excited at this clamouring of the public, drove his company upstairs, and hurried Mrs. Green to such an extent that she concluded to let her housework go until after the performance, and went down to open the door. (To be continued.) 