PECK'S BAD BOX AND HIS PA " Wish you a happy New Year, and I j will take it in oranges," said the bad boy aa he smiled on the groceryman, and be- : gan filling his pockets with theinsdons tropical fruit. " Just yon hold on," said the grocery- man, as he stopped the boy from taking any mora " Here's a herring. When anybody wishes another a happy New Year he shonld allow the victim the privilege of selecting the weapons, as they do in a dneL Now, oranges are' liable to give yon the winter cholera, and if they did I would be liable for damages, bnt yon take this smoked herring and eat it, and I will take the chances," and the groceryman unloaded the boy's pockets and handed him the herring. "Dear me, what a freehearted old fellow you are," eaid the boy, as he took off his mitten and began peeling tbe herring. " Here, yon'd better take back the head and akin of this herring and give me a cracker, and then I will tell yon what a brave man pa is.' " Tell me aoont yonr pa, j. navenc 1 heard any thing from him for a long time," I said the groceryman as he handed the | boy the cracker, and sat down on a half j bushel measure by thestove. I " Well, yon see, last night we got to I fariKng about haunted bouses, and pa j said there was no such thingasa haunted house. He eaid whenever any unusual noise was heard in a house, instead of in vestigating it, people got scaredand went | around talking abont the honse being haunted, and before long everybody I believed it, the reputation of the house I was ruined, and everybody was nervous. Pa said that haunted houses was on a par with spiritualism, and people of sense never took any stock in either/ He said if I ever heard of a haunted honse, to let him knowand he would go through it and investigate it in the dark. I thought to myself, ' boss, yon can't fool Hennery,' and I laid for pa. Thatevening my chum's cat came over to visit onrcat, and when it was time to go to bed the two cats were sleeping by the stove, and pa told mel bet ter put the cats ont doors and go to bed. So I took the catsup carefully and raised np the cover to the piano, and laid the cats down in tbe backside -of the instrument, among the strings, and petted them, and they went to sleep, and I shot down the j cover; and we all went to bed. Paand ma 1 sleep right over the parlonr, and I sleep j at the back of the honse. Along abont two o'clock in the morning, abont the time cats usually get woke np and begin to prowl around, there was a faint scratch ing of toe-nails on the strings, and -a yowl, that sounded as though it came from the sewec. It was evidently music, such as you get at boarding honses where a border practices on the piano for her board: I listened and pretty soon there was two ' meons' and a ' spit,' and the strings acted as though they were bring walked on the way a cat does when she pots her paws np in yonr lap and lets her toe- nails go through yonr pants. I got np and went to pa's room, and ma was sitting np in bed with her nightcap off, her hair standing right op straight, and she was trying to get pa to raise np and listen, bnt it wasn't pa's night to listen/and heput his head under the bed clothes and tried to snore; bnt I knew pa was scared. I told pa that I wasn't afraid bnt I wished he wonldletme sleep on the lonnge in his room, and pa raised np and wanted to know what the row was, and jnst then the cats in the piano seemed to have come together for their regular evening fight, and of all the moBicyoneverheard, thatbeateverytbing. Pa listened and said it was somebody next door trying to play open, bnt ma said something was in the house; and I told pa the honse was haunted, and for him to get np and investigate Pa was kind of 'shamed to be afraid, so he got up, and all was still, and he got his pants on and went ont in the hall, and just then the cats got -to fighting another ronnd, and pa rushed into the bath-room andxlosed the door, and yelled for me to open the window and holler for the police. I got up and asked pa through the door, if he was afraid, and he. said no, , he wasn't afraid, but he thought, -seeing he was in the bath-room he would take a bath, and I told him if he was afraid, I would go down and investigate, because there was no haunted honBe that had any terror for Hennery; and I went down and let the cats ont, and they got an the back fence and had a real sociable time, and after it was all still pa came ont with a towel in his hand and tried to make na believe he had taken a bath at two o'clock in the morning with cold water. I don't think it was right for a father to try to deceive hie-little boy that way. Pa most have washed himself real hard, for he was pale as a ghost when he came out of the bath- room, but he was paler still in the morning when be found the piano full of cat hair. He thinks the air from the . register blew into the piano. ButT amnorry for pa, as hehad trouble enough trying to keep from- fail ing, but he had to go to the walL" " What 1 Yon don't tell me yonr father has failed !" said the-grdceryman, as he took down the .ledger. " Great Heavens,' he owes me seven dollars," and -the man groaned.'" ' '".Yes, pa says that is the only way he can ntake.a dollars I don't know any thing about the bnsiness of failieg; bnt as'Uear'as I han get at it, by 'hearii 'pa an'd his attorney talk abont it, there is money- ih it, if it is worked right, and. if I war in your place I would work au annual failaris depmtmbhtinto my. bnei- I?! fei,iB.o get credit for all yon can, and aril 'for caah,and when yon eeU the bnt things have Bomebody that-ym o a reia&re;, or a &Uqw; Ant yon got confidence in, get on his ear and 1 get oat an attachment and dose yon np, 1 or. else make an assignment to a fallow | who stands inwith yon, and let him offer the creditors ten cents on a dollar in notes, payable in six, twelve, and eighteen months. By the time six monthB are np, j | you'ean bny the first note for fifty cents on a dollar, snd yon can fail again before | the other note comes due. Pa says there I is more money in itthanin runnings bank, land he is awfal anxious to have the thing fixed np in time for him and ma to goto Florida for tbe winter so they can get back in time to go to Saratoga next aom- | mer. I asked pa if it was honest to fail, I when ma had property enough in her I name to pay all debts and have plenty | left, and pa said he and ma were two different persona Gosh, I thought a man and his wife were one. Well, a fellow | learns something every day, don't he ! I Say, yon would - be a total failure on general principles, and if I was in yonr place I would have some style about me and bast. Yon can never amount to any- tbing going along the way you do, and never getting ahead any.- Let me tell pa's | lawyer that I can get him a job putting I yon throngh bankruptcy, on shares." I " No, rir, never," said the grocery man. " I have always paid a hundred cents on | the dollar, and I always wilL It is true I I Cannot put on mnch style, not as much as some I know who have failed, bnt I can look everybody in the face and — | bnt, my, Hennery, you might tell yonr I pa's lawyer'to come in here Hia afternoon land I will have a talk with him. If I failing is going to be the style, and a man 1 isn't going to amount to anything nnless 4 he has failed, and there is. money in it, I and yonr pa says it is honest and all j right, I might conclude to fail once for luck, but keep it dark," and the grocery- | man began to look ahont the store at the | old back number washboards, and wormy | peaches, and things that were not salable, j and wondered if it wouldn't be a good idea to fail and get rid of the old stock .1 snd hnv nnnr one nn trnsL while Hennery went ont to break the news to his pa'a lawyer that he had got another job for him.- -Fecks San. 