Brisbane Municipal Elections. Of course I am as thrilled with interest in the City Municipal Elections as a spitted beetle. There are few beings, leaving out Members of Parliament, post men and policemen, whom I revere as much as a real live Alderman. I have watched the Fathers of many a City and have come to the conclusion that for sweet guilelessness they, as a class, even surpass a green watermelon. Reporters are fond of Civic Fathers. When you see an Alderman sidling towards an ad jacent hostlery and a reporter walking rapidly so as to catch him in time to ask him " what the Finance Committee are going to do about mending the City j wheelbarrow," then you can bet that there will be an individual of the name of John Collins somewhere handy. Oh, yes; reporters have much reason to love Aldermen. * I I was once deputated to offer myself as an Alder man. It was in a new municipality on a special vacancy occasion. Three hundred out of the 369 rate payers signed my requisition, and the old woman ' consequently dragged out from the dustbin the old discarded family-heirloom coat, and I also blazed forth into the splendour and discomfort of a clean Bhirt once a fortnight. But all my supporters were also supporters of my rival. I tried to turn the election on free drinks. He, artful dodger, sent away to a distant town for a new, glossy, belltopper hat. As there wasn't another such hat in the municipality, this invested him with a dignity that awed the rate payers out of the votes they had promised to me. I felt so meanalougside of his resplendent magnificence that I couldn't find words in which to address any public gathering. He was elected, of course, and shortly made Mayor. Since then, I have not aimed at anything higher than a waiter. " Still I doat on Aldermen. When I see one, I think— For lie might have done a tweedle As a J. P. or a Beadle, Or a big Bum-Bailiffman; But, in spite of all temptations \- To belong to other stations, He remains an Alderman. A truce to foolinjg. About these elections. Two candidates have been lucky enough to be returned without opposition. These are John L. Bale for the West Ward, and John M'Master for the Fortitude Valley Ward. The other nominations received are :— East Ward—Alfred Hubbard, architect; Jesse David Sawyer, tobacconist; and William M'Naughton Galloway, outfitter. Nobth Wabd.—A.bram R. Byram, gentleman; and James Hipwood, coppersmith. South Waed.—John Graham, hotel-keeper; John M. Brydon, agent; and Ebenezer Thorne, journalist. Kangaboo Point Waed.—Robert Porter, contrac tor ; and Francis Clymer, gentleman. ; The elections come off on Tuesday next, and I pro pose to give my town readers my ideas about them. Taking the East Ward first, I tip Sawyer. Hub bard, whose principal nominator was, I am pained to observe, his co-architect of " moderate means" the honorable Jimmy Cowlishaw, M.L.C., has been a use- i ful man in his day, but is now generally regarded as a behind-thc-times fossil We want new blood. We want men who are abreast of our city's progress, awyer seems a likely pushing young particle " and ! any of the ratepayers believe in him. In connection "th East Ward, John Forsyth received a requisition stand as an Aldermanic candidate. So influentially j igned a requisition as his has never, I believe, been een before in Brisbane, and is not likely to be seen gain in a hurry. However, private business J xigencies compelled John to decline. He is con iderably enlarging his premises and is just entering to wholesale operations; therefore he deemed it . ould be unjust to the claims of his family at present devote his time to Municipal work. I hope next ear to see Forsyth a candidate. For the North Ward, Hipwood contests against yram, the late Mayor. It goes without saying that ipwood will be returned. He has proved patently at he can work his own business well, and that he ssesses a large amount of uncommon common-sense, yram has, during 12 months of office, given equally disputable proofs that he is a rank duffer—a acillating patchwork-quilt man with neither otions, nor stamina to carry anyone else's notions t. The Municipal Council has become a bear rden and a shilly-shallying laughing-stock in conse uence of his weak hold of the Maybral reins. He "mself lives in the public mind only as^tin object of commiseration and ridicule. By rain must please fall back for Hipwood. The South Brisbane Ward is chiefly remarkable for the presumptuous intrusion of the unabashable Ebenezer Thorne. He still dares to tempt public criticism, after all the humiliating exposures of his past fishiness. Of the three candidates, I would select Brydon. I have" no objection to Jack Graham other than that which I have applied to Hubbard for the East Ward. Graham belongs to the slow old school that should be made to give way to the new blood. He was a capital Alderman when Brisbane was a small sleepy village, but he has not been keeping pace with the city's development. However, owing to the irrepressible Ebenezer (who, thank Heaven! has him self not the ghost of a show), Johnny Graham will probably succeed in getting returned. There is no doubt in ray mind that Brydon would beat Graham in a single-handed contest; but whatever votes Thorne polls must, be deducted from Brydon's chance, while Graham's supporters are mostly certain. Ebenezer Thorne cannot possibly run straight even in a one horse municipal election. He had thejunwarrantable audacity to announce the other day that Graham would not stand. This was a barefaced attempt to cajole the ratepayers, and I have Graham's word for it that he never crave Thorne the slightest authority for making such a false statement. A fox can seldom divest himself of his cunning tricks For the Kangaroo Point Ward, there need be no difficulty j Porter of course, a tried, experienced and good man. » 