%\t -50titeM0r* LAY SERMONS.— No. XXXL GIRL GRADUATES. [By tht. Beothees Nemo.] In ft recent number of one of the illus trated papers there appeared a picture representing a new version of ' Town and Gown.' The old version will ba familiar to trar readers from their recollections nf the adventures of Mr. Verdant Crfeen or of Tom Brown at Oxford Xhe new version depicts a couple of fair girls, one dressed in the newest fashion from Paris. the other clad in an academic robe, and with what bojs call a *' mortar board' on her head. They are both very pretty girls, bat verily the prettier face of the two is that which is under the trencher. What would an old university don of last century have thought could he have looked down the ages and seen auch a development of his venerable academic customs? Such an invasion of time- honored precedent is enough to awaken 'the slumber icg worthies of ancient Oxford from their £nal rest and call forth their astonished ghosts to protest against the mad doingsiof this tuiy century. If one of those old con servative scholars did come to life again he would find that a real revolution was going on, in this matter of female education over the whole world. If, frightened out of England, tie took flight to England's colonies, he would find that Sjdney had among its robed students joung ladies as well as young gentlemen; that is Sew Zealand 0 bachelor's degree was not deemed incon sistent with maiften modesty; and that the rooms of the new University of Adelaide were frequented by numerous fair candidates for academiclearning. Doubt' less after he got used to the novel idea of attaching the titles of doctor, master, and bachelor to the names cf ladies, he would come to see that the change was agoodone, and was not only an act of justice to womankind, but was likely to be helpful to the o»use of learning ; and on going back to his home in 4he crypt of some old cathedral would wish the se w method all success. At all events we Slope he would be open to the logic of facts. It is surprising how quickly and yet how jgtrietlythis revolution is taking place. When Tennyson in his youthful poem of the Prin cess coined the phrase, 'Street girl graduates with their golden hair,' the whole poem was deemed a playful satire upon an impraeti cable whim. A satire it was, but whether written in jest or in earnest that poem has bad no small share in popularising the idea $hat the higher walks of culture ought to be as freely open to women as to men. Its deep truth that 'woman is not undeveloped mark tut diverse' remains unmoved, but it is now Been that the highest education is not hottile to the graces of the feminine cha racter, bntmaybecomeitschoicestadornment, This movement has not been without its Opponents. They were wont to say at first that it did sot make much matter, as the feminine mind, by its very constitution, would never be able to advance into the regions of difficult thought, and conld not climb the Alpine heights of learning1. Xhe goodly batch of graduates that from time to time have come forward to receive their degrees has shown that these predictions were not correct, and the fact that many of these girl graduates have been proudly clad in gowns made by their own fingers, and wrought ont bv their own sewine mCK£unes- faas made it plain that classics and mathe snatics are not necessnfly hostile to the needle or the thimble. When these critic! Sound that girls could study, and conld Obtain degrees, they changed their argument and said that they would never win the JiigheBt places of honor, that girls might take an ordinary degree, but would never win ithe gold medals or the scholarships, or any Shing analogous to the coveted distinction of feeing an Oxford 'double first,' or a Gam bridge senior 'wrangler.' Time wfli show. Ibis question must be submitted to the logic Of events. In the meantime we gather a few interest ing facts on this question from a recent Eng lish paper. It was only in 1S78 that Lord Crranville announced that the University of Xiondon was about to open its doors to women, and the number of those who have Obtained the honorable distinction of B.A. or B.Sc is already more than forty. To these must be added the students of Girton and Kewriham 'who have gained equal honors in the Cambridge triposes, though they are not formally admitted to degrees.' We are told, too, that no fewer than sixty young women are now studying at Owen's College, Manchester. There has not yet been time for any facts to accumu late concerning the highest degrees, but we 2nd that a certain Miss Alary C. Dawes, who won considerable distinction at Girton, has sained the M.A. degree in classics in the ijondon University. This young lady occu pies a unique position in England. She is 4he first and only female ' Master of Arts' an the kingdom. She has no compeer on her throne. She has, however, a rival who occu Spies a neighboring height of solitary grandeur. In the same list in which Master Da wes' name Is found appears among the Doctors of Science the came of Sophia Bryant Shis degree is acknowledged to be one of the most difficult of attainment, and is consequently eery highly prized. The aspirant selected as &er; special branch mental and moral science, which, includes a 'thorough and practical knowledge' of psychology, logic, and ethics, -and a 'general acquaintance' with the physiology of the nervous system and organs of sense in man and other animals, and with ?the history of philosophy, political philosophy, and political economy. This is a pretty Jongh mountain to climb, implying as it does a fair acquaintance with both ancient and modern languages. The record of her pro ?grass tells us that she gained mathematical tenors at the B.Sc. degree in 18S2, so that &er; scholarship must be of a very varied character. We do not know anything about these ladies, so that if any of oar readers like to talk irreverently about how undesirable itis to cultivate the race of ' blue stockings n we are not disposed to stop and argue with them, *Ye do find, however, that this latter lady underwent a change of name in the midst of ier ascent of Parnassus, so that she, at all events, has something in her analogous to what moves the whole sisterhood, and possesses ihat touch of nature to which the whole world is akin ; and if marriage did not stop tier ambition neither did subsequent widow Siood, nor the need for the employment of iher facilities as a teacher. There is no fear Sf culture destroying the true woman's heart or making her unfit for her station in life. Human instincts are too strong and too deeply ingrained to be uprooted by any such ptoeesa. Culture will adorn and beautify and enlarge any life that is able to attain it, fie it the life of a man or a woman. It is a little knowledge that is dangerous, not a jtborougbly disciplined education. A learned man is generally by no means a conceited man, for bis learning has taught Mm how little be has conquered for himself ont of the «reat realm of the unknown and the unknow able, and the same will be true of a learned woman. It is the girl who is tricked out with ? few shallow drawing-room accomplishments and nothing more, and whose leading is con fined to the last novels from the circulating library, that is tempted into conceit and joriggishneas. There is no reason that can be justified why a girl's education should be mainly ornamental, while a boy's ought to be useful and thorough. It is a lasting wrong So a girl to deem that her education is simply meant to get her up for the matrimonial market. Her chances in that market are certainly not to be despised, but as she has sot as good brains as ler brothers, she should fee encouraged to use them and cnltivate her mental powers to the extent of her oppor tunity. By such a course of proceeding we venture to think that her chances in the aforesaid market would be rather bettered Jthan injured, and she would be likely to turn out a store companionable wife and a wiser mother. 