.SOW HE MiANKGED THE FIiE E&TER.; O~E day Billy Kirwan, a well.known ' Dublin bill-broker of great wealth and equal shrewdness' was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window-sill in lthe courtyard of the Commercial ' niaings, a bundle cf bills for dis count. by a merchant who bad taken them in the way of business. It was JMr. Kirwan's boast that he in stinotively knew bad 'paper' by the feel of it. There's bad 'paper' in your lot, I can percicve, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seriah.tim at the lite.rah.tim,' re. aarkeda Billy, who had been originally intended by his pious Galway parents for the Church, and had in his boy hood a decent converse with the proe. liminaries of the classics. Faenum ]hiabot in corum,' he continued,' as a body might say to a spavined horse. Y'ou had better remove it, if you plase, sir, before I have anything to say to you, for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty any hands with it.' ' I am surprised to hear you say so, sir,' said the. mer chant,' and would be pleased to mei tion what is in my hand that encounters your objection ?' ' Why, a certain acceptance signed H. D'Esterre' (the celebrated fire-eater and champion of the Dublin Corporation, afterwards shot by O'Oonnell), 'and if you must kmow mjry opinion, I would not advance tho value of a brass button on all that . jackasol could draw oi the same seonrity. ' Good heavens I and why aot?' ' For a rayson I have, and mobody knows better than Mr. D'.Este:re himself,' answeored Kirwan. As Mr. Kirwau was sitting alone the same evening, enjoying .his pipe . and his glass of punch over, one of 'Mr. Gee's leading articles, or, just as probable, one of Dan O'Oonnell's earlier speeches in favour .of Catholio Emancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. The colonel was very much regretted that it- fell to his lot to deliver a hostile message to a gentleman of nuch respectability as Mr. Kirwan from one equially respectable .and estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He repeated the injurious and insulting expressions which the gentleman whom he had the honour of address ing had made use of -in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain merchant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the rounds of the city before nightfall. He pointed out, moreover, the utter iinpossibility of Mr. D'Esterre allowing such an outrage on his name and character to be uttered and to be sent to the world without demanding the satisfaction of a gentleman. 'Then colonel, honey?, come to the point and toll me what is it you want,' demanded I~irwan. 'An apology or the alternative.' ' Which means that I must eat my words ,or fight?' 'Most decidedly.' 'It can't be done for :the money.' " What money ?' said the colonel. 'Why, my inoney to be sure; the .money that your respectable friend, Mr. D'Esterre, owes me this last couple 'of years-nothing more or less than a «ool hundred, and independent of both interest and expenses. I lent it .to him first, not as a matter of business, but on his pledged word of honour that lie'd return it to me at the time promised; an' upon me honour and sowl he hasn't done so from that day to this,' The colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. 'Everything,' said Kirwan, 'in the regard of you not having the ghost of an argument on ynour side when you ask me to apologise or fight.' The colonel still could not seei it; but his opponent very soon madle him, in Ctis wise. Ie'd be a. liar and a coward to apologise, or in * .any way to retract what he had said and still felt of D'Esterre, so long as D'Esterre chose to not dishonourably towards him; and to go out and fight him would be to aot like the biggest fool in existence. 'Tare an' ages! colonel' said Billy, ' do you want me .to'fire against my own money ? On the other hand, if D'Esterre hits me he'll send me to the devil, after all ; and you know the Boripture says that * out of hell there's no redoemption.' -Vcry true, indeed, and by no means .an unreasonable way. of putting it,' nbsorved Colonel Henry; but he added, will you, if I satisfy you on the noney question' --u ' if you pay me 'that's the obaff I' roared Billy. 'Pay "youlcertainly; that's what I mean; .nt will yon then fight?' 'Li'e a ('Trojan, colonel,' cried iirwan ; ' any. ihing to oblige you, anything for peace and quietness.' 'I shall see you to. 'morrow morning again, Mr. Kirwan,' -aid tile colonel, rising aid formally \- bowing to his host, who vainly ondeoa -oured to make him take another "orum, 'just to show that there wasno animiosity between them.' You'll have your friend ready in the morning when I call ?' asked Henry, as he turned for bhe last time. ' That's my intintion, osponnded Kirwin, 'and all my wordly a lair soettle.'. Colonel enry aid no t c3s the face of inimitable drollery that MrKirwan assumed as he uttered th111 last observation, for his back was turned, and he was half-way down the ball-door teops,hailingapasesig arman. "ext morning the gallant bearer of the eartel was at the house of the chal longed party, who received him most saoioualy. ' But, your friend, Mr. .irwan ? I don'b see the gentleman, esolaimod the colonel, looking not 'a little surpriseod. ' Lave that to me,' irwan remarkeod very cooly. ' Buai. mess before pleasure, if you plaso; l?eae you brought my money ? Let's .wettle that before we proceed to the' -ntimental part of the matter.' *aertainlv.' raolied the. colonel : a here's a hunaredpounad BanIk of Jro laid noteo at or seorvice, wUriol dia. dharBes my fraend's obligation.' * And here's a receipt for that same, with an apology for your friend, which he and you would be the most unraysonable men alive not to accept and be thank fal.' ' What, then! you don't intend to fight, after all?' exclaimed the colonel, on hearing what appeared to him a most extraordinary declaration, and perceiving the perfectly ridiculous iesultwhich his grave embassy had at length been brought to. 'You won't fight,' he repeated. ' The Divil a bit, colonel honey, and that's as 'sure as my name is Billy Kerwan. I unsay all I have said of your friend, and apologise to him and yon in the handsomestmanner.' 'I can't just at this moment see,' ruminated the baffled envoy, 'how my principal is to come out of this nffair creditably in this fashion?' 'He comes out of it with; flying colours ; for his brother-citizens will think more of him when they hear he had paid his debts than if he had shot Billy ]lirwan.' 