PRECIS OF SERMON PREACHED DURING ASSEMBLY WEEK, 1883, IN CHRIST CHURCH PRO- CATHEDRAL, BALLARAT, BY THE YEN. THE ARCHDEACON OF VVARRNAMBOOL. The Church : Her Confidence, and the Grounds of it. The confidence of the Church is in the name of Cod. The name of God meanB God as we know Him, He has made Himself known in many and marvellous, gracious and loving, wave. To the fathers He declared Himself in the utterances of lawgivers and prophets ; to us He has declared Himself in a Son (notice the absence of the Greek article). When we say that the confidence of the Church is in the name of God, we mean that the Church confides in Jesus Christ — the Great Kevealer, who makes clearly manifest what is the mind and what is the heart of the Father, and who, day by day, teaches by His Spirit to those who will learn more and more of the Father and of Himself. The articles of the Creed, whereby we profess that we believe in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, are not mere expressions of our conviction that there exist in the Godhead three several Persons and that their offices are to-us-ward distinct and defined. The familiar English form seems somewhat to lack proper point and force. The expression, 'I believe in' (compare the Greek 7rt5reuw ets Oeov, &c;, or the Latin ' Credo in Deum,' &c.;) at the beginning of each section means much more than confidence that the facts are exactly as we state them ; it implies that, prompted by heart and will, no less than by reason, we commit ourselves wholly and absolutely to Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. We cast ourselves with all the burden of our sicknesses and sorrows and sins on the love of the Father, the grace of the Son, the fellowship of the Holy Ghost ; we give ourselves and all that concerns us to be succoured, saved, and sanctified, to be protected, provided for, and comforted, by the Blessed Trinity in Unity. No doctrines can be more real or practical than those which thus declare the Church's moat cherished principles ; for as often as we reflect upon our condition in this world, we must deeply feel that we have little power of ourselves to help ourselves. We cannot truly originate anything, nor can we account for anything. From hour to hour we know not what may await us ; against none of the ills to which flesh is heir are we more than very partially insured. We sorrowfully witness so many miscarriages of justice, both in great things and in small, that we seem to have too much reason to fear lest wrong should eventually triumph over right. What, then, could we desire more suited to us in our ignorance and weakness and per plexity than the fulness of faith which, the Church teaches us to profess in one who is our God, who ia our Father, and who is All Sovereign [irav to Kparwp], not only potentially, but actually ruling? Again, as we cannot help seeking and feeling after the invisible Father and Friend, and never resting until or unless we find Him, so as little can we help being woefully dissatisfied with ourselves when we ponder on the memories that cling to us and the inclina tions that seek to sway us. Before we can find peace we must know how. to deal effectually with memory and inclination ; — how to so bury the dead works of the past that they shall not be again and again rising up in judgment against us ; how to get such power over our . own wills as shall enable us to quell vain and vile and violent t endencies, and to cultivate instead yearnings after truth and virtue, gentleness and goodness. And what could we wish for more calcu lated to cleanse our nature, tainted and enfeebled by the poison of original sin, and to ease the burden with which sins actually com mitted have laden us, than what the Church charges us to rely upon —namely, the atonement through Jesus Christ, the Son of God ? Could anything short of divine wisdom have suggested a plan so suited to our crying needs, so sufficient to save us from sin's soil and guilt, and to restore to us the power whereof it had robbed us? The thrice Holy One entered into closest fellow ship with our human nature, and thereby infused into it purity, health, and vigour. As of old one contact with, the incarnate God cleansed and cured the bodily diseased or infirm, so, in the spiritual region, the same healing, sanctifying influence reaches wherever men have faith to conduct or to attract it. The Prince of Life showed us how to live, and He for us died that His blood might be made available for us sinners. Washed in it by faith, we are purged from sin and quickened with the life of God! He laid down His life that He might take it again ; through death He passed to a higher life. The same humanity which He sanctified on earth He greatly exalted and glorified in heaven. Hence the Church earnestly presses upon her children's use the sacraments ordained by Christ. For at the heart of each is the most comfortable doctrine of the Christian's incorporation with God Incarnate ; and in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper our preparation for and participation in the divine life is most movingly represented by the blocd shed to expiate sin, and offered to spiritual ly quicken sinners. God Incarnate attaches us to Himself by spiritual, and therefore most real, incorporation, making us partakers of His body, and giving His blood, which is His Yite,for us and to us, that we may die unto sin and live unto God. Once more, though God be known to us as a loving Father and 'a gracious Saviour, yet might we not have difficulty in thinking of Him as near at hand — present with us day by day, to help and to bless usTr.Is there not natural to us a sense of loneliness for want of the presence with us of One able to enter into our inmost thoughts and feelings, or, perhaps, of One to whom we should care, if we could, to reveal them ? Do we not often feel that we have failed to .??understand our brethren, or to make ourselves understood by them? Notwithstanding frequent intercourse with our fellow-men, are we not to. a great extent so many solitary beings? Perhaps on this account it was that our Saviour told His disciples it was expedient 'for. them 'that He should go away, and that a spiritual presence should take the place of His bodily presence. And when the God man had finished His redeeming work, had revealed the love of the Ejuher, liad borne the consequences of sin, had conquered death, had glorified our human nature, then God took up His dwelling, not in the flesli, but in man ; then the Church, the body of Christ, was born ; then the order under which we live began. The Holy Spirit uf Gftt}, not as a divine energy merely, but as a person, now is always with us, and communes with our spirits as only spirit can commune with spit U. He is the most constant and sympathising of personal friends, if we will open our ears to listen, we may hear His still sina.ll voice at any and every moment of o,ur lives prompting and encouraging, soothing and solacing, or, it mny be, reproving and restraining us. Pie communicates to each one of us, as we are able , lo receive it, out of the fulness of life which originate.! in the love of the Father, entered our nature when the Son became incarnate, and when He poured forth His blood upon the cross became life for men. Thus, when the Church professes confidence in the name of God, she declares that she confides in One able and willing to strengthen her children's weaknesses, to put away their sins, to quicken their longings after God, to make them meet for His pre sence, to guide them to Him, to deal with them individually, to adapt the knowledge of God and the life of God to all the varieties and peculiarities of their characters and dispositions. If we be asked to state distinctly what (besides her teaching, so wonderfully adapted in her children's experience to their weaknesses and wants and woes) is the ground of the Church's confidence, we answer unhesitatingly, The testimony of the Author and Finisher of our faith, as embodied in the writings of those men whom He trained and inspired to record and publish His words and works. We have in. our hands the four gospels, acknowledged even by unfriendly critics to be the most wonderful and the most beautiful books that were ever written. No other documents have been so searched and sifted by curious and sceptical men. Gifted scholars, rejecting the' truth of the gospel narrative, have suggested many and ingenious theories to account for it ; but such inquirers have generally, if not invariably, found themselves forced to the very unsatisfactory conclusion thafc, taking into account the time when and the circumstances under which they appeared, the gospels are the most inexplicable phenomena in existence. But of the gospels, as of all other effects that have ever been produced, there must be some adequate cause ; and the sole solution, which so far has seemed sufficient, is that which the Church in every age has taught her children — namely, that He whose lessons of deepest wisdom the gospels have preserved, and whose character of matchless moral beauty they have portrayed, was the incarnate Son of God. He is the Fulness— i.e., He is filled to full with that Godhead which filleth all in all. In other words, in Him dwelleth the fulness of the Godhead bodily wise. He is the mystical Head of a mystical Body — the Church — which derives her life and energy from union with her Head. He is the gift of God to the Church for the Church's Head, as the ministry of the Spirit is the gift of Christ to her for her edification. Well, then, may the Church be confident, for not only is her teaching sustained by the highest authority, but her Founder is divine, and her relations to Him are most intimate and enduring. Her Head, her one Foundation, her chief Corner-stone, is Christ. So far as she is true in her attachment to Him she is immovable and infallible. If we be tempted to censoriously ask, Why, then, has she so often and so sadly erred and sinned? let us remember that the Church is made up of many members, and that we each of us share her responsibility, and are more or less accountable for her condition. It may allay our discontent, quiet our murmurings, perhaps put us to , the blush to honestly answer to ourselves the question, How true and , ? faithful have we been to Christ, and to Christ's Body, the Church 1 Alas! my brethren, we must, most of us, acknowledge that our. individual shortcomings only too readily explain the practical falli bility of the body which is weighted with such belongings. But let not the moral weaknesses and ills that so abound lessen our interest in the Church. It is because of these that she exists as the Church militant here on earth. When these shall have been subdued she will be no longer militant, but triumphant. Many times when brought face to face with revolting forms of evil — when we meet ? with, even in the Church's midst, moral cowardice, sickening selfishness, meanness, and mendacity; many ways masked anddis-. guised, now assuming the garb of straightforwardness, outspoken ness, frankness, presently affecting the airs and graces of gentility and refinement, again wearing the cloak of some superior sort of sanctity — does it not calm our feelings and restrain our expressions oi indignation and loathing to remember that the duty of Christ's priests, be they lay or clerical, is never to despair of men,, but to ceaselessly strive to wean them from whatever things are vain and vile, and to win them to the service and love of Christ? When the manifold forms of sin and sordidness shall have been abolished, when the wicked shall for ever have ceased from troubling, then our work as ministers of the Church militant will be ended, our present occupation will have ceased ; we shall have, we trust, exchanged the conflict with evil which now often so greatly vexes and wearies us, but which we are solemnly pledged to wage, and; from which we dare not draw back, for ministrations more peaceful and happy far in a Church meet for Christ's visible presence, cleansed, sanctified, glorified, without spot or wrinkle or any such thing, holy, and without blemish. 