BRIAN OF MTJNSTER ; THE BOY CHIEtTiliN. [By E. S. BEOOES, in SI. XTicfiolasA Into that plcmreEqte an I legend filled tec *'n ol ln-Hnd now known as County Clare, where over rocks and bouious tne onanuoa, 'noblest ot Irian rlveiB,' rushes down past KUlaloe and Cattle Connell to Limerick and the sea, there rede one fair summer morning, many mr.nv tears aeo. & -young Irish lad. Th-t skirt of bis parti-colored lenn, or kilt, was richly em* broldered and frusged with gold; his aiar or jacket, close-fitting and silver trimmed, was opened at the throat, displaying the embroidered lean and the twisted collar of gold about his sturdy neck, while a deep purple scarf held the jacket at the waist. A gleaming, golden brooch secured the long plaid shawl, that drooped from his left shoulder ; broad brace lets encircled his bare and curiously tatooed arms, and from an odd-looking golden spiral at the back of his head his thick and dark red hair fell in flowing ringlets upon hii broad shoulders. Haw-hide shoes covered his feet, and his bronze shield and short war-axe hung conveniently from his saddle of skins. A strong guard of pikemen and gallow glasses, or heavy.armed footmen, followed at his pony's heels, and seemed an escort worthy a sing's eon. A strong-limbed, cleanly-built lad of fifteen was this sturdy young horseman, who now rode down to the Ath na Borumma, or Ford of the Tribute, just above therapidsoftheSb.au non, ne&rthe; town ofKillaloe. And ashereined in his pocy, he returned and bade his herald, Cceotan, sound the trumpet-blast. It was to announce to the clan of Oas the return, from bis years of fosterage, of the young jlaith, or chieftain, Brian, the son of Kennedy, King of Thcmocd, But ere the stroDg-langed Cogoran could wind his horn, the hearts of all the company grew Dumb with fear as across the water the low clear strains of a warning-song sounded from the haunted greystone — the mystic rock of Carrick lee— that overhung the tumbling rapids : — ' Never yet for fear of loe, By the ford of KOlaloe, Stooped the crests of heroes free Sons of Casby Cirrict-Iee. ' Falls the arm that smites the foe. By the ford of Killaloe ; Chilled the heart that boandeth f rae, By the rock of Carrick-Iee. (' He who knows not fear of foe, Fears the ford of Killaloe ; Fears tbe voice that chants hi« dree From the rock of Carrick-lee.' Young Brian was fall of the superstition of bis day— superstition that even yet lives amid the simple peasantry of Ireland, and peoples rocks and woods and streams with good and evil spirits, fairies, sprites, and banshees ; and no real native Irish lad could fail to tremble before the mysterious song. Sorely troubled he turned to Cogoran enquiringly, and that faithful retainer said in a rather shaky voice — ' 'Tia your warning song, O noble young chief. 'Tis the voice of the banshee of oar clan — of Carrick-lee.' Just then from behind the haunted grey rock a fair jouog girl appeared, tripping lightly across the large stepping-stones that foroltbcd the onlymeans of crossing the ford of KUlaloe. 'See— see!' said Cogoran, grasptag his young lord's arm ; ' she comes for tb.ee. Tis tby doom, O master !' *' So fair a ghost should bring me naught of grief,' said young Brian stoutly enough, though it must be confessed his heart beat fast and loud. 'O Spirit of the Waters!' he exclaimed, ' O banshee ot Clan C*s ! why thus early in his life dost tbou come to summon the son of Kennedy the King !' The young girl turned startled eyes upon the group ot armed and warlike men, and grasping the skirt of her white and purple lenn, turned as if to flee- when Cogoran, with a loud laugh, cried out : — 'Now, fool and double fool am I— fit brother to Sitric the blind ! Why, 't is no banshee, O noble young chief, 'tis but thy foster-suter, Eimer, the daughter of Conor, Eimer tbe golden-haired !' ?' Nay, is it so V said Brian, greatly re Iieved. 'Come to us, maiden ; come to us,' he said. 'Fear nothing; 'tis but Brian, thy foster-brother, returning to his father's home.' The girl swiftly crossed the ford and bowed her golden head in a vassal's welcome to the yenng lord. ' Welcome home, oh brother,' the said. ' Even now, my lord, thy father awaits the sound of thy horn as he sits in the great seat beneath his kingly shield. And I ? ' 'And thou, maiden,' said Brian, gaily, ''thon must needs lurk behind the haoutei rock of Carrick-lee to freeze the heart of young Brian at bia home-coming with thy banshee song.' Eimer of the golden hair laughed a ringing laugh. 'Say 'at thou so, brother ?' she said 'Does the 'Scourge of the Danes' shrink thus at a maiden's voice 2' 'Who calls me the 'Scourge of the Danes,' 2' asked Brian. ' So across the border do they my that the maidens of King Callaghan's court call the boy Brian, the sod of Kennedy,' tae girl made answer. ' Who faces the Danes, my sister, faces bo tender foe,' said Brian,' and the court of the king of Caahel is no ladias'tfiall in these hard, striking times. But wind thy horn, Cogorta, and cross we the ford to greet the king, my father.' Loud and clear the herald's call rose above the rush of the rapids, and as the boy and his followers crossed the ford, the gates of the palace, or dun, of King Kennedy of Thomond were flung open, and the band of welcomera, headed by Mahon, Brian's eldest brother, rode out to greet the lad. Nine hundred yean ago the tribe of Cas was one of the moat powerful of the many Irish clans. The whole of Thomond, or North Monster, was under their sway. When the clans of Monster gathered for battle, it was the right of the Clan of Cas to lead in the attack, and to guard the rear when returning from any invasion, It gave kings to the throne of Monster, and valiant leaders in warfare with the Danes who in the tenth century poured their hosts into Ire land, conquering and destroying. At the period to which our sketch refers, the head of this powerful clan was Cennedigh, or Ken nedy. King of Thomond. His son Brian had, ia accordance with an old Irish custom, passed his boyhood in 'fosterage' at the conrt of Callaghan, King of Cashel, in East Muneter. Brought up amid warlike scenes, where battles with the Danish invader* were of frequent occurrence, young Brian had bow at fifteen completed the yean of his foBtenhip, and was a lad of strong and dauntless courage, cool and clear.headed.and a firm foe of Ireland's scourge— the Danes, The feast of welcome was over. The bards had sung their heroic songs to the accompani ment of the cruol, or harp; the fool had played bis pranks, and the juggler his tricks, and the chief bard, who was expected to be familiar with ' more than seven times fifty stories great and small,' had given the best from his list ; and as they sat thus in the gnat hall of the long, low-roofed house ot fctwn oak that ?oarcelyrose above the stout eaitherhTamparta that defended it, twiftmes sengers oame bearing news ot * great gftttter- ing of Denes for the ravaging ol Monster and the plundering of the Clan of Cas. 'Thon bast come in right fitting time, oh, son !' said Kennedy the King. ' Here is need of strong arms and stout hewrU. How say ye, noble lords and worthy chieftain 1 Dare we face in fight this, so great a host 2' But as chiefs and counsellors were dit cuss- ing the king's question, advising fight or flight, as they deemed wisest, young .Brian ?nrnrjff into the uiemblv. w*r-axe in hand. ' What, fathers of Cian Cat,' he cried, all aflame with excitement, ' will ye stoop to parley with hard-hearted pirates— ye, who never brooked injustice or tyranny from any king of all the kings of Erin— ye, who never yielded even the leveret of a hare in tribute to a Dane ! Tib for the Clan of Cas to de mand tribute, not to pay it. Summon our vassalf to war. Place me, oh. King, my father, here at the Ford ot the Tribute and bid me make test of the lessons of my foster fcbip. Know ye not how the boy champion, Cucbullin of Ulster, held the ford for five long days against all the hosts of Connaught? Wtat boy bath done, boy may do. Death can come bnt once V {To be concluded in our nexl.) 