So dear on all current political topics was Dr. Pov'Klt's explanation of his vieo's on Monday night that it now require* very little to direct the elec tors of Mavyborousjl) to the advan tages their town will gain by sup port ing his candidature to the utmost. Putting on one side the benefit the colony would receive hv such an additional fund of experience and education, which the Doctor has at his command, brought to bear on its Parliamentary deliberations, hitherto not overweighted with such commodi ties. let us compare the candidates from a purely local stand-point. However strong may be the argu ment in the oars of Maryborough electors that Mr. Anneab promises a staunch support to the Geifftii Ministry, it cannot be denied that by clewing such a nusn Maryborough iiiK-ivsts. wiih all lu.-r Parliamentary inliiK.'iici; tied in one bag uii-k-r Ministerial bondage, are at liie mercy of the Government . This would be a happy state ofthings if the Griffith party were bent on doing justice to Maryborough, because the advent of another member on tbeir side could be welcomed as further weight to push forward her welfare. Unfortu nately. experience has taught us that Ministries; so far from viewing Mary borough with a favorable eye, have regarded her appeals with either a deaf ear or by empty promises. It is Marvboiwigli that requires strong support and the staunch supporter of the Government, the candidate to . whom a tiding over of temporary difficulties has been promised as the award of his undeviating support to (all Ministerial actions. would assuredly yield to the power which enabled h i m to seek election and at the expense of llio.se who actually cleeted him rather limn risk a withdrawal of tliat needed iissistanee. Assuming for a moment that Mr. Axneaji is elected and the battle fought out in Pa rJ ianient to be some question of vital importance to 3Iaryl)orough, such as Harbw Improvements, the Western Bail way. JJeserves, or a Jfew Bridge, on none of these would Mr. Annkar be aide to give voice or vote save at the direction of the party for whom he promises staunch support. Should the Government look favorably on any such question aii well and good, Mr. ANNiiAB'ts services on behalf of his coijstitueiite could be counted on, but ou the other hand should the Ministry frown at any of these ideas, in the whole House no representative from Slaryborough dare raise his voice, much less vote, to1 fight her battles, both mem- 1 bers for the , town having sworn that staunch'- support whicu would ' prevent their acting adverse to the Miuistry, however favorable their 'obstinacy might be to the town. An instance of this blind support may *be mentioned. Mr. Annear prob ably never read Mr. Dutton's Laud Bill, but with all the fervid oratory with which we ;ire familial-, he announces that he will give the Bill his support. The Land Bill has our support ; has Dr. Power's support, aud the support of a large majority of the public ; but few, we imagine, would have the indifference to reason to stand on an election platform and espouse the cause of so deep a sub ject without even looking into it, unless there were subtle poweis at ?work to render even the scautest perusal other than a farce. We have, to follow the compari son, iu Dr. Power's speech, a dis tinct pledge of his support to the Land Bill oil which so much of the future of the colony depends, in its main issue. But he holds himself free tojcrilicise auy of the actions of the Ministry, to vote direct against, them in any measure which is against the interests of Maryborough, and, more important thau all, lie con sider himself open to propose, in the ; teeth of opposition from the Ministry, J redresses for those repeated slights which Maryborough lias received from successive Governments, and which have done so much to bring about the present commercial depres sion. Too ofteu lias Maryborough sent to the top of the poll uieu sworn to parties, and as a residt these have pro\ ed mere atoms in ihe whole, un able to use the slightest influence to better their constituency. Are we once more to commit this error ? We hardly think that at the ensuing election the candidate who asks his citizeus l o elect him with his con science freeJrom party slavery, and who only stands pledged to uphold the welfare of this community, whether it be by supporting or opposing the present Government, will be turned aside with all his brilliant ability, professional know ledge, and travelled expsvience, known by a residence among us of many years, for the sake of one who having sold himself to the Govern ment, will at all times have to lift his voice against the advancement of his electorate as the beck of his pur chaser shall declare, whose moral force in the House would, if for that reason alone, count as uotbiug ; and who, taking him as a man, it is pos sible to look upon his like at any time when we shall be so unfortunate as to need such representation. It would be as well to take into account two measures Mr. Annteab will, by carrying out his policy, and apparently his only policy, of uiisweiving subservience to the will of the Ministry, assist to pass. Fii-st, with regard to the Ipswich works, though it has been denied in a double tongued manner wliicli we regret shows only too plainly that lawyer influence and the political intrigues, known uudei- colored language as statecraft, are fast causing our, at preseut, solitary member to get rid of awkward ques tions by forcing forward as foefcs a quivering ghost of the truth, and at times the shadow of the ghost, that the whole of the rolling stock for the colony ?will be manufactured ere long in that hornet's nest of political dodgery, Ipswich, we have the avoidanceofa direct negative from the Government and information from the press interested to show that such is really the case. Mr. Aknear, by that shallow policy wherewith he has cloaked himself, is bouud to support this measure, aud will thereby lend a helping hand to rob this town of £400 a week in wages, which had every hope of a large increase. Dr. Power promises to leave no stone t unturned to upset this misehevious design and sop to keep on the Minis terial side the Ipswich bunch. Secondly, Mr. Anneae is bound to support the introduction of Maltese ,and Italians to Queensland. Mr. Gbiffith intends to rid us of the leaser evil, viz., kanakas on cane fields, and will flood the country with a lot of cheap Italian nrtizaus, who can use the knife as well as any tool, and who will simply outvote the present incipient nationality. These we are to welcome to our shores simply because they are not black in face, and it is these hordes of ' white kanakas ' who will work at 5s a day whom Mr. Anneab, following his staunch Government supporter principles,' will assist to populate tiie country with. Dr. Powee will condemn the idea to his utmost. It is high time then that some of the electors of Maryborough should awaken to the fact that in voting for Mr- Anneab they are not supporting the champion of the working classes, though that cause has been claimed for him amidst a gaseous How of windbag verbiage sufficiently imita tive of oratory as to deceive tbe superficial listener. In Dr. Power's remarks on Monday we had no such failing attempts at theatrical effect, and no straining to give other than a common-sense business like view of matters. We venture to predict that the characters we have given of the speeches of the candidates are i ncl i fta- tive of the actions of the men. ? Tub crowd being so great on Baturduy night it was impossible for the kUiII' at 1 the disposal of Mr. Stupart to give that attention he desires his eustomo-.s to be shown. No time should lie lost to visit this sale, and particular attention is eallflij to a line put out by Mr. Hrooks, and not nreyjoUHly mentioned, viz., u lot of short lenijtljs Qf plain and fancy silks and Ha tins at Js. per yard. J|e 111 time, otherwise you will blame yourself tqr being remiss. Dookan ami Hani.hv's stocktaking sale is now on. Great reductions in all goods for cash only. Mb. Hughes, Dentist, will bo absent from town till Saturday next. To avoid all mistakes ask for Wolfo'K Schnapps md by a continuous use oitbat celebrated cor dial, aeurc for yourself An oxtenddd Iorsc or life. 