T&AXNDftl; HOOT. Haao^K:itoro„. whilst Chloc and Xemia wen t fast. The Broker and Yasco worked together, as did also Leporello and Auchen dartoch. Allender started off at half pace, and wound up with a spurt ol half a mile, which he covered In boja. Dirk Hatteraick went a round of the sand at Ida best, five furlongs of which was covered in lm. 10s.; and Josephine was notioed striding along with her usual freeioin. frjingpan went on the tan in his clothing-, and Plaudble and Commotion canterel | on tlie same track, whilst Duration was given a good sweating on the sand. Lavington went a round of the outer track in fir-t-rate style and time—in fact, one of the best gallops of the morning. Tempo, Monte Christo, and lolantbo went slowly in company; and the next batch were Tre mando, Bargo, and Hastings for the same unimpor tant work. Martini-Henry and Despot, however, were sent along for a good working gallop, spurting home the last two furlong3. Lord Exeter, rayo, and Unice took matters easv; and Cairo and Wolseley went half a mile in real good time; whilst Anarchy and HHdne had a round at half pace, followed by Conjecture and Ques-work. Sir Modred and Bristol were sent a couple o! miles for a sound working gallop, the smooth action of the Metro|>olitan winner pleasing the few touts present immensely, though Bristol moves frcelv and well. The Sydney arrivals, Rapid and Battailous, made their appearance, doing a useful working gallop. Beth are taking-looking horses, Bapid especially so, whilst Battailous, like the chesnut Lord Wilton, has a black dis tinguishing mark on his near quarter. After breakfast Signor And Prodigal strode once round the ground for good work. The Agent and Surrey did nice pace work twice round the Band ; and Ix>rd Wilton and Gratitude wont a brisk gallop of six furlongs or thereabouts. Mr. W. K. Damn's two year olds were indulged with easy work ; and Vcrgy, after a turn on the tan, went round the outer track in his usually smart style. A number of other horses were down during the morning for unimportant work. Tuesday. Two or three trainers at Flemington seem bent on I circumventing the diligence and perseverance of the (outs who supply the doings of the horsos to the dif ferent newspapers. This morning, although a -harp frost prevailed, one team of horses had been worked by half-past 8, that is to say, " by the pale moon light." Equally determined are the watchers not to be outwitted—at least some of them have expressed their intention to be on the spot all night. We con sider this secrecy alike futile and mistaken. Galloping in the cold night air has injured and destroyed the prospects of good horses crc now at Hcmiogton, and we could, if we so liked, give the name of a first class three year old that a couple of seasons hack was constitutionally and irretrievably ruined; at all events he has never been of any use since However, proce.-ding to the actual business of this morning, the first- pair wc noticed working strongly at dawn of day were Leporello (Pigott up) and Vasco, who went a mile, half of which was covered in 51$8.. and five furlongs in lm. 9s., the finish being amongst the mist and trees. Gratitude went slowly on the tan; and Anglesey did a working gallop on the outer track, whilst Hawthorn and Mary Louise made a mile in lm. 63s. Esmond and Sauvignou began slowly aud spurted home, trnd Lord Wiiton went round the sand fast; Miles and Impulse being also extended. Yernet and Victress were started off on a fast round, at the end of which the mare was pulled off, the colt recording lm. Sljs. for six fur longs. Robert the DevO was not visible tois morn ing ; Rebus went a good gallop of a mile, and Merry Cbri°tmas finished with a fast three furlongs. The Broker and Dirk Hattcraick had a strong mile and a quarter, the first five furlongs of which wasdonein lm. 108\. Plausible was doing useful half-pace work; and it transpired he answered a question most satisfactorily on Friday morning, subsequent to his spin with Ment morc; hence the good grounds for the Rig commission quietly executed in his favour on that daj", followed by an extended run on Saturday. After Plausible had returned to the sheds, the spectators were again treated to one of Frjingpan's very best displays. The* sturdy son of Bethnal Green was sent a round, the three first furlongs of which showed tOsec., a mile and a quarter 2ua and the entire round 2m. So|s.—very good time consider ing that the horse did not appear to be going at his best in the fire furlongs home; in fart, was eased in the last furlong. Amelia Victoria next called watches in demand, as she ran five furlongs in lm. 9s. lolanUie and Tcmpd went a real good gallop, with the following recorded times : — Three furlongs, 40sec.; half a mile, Mjsee.; five furlongs, lm. 8s.; six furlongs, lm. 21s. Battailous went by himself for a round, covering five furlongs in lm. 9s., Ms fur longs in lm. 24|s , and the ends in 2m. 86a Then Rapid was despatched with Hazard, and the pair did a good working round. Hurricane strode along the sand; Duration, with Josephine, did a strong nude; Pro digal and Signor the same, followed by old Commo tion. Uralla, with Hales up, osnterad; and then Auchendarroch and the Rivalry oolt went three quarters of a mile for a working gallop. Monte Christo and Erie wound op by making three fnriongs in 41s. Hastings, Favo, nod Lord Exeter went a fast mile, seven furlongs of which was oovered in lm. 89a., and two furlongs lees in lm. 10s. Lamond's three youngsters cantered round, and then Bargo and Tremando appeared on the scene, going slowly to oommence with, after which they spurted, making five furlongs tn lm. , and six furlongs in lm. 23 J a Guesswork Cantered slowly on the tan; and Arsenal add Danseuse, after going slowly, wound np strongly. Meteor and King's Messenger went a mile; mid the next pair that attracted attention were Martini-Henry and Despot, Ellis bring on the former and Hales on the other. The gallop was smile and a half, and the following are the several times:—Five furlongs, lm. 8s.; six fnriongs, lm. 23s.; a mile, lm. 50|a; a mile and a quarter, 2m. 19s.; the round, 2m. 83s.; and the whole distance, 2m. 47s. After a pretty long interval, during which there was little worthy of notice, The Agent provided the speediest I round of the sand this morning. The time was 2m.! 901s., and as the last half mile was comparatively slow, the gallop must be classed as one of the best this season. Breakfast over, the remaining teams came down; but nothing sensational was done, most of the horses being favours i with mild exercise. Thursday. J The heavy rain that frit on Wednesday night com-1 pletoly put a stop to strong work this morning, both I sand and tan trades bring flooded in some places. I The few horses down were restricted to cantering and light exerd$e on the tan. . In the afternoon the wind had sufficiently dried the going to admit of a little strong work; but nothing important was done, ex cepting Bargo and Tremando, the former of whom nearly slipped np when goinga fast gallop. Catching Tremando, however, the Darby favourite finished in great strix Helene also strode along the tan. Friday. Although the rain had deseed off, end rendered the track* fair going, very lew hones had strong work. Amongst them Sir Modred and Bristol were extended on the ton, end Privateer end Warwick went fart. Lord Wilton, Gratitude, and Sandal also want s good gallop. Sohn after breakfast rain again art In and •topped the work of the teams that oome down later CA0LFIELD, Tuesday. A white frost carpeted the running track this morning, Novertbefew teainers wars at burineas soon after 6 o'clock, R. Bowe doing slow work with Chester and Nonsense, when W. HIginbotfaam took pusauation of the tort wRhjDon<$uixofe and Tissue; after doing * osnter. ttp pair strode alongfora woric^gydk^of over a gBjxVatriy following; and the son of Warlike, who epdMtsabtt of form, went twioe rotoiL1«2^l^ i*^ Mrt me to three qnarter paoe. R-iebdlm and Syphon did ustful pace work m the-ssofffor a ooopla of ndlee. Capri, aooompanied by Ik Rowe's Polestar, went twioe round tiM nntmnt ground, the Jaat one at a rtrongish mm toe am of Tattcndon went very sluggishly, -Nirtolk, The Ghost, Graoe Darting, Run» Surra, and Nunoio wen all tro^' tocaufaahmwork, .Angler, Veritas, and Midnlgbt AW rii^r enrol^ Ooririjmus __ *^5^*.Bpbsmianrt half naoefor a oirole of the tun, Deoriver and jOptario doing brisk pane work for a ooupB> of mflee oqthe mod. Mosart and "of^ZfM^Mg^g^ineMttiu" Imdtn? rteepleetolefwKSto' was b^-Xf1 fM ^^rtttHmoxsniw po°tbeeand, UOmuI was striding along lorn ooople ofmiles on the running track, but «» Wg hprra aqemad to {nova lasi^y, w WMdojogpoae aft <eo JNLMWd.. IWodton, a&afoMtto-.; brer four furlongs briskly; and Oflderoy. i ^ " TWkbd on ge Alod; when tha latter Oret the tmrtfieaaoqulttingUmarif as also Egbert and on Monday over WMoaotering. *"15; at -Gunerine heLriWd doing , — pentswd round along over seven furlongs, — wttaoweiin) Wo Mssapuei were ell indulged In extended work, Mr. Shaw having Sprightly schooled over the big timber. Thursday. Heavy rain storms at intervals, which continued up to breakfast hour to-day, had made the track slightly holding, though the running ground was in capital trim for galloping. Trainers were not at busi ness early. The work continued up to 11 o'clock, and the morning was more like midwinter than spring time. Mr. Dargin was the first In search of the worm, and sent his two-year-old filly Umbra, who only can tered. it owe was giving Nonsense and Ch osier some good work. Higinbotham treated Don Quixote, who had Polestar for a oompanion, to a sharp gallop over a mile of ground on the running traok, the Don going in capital form. Le Grand was doing striding exercise over a oouple of circles, ths last round at an im proved paoe, the big horas looking uncom monly welt. Oapri did some serviceable exer cise, and was joined by Tissue at the mile, the pair running home at a strong gallop. The two-year old Eglinton cantered. Mozart did some smart work, and went in excellent style. Friendless and Syphon were doing long exercise on the sand, where Nautilus also worked. Mr. Connolly then sent 8c!sure and Angler for a schooling over the hurdles, and they acquitted themselves well. Canute wae working, and Kingfisher, after cantering a round of the running ground, was joined by Egbert, the pair running the last half mile at a brisk gallop. Melodious did a long canter alone, finishing the lost half mile at a sharp pace. Both these youngsters are looking exceed ingly well. Coriolanui was exercising with The Bohemian for nice work. R. Ba'.ty sent Yatclv a striding gallop over a mile and a half. The grey horse never looked or went in better form. Deceiver performed strong work on the sand. Ontario, who looks in rare buckle, after doing a cvnter, joined Cupola, who had had Merry Fenella In -a gallop over a mile, and lie led Mr. deeland's twit at a strong pace for a mile, the son of King of the King executing a mile-and- a-half gallop; but it was not a good performance, Ontario bowling along smother half mile. The Laird was doing oxercise on the sand, and Scaramouch performed a useful paoe gallop on the running track for twioc round. The steeple chaser Straggler did serviceable exercise on the sand. Mr. Davis worked Dargo and Camcrine in com pany, and alter cantering a mile and three- quarters, they ran homethelavtthrce-oUartcrsatasharpgallop, the mare going especially well. Ditto was in company with .Spartan for a run over the hurdles. Tne latter horse aftcrwaru; went a mile of the turf at&strongish; gallop; and Ditto then joined David, who had been cantering, the pair running seven furlongs for a nice gallop. The Guineas colt went well. -U. Gray was doing useful exercise with his team—Irontaand, Gasa licr. Tattler, and Northern Light. He sent them in Indian file, and they strode along at three- parts speed the last round of the turf; the two year old, Gasliurner, running a smart pace the last half mile. These horses exhibit capital form. Gilderay was doing a long cantor, when Mr. Reid brought out Nor folk and The Ghost, and, commencing at the top end of the straight running, they ran a strong gallop once round the turf, Grace Darling joining at the mile post, and though she finished in front, the eon of Stockham went well. Beresford was doing a strong gallop on the turf for once round after cantering, whicn concluded an excellent morning's work. 