SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. We yesterday gave Silver King in the scratching for the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups It was a mistake, Gipsy King being the horse scratched for the two events From the continued support awarded Hurricane by his stable for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap the colt advanced at noon yesterday to 100 to 18 taken and wanted At the Victorian Club in the afternoon 1 600 to 200 was booked in one hand There were a few inquiries for ]> no backers accepting 100 to 5 to win a few centuries. Double event books are opened on the Grand Handicap and Metropolitan at 100 to 5 BAIRNSDALE WIM LU SELLING [BY 'little vPII] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) BAIRNSDALE, 'Thursday The winter races to day) were a great sue cost The weather was magnificent the attendance large and the racing capital During the race for the latter Muto ran May against a post and injured his knee severely The following are the results - MAIUfcX 11- it Or 10 seas Once round Mr J Millbourne lioQuondonir 5yrs 8st Dib 1 Mr A Smith's b I Oporatlc 6yrs 12st lib 2 Mr J Calvert's g g Tomba It, 5yrs, 8st. 8lb (in the Uni 3lb overweight) 1 Quondong made all the running and won by a clear length Time 1m [is MIDWINTER HANDICAP, Of 25 sobs One mile and a half Mr G Davis's b c Ditto 3 yrs, 7st 12lb, include water Clb o\cr«el(,ht(M O Brien) 1 Mr G IlustsbglievlUhoof 6 yrs 8st 10lb 2 "Mr H Woods's br m Lady) bark 4yrs 8st (lb J M others started A stolen lid race, Ditto winning 1) ahead Time in 59s HURDLE RACE, Of 50 Sovs Once n He and a half Mr T O M Douay his b of Purple 3 v rs Ost lib 1 Mr A J M'Leod s b g Baron aged 10st 4lb 2 Three others started, but ran round the third hurdle HANDICAP FLUTTER, Of IG seas Six furlongs Mr G RmtsbgDovIlshoof 6yrs Cut 2lb 1 Sir A Smith s b f Trebizonde, 2 yrs 6st 12 , carried Gib overweight 2 Mr J M Grades he And Rich 4yrs 6st 121 1 Bei on others started Splendid race was on be) half length Time 1m On BLLUVa HACE ClOses Onooiound Mr E A Johnson Boa s b g Orphan aged, 8st 121 1 Mr J B Curry s b g Gift aged 8st 12 2 Mr L A Johnson Bees b g Dvrou 6 yrs 8st lib 3 Lady Ore) also started Old Gift made the run along all the way till near the post when Orpl au draw up passed him, and won by a length winner sold for 26 says GEELONG RACING CLUB WINTER MEETING The following are the acceptances for the Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the Geelong Racing Club, to take place to morrow Saturday - many- RACE, Of 5 sons each with 70 Sovs added One mile and three quarters st lb Mr T Jones s b g Merri, 0 ) rs 11 Mr E) M Johnson s b c. Sir I tried 6yrs by 0 Mr I Whitehead's be bUr need 10 8 Mr It llillll|ssbhIiitMibblc9 4yrs Did Mr J Simpson s b h Sir king Fund 4 yrs 0 8 KAU WAV STAKES Of 3 sovs. each with (30 Sovs added Six furlongs st lb Mr J Ware s this Irralco Byra 8 16 Mr J 1 attorson s br g Black Diamond, aged 7 12 Mr S Miller a b c 1 Willeroo Size 7 11 Mr 3 D Robertson s like Precious Stone 3yrs 7 11 Mr R Ihllllus'sbcrbrf Amelia Victoria a yrs 7 3 Mr Vt Branch s oh it Holme Fortune, 2 yrs 7 4 Mr J Burns's b of Don J re 0 7 sEEn E CHASE Of 5 Sovs each with 100 sets added About two miles and a half st lb Mr M toiielilin s li g Fame 6yrs 11 2 Mr L. Day's ch L Blanc Away by rs TO 12 Mr N Wilsoimbi. Katunga 6) in 10.10 Mr J Horne's bri. All Serene arM 10 5 Mr W Horansbelho Baron 6yrs 0 12 Mr J W Kirk's b m Maid of the Mist 6yrs DI. Mr J B OUI s b g Gilderoy aged 9 7 Mr W 1 cases s ber 1 rp; Bard of Erin 4) rs 0 7 Mr W B Cumming it's br g Sir 1)0118 4yrs U 7 WIND £11 HANDICAP Of 5 sons. each, with 100 was added One mile and a half Bt M) Mr J W Wilson's jun ch h Guesswork, 4 yrs 0 b Mr J W ure s cb h Irraloe 60 rs 7 12 Mr J V>hitt)sgc Gul 1 aux ago I 7 8 Mr J Patterson's b! u; Black Diamond aged 7 7 "E J D Robertson's like Precious Stone, 3yrs 7 3 Mr H Fisher's b m Empress 5yrs Bill Mr W Calvert's eh Yellow Hammer 3yrs 3 3 Mr J Whittingham s b o Jimbour, 2)- (6 7 Blue FLAT RACe, Of "5 sons Six furlongs Mr W Call or s iff Sulphur Oils nil Mr It SmlloysbrcTjrono 4 am by Mr J Davis's b of Don Mrs ¿»G Mr J) S W Wallace s b of Mrs Jane) 8 ) rs nil Mr S Miller bro 1 an 2yrs ill Mr A Day s g m Josephine (his nil Mr J Small s b h Hannibal aged nil Mr J O Inglis s b g Scaramouche 0 yrs, nil Mr J V Ijings bril Petrel, 6) to, nil Mr J D Robertson's bor bril Kohinoor, ears, £'5 HAvracir TROT those scratched S) hil -0 Spark 260 Lubra 800 Scrubber ., you Nell 800 Little Dick 000 Capt Darbom 700 J D ROBINSON, Sec. G 1LC HAWKESBURY MEETING [BY SPECIAL Will-] (FROM our OWN COI«IESPOI.DENT ) LADY] Y, 'lllUItSDAl The following are the entries for the Hawkesbury Race Meeting to be held on the 21st and 23rd August - MURDER It VC Club pennants Despatch Statesman Omadhaun Counsellor Alpha Dundrcar) Camel Dizzy PUBLIC AUCTION STAKES Drummer Boy finesse Last Chance Minumurra. Miss Livingstone Canada and favour Kathleen May our Silvester Paul near W li) Not Little Plain) Gljs) King Oaklands Nepicalliua MUUEV lliATE. Coir Cairngorm ScpioalHoa Dilemma Colt Tempo Asia (late Acme) Sister Teresa Burgess Prince Inn. trial Stone, Albert Edward landplane Greenstone The Orphan TWO YEAR OLD STAKES Zanoni Crystal Crown Jewel Uni uncut Remembrance Sister Unice Timber Colt Rose Olive Noondoo Brick MEMBERS' HANDICAP Drummer Boy Finesse Buljroa Bryan O'Lynn Minumurra lionel dew Tambo) Uoimie Ueu His Worship KathlceiiMaiour Here s Luck Bramble Reef near Port! 1 Peter families Maggie Moore Princesses Units Hilltop Gipsy King, at 'et teresa Die On] hall Waxworks Day 1 privateer epicurean Druiiuiier Boy ran our Silvester Bramble Bobo Paul Greenstone Wit) Sot Little Jimmy Mornington Gipsy kin,? Uproarious L VOTES IIRICCLIT BrvanOIjnn Minumurra 1 since Imperial Boscawen Miss 1 rhinestone Omadhaun Little Nell Kathleen May our Silvester Albert h Lil and been Diaz) Hilltop Slrltobert Waxworks Dileu ma Colt Oaklands COURSING. MOONEE VALLEY A MEETING Jua 11 Stew aids Messrs M M'Culloch P Chun side R Watson J Hearne 1 Bromell H Patterson J M'Culloch A S vi in O W luttinglinm 1 Ing Stt word-Mr A H Cox Slip Steward Mr W S Cox, Jim badness John M Crum Slippers Wilson Secretary Mr H H Roche MOONEY V VLIIl 01 IN STAKES rorlOall beset £5 Ds each winner £20 second £20 third and fourth £7 each expenses nil total 64 Mr 1 Bayley s lewd Carbineer b) Grenadier Bertie heat Mr H Grave, a For t w h Loo, b) f anuluiuscr-1 young Lottie Mr H Patterson be w d Erato II by fire In Hood-Nemesis bettMt H Fraser s r w b Duchess of Kos 1) Chesterfield Rev Hose Mr A bri but as we bled p Sam 1 v Metrician just. beat Mr J I Saqui na w k b Alice by land laden against a Hon W M'Culloch s skins Motor by Chester Mint beat Mr J Whittingham s r or of U Wild Teddy, by Master F- Edwardes and the Hon. W. M. Tulloch s ok w d Manifesto b) Tumult -Gazette beat Mr T Tilley us 141: w b p 1 entries i a j by Cal for Honour and Glory Mr A S Thompson s bk w d Arrow (late Traveller) by Milverton Aral, beat Mr I O Shanassy and Bill Harry is by filly Hurry-Lad) Mr J M lines w bk b Queen of Hearts by Whlstllnjt DIe Lady Timor beat Hon T Bromell us bk w d p Nixon by llanaghor-Harebell Mr It, is Klntr us bk w d p IIlilstlinc Ben by Whistlliu Bick-fralrlo Girl beat Sir W J Clarke, few b Ivoepsaltu, by Hermit-Oa/ulle, II Pirates beat Carbineer Meter beat Sam Manifesto beat Arrow Queen of Hearts beat Whistling- Urn Hon. W. M. Tulloch a bit w d Manifesto, by Tumult Gazette, beat Mr Harvey Patterson's be w d I Irate II, by Robin Hood Monies and won the stake ASCOTVALE OPEN STAKES, For 16 all ages, at £3 8s. ton Winner, £80 Koond, £12 , third and fourth, Li Is such, expenses, nil Total, £50 6s Mr J W Wolstenholme us bk w U P Manse by Banaglior-nareholl beat Hon. W. M. Tulloch . r b Miss Katie, by Barefoot-Bur Mr A Scott who Lady Dundas by Duke of Bucclcuuh-Bashful Hess boat Mr G Wul.Um.luun s bd w d p W olscloy, by by x-W on Mr W WhvkcsabkvvbWhat built, by WorKing Wait a while boat Mr A Do not as r b p Uah, by Capital Honour and Glory Mr H Patterson's f w d p Palnstakor by Ko hellion-Wostoria, beat Mr A Bishops bk w d p Boxes, byTImld Jeoffrey offer Mr J M Rae ? by. Mr H hall land, law radiance Fatanlska bent Mr J Daley s for i b Lady Jocelyn n, by Castor Rose Mr L. C Lawford s bd will p Commotion, by Master To-Day eh s Boy, beat Mr I Willsiuoro s bk w b Whirlpool by Whirlpool Mr C Inman's bk w b Cinderella II by Master Sam Hot), beat Mr It Ora) s OK xv v Glencoe, by Billy Hurry-Lavcrocit Mr M Hardiman so far (hurdler by took Worth even beat Mr I Kolon s be w b Hnnipilcn Star, by Ilanii den-Star of the local is Lady Dundas 1 cat Manco Palmistry or beat What Lui It Commotion heat I attend Gambier beat Cinderella II IV Mr Al Hardiman saw far Gambier by Jock Weird ove beat Mr A Scott's bk be Lady Dundas h) Duke of Buccleuch Da hful lies and won the stake I TUESDAY The first meeting over Mr W S Cox Moonee Valley Plumpton was held today), and for a beginning must be classed as fairly successful 'The Times, it is true made a very poor stand against their pursuers, a bare half dozen only getting out of the coursing ground in his drawback, however has been the inevitable experience at over) enclosed ground in Australia and therefore time must be looked forward to for the perfection we now see at other places There is one improvement, though, that Mr Cox might attend to one another meeting, and that is the paling into bounding the escapes It is only about 6ft high, and therefore no obstacle to an) grey) hound A yard of wire netting on the top of the fence would answer the purpose 'the escape out lets, also, did not seem to be of much use at all events two or three horses that ran into the shrubs fronting the holes were pulled out by the dogs we would recommend the construction of the escapes at the Sherwood park Plumpton as a model The attendance was very en couraging , a considerable crowd collected as the afternoon wore on A commencement was made at a few minutes past li, and there was no delay in driving out the hares for 20 courses had been decided prior to an adjournment being made for the excellent luncheon provided by Mr Stalker Me think, however, that both stakes ought to have been run to the union limit before the interval for in stance, four dogs were left in the Moonee Valley Stakes, and eight in the other event of the reasons it is unnecessary to say more than that the Glenroy) kennel was again in form, as Manifesto won the principal stake very easily 'The general arrangements were beyond criticism , and here we must comply ment the veteran Wilson on his slipping, for it quite reminded us of his best efforts in the old country by ears nose The settling over the meeting is fixed for this afternoon at the Victoria Hotel at 1 o'clock The following are the details - MOOVKK V AU.sr STAKES -Carbineer In a circling run-up showed pace turned, and came down on his nose at the second drive butter Issue never was in doubt notwithstanding as Mr Darcy door wound up a hollow affair with a handy kill I irate II cleared out from Duchess of Kew and when he killed had scored everything I am a single point. Sam took a long lead trout Alice, and allowed her over) moderate show in a tool trial. The bitch was evidently feeling- the effects of her last weeks W errtbeo pumpkins, Meter led upon the outside and was so hand) without game that Wild Teddy was only allowed a solitary pointon Biifferanco Manifesto dlsplaycdxoiisldciab.y more pace than Foltilm Fay in the racing stretches which won him a, bad) mu course, for the bitch was much the better at close quarters, and her wind up was very smart Arrow raced pout DHU Jlurrj II for wild rush, but won a short trial very easily Queen of Hearts was four lengths faster than Nixon, and lost command at the time ( but cut in for a crow kill after the dog had scored on LO V lilatlinff Den went quiescat from the slips, but Keepsake stretched past, turned and served him doc for one or two Bitmrt n reaches, when air W J 61 tri _ n bitch cut in clovelly killed, and looked an easy winner, but the verdict was for the other t hat Ties -Cnrhlncor never saw the hare til! I'lratc li lyid knocked It about to. u or three times, when he got on terms, Mr L'attcuona don: had the best of it to the escape, and got off with a lucky course Meter outpaced Sam, anddklinobt with aetroiifrharu, which how in or, came to grief BO EOOII as it popped into the the clump of ltiirjhc6v Manifesto drew past Arrow, and throughout a good trial always showed prom a neatly . pass, in this instance got clean away officer of Heart, cleared out from W nistlhiif Ben, turned to love, and put in the dog, who scored a couple, after which the Queen res u mod command, and brush con siderably the best of it when the hare was killed be tween them second The. irate II was a couple of lengths faster than Six ter, and, after a good work I am trial, the bitch killed, and was well beaten Manifesto drew clean away from Queen of Hearts, steadied himself upon rcaohUiK the name, and killed at once Deciding Course -Manifesto became ur.f_igl.tcd had put up with a good lead and after drh incline hare " .. - . ....... ... vale wromjj,C{] AHCOTVAW STAKe Manto was favoured by) a circling bare for first honours raced past for two more, and opened the way for the ril, who wrenched twice killed and put herself out Lad) Dundas came towards the crowd with a bare lead of Wolseley handled her game very smart!) and allowed the dog- nothing' but a wrench an 1 kill What Luck tot upon the inside and nailed a weak here before Uah had the ghost of a chance Pains takes a disposal of lines was precisely similar Lady Jocohnran round a tree and never saw the hare whilst Falkland went straight into a miserable life Next time Falkland took a strong load and had it all his. own way till puss escaped, when lady Jocclwi cleared the fence and had a bit of sport on her own account. The judges first of them pulled out the hand kerchief for Lady loved) n, but eventually he chanted ft for! Falkland Caimnotion took a strong lead from Whirlpool came round cleverly with his life and dashed into It In grand st) le- Cinderella II led Glencoe four lengths. and knocked over a weal but for the better to kill Grtmbl r Showed pace and killed a weak have before Hampden Star had an offer Mrnt Tics- Mango went best from slips but lady Dundas drew past for three strong drives and put the hard to Marie to kill I mistake led What Luck dance too! late, til s turned twice wrenched charl), and place I the latter who wrenched killed and put herself out Commotion stretched out three lengths turned bore round for two more and placed the black who had only one when they exchanged twice and falkland killing was well I eaten Cinderella I went quickest from fills H but Gambier drew 9 at her, and at once killed a weak hare Hccond Tice-I caretaker was a dozen lengths at least faster than had) Dundas for a too commencement aft which the itch could least) favoured had the remainder but not enough to win when the hare escaped The edict for Lady Dundas Commotion In a bout slip just not in front of Gambier and served the latter hit tool It away awaits some (five and take work followed in which Commotion was the faster I and rest at all I oints Gambier at last killed, and got the verdict, which was a man take Deciding Course Gambier by favour led up. turned to race went wide and priced J id) Dundas who was very industrious for a little, but killed too soon to save herself BALLARAT CLUB MEETING JULY 21 AND AUGUST 1 [mr aüEZaiiAPH] (FROM OUR OWN corners CODENT) Judge-Mr r 0 Crichton Slipper Dobson HE It-Kit STAKES For 20 puppies at 3 11s each \\\lwier,X20, second, 100 third 50 fourth and fifth V each, ox pen so 8 £21 Total. 208 Mr I H Drew a and b lode Frances, by Mable foot Lady Mary boat Mr John Hanrahan a w b Eclipse by Jack-Huntlnttowor II Mr T U NaplcsB bk w b Nollnda by Ambrose . heel, beat Mr W visitors saw bk d What _iQi)sonao, by East-West a While Mr T 0 Napless w b Ilareen by Grenadier Mt boat Mr E Hepburn a bk w d Uaud Awa by taken hams assisted Mr E Hunt as bk w b Languor by Dionysius 0 Kane-Miss 61 a ia, beat Mr W Halley bk w d Ballarat Jimmy) by Isca Meg Mr Jos Writings w f d Meutern Capital b) Capital -Western Princess boat Mr J Murphy a r or of b Dido II by Murdoch Dido Mr I H Drews bd d Mr Francis II by Mmblo foot-print beat Mr T Murphy's r or of d Minstrel loves Murdoch- Dido Mr It r Urvaiits few d Hero by Bills began Lady) Lenore heat Mr H G Talbot's bow d Geordie, by St letor-Uccswlng Mr W list Iuy s f w d Italia I at Haron by Baron of Marlborough-st Australia) beat Mr It 1 Hr.M\ntd I w b Miss taken by Dill) Pagan Lady Lenore E H Cronk bk w d Caiger, by Esca Noll, beet Mr H Gore's bk w b Glare, b) Grenadier GuKicvere Mr H Hero s bl wbGala by Glenroy Fox an a beat Mr A Dobson w b Despatch, by St Peter -Beeswing II Lady Frances here Nellnda IvuMior beat Nareen Sir Francis II beat Western Capital Hero beat Ballarat Baron Cad ter beat Gala Sir I languor beat T and Frances Hero beat Mr Francis li Cadger a bje languor boat Easter Hero a live V Mr R J Bryant f w d Hero s Billy Pagan Lady Lenore beat Mr C I/undt us bk w b Languor, by Dion) slug 0 Kane -Miss Clara, and won a' stake BALLARAT!, 'THURSDAY Less than 100 coursers journeyed by the morning of June to the Plumpton, and, as the entries were small, Very little interest was taken in the meeting b> surrounding sports men It was intended that the state should have consumed two days, but as the running was terminated earl), a Consolation Stakes was got upon the ground, so as to make a full days sport Hares were in good condition, but the slips being short In the earlier part of the day, the trials were only of a moderate character More law afterwards was given, when some excellent courses resulted The two fin of a tea, Hand Awa and Western Capital, went down ignominiously, and all the money afterwards went on Lan course The deciding course was so close that many thought Labour had won but the judge decided that Hero had won by a single point 'The Consolation Stakes was won by Mr Gore's Geologist ST I worn STAKES -Lady I canees led I eclipse from t to Slips, and though the fawn got In a last. " Unites by favour, she ran wide at very lur,?Hi_* the brindled with nearly all th.^xrVaÄÄ Wim. Nonsense had the foot of Nellie"" _" Sal but once the other rat in the drove his covert without her opponent fined 2 One of the favourite Hand Accord" A highlander languor reached a week he is a couple hundred yards, and ended . the course by killing Wells,,, CoPrU his best of a short run up, but In drlvlmTn. "I mixed, and let in Dido's The latter lm__W afterwards killed Sir Francis H and J C made a great race to hare and after an excXntlrf,r and take course the former barely won waltz Hero never allow ed Geordie to score a roi, I In. it, are,, lit trial Ballarat Baron was ,,,_, contests' Miss Fagan, heart did all the work other Aft Plumpton After an undecided between covers Clare, Gala reached we have a length Kfl Despatch, and though the latter port li _""2 the" rest of the work the course ended before they. could wipe out the earlier Boers In the rim of the undecided Cadger won with pic, J! to the "I First Ties Lady Frances Maid a week. hundred and fifty yards from slips, oídit,oiî__T_i» Ive Inda out Lnngour boatNorccii almost a? and Western Capitol led by Francis I am "a Lengths, but' In turning fell heavily' bundled soon wiped out the favourlWs score saw on Hero outpaced Ballarat Baron, and toLL 117 all the best of the work with (last ""'sales Second Iles -The course between Labour and Lady Francis was one of the best contests! "in a day, the Ararat bitch just winnings the Td is le-blrlmuolsll from slips to the early workers as soon as the latter got in he scored rapidly as only lost by kUllntr too soon Cadger ran a W 'Wd Third Iles -Lungour had It not to timber .. ne^°,_.'a'byotail 83" wasÄS Deciding' Course -Langour led to the late and appeared to take his turn, running wide, white dog got in and worked very cleverly After a hit. give and take course, the hire escaped to cry out NORTH GIPPSLAND CLUB MEETING TULA SO AND 31. Judge-Mr. J. Munday Slipper R Glider. [BY TL__GÍtAPII] (BnoM our OWN üoiiRLsro:,DEjrr ) CHAMPION STAKES For 20 all ages, at three guineas each Winner 22 .;d»'"«l TROUBLE, value _>_, «rescnt_l,.i_" W M'Culloch second, £1. and club Trotting third, £1), fourth and fifth, £5 each in V Mr Wright's bk up Beeswing, by Cajiital-Aanoy Lee, beat Mr Houison s bk d Many by readers -Miss Fox, and won the stake -ALP, -HURDLE. The last meeting of the season was concluded to day 011 the Clippings estate, about a couple of miles from bills 'The Ulimaroa trophy fell to cheese in, a Capital puppy, Albany, who on two other occasions has seen the end of stakes at Sale this season, been" runner up A four dog Consolation Stake was won by Mr T Coolt.on's Blucher, by Nutlttd li - Eurydice, beating Mr M visits puppy "eclipse, an own brother to these wing _ riumuN CLUB MEETING Hall Judge Mr J Scott, Slipper-H 0 Samuel The draw for Saturday's meeting at the Sherwood name, Plumpton, took place at Jackson s Hotel, Praharan, yesterday evening, with the following result - MU. ULALl's BLACK 1 r, For 16 all ages, at Li is each W Inner, £20 and bracelet, second, £10, third and fourth, 2. inch oxpcnsCH, £10 Sa , total, £60 St Mrs McCulloch's r t Master David by Cliciler Costa Diva, just Mrs Terry new bk b Josephine, to Hamlet-I li) ' ' Mrs Fetherstone us bk w d p Fin O'Kane, by Dionysius O Kane Bashful Lady Best Mrs Nolan us bk w d p Xlxon, by Bannacher-Harebell Miss M Hunter as his li Urisitte by Damaient Dooy Itiati, agst Miss Parker assured viWolsclty, b) by shear Cry " Mrs. O'shea no us how h Py read, by Robin Hood evenness, eggs Mrs A Jackson as bk w b Uilurj Wave II. by Vandyke II Silvery Wave Miss Drown as bk w a Royal footman by Boat man Mineral Water, agstMUaA M'Lvo) nsbkwbp outlaws), b) Sh) Samsons) Miss M'Uati na which Queen of Hearts by Whist. ling Dick-Lady Timor, next Alias Whlttitulmmns bd w d W horn man, by ht) veil satin i Ma i Miss O'Shea ns f w b Dewdrop b) Walker five men, latest Miss M Hooper ns r w d Master Jerry, b) Master Joe Rosina. Miss Cook. on us I w up The King, by îsutlndll I produce beat Mrs J J Ilrounusf ore splashed Labs, by Bashful Jerry Lu) CLUB in VOMIT For 16 all stores, at J.I Inf each Winner, £20 and bracelet second, £10 third and fourth, Stach, expenses 150 Ks total 50 by Mrs J Had to us if we Repentance b) Chester Hcprlmc, 1st Mr Was well as bk w b Guns) Maid, by Vand)ke-Silven Wave Mrs M'Culloch ns and Mailer Robin, by Robin Hood Shasta, ngst Mrs Lord 1131 w b Hubbard b) Nutlnd II Maud Mrs Morris LLB ( d p Bashful Boy, h) Bashful Jerry)- Lee), lost Mrs Watts as for d UitliUad Chief, h) Robin Hood-Druiiswick I JIM II Mrs 1 again in bk w b p 1 claim li), b) Capital Honour and Glory), and Mrs Guaran ns r w b Gossip, by Revolver- Restless Mrs S Williams (cp Waldemar, by Reboilion Read) Moii_>,atrfctMrs W Rice as bow bpML,Uinuiida (late I ville Alice), b) Shv baritone) Miss Ora) 113 bk w d Glencoe, h) July Hum Lav crook at st Mrs Crombie is c w d p Crusty, by King Death-\oun\s Dinah Miss I Whittingham us bk w b Wynnum b) Pakenham a 1 cane, best Miss M Cook bon new r d p The floor He), b) Ivutlad II -1 urvdiCL Miss J Hooper as of b p Crosttto, b) Uinwher Caunerliouth east Mrs Henry ns r w d p Hurdy Guard), by Master Joe Danish s lo) INTERCOLONIAL BICYCLE MEL UNO based near. war (FROM OUR OWN COIt!IU>IO\DEM) SYDNE A, rilUllaDVT The majority of the Viuorlnn cyclists entered for the events of the intercolonial meeting to be held on Saturday next under the auspices of the Sydney Bicycle Club on the Association cricket ground armed to day by the express from Melbourne and are received by the represent items of the local wheelmen at the Redfern terminus Having mounted Special omnibuses, the entire company numbering about 10 drove through the town to the committee rooms, in Market street, accompanied by several wheelmen on bicycles At the headquarters of the Sydney Club the visitors was very cordially sel corn d Mr Wood, the Mee lives dent of tliei>jdncy Biejelo Dub, proposed the twist of the Visitors from Victoria and Queensland He heartily bade them welcome and said he believed that their visit would nominate a new era in bicycling" The toast was enthu- Hiuftticallj honoured Mr E J Imison responded and in turn proposed ' The cyclists of New South) Wales the toast being nel now filled by Mr James Martin, who one 'Success to the Victorian Cyclists Union, to which Mr Lewin responded footing The names of the field as I lost my Irci appointed by the V R A (or each sanctus matches, Mr appear in the nurseries at column of The Argus on the Thursday previous Lyell tons umpire been time- to be paid, if required, loss and his training "Trimboli was plans c ! s yesterday between the Fitzroy Council and South Melbourne Trades on the Scum JtelbourioCriikottiouml in the i lance of a large number of spectators 11 o inaUli was luncheon tested from start to finish and on casually result in a victory for the college's J tóala (Itltuc a niagara cent shot Joyce and Hanneysee) to fronts (Copper and Latchford) Norrnll Hanneysee Kui, J Itotmu Cameron and Hall played n si leaded gun the Colley, is did Young Minchin, Harper, and Windley (on the South Melbourne Trades 