, RoPelist. ,: .... ' i A TERRIBLE LEGACY. n soA STORY OF EdLIS i AND TJS k -i LIAN LIFE. \ n. ii S(y GIOSVBNOR BUNSTER:. o ATnron or.," JOnu,.HonToN'n .V.anm; is Tu n T I WTYAn or Tnam Wlon"s ; " A Bon u BnE "T 0A "Doon W?LL TELL," ,i0.:, . ' CHAPTER IX'.... r . d TE• CONFEDEOATE'S PLOT.' -, I Deamer the voyage home in the mail steamer,' Edmonds developed "a" new 'trait* 'inc his' oharacter-ho began 'to drink heavily. -The erimes weighing 'upon'his soul, the tenelon of. his mind during the short Australian career, n and the firm belief that the blood of Fowler, in addition to that of Sir Ralph 'Falkland, d stained his hands, had their effect at last, *0I even upon his callous conscience. The forced n inaetion on board the steamer maddened him, and he sought relief in the bottle. A man of unbridled passions, the habit grew upon him. rapidly, until it thoroughly mastered him: and the caution he had formerly displayed in the execution of his schemes became changed a to a mad, unreasoning, monomanieal craving b for revenge on all bearing the name of Falk. w land. After his return to London, Edmonds took r. lodgings in a street off the Strand; and set w to work to ascertain all he could concerning It Falkland. Going down to Devonshire on h a reconnoitering expedition, he heard, h to his great surprise, that the' young n baronet was in Australia, and the date of Sir d Frederick's departure enabled him to guess g correctly its cause. He chuckled with savage n glo as he reflected that the shot he had fired I at'midnight in the Australian bush had re- I, m?oved the only witness of Sir Ralph's mur- a der; and as he pondered over Falkland's h fruitless mission, a diabolical idea entered his a brain, He was seated in his lonely lodgings when ti he idea first came to him. Copious draughts g of brandy had only sufllced to stimulate his a devilish imagination; and as he realised the I force of his sudden idea, he laughed in a per. cot frenzy of delight. C r'Halt hal" he ejaculated, "brandy for a inspiration l 'Twill be gloriousol Lot him h return, as liesmust do shortly, baffled and I downcast. And when he goes to Devonshire, h to seek a little consolation in the caresses of / his betrothcd-ha I hal--he will find her i deadl Dead-and then he will visit her a ave. Then I will watch him, and with a t blletthrough his brain end the accursed lb ravel" t The scheme which was conceived in the do. lirium of .ihtoxioated frenzy was matured b when thi mobriing brought sobriety. And t thus the strong will of the man was manifest. I Liquor was with him at this time a passion. t lie suffered the tortures of the damned until b ho had satisfied his intense craving for the t fiery draught. But his insatiable revenge was t a sweeter, dearer passion; and as he pondered over the matter, and realised the fact that a eacrifice must be made one way or the other, I be sprang from his bad, and swore-he, the blasphemous homicide, dared to appeal to his c Maker to register his fiendish oath-that, so help his Gad, no intoxicating drink should pass his lips until the last of the Falklands I had become a thing of the past. And ho kept his oath-so far as refraining 3 from drink was concerned. Sternly and reso luately he denied himself the indulgence; though sleepless nights, unstrung nerves, and treombling limebs betolkeaned tile agony it cost I him. BIut at length Nature reasserted her I Sway--he had gained the victory. Then he set about the accomplishment of his fell pur. i pose. t He had ascertained that Colonel and Mrs. I Cotton had taken up their residence at Falk. land Court during Sir Frederick's absence, in s preference to removing Rose to their own house. As the former body servant of Sir 1 IRalph, Edwards had acquired a knowledge of I every window, passage, and apartment in- the mansion, and he exulted at the thought of i the deadly use to which that knowledge could I be turned. Admittance once gained, lie re flected, he could easily discover where the different inmates slept. 'One blow with a dagger, when the right apartment was reached, and Falkland's happiness would be for ever Wreeked. Then he bethought him of a dealer in old euriosities, living near the Adelphi, in whose Window he had seen a long, keen Venetian stiletto, just the weapon lhe required. ieo went at once to the shop, and purchased the article. Returning home to complete his ar rangements, ho jostled against a man turn. ing the corner of Adam-street. An angry ex olamation was checked on either side to an ejaculation bf surprise as the men recognised each otlher. "Edmonds I" "Johnson I" "The very man I want," said Edmonds. "Come wilh me." io seized Johnson by the erm, and walked rapidly towards his lodg logs. Arrived there, he produced liquor and a glass. "Drink," he said. "I cannot join you ; I all explain why presently. What have you been doing since I let England? Y'our ehare of the plunder from Steel has not done you much good, judging from your present ap. parance." Truly, it had not. Tlhe five thousand pounds, obtained by the ingeniocs cidcratl hIaron, lad vanished at the gaming-table and Indebauchery; leaving its former possesor a bloated, ragged desperate runflian. Edmonds listened to Johnson's tale with great inward satisfaction. At last lhe said abruptly : ' Do you want to earn a thousand pounds?" "Do'I?"' roeplied Johnson- "Do I look Ike it ?" I'd murder forty people to have rth htandling of that amount once more." 1 "Y'du'needn't murder'anybody for it," re plied Edoobnde-"'that is, unless resistance' is offered,'tnd we have to fight for it. Listen i to me. I have, as you know, plenty of money. I I will give you a thousand pounds it you will join mone in one night's work. I will speak plainly.' I am going down to Devonshire, to' murder a girl. She lives in a house of which I know every nook and cranny. My pur pose is to enter at midnight, find her chamber,, and stab her to the -heart. No hand but, mine shall strike that blow, or my veongeaneol would be robbed of half its sweetnegs . But I want you tostand by me; and if any alarm, I is given, keep the alarmists at bay until the' i deed is-done. Will you doit?" Johnson, with a frightful oath ;vowed to join him. "That is well,:' said Edmonds; " and now to fix the time. We will go down to Exeter ,to-morrow, and make nall'arrangements as we 'go. Of course we must be disguised. It ithings are favorable, we will hire a couple of fast saddle.horses, ride over to the Court, and accomplish our. object. The horses can be left outside' the house, in a place of conceal 'moat with which I am well acquainted. If all is right, we can be back at the station in timefor the last train to London. If there is , a fight for it, and only one escapee, he must make a dash for the horses, pistol one to avoid pursuit, and do his best on the other. .If I am taken, and you escape, you will havo the cheque beforehand. That you can.cash and.disappear before anything is known-I 'shall never peach. If the contrary happens to be the ease, I rely upon you in the same manner for secresy. Now you know the (whole scheme. Stay, the girl I intsdd to kill is the betrothed of young Falkland, to ii ruin whom you did that little business down in Yorkshire.". A long conversation, ensued between the two rulians, in the course of which Johnson I owned that he was both penniless and home les,s a''state of things his appearance sufni clently indicated. Edmonds took him to a dealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him self and Johnson suits of black and other clerical attire. Then they visited a hair. dressers,. and: underwent ' a' metamorphosis 'suitable to their new dress. "This is a rum start," said Johnson, with an oath and a load laugh, after they;had:rre turned to Edmonds'. lodgings and, tried, on their disguises. , A couple of lambs,, ain't we?" It's. wolf's work we're after,':' saidEd? monde. "You may as well stay hero. to night. I'll give orders for supper,"'and'you will find the liquor' in thit"6upbba'rd:'. But. 'don't take' too 'much. "Staidy hasnds and 'strong nerves will" bo wanted"to?iorrow night!" '' "' OHAPTER'X " TriT runsniT.'"''' '." The day before the. meeting, betweenr Ed. mogds and Johnson; Mr. lomoo' GaOfies sat before a bright fire' in the Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. 'The' book was one of that romantic individual's favo. rite " blood-curdlers "-being indeed no loss a work than "The Sydney Scalp Seekers "-a fiction much admired in reading circles at home. It is true that the author-evolving his ideas of Australia from the depths of his moral consciousness, as the German did his description of a camel-had made the abori gines talk, think, and act precisely like ,eni. more Cooper's equally impossible lied Indians. He had also pictured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, and painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on the Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested his supreme knowledge of the "fifth quarter of the world." But it passed muster with the gullible British public, seeing that it bore the mint- mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. "Dreadful ereatures l " soliloquised Mr. Guflles, as he finished the last page with a sigh of regret. "Poor Sir Frederick-what he must be suffering, among those savages I It's two mails since a letter came-I hope his scalp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some Sydney warrior. Or perhaps he's fallen in love with some bright-eyed forest maiden another case of Inkle and Yarioo. Only for the danger, I wish I had gone. There must 'be some regular genuine sensations out' there." Mr. Guflles must have been a very exor bitant man if hlie wished for a greater sensa tion than he experienced when, just as he' had finished his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by Curzon, Fowler, and the detoctivoe, while the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the rear.' "Angels and ministers of graee-I mean welcome, Sir' Frederick, welcoiie from the' land of bandits and ferocities l"exclaimed Mr. Gufises, with eyes distended to their falleat extent. " Don't be a fool, Gulles," said Falkland, smiling. "Help'this young man fin with the loIggage, and then' take 'this telogrammto' the ofilce. It is to go immediately. , Take this young fellow with yoti when you go-hd is an Australian, and London sights will amuse him." ': Mr. Gullies, assisted by Tom Grist; went to the cab. The romantic Romeo could not keep his eyes off Tom. " Me help you carry him portmanteau, twiggy vous ?" said Mr. Guflles, who muttered to himself, " Why, he ain't very red for an Indian. I suppose he understands English." " This is one of their foreign flunkeys I've heard new chums talk about," soliloquised Tom. "Well, I never did try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I can." With this re flection, he replied: " S'pose you grabbco that handle, matee; shoves it up soee on my shoulder; me walkee I him along all same piecey feather, you sabke." "That's done it," thought Tom, with conscious pride at the success of his efforts, Sas Guifles complied with the request. " I could always talk to the Chinese cook on the station better nor anyone else; and it's plain all these foreign chaps has the same I yabber." I The luggage was soon brought in, and then Mr. GOfiles, beckoning to Tom, said, S." You comee now, me take you sec what you stare at- such funny tings." " What are you talking that gibberish for 1" asoked Falkland, angrily turning round; while the detective, who instantly realised tile situation, burst into a roar of laughter. 1" BLeg pardon, Sir Fredericlk," said Mr. Gullies, mincingly, " but this Australian hem-this Australian Indian only spelaks broklen English, and so-" This was too much for the rest of the a party, who burst into perfect fits of laughter; \- 'om Grist louder thlan any. " Why, confound you," said Falkland, when he could speak; " the Australian I Indian, as you call him, speaks English as i well as yourself-better, perhaps." S"I beg the--lheom-young man's pardon," u said Guoles, " I took himi for a chlill of the \- foresat; and really, hedocs speak very queerly, beggieg yours, Sir Frecderickl." d "And hnng os, i I didn'ttake you fora li ronchy, and spolp tholingo to accommodate d you I" replied Tom. "There, theoro, go along-botlh of you there will be a bettoler understanding between Syou wohen you coes back," said Fnlldland. S Mr, Ouilos led tbe way, followed by Tom, who pulled out his lpipo and lit it as he " walked along, I '"Dear me; Ihisa f awful, saId' tha zbn'od Mr. Gulles. ,"Ara there any streets in Aue. tralia' young mane?" " "One or two," replied Tom, composedly. !'?And do the people there--the civilised 'people, I men-seemoko pipes in 'them ?"'co .1 tinued Mr. Gullis " ..1 ... Tom stared. at. him ,for a ,moment, .then winked.. "mn not on,, mate,! bho said, 'you dlon't get a rise out of, meo?;; ' Compelled to endure tho inflitilon, Mr. I Gulles tdrned.tla conversation., I suppose you ?'wre tpught English at, al early age ? " lie asked. "Pretty fair," replied Tom, "Somewhere I about when I learnt to speak.. They didn't I tryit on before, you se, because they fancied it might bo wasto.e of time.' . . Then your father was not n warrior perhaps, a great man among his people-and I you were not born in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose?l. said Mr. Gunlles, his romance fast departing. . "I was born on the Hawkesbury," said Tom. " As to my father being a great.man, and a w?vrrior, as you call it, he stood six foot four in his socks, and could belt any chap on the river. As to cradling, mato, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought up on I a station." Mr. Gufilee' ideas had by this time received "a severe shock. But he resolved to make one I more effort, and so he said: "Are you partial to firewater?" , " Do you mean rum ?" asked Tom. "; No, I I can't say I am ;'but I could tackle a: pint 'of stringy if it wasin my way now." Ascertaining that "stringy" was colonial Ifor beer, Mr. Gitlles forthwith entered a tavern and ordered a pint,'contoenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insisted on " shouting" another, and this had the effect of rendering Mr. Gulles so loquacious that he I soon put Tom in possession of his crude no tiona repecting Australia. The keynoteonce I given, the mischievous stockman treated hise now friend to such an astounding mixture of romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Gufiles was in a state of gasping admi- 1 !ration all the evening, and went to bed to enjoy what ho was wont to style "a delicious :nightmare." Next day Tom was sent to the station with Guffles for the remainder of the luggage, and returned in a high state of excitement. - ".I've seen him, boss, I've seen him I" he I exclaimed,: ruhing into the room where Falkland and his friends'were seated. .Thei detective was out, renewing his acquaintanee with his old tutor, 'Jhn Forrester : . " Seen whom ?" asked Fowler. : " The now chum tramp I" returned Tom. I "The chap as;inomo to Nundle the night IMr Curzon:.was shot. .Such a" larkl He was with another chap, and he and his mate was 1 bothdressed like parsons, with black rige.out and white chokers. But I spotted himright I off, and dodged him. When I heairdhim speak,I w.as sure of him.'" + .' i: :"And what did he say--where is he?" asked Falkland, on ..whom .ToniGrist's ex citemont had produced a similar effect. " Why, I should aay he is far enough off by this time," replied Tom. " It was this way, you see. While we--Guflesa and me-was coming along on the cab from that railway station-Waterloo Bridge you call it, I think -I saw this cove's ugly mug. He was walk. ing along that street that's about as long, as George-street and Parramatta-street,; .put together." "You mean the Strand," said Fowler.," Go, on, never mind description." " Well, I jumped off the box, and followed close behind 'em," continued Tom. "They didn't notice me, why should they? Then the awagman as Was turns to his mate and says, ' We'vo got half-an-hour to catch, the Paddington train. To - morrow ' morning Falkland's intended bride will be the bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and came here like a redshank."I Falkland turned white to the lips, and was about to rush out of the room, when Fowler seized his arm. "Do calm," he said, " be calim, and leave your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast' cab immediately-or two 'rather. Promise the men a sovereign each if they. use their beat speed. Mr.O Crzon, stay with your friend. I will have all ready by the time the cabs 'come." , . ' When, Tom 'returned ' with the' vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small case under his arm. "Jump in,""he said,' to Falkland,," Mr. Curzon, you follow with Tom.' 'We can. talk when we reach the station.,"l: Away whirled theocabs, at a pace far above that allowed by the regulations.; r'. "Never mind your number' beig taken," SFowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. " A ten pound note will cover all. I will give you twenty. Drive as fast as you can-- it is a. case of life and death." Various futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, but 'in' hin. "At ldngth the panting liaieds dreiv up in front of thoe station, and the party sprang. out Falkland and Fowler immediately rushed into the telegraph office, followed by Curzon and Tom Grist. "A form, quick, said Falkland to' th clerk. 'Where is.the message for, Sir," asked the clerk. "Exeter, quick, man, I say," and Falkland. stamped his foot in his impatience.? " Very sorry, sir," replied the clorlk; with exasperating coolness; "but you can got no message through to-night. There's been an accident to the wires, and it will take some hours to find it oiit and repairit, for therel has been a very heavy fall of snow down the line." " eWhere is the station-master? " 'aeked Fowler, seeing that Falkland was utterly over come by this last blow. "I must see him immediatcly." . The oefical was brought,' and Fowler ex plained that a murder had been planned, and that in the absence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensue 1 "Very sorry, sir," replied the man, " but I don't sco what can be done. I can't grant a special train, witleout authorisation from a director. And by Jove, Sir, here comes one." Aportly gentleman bustled up to the station master, with an air of importance. " "Bog pardon,Ser George," said the official," but these gentlemen are oin a dreadful predica mont." And hl related the ciroumstances. " )earme, dear me,"exclaimed the director, "shooking, shocking I The only thing you can do is to hire a special train, and that will be eoxpensive, fifty pounds at least." "I will give fifty times the amount to reach Falkland Court tonight," exclaimed Falk. Sland, vehementlyb "lEh, wiht i Falkland Court I Why, bless Sme, who is it they are going to murder at Fblkland Court i" My cousin' 1lose," said Falklland, in a choking voice, " my dear, dear lose, and I, great leaven, standhero helpless as a child i " "Cale yourself, Sir Frcdorick, all will be n arranged," exclaimed Fowler, soothingly. "Sir Frederick, is it possiblo you are the nephew o1 my poor old friend ltalphl" said a the director. "To be sure, of course you arce; I rccogniso the likeness. Hero, Thomas, a pecial troin directly, and tell themto send a the best and mlost careful men in the shed with it?h kind-.hlanrlted old gentlemnan ibustled \- about, and tie magic of hIs presence proved n very effective., In lalit.no.hour a powerIeul oengineo and tender, drawing one carriage, started olo at a speed ofllfty miles an hour. e Fowlar lclhed at his watch, and made a mental caloulatlon. . It will.he a near thing," he said. " It we Oan keepnup this pace we shall reach Exeter I a few.minutes after the train in which those I scoundrels are. Let us hope for the best." i He unlocked the case which lie carried, and I took out several revolvers. Handing one to each of the party, he said, " There is no time t 'for trifling nowr BShoot him like a dog if he 1 offers the least resistance." . 1Falkland.raid nothing, but there was a e glitter in hie eyes as Ie grasped the weapon. and thrust it intohie breast pceket that spokec volumes. .. Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver into his belt, and winked. " I swore I'd fetch that c raddle-faced' chap," he muttered to himself, t "and it it comes to shooting I rather think I'll be among 'em." t Curzon, who still wore his arm in a sling, I had insisted on accompanying them; and he, too, mentally. avowed to :do his best if it came to a struggle, The journey was a very silent one, for, t with the exception of Tom .Grist, each man I was haunted by a dreadful fear, which he I shrank from disclosing, that they might be too late after all. Tom Grist looked out of the window, the view being a novelonoe to him. There had been a very heavy fall of snow, and tile country was one sheet of white. The roofs of the houses as they dashed through the stations and towns on the route were heavily laden with I snow. The trees in the open looked like 'sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous rattle of the engino, t the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back in a slumber, from which he was not roused until the train stopped. Then he found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning tihe stationmaster. "In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special had to slacken the last fifty, miles, for the fresh fall has almost' blocked .the line. Horses ?. Well, I daresay you can. got them at the Bull. George, runup and order saddle horses--for how many?-four saddle horacs immediately. Tho .gentlemen will be there before they are ready. Bad.,weather for travelling, sir.". ,,. ,? , ,'" Hurrying to the Bull, they.learnt that only three horses were available; the remaining two having been engaged by two.persons who arrived in the regular down train..,: , :. " . Not's word was spokenas they.waited.' -An awful sen?'ol an,impending calamity over. hung tho. whole party.. It seemed tacitly understood that Ourzon, as the least useful of the party, owing to his useless arm, should remnain behind. Ho grasped his friend's hand as the horses were brought out, and, said ,in a;low voice, " God bless you, my dear Folk land; may you be in time I " 'On, on, lctlock deep in snow they. dashed, the steam from the horses enveloping them in 'a haze. The glare from the, snow gave fidlioiont light to1 show therroad, .even if Falkland had not, known it so well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear-not that hi was. worse mounted or inferior in horse mannoip to his companionri.. On .the con tpirys'it wo 'his infinite' superiority in both relpets'that dictated the course he was pur suing.' Falkland and Fowler dashed along at thMdtp' of their speed; up hill and down dale alike. ,. I It's tio good talking to them chaps, seeing thd'state of, mind they're in," said Tom to himpel.' "But if them mokes ain't bust afore :they gets to the end of their journey call me a' new chum. Now, this ain't a bad bit.of I stuff I'ove got across, and I've nursed him up the pinches. It strikes me that when we gets that long avenue the swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeaglo 'em." Tom's anticipation proved correct. When they reached the lodge the horses of Falkland and Fowler were thoroughly blown. Both I shouted as loud as they could, and the lodge keeper, half asleep, put his head out of the ,window to ask what was the matter. While Falklaird was calling to him to open the gate, there was a rush, a dark form rose rin' the air, and with a shout of "Follow my leader," Tom Grist had cleared the park wallo, and was tearing up the avenue, takiing all he klncw out of his horse now that the road lay clear before him. Pulling up the animal at the flight of stone steps, his quick eye detected an open window. Drawing his revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across the room. Trained by his long experienc in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, and listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in the direction of tile grand staircase. As he stole along he heard the faint sound of approach ing horses. Then he know that his friends were at hand, and cocking the revolver, he pro ceeded, muttering, "I've got tile lead, and I'll I keep it. They're' here, or the window wouldn't be open. I'll have the first shot for the honor of Austrlia. And if I don't put a ,sot like'a new chum'sbundle on that,raddle-facol. chap, may I never skin another. 'possuuni I S' '(. be Continued.) , 