BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES" The annual public meeting in connection with the Baptist Union of New South Wales was held in the Baptist Church, Bathurst-street, last night. There was a good attendance, and the meeting was presided over by the Rev. A. Burdett,' chairman of the union. The following ministers occupied souls upon the platform The Rev. S. Chapman, representative of the Victorian Union ; Rev. John Price (South Australia), Rev. li. Price (Bathurst), Rev. W. Poole (Brisbane), and the Revs. D. Fenwick, F. Hibbard, and J. A. Soper. \- The proceedings were commenced with the usual dove mental exercises. The Rev. F. Hiuhbbd read the following annual report In presenting a report of their work, your committee would thankfully acknowledge the goodness of God during another year of our denominational history. Like many of its predecessors, the past year has had its lights and shades, but having obtained help of God we continue unto this day eager for his service. and desirous also to be ready for all the righteous will. The scheme for systematic evangelisation in connection with our churches, resolved upon at our last annual session, was entrusted to a committee to be carried into effect. After deliberation, they resolved to invite the representatives of our city and suburban churches to meet together for conference The result was the appointment of a special season for prayer throughout the denomination, which we believe was generally observed by our churches. The method proposed for carrying on such evangelistic work was then laid before our people through the medium of the Banner, and a general invitation given to our churches to send in their applications for the services of the brethren of their choice ; but up to the present little has been done in this line. Perhaps it is not too late to strike out in such a work, and we are hopeful that the revival of the matter may develop the desire to enter upon the work without delay. The Baptist Temperance Society was relocated to a committee, which met and adjusted the constitution of a kindred English society, so as to suit our circumstances. The society was publicly inaugurated by a meeting, at which a goodly array of our minister? warm speakers. The matter was then laid before the several churches, and though there has been no fruit in the shape of organised effort, it must not be supposed that the measures has proved a dead letter. for it has, quickened effort in connection with the temperance movement in various quar tors. We hope yet to see our churches joined each to each, in this holy crusade. At our last annual session, the Rev. D. Fenwick was appointed to represent us at the annual meeting of the South Australian baptist Association, and was charged with negotiations in reference to an intercolonial paper, uniotoicoloniitleoUtjiO, and federation in missions. Upon the paper and eoliefiP. communications have been exchanged between the colonies since his return, and we have pledged ourselves to co-operate to our utmost with the other colonies to establish them. Somothiner, however, mine tangible resulted from his visit to South Australia, for the intelligence he brought of Tirhoot being: open to us as a mission field gave an impetus to our desire to enter upon active service, and led to the formation of the New South Wales Baptist Missionary Society, which was duly inaugurated at a public meeting held on to one of March last. Subsequently our attention has been directed to a scheme more adjacent to MaimenBiner. and Furreedpore, and on the recommendation of the Revs. G. ILcrrvand G. H. Rouse we have paused to consider where we ought to bestow our labour, 'lilla question will come up for discussion at the present session. Quite recently we were favoured with a visit from Miss Arnold, through the great kindness of our South Australian friends, for which we heartily thank them, and this resulted in the formation of a Zenana Missionary Society; our siatorathuB showing their willingness to do their part in this now service. We welcome their co-operation, and which for them all the success their hearts I desire. The presence of representatives from the Baptist Associations of Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland, is a had omen of the coming unity which is to bind our churches in this southern' hemisphere into a compact body. They are here to deliberate with an open there denominational measures already referred to, viz., an intercolonial paper, an intercolonial college, and it may be federation in missions. ' Whether our brethren be inquired of they are the apostles of the churches and the glory of Christ.' And as our brethren and companions in labour, our follow-witnotutoa for the truth one for all delivered to the answer. we give them a hearty welcome in the name of the Lord. The Rev. W. Clare, B.A.. has recently resigned the pastorate of Bathurst-street, and has sought by travel and rest an increase of physical strength. We are thankful for the good work he did while he was with us, and we wish him good speed in his future course. But as a set off against his departure from our midst who huvoBovpril occasions which will add greatly to our strength. In the month of January last the Rev. J. Heaton was duly installed as patter of the church at Hinton, the chairman and secretary of the union officiating on the occasion. On August 26th the Rev. J. A. Soper webb recognised as pastor of the church at Petersham by a large representative gathering of ministers and members of our churches; and to-day we welcome him to a place in our counsels, and a participation in our work by a denomination, praying that in his minis mental work he may be like Joseph, . a fruitful though." We also welcome our old, tried, trusted, and useful friend, the Rev. E. G. Lewis, whose help we shall prize, and the Rev. T. L. Davies, in whose affliction we take a sympathetic part. As evidence of material prosperity enjoyed we may mention the entire garment of the Baptist Church at New castle, and the erection of the pretty edifice at Petersham, which is like a city set on a hill. Slay both places be filled with the holy presence of God, " In the month of November, 1883, the Rev. W. Clare visited the Clarence River district, and was well pleased with the appearance of things there. We are pleased that it has become necessary to build a larger church for the accommodation of those who presS to hear the word of God at Grafton, and that a site has been secured and arrangements set on foot for a new budding:, At Lawrence, hIeo, an enlargement of the present church Is deemed necessary to meet the wants of the growing congregations gathering under the faithful ministry of the Rev. T. H. Jaggers. In the month of February the secretary of the Union visited the New England district, and spent a fortnight in preaching and visiting amongst the people and after forming a church he returned with a profound conviction of the importance of this work to which the Rev. W. R. Harrison is devoting himself. All the signs favoured the belief that from that field a rich harvest; would be gathered in due time. While we thank God for the soil and courage of men who are willing to labour in such spheres let us give them pure ticul proofs of our sympathy. Our senior evangelist, Mr. Thomas Llewellyn entered upon his work on the Richmond River in March last, and found a good entering in among the people, whom he has met with considerable success, having baptised 20 persons. and formed a church at Coraki, which has been received into the Union, We are glad to note the improvement in Mr. Llewellyn's health. May his bow abide in strength, and the hands of his namE be made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob. We have commented religious services at Ashfield and Woollahra, will encouraging signs of success, and bro indebted to the willing service of our ministers and lay brethren in reply ing these places. We have Bowed in hope, and the harvest fruits are ready for the gathering. At Graf ton quite a genuine revival is being experienced, no less than a u 14 biptisniB having taken place in a few weeks, and we believe the absence the Rev. R. F. Becher, B.A., frain our meetings this year is due to the wmuuiuicui« iioiagivingiotuiagiaciouH worK the present juncture. The power of God is felt at Petersham, ridicule are being quickened from Ihedenthof sin. > ensemble hue obtained blessing in great abundance. Converts are standing on the threshold of the Kingdom at Hinton, and in the New England district. Are those gracious answers to our prayers at the opening of this denominational year? We believe (they are. Let the foretaste quicken the desire, and the desire increase the power of supplication, and let us strive together in prayer till all the body is full of vitality till every members vigorous and skilful for its work-till every branch in fruitful according to the measure which will satisfy the Great Husbandman. Thus guided for work let us go forth to contend for the headship of Christ, the strict individuality of the Christian life, and the obligation of of my disciple to obey His Lord. This is the truth which shall eventually wave as business over our fallen world. This is the Divine antidote for ever and the pillar and ground of the truth." The treasurer's statement was also read. The CiiahiMak then delivered the following address : Dear'Brothrin,-Bo so good as to accept my hearty acknowledgment and thanks, for that much-valued esteem of yours, which elected me to this honourable office. From the day of its miraculous origin until now, Christianity has had We contend with enemies- whose home is legion enemies outside the Church, and enemies within; but corruption uucHorror within are beyond measure more harmful than the insolence of power and the bubbling ut infidelity without ; hence, the earnest admonitions, in the. Apostolic letters to the ChuichuB, admonitions still needful in this nineteenth century-bowiiro lest any ullin rob you through philosophy and vain deceit. Believe not every spirit, but try the spirits, the teachers whether they be of God, and hold fast the form of Brand words. One of the perils of our time is the irreverent handling of the Holy Bool: human reason pre- suming to judge the revolutions of infinite wisdom, had determined to believe nothing but what it ownumbitiou« in a lucian demonstrate and comprehend. Much of the golden] literature of the age is unfriendly to revealed truth, especially to the doctrine of the Cross, in some quarters we are told that philosophy and science will be able to mould and improve Christianity, is if its divine Author had left it in complete and insufficient; as well might we be informed that sun, moon, and stars are insufficient and incomplete. When science and hiiUirical research can aid us in the elucidation of Scripture we welcome them as valuable friends, but when they Uritleriako to eliminate essential truth from the Bible we regard them as rebels against Christ. Are w 0 gutting worthy of the old -saw which shone on, Adam and Noah, on prophets and apostles, and is still sufficient for out- purity We, i Trust, are all quite satin lined with our soldier and cosmopolitan Gospel, which began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us, by co doubtful authority, but by them that heard Him, and were eye- witnesses of his Majesty on the holy mount. You know that a curse was solemnly pronounced from Jubal on the man who should remove his neighbour's landmark a more terrible anathema is on record against him who shall add to, or take from, the words of this prophecy. FuHo doctrine is equivalent to a denial of Chi authority ; and as a wolf it is the more to be feared when disguised in sheep's clothing. The eloquent lectures of Dr. M lung or sparkle with uno Thoughts and moral philosophy. and admiration of the poison of Christ ; ' but their theology is auti-ncriptural to us it appears that Wa "freedom of faith" is not only freedom from the fetters of ancient and modern creeds, but freedom also from the yoke of. Biblical authority. To the law and to the testimony is the well known inscription over the temple gate of revealed truth. If they speak not according to this rule, there is no light in them. Unfortunately for the credit of the new theology, it seldom appears to be Divine oracle, and justifies that grave omission by saying individual texts have no authority. Why have they no authority ? -Because the writer has gone far astray on the vital doctrine of inspiration. He admits that the operations were inspired men, but reports that their writings are not infallible, an assertion that subvert the) foundation of our faith, and opens the door to speculation and controversies without end. Moreover, it is in direct antagonism to the tutdiaiouv of the inspired writers themselves. Not only the thoughts, but the words which clothed them, were " Not the. words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which, the Holy Gases teacheth." No one, I suppose, will question the fact of a verbal inspiration of Pentecost, when the uncultured apostles make themselves intelligible to the representatives of many nations. Jlavo wo less reason to believe that the sacred postmen were guided when tiOTnOating divine thoughts into human language ? They were the messengers of God, and those who heard them beard God, and those whose fused to hear them.iofiised to hear God. With the exception of the year of jubilee, the new theology takes no account of the instructive by. inhnHsiu of the Jewish Church. True, the dispensation of Close, passed away with the destruction of Jerusalem ; yet the Levitical rites are of permanent value ub pictorial pages of Gospel truth. As such they were used with singular propriety and force by the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews. in the ancient law we find the daily practice of sacrificial substitution; but, as our modern theologians ignore that his real truth, they may find it convenient to ignore its Old Testament so nice! ; but so indissoluble Is the union of one vim! truth with others, the denial of min involves the surrender of many ; the awful fact of the Fall and the sublime fact of Redemption stand or fall together. In like manner, if there no justice in the Law, there is no mercy in the Gospel. Permit me now to remind you of the vast importance of holding Scriptural views of sin. Human self-esteem and pride resent the charge that man is radically bad. They Say he is more to be pitied than blamed. Such is not the verdict of the Bible. You have that verdict in the first and third chapters in the epistle to the Romans. Look for a moment' at the two-fold aspect of the guilt and defilement. These two elements in sin were cliii finally recognised in the Mosaic institutions. and provision was made both for expiation and for denuding ; is it not the glory of the gospel that it provided for the instant removal of guilt and the gradual and complete destruction of impurity in all believers ? Natural conscience, Stuart from revelation, admits that bin deserves punishment ; having no written law the heathen are a law to themselves, their cots stamps bearing witness, and their thoughts accusing or else excusing one another. Within every human bosom the Creator has placed an unsleeping watchman, a representative of his own moral character, which witnesses for right and against wrong, commending or censuring by turns, noting its judge, and anticipating the judgment of the great day. Thank God this grand faculty has survived the Full and although its arm is' feeble it has sometimes compelled a criminal to seek relief, from its pangs by a voluntary surrender of himself to the claims of justice. Who can estimate the desert, the blackness, of sin committed under the gospel dispensation ? If the untutored pagan was guilty; if they who despised the law of Moses were adjudged to death'; at the worship of the golden calf by the ignorant multitude at the foot of Mount Sinai was an act of treason against Jehovah, what about our criminality be when we worship self in view of Calvary, where the Eternal 1 lawgiver Himself laid down his life to ransom ubP Before our mental eye Christ is daily presented to our Redeemer and our King, Yet where is that faith and that self-surrender which pay homage to Christ, by putting the soul into his hand, as it Prince and Saviour r Dominion over souls, founded in His own blood, has been given by the Father to the Son Thy throne, O God, in for ever and we or. That throne is heaven's highway to the Father, and others many in our Sabbath assemblies, according to a scriptural classification, are the children of this world, not the children of the kingdom. Honoured ministers of the Gospel, 'messengers of grace to guilty men,' magnify your office; and let no shearer be able to say, My useful indifference might long since have been exchanged for contrite faith, if I had known that wondrous expiation for human guiltiness I Allow me here to give borrowed words my own views of mysterious Calvary. The atonement was God's love, providing satisfaction to God's justice, and making it as consistent with His rectitude as it is delightful to His benevolence to pardon the sin, and restore and renew the sinner." " The cross explains the state of man with God The case reveals the mind of God to man ; There mercy, truth, and righteousness, with peace, M col in one pure embrace." All men are more or less conscious of guilt. The regenerate man alone is conscious that his moral nature is poisoned at the fountain. The Great Teacher has painted as with Indian ink our exact likeness "Out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, territories, murders, there covetousness, deceit, pride, blasphemy, foolishness the evil things come from within and defile the man. Any system of theology which palliates human depravity, obsCures the holiness of God, and. by resolving all into love, is at variance with apostolic doctrines. You will recollect that in the message to one of the seven churches our Lord assumed the august title, Son of God who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire symbol of omniscient and burning purity. Wofetirthut degenerate church did not imitate the ancient believer who said, "I have heard of Thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye doeth Thpe, therefore I abhor myself in dust and ashes. The biography of the saintliest men of every age totals an experience similar to that of John. " Often have I had,'' brave Jonathan Edwards, " very affecting views of my own vileness nay, frequently to such a degree as to hold me in a kind of loud weeping, so that I have been forced to shut myself up. and have had a vastly greater sense of sin and the badness of my heart than over I had bolero my conver- sion." The pure-minded Cowper described the human heart as a nest of serpents, and said " If God cover the mouth of that nest with Ilia band, they are hush and snug; but if He withdraw his hand, the whole family lift up their heads and hiss This I hIwbj-b professed to believe from the time that I had embraced the truth, but never knew it as I know it now." Another Christian point describes the human heart as a temple of the Holy Ghost, yet oft lodging fiends-fiends not suspected to be there. In a sermon preached by Bishop Latimer before Edward VI., he told the" youthful Icing that certain unbaptised and others were burnt as heretics in divers towns in England, and even went to their death cheerfully, bidding with evident satisfaction, "Well, let them go." Oh, Latimer ! the next monarch will consign them to the stake; but before the (he is lighted the fire demon of the bigotry will be cast out, and thy brave words to Ridley will ring through the land, and live forever: "Courage, brother, we shall this day light such a candle in England it will never be extinguished" John Bunyan tells us that after DiaboluB had been expelled from the town of Muntoul, some of the members of his family remained a pestilent disturbers of the peace. If we have harboured some dozen of pride, or bigotry, or envy, or indolence, or avarice, or ambition, let us expel him at once, lest in some hour of sudden temptation. we dishonour both the Master and ourselves and if this kind goeth not out but by superhuman power, remember that that power watta on believing prayer. Have we not a long catalogue of the spiritual victories of leith p Forget not that the Lord can make heroes everywhere. Had he not promised, " Thou shall tread upon the lion and adder, the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under foot."" Every tie is a lion, which can be and must to strangled. We ask you now to consider the severe or holy aspect of Christianity as it appears in the ministry of Jesus. The same apostle who declares that God is love, affirmed also that God is light. Light, the purest object in nature, as the fittest representative of the stainless purity of Jehovah. in his temple vision the prophet behold the Lord sitting upon his throne, high, and lifted up, and his train filled the temple; the burning- Beraphiuia cried one to another, " Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts, the whole earth is filled with His glory " The beloved disciple informs us that that august personage was the Christ, and that launch saw His glory and spake of Him. in His incarnated life have we not notable instances of holy indignation combined with tenderness, full humanity, and full divinity in wondrous union 'f As for the grandest men of old times with whom Jesus hies burn compared, in perfect specimens of ideal humanity were they all think of their deliberate repression of the emotional element in man ; think of their frozen apathy ; think of their determination never to be angry even at wrong-doing, becitUBB it would disturb them sublime repose. With a callous temperament that can witness deeds of selfishness or fraud without a feeling; of just indignation, you can have no sympathy. Auger, when directed to proper objects and tempered with sorrow, is a virtue; but your frosty, passionless store is only half a man, with defective morally as the one-eyed Polyphemus was defective physically. One Sabbath morning, a man, whose body was paralysed, entered the synagogue; the ceremonious PhurhieOi, who proved in public and robbed widows in private, professed to believe that if Jesus healed their afflicted brother on that sacred day He would break the fourth commandment in the law. The Divine Healer, by an appeal to common sense and common humanity, put them to nimmo before the assembly; and, looking- round upon them still under, his piercing glance smote the sanctimonious hypocrites dumb their hypocrisy had kindled in the bosom of our Lord both anger and grief, and the two emotions be finely mingled furnish a fine illustration of sinless unger. Here is the! test by which to discover when our own indignation is without bail. At the annual least of the Pass- over crowds of pilgrims from afar flocked to Jerusalem, to pay their' half shekel of atonement money and to offer sacrifice. Jesus was there and saw the sacred precincts of the temple degraded into a place of bustling commerce. The Court, of the Gentiles designed to show that the glorious temple was to be a house of prayer for all nations, was made a, common market-place filled with sheep and oxen, and " with unseemly wrangling between buyers and sellers, in the liiel-clirindise insult There was nothing wrong, but when sin and motives- brought it into that sacred enclosure, it became a profanation which the son of God could not endure. He never them all out, not by the Bunill whip in his right hand, but by the scourge of his God- like anger, of which that whip was only the symbol. Make not my father's house a house of merchandise" The disciples, obtuse us they were, remembered it was written of Him, '. 'The. result of thine nous's hath eaten me up." Take one more example. Observe how Jesus painted his ideas of a hypocrite-a whited sepulchre, beautiful outward, but within full of dead men's bones, and all uncleanness. Scribes and Pharisees had shut their own interest the light aneTtbo life of the world, their intense hatred had resolved to compass His death, and the sentence of their condemna- tion shall be pronounced in the home of His faithful friends Woo unto them for their fanatical it is to make proselytes woe unto them for their share piety, in paying tithes of garden herbs, while neglecting justice and mercy, an eightfold woo be unto them ' soon as that Kolenia anathema had too i pronounced, you hear the outburst of a tearful compaction over the doomed city, but although He whatever Jerusalem he afterwards sent the Roman army to demolish it To the humble and the sorrowful His coin I ission co ltd aloud, Comeuntomo mill will give arrest ; but to the proud and false b artod bia righteousness cried aloud You are of -v our father the devil and the last of your father I. will do He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. He is a liar, and the father of it Behold the goodness and severity of the Christ in that appalling catastrophe by which millions of Jews perished, and millions became slaves do we day of to question the righteous government of Christ, to work had been given all power in heaven and on the earth P Do we not after eighteen centuries still regard it as an inserts two monument of divine holiness P Is it light for the Chnsii in pulpit to be silent as to to the great day of final round ution t Most significant and impressive is the fact that the doctrine of future punishment is taught in 130 instances in the New Testament and in DSO of them by Jesus burial" He speaks in thunder, speaks of the wrath of God of the undoing worm, of the quench- less the and the garrison to full We cannot forget His pictorial c classification in the íud^nioit-tho Arabs and foolish v ngiiiH the sheep and the goats, arranged on either hand of the Supreme Judge eno class welcomed into the glorious kingdom, the other over to the realm of Satan. And then we health it solemn decree - 1 of him that is holy be holy still, and let him that he filthy so filthy etiU; pro forma character will determine our future dea my; eternal holiness moans eternal bliss eternal in H eternal woo the Rev Baxter went to his own place, and Judge T cries went to his own plays The mind cannot conceive the souls of the good and the evil dwelling together the ; must dwell in conditions called to their status, and hence we arrive at the conclusion that heaven is for the good and hell for the evil to raid Augustine. Bear with me, dear brethren the members of our churches, when I exhort you diligently and devoutly to study the H ol) Scriptures Lot the pr ivor ) on sing on the S ibbath be translated into practice during the week " Oh, may their heavenly j iteBbemj ever dear delight ' You remember that the BtreauB were commended for their final examination of the Old Testament, in order to discover how type and prophecy were expel lined and fulfilled by apostolic teaching It would be well if some of the to telling of the present day were subjected to the greatest Your sisters sometimes wonder whether there is amongst you a reverent study of the S îered w ord, especially of the fourfold history of Christ Would it not be possible for many of you to read one of the four ¡ papers within the week, and thus mentally travel with Jesus in the Holy Land, listening to His words beholding His lunatics- now present at the Sea of Gallilee, when He walked youth water and stilled the raging storm, there atBethntv where His humanity weeps with, the sorrowing sisters and Herb div duty restores their ele id brother to life , then you become a spectator in the house or Simon the I churches, when Team, reproves His self righteous host, and pardons the wooling penitent anon year case upon the awful scene at Cttlvaiy, and hear that loud cry at which undola wondered and demons launched It is finished In three days you got infallible proof of the resurrection of the Lord in that paper re one you listen to that godlike In nulli tion, Peace be unto you and then at beloved Bethany you in His uplifted hands, and receive His blessing is He goes away to prepare a place for you in the father s house such a lesson as that in b sacred story would be of priceless value. Our young people will be assailed with strong temptations to vice at the earnest study of the Word of Life, the newspaper and works of fiction so k to rob you of precious time and quench by our thirst for spirou of truth The pro Hill press in a fountain of both sweet w stud and bitter , it supplies the world with wholesome mental food, and with deadly poison In the pony or of books, as in the power of the tongue, There is life and death Do not misunderstand me meaning or suppose I deem all works of fiction forbidden fruit In the boat authors there is much to ennoble the mind, to enrich the imagination, and to foster a spirit of sell i enunciation. No intelligent man ought to bear stranger to the income nable works of Mr Walter scott. Dean Stanley spoke of the lofty sense of Christian honour, purity, and justice that breathe through every volume of the Waverley novels and Robertson, of Brighton, alluding to more recent fictions, as s, from those of Scott You are with a vigorous, healthy tone of feeling from the others with that Ronan of exhaustion and w darkness which comes from loneliness Blnrecl up to end in nothing On this subject a word to the Wise is sufficient One of the important questions in our commonwealth just now is the religious educa tl m of the young in its wise impartiality, the State has given to all denominations the privilege of imparting rich Mond instruction to the children on in the Public Schools. Sectarianism has been justly rebuked and cast out; but on effort is now being made to reintro- duce it and to justify its introduction by an appeal to the absurd high rent of apostolic succession A corrupt tree will bring forth corrupt fruit, with equal certainty will see tarian educ more produce strife and division in the community As it denomination there must be more religious ii lining in every Christian home not less bind- ing upon us than upon Helnuvr parents is the command to teach our children the good knowledge of the Lord, and the fittest the sweetest, the best place is at the mother's knee If any Chrlhtnn parent plend incapacity for the work, make the Bible your lesson book, and commune with Ultu who desires to be your patient and infallible teacher , do that you will not long complain of incapacity for the task tank indeed' call it a pleasure and a joy As with individuals, so with Churche. Again and again God takes by the hand and alys bart afloat, there up sensibilities of the next car confront us And, it we ask who is sufficient for these things, the issuing answer comes "Lo I am with you always You admired the is me of that joungoiheer who, when about to be despatched by the Duke of Wellington on some dangerous service, asked the great commander for one gin and of his conquering hand, saying that then he would cheerfully undertake the death daring enterprise This is just what we need in our nobler conflict with sin and the powers of darkness the grasp of that mighty Hand which was crucified for us, and now rules the universe If we are workers together with him, and in re of sympathy with His gi tcious purposes, we cannot labour in vain The well known words of 1 invites Havergal may supply) a motto for the coming year true-hearted, whole heart 1, faithful and loyal ' As the disciple of a teacher, and the stewards of it Master, and the subjects of a king who gave His whole sent to redeem andi-ljrify iib, we are bound with golden chains to be faithful and loyal Does not loyalty include universal obedience to His commands just because they are like Does loyalty stop to inquire what is the opinion of the w t rid about my actions i In the Gospels you may find 20 distinct commands given by the mouth of the Lord Jesus Will loyalty pains us to disregard any one of them ? Shall we venture to ignore that symbolic ordinance ythith our denomination observes afterthe apostolic pattern-the immersion of believers only ? All the authority! the amuse, us ironic one has forcibly remarked, stands behind the command to be baptised It is the only thing we are commanded to do in the name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Spirit Given with much solemnity, and in like a symbol of the believers one uses with the Lord Jesus, tina command requires the implicit obedience of His disciples 'also learned Bongel, apprehending the spiritual significance of baptism, re marks-" The believer in baptised into a whole Christ, and so also into the death, and it is the same thing as if at that moment, Christ Buiferud died, and was buried, and rose again for such a man, and as it such a man Biiflerod, died, was buried, and rose again with Christ" to a new life. Finally, we would say to all the members of the Churches, to the work, you not servants of God " as to the opinions you hear, they are not meant to be opiates, but tomcH to brace up the home of your mind for person in section No Christian man liveth to himself, must not, will not the law of unselfishness pervade all nature, neither moon, nor stars, nor plants, 11 r ammonia exists for themselves about. Deeply guilty shall we be if, according to our ability, to do not help forward the kingdom of God When Jesus had recounted to the woman at Jacob's well her shameful history, and created Ilitnaelf as the promised Messiah, who ran back to the city to invite her ignorant neighbours to share in her new-born wonder and joy Was she not serious home missionary, and a noble pattern to every believer, whose work it is to bring others to the asunder" Thousands are perishing around us and, as the Puritan dunn h were courtesan, these people must be converted or ci demand, and, there fore, their salvation must be an ever engrossing thought and desire lunot Jesus what no r other person can be i la He not our two, present and eternal ? Is there not room in His heart of infinite love for the most sinful of every land and even liver' When He had by Hinself expiated our sins, He sat down on the right hand of The Majesty on high, able to save to the uttermost all that come unto the Father by Him. At the conclusion of the address a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. V Burdett, on the motion of the Rev. D luNXvicie, to aided by the Rev. J. A. ÍJ011.11 The Rev S Chai han, who was called upon by the Chairman, delivered a Li ii of address, in the course of which he dwelt upon the remarks of the Chairman as to the notes Bttv of Christiana looking upon their work as a pleasure and a joy, instead of a few mi; it in the light of a task He contended that the prosperity and progress of their Church depended upon the spirit in which the work was carried of The proceedings terminated with the benediction. 