English and Foreign. Cholera continues to spread in France. The harvest yield in England is abundant. The Thugs were suppressed in India in 1830, The oholera is increasing in 'the south of Italy. Canton is being placed in a state of defence by means of torpedoes. It is stated by cablegram that 3,000 of Osman Digoa's followers have deserted him. Lizt, the pianist, is reported to have become totally blind. In Dumfriesshire numerous complaints are heard about the ravages of rabbits. Irish National League Convention sitting at Boston approved Mr. Parnell's Irish policy. The Khahof Khiva has doubled the import duty on Indian tea, which is now nearly Is. a pound. In 1798 the Bauk of England issued small silver pieces worth 5s. They were called bank tokens. The Duke of Newcastle has again returned his tenants 20 per cent of their rents on the past half-year. Of the 160 ironclads in the world, Eng land possesses some forty, and France about the same number. The Mudir of Dongola says he heard from Gordon under date 20th July. He is safe, and Khartoum is tranquil. The London Times suggests that Hanlan, Beach, Ross, and Teeming should meet on the Thames during the autumn. A conspiracy to depose the Mexican Presi dent has been discovered, and two' generals concerned in it were summarily shot. In Ireland, several of whose counties pos sess superior coal and iron, there is some talk of a revival of the iron trade. Baron Miklouho- Maci&y;'s book on his Pacific explorations is to be published in England and Russia at the end ot the year. Sealing wax containing shellac did not come iuto general use in England and Germany until 1556. Red wafers ware made in 1624. The Chinese ascribe the discovery of the pole star to Hong-ti, one of their emperors, who, they believe, was the grandson of Noah. The Earl of Rosebery has again remitted to the tenants on his Buckinghamshire estate 15 per cent, of the rents due Lady Day last. The Peace Society have given Mr. Henry Richard, M P., a cheque for 4,000 guineas in recognition of his efforts to promote their objeots. By order of the Belgian Ministry, the con struction of all buildings for public schools decreed by the late Ministry has been stopped. The engineers' memorial to the late Sir William Siemens is to take the form of a window in Westminster Abbey, at a cost of about £800. The debasement of the half-sovereign in England would render £20,000,000 of the English gold currency unavailable for foreign payments. Nearly 100,000 copies of Mr. Hugh Con way's story, " Called Back," have, it is said, been put into circulation since its publica tion about seven months agb. Emperor William is reported to have said — "The last great work of my reign is to establish Germany's social policy, her colonial policy, and the glory of my son." It is said that notaries public were first ap pointed hy the fathers of the Christian Church to collect tke acti or memoirs of the lives of the first- century martyrs. Following the withdrawal of troops, there have been several serious agrarian outrages committed in Ireland, many parts of the country being in an unsettled state. Hans Bulow is reported to have introduced a new feature iu his concerts. In the adagio of Beethoven's ninth symphony he has the hall darkened and frankincense burned. Two sorts of spurs were in use in England at the time of the Norman conquest, one with a single point and the other with several. The sort now in use were first made about 1400. The men employed in cleaning and sorting vanilla Buffer from a peculiar skin disease, which has lately been found to, be caused by a minute white insect which lives iu the bean. Superstition dies hard. . Hundreds of persons have recently been assembling at Cox's Pond, Broad Green, Croydon, watching for a supposed ghost which was said to rise out of the water ! The name and title of Fortescue came from the oonduct of tha ancestor of the house, who protected William I. with his shield at Hastings, and thence acquired the nameFort- esoue.or strong shield. Charles II. was fond of music, hut only of that in vhich the time was very marked. Iu consequence the sacred music written for the Chapel Royal in his day sounds as if meant for the ballroom. The Princess Christian of SchleBwig-Hol- Stein is said to have made the handsome sum Of £1.000 by her first literary labour, the translation into English of the letters cf her »te rieter, the Prlnoees Alios of Hesse. j — - nriza of 10,000 lire <2, OOOdol. ) j u Ju<» Italian Government in con- offered y Turin Exhibition, for the tmeaof Emitting electric energy to gSit dances, there fa only one entry- that of the Gaulard-Gibbs system. The fibre of silk is the longest OQ?1.8 fibre known. An ordinary cocoon of a well- fed eilkworm will often reel 1,000 yards, and reliable accounts are given by Count andolo of a cocoon yielding 1,295 yards, or a .fibre nearly three-quarters of a mile m length. Queen Mary of England in 1694, the Emperor of Germany in 1711, and the Dauphin and Danphiness of France and their son in 1712, the Emperor of Russia in 1730, and Loois XV. of France m 17f 4, are a few of the royal personages who have died of smallpox. The Calcutta Exhibition has evidently not been without effect in rousing the native mind. A proposal to hold another exhibi tion in Bombay has been taken up warmly. and towards a guarantee fund of ten lacs oi rupees the Rajah of Bhownagger has offered t subscribe 50,000 rupees. - The fact of Herr de Derenthall, Consul- General in Egypt for the German Empire, having been summoned to Varzin, in order to have an interview with Prince Bismarck, would imply that the Berlin Government contemplate action in regard to Egyptian affairs. Chinese mandarins are so averse to owning the superiority of foreign military organisa tion and arms, that officers commanding drilled troops have been known to reserve the us0 of rifles for the enclosed barrack yards, and to review their men in public armed with matchlocks, spears, and bows. The Bishareen members of one of the Soudan tribes have a rather amazing method of arranging their hair. They part it jdst above the ears, and above the line they dress it so that it stands erect. Below the line it is plaited and frizzed and drawn out almost straight, so as to shelter the neck from the sun. Particulars fsom Tiflis describe the recent extraordinary hailstorm at Aschufly, in the district of Eriwan, as very disastrous. The hailstones are said to have averaged lib. in weight, and were of the dimensions of goose eggs. The- rivers were dammed and the banks flooded. Seventy houses were com pletely razed, and forty lives lost. The damage is estimated at 300,000 roubles. Investigations concerning the effect of different forms of artificial illumination on the health show that the tallow candle is the most unwholesome agent, and the electric light the best. The incandescent electric lamp produces only about one-thirteenth as much heat as the tallow candle, while it gives out no carbonic acid or water. One gas-jet in a room is said to vitiate the air as much as six persons. A distinctly novel task as regards England ( has been undertaken by the authorities of Kew Observatory. For a small fee they will report upon the qualities of any watch submitted to them, tendering a statement of its 'going powers under varied conditions Of temperature, and so forth, and -awarding certificates of excellence on the plan pursued for years by the principals of observatories in Switzerland and in the United States. One reason why the production of three- volume navels has almost ceased to be a paying business in England is that the country newspapers are now publishing so many serials. A local paper, costing only a penny per week, gives in each issue not only liberal instalments of two novels, bat the news of the neighbourhood and the world, haniorous extracts, and clever original articles. 