ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. There were special services in all i lie Roman Catholic churches yesterday, in c.-leb atiqn of Trinity Sunday. At St. Mary'? Cathedral the .Kc v. P. M. Ryan celebrated High Mas?, with the Rev, D, P. Quirk, and the Rev. J. Hayes as ass'strint deacons. . The choral service. was very fine', iind of a character appropriate to' the festive' commemora tion. The Kyne tind Gloria of Afozart's well- known twelfth Mass were given with grand eifo-.t. , and the portions of the music from Haydn's Af i?s No, 2, were equally well rendered. Airs Riley! waii the principal singer, and tho other soloists' wero Miss Stafford, Mr D. F. Kelly, and Air F. J, H die- well. The special solos, besides the masV, were rung by Mrs P. O. Curtis, whose beautifully sym- i nthetic voice was heard to perfection, 'arid Air Hallewell, The offertory boIo " Confirm Hoc Deus," by Mr Hallewell, was a splendid effort, tbo singer's noble voice rolling out the stately and solemn air with an effect highly artistic and impressive. The Rev. Father Moymgn preached the sermon, in which there were special references to the celebration of the day. On this occasion -the Church asked them to celebrate a mystery at onee the most anelent, the mjst sacred, and the most fundamental of their roligiou; TJp<> the mysi. ry of the Holy Trinity the vilio'o system ' bf ' Christianity Tested, and without A belief no if there could he no belief- in the existence of God.; Rcgatdcd'Bltnply as n mystery very little coufo be said of it, and Catholics rf quired no explanation, for they accepted it as a matter of faith. The doctrine of the Church had always been that there are three persons distinct and equal exist ing / in one divine mture called the Godhead, and the union is called the Trinity. This is the doctrine founded on 'the'Ecrip tores _and on the. teaching of Jesus Christ; and every Catholio recognised it as a duty to accept it as one of the things which are beyond ihe comprehension and knowledge of man. It is the moBt ancient of the great truths aud mysteries, because it dates back to the commencement of all time, and to doubt it is to dcubt all God has revealed to man.- It i3 the mcst sacred because it is the very centre of faith and belief, snd it is the most fundamental, because upon :it is built the whole scheme and system of the Christian religion. Christ sent forth his disciplc-B lo preBch in the name of the Father, tbe Son, and the Holy Ghost, and if we refuse to believe in the existence of tho Trinity, we spurn and ignore the words of Christ, and the redemp tion of man by tbe death of Jesus Christ the Son of God, is maie a mete fable. All that wa have we owe lo tbo Trinity, to God the Father the Creator, to God tbe Son the Bedeemer, and to God the- Holy Ghost the Sanctifier, and it is at once a duty of gratitude and a matter of necessity for the falvation of our souls, to show oor veneration end affection towards tbe ever blessed and alt- powerful Trinity. The rev. gentleman concluded sn earn? st nnd impressive discourse by an exhorta tion to the congregation to preserve witbin their hearts' a firm and living faith. In the evening their was another very large congregation. 