•CLEANLINESS AND GOD-LIKENESS. MB. EDITOB—Since I sent my last contribution to your paper (our handy washing- tub) I have been advertising, running, searching, hoping, cursing, and vexed about finding a room for my dear body to repose in peace between the battles in and for life. As I am going in for high life on moderate terms, the competition is awful. On this, my aspiring ambition, I want of course a dwelling on the top of the highest hills near town to recover from the " ills that flesh is heir to.'" I have found no room yet to ray liking: but hope to find room in your columns to ventilate in a healthful, spiteful mood of mind, a question which should command the sympathy of all sincere admirers of "soap!" that angelic contrivance against rebellious dust and dirt, the deposit of the devil s breath. I see the vignette for your paper: granny and "You dirty boy!" has not yet battled its way to the front of your pages; but I fancy I hear something like splashing and scrubbing from your office afar, and as your "washing day" is at hand, I may send a bit of my views to add to the charm of cleanliness. Cleanliness is next to Godliness. Sadly true ? Why sadly ? 'Cause of the Outrageous charges on the washing-bills! There, with a crash, I land at once on a most •crying wrong: a shame, a disgrace on a nation claiming a prominent position in civilisation and more, in philanthropic progress, to shift the foremost demand of bodily health, insisted on even with beasts—coolly on the shelf of luxuries! Don't be afraid, Mr. Editor, of my bold language, for I see clergymen and doctors coming enthusiastically up in our rear; and the ghosts of the o'd Roman Empire will inspire us with eloquence to fight f-.,r the speedy restoration of that heaven-opening institution—a bath and clean 1'iien icithin reach of all—and at all times. In London every workman finds his warm bath for two pence, aud saves pounds otherwise to be spent in doctors and drugs by this simple and delicious prevention. A clean skin, and regular removal by thorough washing of the foul magnetic influences adhering to unchanged clothing, is the grand secret of enjoyment of existence, that precious stock of " wealth " which requires no coin for every mortal recreation, but is the stii-ulant to happiness itself. If we frankly realized the tei tible dangers of neglect of body where money is not at hand to counteract by artificial renovators or counter-poison, we would lose not a moment in setting out for reform, even rebellion, if we are not aided by those who are elected to speak (aud I suppose to work) for the well-being of the people. Now 1 stop my pen and ask my readers to talk with their sensible doctors first about the culture of the skin and «lothing free of smelL Now, I take up my pen again, supposing the leader just returning from the doctor. Sixpence for washing a shirt; threepence for an undervest; twopence for socks; one penny for haudkei chief; one penny for collar—means one shilling and odd pence is the fine for appeariug as a decent chap—on the Sabbath before your Maker! Nice state of affairs ! One feels inclined to wonder that the Almighty should have put one into being without the coin for the laundress in the pocket! I believe that in extra hot seasons, where a daily change of clothing is almost imperative, whole families fly to the sea-shore to escape from the heat and the dear laundress. Now, let the wellto-do arranpr • matters as best they can, but what of the pooi-, . f the toiling workmen who need the support .> h.-uk., more thau the rich, whose Wtole-away o. ilae is often nothing but ailing and being cuio.iA public bath, on philantropic, not on money spec, principles, is what I am going in foi-, and with clever minds in the concern, I shouldn't wonder if a company should even trinmph in a little side profit for the pocket, besides the reward of helping on the true "salvation" longed for by all. Now I close and rejoice in what I have written, for it will inspire a better advocate for a good cause. It appears to me that the design of the perfect and loving Creator is lost under dust and dirt, like an old picture going to be restored under skilful hands. Let us, Air. Editor, cheerfully go on with cautiously rubbing off '•he layers of filth over the glorious master-picture, and as we have besides chemical soap, some stuff with which to handle obstinate lumps and suspicious spots, we may yet see the original picture ultimately come out, for aught I know, it may be the sublime image of Christ. Yours, &c.;, INQUIRER. 