AIV OCEAN WAIF, BY A SEAVAUKIl. -London Telegraph. " I was second mate at the time," began Mr. Humphrey Iloband, who related to us the fol lowing story, "and our vessel was a bark, named the Eaglo. We were bound Srom New- port, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town, -with a cargo of iron, and then wo were to go on to Melbourne, and theneo to Cdllao. Beside mo, thero were Captain Blackett, and Joaiah Bitting, the chief mate, along with fifteen or sixteon hands forward, including the idlers; and, taking ua all round, I don't think that ever a better ship's company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among us; thero was no_ growling,no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch tho execution of it. Well, wo left Newport en a Monday afternoon, and went away down the* Bristol Channel into tho Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, made feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blew, sometimes nor' enst and sometimes n?r' west, coming now and again a trifle freah, but nover so strong as to cause ua once to furl the mainroyal day or night. Wo saw nothing of the trade wind till wo were in about latitude '20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed ua one morning with slowly falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of tho sou' west, and a sort of dirty blue aUy filmod o'er with haze that might have passed for tho drainings from smeltors' chimneys. Amid this tho Sun hung like a huge jelly-fish, a shapeless oozing o£ brightness, with scarce, enough 'of power in him to put a streak of light into tho brow of tho Dwell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemed to be trying to wash the yellow stain he made out of tho vault of tho sky. There was a queer 3tnell of decayed marine vegetablo mat ter about, which came up in whiffs when tho rolling of the bark made whito water along side, and, spite of tho sky being thin enough to let the ghost of tho sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think that, if it was night, you'd see green lightning playing about over the mastheads, like the dartings of tho phosphorus from tho ship's sido in black water when you're in the tropics and the night lies doad upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. "Woll, what theso plain signs betokened came to pass right euough. The glass went on dropping, and the swell came along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon thero was scarce more daylight visible than you'll find in tho last lingeriugs of twilight ashore. Wo wero snugged down to lower top-sails, tho yards square, for thoro was no call to brace them one way or another when for houre thoro hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not ao much as to give a flutter to tho vano at tho royal masthead, saving what tho barqua gavo herself by tho sweep of her spars. All hands wera on deck, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but inoapable of guessing from what quarter it meant to como. It was as much as we could do to ccc one another's faces. Tho strain on tho epars and rigging was something fearful with the rolling, and in tho gloom overhead yon could hear tho creaking and complaining, tho squealing of sheaves, tho groaning of psitrals and trusses. 'At four o'clock, or thereabouts, tho wind swept down upon us in a body, right in tho wake of tho swell. It was wind at first, but it became a moving wall in a short time, and before the clewlines could bo manned tho foretopsail blow up and burst into smithereens, just like one of those elastic air-balls when filled too full. It was a torriblo tempest. I, who have i soon some fearful weather in my time, will ! take my affidavit that a worao storm of wind never raged than that. It pioked tho sea up and niado wheels of the waves that looked—l don't say they were—but that looked to be forty or fifty feet high. Tho Eaglo was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of wnter forward, so that tho under deck.forecastlo was scarcely to bo como at by tho men through the scuttle. In tho troughs, duriug tho weather rolls, the barque would lay so far over to windward that it was enough to raako tho oldest ooaman hold his breath to look at tho curl of tho oncoming sea, and upeculnto whether |it waa possible that sho could hoist herself out clear of that j terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch before it I rolled its enormous volume clear over her. But the Eagle was a good eea-boat, having a flaring bow that fovcod the head surges to throw her up, and a swell of the sides that made her oork-like on tho lean of a twenty foot hill of water. Had she been of the ordinary tank-shape it must have been all froth to ten feet abovo the mast-coats, with tho watch on deck in the weather-rigging, and the master and mates keeping a look out in tho cabin and conning her by the tell iale. " three daye wo had terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veored to duo east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the north east and blow along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a- Wednesday, the ~ morning -watch and I had charge of tho deck. Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' sail, tho sky cloar, and tho cast as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calmj the trade clouds rolling in puffs of vapor athwart tho stars overhead and in the west, and tho horizon a lino as black as you could pro duce by the sweep of a pair of compasses dipped in India ink. I stepped over to looward to have a look at tho sea under the foot of tho meinsail, and just then the arch o£ tho sun jutted up and sent n long beam of silver light Hashing across the ocean, tho extremity of which sparklod upon an object that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bora about four points on the !co bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She -was a vessel, of ?what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently undor small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and than had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could net yet be sure, though the small canvas sho showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, find I re ported the sail to him. He pointed tho tele scope at her and said: 'It seems a case of distress. Your sight's better than mine; have you made out anything resembling a color ? ' ' No, sir.' ' Well, wo will bear down and sea what's the matter. Keep her away,' he called out to the fellow at the wheel; and at tho same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This waedone, and the vessel broughtabout apoint on our lee bow. It was not long before we were able to make her out very plainly with tho slass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of abont eight hundred tons; her threa lower top sails and topmost ataysailhad been blown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rig ging the English ensign had been seized, union dowu, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, making as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, vro shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharplookout for anything that should resem ble a human being ; but there was nothing in that way to be Been. There waa a longish deck house aft, and the remains of another one for ward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slowslant now and again thet hova a sipace of her wet side into , tho sun and made her flash out like a beacon. ' She looks to be abandoned, sir,'says I to tho captain. ' Why, yes,;that'sherappeaiance, cer tainly,' says he. ' But it's a fins morning; no harm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopsail was laid to tin; mast, a boat low ered, and three hands pulled mc aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the raii after mo leaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks wore full of raflle, ropes, staves, and casks, and tho like, the main hatches were oil, as if tho crew had been jettisoning her cargo, her port bulwarks forward of tho main rigging were smashed flush with the deck; and altogether shu had the most wrecked and strained appearance that amost ever I aaw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer that came was the sound of the streaming of the wind through tho rigging, and the bubbling and washing noiso of tho water over the side. ' No fear as to her , not being abandoned, sir,' said ono of the men. 'An empty coffin could'nt bo more destitute of life. , I stepped to the door of the deck house and looked in. Thsro was no appearance injury here. A table went down it, chairs on one sido and a locker on the other, and on the port Bide was a row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this deek- hou3o swung open, and I and the two men paered in, and then says I, 1 I'll just step in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there wa3 no name.on her bows, and whatever might havo been written on her stern was under water; but scarce had I uttered tho above observation when a sort of thin, wailing cry camo from one of the cabins. ' Hello I' says one of the men, ' tho crow has gone and left poor pussy behind. 'Pussy!' says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing ; ' that's no cat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to tho cabin, from which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just the kiud of sight my mind seemed to h'avc boon prepnred, by tho cry we had heard, to witness. Tho cabin was a bit of bos with a scuttle over the topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments on the deck, along with an infant's feeding bottle,broken, and a few other domestic odds and ends only met with at sea when there aro women aboard. As wo entered a secondsinall, wailing cry came from the upper bunk, and, looking, we spied a dead woman in it, with her right arm oast round a baby niue or ten months old. It was impossible to toll that sho was dead till wo drew closo and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, not more than twenty-sis or twenty seven, tho hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt sho had beea pretty enough, but now hor faco was so strangely white that she might havo passed for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. Tho baby was too young to eit up; ho lay—it was a boy, sir—Jio lay in his dead mother's arm, giving now and again tho queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I picked htm up out of the bunk, find found him wet through, and his flesh liko stone for the cold. Ilia mother's clothes—if tho woman were his mother, which I don't doubt—were streaming wet, too, and this mado us suppose that she had beon driven from the deck by tho washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to dio there. "Tho men spoko hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should havo been left alono in tho wreck. Who was she ? I said there was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. She might havo boon tho wifo oi tho master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no ono to look after her; or all hands might havo perished in getting tho boats over, or tho crow might have forgotten her when they put off; there was no telling. Thoro lay the woman dead, I said; and I gavo tho baby to ono of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap tho littlo chap up in, for ho trembled liko a shivering bird with tho cold, aud kept on wailing, as if our handl ing him and the sound of our voices had put a bit of life into him. We looked hurriedly I into tho other cabins, but they were eniptyj and wo could find no papers. There was no good bringing tho dead mother along with us to bury; tho ship glio was in was her rightful coffin, and being very deep, with her main hatch open, I rightly reckoned that tho noxt I bit of eoa. that got up would sink the. wreck fast enough. I don't say as I didn't mumble a prayer-as I oatno away holding the little chap. ? It was an affecting sight to sec that young I woman lying there so lonely—quite reoently iioad, as we might suppose by herlittle ono , being alive; and when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as if she knew that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for fcho barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Boband ?' sings out Capt. Blackott, lean ing over the rail. 'A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him see the littlo face ineide. ' Well, well,' erics he, tossing his hands. 'Look sharp and get aboard." All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and thoro went a deal of hoarse whispering among the rrieii as" theypressod forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain—the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship; be pulled off his cap as if awed, by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as ho gazed down upon it, 'And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr. Boband ?' says he, pointing to the wreck. ' Ay, sir, , says I. ' God receive her !' says he. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband?' ? Why, I have two of my own, , I answered ; ? but 1 was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. Bat what we have to do with the baby," says I,' is to feed him and get him warm at once.' ' Then take him below—take him below, Mr. Boband,' cries the captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never Blind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshspo condition.' Well, I carried him t<) my cabin, and sung out to the steward to helj) mc un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved inc. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in tuo masts of a two-thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both tho steward's and my fingers were square edged, and we had to be very careful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing tho little chap of the things ho was dressed in. He cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him ;* but the steward said: ' No, I know the nature of infants; it wotf.d be unnatural if they didn't cry; it's a fashion their lungs have oi growing.' 'Are you sure?' says I. ? Cocksure,'says he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Boband ?'' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket wr had aboard, t\\\& steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the galley fire; and while I was sitting waiting for tho steward, with tho baby lying on my knees, the captain comes in. "' God help this poor little onel' says he; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Boband ? ' ' Not a year old,'_says I. ' Not a year old !' he cried; ' how wonderful arc the ways of Providence that ft tiny bubblo of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all tho rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely fir ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, bat it was no good; I couldn't get the vuilk down his throat; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more difficult. ' Here, givo rue hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the' baby ou his kneo. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got j a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit tho little chap fell asleep, where upon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ' Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. He was a sort of a trial in his way, for ho wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't tho fingers nor the understanding for such work. He was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant; blue as the heavens under whioh wo were sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lie naked on a flannel ' shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make mo feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn'e loneliness to troublo mc too much. He had but tho clothes wo' found him in ; so the Captain and I gave each of us a soft calioo shirt to one of tho men forward, a neat hand with the needlo, a chap named Claw, to make into r? couple of suits of linen for the baby ; and thia and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his littlo starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deok and lay him in the fold of a sail or on tho ensign when the weather was lino and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. Ho made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could bo rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the moving fancies he'd put into tho men as they'd creep aft—and I never pretended to notice them— to have a look at tho littlo 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen thorn squirt overboard from the quarterdeck after watch ing tho baby, as if their hearts were too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, air, thcro came an end to this. It must havo been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. Ho had a fit, but pulled through it, and wo thought him all right, and I left him sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk while I went on deck. We wero then in latitudo 28 dogrees south, in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deck two hours, when tho steward came up through tho companion, and, ap proaching mo slowly and speaking very solemnly, ho says : ' Mr. Bobaud,' ho says, ' little Jimmy,' that was the name he wont by. ?Little Jimmy,' he says,' has gone to jino his mother.' I started aud said :.' What's that you say?' He answered: 'Our littlo uns dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of tho bairn, sir, and the sight broke mc down, and one or two heaving sobs camo from mo, no more to be holpod by mo than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as i£ a beautiful littlo Indian bird that you had cherished and Jooked after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your lovo. Only this was an immortal being, a fellow creature, a little baby that wo had plucked frem the very brinkof an ocean gravointo whiohhis mother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him. , ' Hβ is gone!' said Captain Blackett; ' 'tis God'a will, {Mr. Bo band. Wo did our duty by him—wa could not have dono more.' ' Wo may take it, sir, that his mother wanted him, , says the steward. 'Ay, steward, and herentroaty line been answered," says thecaptain, with a glance aloft. " " I could not take any hand in equipping tho little niito for his funeral. I was too much upect, sir. The sailmaker made a tiny hammock for-him, and they put hia hands together, and smoothed tho little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed him in clean things, and, before he was stitohed up, all hands lay aft to say good-bye, ? and ne'er a man among them that entered the cabin but stopped to givo the littlo cold face n kisa before leaving. W?j kept him till noxt day, and buried him after eight bells had been made. It was a green, windy, glistening morning; the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of ,the: ; men gathered around the gangway swayed at our feet as tho bark rolled over tho surges ' and the dancing sun darted beama like spears of light from the clouds through which he 7 swung. Oh, sir! tho contrast of that little hammock upon the grating with the huge grave that was to receive it 1 The service almost more than some of us could bear; l'd7 bco the men turn their heads away and look': down, and when at last it. came to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of the ? body into the water, wo all let our breath out . in a sob. as.the tiny hammock sped like a snowflake over the side and vanished in the slant of a sea who3e breaking summit flashed a rainbow over the spot."^ 