fOIOULAR HEAD. (RO01I OU1 OWN COII5RIPONDENT.) Tihe annul meeting of the Stanley Cricket Olub. held on the 18th inst., was well attended, thle l'esident, Mr. H. . Spioer, oeeupying the chair. For the current year Mr. H. G. Spicer w;s re-elected president and captain, Mr. T. Wilkins treasurer, and MIr. WV. B. Collins was elected secretary. Prizes to thloseo who had din tinguisled themselves during tihe past season weto awarded as follow :-Be? t hatting average, II. F. Ford; highest score in a matah and in an innings, IH. G. Slicer bowling, TV. Phillips; fielding, F. Fergueon. In the howling depart ment, W. Phillips dietanced all competitors, and his analysis is deserving of special notice. Ho bowled 360 halls for 84 rilns, taking 27 wilckets at an average of 33 runs ler wicket. Tinl is nonmean performance, when it is con. sidered that most of the wickeots were obtained in playing against the redoubtable Black River boys, wiho can turn out a team Vet to compate with any eountry eleven in the Island. The Stanley Oricket Club is fortunate in possessing a bowler of so mueh promise, and Spoilorth's detention ill thie ol. country need ,reato no anxiety in Austrmlia. Don't come home soon, Fred; cricket shall have a fillip in your absence. On MIondny morning a blackfishi, 20ft. in length, was stramnded on the townshnip beach, and after a desperate attempt to regain deep water, gaveap the ghost.; It is of no com. moreial value, beyond furiishing osr young men with haireoi. and providing tihe residents ie the immediate nelghlboarbood with por funnery of tie cheap end nasty doseription. A f"ull-grown whale Ihas boon cruising about itsl hay for tihe lst day or two looking for the Table Capo lighthouse, or waiting a rise in oil. Quien sale. A few days siuece Mr. Edwardl Brehany was the victim of an aeoident, whilch it was feared might result in the lossof aln eye, I am happy tosayy uchi antieipatione proved groundless, and le is noew rapidly recovring from the ill etfeets of hie misadven turC. Sympathly is ever grateful to the suffering, and Mr. rolesny has had no reason to eamollain on the score of cois dolnico. Friends soothed the sufferer with harrowing tales of similar mishaps, invariably resulting in partial or total blindness, while tlhe most cherished o0[ childhood's companions assured him vittl deep emotion that one eye aould suthte for whet was to be seen at olr slar Head. Taste is everything, buort I freely admii that condoleno of such a cahnraoter would lien had a very deareosinig effect upona meo. I rtliar iaclino to the sympathy which Carlylo assorts ise to he fond in a hearty laugh. Anotheor yarn (anll my eye, t oo hill provideo sbilliaenit anguish for a single centrlbution. At Stanley the bullet usunally terminates tleo oxistensce of tie cattle destined to iurnish sm uith beef. To this end a local bItoher recently retained tihe servicon of an individual who, as a cnrbineer or horse marine, had earned tie relutation of being able to shnoot the prover. bial hiystock. Arrined at the scene of aoction, ltoe ipukeaeer loaded in lbe enact number ot motions prescribed by regulation, end cnme to the pres-nt with the grace only ecquiced by military training. Those was a blind.ing flashl . a terrifie bang i and a sightlesa bullock tro madly around thb narrow enicoasre. An angry imprecation broke from the butcher, andthe delighted marklsman f~uiig his hat intthe air. as he yelled--" A bells ny, by Jevel" In futore our butoher will shooet his cnttba with a pole-nRa. October 99, 