0— — — a:— a— —1— — —gy— — THE ST. PATRICK'S DAY BANQUET. MR. C0PELAND RECEIVES AN ENTHUSIASTIC OVATION. The customary banquet in honor of St Patrick's Day, held last night at the new Masonic Hall in Castlereagh-street.was attended by about 200 gentle men. Mr J. P. Garvan, M.P., was chairman, and Mr T. C. O'Mara, M.P., Mr W. T. Coonan, M.P., and Dr Goode were vice-chairmen. Mr John Hardie, Mayor of Sydney, sat on the right of the chairman; the hon. G. R. Dibbs, Colonial Treasurer, on his left. Amongst the other gnests were Sir Jno. Robertson, K.C.M.G., M.P.. Messrs Dalton, Longhnan, Levicn, Batcher, Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., M.P., and Oliff-i, M'fi.I'., J. G. O'Connor, Alderman M'Mahon, Alder man J. D. Young, Alderman Hart, Dr L. Fitzpatrick, T. Thompson, Dr Clunc, F. J. M'Carthv, E. J. Hollingdale, T. Fox, L. Foley, J. Baxter, Dr. Power, R. Sheridan, F. B, Frecblll, P. It- Larkin, J. Toohey, J. D. Fitzgerald, M.- O'Neill, D. O'Neill, E. Flanagan, T. Bntlcr, P. M'Mahon, J. Hunt, O. Huenerbein, T. Kearcy, K. Digby, T. A. Mathews, O. Coghlan, M.A., J. Boland, and many others. Letters of apology for non-atten- danco wero read from the Hon. Alexander Stuart, Colonial Becretary, the Hon. E. Barton, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Hon. F. A. Wright, Minister for Works, Mr Jnstiee Faucett, Sir George Inncs, Mr JuBtice Windeyer, and Mr 0. M. Toohey. The banquet was an excellent one, the Compagnoni Company being the caterers. After the usual loyal toasts were got through, Tho Chairman proposed " The day we celebrate." He said:— "In submitting to you the toast of the day, I feel how much I fall short of the qualities requisite to the responsibility I have undertaken. (No.) In fact, I cannot but think that the gentle- men who honoured me by inviting me to preside this evening, are artists of so pronounced a character, that they designed that the brilliancy of the speeches to be made by the several orators this evening wonld stand out in bolder relief, and with greater effect under the presidency of an ordinary matter-of-fact chairman, who is especially lacking in the poetic qualities and graces of speech that should more fittingly adorn the position which I occupy to-night. And great as are my natural disqualifications for the position. I might crave your special indulgence this evening, for instead of coming to the post, in sporting parlance, 'fit as a fiddle," I regret to say I am thoroughly out of condition. I have not been well for some days past, and it caused me considerable anxiety lest I should be unable to preside this evening. But I deemed it a sacred duty to come — (cheers) — even if I were only able to submit to you the toast without any effort at a speech. For gentlemen it requires no powers of oratory to proclaim to the world that the object of our meeting is the noblest and holiest. (Cheers.) 'Tis to keep alive tho spirit of true patriotism, the undying love of country. A theme that in all ages, and in every clime, has won tributes of praise from the greatest men of every nation. (Cheers.) Politics as well as polemics, have never found a home at any of these annual gatherings — (applause)-for no matter whether you be Whig or Tory, Liberal or Conservative, sup- porter of Government or Opposition, your sensibili- ties will not be offended here to-night ; and as for theological opinions, Come, send round the wlne and leave points of belief To simpleton sages and reasoning fools ; This moment's a flower, too fair and sweet, To be withered and stained by the dust of the school; Your glass may be purple and mine may be blue But while they are filled from the same bright bowl, The fool who would quarrel for difference of hue Deserves not the comfort they shed o'er the soul. (Cheers,) Need I say that those few lines from our immortal poet, Moore, speak thoe sentiments, not lip utterd but heart - felt, of the vast majority of Irishman, and their descendants in New South Wales. (Cheers.) Before a meeting such as this, representative in the numbers, the position and tho character of those who have gathered at this festivo board, the mere mention of illustrious names known to every render of Irish history, and known and revered by overy Irishmen from Dublin to Connemara, from Cork to Donegal, raises up in every case a hallowed form, whose every act and every aspiration during their livos, are now as gospels guiding their countrymen, (Cheers.) Whatever may be tho Irishman's faults of character, no one can justly accuse him of ingratitude to those who devoted themselves to the cause of their country. (Cheers.) Mention any of the long list of gallant names associated with tho struggles for Irish freedom. Mention any one of them to the humblest peasant in his cot, to tho workman|at hi3 labour, and you will bo greeted by a blessing,— Far dearer tho grave or tho prison, Illumined by one patriot name, Than the trophies of all who havo risen On liberty's ruins to fame. (Cheers.) if to-night I were to take even but one name from the long nnd lustrous roll of great Irishmen, Grattan, Curran, or O'Connoll, Wolfe Tono or Robert Eminett, Ilichard Brinsley Sheridan or the great Edmund Burke, Tom Moore, Davis Clarence Mangan, or M'Gee — (cheers)— from anyone of those orscore3 more, who now sleep with the silent dead, a mere recapitu lation of the main acts and motives of his life wonld tench-a lesson of wisdom nnd virtue. It is nt the roves of tbe Bllcnt dead, by the ashes of the great epartcd, that those lessons are best taught, for it has been truly said by a great Irishman tha' for ono wrong rcdrosscd, ono grievance removed by tbe living bore, fifty aro Bwopt away by the con tinuous application of tho principles he upheld, and tbo spirit which ho fostered and inspired. (Cheers.) Let us then on this annual commemora tion. sacredly yet joyously, approach the graves of tne great dead, and drink inspiration and en- couragement from tho lessons their lives inculcated.. That Ireland laboured under many grievances in the past, that she still labours under some to-day, no reasonable person will question, and if it were deemed necessary of proof, I conld quote from the greatest living Englishmen in support ; and though the solu tion of Ireland's difficulties may appear to some a matter of the simplest procedure — almost as simple as the passing of a perfect Land Bill— (laughter) — or even a wisely conceived property tax — (laughter) — yet, even those simple things require thought and consideration. (Hear, hear.) So also, with granting furthor needed legislation to Ireland, I am hojieful that the near future will bring the realisation of the most ardent patriot's desire (Cheers.) I have been gratified from time to time to read the friendly utterances and writings of great Englishmen on the snbjeot of Ireland, bnt amongst them all there was none gave me greater pleasnr: than the late great Dr Badham, whose cultu- -, whose vast and varied learning left him almost wit'i- oot a rival in the British dominions. (Cheers.) Iu a short poem, addressed to Irishmen, he says : — Be reason's sovorolRii word Tho only weapon of yonr couillos throng) ; Swoll loud tbo diapaBon ol yonr light; For jnstico pooling from tha tkomand tongnos la aa a trnmpet ot tho Lord ot Hoite ; Tbo strongholds of thB proud wltbont a thrust Fall flat boforo It, wbl'o tho dust Mounts from tbo cramblcd toworB liko the departing ghosts. In another part it might bo almost deemed pro phetic of tho present day. The same nnthor says — If, Erin, thy birthright wero othor than qnoonly, If doll woro tby mind, as Ignoble thy wool, No power had Fortune to raok thoo so hconiy. By mooking and marrfng what Nature bestows. O, doworod with gifts as tho darling ol hoavon, Made rich but to spoil, and made fair t: botray. Bnt tho hour is appointed, tho ohatnpion Is given— Tho dark spell that binds then shall vanish away 1 Tbe sound of onr voico ali tby thonsands shall rally; No throat shall they ntter, no sword riiall thoy draw. Merob, march to yonr triumph I while poaco in her valley RupoBO) scrouo In tbo Bbeltor of lew. (Cheers.) And now one word to tho onlookers at Irish movements. Do not condemn a whole party because some who profess to belong to it are guilty of misconduct, perhaps of the grossest kind — (hear, hear)— for an Irish party is no more free from villain ous hangers-on than similar parties in other countries. The historian and essayist, Lord Macautoy, writing on this subject says: — "A party has its sutlers and camp followers as well as its soldiers. In its progress it collects round it a vast retinue, composed of people who thrive by its custom, or are amused by its dis play ; who may bo sometimes reckoned, in an ostentatious enumeration, as forming part of it, but who give no aid to its operations, and take but a languid interest in its success ; who relax its disci pline, and dishonour its flag by their irregularities ; and who, after a disaster, aro perfectly ready to out the throats and rifle the baggage of their companion." The great Irish party of to-day has its sutlers and camp-followers, bu it also has its chivalrous soldiers — (cheers)— and whilst abstaining from discussing their merits, we can rest satisfied that historv will repeat itself, and that when tho final record is written, many of them will occupy a niche in his tory, filled only by the great and good. (Chairs.) Whilst thus annually reviving the memory of illus- atrious poets and orators, scholars, statesmen, and soldiers, we will apply tbe noblest lessons their lives inculcate to the advancement of this, the coun try, either by choice or by birth, of us all, and in so doing Australia will bless the annual commemora tion that teaches such beautiful yet practical lessons of public virtue, (Loud cheers.) Dr. Goode responded. The day was one dear to ; _Jhc hearts of all there, a day. when the miud3 wan- '"dered unconsoionsly baok to tho distant time when 'their national saint introduced Christianity into the country, where the lamp of roligion and learning buri.t with a clear and steady flame when the rest of Euroi o was wrapped in the darkness of barbarism. ( Che t re.) Thoso who spoke disparagingly of Ireland skruld remember that the learning we possessed was . in u great measure owing to the manner in which it »i.s preserved in the monasteries of their native land in those dark, troublous times of the middle ages. (Ci ecrs.) The saint whom they honoured was a M' dfast, determined man who, by bis deeds, words, and actions bad inflncnoed the deatiuies of tho human yace. (Choers-) 5a wts? pr many j onng men, natives of this land, bnt of Irish . parentage, who were joining in the celebration ont i of love and regard for their parents and their memo- : lie?. (Cheers.) He concluded with an appropriate culogiutn on the beauty of tho virtue of patriotism. ! Mr J. G. O'Ryan proposed the toast of the Ministry, i (Cheers.) It was their custom always to propose , this toast at their annnal anniversary, no matter what ministry was in power, and this showed, if it I showed nothing else, the Catholicism of their charity. He referred with regret to the absence of the Hon. "W. B.Dalley, who was always so ready when they re quired his aid to help them with hi3 oratory. (Cheers.) However, he was glad to see that they had another great big man of the Ministry in Mr Dibbs — (applause) — and he tendered the Ministry, through Mr Dibbs, their heartiest welcome. (Cheers.) It was not for him to criticise the actions of the Go vernment, bnt he felt compelled to eay that, in his opinion, the gentlemen who formed it were trnly anxions for the welfare of the conntry, and wonld do everything in their power to promote it. (Cheers.) Mr G. R. Didbb, who was received with great ap plause, said : — Yonr chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, " The day we celebrate," very wisely laid down in two words, the rales which wonld gnide the speeches here to-night. He stated that polities and religion were not to be diHeoased a: this table. (Cheers.) How can I, then, after aa injunction of thatjkind, say one word about the political history of the Ministry ? How can I say one word about the Ministry of which I am a memberj wh sn I have by: my side my old and respected friend, Sir John Robertson ? (Cheers.) He takes a vastly different view of the political questions of tho day from that of the present Ministry. (Liughtcr.) We are here to-night, Government and Opposition, and we ore here as friends, to do bononr to the memory of St. Patrick. (Hear, hear.) That one circumstance —that we are here holding divergent views on very important qncstions — is a text which I should like you to let me say ono or two words npon, and I put it in this way, that on the shores of Australia where we have the misfortune to possess no patron saint — (laughter). — when once Englishmen, Irish men, and Scotchmen meet, they become blended in one whole and nnitcd Australian people. (Loud Cheers). In tho most christian spirit I believe it to be the dntv of every good man in the country to re joice with those who rejoice, and to weep with those who weep. (Hear, hear.) To-night, as ono of yonr gnosis, 1 rejoice to the uttermost depths of my soul at tiie fact that so many Irishmen are met here to night to think of their old and beloved country, nnd to do honour to their patron saint. (Cheers), I do not know that I cannot cla 1 n to be au Irishman myself — (laughter) — though born - by the p-irast accident in Australia, and I believe I have as strong a claim to Bpeakof St. Patrick as many of thoso who arc here around me at this moment. (Applan.se.) Your vice- chairman told ns to-night in his interest ing speech that St. Patrick brought into Ireland religion and learning. (Hear, hear.) I admit it, bnt it is a proof that he mast have come from abroad. (Laughter.) And I have been assured on inq-iiry to-day, from no other than my friend Sir .John Robertson, that he has discovered beyond all doubt, that St. Patrick came from Aberdeen. (Cheers and Laughter.) However, determined be'ore coming ta this banquet to ascertain where St. Patrick did come from, 1 inquired of an old Irishman who had been 35 years in the Government employ, in the offices of the Treasury, and he told me that 8t. Patrick came from France. (Laughter.) Now there being some doubt as to where St, Patrick came from, can you imagine one who has descended on one side from a Scotchman and on the other side from an Irishwoman — can you imagine for one moment that I should have some donbt as to where St. Patrick came from, and claim eqnal right with yonrseives as Australians, to do equal honour to St. Patrick with you ? (Cheers.) I am hero to-night as the only representative of the Ministry, and I regret tho absence, from inevitable reasons, of those mem bers of the Ministry who have been apologised for : and I regret with the gentleman who was kiud enongh to propose the toast of the Ministry, the absence of onr eloquent friend, Mr Dalley. (Cheers). Bomcthing serionB must have occurred to prevent hi3 coming, because I am aware that he did intend to tie here, and had be been here, he wunld have delivered a Bpecch of a character worthy of his attainment?, and one of a kind which I as his representati ve for tbe time being Bhall not attempt. Gentlemen, it i3 but a question of the 'future — while giving all hononr to those gentlemen who remember the glorious names quoted in the eloquent speech of your chairman, an i who will always show a patriotic love of country iu remembering tbe land from which th-y c mu lt is but a question of tho future when those descen dants of Ireland hero will know less and loss, exaep.. ns a matter of bietory and by reading, of the g--eii- nt-sb of their country. Arrived, nucha ed, and ii : i in Australia, thoy become Australians ; and I wish tu impress upon my hearers, that though I can tborougldy appreciate the patriotic nature of those who still love to recall the fond and affectionate memories of their fntherlaad, still it is only a ques tion of time when those who are born in Australia will look npon Australia as their native land, and remember only as a matter of history the fatherland of their fathers. IVith a desire to see all national differences abolished, all national and sectarian feeling blended into one great and glorions nationality, I am here to-night sympathising with those who "are showing their patriotism and their love for their fatherland in doing hononr to their patron saint. Allow me to thank you for the hononr done to the Ministry in the toast proposed and the cordial and hearty manner in which it has been responded to. (Cheers.) MrF. B, Freehit.i. proposed the toast ot "The Parliament of New South Wales." Sir John Robertson, who was londly called for, said he supposed the reason why he was called npon first to respond to this toast was that he was the oldest member of Parliament present, that with the exception of Sir Patrick Jennings he was tbe only ono who had had the honor of sitting in each Honse of Parliament. (Chaers.) He was very glad to offer his thanks for the manner in which tho toast had been proposed by his. friend Mr Frechill, and responded to by tbe gentlemen around him. Doubtless the position of a member of Parlia ment was one of difficulty, nnd one of no great advantage to himself. It was 27 years since ho first had the distinction of being a member of the Legis lative Assembly, and from that day to this there never was a Parliament of which he had not been a member. (Cheers.) Through good report and through evil report somehow or other he bad fonnd himself on the floor of the Legislative Assembly, always fight ing the samo battle— (cheers) — always fighting for the defence of liberty and good government, so far as he understood it. (Cheers.) But they had come there not to discuss Parliament, but to consider the career of one of the greatest men wno ever lived in the world ; he moant Sr. Patrick. (Cheers.) Ho remembered going with hi3 father when a little child, not much higher than the table, to a St. Patrick's dinner — (cheers), — and al most every year from that time to this, he had at tended the St. Patrick's dinner, (Chccra ) Throngh good report and throngh evil report, when his friends thought he was doing wrong in going to that great banqnet, he had always done it because he believed in doing all that was in our power to keep up good feeling among tbe different nationalities of our people. (Cheers.) He knew no reason why men, whatever might be their nationalities, should not join to greet those who were carrying ont some great perfor mance and to aid them in their work, (Cheers.) He was sorry they had heard bo much about Irish politics, and that not one word had been said in hononr of tho great man who was now the Premier of England, who had done so mnch for the advance of Ireland in the matter of religion by the abolition of the State Churob, and in the matter of the land law, (Cheers.) He was sorry that in a gathering of that kind no word was to be fonnd commendatory . of that great man who had done so mnoh for Ireland. The Irish raoo had certainly Buffered more than any other of tbe British races, bnt surely when every effort was being made by a great party in the mother country to extricate them from the wretchedness of their position, there might be in a great assembly of that kind, geuerosity enongh amongst Irishmen to say a few words of acknowledgment. (Cheors.) He did not think he need Bay any moro. (Applause.) He thanked thom one more for. the toast . of the Parliament, ami acknowledged bis obligation for their having called upon him to bo the first to reply. (Cheers.) Mr Copelanb was londly and. enthusiastically called for, and rose amidst a storm of cheers. He said that even if ho had intended to make a speech, he was snre the reception they had given bim would have completely unmanned him and rendered him powerless to. carry out hiB intention. . He felt that it was a very liigh honour to him to be an invited guest on that occasion, and he knew beforehand, from his knowledge of tfio character of Irishmen, that they would be glnd'to see him under the peculiar circum stances. (Cheers.) He had no intention of referring to what took place on his first, visit only a year before, to a Stl Patrick's banquet. (Laughter and cheers.) ,Ho thanked them most sincerely and from the bottom of his heart, and he might safely say, ii he lived another 60 years, ho should never forget the reception he received from them on this occasion. (Long continued applause.), An " A'dmircr of George Crnikshank" writes of him " It is well known that for many years before his death George Crnikshank was busily engaged in writine I is autobiography, for the illustration of which he executed no less than about 60 etchings upon glass. To Dr Richardson these M.S. notes'have been entrusted, bnt whether as literary trustee or not I nm not aware, for the pnrpose of giving them to the world in a complete and proper form ; but althongh so many years have elapsed since then, the pnblic is still awaiting the appearance of these authentic memoirs. I understand that ' pressure of business 1 prevents Dr Richardson from carrying out his self- imposed task, so much bo that tbe work is absolutely untouched. Jn the meantime, we have to rest con tent with a ' Life' of one of onr greatest men which . is as incomplete as.it is.incorrest.and misleading." 