lite ¿titi Mfotúm. A WITNESS FOB, THE DEFENCE. IN THREE CHAPTERS.-[Conrlumon.) To say that there was a 'sensation would -feebly describe what followed. Every one in court Bprang to his feet. The prisoner looked os if he had seen a ghost. There was a perfect hubbub of voices, os bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitor's table poured questions upon me- to none of which I replied. Silence being restored, the voice of the judge- grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor -decended like vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. * Who instructs you, Mr. -Clincher?" ' Mr. Bentley, my lord.' The judge looked moro astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him HS a judge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me, 'lam persuaded,'said he, 'that a gentle man of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience has good reason for what he does. But so ex- traordinary and unheard of- I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a .witness, andjBheu andjvrlur he carne to. ¿hat conclusion r 4 My lord,' I replied, ' I am certain that, believing what I have had reason to believe within thc last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if J did not testify on oath to certain facts which~a"re--withm-jny own knowledge. But if the prisoner choses to- ? call me as bis witness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the box give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to bim in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evidence will put an end to the case against him.' ' ' Really, gentlemen of the jury,' said his lordship, 1 this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspect. I hardly know what to say.. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by thc prosecuting solicitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which ever come under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of counsel's assistance. Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called os a witness on your behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of course you arc not bound to answer any such questions, and may nevertheless cati him. What do you say ?' ' I am in God's hands, my lord,' answered the prisoner, who was quite calm again. ' It may be that He has raised up a deliverer for me-I cannot tell. But I know that if He WÍIIB that I should die, no man can save mc ; if He wills to save me, nought con do me harm. So I am ready to answer «ny questions the gentleman wishes.' 'Ipropose,' said the judge, 'beforo decid- ing this extraordinary point, to consult the learned Recorder in thc next court.' AU rosé os tho judge retired ; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying my- self in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I proposed to do ; ana then threw himself back in his Beat with tho air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again. * Si-lenco f cried the usher. The jifdgc was returning. ' I have decided,' said he, ' to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out awl submitted to mc for my approval.' I sat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed up to the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised than ever. But all he said, os he handed them down, was, ' Put the questions.' I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoners hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his answers slowly and with considera- tion. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to thc effect already stated. As I described the man 1 had seen under thc lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought by twelve years, they found that the descrip- tion tallied closely with the man's appear- ance. ' I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which the ' Çrisoner wrote the answers under my eyes, hese arc the questions and answers : Question. Were you smoking when yon came up to the corner of Hauraki Street I Atutmr. No. 1 Question. Did you afterwards smoke} Anrnxr. I had no lights. Question. Did you try to get a light? ?Answer. Yes, by climbing a lamp at the , comer ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against the cross- . bar» ¡ atutía*. Where did you carry your pipe j asl tobâmo^shitaver. In my hat. « Those answers,' I conolnded, 'are abso-1 -A »Tl. , . I. ; Intely «orrect In- every --paTtienlar. - TheTnur whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'clock on the night" ot the murder, "behoved^ a* the answers indicate." That .concludes the evidence I have felt hound to tender.' And I handed the slip of paper to the' usher for in- spection by the jury. ' Prisoner,' inquired the Judge, 'do you call any other witness V : . * I do not, my loni.' ' Then, gentlemen,' said the judge, turning . to tho jury,, 'the one remark that I shall make to you is this-that if you believe the story of the prisoner's witness, there eau be little doubt but that the prisoner was thc man whom the witness saw at tho corner of Haiunki Street at eight o'clock on the night in question ; and if that was so, it is clear, on thc case of prosecution, that he cannot have committed this murder. I should not l>e doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to say thc least, to be without bias in thc prisoner's favour, and that his evidence is very strongly corroWatcd indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written questions put to bim. Gentle- men, you will now consider your verdict.' '"Weare agreed, my lora,' said thc fore- man. 'Gentleman of the jury,' sung out the clerk of arraigns, 'are you all agreed upon your verdict ? ' We are.' * And that verdict is *" ' Not guilty.' * And that is the verdict of you all ?' 'It is.' There followed a burst of cheering which the usher could not silence, but which silenced itself as the judge was seen to be speaking. 'John Harden-I am thankful, every man in this court is thankful, that your trust in the mercy and power of thé All merciful and AU-powcrful hos not been in vain. You stand'acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdict of the jury, and most wonderful has been your deliverance. You go forth a free min ; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has beeu be- stowed on ono who has repented of lils past sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmindful of that goodness I hereafter. You ave discharged.' Had he been left to himself, I think the prisoner's old master would have climbed into i tho dock, with the view of personally deliver- ing his servant out of thc house of bandage. But he was restrained by a sympathetic constable, while Jehu Harden was leccn veyed for a short time to the jail, to undergo certain necessary formalities connected with his release from custody. I volunteered to take charge of Mr. Slocum, , aud took him to the vestibule of thc prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into the throat even of a tough criminal lawyer like myself. I saw them into a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promis- ing to call on me next day, and enlighten me ou certain points as to which I was still in thc dark. As strange a part of my story as any, hos yet to be told. I had hardly got back to my office and settled down to read over the various letters which were awaiting my sig- nature, when my late client (Hal- don's prosecutor) was annoucned. I had lost sight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. He did not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my room. He was ashen white, or rather gray, and his knees shook so that he could scarcely stand ; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in the presence of the astonished clerk, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective of the foulest kind. I had sold him ; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief of a lawyer whom he would have struck off thc rolls, Jx. ; until I really thought he had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyer's duty 1 ? ? try aud hang a man whom he knew to -Irvr- Ae *.f«Tnljftil ivitjl al.tlu!.-" language, I ordered him out of the office. The office quited itself once more- being far too busy, and also too well accustomed to eccentric people to havo time for long wonderment at anything-and in an hour Thad finished rr*y ,work, and was preparing to leave for hon'e, when another visitor was announced-Inspec- tor Forrester. ' Well, Mr FoiTonter, what's the matter now ? I'm just going off." \^ ' Sorry if I put yon out of the wayi'sir ! Lut I thought you'd like to hoar what'sliappened. The prosecutor in Hardcn's case has given himself up for tho murder 1' 4 What VI shouted. ' He just has, sir. It's a queer day, this is When I heard you get up and give evidence for thç man you were prosecuting, I thought curiosities was over for ever ; but seems they ain't and never will bc' 'How was it!' ' Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, but that was all. Said fate was against him, aud had Baved the man he thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of course -told him to sleep on it before he said anything ; but make a statement he would, the short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when he Baw that poor drunken fool ex- hibiting his knife in the tavern. He followed him and picked his pocket of the knife, and then hung about tho house, meaning to get in after dark. Then he saw the giricomc out and go off, leaving the door closed but not latched, the careless hussy I Then in Blips the gentleman, and does what he'd mode up his mind to-for you BOB the old woman knew him well, so lie couldn't afford to leave her alive-gets the caBli, and slips out. AU in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enough in trade with thc money. Seems he considered he wasn't safe until Borne ono had been hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on hun at once, and intensely eager to get him convicted -which I noticed myself, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt, He took too much pams, you tee-lie must employ you to make certain, instead of leaving it to us ; whereas if he hadn't come to you, your evidence would never have bein given, and I think you'll say nothing could have saved the prisoner.' It was true enough. The wretched man had insured thc failure of his own fiendish design by employing mc, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone ! I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, hod wandere^ for hours through thc hard-hearted streets, until at day break he had found himself in the dock?, looking at a large Bhip preparing to drop down thc river with the tide. How be had managed to slip aboard unseen and stow him- self away in the hold, with some idea of bettering his not over-bright fortunes in foreign parts. How he hod supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of biscuit, which he happened to have in his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when they were out in mid-channel, the usual search for stowways had unearthed him. How the captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to allow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel. How on landing at Sydney he had ' gone into the interior, taken service with his present master-under another name than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with his former life-and by honestly doing his duty hod attained his present position. By the light of this narrative, that which had puzzled me became perfectly clear namely, how it was that he had contrived not . only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hue " and cry after him, but also to remain in ignor- ance of his aunt's fate. My client wai tried, convicted, and executed in doe course ; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weight against the cruel \--? ?? ± and cowardly attempt to pot an innocent ina» ,' in Jua(pjace.. . . ti ? 1 ?.' ' * When I hut aaw John Barden, he wa* - ? married to a serious lady, who had been bil late master's housekeeper, and was possessor ' ~ of s prospérons general shop tn a, country "ii village; stocked by means of the money whicn - ; Mr. Slocum had generously left bim. v - ' 