'. ECHOES OP MELBOURNE ?'.''?'' 7Bt The Ghost^ ' .' . ' ? ; '''' '.'.'' :' January 25.' ' I '?' It hiis often been the subject of remark by '' the '. intelligent foreigner ' that of all jEurppean nations, excepting the taciturn 'and morose Turk, the Englishman.'had the ?smallest amourit of conversational power, and for that reason invariably fell back, 'upon the state of tho weather, when the Inecessities of the situation required that he should indulge in 'small talk' with his friends and acquaintances, j Just at the .present ''moment the atmospheric disturb ?ances have' come to tho rescue to save the ; casual conversationalist from the utterance ,6f the' usual canalitcs, for that 'mysterious, ^personage the 'Jclerk of the .weather,' has i within' the past few days been guilty of ;all' '.kinds , of 'eccentricities, which really entitle him to more, than' the mere.cpnyeri-' tional and coriunonplace notice generally vouchsafed to that individual. We are experiencing wintry weather during the dpg-days, arid January, generally the t driest month of the twelve, bids fair to be the wettest of the present year. We are now fully realising, the truth of the, aphorism which avers that 'it never rains', but it pours.' ' However, anything iB pre ferable to the heat and dust which? preceded , : the ''cyclonic movement ' to; irhich, according to the, Victorian Astrono mer; Boyalj ilri Ellery, wearo mdebtedfor 'the .'downpour. . Of course; ;some , damage' has been caused to^ the wheat not' yet safely garnered ; but as a set-off farmers will have an, abundance of grass and;' iwateri and the season taken, as a whole,' will, be for. both the pastoral arid agri cultural interests one of the most pros perous experienced for a long , series of years.', ' . . . ',.'??.. Politically the barometer stands at f Sot 'fine.' Not' even the /aintest cloud obscures the Ministerial horizon/ People appear ' to look upon the statu 'quo until Parliament meets' in June next oas the inevitable, and allow Ministerial acts and utterances to pass without criticism. Sooth to say, this dolce far nierito kind of ; business appears tp,: agree wonderfully iwith both Mr. Service 'and his colleagues. Had tlie(Houses been in session 'the ap 'p'ointnierits.'tp the Railways and Civil i Service Btfards wpuld have been certain to .proyokea.gopd deal of adverse comment, The many disappointed candidates would have,been'certain to have made themselves, heard through their friends in ,the As sembly. Mr. Langton, Mri Joseph, Jones'; Mr. Lyell, Mr. Loader, arid, goodness only, ?knows how many' more political yeteraiis; i would hay6 wanted to know' why they had been' passed over in favour of ,worn-6ut civil servants' like ilr. Agg and lr.,' Couchmari, or such tyros as Mr. Ford. ,, As it is, time will have softened the keenness of the sorrow of the gentlemen left put;in the cold, and before 'six months have passed who knows but that 'something suitable ' may turn^ up which , may be ac ceptable to those whose claims have on the present occasion; been overlooked. .. One matter assuredly, had opportunity, offered, would have been made the subject of adverse comment. The volunteer'ofncers,' are far froiri pleased at the curfc'way iri which the notification of. the disbandmont of the force ' has 'been conveyed to theiri. Many of them have served for ; a quarter of a coritury, and they not unnaturally feel disappointed, at -their ennge being given them by mearis of a short,' cold, ungrammatical 'general order.' Despite the way in which' it .has of late years |beeri the fashion to sneer . at . our volunteer's, they have 'done the State some service' in their day, and certainly deserved something better than the ' old glove dis-. cardment ' 'to which they have'; been sub jected. The' Defence '.Minister .evidently, has no,' wish, to err by. being over-polite' to his' old, brother officorsJ. Perhaps he deems soft-goods suavity out 'of place in. dbalmgwith 'soldiers.' , ..?.., The dispute between the Senate and the Council of the JJniversityihas at last been settied by the Governor, : in his capacity of Visitor. An elaborate judgment has been delivered, in which, although the voice was that of Jacob Nprmanby, the hand' that framed it was plainly that of Esau Moles worth. , The Senate gets the best' of the quarrel. The exhibitioners are the only sufferers in the transaction. The judgment affirms the action of the Council in award ing them to have been illegal. . ? The students worked for them, jwereawardeii the prizes, and are. after , all not to enjoy the reward of their, industry. They have to rest .content with the, heartfelt sympathy of George Augustus Coristantine, Marquis of Normanby, etc., etc., etc., who ' deeply regrets' the disappointment of the students who. prepared themselves for the November .examinations', and find :all their labour in yam, owing, to the erroneous and illegal noticqs posted by the Council of the TTniversity.y Th-jre,;should be some means of bringing the Council to book, for. the payment., of ? the. 3eriate's costs, but of the IJniversity funds is nothing but a gross farce.,.: The Gpunoil are not mulcted id a single penny. ,'. ':| !?'. '',.,'.' ,-,;;' ??'-We have' ^6t piir four millions out of the British capitalist ion far more favourable terms than were at one time expected. But it is rather in consequence of good luck than owing to good management. : Had the associated banks been leagued together to; tender'^the floating of the loan afiasco, they cpuld1 not ? have ? gone1 to ' work more effectually than; they :did. : To ' ship' nearly half a million of sovereigns to Australia on the'' ''very1 : 'eve 'of 'going into the market -' as borrowers 'was about ?; as stupidly insane 'a. proceeding: as could have bfeenimagined,: and' to make thoinatter: piiblic .was a huge mistake: Why oui? loans should1 be entrusted 'for -floating to ?persotis ? who- have1 shownc themselves such gross blunderers; is ? one of ?' those : thiiigs it would be difficult to account for on any jrational grounds. : Taught by expprience-, jit is to be hoped that when next we figure i as borrowers in the London' inarket, we ishallbe'rid of the incumbus of the'Asso iciated Banks. Had these corporations bodies ito be kicked, which Sydney Smith has told j us they have not, they . have ,' : certainly j duly earned a ' good kicking.' : . .' ,-'.,' . ! , Who is'to succeed the Marquis of , .Bfor^' im'anby as Governor of Victoria!1 ? This I question is now being asked; among them I selves by the upper ten iyho have the entree to the, gubernatorial mansion. ;Sir i Hercules', Bpbinson arid Lord Augustujj iLoftus ar.e both mentioned as 'the coming j ineri.' We have had a 'nobleman' for, I the last five years, and the honour has had ' iits drawbacks. The aristocracy of England | have intermarried so much that the, i death of any titled personage in the old country , is , certain . to plunge, the 'Governor's household in ? deop mourn ,ing two or three times a year, land to mend matters these great and noble patricians. have had a knack of dying just; on the eve of . a ball or large; !dinrier party at Government House. On two consecutive Queen's Birthday balls has this contretemps baulked .the good citizens and citizenesses of Melbourne of their annual torspsichoriari, ,'enjpymejit. They begiri to feel it would. ! be, well if they had a less exalted, person as. ?the representative of the Queen: So the majority plump for Sir Hercules in pre Iference to the' scion of nobility it 'is ; threatened to .transfer from Sydney to Vic j toria. ..''.' . . ' Two murders have been added to the' [ list of great crimes in Victoria. One is of the coriimdn-place order, an infuriated [husband hayhig' lost patience with an ' aggravating ' wife, and knocked out her brains with a piece of quartering, in order to. escape the violence of her tongue. The other is at present of the sensational type, a farrrier named Beach, -residing' at Pet tavel,. nine' miles from Geelorig, haying been shot by some person who entered his. house' at dead of night, and killed him with a' revolver. Plunder does not appear to have been the incentive to the crime, as neither money nor valuables were taken. Up to 'the present ; the police, althpugh aided by tlie black trackers, are at,a loss to discover the perpetrator of the outrage, for which apparently there 'was no motive^ . However, ' murder will out,' and despite the; supineness and blundering; capacity of 'the detectives it is to be hoped that in this instance the saying will receive yet another' illustration. Another example of the inability of the metropolitan'Press to undertake the 'boss- ing' business has been afforded by the election of the City Licensing Bench. The three Melbourne inorriing dailies all joined in urging upon the Magistrates the desir ableness of ousting Mr. Gartonfrbm his posi tion as one of the licensing, magisfa-ates. That gentleman^ was however, elected by a majority of nearly two to one over'' his opponent. No such instance of resenting Press dictation has, occurred since ttie return to .raruameni; oi isir. jjavia i*aunson 'as member for South Melbourne, in the very teeth of nearly every newspaper in the colony. . ,' '. ' . . , The time-payment' system bids fair to' become a great reforming agency in. the Bpot which a Salvation Ariny preacher has, amidst the groans of his anguish' torn audience, denounced as the ' Sodom and Gomorrah of the southern heihisphere.' No furniture, is now. delivered to anyone that does not possess a. clean bill of ...mo rality.' ? Shadrach;:MeBhech, and Abedriego have virtually been turned into grand inquisitors of character with the aid of the police as Censor morum to assist them iri their efforts to suppress the Bin of- great cities. Henceforth Lais, Phryne, and Aspasia' may not ' be ? able to enjoy the luxuries of gilded mirrors and velvet cushioned couches' ;and lounges. They must perforce pay cash for their household gods! ; But en. revanche they will be' able to point to their cretonne-covered colonial sofa, and their American ' cane seated chairs, arid exclaim, 'A poor thing, sir, but all my own.' Thus good will come out of evil ! At the theatres there is no change' to ?ponAvrl ' .' Tm-nnltio?'' nf.ill Jinlrla its nwn o.f. the Princess, and the pantomimes draw their slow length along at the Bbyal and Bijou. The last nights of the opera are announced, and in a fortnight the Messrs. Dunning and the artistes' under their rule will be enrotitetb Diinedin. Good houses are now the rule to witness the1 perform ance of the operatic version of Rip Van Winkle. The ' Melbourne people are just beginning to appreciate the charms of opera when they ' are about, for soine time at least,' to bederiiedthem. ;'; :'.:.'?? 