:A TERRIIBLE CRIME (BY A NEW AUTnon ) : CHAPTER XIV.-continued Hard as I found it to do so, I re solved not to make my presence known 'to them Before I met Pauline I .'.wanted to talk to Priscilla and be ·: guided by hei report as to my future method of proceeding. But in spiteof my determination I yielded to the temp tation of drawing nearer-from where I stood 'I could not see her face-so I crept on inch by inch till I was nearly opposite the sketcher, and, half hidden .by the undergrowth, I stood watching ..hert'i my heart's conteit. There was the hue of health .upon her cheek-there was the appearance of health in every movement, and as she turned and spoke a few words to her companion there was that in her look and in her smile which made my heIlrt hound. The wife I returned to was a different being from the girl I had married. Phe turfied and looked across the stresm. Cairied away by my joy I had entirely emerged from my lurking place. With the river between us our eyes met. "he must in some way have remem bered me. Were it but as in a dream my face miust have seemed familiar to her. She dropped her pencil and sketch-book and sprang to her feet ba fore Priscilla's exclamation of surprise and delight was heard. She stood looking at me as thpugh she expected I would speak or come to her, whilst the old servant Iwas sending words of welcome across the noisy stream. Had I wished to retreat' it was now too late. I found a crossing-place and in a minute or two was on the opposite bank. -:.' Pauliue had not moved, but Priscilla ran to i~neet me and almost shook my ihands off. .. Does sheremember-does she know mel' I whispered, as I disengaged = myself and walked towards my wife. SNot yet; but she will. I am sure she will, Master Gilbert. . Breathing a prayer that her prophecy might come true, I reached Pauline's side and held out my hand. She took it .without hesitation, and raised her dark eyes to mine. How did I re frain from clasping her to my heart! ' Pauline, do you know me ?' S She dropped her eyes. 'Priscilla has talked of you. She tells me you are a friend and that until you came I must be content and ask no questions.' SBut. do you no, reme!nbe, me I fancied you knew me just now.' She sighed. 'I. have seen you in dreams- strange dreams.' Asshespoke a bright blush spread over her cheek. ' Tell me .the dreams.' I said. ':,Leaniot. I have been ill, very ill for a long time. I have forgotten much--eveorything that happened.' ' Shall I tell you ?' 'Not now--not now,' she cried e'agerly. 'Wait, and it may all come Sback.' Had she any inkling of the truth?' Were the dreams she spoke of but-the struggles of growing memory ? Did tlhat bright. ring which was still on her finger suggest to her what had happened ? Yes, I would wait and hope. We walked back together, with Priscilla following at a proper distance. Paulinue seemed to accept my society as though it was a perfectly natural thing to do so. When the path grew steep or rugged she held out her hand for mine, as thoigh its support was her right. Yet for a long time she said nothing. ' Where have you come from?' she asked at last. 'From a long, long journey of many thousands of miles.' 'Yes; vhen I saw your face you were always travelling. Did you find what you sought ' she asked'eagerly. 'Yes. I found the truth. I know everytbing.' ' Tell me where he is ' ' 'Where who is?' ' Anthony, my own brother--the boy they killed. Where is his:grave ?' 'He.is buried by tho side of his mother.' ' Thank God I I shalllbe ablo to pray over him 1' . -. She .spoke; if excitedly quite sensiblo, but I wondered sheo was not craving for justice to be : meted out to the 'Do you wish for vengeance on those who killed him I' 'Vengeance . what good can venge ance do I It will not bring him back to life. It happened long ago. When, I know not; but now it seems years ago. God may have avenged him by nOW. ' HIe has, in a great measure. One died in prison raving mad; another is in chains, working like a slave; the third, as yet, is uupunished.' 'It will come to him sooner or later. Which is it I' ' Macari.' She shuddered at the name and said no more. Just before we reached the house in whichli they lodged, she said, softly and beseechisigly. 'You will tak:e me to Italy-to his grave ?' I promised, only too glad to find how instinctively she turned to me to prefer the request. She must remember more than she gave herself credit for. ' I will go there,' she said, ' and see the place, and then we will speak of the past no more.'. We were now at the garden gate. I took her hand in mine. Pauline,' I said, 'try-try to re member me.' A ghost of the old puzzled look canme inlo her eyes; she passed her disengaged hand over her forehead, and then, with cut a word, turned away and entered the house. Cf?APTER XV. " nor?M GRIEFL TO JOY I MY tale is drawing to an end, although I could, for ny own pleasure, write chapter after chapter, detailing every occurrence of the next month-deserib ing every look, repeating every word that passed between Pauliue and my self, but if I wrote them they would be saicred from all persons save two-my wife and myself. If my situation was an anomalous one it had at least a certain charm. It was a new wooing, none the less entertaining and sweet because its object happened to be already my wife in name. It was like a landowner walking over his estate and in every direction finding unsus pected beauties and unknown mines of wealth. Every day showed me fresh charms in the woman I loved. H-Ier smile was a joy greater than I had ever pictured, her laugh of revela tion. To gaze into those bright un clouded eyes and strive to learn their secrets was a reward that repaid me for all that I suffered. To find that her in tellect, now restored, was fit to be matched with anyone's-to know that when the time came I should be given not only a wife, beautiful, in my eyes, above all women, but a companion and a sympathetic friend-how can Idescribe my rapture ? Yet it was a rapture not unmodified by doubts and fears. It may be that my character lacked that very useful trait called by some self-confidence and by others conceit. The more I saw to love and admire in Pauline, the more I asked myself how I could dare to expect that so peerless a creature would con descend to accept the love and the life I wished to offer her. Who was I to win her ? I was rich, it is true, but I felt sure that riches would not buy her affecion-besides, as I had not told her that her own wealth was swept away, she fancied her fortune was as large as my own. She was young, beautiful and, so far as she knew, free and amply pro vided for. No, I had nothing to offer her which was worthy of her acceptance. I quite dreaded to look forward to the moment which must sooner or later come-the moment when I must, ignor ing the past, ask her once more to be my wife. On her answer would hang the whole of my future life. No wonder I decided to postpone the ordeal until I felt quite certain that the result of it would be fivourable to me. No wonder that when with Pauline, and realizing the value of the prize I aimed at, I grew quite humble and depreicatory of what merits I may have possessed. No wonder that at times I wished that I ucere gifted with- the pleasing assurance which.sits so we!l on many men and, time and opporunity being given, seems to go-a long way towards winning a woimann's heart. . Tii?eand opporitiity .at least were not vanUting in my case. I:had taken 'up my quarters near to her,.and fromin morn to niight we were in eaci otheris[ company. We wandered through, the narrow Devonshire lanes, with their luxuriant banks of ferns on either side. We climed the rugged tors. We fished with more or less success the rapid streams. We drove together. We read and sketchld-but as yet we had not talked of love; though all the while my !wedding ring was on her finger. It requircd all my eufhority to pre vent Priscilla telling Pauline the truth. On this point I was firm. Unless the past came back on its own accord, I would hear her say she loved me before my lips revealed it to her. Perhaps it was tihe idea which at times came to me, that Pauline remembered more than she would own to, kept me steadfast in this resolution. It was curious the way in which she at once fell into friendly, unconstrained intercourse with me. We might have known each other from childhood, so perfectly natural and unembarrassed was her manner when we were together. She made no demur when I begged her to call me by my christian name, nor did she object to my making use of her own.- Had she done so I cannot think in what form I should have addressed her. Although I had instructed Priscilla to call her Miss March, the old woman stoutly objected to this and compounded matters by speaking to her and of her as Miss Pauline. The days slipped by-the happiest days my life had as yc known. Morn, noon and eve we were together; and 1 'fear were objeccts of great curiosity to our neighbours, who no doubt wondered what relations existed be tnween me and the beautiful girl at whose side I ever was. I soon found that Pauline's natural disposition was gay and bright. It was too soon yet to expect it to re assert itself, yet I was not without hopes that before long that look, telling ofsad memories, which so often crossed her face, would fade away for ever. Now and again a pleased smile lit up her face, and merry words slipped from her lips. Altbhough, when reason first returned to her, it seemed as if her brother's death had occurred but the day before, I felt sure that, after a while, she understood that years had passed since the fatal night. These years were to her wrapped in a mist; they seemed as dreams. She was trying to recall them, beginning at the beginning; and I need not say with what alacrity I lent my aid. By common consent we avoided the the future; but of the past, or all the past in which I was not concerned, we spoke freely. All the events of her early years she now remembered per fectly; she could account for every thing up to the time when her brother was struck down-after that came mis tiness; from which she emerged to find herself in a strange room, ill, anl being nursed by a strange nurse. Several days passed before Pauline questioned me as to the part I had ·played in her clouded life. One even ing weo stood on the top of a thickly wooded hill, from which we 'could just catch a glimpse of thelsea, now red dened by a glorious sunset. We had been silent for some time, and who can say that our thoughts were not more in unison than any words we could have spoken whilst our strange and uncertain relations continued. I looked at the western sky until the glowing tints began to fade, then turn ing to my companion I found her dark eyes gazing at me with almost painful earnestness. ' Tell me,' she said, ' tell me what I shall find when that lost time comes back to me ?' Her ffngers as she spoke were play with her wedding ring. She still wore it, and the diamond keeper I had placed above it; but she had not as yet asked me why it was on her hand. 'Will it come back, Pauline, do you think ?' I asked. ' I hope so-or stay; should I hope so ? Tell me,, will it bring me joy or sorrow ?' ' Who can say-the two are always mingled.' She sighed and turned her eyes to the ground. Presently she raised them to mine. ' Tell me,' she said, ' how and when did you come into my life-why did I dream of you ?' You saw me so often when you were ill. * Why did I wake and find your old servant taking_care of me ?' ' Your uncle gave you into my charge. I promised to watch over you during his absence.' 'And he will never return. .He is punished for his crime-for ltanding by when the poor boy was murdered.' She pressed her hands to her eyes, as if to shut out the sight. 'Pauline,' I said, wishing to change the current of her thoughts, ' tell me how you saw me in dreams; what you dreamed of me ?' She shuddered. 'I dreamed that you were standing by me-in the very room-that you saw the deed. Yet I knew that it could not be so.' - ' And then ?' ' I saw your face many times-it was always travelling, travelling! throuh clouds. I saw yourlips move, and you seemed to say, 'I am going to learn the truth'-so I waited patiently till you returned.' ' You never dreamed of me before ?' Il was growing dusk. I was un certain whether it was the deepening shade from the trees which made her cheeks look darker, or whether it was a blush. My heart was beating madly. 'I cannot tell! I don't know!l Don't ask me 1' she said in a troubled voice. - Then she turned. ' It grows dark and chilly. Let us go in.' I followed her. It was so com pletely the rule for me to spend the evening with her that I didnot evenwait for an invitation, It was our custom to play and sing together for an hour or two. Pauline's first expressed desire after her recovery had been for a piano. Believing herself to be an heiress she had felt no scruple in asking for all she wanted, and my instructions to Priscilla being that no money was to be spared in ministering to her comforts, a piano had been sent from the nearest town. All her skill had returned to her. Her voice had come back even stronger and more sweet than of old. Again and again, she held me entrainced as she had held me once before, when I little expected the fearful ending to her song, or that my fate and the singer's were so closely interwoven. I was surprised, therefore, when this evening she turned on the door step and said, ' Not to-night. Leave me, please, for to-night.' IJ urged no objection. I took her hand and bade her farewell until the morrow. I would go and wander by starlight and think of her. As we parted she looked at me strangely, almost solemnly. ' Gilbert,' she said, speaking in Italian; for Priscilla was now standing at the open door-'shall I pray for the past to return or that I should never remember it ? Which will be the best for me-and for you ? Without waiting to hear my reply, she glided past Priscilla, who stood waiting for me to follow her. *Good night, Priscilla,' I said, 'I am not coming in.' To lbe continued 