THE SEMAPHORE INSTITUTE The rapidly rising town of the Semaphore can boast of two most important events in its history having taken place within the last three months. The amalgamation of the Glanville and Lefevre's Peninsula districts, and the inauguration of an influential Cor poration late last year constituted facts potent with possibilities of progress in the future far beyond the substantial pros perity of the past and the opening of an Institute building bearing favourable comparison with any of its kind outside of the city rendered Saturday, March 15, a red-letter day in the town. As the in corporation of the districts named was the result of persistent effort, so the erection of the Institute came about by the patient toil of a hardworking committee. Big enterprises involve a large expenditure of time, and it was creditable that the committee could point to the handsome structure as the outcome of something over two years' gratuitous labour. In 1881 the ball was set rolling by Mr. J. C. Lovely, J.P., then Chairman of the Lefevre's Peninsula District Council. He took a special interest in the subject, and obtained through the Commissioner of Crown Lands a site having a frontage to the beach. In December, 1881, a committee of ladies and gentlemen, of which Mr. Nathaniel Oldham was Chairman, was appointed, and plans were prepared by Messrs. Wright & Reed. The project was, however, so enthusiastically received that it was necessary to exchange the site for a larger one, and alter the plans. A fine block of land was then got from the Government, which block was situated in the Semaphore-road and immediately behind the mail contractor's residence. In February, 1883, Messrs. Williams & Cleave con tracted to erect the structure, which was opened with great eclat on Saturday last. The total expenditure has been £5,022, and the receipts within £838 of the amount. The following description of the building has been supplied to us :— The building consists of a ha!l 70 feet x 47 feet, and 34 feet high, with a stage 48 feet x 27 feet, so arranged that theatrical performances can be given. Attached to the latter are performers' retiring rooms. In the front of the hall are— library, 19 feet x 18 feet ; reading-room, 30 feet x 19 feet ; retiring and cloak rooms, spacious entrance hall and stairs to first floor. On the first floor the rooms over those first mentioned will be devoted to Corporation offices and other similar uses whilst the space over the retiring and cloak rooms has been devoted to a gallery 51 feet x 12 feet. The total area of the building is 56 feet frontage by 148 feet long. The interior of the building is plainly but well finished, the library, reading-room, and hall having cor nices. The ventilation of all the rooms is ample, and in addition to the ordinary en trances two side escape doors have been pro vided, opening outwards, so that the room can be emptied without any confusion. The building is of stone, having an iron roof, most substantial in its construction. The hall is lighted with Young & Smith's patent 'crown shadowless sunlights,' an entirely new invention, by which either the inner or outer circle of lights can be turned on or off independently, as they have a double set of reflectors opposite each other, thus diffusing the light downwards, thereby causing an immense saving of gas. The committee deserve praise for the care fully prepared and successfully executed pro gramme of Saturday afternoon. About 4 o'clock His Excellency the Governor arrived at the Semaphore, accompanied by his daughter, Miss Robinson, his Private Secretary, two naval officers, the Minister of Education, the Treasurer, and others. The party was conducted by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Theodore Hack, J.P.), as Chair man of the Institute Committee, to the building. Suspended across the Semaphore road and between the Institute and the Customs flagstaff the gay bunting streamed ; in front of the building was a guard of honour, composed of D Company, from the Port, under the command of Captain Allan Martin ; and in the street was a sympathetic, crowd of spectators. His Excellency was honoured with a viceregal salute of guns, and the guard presented arms while he en tered the building. Having inspected the building, the party was dealt hospitably with in a side room, while the public were ad mitted to the spacious hall by the eastern door, and ladies to the gallery by the western door. The committee's hospitality was unstinted, and after the refreshments, pro vided by Host Rose of the Semaphore Hotel, the loyal toasts were honoured. There were about 100 gentlemen present, inclusive of the prominent residents of the town. In response to the toast of ' The Governor,' His Excel lency acknowledged that he had been taken by surprise in the matter, and could only thank them for the hospitable and welcome reception they had given him. He added— I thank you very sincerely for the kind way you have proposed the toast of my health, and referred not only to me personally, but to my official capacity as representative of the Queen. (Applause.) Amongst those here we have two officers of Her Imperial Majesty's naval service. (Applause.) They in common with other visitors who have come here will be able to say when they go back how thoroughly loyal you are to the Queen and the institutions of the old country. (Hear, hear.) I am very glad that my first official visit to you should be paid on such an auspicious occasion as this, because the open ing of such a fine building marks in a special way the progress of the town. (Hear, hear.) When I am told, as I have been since enter ing here, that ten years ago the Semaphore consisted of a few sandhills on the seacoast and one or two families living there, and that now you have a fine rising town with a population of 5,000 people, and are able amongst you to erect the fine building in which we now are, I think I may heartily congratulate you on your prosperity. (Ap plause.) I assure you it gives me great plea sure to be here to-day to take part in this ceremony. (Hear, hear.) His Excellency and party then walked through the now well-filled hall to the stage. The naval officers who accompanied him were Lieutenant Torlesse and Mr. Dixon, of H.M.S. Swinger. Lieutenant Marks, the officer in charge, sent an apology for absence; but he also sent a sergeant and eight marines, who were drawn up in the hall, Captain Gordon, of the Permanent Force, with twenty men rendering a similar honour. On the plat form the Mayor supported His Excellency on the right, and the Minister of Education (the Hon.E.T. Smith, M.P.) on the left, and behind them Sir Henry Ayers, M.L.C. (Pre sident of the Legislative Council), Messrs. Bower, M.P., Mattinson, M.P., and C. Todd, C M.G., Lieutenant Torlesse, R.N.; and Mr. Dixon, R.N., Adjutant Wilkinson, Lieu-. tenant-Colonel Lovely. Messrs. R. J. Turner, S.M., T.J. King. J.P.(Mayor of the Port), Captain Legoe, Canon Green, Dr. Muecke, Mr. Howard, and Messrs. Wright & Reed. His Worship called on His Excellency to formally declare the building open. His Excellency said— Mr. Mayor, Ladies, and Gentlemen— It has often occurred to me that one of the most pleasing features in Australian social life is the great interest taken by the people in the various towns in institutions such as that I am called upon to open to-day. I may venture to say they are of an educational character, and well worthy the attention of the residents of the towns in the colony. I do not forget that in erecting such a building as this and similar ones you have here exceptional advantages in the way of liberal aid from the Government— more liberal than in many other colonies. But I venture to say that the money is well spent, because the institutions are educa tional in character, and I should be sorry to see any considerable town in South Aus tralia without one. It is a good thing that the people of the towns and the colony generally put their hands into their pockets, and then ask the Government to subsidize halls of this kind. No town in South Aus tralia or in any part of Australia ia now con sidered complete until it has its Institute or some similar building, where people can meet for purposes of recreation and in struction and general entertainment, which otherwise there would be no opportunity of giving in the town theatrical representations, entertainments, musical and so forth, that for the wellbeing of the people ought to exist in all towns. (Hear, hear.) I have so often attended at ceremonies of this character — either in laying foundation-stones or declaring the buildings open — that if I were now to detain you with a long speech I should be simply repeating what I have said on former occasions. I can assure you of the great pleasure it is to be here to- day to take part in this ceremony. (Applause.) I am reminded that this town is only ten years old, and that ten years ago there were but very few houses scattered over the sandhills where now I see a town around me with a population numbering somewhere about 5,000. Therefore the opening of this building is a sign of the progress which your town has made, and I sincerely hope that it may still go on and prosper; (Ap plause.) This hall, ladies and. gentlemen, I understand has cost a sum of £5,022, of which £4,184 has been collected, including, I presume, the Government subsidy, leaving £838 still owing. (Hear, hear.) I have no doubt that some succeeding speaker will tell you with authority the exact amount of debt, and how it will be liquidated. I should not refer to this part of the subject but that I see before me a bowl in which some cheques have been placed, and if any one should feel disposed to put more cheques in this bowl to-day for reliev ing the debt I have no doubt that those gentlemen in authority here will be glad to receive them and thank you for them. (Hear, hear.) I was not asked to make a speech but simply to declare this building open. It is an agreeable duty that I perform, and I congratulate you on the appearance of the hall, which reflects great credit on the archi tects and builders and on the town which has caused it to be erected. (Applause.) I have tbe pleasure of declaring it open to the public, and may it in the fullest sense serve the laudable intentions of those who have been instrumental in getting it. (Loud applause). The National Anthem was here played by the Military Band stationed in front of the Hall. Hi3 Worship the Matob of the Sema phore {Mr. T. Hack, J.P.), who was greeted with cheers, first read a number of apologies from gentlemen who were unavoidably absent. He then said he was sure they were all pleased with the success the committee had met from the commencement of the undertaking, -the completion of which was celebrated that day. In looking at the sub ject from its commencement one could not out be astonished at the remarkable success which had favoured it from the time it was first undertaken.- In 1881 Mr. J. C. Lovely, being Chairman of the District Council, wrote to the Commissioner of Crown Lands asking if he would give them a site suitable or the erection of their building. That eventuated'in the acquisition of a l)lock of land close to the Custom-house, which was 70 feet by 105. A' meeting was convened by the same ceutleman in December, 1881, when a committee of ladies and gentlemen vra.% formed, of which Mr. Nathaniel Oldham was Chairman, and who he was sorry was not present that day. - He was absent owing to ul-health, though he had acted as Chairman of the committee during the time a great deal of hard work _ was done. At a meeting over ?? which he . cresided plans were submitted by Messrs. Wright & Reed for. the building. The project was warmly taken up, and the scheme gjew and extended very much, owing to the influence to- which ladies especially could surround whatever they took in hand. If it had not been for the ladies of the Sema phore their enterprise would not have suc ceeded. (Hear, hear.) From its commence ment It was not of the slightest use throwing cold water on it, and the ladies pooh-poohed the idea of anything like a failure. Their continued and hearty efforts had made it a success. (Applause.) The committee went to the Government and told them the site was not large enough, and in January, 1882, they managed to get their present site. In Februaryof the same year the tender of Messrs. Williams and Cleave was accepted for the building, and they had carried it out well, not only to the satisfaction of the architect but also of the committee. (Hear, . hear.) He had been trough all parts of the building, and could sneak with a technical knowledge ; they had given them a building which would stand for a great length of time. He would now read them a statement showing what had been done. The amount of donations received was £817 ; but there was still promised, including a donation ? from Mr. D. Bower, £102, or a total of £919. Entertainments had been given on behalf oi the Institute. One by their boys in the Academy of Mu3ic, under Mr. J. R. Legoe, realized £63 ; concert T-y Mr. A. Martin, of the Port Adelaide Model School, gave them £17 ; and best of all the ladies' efforts by a bazaar had realized £828. (Applause.) Then there was a Flower Show and Art Union and concert, which raised ' £203, making a total of £2,030, or, with interest 'on deposits in the -Bank, a grand total of £2,090. The Government subsidy brought up the amount to £4,184. The expenditure had been as follows:— Building, £4,605; chairs, £220; piano, £112; sundries, £85— making a total of £5,022, leaving a balance of £838 still to collect, of which they would get £200* or £300 subsidized by the Govern ment. Of course the Government did not sub sidize money spent for furniture and fittings. They had accommodation sufficient for a very long time. The Town Council.-' had taken two of the rooms at an annual rental ; there was another large room upstairs taken for a few gentlemen in the neighbourhood by DaDtain Osborne for spending social even Ulga. XLC woo ouic uiab wuiuu in; a uwu which many gentlemen, especially ship captains, would be glad to avail themselves of. There was a very large room underneath the stage taken by young men of the town, which was suitable for purposes of general improvement. Mr. Burton had undertaken these young men to see what he could do for them^and he (the Mayor), as a father of a family embracing young fellows nearly as tall as himself, was glad of it. And- then there was that capacious hall for general purposes, which spoke for itself. The large gathering that afternoon proved that the hall was just what was required for the Sema phore. It would be invaluable for all kinds of amusements, and would be a boon for many years to come. (Applause.) The Minister of Education (Hon. E. T. Smith, M.P.), who was received with applause, said he felt placed in a somewhat peculiar position. He was there as the representative of more than one invitation. He had received an invitation himself two or three weeks ago, and about the same time the late Minister of Education received and accepted an invitation also. Two or three days ago he was also asked to come as Minister of Education. (Hear.) He questioned whether before two Ministers of the same department had been similarly invited tojone particular event. He regretted very much that his predecessor (Mr. Parsons) was not there. He had fully expected to see him. Mr. Parsons had seen the commencement of the work and its finish, and it was only by a mere accident that the committee had lost his services that day. He (the speaker) had simply attended to congratulate them upon the laudable effort in erecting the beautiful haU. He had not forgotten the honour paid him by asking him toopen the bazaar referred to by the Mayor in the City Hall, and he still prized the gift given him by the Ladies' Committee on that occasion. (Applause.) The heads and hearts of the ladies were engaged in the good cause, and when that was the case at a bazaar their hands would soon be in the gentlemen's pockets. (Laughter.) They were doing all they could to educate the young, and they wanted institutes for the benefit of those unable to go to Uni versities.- Those required education for the high ' and honourable _po3itions possible to Ahem in life. (Hear, bear). His Excellency had referred to the fact that sub ment for Institutes, and without revealing any Cabinet secrets' he said thfere was no intention whatever ou the part of the Govern ment -to. alter that' system. (Applause.) Although economy was desirable, it would not be a saving to commence a cheeseparing poh'cy in that direction. But for that system we1 should not have had' one-third of the Institutes- erected iir the colony. Knowing as they did the value of them, there were no parts of the colony where they could be erected with greater advantage than at seaport towns. (Hear,- hear.) It was a pleasing that they were, springing up all around our coast. They had done well at Glenelg, Port Augusta, and elsewhere, and they had done better at Port Adelaide, but without flattery they had done best at the Semaphore. (Ap plause.) From the bottom of his heart he. wished the Institute that prosperity which would be a reward of their honest labour and a monument of their indefatigable energy. (Applause.) Sir Henry Ayers said he thought it could be safely affirmed that during the last seven or eight years greater additions had been made to the property of the colony in the erection of buildings of that and other kinds than in any previous similar period of its history. And if that were so with regard to the colony at large he was sure it was so in a much greater degree with regard to the Semaphore. In that district they might safely say greater progress had been made in that direction than in any other part pi the province. He was not much ia the habit ot visiting the Semaphore, but an interesting event had occurred that week which brought him there, and he could not help noting the progress and improve ments made. He saw numerous residences side by side running all along the coast-line, and houses more or less continuously reaching over to the Port Bridge. He was very much impressed with thia, from the fact that he knew Lefevre's Peninsula when it only possessed one cottage, and that one which no one would covet now. Conspicuous amongst all these improvements was the building in which they were assembled, and which, as His Worship had said, would speak for itself more eloquently than through any words he could use. His Excellency and the Commis sioner of Public Works had referred to the Tirihciple followed by the Government of sub scribing pound for pound contributed by the public. It had been attended with good results. It had been the means of planting institutions like thatthronghoutthelengthana breadth of the land, and acted like a stimulus to the public to go forward. (Hear, hear.) It was to the operation of that principle that the people of lie Semaphore were in posses sion of an Institute so early as they were. The uses to which those buildings were put were somewhat various. They consisted first in continuing the educational instruction of the people and providing means for amuse ment. The advantages of education were too obvious to need remark, but amusements were a very important matter for the com munity to consider. The nature of the entertainments in which the people partici pated, and the manner in which those enter tainments were conducted, were of the very greatest consequence to the community. Every one knew that the young could not get on without amusement, and they must nave found out that agreeable entertainment was essential and valuable to young and old. The old lines, 'All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy,' did not go far enough, hoogh the author must have beena man. rVhen he (the speaker) nsed the word 'Jack' ie meant all the 'Jills' as well, and thereby Jl the human family, male and female. Who were most entitled to amusement ? Women far more than men, because the occupations of men were not so monotonous, and in their work they were brought into much contact with their fellow-men. The women, on the other hand, were employed in their own homes, and when not alone were limited to the companionship of their families. But the amusement of men and women together was most desirable. (Hear, hear.) There were the means for this. They could listen to historical, scientific, or other lectures, to the sweet sounds of music, or see representa ions on the stage. He hoped every represen tation on the stage would serve, as it were, ;o ' hold the mirror up to Nature,' and show rirtue in her own image.' He congratulated them on the completion of the building, and that they might be long spared to enjoy it was his earnest desire. (Applause.) Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., was present as Chairman of the South Australian Institute, having oversight of all the Institutes in the colony, and also offered the committee his congratulations. That day the Semaphore had wiped away the reproach of the last five or six years, that while almost every village had its Institute, the Semaphore with its 5,000 people had none. The committee had, however, much work before them in gather ing together books, and organizing classes for the culture of science and art. The Institute should be the head-quarters of young men — of their cricket meetings and their social gatherings. They should be kept from the public-house, and he would provide them smoking and billiard rooms. They required facilities for cultivating con versational powers. Altogether he felt that no money was so well spent as in the forma tion of Institutes. At the present time South Australia had something like 114 Institutes with between 5,000 and 6,000 members, and books numbering 80,000. The income by private subscription was £3,000 last year, and the Government subsidy, including grants in aid of building funds, amounted to no less than £9,500. In point of fact the sum of money spent on Institutes was over £17,000 a year. That was a very creditable fact for so small a community. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Canon Green was received with applause. He said he was the first speaker on the occasion closely connected with Port Adelaide. They must heartily congratulate the people of the Semaphore on the erection of their building. The greatest praise he could give it was that it was a better build ing than the Town Hall of Port Adelaide. He did not know that he would have had to speak or he would have come prepared. But, perhaps, he might be allowed to refer to the remarks of one or two previous speakers. His Excellency would pardon him if he referred to a remark from Sir Henry Ayers. He had been honoured by colonists for many a long year, and he thoughtthey would honour him that day in the capacity of; prophet because he spoke of the Mayor of the Semaphore as the Commissioner of Public Works. If His Worship the Mayor of the Semaphore was not Commissioner of Public Works it would be one of those sad mischances which befel public men. because they knew there wa3 no man in the neigh bourhood who would do more honour to the position. (Applause.) Then he would lefer to words of the Governor, who spoke of the institution as being educational in character. He remembered the day when the young men of that district bad only two means of education, and valuable as those were they were not suffi cient. They were the instructive conversa tion of Mr. Jagoe — (loud laughter)— and the edifying remarks of Mr. Pilot Harris. (Re newed laughter.) Great progress had been made in the district during the last ten years, but it was his great regret to re member that if he had only then judiciously spent £10 in the district he could now have built an Institute of his own. (Laughter.) Mr. Smith had intimated that he was present as the representative Of a defunct Minister. He .must, therefore, be bis ghost. (Laughter.) The Minister of Education had not expressed Jiis views on local option— (laughter)— but if a poll had been taken of the teeling of the district they would be compelled to admit that Mr. Smith would do the utmost he could for the -good of the colony as Minister of Education. He must heartily wish success to that Institute. There were only about eighteen in the colony in. which he had not lectured, and if some day they asked him to help the Institute he would.oe happy to do so. (Applause.) Mr. Boweb, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency for his presence and to the officers of Her Majesty's force, who had contributed so much to the success of the affair by their attendance and allowing their reen tol-e there. Mr. Mattixsox, M.P., seconded, and with Mr. Bower congratulated the people on the possession of the Institute and hall, second to none outside of the City of Adelaide. . The resolution was carried with acclama tion. His Excellency, in reply, said — I was reminded by one of the speakers a few minutes ago of a little stcry, which, as pur train does not go for a few minutes, I think I may venture to tell you. Two gentlemen were examining the portrait of a mutual friend who was dead, or, as Canon Green said, had become a ghost. They were asking themselves whether or not it was a good likeness of the deceased. ' Yes,' said one, ' it is a good portrait, but there is a great mistake. He is represented as having his hand in his own pocket, but to be faithful he ought to have had it in someone else's.' (Laughter.) It is not only in the power of the ladies to put their hands_ in their own pockets to relieve this Institute of debt, but they can promote : its objects by seeing that the musical 'entertainments are of a worthy character. (Hear, hear.) A_ great deal de pends upon the ladies in this respect. I do not advocate that in young communities we should endeavour to impose music 'of a class beyond the average c'omprehension,becau3e that would be foolish; but I think an im provement might be made upon the character of the entertainments , some times given in these colonies. I think we have, as I said in the country once, too^much of the comic and not enough of the senous element. By the' serious I do not mean that high-class music which many not far from centres of population would appreciate, but there ? is a medium in all things, and between high and low class music there is a medium which, having an educational value, should be presented to the people. The more you educate them in this 'class of music the more you prepare the way for music of a high class. In this sense I ? would appeal to the ladies that the music presented to the public of the! Semaphore might be rendered worthy of this Institute and of the very fine piano which, I believe, you have in your possession. (Hear, hear.) I have only to congratulate you; on the very perfect arrangements you have made for this opening ceremony. Everything, has been done decently and in order— (Hear, hear)— and I congratulate you on the large and representative gathering attending here! to day and testifying to the interest taken in the Institute. (Applause.] I Would only conclude by expressing my regret that I shall not be able to attend your first concert on Wednesday, I would gladly so do if it were consistent with prior engagements, which it is not The programme of that concert appears to be admirably arranged, and you will have thai sort of music which should be presented on such occasions. (Applause.) I hope I maj have the opportunity of attending on a future occasion. (Hearj hear.) I will conclude bj expressing the sincere hope that the people of the Semaphore may enjoy many agreeable evenings in this fine Institute. (Applause.) This ended the proceedings, and the vice regad party returned to Adelaide by the ( o'clock train. 