GALLIATAUFRY: Mr Editor,--Having had An attack of the " rheumatiz"-aan -hereditary complaint int our ,fanmily-generated in the present instaince by the variable weather of 'late eiperienced,'- I have been unable to send my -usual hebo doinadal budget. -As it .is these few" lines have been penned, by my. amanu. ensis, as my own cramped fiogero refuse to grasp the pen.. However, I thought I would" forward a choice piece of rhythm .iwhich" by - some unknown hand was 'pushed. under my front door before I .was up this morning. You will perceive it is in the caligraphy of a, female, and appears to have a particular reference to the recent onslaight made upon tle goats of the West End.:by..the in spector of nuisances;. The quartettes contain a plaintivel solicitude, a pre. sentiment of evil, .and wiiid ip with an impirecation upon'the head of the local inspector of nuisnances, for depriving one family at least. of its matutinal milk. 'The metre is not altogether beyond suspicioni; but stiil you might find room for. it. It runsas follows:- ..... on A WIdow's wr. . . Oh. where, eh, where is our Nanvy goats gone I •Her old form nowhere can wes ee; She has served as with milk for ever. eson long, Oh, where, ob, whore coo sh be I'' I fear the inspector has run poor Nat in, ; For searching habroad for hsr gross, : r And fornothinog else than.this trivial sin': . ,-She Is butchered in cold blood, ulasi Ne'er more shall we hear ihe sweet pat of her feet, SaHer bleat when ae mallther by name:- Tzoimpliued sapoor N?.aair beinigtin ti'i treet Is.a ieal downrigh't dod gasted shams. . I hope the inspector, sad those of his ilk .Will be haunted byday and by night By the skel'ton of Nanny (who gave as our mlik) Ii the form of a horrible sprite. I hope that the ghost will have clovenrfeet, noBe black as night, like to our Nan, And with'pitch.fork in hanrd follow up on his best And'" prod" well that inhuman man. I hope shab'll appear to the inepector asleep In spectre form, andesulphury breath, With horns and forked tail on his form may she And butt him well nigh lsto death. For hoan't he alaughtered our poor Naany.goat That ne'er any mischief did do I And nowne o'er our sorrow he wishes to gloat And threatens some of na to sue. May he never more have any milk for his tea, No butter to lay on his bread; These luxuries he hae denied unto me, May curses alight on his head I By inserting this for me yon will greatly,oblige. Who knows but the publication of the verses of this female 'poettster may be the forerunner of' a proposal to 'shlare the heart and home of a buxom widow I . On thi 'occasion above any 'thoer (if you'do eho(ies to give the lines room in your journal) please don't omit my signaturo, S. PBENIX. 