THE LABOUR QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Allow me to Bay a few words on the above subject. The labour market seems to be very full just at present in the city, but if some of the unemployed would enquire of the country towns they would find no scar city of work. I do not say that they would find high wages, eight hours, and theatres and concert-halls to go to every evening, not for getting tramcars to ride on past their very noses t and races to attend of a Saturday afternoon, nor half the so-called comforts of life. They would naturally have to put up with a little inconvenience ; but men nowa days want to be boss as soon as they get a shilling or two to come, and live up to the nines. The farmers are wanting men now all over the colony ; but no, the unemployed won't go to them for work — too muddy in wet weather and too dusty in dry— unem- ployed could not keep their boots clean. Like a man I heard of the other day work ing for a butcher as knockabout, could not scrape the yard up, as it would dirty his boots. Another, the week before last, left his place (a good one) because the boss ordered him to clean his horses down before he had his breakfast. Do such men deserve high wages ? no ; if they had ever been in England they would have to get up by candlelight and do half their work. As long as the eight-hours system prevails in Ade laide there will always be unemployed : do away with the eight-hours system and there will be work for every one. The reason men come to town is to look for eight hours, as in the country farmers' hours are longer ; there fore the men all leave to go in for easier places, and I do not blame them, the fault is not theirs, every one for himself, but I blame the Government for recognising the eight hours system. Times are bad and will not mend as longaa the eight- hours system prevails ; but make things cheaper and people will afford to buy. Cheaper things can only be made by working longer hours, as the price of material is at its very lowest, and an extra hour would not hurt the working man, in fact would do him good, because, in many cases, he would not have eo much tune to spend in the public house. In talking to some men in town they will tell you that they have been farm hands, but will not take farm work while there ia a ghost of a chance at anything else in town, , as there is no eight hours with the fanners nor will there ever be, What is the use of the Government bringing out agricultural labourers ? One half of them never saw a plough before they left England, much less guided one, but only agree as agricultural labourers to get out to the colonies, to stand at the street corners and ask the Government for work or soup. The Government ought to have a farm near Adelaide to test these so called agricultural labourers, or, better still, in England, or else have references from English farmers as to their competence, before sending them out as a burden to the Government— a lot of idle, useless fellows, only sent out from England because they cannot be made any use of there. In conclu sion, I would state that no young man with health need want in South Australia as long as he is able to work. lam, Sir, &c;, DAT ORFUL COMET. 