A Touchling ,Lament. THE following touching lament for a deceased wife, from a disconsolate editor ofa Missouri paper, appears in the columns of tlhat journal:-" Thus my wife died. No more will those loving hands pull off my boots and part my back hair as only a wife can. Nor will those willing feet replenish the coal-hod or water-pail. No more will she arise amid the tempestuous storms of Winter and hie away to the fire without disturbing the slumbers of the man who doted on her so artlessly. Her memory is embalmed upon my heart of hearts. " I wanted to embalm her body, but found I could embalm her memory much cheaper. I procured of Eli Mudgett, a neighbour of mine, a very pretty grave stone. Hisewife was consumiptive, and he kept it on hand several years in anticipation of her death. But she rallied last Spring, and his liopes were blasted. Ne-er shall I forget the poorman's grief whlen I asked'him to part with It.". i"'Take it, Skinner,' he hoarsely whispered, 'andmay, you never know What it is to have your.soul.disappointed as mine has been;' and,he burst into a flood of tears. His spirit was,.,indeed, utterly biroken. I had the following, epitaph engraved upon the tomb. stone: :' :To the memory of Tabitha, wife of Moses Skinner, Esq., gentlemanly editor of the. Trombone. Terms, three dollars a year, iivariably in advance. A kind mother,'an exemplary wife. Office over .Coleman's grocery, up two flights of stairs. Knock hard. \Ve shall miss thee, mother;' we shall miss thee. Job printing solicited.' ' "Thus like Rachel weeping for her children, did my lacerated spirit cry out in agony. But one ray of light penetrated the despair ot.my soul. The undertaker took his pay in jobprinting, and the sexton owed me a: little account I.should not have gotten any other .way." "Shall I sing ' When the robins nest again, darlinig ?" she aisked with a sweet smile, as she:moved towards the piano. "Yes, love," he replied ; 'then'after a moment's pause he added "Allow me to call"your attention to the fact that therobins won't nest. again till next year." She did'hot sing, and he doesn't go there any mbre. In 'a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being plhyed by a a' clever actor, who was' also' a very. great favourite with his audience, in -thle banqtuet scene he had de livered his words to the ghost of Banquo, "Hence, hence, hence I" when he dropped oh his knee,' covered his face with his robe, and shluddered 'convulsively.' Just as the applaiuse 'was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried' out, "It's all right now, Smith; hids 