MELBOURNE NEWS. from our own correspondent. Saturday evening. From information received from Messrs Ker- ford and Gillies, acquired by them in their recent oruiso, Mr Servico is of opinion that nil tho Parliaments of the various colonies, with the ex ception perhaps of Tasmania, will bo in season iu June, when tho Fedoral Council Bill will bo dealt with. Mr Tucker contemplates bringing in a new Rabbit Suppression Bill next session, in whioh bunny will be dealt with on entirely novel and to him discomfituring principles. An odd question has been under investigation by the polico authorities lately. It appears that a constable named M'Liney had an order made against him for tho maintenance of a littlo child of a Miss Maguiro, which was subsequently quashed on appeal on a technical point. Tho constablo was transferred to Sandhurst, whither his faithful lover followed him, and caused him to become tho subject of public ridicule by fol lowing him about the streets when on duty with their joint babe, who sho has trained to point at tho faithless policoman wlionover it saw him, and explain in reproachful acconts, Da ! Da ! This course sho pursued, sho states, in order to make Da Da I repair tho wrong done by marry ing hor, which ho dcclinod to do. Notwith standing this, tho old lovo appears to have burned with its old fires, for tho lady has in formed the officer of police for tho district that she is again enciente, and that when tho fulness of timo has come, if nil goes happily, tho babe will bo M'Linoy's second, Still, liowovor, ho is not on for tho marrying biz, and in deference to public opinion in tho Eaglehawk district, which was somowhat scandalised by this ro mance in tho domostic lifo of a pooler, M'Linoy has been transferred to St. Arnaud, whero the determined mind threatens still to follow him. Tho mattor has been under the review of the Chief Commissioner of Polico, who will not further intorforo. A. raco meeting was hold at Elsternwiok Park to-day. Thero was only a moderate attendance, owing, doubtless, to most of tho sporting mon being away in tho sister colony. Tho following aro tho results : — Hurdle Race. — Noil Kelly, 1 j Don Alonzo, 2 ; First Try, 3. Maidon Trot. — Black Tracker, 1 ! Lubra, 2. Elwood Handicap. — Honora, J. ; Priestess, 2 ; Countryman, 3. Soiling Raco. — Tho Ghost, 1 ; Loporo'llo, 2 ; Quiotudo, 3. Tho winnor was bought in for 76 guineas, 56 of which went to tho Club. Elstcrmvick Park Handicap. — Aga tha, 1 ; Raillory, 2 j Lyons Lady, 3. The attention of tho Mining Department has been called to tho accident, which occurred at tho Euroka mino, Sandhurst, a fow days ago, by whioh tho engino-drivor Birckholdt lowered tho cago into tho woll, aud gavo tho men in unvo- luntnry immersion. They only escaped drown ing by climbing over tho cage. Tho driver had hitherto been a most careful and attentive man. Tho Minister of Mines has directed tho looal inspector to take proceedings against Jum. Commercial. — A pared of 800 bags sold, ox station, at 4s OJd. : An offer for a large line at 4s ld f.o.b. is said to havo boon refused. Some 120 tons of flour quitted for oxport at L8 5s. Tho following ore the arrivals of grain and otlior produce at tho Sponcer-strcet station to-day : — Wheat, 5123 bags ; flour, 1449 bags ; bran, 308 bags ; ,oats, 3102 bags ; chaff, 4328 bags ; peas, 491 bags j barley, 043 bags ; potatoes, 222 bags; onions, 166 bngs ; grass seeds, 80 bags. 