A Tale of Olden Sydney. BY FRANK FAIRLIE. " There is nothing much of the romantic about Sydney-I mean no past incidents in the lives of people worth recording. Everything is so new, sa fresh," said a young lady the other evening. " Give me the Old World, with its romances, ghosts/ love stories, and old time memory." " Is that so, young miss ? Listen to this true tale, of Sydney's past": It wa3 a tall, very tall, unadorned house, built on the very edge of Pott's Point. It looks un compromising in its stiff, formal outlines, yet is firm and substantial even to its outer stono wall that divides it from tho street. It is surrounded by its own luxuriant grounds, largo and beautiful. Tho placo is entered from Wyldc-strcct. You pass through a high wooden gate, down a gravel drive ; on tho'right is the solid stone stables, on the left tho high stone wall that shuts tho kitchen department into its own square yard. You tura to tho left, and see tho seven or eight stone steps that lead to the front entrance You ascend, and, turning from tho front door, you see the grounds of tho mansion end by meeting tho waters of Port Jackson. You see " Our beautiful harbour" from its length and breadth in all its natural beauty. It is a charming spot. How happy must lifo pass to the owners of such ahorno ! Sorrow, excepting sorrow of death, cannot enter here. Listen. About tho year 1S23, as nearly as I eau remem ber, there lived in this mansion (thon proudly standing in all its freshly furnished beauty) a family whom I will call Gold. The family con sisted of tho owner, a very wealthy gentleman, proud of his present possessions, including wife and cliildren ; proud of his far back long line of ancestors, and proud of Ids name. His wife, a disappointed with life, peevish lady. Five or six young children. Their governess, a pretty younga lady whom they had brought from home. And thc brother of thc master, a gentleman who was visiting Australia in tho hopes of doing something to fill once moro tho money bags of thc old family, and furbishing anew tho fast falling to decay properties. Mrs <ïold was planning a marriage between him and tho very wealthy Miss Gonoworth, but Oven as "tho well-laid plans of mice and mon gang aft aglce," so also did hers. Sydney was just emerging out of its primo gonial stage» The bush was falling slowly before civilization. It was beginning to prepare for the beautiful city it now is. Everything was rough and-undefined, and such a tiling as society xuipro curablo. Thus it happened the young Mr Gold was thrown back, and more dependent upon home pleasures. The governess, Miss Grey, was a lively refined young lady. They1 wèro (living undor the Same roof) much thrown into each other's company, and thus it came about that the pair fell in love with each other, and all other ideas but their love fell over the board. This state of affairs first dawned upon Mrs Gold when she sat within the drawing-room, and watching her children play in the garden, saw her brother- in-law pull a cluster of sweet-scented -white jessamine and fix it in the curly brown hair q£ Miss Groy. She noted tho heightened colour and bright gnuie ol thanks, and all at once saw what a mistake she was making by having them both together. She called her brother-in-law in, asking him to come and keep her company. When ho was seated in the window by her she adroitly turned tho conversation on to Miss Grey. " Miss Grey seems to me to bo growing careless, or neglectful. I have been thinking lately I Bhall Boon have no other alternativo but to dismiss her." " I think you are mistaken, Susio. She is a most painstaking governess. Wherein lio3 her fault/' "Listen to a young bachelor discussing the meritB of an old matron's governess," cried Mrs Gold, laughing her light laugh. " Her faults or merits can be nothing to you." " Certainly not. Yet common human curiosity in the behaviour of ono with whom you are in hourly contact caused me to ask." " The less curiosity you evince in that quarter the better. She is like most penniless young ladies-seeking a good homo." "You wrong her there, Susie. Miss Grey never thought of marriage till-" " Till when may I ask ? Miss Grey is a very designing, cunning young person ; and has cer tainly deceived me." " I shall for ever regret if by any of my words or acts I have turned your kindness towards your governess into-well, cruelty. It would be de cided cruelty to bring a young lady out from a civilised world and her home, to a place like this where she had no return ; and then treat hor any way but as ono. lady would another. Sho is a lady, and living under the same roof as myself, naturally is entitled to any little attentions I can show her ; if you object to my showing her any courtesy, or if you feel my presence interfores in any way with your domestic arrangements, I trust you will not hesitate to tell me. I am a man, and consequently can live anywhere." " What nonsense you talk, Charles. Will 'you be good enough to touch the bell." He rung tho bell, and left the7 room. Mrs. Gold sent the servant to tell Miss Grey she de sired to see her. When she entered the room, Mrs. Gold bade her take a seat in the window, saying she wished for her company, and she could watch the children play from there. As Miss Grey was seating herself on a low ottoman near Mrs. Gold's sofa, she could not but notice the ladylike, bright picture she made, and the pretty, graceful manner she carried the littlo curly brown head. She wore her hair just hanging loose ; it was cut short in front, and thus formed the low fringe that is so fashionable now, from whence it fell over her shoulders a cascade of curls. The very curls irritated Mrs. Gold deeper. " Your hair has looked so untidy lately, Miss Grey, I fancy you woidd find it bettor to plait it straight off your face." " I am so sorry, dear Mrs. Gold, but my hair will curl, it has always been a nuisance ; though dear mamma loves my curls. I would plait it up with pleasure, but it would take me so long in the mornings, bOsides I couldn't catch the front hairs. Soe," and she pulled them laughingly out td show their shortness. " If you wiU allow me I wiU go and make my head more presentable." " No ! never mind. Mr. Charles was discussing his future marriage with me just now, I think they will decide upon a day very early. Mr. Charles will bo a loss to us, Miss Grey." " I did not know-I never heard. Who-who is he going to marry ?" " Miss Goneworth." I thought even you must have noticed it." " I have never thought of marriago." "Never! Eeally. Why, you should think of it, and seriously. I have noticed Mr. North's attentions for some time. Ho has money and power, Miss Groy, two very essential things." " Pardon mo, Miss Amy has gone out of my sight." And Miss Grey hurriedly passed out of the win dow and into the garden. Mrs. Gold lay back on the sofa and closed her eyes. She was satisfied so far. She arranged that she would encourage that coarse old fellow, Mr. North, and get Miss Grey married out of the way. That wa3 an artistic stroke of diplomacy. It had beon for some timo a standing joke at tho table, &c;, Mr. North's penchant for Miss Grey. Miss Groy invariably laughed tho most herself at it, and was amused at the idea. Mr. North was a coarse, cunning man, one who would change his coat or facowith any parly in power. He had, by obsequious cringing and cunning, got up step by step, crawled along through any sliine or political filth till (wonder fid to relate) he stood at last a magistrate, trying his fellow creatures where ho had stood a felon, and tho rider of even the Governor of tho day. But his evil hot temper frequently misled his brain. Ho was proud, pompous, bad tem pered, and unprincipled, yet had the one good redeeming quality to bo found in all human creatures. In Mr. North it came out in his loving memory of. his mother, his respect for all woman hood, and his love of tho .beautiful. He certainly had an intenso admiration for Miss Grey, and would rcquiro but littlo encoxu'agcrnont. Miss Grey went down tho garden and attended to her charges as usual, but a cloud had como over tho brightness of thc day for her. Mr. North took dinner with tho Golds that evening, and Mrs. Gold took care to keep her brother-in law by her side. Mr. North was turning over Miss Grey's music as sho sung, and tho master was dozing on the balcony. Tho music ceased, and Mr North was talking eagerly, Miss Grey, with eye3 bout down, listening. Ho was telling her some incident, to bring his powerful influence into move prbininenco. "See, Charles, Mr. North is persevering.' I fancy wo will soon lose Miss Groy." " MÍ3S Grey will never throw herself away in such a manner, nor would you allow it, Susie." "I ? Oh ! I would not stand in hor way, poor girl. ' She has a poor mother at homo, and a host Of sisters and brothers, who wiH hang on to her where ever she makes a home." Mr. Charles stood leaning against the window looking across the moonlit waters. If he were rici.! If? Any sort of man, could, by strong will and determination, turn that "if" into " I am,"in a country like this. Muscle and labour could earn that gold, the lack of which brought him out. He looked across at Miss Gray ; what a dainty little figure she was, clad in a pale blue dress, with the sweet scented, white jessaniino at her neck and in her hair-the pretty hair whoso very roughness was a beauty. " Mis3 Groy," said Mrs. Gold, " will you please give us the song that always brings in Mr. Gold. It is time ho awoke." Miss Grey turned with her bright smile to the Çiano, and began, "Bonnie Prince Charlie." Phon she roached the two lines, " Charlie, Charlie ! wha wad'na follow thoo ? Kins o' tho Hioland hearts, bonnie Prince Charlie ! " Mr. Gold walked in, and the conversation became general. An evening or two after this, Mr. and Mrs. Gold were spending tho evening at tho Gone worths. Miss Grey had had tea with the children, and, they being in bed, she was alone. She had thrown a white woollen shawl over her head, and was walking in the garden, thinking of her homo so far away. She felt a trouble was rising in her life's sky, and she was so alone ; she wanted her mother and her home. Steps were coining behind, and looking back she saw the young Mr. Gold coming down tho walk. " I shall nevor see tho jessamine, but I'll re member you, Nellie !" " Ah ! Mr. Charles, might it not bo better to forgot ?" v ? "'Mr. Charles!' Why, Nellie, what is the matter ? Has Mr. North's captivating attractions cut me off at last ?" She looked up at him with a laugh, though her bright blue eyes were dimmed with tears. Find ing hor tears flowing against hor will, she turned her faco out to the bay. " What is the matter, Nellio ? Has anyono annoyed you." " No j no one, Charlie ; I am only dull-melan choly. I fear so much ; I fear it is not good for you that-that you should love me. I fear your family will be displeased, for, for-what ami?" " My darling ! You are a priceless for tune yourself, Nellie. As fortune^, my wife will help me to make one-hero in this land of wealth-and we will go back home, with our for tune, my dear, and no one will over know but that you brought it me. You will bring it me, for without the incentive of your love, without my Nellie's help, I could not get it." " Might it not have been better for you if you had never met me ?" " No, it woiüd not." " I feel so nervous and frightened to-night. I fear-I fear I am doing wrong in allowing you in encouraging you-" "Then dont. Say nothing Nellie, but keep your hand in mine, and let us look up and for wards ; lot us rest, preparing the-the-coming labour by the sweat of our brows, whereby wo are to gain this terrible fortune, and in which you will have to do the hon's share. In Rome, we must do as Rome does, and hore the sable ladies of the land perform most of the labour, so Mrs. Nellio Gold will have to seo-" " Mr. North, to see Miss Groy," announced a domestique. "Say I will be in the drawing-room imme diately." And the servant departed. "Come, dry you oyes, Nollie, and goto meet your refined admirer. Now, adniit at least that I am not jealous. Come, give me one kiss a3 a reward. Now, Nollie, what is it to be-my own name, darling, or 'Mr. Charles' my bonnie Princo Charlio ?'" Soon after Charles heard a cry from Nellie, and, vaulting over the high verandah, ho saw her in a corner with a chair before her, and Mr. North holding one of her hands. " Come, my poppet ! gio us yer answer. When will you becomo Mrs. North? Wait a bit till you get a few goold chains, an' brooches, an' diamonds. I can dress you out, my girl, better 'n any o' them. It isn't every girl gets the chance you do. You'll lead tho whole van, my beauty, an' can curl up your pretty nose in scorn at all the fortuno hunters, such as this upstylish cock chaffer hore. Come,-" He was pressing forward to salute Nellie when Charles walked in hurriedly, and, clutching Mr. North by tho collar, sent his flabby, portly person flying across the room, whore he fell over a jardinier, which broke and liberally sprinkled, him with its water. Charles released Nellie from the corner, and, taking her hand, was about to lead her from the room, when Mr. North stopped their passage. He stood panting for breath, and looked most dia bolical. ?» ' . " You-you damned hound ! you've struck me," he panted. " Will you allow nie to open the door for Miss Grey?" " No, curso you, I wont till you've given me satisfaction. Name your mau and hom", you've struck me, and I'U havo your blood. You-"' Hero Charles caught him by tho throat again, and after a furious strugglo ho succeeded in get ting him out on thc verandah, from whenco ho flung him down the stone steps into tho garden. When he returned he found Nellie in tho drawing room, weeping. He raised her up and tried to dry her tears. " Como, my darling, it's all over. Ho's gone, tho drunken bruto. Ah ! Nellie, that is the worst of Australia-not tho country or its people, but us, tho whites." "Oh! Charlie, Charlie, what will he do to you?" 1 * 'r "What can he do, my pet? Possibly bo a I stumbling stone in our road to fortune, no moro." " But ho spoke of meeting you. You remem ber?" (TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK.) Dinner cards and menus on birch bark are amongst tho latest freaks of fashion. If properly prepared, birch bark is a pretty medium for penoil or pen-and ink drawing. To get it ono must send to northern .New England, so the clifficulty and expense acid to I rarity. 