TEE SPOLIATION OF THE PRO- PAGANDA. LECTURE BY THE BEV. DR. GRABEB. ON Thursday evening, the 36th ultimo, the Bev. Dr. Graber delivered a lecture on " The Spoliation of the Propaganda," to the members of the St. Patriots Branch of the Victorian Gatholio Young Meti's Sooiety. Mr. J. F. Hogan, president of the branob, Occupied the chair, and the lecture was given in the New St. Patriots Hall, Viotoriaparade. The Bev. Dr. Graber, who was received with muoh applause, said:— Gentlemen,—When asked by yotir esteemed and worthy president to say a fefr words to you on a snbjeot of the deepest interest to us all, I need hardly assure you that I naturally demurred. The subject is one whioh has attracted the attention of the whole world, and my wish was that some more worthy person would plaoe the injustice of the Piedmontese Government before you in its moet striking and conclusive points. However, as you have done me the great honour to invite me, and to give me the opportunity of speaking on a question most dear to Catholic hearts, and of protesting against the great wrong and injustice done to Oatholios in depriving them of the property of the Propaganda, I the more willingly embrace it beoause, for the first time in public, I am particularly addreBBing talented young men, who are one day to be the bone and sinew of the Catholic Churoh in Victoria, and who, as natives, sympathise with what direotly and immediately afleotB us most. Gentlemen of the Toung Men's Sooiety, I need hardly remind you that yours is great mission. You are banded together in a eooiety to strengthen eaoh other's faith; to inoite eaoh other to the praotice of virtue; to esoourage eaoh other to literary attainments by your debateB; to beoome useful citizens of the commonwealth; but, above all, to defend your Faith and Churoh when attaoked by those who haVb sworn eternal hatred towards us, and to maintain those privileges we have as oitizens when the deepest interests of our Churoh are coxtoerned. An outrage has been perpetrated against Catholics throughout the whole world by the Italian Government—or, rather, another attack haB been added to the long series of attacks already made against God's Holy Church possessing property which is not attached to any one State but which is Catholic, deriving its income and its property from the whole Catbolio world, is seised upon by a particular State because it pretends to be able to direct the interests of the Church. Gentlemen, unbiassed and unprejudiced, I ask you to consider is suoh an action just. The Catholic Church extends through the world, according to the prophecy of Christ —" Go ye into the whole world, teach the Gospel to every creature ; it is above every nation or principality." It haB one great object always in view—namely, so to perfeot man on earth as to prepare him to receive the reward of the greatest perfection in the next life. In order to attain this Christ has established a power on earth. Thou art Peter, and upon this rook I will build my Church. He gave to Peter and bis sucoesBors in the Chair of Bome, where he had his See, where be died and transmitted to his BuaceBsors to the end of time, sealed with his blood, that power of the keys and of jurisdiction over His Churoh. In other words, the Churoh is a perfeot sooiety or organisation, having all her subjeots ruled over by the Supreme Pontiff, the suooessor of Peter, Leo XIII. But how is it possible for the Holy Father, of himself, to rule the whole Churoh without some aid P We know the interior working of it is carried on by the Holy Ghost, whioh vivifieB it. "Behold I am with you all day to the consummation of the world." But it is likewise an external sooiety, and has its human side in using ordinary prudenoe in human affairs—wherefore are religious orders established andcongregations formed to assist in the great sooiety extensions through the world. The Pope should be independent of any State, he should be untrammelled in bis work and his communication with his subjeots; wherefore you know did he reoeive his temporal posseBsions in the first oenturies, and oon. tinued to hold his patrimony until that sacrilegious usurpation by the Piedmontese Government took place under pretenoe of protecting the Pope from what they were pleased to oall foreign invasion. Gentlemen, it is not my plaoe here to speak against those sooalled Liberal CatholioB who pretend that the temporal possessions are useless to oarry out the business of the Church. But I ask you what was the first of the aots done by the Government when they entered in'66? Was it not the suppression of the religious orders and the oonversion of all their property by laws t Was this the independence they professed when, in '70, they entered the walls of Rome, at the Porte Pia, they guaranteed liberty to the Vioar of Christ P And 200,000,000 of Oatholios oonldnot but protest against this falsehood, Ever slnoe that time the work of spoliation has gone on. They have seized on convents and monasteries, converting them into barraoks for their soldiers, and casting on the streets those oonseorated to God, unless some oharitable hand provided for them; and all this beoause their exohequer was low and they wanted to fill it. Converting this ecclesiastioal property meant a IOBS of 40 per cent, for transfer, land tax, and commission, and a further duty, called the Government Ecclesiastical Fond, of 16 per oent. and upwards, the rent—very little remains to be placed in Government (Italian) bonds, which, gentlemen, no person buys except those who axe oompellsd to do so, wbeihsrthsy like or so. Gentisoen, we see what tbe Government under Victor Emmanuel bad in view, leagued with tbe revolutionary and Carbonari party. They held it dear to undermine Catholicity, and destroy every vestige of religion. If this be not persecution, where shall we go to fiodit? These were aots bad enough, but we have to consider one wbioh beats them all. In passing through Rome of a bright day, in a portion of the city where visitors generally stop, we behold a magnifioent pile of buildings of architectural beauty, and imagining it tc be one of those beantifnl palaoeB we so often meet there, we enter. It is in the Piazza de Spagna, and outside in the oentre of the square is that beautiful oolnmn and statue of the Immaoulate Conception ereoted when the dogma was proclaimed, | having at its base four personages of the Bible who sang and wrote the praises of Mary. Ecclesiastics and lay people are hurrying to and fro intent on business. These are the buildings of the Propaganda. Five planned in the sixteenth oentury by Gregory XIII.; oarried out by Gregory XV., seventeenth century; perfeoted by Urban VII.—who for twenty years so interested himself in it that it is oalled, after him, tbe Urban College of tbe Propaganda—and so beautified and endowed by succeeding Pontiffs and tbe clergy and laity throughout the world that its power was most extensive, and the good it did immense. At the time of its institution missionaries bad to go to parts of the world, where to enforce the lawB of the ordinary or oanon law established for Catholic oountrieB wonld be imprudent, so that this congregation was established, whose main object was to diffiuse the light of the Gospel into missionary countries throughout the whole inhabited world. I daresay more than two-thirds of the world is under its administration, and it is supported by the faithful, who give annually towards it, and by donations, legacies, and bequests left. By its economical working it has always in band some amount, to be able at any moment to come to the aid of thoBe missions which are struggling for existence. It baa landed property from which it derives some of its income for the education of its students and the payment of its officials. This congregation is presided over by the Cardinal Prcfect, assisted by other Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, etc.—clergy remarkable for their sanctity, learning, and the goodoess of their lives. It is divided into four principal portions:—Its Library of 45,000 volumes and most valuable manuscripts, which excite the envy of every nation ; its Museum is com posed of thousands of specimeDB of ancient and modern times, sent there by tbe missionaries—sent by them to all its dependent countries; its Printing-prets, wbioh has printed oateohisms and religious books in every known tongue (dnring the time of tbe Vatican Counoil it printed the Our Father in 250 different languages). And lastly, but not the least, its College for the edaoation of youths for all parts of tbe world. There, Blaoks and Chinese, and Australians, Americans, &o.;, can be seen mingliog together, having all the same object in view. This college supplies Ireland, England, America, Africa, and Australia with its missionaries, who are remarkable for their sanotity and learning wherever they are sent—diHus ing the benign light of the Gospel amongst heathens and idolaters, aod oausing uncivilised nations to beoome civilised. Australia being a missionary country, and, consequently, under the immediate jurisdiction of the Propaganda, has its archbiehopB, and its bishops, and vioar-apostolios all appointed through the congregation of the Holy Father. All the priests, bishops, and archbishops derive their power through the Propaganda from the Pope, and any of us must make his final appeal to the Propaganda; so that, gentlemen, eaoh of us Oatholios here present is interested in this oongregation. We have contributed towards its support, we are under its jurisdiction, and we are dependent on it for our priests, our bishops, and arohbishops. in one word, we are identified with it, and we claim a portion of it as our own. I know not tbe worth of the property of the Propaganda—you oan judge from its constituent partB; but it was sufficient to .exoite the greed of the Italian Government. But where did this money oome from? It oame from the Oatholios distributed throughout the length and breadth of the land. And who were benefited by the missions it established and maintained f And what right has the Italian Government to touch euoh property so obtained P Still it stepB in, and is about to sell this property, and, after deducting about 60 per cent., put the rest into Italian bondB—at present scarcely worth the paper they are printed upon. If the property belonged to Italy—it the amount was contributed by Italians, they oould do with it what they like; it would nob matter to us. Butit belongs to theworld—to the200,000,000 Catholics distributed through the land. It belongs to us Australians, and we should protest against, such a spoliation^; our property. The American bishops established an American college in Bome which was in connection with the Propaganda. They went, together with their people, and _ their Government listened to their complaint, and the Italian Government exempted their land from the proposed sale. Have not all nations the same right to protest P Have not they at heart the justice to be maintained towards their Catholic citizens as well as the Government of the United States P And, if go, we hope they will all unite and avert a dreadful disaster wbioh would befall oivUisation- which would curtail the missionary work of the Catholio Churoh; destroy what the Pro p a. ganda has been doing for two hundred and fifty years-teacbnig morality, instructing the ignorant in the truthsof Christianity, mskinr gSd ddstos tor itwlf and ths Swi ^ J what state will the Pron.,,..^. . . suoh a sale is effectedP^oX £,1? of its college, and the m° sb " w h ^ m the world it will depend for Z Z ^ a small interest to be obtain^ W o f called bond,. It shall ^ t o " n those usurpers of thepaUiXZV t0 Popes It shall be at t£eIZToftW convents, and squandered the iSliotw tier have received from such sources. It ^ f t at the mercy of that unscrup^ unjust Government which hu t already, I believe, tried % c a l l ^ law of guarantees of safety it K a°L £! Holy Father, and which, ge^eVe™^ ing forward to the time when one d« ft JTte, mpumty, try to scale the w.lU the Vatican l and make that worthy head o ' J° ^Pe » a Prisoner in the VatioT The 8 Government says : We give you liberty you oan go through the streets of Borne- bnt thmk you, would the Holy Father sibmU himself to be insulted at the corner of eXv street P WonM he, by his presence, S ledge Prinoe Humbert to b« the Kine of hta Patrimony-the Patrimony of the POM, ? Would he expose himself to be assaulted f (Jentlemun, you must remember a few years ago, when the remains of that Holy Pontiff Pius IX., were being translated from St* Peter s to the Ohuroh of St. Lorenzo, fuori it mure, to avoid a demonstration and prevent a disturbance, the body was to be oarried during the night; very few heard of it, still a few hundred men from the Nantevue and other parts of Rome got torches and joined in the procession. You know what happened that night, or rather that morning—for it wa between one and two o'clock, if I be not mi!- taken—a counter-party well prepared Bnd armed met them, and breaking through the mournful procession, attempted to take the remains from the hearse and cast them into the Tiber. Providence protected them, and they were foiled in their attempt. They would do tho same to-morrow if the Pope went in their midst without protection. Gentlemen, is not this act on the part of the Italian Government justly named a spoliation? It is an iniquitous proceeding, and another act of their system of might over right. It is, you will all agree with me, another instance of tbe consequences of the violent supplantation and succession of the Papal Government by the Italian powers. Gentlemen, we protest against, and designate as unjuBt and infamous, the action of the Italian Government in ordering the seizure and sale of that private property of the. Catholics of the world, and for them held in trust by the congregation of the Propaganda, and pray that the day is not far distant when He who holds tbe destinies of men and nations in His hands will give to His Chnroh again that power so useful for tbe good of His Church, and mete out according to their deserts to those who haveBO wronged it, Throughout and at the close of the leoturo the sentiments expressed were warmly applauded. Mr. J. F. Hogan moved a resolution eonveying the thanks of the meeting to Dr. Graber for his interesting and instructive address. It was a most opportune deliverance, seeing that the recent monstrous decree of the Italian Court was at the present tims arousing Catholic opinion in the old world. Australia should not be dilatory in raising her voice in protest, as perhaps no other quarter of the globe had benefited more in a spiritual sense from the missionary enterprise of the grand institution that WPS now threatened with tyrannical and unjustifiable confiscation. (Applause.) Mr. T. ShortiLl, in seoonding the motion, expressed a hope that Dr. Graber would, on some future dav, deliver another leetureon the same or a kindred subjeot. The motion was oarrried by aoolamstion. Dr. Graber, in acknowledging the vote, said he had not developed the subjeot as amply as he would wish and an its importance demanded. In a few months' time, if the sooiety wished it, he might return to its consideration, and deal with it more exhaustively than he had been able to do that evening. ^Avoteof thanks to the ohairman bronght the meeting to a close. 