PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND." BEECHWORTH. No. III. One of the first questions a stranger so- journing in Beechworth is asked is, "Have you seen the view from 'One Tree' Hill?" The sight from beneath the shade of the old survey landmark is one of the " lions" of the place. On the one hand you see the beauties of the valley, its depths extending far away in the misty distance to the Woolshed. On the other side of the hill the pleasant township is spread out beneath your feet. Looking over this you see the giant Bogong, silent and majestic, rearing aloft his snow- capped peak. Down his sides are ravines filled with snow, which appear from here but as narrow fleecy rivers flecking his bosom. Around Beechworth on all sides are hills verdant with foliage. As a relief to their green hues houses peep out here and there, venerable with weather stains or radiant in new red brick. The upturned red and brown earth of the old alluvial diggings lends colour and variety to the landscape. The tower of the Post-office is the centre of the picture. 'The church like tone of its clock striking the hour can just he heard faintly floating on the breeze. Seen from the lull the ever changing effects of light and shadow which play upon Beechworth are most pleasing. The indolent little town never looks better than when the sun touches it with a Midas' finger brighten- ing it with golden tints. Its close vicinity to the mountains, perhaps, accounts for the beauty of the clouds which often canopy it. A painter need never return home, as some do, with a fine picture minus a sky. Nature here supplies ad libitum what many an artist evolves from his inner conscious- ness within the precincts of his studio. His sketch-block, if he sits but for a short time on one of the moss-covered slabs of granite need not be barren for a sky. The facilities for sketching from nature around Beech- worth are very numerous. It is surprising that the young ladies of the district have not formed an outdoor sketching club, as an accessory to their musical accomplishments. I saw some fine oil and crayon studies by a lady amateur during my sojourn in Beech- worth, but they were exceptional. Other- wise, the only art-curiosities here are some wonderful old prints of the Hogarthian type at one of the hotels. I do not know whether the natives of Beechworth sufficiently appre- ciate the neighbourhood of their birth. Custom may have made the picturesque pro- saic to them. But to those fresh from the hurrying throng of Melbourne the Auburn- like solitude in civilisation, as experienced at the One Tree Hill, gives a calm delight not soon forgotten. Leaving the survey tree I climb up an immense boulder of granite near to the "Robber's Cave." The stone is of a coarse grain, and crumbles and breaks away in pieces as I gain the top. The rock is poised on the edge of the hill. The slightest touch would appa- rently send it rolling to the bottom of the valley. There is a steep fall below amongst broken granite and fallen timber. To the left is the "Robber's Cave." It is a curious work of Nature. Two large boulders support another, while a smaller one fills up the space inthe front, leaving an entrance, thus forming a rude but complete cave. In front, growing in a crevice out of a block of solid granite more than 7ft. high, is a stunted spe- cimen of the sheoak. It is marvellous how trees live here upon this rocky ground. In places there is but the slightest sprinkling of soil, such as you would fancy the first rain would wash off, leaving the rock exposed, yet the trees grow, though they cannot be said to flourish. The sight from the top of this boul- der is worth the climb. Beneath the gaze ex- tending seven miles away, are the deserted workings of the famous Woolshed gold-field. Where the noise and life of 20,000 men once filled the air a few miserable Chinamen now exist. It is passing strange how the Celestial race haunt old diggings, like carrion birds hovering around their prey. The golden lore of former mining greatness exer- cises a peculiar effect upon this heathen race. They turn and re-turn, wash and re-wash old alluvial workings, hoping to find a precious speck left by lucky and careless diggers. Near the huts belong- ing to the Chinese is the white arch of a bridge, spanning Reid's Creek. Upon the flat on the site of the Woolshed young scrub has grown to such an extent that old greybeards say that "Woolshed bosses" would not know the place where they made their piles. Down the valley at the present time there is a blue smoke-like fog, such as I have often noticed in these hills. As the midday sun shines it rises and melts away. That it is due to the scrub on either side of thehills is evident from the fact that it is only observed between wood-clad gorges. Beyond this mist, over yonder steep hill, was the hut in which Aaron Sherritt was killed. It is a very lonely spot, and "eke a one" for such a deed. The hut has since been burnt down. In the bed of the valley Reid's Creek twists and twines in serpentine curves till it is lost to sight in the bush. Viewed from here, the foliage resembles some distant sea. Of the tree trunks little can be seen, save, perchance, the white, ghost-like skeleton of some giant gum which has in years back been "rung." Descending One Tree Hill, we cross a little rustic bridge, under which a brook babbles, on to Reid's Creek below. A Chinaman is here gathering and washing watercress, which he tells me he will sell to the inhabitants of "Little Bourke- street" at three half pence a bunch. "Little Bourke-street" is the local name for a Chinese camp on the other side of the Rocky Moun- tain Company's wash-dirt patches. It well deserves the name! Turning around to the right we cross Reid's Creek, and follow a well-beaten track along its bank en route to the Falls. The path winds with the stream. Here and there we pass a deserted house, crumbling with age or falling with neglect. Small fields are beside these ruined dwellings, partly enclosed by rotten fences. These old places tell their own tales. They were erected in the early days, when all was couleur d'or. They be- longed to miners with families, who utilised them as homes while they themselves were miles away, working down the valley. As we proceed the country becomes more broken, and walking is difficult. Scrambling through a clump of scrub, we discover a plot of ground under cultivation. A rude fence surrounds a more rustic habitation. The fence is made of split logs roughly tied together with thin strips of wattle-bark. In front of the door of the hut, which is built of large slabs of bark, tin, and other rubbish, there is a great heap of charcoal. This is the charcoal burner's home. It revives memories of European forests. I give a loud "Coo-ee!" which awakes echoes among the granite rocks around, but there is no answering call. The charcoal burner is out fossicking in the creek, by which he adds a little to the humble store he makes by selling charcoal at 2s. per bag. Leaving his hut on the left, we climb over slippery boulders, dodge boughs, and avoid logs all the way to the falls. At the top of most of the granite which just shows itself on the surface a small spring usually bubbles, sending clear water trickling amongst the moss which covers it. The re- sults of an incautious step upon this may be guessed; I cannot say I altogether admire it. As we approach the fallils the path becomes steeper, and the descent more dangerous in consequence of the presence of these springs. When once down the treacherous sides of the bank the water in Reid's Creek is seen toss- ing, tumbling, and dashing over the slippery slabs and projecting rocks which form the bed of the stream. The height of this fall is variously estimated at from 400ft to 500ft. There is not enough water in pro- gress to enable me to see the sight to its full advantage. But the body which races over these falls at the time of a flood must be immense. On either side of the bank I could see waterworn stones, which would make the stream at this place about four yards wide during flood-time. This fall made the work upon the Woolshed much easier than it wouldotherwisehave been The impetus gained here is maintained far below the falls. The country around is very wild and cheerless. A few mosses and lichens trail from the rocks, and wave adieu to every passing breeze. Stunted as the trunks of the trees are, their leaves and boughs partake of the same characteristic. Yet this is a favourite resort of holiday- makers and pleasure-seekers. Like the schoolboys at the blacksmith's forge, they love to see the water pitch and hurl itself with a roar down the rocks. To see the falls properly, however, one must creep to the edge of the stream, a task fraught with some danger and considerable trouble. It reminds me of the time when, in the manner of the serpent, I looked into the gorge below Govett's Leap. As if to show her bounty, Nature has placed within 20 yards of Reid's Falls a curiosity in stone. A Frenchman named Dubions, once visiting the falls, wandered a little from the beaten path and discovered, placed upon two other large stones, a piece of granite shaped like a head. He named the stone "'The Sphinx." It is about 8ft. in length by 4ft. in breadth. At the top of the sphinx the granite overlaps in such a manner as to form a slight resemblance to a "granny cap." The root of the nose starts directly below the cap, and goes half-way down the face. The nose is flat, with a comical curl up at the bottom, which by imaginative people may appear to portray the nostrils. One eye is an excellent imitation of the natural organ but the other is not so well defined. The mouth is what is called "speaking feature." 'The lips are parted, and between them is the semblance of a tongue. From the lower lip, which is of a fair rosebud shape, the length of the chin almost equals that of the nose. Dubions coloured the eyes, mouth, and chin, thus add- ing more humour to Nature's strange freak. all around the sphinx, written and painted upon the granite in the real caddish Anglo- Saxon style, are the names of persons who have visited the spot. Beneath, and under the shade of the rocks, are the last evidences of many a picnic feast. Tins which once con- tained preserved meats, and bottles which once held British and Beechworth beer, are scattered about in wild confusion. There have been few picnics here lately. It is long since merry laughter mingled with the noise of the falls. A dog who is with us starts on the slope above me an affrighted rabbit, and courses it with many a bark up the hill. There are, happily, not a great number of bunnies about here. The granite formations do not favour the growth of sweet grasses or savoury herbs. Much less, apparently, does Nature here favour the production of the grape, yet on the left side of Reid's Creek there is a vineyard where, I am told, they make good wine. Situated in the position it is, it just catches the warm rays of the morning sun, which give life and bloom to the vine. Stanley, situated on the Nine Mile Creek, county of Bogong electorate of the Ovens, is 186 miles north-east of Melbourne, and six miles from Beechworth. In the township are Episcopal, Wesleyan, Catholic, and Pres- byterian places of worship. There is a state school with an average attendance of 148. For public buildings Stanley possesses a court-house, police camp, a temperance- hall, and an Athenaeum, with a free library con- taining 2,280 volumes. Situated as Stanley is, on the northern slope of the Dingle range, and owing to its height above the sea-level (2,400ft.), snow storms are frequent in winter, and it is colder than Beechworth. Mount Stanley (height 3,444ft.), which lies about four miles south-east, is a favourite place of resort for picnic and pleasure parties, the view from its summit being a magnificent one. The state forest here supplies Beech- worth district with timber, giving employ to several saw-mills. Alluvial and quartz mining is carried on, the formation being lower silurian. The population of the town- ship is not 300, but the district around, I am informed, supports at least 1,000. Beech- worth is the natural centre of Stanley and its dependencies, and two coaches run to and fro daily. But they leave at unearthly and inconvenient hours, so I drive thither, escorted bv a friend who knows the country well, in a buggy belonging to my host, a descendant of Irish kings whom an unkind fate has brought down to dispensing whisky to an unappreciative pub- lic, who do not, so ho complains, drink enough of it for his profit. We drive across the bridge, round to the left, with the Rocky Mountain workings below us, the Benevolent and Lunatic asylums on the hill to the right. We pass through "Little Bourke-street" where the Chinese have taken unto them selves many daughters of the land as wife or mistress. There are several good stores, and John at his house door, warmly cla, seems in good case. From the bridge over Spring Creek there is a gradual ascent, in some places becoming steep, and a hard tug for our horse. We are soon in the bush, the primeval forest is all around. T he gum trees are the same as before the horse of the first shepherd or stockman rode over the Mayday- hills station. These trees may be in some places enclosed into paddocks, but there are other and more formidable evidences of man's encroach. On every hand one sees ditches and races, water brought from the hills to the lower workings, or the waste from other claims above. There seems a plentiful supply, at least from our no- tions derived on barren plains. But these dwellers on the hills require an overflow. The workings in the sluicings in the bed of the creek around Beechworth consume hun- dreds of thousands of gallons. There has not been much rain lately, and miners tell me that this a bad season. With running streams, and foliage and grass fresh and verdant it seems very strange to hear this complaint of want of rain. However, I am lucky in having such a fine season for mv sojourn in the hills. When I get into another district Beechworth has my heartfelt wishes for a downpour. We pass a roadside pub, two or three selectors houses, and some ruddy school children. On the top of the hill, where there IB a patch of table land, one turns to the lett towards Lake Kerferd Beechworth s re servoir is formed by a gully dammed up by a bi¿h embankment Trom thence the w ater is taken through iron pipes to the filter bed at the back of the Asylum hill Very good water it is too, though for prudential reasons I have not imbibed much of it One must be careful in the matter of Btrange drinks i do not know thatit was a great compliment to the 'father ot ministries and of a fcood deal of Beechworth, to name this re 8ervoir after him There is nothing parti cularly picturesque in it But then as thf greatest good desired by Beechworth in the old days was a plentiful supply of water-not for internal consumption, be it clearly under stood-it was nodoubt fitting that the memory of the ?veteran member should be thus per potuated Lake Kerferd is filled by numerous springs which rise on this summit and by the draimngs from the higher land around At present, howev er, the water is very low lhe landing stage, which is supposed to run from the boathouse into the lake, is high and dry Owing to the want of rain, the Rocky Mountain and other companies have been compelled to bu) water from the lake to supplement the supply in their own races But, low though it be, there is no danger of the supply falling short lhere are some wild ducks in the centre ot the lake, but waterfowl, so my companion tells me, are scarce around Beechworth Hares, on the contrary, have increased considerably, and are considered by the selectors about here to be a greiter nuisance than the rabbits, which have been kept under Thcie are a number of Bmall selections around Hurdle Hats, it little hamlet on the other side of Lake Kerferd There arc several reefing claims in the neighbourhood of Hurdle I lats, and quart/ crushing mills driven both by water and steam Hie Btate schoolhouse here seems very well attended , the sight of tho children trooping out with their books and bags fii route to their homes, dotted about in the bush all around pleases me greatly In this, my present pilgrimage through Victoria, there is nothing arouses my admiration so much as these same stat« schools, and the manner in which they arc attended The boys who help their young sisters along the roods, the girls exchanging childish con- fidences by the wayside, the wealthier lads who come from longer distances, and ride occasionally in a moat breakneck manner, give a mount for a time to a less fortunate schoolmate-all these, the future inheritors of the land, whose pros- perity their fathers have made, 1 greet ra i a patriarchal manner which, perhaps, astonishes but pleases them. All children like to be noticed, and I like to notice all children 1 have often thought that the happiest hour of the day to tho village black, smith must have been when tho children coming home from school looked in upon lum at his work I am sure that he ox changed mam u laugh and many a jest with them as they watched the play of his brawny arms We take the bush road again On ever) side one sees the remains of sluicing opera tiona, Borne recently worked, some long since disbanded, moss and ferns covering the rocks and Btones upheaved by mon-Nature again osssertmg her sway. Tho number of races which we pass show the great amount of labour expended in this district-labour which the hopeful ones in Beechworth BO) will yet bear its reward in the aftermath of prosDent) which is at hand This richly wooded country, the abundant supply of water races, and the workings dotted about m the bush or on the hillside, remind mo very much of the West Coast of New Zea- land Change the eucaljptus for the pine, and throw in a little more of the tropical luxuriance of creeper and undcrgrow th which one sees in Maori land, and I could imagine ni)self near Ross, Hokitika, or Kumara. There is a rise all the wa) from Beechworth of more that 700ft to the hills which sur round tne little valley in which Stanley is situated It is nestled in a hollow, through which Snake Creek runs on its wa) to the lower levels at Beechworth, the Wool shed, and Eldorado, becoming cn )oi//c Spring Creek and Reids Creek In the early da)S this was known as Snake Valley Underuny name it is one of the most charming little townships imaginable 'Ihero are good streets in Stonie), good Billowalks, with Lng hsh trees planted here mid there , there Are pleasant porches to the houses, the red brick buildings which one sees giv ing coloui to the landscape It is quite respectable and order!), although there is no resident clergyman, priest and p istor coming luther from Beech worth on stated occasions One cannot lmngine that here in Stinic) there were ever wild or/ics and excesses in which the "Woolshed bosses" often indulged 'lins senate air wnicn mis my lungs in Niamey is caused, I presume, by its being essentially a bcotch township , people of that race ever take their whisky disereetlv, and, as it wer under sanction of the Kuk But in the many cabins in the hills round about this township, m the claims hidden in the forest, there has occurred man) a îomance, many a sketch might be written ot picturesque incidents in the lives of comrades who mated together lirst sought and fought in the «juggle for gold lhe old men, the Scotch merchant, the brilliant chemist, the baker, the rival innkeepers, all vic with each other in telling me talcs of byegone times, and they also beg me to tarr) amongst them for some da) s and bear record to their pre sent prosperity For the bottom is not }et out of things m Stanley and the neighbourhood, although it has suffered very severely from the failure of the Oriental Bank It is only around Beech worth that one can fully recognise the disaster caused bj such an event 1 he tiades people here who had made their modest "piles," someof rather goodl} dimensions, are now, if not embarrassed, at least straightened 1 or a nuning community where there aro not many large companies, but men who take up and own claims often work the same them selv es, there has been a more general loss than would otherwise havo been the case It is the same I understand, all down the Ovens Valley as far as Harrietville lhe namo of Oriental is accursed in this dis trict Here in Stanley they mark a cross in the road against the door, and spit on it in contempt and derision Really it is very hard to lose one s earnings in this way I w is once a very considerable sufferer in like manner mjsclf, and I full) Bjinpatlnse vv ith the j oung miners' outpourings of w rath at th« fact of their gold deposited in the bank being taken out ol the district without any compensation being made to them, whilst the) are called upon to pay up at once on) liabilities thej may have incurred " It's ii law abiding community," so)8 the one legged innkeeper to me, who is a celebrity in the district, ""but for thnt the gold would never have been allowed to leave here " "If it had been in California," Bays another, " they would have burst open the doors und taken their ow n " I quite agree with my friend that if such a calamity had taken place m the outl)ing mining campa on the Pacific Slope the free and independent citizens would most piobobly have resented the out íage by an appeil to Judge Ljnch and a general attempted sacking ot the banks But I have suflicient faith in the 'cutcness of Californian bank managers and cashiers to be sure that ever) ounce of gold would be sifeh stored in the strong rooms in San Frin ciHCO before the failureof the institution vvasal lowed to become know n 1 he indignant popu lace might certainly avenge this premeditated slight upon their honour bj hanging the local cashiers, foi which pioceeding they would have many apologists 'Hint in the Ovens district the working miners have endured their recent losses in the culm manner the) have done isa met which entitles thcin to high respect lhe) have sufiered, lindare Btiong under their Bulleringa Not that here thcie has been an) thing like the distress caused m 1 ngland by the fnilurc ot the Glasgow Bank It is a sign ol the prospent) ol the Ovens distnct when the inhabitants generally can st tnd such a blow "Put nut jour trust in bankers," na)s my Prtsbj terian friend, and I quite agree with him ' But we are not killed )ct, he con tmues 'I lie) are a long wa), indeed, from the bottom .it Stanlev by the reports given to me Up on the lull side they show me the ¿oeit'c of the "Young Victoria' claim, where four joung natives have just "struck it rich" lliey have, on iltt, 70ft down, got to the ieef, the real matrix ol the alluvial gold found about here lhe} have got do/, to 10o/. to the dish, every handful ut dirt is precious .So night and day the claim is guarded by the mmeis with rillcB and revolvers, and visitors are not encouraged, tor fear the) should toke uwuv an) ot the auriferous soil in their finger nails 1 he father of one of the young men, a native of bwit/prland, shows me some wonderfully rich specimens ot quart?, and asserts that the bo)a mean to work it all themselves 'Hie) will allow no other finger in the golden pie lins recentBhce of luck -vhich has fallen on a few has revived the hopes of oil the miners around Stanley "Why cannot others be as successful '" I am aeked I give it up lins is onl) another instance of the lottcrj of gold seeking These )ouths have wealth thrust upon them in a manner as unloolted foras if gold had rained down from heaven No , 1 ara wrong Every miner looks for ward to some day Btriking such a patch In that is the fascination ot their calling The traditions of the early da)8 of the Woolshed are still in high repute, and charm the minds of unluckyones on the Ovens '1 hey know that onl) one man in a thousand-nje. in ten thousand-has such a chance , but why may notony individual be that one1 I give it up again The race of life is to the swat, the buttle of existence is to the strong, but wealth is not alvwi.is to the worthiest for mysell, if I invest in a mine it is bound to burst up, nnd if my principles would allow me to bet on a steeplechase, I should not do so, as I feel sure any horse I backed would fall and kill its rider, and I should ho the accessory to manslaughter But I do not attempt to check the roseate tinge of our conversation There is no reason whv btanley and Beechworth district generally should not be more prosperous, and so, whilst the juice of the barley Hows in our glasses, I drink with my entertainers to pre sent prosperity and a wealthy future Some six miles from the townsnip one arrives at the summit of Mount Stanley It is possible to drive or ride to the top but line wci'thcr and an experienced companion arc necessary I cannot, unfortunately, for want of these, make the ascent From the top ot tins mountain there is a magnillcent view of the whole country around Beech worth, of the Alps, the Dividing and Strath bogie Hanges, the plains of the Ovens and King Valleys, and far northward to Snowy Creole and the Mitta Mitta. The ascent of Mount Stanley is one which everyone visiting the district should undertake when possible. I am also unable to visit the mining township of Hillsborough, six miles further on, where from the gap in the ranges one obtains, I am told, most picturesque views of the lower country Near Hills borough there are many quartz claims, one noted reef, "The Homeward Bound," having a tramway a mile long to convey the stone to the mill at Sutton, a hamlet situated at the foot of the Dingle Range. Trips to these places will naturally be taken by any one visiting Beechworth during holiday time, for in these hills they will get exercise and health, and find "mens sana in corpore sano." 