CONSECRATION OF BISHOP MOORE. The consecration of Monsignor Moore as Bishop of Ballarat was solemnised on Sunday morning last in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Bal larat. Long before ten o'clock, the hour appointed for the commencement of the solemnities, the church was filled to reple tion, and late comers had to content them selves with stan~ding room in the aisles, which by ten o'clock'were filled. The congregation comprised members of various denominations, as well as visitors from all parts of the country. Bishop Moore, who has ministered in the district surrounding Ballarat for many years, is the first bishop who has been conse crated in Victoria. The ceremonies, which were of a most imposing and solemn charac ter,'were commenced by a procession of acolytes, who marched down the central aisle, each holding a censer in his hand. The ceremony was performed by Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, who was assisted by several leading members of the clergy. In addition to the clerical members a large number of laymen were present, including Messrs N. Fitzgerald, M.LC.; J. G Duffy, M.LA. ; Judge Trench, Mr W. H. Archer, the mayor and ex-mayor of the city, the city councillors and representatives of the town council The church was tastefully deco aated with floral and other adornmehts. The railing of the chancel bore the inscription .Deo Gratias, worked in ivy leaves, and the back wall of the chancel was similarly orna mented. The musical portion of the ceremony was carried out in a most creditable manner, the solos and trios being rendered with excel lent taste and feeling. High Mass having been celebrated, the bishop elect was led to the altar, and after being sprinkled with holywater, the ceremony of laying hands upon him was performed by Archbishop Goold. After he was fully ad mitted to the sacred office Bishop Moore went down the central aisle of the church bestowing his blessing upon the congregation as he passed. He was preceded by Dr. Corbett, and accompanied by the Bishops of Adelaide and Hobart. The Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., preached a sei~ mon from John, tenth chapter 11 verse : " I am the Good Shepherd; the Good Shepherd giveth his life for the sheep." He referred to the fitness and beauty of the figure of the Good Shepherd as impersonated by Christ, and showed the necessity for unceasing watchfulness and tender solicitude. There were times in life when the image presented to the eye of the believer, who could see the glance of God's watchful eye, and count the throbbings of a secret heart, and this was such an occasion. Did not his hearers be lieve and feel that Jesus Christ was there, and did it not seem to them that they heard the sound of the words uttered eighteen centuries ago in Gallilee, " Therefore teach all the world, and behold I am with you even to the consummation of the world," or that well known sentence uttered by the Redeemer, "On the rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not pre vail against it " He who spoke these words was the real author and the invisible worker of that solemn ceremony which had just been witnessed. The archbishop and several bishops of the Roman Catholic Church had imposed hands on a priest who kneeled be fore them, and said, in the words of St. Paul, " Receive thou the Holy Ghost." What that solemn act and that solemn invocation intended was in truth effected. The Holy Ghost did come down, enter into the soul, and place upon it the indelible mark, which originally Jesus Christ placed upon the souls of the Apostles. Upon the rising of him who knelt, those who had imposed hands upon him welcomed him in the name of the Catholic episcopate, of which body he was from that hour a member. The imposition of hands took place in the name of Jesus Christ, acting through his vicar, the successor of St. Peter, the Sovereign PontiffPope Leo XIII. Jesus Christ had placed over the people a man after His own heart, burning with zeal for his Master's work and the salvation of souls. The Catholics of Ballarat, who had known Bishop Moore for so many years, would rejoice that he was thenceforth to be their chief pastor. His past life and words were a sufficient testimony that he would worthily represent Jesus Christ, and he is inthetrue sense of the term a good shep herd. That day Bishop Moore had dedicated his life to his people, for by his connection he was wedded to the Ballarat church by an in dissoluble bond, and he was prepared, if necessary, to give his life for his people in the literal meaning of the words of Jesus Christ "The go;od shepherd giveth his life for the sheep." He would not speak at greater length upon the qualities of the bishop, but would ask the congregation to turn their attention to that venerable body who governed the Roman Catholic Church-the most venerable that ever existed on the earth -and the knowledge of the position of the Catholic Church, its privileges, and its duties, must necessarily fill the minds of the people with veneration for those who had this epis copal charactercast upon them. The Catholic episcopate was the Divine origin, which was its first title to veneration; and secondly, it was appointed to guard the deposit of faith received from Christ, and to maintain that unity of faith which was the glorious privilege of the Catholic Chur..h. In the third place the Catholfc episcopate was worthy of venera tion on account of the testimony which all I ages had given in its favor. The Catholic episcopate had throughout all ages promoted true progress and civilization, and the mem bers of it had shed lustre on their order, and had glorified God and His church by learning by sanctity and by suffering. The episcopate never died; it was unlimited, both as to time and place, and the formation of the Catholic church and her constitution was the result of the direct action of God. The Redeemer said to the first Bishop, "As My Father hath sent Mie, I also send you," and it followed from this passage and others of similar import that the episcopal order was one of divine origin. The deposit of faith included all truths re vealed in Holy Scripture and tradition, and the bishopswere the guardians of these truths, The decisions of such a body as the (Ecumen ical Council were free from the possibility of error, because the Holy Spirit was in that council, and the decisions of such a body were to be received as coming from God Himself. All history in the truesense gave its testimony in favor of the Episcopate-that was history which was the result ofthe profound study of learnedmen who devotedthemselvesto the dis coveryof truth. Inpast ages, wLichwereina certain sense agesof blood, warfarewasalmost then the normal state, but it came to pass that kings, princes, nobles and knights on certain days put aside their swords and helmets, and' enjoyed a truce the truce of God. This cessation from hostilities was due to the action of the Catholic episcopate, and they could attribute to the same agency the mercy which was found in warfare in our own days, when it was not characterised by the savage ferocity of the middle ages. The episcopate had received glory-lasting and eternal glory-from holy and learned men who be longed to the order; and if they turned their minds to ecclesiastical history they would find that these great men, who were styled doctors of the church, belonged almost entirely to the order. These men were raised up by the Holy Ghost to be the guardians of their holy conditions, singled out from the number of bishops on account of their learning prepared by the Holy Ghost to be witnesses; and their witnesses of the present day were the works they had left behind them. Others of the episcopate order had sanctified the church by their sufferings, and the number of these martyrs was so great that, like the stars inthe firmament, one could not be distin guished from another. The preacher, in con clusion, turning to Bishop. Moore, said : "My Lord, in the name of your people I con gratulate you on this auspicious day. When you look around you on your people, your clergy, the Sisters of Mercy, the Christian Brothers, the masters and mistressesof schools throughout your diocese ; when you see the young grow up in piety, when you see the old prepared for death, you have reason to thank God for being elected to look after the lives and souls of your people. You have a people worthy of love strong in the faith, who will obey you, and be subject to you in Christ, knowing that you have to render to God an account of their souls. You have reason to bless God for the work. He has given to you, and throughout your life you will find consolation, praise and joy in performing that work. When St. Absolom and Thomas A'Beckett ascended the throne of Canterbury, we may be assured that the spirit of the first archbishop, St. Augustine, was there, and looked with complacency on their promotion; and even so we may believe that the first Bishop of Ballarat is here in spirit to-day, and that upon the throne to which God has raised him for his zeal and good works in this world his heart is filled with satisfaction, and that he looks forward to the day when he may meet his successor in that blessed kingdom. May that delay be long delayed; may you be long kept here, to labor for the people of Ballarat. Merit that crown of glory which Jesus Christ, the just judge, has laid by as well for the faithful people as for the faithful pastor." The cermony then concluded. 