THE SINKING OP THE EABTH'S CBUST. The extreme sensitiveness of the earth's crust to any changes in the distribution of weight upon its surface is, however, best' ex emplified by those local depositions and re movals of matter which hare attracted more general attention at the present day. The chie£ of these is the transfer of matter by river action to large tracts, and its accumu lation in such limited areas as plains, estua ries, deltas. Borings of 400 to 500 feet have shown that these often consist of long suc cessions of slits which alternating layers of shells and of vegetable matter prove to have been deposited at or near the sea-level, and the Wealden and eocene formation in the British area show that such accumulations exceed 1,000 feet in thickness. In the case of deltas, subsidence most keep pace almost foot by foot with the accumulation, and be confined to the area over which the sediment is baing deposited, for any more rapid subsidence would check its growth and convert it into an estuary. This sinking is apparently of universal occurrence. A similar instance of the transfer of weight from larger areas and its precipitation on a very circumscribed area is seen in coral atolls and reefs. The expla nation of their-formation given by Darwin re quires a gradual subsidence keeping pace with their growth, which takes place within twenty fathoms of the surface only. This theory, simple and admirable as it is, account ing satisfactorily for all the observed phenomena of coral growth, has been contested by Mr. Murray, who has shown that atolls might be merely incrustations of volcanic peaks. But his theoiy seems improbable by contrast, for it demands 290 volcanic peaks at the sea level in the Pacific coral area alone, every foot of which has been completely concealed by coral growth, though few volcanic craters are known so near the sea-level outside this area. We seem thus to have in coral growths another evidence of subsidence keeping pace with the increase of weight, sometimes, as soundings prove, to a depth of 1,000 feet or more. The replacement of a column of sea water 106 fathoms in depth, by a column of limestone, would increase the pressure per fathom from 619| tonB to 1,487 tons, so that it is easy to realise how vast must be the in creased pressure on such an area as that oc cupied by the great reef of Australia, 1,250 miles long and 10 to 20 miles abroad. The sands, gravels, and clays, with marine shells and erratie boulders, prove that a great sub mergence took place during the glacial period, while Europe was under an ice- sheet 600 feet ■ thick in Norway, and diminishing to 1,600 in Central Germany. The extent of the submer gence has been perhaps understated at 600 feet in Scandinavia, and wa9 at least 1,350 in Wales. A corresponding re-elevation accom panied the disappearance of the ice. It has often been supposed that the sinking of the west coast of Greenland is similarly dae to its ice-cap. Nature. A Spiritualist Nonplussed.—An amusing defeat of the American spiritualist, Mr. Baa tiao, is announced from Vienna, where for some time the eminent medium lias been the cause of much discussion among the higher and highest classes of society. The Crown Prince of Austria and Archduke John, having determined to sound the mysteries of Mr. Bastian's art, arranged three seances at the Archduke's residence. The first was held without any revelations, but before the second meeting began preparations were secretly made to catch the ghost in a trap. After the select audience had gathered in a dimly lighted room a spirit clad in a garb of mourning silently entered, while the medium was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fast asleep. This room was separated from that in which the audience was assembled by a curtained doorway through which the ghost passed. In this entrance the conspirators, however, had fixed a secret door, whicli they could shut silently and instantly by touching a spring. While the mournful ghost was flitting before the awe struck assembly, this door wtfB suddenly shut, and the ghost, who stood revealed as Mr. Bastian, vainly endea vored to make his escape. The merr iment of the company knew no bounds when (he me dium's shoes alone were found in the next room where a few moments before Mr. Bas tian had been lying in mesmeric sleep. The depression in spiritualistic cireles is naturally very great. Peels Yotjwg Again.—"My mother was afflicted a long time with neuralgia and a dull, heavy, inactive condition of the whole system, headache, nervous prostration, and was almos helpless. No physicians or medicines did her any good. Three months ago she began to us Hop Bitters, with such good effect that she seems and feels young again, although over seventy years old."—A Lady in R. I. Look up. Doctobs Gate Him Up.—" Is it possible that Mr. Godfrey is up and at work, and cured by so simple a remedy ?" " I assure you it is true that he is entirely cured, and with nothing but Hop Bitters, and only ten days ago his doctors gave him up and said he must die." "Well-a day! If that is so I will go this minute and get some for my poor Greorge. I know hops are good." Read. Out cf a population of one million and a quarter in Madagascar, 250,000 children attend Christian schools. 