Laying- on of Hands in Gawler. • The doctors' occupation is not yet gone, and those who intend to follow that honor* able calling may take heart, for it is evident that as yet no one has arisen to rob them of their lucrative practices. It was only natural that there should be a large audience on the occasion of Mr. Wood's visit to Gawler, and though on Monday evening last the Institute Hall was crowded, we believe had not' there been some misunderstanding as to the actual day he would be in the town, the room would have been crammed to its utmost capacity. We must confess that we ware sceptical of the results of Mr. Wiood'e mission iu Gawler, because for a mau. to-deliberately get up and state that '.'over two thousand persons iu Adelaide bad been blessed" is on the first blush a very remarkable statement; and iu the face of. the conflicting reports that had appeared we could not " take it all as gospel," for if, out of that number 50 per cent, were taken off Mr. Wood would be a wonderful man. About 8 o'clock the captain of the local corps of the Salvation Army gave out a hymn aud the chorus, " Welcome Home," was taken up with spirit. Then the Captain prayed for faith, and two or three sisters followed in the same strain, after which Mr. Wood prayed " that the people might see that Jesus was the Great Physician, the healer of l>ody as well as of souL" The Rev. Mr. Shorthose next read the ix. chapter of St. John. Another hymn, and then came the coilectioM, and Mr. Wood came forward aud said he had no part or lot whatever in the matter. He never received any money, and the collection was simply to defray expenses. After'all these preliminaries had been gone through Mr. Wood came forward aud announced his text from the xi. chapter of St. Mark, commencing at the 11th verse. He commenced by stating that every promise of God was based on faith, aud they could not receive any blessing or benefit from God without that principle. At the very outset he wauted them to understand that the blessiug of healing was based on the same principle as that of the Salvation of the soul. As they were saved through faith in Christ, •o were those healed who had faith to believe, aud that fact was being testified to by at least 2,000 persons in Adelaide. In respect to "healing, the question naturally arose, "Is there a promise in God's word that the sickness of the body should be taken away i" .He said emphatically, yes. He then referred to Mark xv., 15th verse, and also to 1st Corinthians, xii. chapter, and proceeded to say that iu the third aud fourth centuries they found miracles by the laying on of hands very frequent, but faith became weak; although God had never left himself without a witness. The prayer of faith was quite distiuct from the laying-on of hands for the recovery of the eiek. The gift of laying-on of hands wax a direct beatowment of the Holy Ghost upon the _ person to impart the gift, and was given by God himself; and as far as he knew there was only one -person besides himself that had beeu endowed by God for the layiug on of hands since the third century; and during his mission in South Australia over 2,000 people had beert blessed; some completely re to re. i to health aiid pt'-engtii, mid other;? in a fair way of retiowry. tii nd instance thitt lie had known when God's conditions had beeu complied with hud there been a failure. He then referred to the reports of what he had said re smoking, and explained what he intended to say, that a child of God had no right to smoke. They were the temple of God and should not defile that teuiple. Mr. Wood then proceeded to say that no matter what complaiut those who presented themselves had, that would be healed if they exercised the same faith in Christ as the healer as they did as the Saviour ; and the proofs of his (Mr. Wood) ministry were that over 3,000 persons had been healed in bodyas well as getting the higher blessing. Very few of the ministers received him, for they would not come dowu aud get the blessing, but the Salvation Army soldiers came and got the blessing. Referring to the conflicting reports he said he had nothiug to do with the papers. Tiiey bad their own reporters, and they gave their own conception of the work, and he wished all the reporters were converted. Mrs. MOR«.VK then gave evidence that she had been suffering from heart disease for twenty years but had been completly healed by Mr. Wood. The Rev. Mr. SHOKTIIOSE then made long and rambling statement, attacking the ministers, who he said were not consecrated, or God would use them. The audience at last got so tired of Mr. Shorthose's remarks that they gave very audible signs of weariness. Several persons went on to the back of the stage to get healed, and during this time a sort of inipromtu meeting was held, but the boys at the back gettiug a little unruly Mr. Shorthose came to the rescue with a most excitable speech, beseeching the young men to " Beware'." for God was a God of vengeance as well as of mercy. Several Salvation Army soldiers addressed the meeting, and the scene was both ludicrous aud painful. One person so far forgot the origiual as to say, *' By faith Cain killed Abel," and other equally absurd things were said. Mr. Shorthose too, whilst professing to have the higher blessing exhibited questionable taate in his utterances, which we are iuclined to think merit the rebuke, " Physician, heal thyself." Several who had been in to get healed now re-appeared, and we spoke to them, and whilst in the excitement of tVe moment they were led to believe they were better, appearances went against them, and : not the slighest improvement appeared to have taken place. We confess we are " short of faith" ou the matter, and speaking seriously regret that such an exhibition should take place which was not at all calculated to raise the religious tone of the town. We are, however, pleased to find the public are taking a rational view of the question, and that very much more conclusive evidence will have to be adduced before they believe that Mr. Wood has the gift he talks about. For ourselves we are free to state that we don't believe he has. 