Tales and Sketches. THE. GHOST AT THE GRANGE. ttfrpBl -Ihe Cbriftmna Kumber o€ ∨,tlcm Soci-ty^ y ■ N— ' A very likely story)' I exclaimed. 'A pretty tiling, at my timo of life, add with mv tendency to rheumatism, to go and buiy myself in Cornwall in thedeptliof winter! Hough it,' indeed! I daresay. "Windows that won't shut, and doors that won't -open, and damp sheets, and draughts in cvery.room, and tough meat, and no wind cellar* and news papers three days old, sad very probably snow six inches-deep in the bargain. Ugh! Not if. I know it,! I'll see Cornwall hanged first, and there's an end of the matter.'; But somehow there wasn't an end of the "matter. I- went down to the city as usual, but business was slack, and "every now and again I caught myself thinking of the mcrfy family party assembled round the roaring firo (1 made up my mind somehow that there was a roaring fire) at the Grange; and though I was fully decided not to go, I amused myself by fancying (just tor the fun of the thing) how things would he if I did go. I could fancy prettv well how I should he Teceived. I 'hadn't seen .my aster Mary or, her hua band for' over three years. I was quite sure of a hearty welcome from thera.^ and. our good old mother tho ' dear old lady,' as she was always "Called in the family, I could imagine her delight. I was half sorry that I couldn't go, ifi* only for her sake.- - And cousin Kate, my favourite cousin in the days gone by, the", cousin" whom I once thought—hut that's all over and done with.- I'm a lonely old bachelor, and Xate'is'Mrs. Loraine,. a buxoni widow. What an age it is since I last .saw her ! I should like to meet her once , again, and I fancy she wouldn't be altogether sorry to see me. As to tho boys and giflB, I know pretty well what their opinion would he.. What a jolly row they would make if I were to go, to be sme 1 "Really, I'm half sorry it's so completely out" of the'question. 'And my special pet,. my godchild Effie ; her little;: postcript kept running ,iu.:my head : ' Ploase, dear uncle, do come !' A very'pretty little postcript, Effie ! I wish I could come, my dear, hut you sec T really can't. . It's abso lutely and positively impossible, and there's an end of the matter. This was the second time that I had •decided that there was an end of "the matter ; and it may, therefore,.strike the reader as slightly inconsistent that I should almost immediately afterwards have sent "out the office boy to get me a time table. ..Butmy conscience is clear, i am absolutely positive that up to this' time—indeed, up to a considerably later period—I"had not the smallest intention •of going on what my calm judgment de •senbed with perfect propriety as a " fool's errand.' : I am quite clear that my motive intending for the time-table; was that—that—in point of fact merely, to see by what train I should have gone! if J had been idiot enough to accept my "brother-in-law's invitation. My inspec tion of the time table fully confirmed the propriety of the decision I had. come. to ; indeed, the.impossibility of coming to any other. The only train available started at an unearthly hour in. the morning. There was a change of train, with an hour and a half to wait, at some disgusting little roadside station. There was a coach drive of something Eke twenty miles to follow the railway journey; and even then I should not have reached my destination, but should have had three miles' further to go in what conveyance might chance to he available. I heaved a sigh of relief at the thought of the horrors I Bad. escaped by exercising (so I put it) ordi nary common sense in the matter. ' Such being the result of my reflec tions (which I still look back upon with satisfaction, as representing the sound ^Conclusions of a judicious mind), it will 'surprise no reader who has studied '.human nature to be told that two days . later, at an hour when usually I am still enjoying my well-earned repose between the sheets, I found myself seated in a stuffy railway carriage, en route for Cornwall. Common Sense whispered to me as I took my seat, ' No fool like ah old fool,' of something to that effect; hutT had not cast aside all my most . cherished convictions to have my holiday spoilt by any such trumpery reflection as that, so I deliberately sat.upon Com mon Sense (so to epeak)y&iM; sel myself sternly toenioVfiVy 5V»ics and my large and Yiried collection of illustrated tveekly literature, ; 1 pass over the horrors of that awful journey. I suppose a yoyage to the North Polo would be worse, hut (of this' I cm - quite sure) only because it tabes longer. It was had enough, ill the. railway carriage, whurii fiVy Suffer ings were limited bi partial suffocation, the; iucfeiifehcy of the weather being mitigated hy perpetual foot warmers ; but in the coach afterwards it was suf focation plus petrifaction. I really fancied we had somehow got bach to the glacial period, in fact t am quite sure that it had already begtin Sit fty boots. The driver, a healthy, ted-faced rustic, with no nfOre sensibility than his leather Apton had the audacity to "silg Sest that it was a fide. brariVig after noon,' Arid'' Wouldn't the gent like'to have the box Seat ?' The hoi seat! in ■a. wind fit to cut your nose off, .6vet ors! Th'cffent'declined, those awful moors ! Th'c.gent 1 and shivered add gasped, and gasped and shivered, over, some eighteen dread fid miles, when, at some horrible village inn on the ro^d, a cheery voice, which I recognised as my brother-in-law's, Bang out to the guard, 'Hi, Jem! have you gob Mr, Broad wood, of London, on board?* And five minutes liter Vhfi weary traveller (nevefi Was designation more appropriate) Was transferred to jafi open trap, and, bowling Alofig fiVer rily (that is, as merrily tab circumstances permitted) toifirds the Grange. Com mon Suiise had been coming to her own again considerably during the last part of my journey, but the consciousness of nearing the end now gave me the advantage of - her: and when, after a short hut rapid drive, the wheels of the dogcart scrunched upon the gravel, and the door was flung open, and I found myself in a cheery, well-lighted hall; with a happy mob of nephews and nieces hearing down upon me in all directions, I plucked up courage and took her by the throat. 'Who says I'm a fool for coming now, Miss Common Sense?' And she hadn't a word to say for herself. I pass OTer the kisses and tho hugs and the hand-shakings, which seemed as if they would never come to an end. They are part and parcel of tho merry Christmas time; and he who has en joyed them not at some of his halting places on the journey of life has either few friends or does not deserve to have any. They come, however, to an end at last, and. we gather in a circle round the fire in thebigold-fashioned drawing room. The dear old lady occupies her accustomed seat, a high-backed oaken chair by the chimney corner, with one hand resting lovingly on the shoulder of the grumpy, frumpy, sejfish old world ling who is ' Uncle John' to all the Test, hut will always be ' Dear Jack' to her, and who, in the consciousness that his presence, has brought that happy light into the dear old eyes, feels quite ashamed of his past waverings, and vows in his heart that he would travel twice, the distance, in weather thrice as rough, to bring up that look again. And sister Mary,, blithe and bonny, happy in her good-tempered husband, happy in her three stalwart boys—Dick, Tom, and Harry—and her two fair daughters—Mabel and Effie ; Mabel the living image of what her mother was in our childish days; and Effie, my own.particular pet, who has already takcii up her wonted position on a hassock at godpapa's knee. And cousin Kate, with a silver line here and there streaking her dark brown hair, but with the same sweet smile as of old,: the same merry twinkle of the eye, even' the fair soft complexion scarcely marred by time. In the centre of the' semi-: circle sits gonial' Tom Brown' himself. It is generally understood that he was christened Thomas, and ho signs bis letters accordingly; but no one within the memory of tnan has ever been known to call him otherwise than 'Tom.' Nothing delights him moro than to get a good large circle of relations (if poor relations so much , the better) round him at Christmas. ' The moro the m errier ' is his stock proverb; and at this moment his bald head gleams in the firelight, and his grey eyes twiukle, his whole face beaming with the intensity of his enjoyment. Two or three more distant relatives and their children make up the party. There iB an animated discussion as to whether a toVVain iirge bos, which Uncle John has I brought down with him, and which, | from"past experience, is conceived to contain a aciection of something for contain .. , , - everybody, shall be opened at once or the neit morning. In consideration^of then', as th'n »eSt best _ , i people proceed to pump Uncle ] John as to its various c contents. I keep my secrets nslong as I possibly can, but they are being gradually wormed from me (my niece Mabel is a perfect Ser jeant Ballantine in petticoats as to any thing YOU don't Want nfer . to know), when suddeiliy Btoy, feScldltoSi.. , ' 0 iUotlteb, What do you, thiptc—1 Unite forgot to tellVou before 1 Do .you knotV the 'Grange is. Ba'tiiited ?' itytv ft duidlv glance pass between toy sister and her husband, and then she quietly replied, .h „ ' Surelv, .Harry, you are ,100 sensible to believe shell tubWih as that! Who bWpii telling you such nonsenso ?' . ' But it isn't nonsense, mamma. Mrs. Hibbs says everybody knows it. And so does Doidge.' (These, aB I afterwards learned, were the cook and gardener of the proprietor of the Grange, and. had been taken oVer by my .brother-in-law during his tempo Vary tenanfty.) . , . ., • 1 Mrs. Hibhs ought to be 'ashamed of herself to talk.such hdbblsfr,' said.'toy brother-in-lkw, Mb §6 blight Doidge. Bit cbmb', Wliat is it they do say ? Let us know the worst.' 'Well, papa, Mrs. Ilibbs says that years and years ago, before sho was born, there was a murder committed in this house. At least, it wnsn't a murder, because the man hanged himshlf to the window curtainB. And a lady walks about in her nightgown with nqf hair down, and sings to .herself: inu. if you hear hfer, ytiil don't have any luek for S'eyeU ytiarS and a day.' ' There is no getting 'off the odd day, I suppose?' said Tom:. ' Mrs. Hibbs and old Doidge ought to be piit in the stocks together: for telliiig yott tiich rubbish. ■ lia the first place, as you know quite well; there is no such thing as a ghost, and if there were, it's quite clear that if a man had ever hanged himself in this house (which I don't believe), and if he had a ghost; I doubt still more, his ghost wouldn't be a lady, not to mention the extreme improba bility of any ghost, lady 'or otherwise, walking about in a nightgown in such cold weather as we are having at present. If the ghost came out in a good warm ulster, or a fur cape and muff, it would sound much more feasible. But a nightgown! It gives me the sbiverB even to think of it. .So I hope we shall hear no more of such rubbish. Tou know all the Cornish popple are a very superstitious race, and' they pass on these ridiculous old stories from one to another, until they begin to believe there is really some truth in them.' ' But, papa,' said Mabel, with wide open eyes,' Effie and I really did bear somebody singing after we went to bed last night.' 'Nonsense, Mabel 1 you must have been dreaming.' 'No, papa, we were not dreaming, because we had only just got into bed, and Effie and I both heard it; but we did not take much notice, because we thought it was only the. waits, or carols, or somebody like that, outside. And presently we went to sleep. But we shouldn't have liked it if we had thought it was a ghost.' ' ' Wo did hear it, pana,'. said Effie. | It was a very quiet sound, but wo heard' it quite plain. It was like somebody hushing a baby to sleep. Oh, 1 do hope it won't come again to-night. I should be so frightened.' . . . ' Nonsense, you silly children!' said her mother. 'Thavo no doubt vour first idea was quite right.; The carol singers arc about, and I daresay you heard 'some of tlicin singing as thoy went borne. And' now we won't talk any more about such nonsense. Light your candles, all you young people, and be off to bed. You are ever so much later than you ought to be, already, but Uncle John's arrival lias made us dissipated.' ... ' Mother is right,' said my brother-in law. ' " Boys to bed nnd dogs to door," as they Bay down here. Grandmamma will go too, being one of tho young ones. We old people shall follow very quickly. And not a word moro about ghosts or goblijis, of I shall bo extremely angry.' •. . V. . ... . . -—— • As Tom Brown's idea.of eiemplii' corporal chastisement consisted m gently flicking the ofionder with a eilV pockethandkerchief, his angor was not greatly dreaded; but he got a veiyfair , u .anddis persed without any further allusion to the forbidden subject. ' Confound that chattering old man and woman!' said my brother-in-law as soon as the door was closed. '( remember to have henrd years ago, now I think of It).that some kindersUpet stilton Was .attached thip Jafticulaf pouSe, ,bub X MeVef $ave It Ab$8i1 thought. i If 51 ihakes the children hiil'Vous it will completely spoil: our holiday.' , ' Of course there's nothmg in;it' I remarked; f.-biit it's ..iihfprtau'a^ iM JttMjei.anajfimp's bloty iftdul'd Happen t$ jit so weli with the legend. How do you account for their statement, hy the way ? It couldn't have been prompted by the ghost story, for, if I understand right, they hadn't then heard it. And they don't seem to have felt any alarm at the time. Of course there is i perfectly natilrdl eiplAiiatieb, hut fSi Jjdbif'tyoii. think Mary's .(didgesHjjil fioiit the^arol .spg«s may hplhOMS explanation ?' said Mrs: Hordinei ' BeVwefeh ourselves, I am pretty sure it isn't, though I took good care not to say. so,' replied my brother-in-law. 'I happen to know that the carol singers were singing last night in an entirely opposite direction.' ' Could it have beon any of the etf vanta sihgibgP1 I Inqulied-. . 1 No-, that is .eqUalLy But of "the riiiaj tioh: Yesterday^ the letlpilis feSd Bid a riithet tiring day, and they went te lied a good hour before we did. And, moreover, their rooms are all in tie other wing of the house, far away from the room whore Mabel and Effie eleep: which ia;.the further tooth Jh .title left wing: No; illy birh idbh. 13 Hint they thust have heard some belated passer-by going along the lane at the side of the house, and singing to keep himself company. That's the whole mysteiy, you may depend upon it, and I hope and beljeve we shall hear no more eitlis mattef ■' _ But in thjs we were fated to he da appointed, for even as Tom spoke tie door was flung suddenly open, andtso little white figures, with hair down, and in a state of wild excitement,. dropped like bombshells in our midst. 4 0 papa ! 0 uncle 1 we have heard it again ! (To be Continued^ 