The Bake of Wellington's Experiment. IN a ground-floor room in one of the large public buildings of London a man sat writing at a table covered with papers. He was a short slightly-built figure, with a prominent nose, and a face hard and massive as a granite statue, wearing the set look peculiar to men who have surmounted great difficulties and confronted great perils. Few, indeed, had had more practice in both than this man, for he was no other than the Duke of Wellington, and his crowning victory at Waterloo was still but a few years old. There was the tinkle of a bell outside, and then a murmur of voices in the ante-room; but the Duke never raised his head from his writing, even when his secretary entered and said: "If it please your grace, that man with the bullet-proof breastplate has called again, and wishes very much to see your grace tor a mo ment." The Duke's face darkened, as well it might, for the man in question was the mont pertina cio,us bore whom he had ever encountered. The bullet-proof cuira&t; was his own invention, and he never lost a chance of declaring that the safety of the wholo British army depended upon its instant adoption of this " unparalleled discovery" which he carried about with him, and exhibited at all times and in all places. Had this been all, he would soon nave been disposed of; but, unluckily, he had contrived to intercut in his invention one or two of the Duke's personal friends, and to get from them letters of recommendation which eveu Welling ton could not easily disregard. Something must clearly be done, however; for, although the fellow had hitherto been kept at bay, he was evidently determined to cive the Duke no peace till tho matter had been fully gone into. For a moment Wellington looked so grim that the secretary began to hope for the order which he would gladly have obeyed—namely, .to kick the inventor into the street forthwith. But the next instant the iron tace cleared tagain, and over it played the very ghost of a tsmile, like a gleam of winter sunshine upon a precipice. " Smw him in," said he briefly. The «baervant secretary noted both the tone and the entile that accompanied it; and he inwardly decided that it would havo been better for that inventor if he had not insisted on seeing the Duke. In came the great discoverer —a tall slouch ing, shabby, slightly red- nosed man, with a would-be jaunty air, which gave way a little, bowever, before the " Iron Duke's" penetrat ing glance. "I am glad to think that your grace appreciate* the merits of my invention," said he, in a patronising tone. " They arc, indeed, too important to bo uudervalued by any great commander. Your grace cannot fail to re member the havoc made by your gallant troops At Waterloo, among the French cuirassiers, whose breastplates were not bullet - proof ; whereas, if "Have you got the thing with you?" in terrupted Wellington. Tho inventor unwrapped a very showy looking cuirass of polished steel, and was iust beginning a long lecture upon its merits, when the Duke cut him short by asking : •' Aro you quite :iure it is bullet-proof ?" " Quite sure, your grace." ''Put it on, then, and go and ataud m that corner." The ot'er wondoringly obeyed. "Mr. Temple," shouted Wellington to hii secretary, " tell th« sentry outside to load with ball-cartridge, and come in hero to test thin cuirass. Quick, now I" But, quick though the secretary was, the inventor was quicker still. The moment hu realised ih«t he had been set up ther* on. purpoae to bo fired at, snd to be shot dead on the spot if his c jirass turned on^ to be not bollet-prtjof after all, he leaped headlon, r through *he open window with a yell worthy of a Black-foot Indian, and darting like a rocket across the court-yard vanished through tha outer gateway; nor did tho Duko of Welling ton, from that day forth, ever see or hear of hiia again.—David Keii, in Editor's Drawer, Harpei-'a Magazine for October. 