CONTRAST; . on, - .; THE OAK AND THE BRAMBLE. ,. llY.t'JtANOla II. KJäl'l'EL. * CHAPTER XXX.. . Tkgrnwny, who luid not expcotod such a sudden ohângo of tactics, felt,'as riautioal man Bay, 'rather taken aback." After a momont's pauso, he observed, ' As 1 said beforo, I wants nothing but what's fair.' ' That is an exceeding indefinite term, my good follow,' ropliod tho major ¡ ' a very comprehensivo phraso, like our legal one of ' hereditaments. A trades- man thinks it fair to soil currant leaves for tea, and logwood juico for port wino ; a soldier thinks it fair to shoot a man in the book whom ho never saw beforo bo causo his oillcer tells him ho Is au enemy ; and people think it fair to call this a piece ol'bravery, and hang another man the next day for doing tho samo thing at homo. A doctor thinks it fair to roll up tho tenth part of a farthing's worth of bread in pills, and charge his patient u guinea for thom ; a barrister thinks It fair to asstiro a jury that his oliont is tho innouent viotim of a vile conspiracy, though ho has just had his confession that ho is guilty of tho orinio he is chargod with, What is fuir, iudood if Thoro is but ono rulo, Thortiwny, by which sonsiblo mon judgo of what is fair, and thut is, everything is fair which helps you to what you want, and everything is un- fair which doprlvos you of it. Now to como back lo business, what ls it that you want?' ' Why, 1 want tho means to got a livelihood ,' re- plied Thoruway ; 'that's tho long and short of it.. But, what's mora to tho point with you, I suppose, I want victuals to cut, and I want beer and tobacoo. I liitv'n't broka my fast these three blessed days j I hav'n't had a pipe in my mouth 1 don't know whon, and it would bo moro than viotuuls to me ; and as for drink, I hav'n't beou able to get a single drop all tho week, oxcopt ono pint asl got for holding a gent's horso whilo ho went into Doctor's Commons j and I'm half doad for tho want of it. Now, you know you walked oif with tho mouoy from the Utiion Box-' ' A vory protty loading question that,' interrupted tho major, with un easy laugh ; ' an Old Bailey lawyor could not huvo put It better. But j ust lot mo disabuse your mind of that idea, friend Thorn way, beforo wo go any farther. My private atïuirs oallcd mo rather suddenly from Stamford whilo I was secretary to tho strike-somo vory pressing business, in fact, whioh wo need not go into now-and I had not timo to go through tho accounts with tho committee of manage- ment. Thoy were very complicated, indcod ¡ and, as I said, I could not spare tho timo. But I had mudo heavy advances out of my own pookot-tho poor mon woro starving, and I had my footings ¡ nnd if 1 wore to look up my vouchers, I think-mdeod I havo no hesitation in saying, I am sure-I BIIOUUI bring tho society into my debt. But tho thing is all over now, and 1 don't want to be hard upon thom, so 1 havo made up my mind to Int the matter drop.' ' Hut- begun Thoruway. ' Don't interrupt mo for a moment,' pursued tho major. ' I was only going to say that in tho first placo you wore not ono of tho committee, and havo tlioroforo no right to ask mo for any account at all ; and then, waiving that point, I would call your atien- to tho fact that you havo no list of either my receipts or expenses-that you could neither read nor under- stand thom if you had-that you cannot provo that 1 owo tho committee a shilling, and that not being a mombor, you would have no right to rocoivo It, if I did-that, in point of fnot, you know nothing at all about tho matter-that somebody has put somo Idle stuff into your head, willoh you havo not tho shadow of evidence to sustain, and that tho sooner you sponge it out tho bettor. Ilaving said this much-and, Tn justico to my own character, I could not say less-I will now ndd.lhat though I deny your olafm upon ino in toto, I am willing to do alittlo to holp a townsman in.dlstro8s. There is half-a-orown for tho present. That will buy you a supper, and allow foi a pipo and Slnss of grog at the omi of it. And ns for th» future, : you don't mind doing it-which I supposo-y0u don't-I want a porter, just to Bit in the entry. at>4 tako messages when I happen to bo out. It will ba' something to keep your head above water, at all evotits, till a totter thing turns up. And-lot mo sc« -m» -.«unid rather astonish my clients if they saw you m that trim ; but we are something of a slzo, and I dare say I could And a fow old clothes that would make you look a Httlo docent. What do you aayj* This turn of affairs was so superior to what Thorn way had calculated upon-his most sanguine hopes having been confined to tho extraction of some immo- j (Iluto rel ¡of from either Richard Roebuck's fears or compassion-that there was positive thankfnlness in his tono, as he replied : ; ' I'm sure I'm much obliged to you, Master Roe book.! - --. i .'Not at all-not at all,' replied the gentleman, in a condescending tone; 'it is our duty to assist each other whore we ean. But you must remember that my name, at present, ls not Mastor Roebuok, but Major Chevrouil, You must bear that in mind, if we are to be connected together. It is indispensable.' ] 'Well, I will,' said Thorn way; 'but what made you change your name for that craok-jaw thing V , ' Family reasons, family reasons,' remarked the major, with an important air. ' It ls a great advan- tage, too, in my line of business,,to bo a military man., It commands influence with tho emigrants.' I 1 A military man I' echoed Thornway ; ' why, you was novor oven drawn in the militia,': -, ; ' Quite tannooesBóry,' observed the other j ' I have studied tactics, and that is sufficient. Besides, tho militia is low. I belong to the line.' And ho hold up a ruler to illustrate tho romark. i ¡ ' But wouldn' colonel have sounded better ?' asked Thornway.ii i'f f / ¡ ( .: ,'j I ;" . ; 'Just tho reverse.' obsorved tho officer benignly. ' Besides I havo all my life had a great regard for truth:; and I did not wish to give myself out for what I was not.' ?. ».'' . ? , Thornway, who had known his companion's oareor from boyhood, burst into a hearty laugh. ' Arid when did you .become a major thon, may I mako so bold to ask ?' . ' When I ceased to be a minor, of course,' was tho reply; ' but I forgot that you; don't understand Latin. However, settle it in your mind that this, and everything olso about me, is oxaotly what it ought to bo, And mind, as I said before, that your connection with me depends entirely upon your for- getting all about Riobard Roobuok. Major Chevrouil knows nothing whatever abouthim, and never .means to ; and if I lind that you have dropped a hint to any human boing that suoh a man evor oxisted, we shnll cease I to bo friends ; and you might not find me a partioulary désirable enemy. Tho law has a groat many ins and outs that you know nothing about, and has 'taken thu teeth out ot a man's head before now. Thora, you need not look as if you had seen your grandfather's ghost. Yon do as I tell you, and I won't swallow you up.' Now go and got your supper and your pipe. Como buck in two hours for your clothes ; it will bo dark by that timo, and nobody will seo you ; aud bo hero at your post by nine in tho morning.' With these words and a look of self-satisfaction whluh might have had its origin in innate benevo- lence, or in tho attainment of a desirable object, he dismissed his protégé -. to enjoy ' the happiest hour, he had known for many months, troubled only by tho thought .of how he should: so time-his expenditure that tho whole of his half-orowu would bo fairly drunk out within tho stipulated time. 