GENERAL NEWS. Dbai) body of a whale, 3.7.feefc in length, washed ashore at Kiama. ; .. ''?'.? ','.. ' :MAjoe iPoijaiiAB, for 40'yoars a resident in iTaBmania, has reoently died. OoilPliAlNTa re transmission of goods from Sydney to Bathurat are stilL made. ? Ir is said that £40,000 was tho price paid for the Rurinymede station propertieo. The state of the creeks between Mudgeo and Rylstone has made the road impassable Tub DraperB5 Association have resolved to form a registry office for drapora' omployoeo. 594 IKMI&eaktg; arrived per Abergeldio. Married couples, 79 ; moohanics, 105. A Bltli has boen iutroduoed to declare the law with regard to additional conditional purchases on selections oxcooding 280 aorea. Annttaii consumption of cigars in Now South j Wales estimated at 500,0001b., of which only J 50pblb. are of American manufacture. ? . '4- nhw design for carrying tolegroph and tele phone1 wires through cities has been invented by Mf. Oraoknell, and is to bo tried in Sydney. 15,669 £3 shaees of the new issue of tho Bar rier 'Ranges', Silver- mining Association havo boon taker;. ' . ' CTwo Bengal tigors with all their expenses paid have been promised to the Zoological Society by Mr. Tooth, M. L. A. Rbpoets from Queensland Goldfields satisfac tory. 57,754 oz. of gold obtained in the last six months. The prospeots of sugar-growers in Richmond , district etc brilliant. Several new mills have been erected., .'/?'..- We seem to have esoaped the recent winters storm with the loss of one ship, one schooner, and a number of pigs. These at least sro the losses so far reoorded. The Susan Gilmore bumping her self to pieces on the beach at Newcastle, an un known schooner ashore at Trial Bay, and a herd of swine drowned in a Blaughter-yard near New oastle. , '.',.. Me. P. J. Nolligan has been appointed head maater of a new Public school erected in tho vicinity of Woolloomooloo Bay. The school buildings and teacher's residence are of a superior kind. Two men, named Keith and Skelly, were oharged at Nyngan, before Mr. W 3. Oaswell, P.M., with having assaulted and robbed two Chinamen under arms, on tho morning of July G. Keith waa stabbed during the affray. Both China men were aevcroly injured. Four men, who were implicated in the affair, are at largo. The other two were remanded for a week. Heeb Max Vagrich, conductor of tho Sydney Liederfcafel, and Mies Alice Recs, the well-known singer, were lately married. At the conclusion of rehoarsal on Monday night, about two score of fcho Liedertafel drove down to Elizabeth Bay, and assembling quietly before a pretty house in which the bride and bridegroom now live, made sweet music. Two Bimplo part-songs by Hatton were rendered by those present, under the direction of Mr. Fisher, the voices rising and falling on the still night air, in harmonies to which the hour and the occasion lent a cortain pathos. John WhitemaD, long the popular representa tive in the Legislative Assembly of the Bister colony of that constituency which waB pre sumed to represent, as perfectly as Collingwood itself, the democratic opinion of Victoria, to wit Emerald Hill, has atlaBt been compelled, it seems, to return to the humble occupation in which his experiences of ifostralian life began. All honour to poor old Whiteman, and may the example of manly independence which he has set in resum ,.ing his trade of blacksmith have a larger in fluence than is likely to be exercised by that poetical effort of his, which was presented to the public under the title of 'Sparks from an Anvil.' '... Judge Williams and the Beitish Mon aeohy.— Melbourne, Monday. A great sensation was caused in : Melbourne this .afternoon on the ; publication of the Heeald, with the opinions of Mr. Justice .Williams on the future prospects of the reigning dynaBty in Britain. A Heeald reportor,..in the course of a long interview, asked the judge whether it seemed to him, while he wau in England; lately, t that the sentiment of loyalty ?is to any extent losing its hold upon the masses. ? His Honor .replied : ' Well, I may tell you that I .hold rather peculiar ;views upon this subject ; my impression being that there will bo a republic after the reign of the Prince c£ Wales. Tho Queen is not liked. I don't nJ-an as a woman, for. as a woman she is liked ; but &o; a queen she iB'not. People think that she does not do her duty, and is rather inclined to bo niggardly.' Judge Williams is a native of Victoria, but no body previously suspected his republican ideas. The Goyeemment Labottu Eychang-e.— One of the roaults of the rocont ' unemployed' agifca tien was the establishment of a Labour Bzchango under the management of Mr. Troatt, Assistant immigration Commissioner. Mr. Treatt has ohownadmirablo tact as well as nblility and com tosy in tho somewhat difficult work entruotod to him by the Government, and wolourn that during tho paBfc month employment wao found by meaiin of this froe agency for 420 men. Whereas in tho first instance pick and shovel men wero most abundant and moBt ia demand, notv the trades are being represented. If thoro is so much work to be done, and if there are bo many willing hands to do it, how is it that the two cannot bo brought together withoufethe aid^pf the Govern ment Labour Exchange ? The' present Btate of thingB io the more remarkable sinoe, on the authority of Mr. - Troatt, the supply of some classes of farm labourers is never equal to the demand. Probably all parties would be quite as well pleased if in the long run this exchange could take a permanent footing. The labour question grows year by year, and becomee more complex. When immigrantB arrive, they should not be left iu doubt for a day as to where they are most neededd, and will be best able to dia poso of their services. Team A'coident at BpTANT.-^On' Monday a frightful tram accident ? 6c6urrod-v'about 4 o'clock on the Botany-road, resulting in the death of a child named George Walter Tnnbridge. Deceased was the son of a well-known carrier at Botany, and wao 3 years of age. Tho little fel- ?: low, who had been playing with his sister Emily outside his paronts' residence, facing the tram linoD, suddonly attempted to cross to tho opposito aide of tho road, whoro his cousin, a small boy of four years of age, wag standing. In doing so ha did nob notico tho approaching tram, which, when ifc cume fco whoro ho was, struck him dov/n. The motor panned over his lego, mutilating them in a shocking manner. Tho child remained in a slate of unconsciousness until the time of hia death, whioh took place at 20 minutes past 6 in the evoniug. A Geeat BatSMAIT.-— Wo observe that O'Brien, oil Oxford, is among the eleven choson to represent Ail England againBt tho Australian Sloven. In tho first matoh ot the Australian Sloven this brilliant young batsman distinguished himself. Of thia gentleman the Dublin Feee hah's Jottenal says : — We notioo that tho strong man of the Oxford Eloven was one O'BrioUj whose nationality may be taken for granted. His batting wa3 a brilliant performance. Whon the wicketB were drawn he had a ' not out' ocore of 61, and was not disposed of on Saturday until he had run up the splendid total of 92. This was made up of one five, nine fours, four threes, and nine twos. The Australians mcide desperate efforts to get rid of him, and changod thoir bowlers frequently from Spofforth to Q-iffen — whose destructive bowling at Sheffield y/o noticed — and f rom Giffon to Boyle. O'Brien's hitting v/as the feature of the match. 0 [jMlTCHELl/S CEEEK SllVEE CotTNTEY. — We take tho following from the Evening News. Mitcholl'a Creek, referred to here, is near Bathurat, and about 15 miles from Wallerawang, tho terminus of the Mudgse railway : — The enor mous deposits of silver ore which have been dis covered at Sunny Corner, Mitchell's Creek, will soon be tested as to the practicability of their bc» ing profitably worked, as the first of the smolting furnaces has been erected, and will shortly be in active operation. Unliko Silverton, the Sunny Corner lodes are fully exposed to view, but pro bably they are not distant enough to create a 'boom,' As an evidence of the extont of the lode, it may be mentioned that in Messrs. Newton and Hurley's mine one block of ore 5000fb in super ficial meaauromant, and proved wherovor tried to be over 10ft thick, is ready to be operated upon. A GirTED Irish Lady.— Miss Dargon (Mrs. Dr. Piercy), tho distinguished Irish actress, is giving readings in Now Zealand with success. A . ? correspondent of the Now Zealand Tablet, Juno 20, writing from Eoso, says .-—Pictures wero wont to be called fcho books of the unlearned, but Misa Dargon io a book fco the ioarued and un loarnod, for lior every attifcudo, look, and gesture speaks naturally and in tho moat convincing man ner fco tho hoart and intollect, and whether among the simple and unlettered, or among thooo of greater cultivation, she loaves tho stamp and influ ence of her accomplished eloquence on every in dividual of hor auditory. Her eloquence is tho talent of the very few ; she breathes life into every word she utters, which carries a charm to eievato, to melt, to soothe, to cheor, to scorn, to humiliate as she desires, and hor climaxes aro most powerful and absorbing in their effeots. She must be seen to be appreciated. As Queen Cafchorino in tho divorce Bcene in Honry VIII., she displays a marvellous combination of all those qualities with which we associate our 'ideal queen,' duty, tenderness, dignity, cour age, and a real queenly presence. But who can describe hor rendering of Tom Davis' 'Fonto- noy ' P Courage, patriotism, fury, and revenge were depicted in every Bound, every lineament of her to every Irishman present, .and elicited such cheering and applause as was almost suffi cient to evoke the ghost of Tom himself, and make him laugh with delight. : Pooe BI/0STEEIN& Dayey. — This is-how tho Newcastle Moening- Heeald touches the mem ber for Mud gee :— David Buchanan in the As sembly on Friday night, recommended Mr. Slittery, tho member for Burro wa, to represent to his HolinesB the Pope at Roma the zoulof Mr. Fletcher, M.L.A., in the interaat of the Roman Catholics of Burrowa for the purpose of gotting the latter gentleman knighted ! ^Faith, David,' there is many a bright man wearing the dneignia of tho Order of St. Gregory on bis 'breast whoso shoe latchot you are unworthy to1 uhtio.' .Yet , David would be entitled to honours if insincerity wero tho teat instead of zeal. For instance, John Stuiirt Mill would decorate himfor his advocacy of f roe trade, und the Hon. Graham Berry would rooommond him as a O.MiG.-for his defence of Protection. His Holiness tho 'Pope i might knight him for his oratorioal efforts on behalf of , fcho righ's of Ireland, and the: Grand Orunge Lodge, or other representatives of: William III., do the seme for his violent philippics againat tho Church of Rome ! The5 anti-immigrationists might confer lasting honours upon him for his parliamentary and platform denunciation of as sisted immigration, while tho friends of imported , labour would orovrn him with glory for his leather-lunged advocacy of their favourite system. Indeod, if the friends or enemies of each paiticu lar Bhade of policy brought forward by overy revolution of tho wheel of fortune wero to recog nize David's Borvicee, first on one side and then on the other, and reward him with laathor medalp, an ordinary sized blanket would not bo large enough to attach thorn to, and it would require somebody stronger than David himself to carry them about. : 