Gossiping Corner, i , Now that the Balmain aldermen have under their consideration the proposal to purchase the local braneh of the gas- com-1 pany and supply to ratepayers, the lighting element at a - somewhat ro,ore reasonable ratej' the iqformatiOn .which' ;has .been 're- ceived: by the' Municipal Association will be perused with interest -by your readers. From the circular I learn that several cerporations in- the ; United Kingdom possess their own. gas-works. The Dundee Corporation purchased the gas-works from a private company in 1868, and have re duced the price for gas, from '5s. 4d.'(a^. eharged by the company) to 8s. Gd. per 1000ft. They charge 3s. -4d. per 1000 for street lighting and 8s. !6d. per lamp for attendance and repairs; under the com pany the charge was 4s. 5d. per 1000. Now the'Dundee Counoil have to pay. 22s.' per ton for their -ooal, and surely if thav can reduce the prices to consumers to suon' an extent the Balmain Counoil wouldbe able to 'confer- quite ' as-g^eiltva;benefit {on; ..the reMdents-of- their -.district; ' -There are several otlier places quoted, which shpw equal advantages having accrued from the purchase of the works by the corporations. For instance Bolton has reduced the cost to consumers frpra 8a. 4d. to 2s. 8d. per 1000 feet, and the;cost of street lamps is £2 us. lOd. Nottingham and Manchester have done similarly, and the latter. has- made an annual profit of -£52,000. The Balmain and other councils have to pay £0 per lamp per annum,' nearly 200 per cent on the cost to the English municipalities. It is pretty nearly time action was taken in the matter. | What strides soienoe has made in all branches during . the present/ century. Man has by his,' invehtivo genius made instruments by' which he caij travol jat O'!'' :'i y tremendous speed on-land and sea, and he can now talk with his brothers notwith standing that miles, of distance, interveno between them. All this is truly .wonderful, but' the medical fraternity seem to be even outstripping othei. branohei . of science.. I have.heard thatatthetimedeoapitatipn of' criminals wasfin vOguei two doctors, with the permission . of the authorities, tr|ed;to fasten a head on a :body and re^ produce life by. me aris, of elebtridty. - Two critnfaials'htid been executed 'on the day they fried the experiment, and immediate ly after the axe bad done its work medieoa. rush in, one seizing a body and the other a head. They succeeded in , reproducing life says my informant, but -to their horror the head Bpoke, complaining that it' hid been fixed to the wrong body, and then gave up the ghost. .1 don't suppose your readers will believe that,' at' least I don't, but .a. recent report from, France gives a moru probable but nevertheless remarkable account of a wax face, -being placed ;on a wounded soldier. Jean MoreaU, a French' artilleryman, was -engaged in action' on the 3rd January, . 1871,. at . Bapaumo., While loading a .cannon,, he was struck, down by a shell, which, bursting across' his face tore; away his nose, eyes, the upper jaw, and a portion of the lower. Ho was left for dead on the field, but. rafter a time recovered his senses, and staggered on tho road to the village of Ervillier. He was in the hospital at- Arras and afterwards the j military hospital, at Paris, till March, 1872, when cicatrisation was nearly complete, j All the soift portions of the fore part of the head haying disappeared, and the' bony framework being crushed in various places, £hp. unfortunate ;inan presented' the tfp-: pearanbe' of-';a; veritable death's head, with two cavities for tne eyes, one lor tne nose, : and, a larxtq opening for. the mouth. How ever, by ingenuity and patience a wax resemblance of a face was invented and fitted with the utmost .exactitude' to tho„ healthy portions of flesh ' whidi' still sur rounded the immense cicatrix. The ad hesion, .which- is almost , hermetic,: was completed by a natural cushion of skin, which thus as it were keeps the border of the mask in a grove. The inner cavity has also beon : utilized, one of its' uses being, by means of lint, to guard the patient against the effect of sudden altera tions - of heat and jc'old, while the upper jaw and the palate are protected by a plate, to which are attached a row of fals.e teeth, and mastication of the hardest kind of food is successfully performed. ' Thanks to the disposition of the natural parts and' tho ingenious shaping of the mask, and particularly that of the false, nose, respira tion is rendered possible through its nos trils, and indeed, has regained the normal direction, from below to above. The system- of . aeration is assisted 'by' two small holes towards the inner angle of the eyes creating a current of. air, the eyes themselves, of course being closed. The sense of smell,-, strange to say, has been: regained, while the voice posesses its natural tone and clearness. Thus More&n; is en abled by this .wonderful' exercise, of medi oal skill and constructive talent to, breathe,' speak, smell, and even, is said; to 'play tho ^ mite! The mutilated soldier, who is fond' of chatting about his campaigns, .possesses that resigned air -common to blmd 'men, and his sense of toiioh, moreover,1 has ex cesively developed. Query : .What will be sufficiently wonderful to cause amazement to our children's great-grand children? The ministry have introduced a new Civil Service Bill, but to my mind they , have not added much to the, present act in the way of increasing tho civility of those servants by placing them in .a. position where they wul be able to go on tiie oven tenor of their ways without having ruffled tempers and' disappointed hopes. , , The measm'c in question will certainly give: a yearly increment, from a salaiy point of view, but-it will not abolish- the obnoxious principle of 'political patronage.' The same doings as of yore will be rampant; individuals who have powerful friends rubbing shoulders with the ' reigning Government will still, notwithstanding then' brainless heads (in some instances) be j advanced in : the service at the ex-. peU8e ? of -the deserving and persevering servants. The same evil will also exist in connection with the entry, of youths into the Government employ,;' and '-thus the' poor mail who has a clever son but few powerful Mends will be shut out: from the possibility of getting him a 'billet in the service. The only way out of the difficulty will be to follow, the . example of. Victoria and placo appointments open 'to competi tive examinations. . . Dr. Wilson, of England, evidently a patient and persevering man,- has, by actual oount, found the 'hairs on a Square inch of ,a fairly^covered , head to number' 10CG, from whioh he estimates that the whole head must have 27,920. . He thinks that some . heads might have 150,000 hairs. Won't it be rough on some of us if we com mit as many - sins 'during our lives: as ,we have hairs* ofa our- heads ? It ; would bb far more pleasant though to be able to count as many half-crowns and bank them to our private account. - - r - „ A, good /thing in the olerical line comes ?from the garden of the Australias, Tas mania. A Hobart contemporary writes . ' Attheservioeheld at the cathedral yester day morningno less than four clergymen took part, - when it 5 oame to preaching time, -to the' dismay' Of the ' four, it was found theyvoould ,not muster oue sermon between them, eaoh having thought it the turn of some other clergyman to hold forth to the congregation. -There was nothing left but to make the usual collec tion and pronounce the benediotidn. ' The former was done amid a general titter of amusement, and the congregation broke up in good humour, after heing deprived of a sermon -&6m . some' clergyman- ; but a; cathedral without a sermon— and a pretty long, ono ordinarily— is R novelty that would not be. allowed, to. exist in a non conformist place of worship. I was rather pleased to observe, that 'Mir. ?David Buchanan, having left off liis ' clear ing the gallery,' has sottled down to some thing sensible.. On.October 10th he is to move the.followiiig, in the Assembly ' That in tho opinion of this House, and in the interests of the publio health, the Government should establish at the Rook wood Ocnietory the necessary appartus or lnaclii'iiivy for the pm-pose of giving prac tical effect to the system of cremation, so that the people may have the option of preferring, this system to the praotice of burial at present prevailing. 2. That the aoove resolution De communicated by ad dress to his Excellency the Goveruor.' Now I fully bolieve in cremation. I've beon in eonntrics where it is praotised and ?1 consider it far before our' present mode of burial. A system that wilj clear us of any ill. effect . to,' be caused by decomposed bodies iu a conietery that drains to water courses or properties lower thau itself, if adopted will- .be a decided improvement. But why has David proposed it ? Dees he want to have the ,plea8ure' of cremating some of his political7 antagonists ? Now, be canny, -David; i--n, you 11 put! out' the fire. - , . jtfy.- word, -Mk Editor, if some of' our1 anoestorS - .who . .lived two centuries ago were to return to earth and reside in New fjputh Wales wouldn't they howl at the cost of living- According to an old account book that has been brought tp light, a shoulder; ; loin, -leg, neok and broadt of mutton-were bought en blob at Mosely for 8s. Bd. s ( iv leg of ,yeal camo to Is. 4d-i and a round - of beef iwas only 2jd per lb; a hundredweight of;- cheese cost only 17s.; but a pound of te*. iu the year 1702 cost £1 18s. Od; . TailorB must also have done theif.vwork ohep.ply, for an entry in the book says ' one Burrows was paid £8 10s. fpr m'aking. the Squire's ridmg coat and Buckskin breeches.' Iu 1098 20,000 bricks were made/ for 15s. The eight. hourMystem j?as certainly not in vogue, in those days or they could not have worked so cheaply. Yours to., JOB TROTTER. 