FOE HONORS SAKE. Night, with a bright moon shining on two figures that stood done beneath the elms of Horton Towers, a man and a woman, the latter peaking piteously to him, who listened with cold politeness, nothing name. " Gerald," she said, in low, trembling tones, " have you no word of pity for me ? Or, lacking pity, not one of sympathy with my misfortunes? Do you not appreciate all that I do and dare in meeting yon here to-night—my husband's jealnns anger, did he discover the truth—the world*s uncompromising scorn ? Why have 1 sent for you ? To tell you all—to have you think less hardly of nte, if may be—to explain far you the mesh of circumstances which were woven about me, ao that < could not escape." " Explanations are not necessary to me, madam. Are you aware that I have broken an engagement, with my betrothed to obey your summons this evening?" 1 1 1 Betrothed I'* she repeated, after a moment's-pause. "Cruel one! Have you then, indeed, so forgotten ? Oh, shame t- oh, humiliation 1 And'I sent for you to ask you to forgive, when already you have learned to forget." " Nay, madam ; calm yourself 1 Partially to tell you this I acceded to your commands." . " Gerald, hush I Do not bury me under the weight of your scorn. I did marry an old man for his gold, but it was at my father's bidding, and to save him from dishonor." Tbe man's face softened as he looked. " Millioent," he said, " perhaps I have been too hud." "Ah, Gerald, I buried myself, my heart, my happiness on my wedding day. Say yon, too, have felt a pang ; that you do not despise me for sending for you to tell you+his when already you had given your vows to another." " They were hurled back at my feet, thank Heaven I A hand, lovely as your own Btooped aqd rescued them. For her sweet sake, life, once .more grew precious. But it is growing late. Let me lead jou to the entrance of tbe park and leave you." " True. I had forgotten how the moments flew. I came to ask you to forgive me—I find forgetfulness renders it unnecessary. Now I ask you to remember me-*»to think sometime?, when you clasp your wife close to your protecting love, of the lonely woman who no longer has even a memory to cheer and comfort her; and—if you ever tell her the story, to add, I was not % jll, to blame. Good night." And waving him back with one white hand, she disappeared among the trees. A few moments he Stood motionless. The interview had shaken him more than he * would acknowledge. Past memories, like ghosts, came trooping before him, wheu .snddenly a girl's face seemed to smile upon him through the darkness, and the shadows fled. " Ella, my darling!" he whispered, and with rapid strides vanished among the trees. "".; "" He win still surrounded with their gloom, when a pistol shot rang out upon the still night air. ^ Making his way quickly in the direct tion of tbe souod, he stumbled over tbe prostrate form of a man, dyeing his clothes in the blood which ebbed from a gaping wound. The moon's rays shone full upon a ghastly face. He started back, his own lips ashen, as he recognised Sir John Horton, the husband of the woman from whom lie had parted barely five minutes before. "Merciful Heavens!" he whispered, when a hand fell heavily npon his shoulder. " Assassin!" a voice murmured in his ear. . And turning, he confronted two mm, whom the noise of the shot had attracted to the spot. In vain he protested his innocence. And summoning other help to carry the wounded and insensible man to his home, he followed them unresistingly whither they would. The night wore heavily away. Each moment as he paced the floor of the room in which he had hem confined, awaiting his examination, revealed to him the hideousne&B; of his position. Not yet had he washed tbe blood stains from his hands. His eyes teemed fascinated to gaae npon them, for with the morning light he knew would ootne the question, '< What motive prompted your presence in Sir John'a private park?" To say he had gone there to meet the woman who once had been his promised bride, but who now was the honored wife of another, would be but to for ever sully her fur fame. Honor compelled him to keep silent—honor bade him give np his life, if need be, rather than betray a woman's secret. It was as he had foreeeiu In the crowded room, the fatal qqestion. no^ his death- knell in his ear. Ella Graham's sweet, pleading face, of which he had caught a momentary glimpse in the distant corner where ^he sat, seemed to say, " For my sake, at whatever cost, tell the truth." " I can only plead my innocence," be said, when called upon; " cin oqly swear no man among yon is more guiltless than am I ; but of how I epent that last hour, the secret is my own—mine for 'time and eternity ! Gentlemen, unless there be sr>me other way to establish my innocence, you must believe me guilty." He was taken to his cell, and found Ella there. " Gerald !" she implored, " do yon know that my life and happiness ere at 1 stake with yours ? 8hail some false sentiment of honor keep your lips sealed ? Do you owe me, your betrothed, nothing?" " My own," he said, clasping her close in his embrace. " Do not mako my task impossible I Give me e ^ surance of your bust, jov i ttith * J tbeil " As you will then. My faith, my trust, are yours for ever t" " Can it be," she thought, as, with eyes which burned, yet shed no tears she watched him from her sight, " that the woman be once loved can know of thi»—that she has aught to do with this secret which keeps him silent ? Tet I have said I will trust him. Aye, so I will, but I must go to. her, and ask if it is in her power to uolook his silence." It was a young, a lovely face which looked with such imploring eyes into that older, more beautiful one of Lady Horton, summoned from her husband's bedside. " Gerald Cballoner is accused of murder, you tell jne, aod this rumour has not reached me here. Yon say yon know his fare is in ray hands. You are right—you are right! but, oh, bow can I, without bringing worse than death upon myself, boy bis aoquittal? At such a price would he desire it ?" - " Madam," tbe young girl answered, u you surely loved htra once, wben yon were his betrothed, though I have heard the story of how cruelly you betrayed him. Let the memory of that past love plead with you now, and add to it my agony." " Child, leave me! Let me think, plan, do something to unravel this horrible web." The day of the trial dawned dear and bright. The sun mocked with its van rays the crowded court. One witness after another WM examined, until tbe name of Millioent Horton startled all present. " I am a witness by my own desire," she began, " since I alone can save this man from death. He came into the park to meet me. Onoe we had bean lovers. I knew that I had wronged him, and my heart yearned for one forgiving word. It was wrong, I know. Have I not met my punishment f We met; he told me he waa betrothed to another—that he had long since learned forgiveness in forgetfulness. I should have rejoiced at this, but I did not; I could not. Wretched, I left him to return to my duty, never to see him more, wben suddenly my husband appeared before me. He had followed me from tbe house, and bad heard all. " Wretched woman 1" he exclaimed, " I will give you back the freedom yon so crave ; but remember, you, whom} have loved so well, are my murderess." " With these words—oh, spare me! —he drew a pistol, placed it to his heart, and fired. I screamed and fed. Gerald, hearing the shot, sprang to his side; bat he is innocent, and I am guilty. My husband is dead !** WTiiter and whiter had grown the ghastly lips which told the tale, «ntil,|at the last words, the beautiful head drooped low. The exritement had proved mom than the slight ftame oould bear. Tbe heart fluttered, and waa for ever stiil. Millioent Horton had gone for judgment to a higher and more merciful Judge. But in the long years of happiness Ella aad imm amoe Pmown, Ella's hands never fail in bringing flowers to her grave. W.J. 