ggatet ffetog. BTHE CHIEF SECRETARY.—Mr. Colton re turned from Port Lincoln on Thursday afternoon, and resumed his public duties this morning. REFORMATORY HULK BOYS AT THE AGRI CULTURAL COLLEGE.—Mr. C. Proud, Secre tary of the Destitute Commission, has re ceived a reply to a letter forwarded to Pro fessor Custance, with reference to th suggestion of the Commission to send boys from the Reformatory Hulk to the Agricultural College at Roseworthy. Professor Custance writes—" I have to inform you that in the event of your suggestion being approved of by the Government, which is not probable, accommodation would have to be provided for the boys quite separate from the College, requiring the erection of buildings, and the maintenance and supervision of the boys in an establishment entirely distinct from the College and farm. I would suggest the purchase of 100 acres of land, to be fanned by a number of the boys, as the most economical way of teaching the boys nractical farming, this farm, of course, being managed by a practical farmer." THE S.S. LUSITANIA.—The local agents have been advised from Albany, W. A, that the Lusitania, which left here at 7 p.m. on Monday, passed Breaksea, W.A., at 5 p.m. on Thursday. BUSHMEN'S CLUB.—The annual meeting of the above Club will be held in the Club premises, Whitmore-square, this evening. RIVER LEVELS.—The following was the state of the river at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on December 19:—Gundagai, 4 ft. 4 in.; Wagga Wagga, 3 ft 6 in.; Hay, 1 ft. 6 in.; Balranald, 2ft. 3in.;Namoi, Bourke, Louth, Tilpa, Wilcannia, Mogil, Mungundi, andGoodoga, low; Barwon, 2ft.; Brewarrina, 1 ft., rising; Menindie, 2 in.; Pooncarie, 9 in.; Wentworth, 6 ft. 9 in.; Albury, 3 ft. 3 in.; Wahgunyah, 3 ft. 8 in.; Echuca, 6 ft. 7 in,; Swan Hill, 6 ft. 8 in.: Euston, 7 ft.; Over land Corner, 4 ft. 7 is. TELEGRAPH LINES.—A notice posted at the General Post- Office states that Berne telegraphs Trinidad Demarara cable interrupted. Telegrams sent by best means without change of tariff. Caspian Sea cable repaired. Cable from Canary Islands to Fort Louis, Senegal, open for telegrams; tariff Is. 3d. per word, in addition to the rate to the Canary Islands. COLOMBO ITEMS.—Our correspondent Colombo : writes under date December 3:— "Mr. G. F. Vernon with a s.s. Clyde team has been playing a Colombo cricket club team while the steamer lay here thirty hours waiting for the Nonpariel. Sir Arthur Gordon is getting into , hot water in Ceylon by imposing additional and objectionable taxa tion with a high hand—among the rest a Customs tax on paper and stationery, and increased stamp and postal duties. A Glasgow Company has sent £50,000 for investment in tea in Ceylon, and purchases of land and plantations have been made for a Syndicate, believed to have representatives in Australia as well as London." GAWLER MODEL SCHOOL. —The Gawler Model School came before the public in a very prominent form on Wednesday and Thursday, December 17 and 18\. It has been felt by the Board of Advice that sufficient prominence has not been given to their 'doings, and in order to let the public see what the school is capable of doing on Wednesday evening the adult classes gave an entertainment in the Institute Hall, which was crammed to overflowing. A long and varied programme was exceedingly well carried out by the children, and the frequent and !hearty applause told how well their efforts were appreciated by the audience. Major Plummer, the Head Master, read his report, which was of a most satisfactory nature. Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P. (Chairman of the Board of Advice), in addressing the audience, said last year at the distribution of certificates to the children it was thought advisable that the parents should know more of what the children were doing, and prompted by the Head Master he considered that a distribution of prizes would be about the best means of bringing the children's school knowledge more directly under the parents' notice. He had found the persons he had spoken to most willing to assist in the movement, and about £13 had very quickly been raised for the purpose of purchasing prizes. With the exception of special prizes, the winners of the various classes had passed in all subjects at the Inspector's examination in October last, when the school gained 83 per cent. In looking over the report he found that the girls were equal in most cases with the boys, and whatever might be said as to the mental capacity of women it could be seen that at least in the Gawler Model School the girls were making equal progress with the boys. He hoped that gathering would become an annual affair. On Thursday afternoon the junior classes—in fact the whole school—again assembled at the Institute, and there was a very large gathering of the general public. The programme was repeated with great success, and Mr. Wincey distributed the prizes to the junior scholars. A presentation was made to Mr. T. W. Cole by the scholars of the fourth and fifth classes for the interest he had taken in their studies and in the formation of a fife and drum band. Mr. Cole suitably responded. Special prizes were given by Mr. T. C. Beadnall and by Misses Glenny and Benson. The gatherings altogether have been most successful. CONGRATULATORY ADDRESS. — A neatly designed congratulatory address has been presented by the officials and representative workmen of the Wallaroo Smelting Works to Mr. James Harvey, Superintendent of the Works, on the occasion of his marriage and departure for England. The address was designed and illuminated by Messrs, E, S. Wigg & Son, SCHOOL CONCERT.—The pupils of Mrs. and Misses Wellsman gave a concert before a full attendance of parents and friends, in the schoolroom. Semaphore-road, on Thursday night, December 18. Displayed on a table was an interesting exhibition of the children's fancy work during the past quarter. The pupils, who number over 40, ranging between 7 and 16 years of age, showed considerable proficiency in woolwork, Poonah painting, wool and beaded slippering, and crewel work. There was a piece ,of handsome kidwork surmounting an emu egg, and a pretty sampler, the latter being the production of a child 7 years ot age. A programme was well carried out by the children, who proved their igress in instrumental and vocal music, Eey werealso questioned in various branches of education, the answers being of a satisfactory character. The concert, which was the first of its kind in connection with the school, passed off well. SALISBURY YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.—The annual conversazione of this Society was held on Wednesday evening, in the new Institute Hall, Salisbury. The President (Mr. J. P. Swann, J.P.) occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. The President said the Society was 18 years of age, the past session had been a successful one, useful work had been done, and the membershiproll was about the largest on record. The opening of the hall was an epoch in the Society's history, as with its superior accommodation greater success might be looked for. The programme, a rather lengthy one, was well carried ,out, and the net results financially will be the addition of about £10 to the funds of the Institute, which with £20 previously given is considered a worthy contribution from the Society. .The overtures (piano and violin) "Songs of Switzerland" and "Lucia di Lammermoor" were well rendered by Miss Norman and M G. Offelsmeyer, About twenty members of the Sol-fa Class, led by Mr. A. Wittber, gave with good effect the glees "Departure" and "God bless the Prince of Wales." Mr. H. J. Coker was very effective in the song " The Sea is England's Glory," and with Mr. Blake in the duet " The Sailor Sighs" and " Run them in" the latter taking amazingly with the audience. Mr. E. Moss recited " Ask Papa," Mr. C. Ball "The Country Squire," and Mr. A. H Pedler " Coeur-de-Lion at the Bier of his Father." The duet "The Flower Gatherers" was nicely given by the Misses Blake, and the songs "Summer Showers," " There let us Dream," "Come back to Erin," and "At the Ferry," by the Misses Kekwick, Swann, JoneB, and Pretty, respectively. Thetamusing farce, "A Dead Shot," by members of the Society, raised hearty peals of laughter, Mr. H. G. Paternoster being especially good as Louisa. During the evening a number of conundrums were read in com petition, and the prize was awarded to one sent in by the Secretary (Mr. Moss). Mrs. William Urlwin, jun,, also secured a prize for ladies' work—a beautifully-made cloud. The Ifctional Aotb?m closed the prQceedings, SEMAPHORE ART AND INDUSTRIAL EXHI- BITION.—This Exhibition was concluded on Thursday afternoon and evening. There was a large attendance. The principal feature in the entertainment, interspersed between several choruses by some ten or twelve children under Mr. Fowler, were several competitions. For recitations, Sir. E. Mitchell obtained first place for a well-delivered piece —"The Dreadful Story of a Masher," and Mr. Bott received mention for his " Spanish Champion." A spelling-bee caused considerable amusement, and Miss L. Burton e and Mr. J. Styles proved themselves equal in a proficiency of the art. Mr. McLennm was adjudged the best of several impromptu speakers, the subject being " Courtship and Marriage." About twenty conundrums were sent in, and Mesdames Burton, Kennedy, and Purvis awarded Mr. Millard the palm for the best. ^Misses E. Millard and E, Shorney contributed instrumental music. Mr. E. H. Derrington, who acted as phrenologist, was largely_ patronised. Altogether the affair^ was considered a decided success, and it is intended to make it an annual institution. CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE " OBSERVER." —The Christmas number of the Adelaide Observer, which is now obtainable at this office and the various agencies, will be found to be of exceptional interest this year. It contains no less than sixty-eight pages of matter of a most varied character, which will commend itself to the acceptance of al classes of readers. There are stories for the old and stories for the young, an Acting Charade and a round of Christmas games, poetry suggested by the season of the year, and an unusually diverse and interestinr budget from the Editors of the Riddleranc Chess columns. The first story—"Two Christmas _ Eves"—is based upon a pa thetic incident which occurred in Australia, but the lesson of charity and forbearance which is the burden of the tale is appropriate enough now, and should not pass by unfoigotten. " Vane Tresham" is a wellwritten and cleverly worked-out sketch of a disciple of Pythagoras and a believer in metempsychosis. The extraordinary narrative will probably be read with incredulity, but none the less will it absorb the attention of its readers. The next story," The Golden Chain," tenderly illustrates the gaining of the good time that once was coming, and the looking forward to the better time to come. The writer of "A Christmas Day at the South Pole" describes in a very graphic way his appointment by the editor of an enterprising newspaper as special correspondent to the Sonth Pole, the only place where the said newspaper is "not properly represented ;" his trip thither in a flying machine, fearfully and wonderfully made; his marvellously quick arrival there; the result of his interviews with the web-footed antarctic folk, their language, their religion, and their " musty laws" and morecurious customs;" and the South Pole itself —"A vast obelisk, an immense shaft of iron at least a mile in height, and tapering to a" sharp apex." Lindsay Duncan's tale of " Up the River" happily unites the old land and the new in a manner that is very congenial to one's thoughts at Christmastide. Passing by a "Christmas Catastrophe," and a thrilling " True Ghost Story," we come to a round of Christmas games, and an Acting Charade, which will have special interest for the young folk, for whose delectation also there are two pretty children's stories, which will give very genial delight. The Riddler's Literary Mincepie" excels in attractiveness the Editor's former efforts to amuse and entertain his numerous readers at Christmas time, while the Chess Budget will be of special in terest in view of Mr. Blackburne's expected arrival in the colony. Added to all these attractions there are two supplements—one being a fine engraving of a happy domestic scene, and the other an illustrated sketch of the delightful tours in the wonderland of New Zealand which the Union Steamship ! Company has arranged for the summer holidays. As New Zealand . possesses scenes which charm travellers who have beheld the great sights of the Old World, these^cheap excursions should tempt many a colonist to spend his holiday in the way the Company so enticingly suggest. THE RECENT CALCUTTA EXHIBITION.—The whole of the certificates and diplomas awarded to South Australian exhibitors at the Calcutta Exhibition have been received by the Secretary, and are awaiting distribution at the offices of the Commission. DEATH OF MR. T. G. BROWN.—An old and worthy coloniBt, Mr. T. G. Brown, of Kin? William-street, died from an attack oi dysentery on Thursday afternoon at his residence, Horncliffe Villa, Wakefield-street. The deceased was 71 years of age, and had acquired a well- earned reputation among business men in the city for his integrity and uprightness. Naturally of a quiet and unobtrusive disposition, he never occupied a public position of any kind, but he, nevertheless, took a keen interest in political and municipal matters. For over twenty years he was an elder of Chalmers Presbyterian Church, and, along with Mr. Henry Brown, held that post throughout the late Professor Davidson's pastorate of that Church. He was also for a considerable time a member of the Masonic fraternity. The deceased arrived in South Australia in the ship Irene in 1854 from Berwick-on- Tweed. He leaves a son and a daughter, both of whom are married, and three grandchildren. FUNERAL OF THE HON. THOMAS ENGLISH. —The remains of the late Hon. Thomas English, M.L.C., were interred in the Westterrase Cemetery, on Thursday afternoon, December 18. The City Council adjourned their fortnightly meeting out of respect to Mr. Engl'sn, and attended the funeral. The cortege consisted of the hearse, five mourning coaches, and a long procession of private vehicles. The service was conducted by the Rev. D. Pa ton, M. A., and at the grave there were a large number of persons present to pay their last tribute of respect to the deceased gentleman. The chief mourners were Captain English, J.P. I brother), Mr. Joseph English (son), Messrs. IS. J. Southwell, T. G. Browa, jun., and P. H. Burden (sons-iu-law), Messrs. John S. Scott, J. Brown, and H. Brown (nephews), Messrs. Wm. Ferguson, Wm..Hamilton, J.P., and J. Watson (Elders" of Chalmers Cburch), Messrs. R. Gardiner, G. K. Soward (partner), R. Hay, J. Kelly, W. G. Hammond, F. Gatty, and D. Tweedie. Among those present were His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Henry Ayers President of the Legislative Council), Sir William Milae, Hons. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., W. Sandover, M.L.C., R. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., J. G. Ramsay, M.L.C., J. Pickering, M.L.C., T. Hogarth, ML.C., W. C. Buik, M.L.C., J. B. Spence, M.L.C., J. Hodgkiss. M.L.C., M. Salom. M.L.C., J. C. Bray, M.P., and L. Glyde, Messrs. J. H. Howe, M.P., E. T. Smith. M.P., T. King, M.P., L. L. Furner, M.P., P. B. Coglin, M.P., W. H. Beaglehole, M.P., R. Rees, M.P., and J. H. Bagster, M.P., the Rev. J. Macbean, M. A, the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W. Bundey, J.P.), and the following members of the City Corporation:—Aldermen Kither, Fox, Richardson, Holland, and Shaw, Councillors Rounsevell, Frost, Klauer, Nicholls, Downs, Raphael, Bullock, Parker, and Robertson, and Mr. Thomas Worsnop (Town Clerk), Dr. Gardner, M.D., Mr. R. Berry (City Missionary), Messrs. F. G. Singleton (Clerk of the Legislative Council), John Thompson, H. Thompson, J. L. Bonython, J.P., F. B. Burden, J.P., J. Robertson, J.P.. and W. Everard. J.P., D. Garlick, E. H. Bayer, L. A. Withall, E. Davies, and J. Haslam (architects), C. Farr, H. Fraser, andL. T. Carter, J. J, Niven, F. Bethel, T. M. McKinlay, R. R. Wilkins,! and many other citizens. CITY COUNCIL, — The usual fortnightly meeting was held on Thursday, December 18, but the only business undertaken was the disposal of the Finance Committee's report, it being decided to adjourn out of respect to the memory of the Horn T. English, M.L.C., who had filled the position of Councillor and Mayor of the city. Some of the Councillors, led Dy Councillor Raphael, endeavoured to prevent a postponement, but the Standing Orders were suspended by the wish of the majority, and an adjournment was made until after the holidays. The financial report for the fortnight ended December 16 stated that the receipts amounted to £1,953 2s. 9d., the payments to £4,906 7s. 8d., and that there was a . balance on the debit side of £13,633 19s. 6d. The Torrens Dam Erection Fund showed the receipts to date to be £2,540 6s. lid., which, added to £15,000 loan, made a total of £17,540 6s. lid., while the expenditure was £17,465 7s. 4d.. and (there was a credit balance of £74 19s. 7d. The Chairman of the committee (Alderman Tomkinson), in moving the adoption of the report, spoke in somewhat discouraging terms of the large overdraft on the city receipts, and a few remarks on the matter were made by other members. The Mayor stated there would be no overdraft at the end of next year if his advice was followed, and called attention to the fact that £9,000 of the debt had been incurred before his term of office. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.—The prizes won at the Pulteney-street Boys' School will be presented this morning by Bishop Kennion, who, in the afternoon, will preside at the half-yearly distribution of prizes at St. Peter's College. His Excellency the Governor will be present at the latter. SCHOOL DISTRIBUTION.—The prize distribution in connection with the Advanced School for Girls takes place at the Y.M.C.A. £voms at 2 o'clock th|s afternpon. 