(fejr Cjjatr latlmgs. The Ministry have arranged for a junketing tour round the world for one of its members. Irrigation is certainly much needed in the drier districts of the oolony, and it is desirable that the fullest possible information should be to hand before large, expensive works are undertaken. But what qualification has Mr. Deakin to enable him to deal with matters of tbis kind 1 He is not an engineer. It is true, the lucky Alfred will be accompanied by an engineer. Bnt it is not quite clear what position the engineer is to fill —is he to eduoate the hon. Alfred, or is the Minister to educate the engineer 1 Is the engineer to be the Pearson or the Berry of the water embassy P What adds an air of ridicule to the affair is the announcement that a board, consisting of Messrs. M'Coll and Dow, M.L.A.'s, are to accompany Mr. Deakin. The sending of Mr. M'Coll on auch an errand is a great mistake. Already he considers that he knows more about water than any living man. He is so inflated with his own knowledge of the question that he will listen to no one else. Mr. M'Coll is in the place where license is given him to traduce all who would dare oppose his watery sohemes; what will be his position when he comes back from his " Royal" mission P I predict that if Huey returns safely he will prove such a bora to his fellow-members that they will wish him. —where he would be in his element—at the bottom of the sea. But, by the way, I see a design in getting rid of the boil. Alfred Deakin.. He is, as is well known, a special pet of the Age, and his colleagues fear that, if they did not shunt him, he would pull the wires, and so induoethe liberal prgan : to write up his Factories'! Bill, which his colleagues quietly wish to drop out of sight as soon as possible This is, no doubt; an astute mora;on the part of Service, Berry, Kerferd, and Co. Bat Is it not jast'» little too fliuoh lo tisk the publio to paythe cost iof the game. • The Lindonoorrespbndeut of the Argxu lets bis bigotry Tim away -with his diiretion, ana often writes trash \frhichl Woodier anyjournil with 'prfeferwidha to respectability oonspnts to publish. On Saturday .a letter from, "our own" was published' in,- the, Argiis,' in whioh 'the'; ollowing append:— In TipptinMr, I that 180 fanfc^ra fcave ustaigned Sin agreement "to potscm'all theitr ands, in order to put k stonto hunting. 116 neannew and orodfr of 'thiaproteMiqg'is ely a little above the eattl 6-maiming-and aiden t* their feforiers, the ""finest pisantry" in the world. It is no wonder that to the "natural man" It would seem amazing that any statesman should wish to give to snob creatures as these votes. If this London cockney had his way he would have every farmer wait, cap in t hand, on the hunters, attending on those afraid to face their horses at the fences, and taking out the panels to let them get through; and, after trampling down hit fields, would have him bless the hunter*' for having honoured him by their presence. The days of "hat-lifting" to the landlords have passed, and, it is to be hoped, never to return. The Irish farmers know their rights, and are determined to maintain them. If " our own" visited the colony he would be shocked to see, in a free oountry like this, so many notices posted warning persons that poisons were laid in the various paddocks. The "finest peasantry" in the world are, through their representatives, causing "our own" and his friends in the House of Commons a great deal of trouble; and no doubt they are so annoyed that they aannot help showing it—this they do with much scurrility. On this hunting subject here is what a London paper says:— One begins at this season to notioe the usual elaborate dissertations on the enormous , advantages whioh farmers are supposed to derive from having a hunt in their neighbourhood, owing to the money whioh is consequently spent, and muoh of whioh, it is usually aBserted, finds its way into their : pockets. No doubt the farmer would really benefit if it were the regular custom (as most' certainly it ought to be) for owners of studs to purohase their hay and corn at the market town; but in these degenerate days most hunting men, like other so-called sportsmen, do their business on Btrictly commercial principles, and their hay and corn are too often sent down from London by regular contractors, so that the looal farmers derive absolutely no benefit whatever. There were great complaints on this eoore last year in Leicestershire Bnd Rutlandshire. If hunting men do not make themselves acceptable to farmers, their hunting will quickly oome to an end. , Some members of our borough councils seem to think that Protestantism is a privileged denomination in tbis oolony. This appears to be the view taken by the minority in the Richmond City Council who tried on Thursday night to prevent a vote of £10 from being passed to the Richmond Friendly Brothers' Society beccause it was a Catholic Society; yet they did not offer the slightest objection to the vote of £30 to the Ladies' Benevolent Society, the rules of whioh state that the officers of the society must be Protestants. This seemB to be bigotry with a vengeance, and I cannot understand how men can act in such a spirit. I could understand, the striking out of the votes to all striotly denominational societies, but to give to one and refuse to another is an action which all who are not bigots must condemn. Sir Henry Parkes is now a sadder if not a wiser man. Rushing into law, he chose his own weapons against his op- - ponent, Mr. Webb, and instituted a criminal action for libel. On the de-•> fendant being committed,- the Crown came to the aid of. Sir Henry, and prosecuted. In two trials—in one of which the Attorney-General (Mr. Dalley) prosecuted personally—the jury disagreed. Sir Henry has now instituted a civil action against Mr. Webb. The investigation of his financial affairs to whioh the late Premier has had to Bubmit must have been painfully humiliating. The revelations made by the Insolvency Judge (Sir Alfred Stephen) who was oalled for the defenoe showed that Sir Henry's certificate was refused because he had applied trust funds to other uses than that for which : they were intended. Sir Henry, who was to have rivalled the Great Napoleon in glory, has fallen so low that a jury of his oountrymen refuse to convict a person who had no doubt libelled him. This, - should be a caution to all politioal trick- , sters. Sir Henry, at a critical time in the sister colony-r-the O^Farrell episode— : used his posiioon to defame a portionof the oolonists. The Kiatna ghost, who, wassupposed to have made the startling revelations. pf the ramifications of the Fenian Brotherhood, has long since been buried; but Inshineu oan never forget the" spleen and vindicUveness of the man who nearly created a oivil war. The treatment of Sir. E & ward , B utler sho w* that what wassaidofanotherjndividaalmight well be < applied to Sir-lleury—"That, henever had afnendKedi^not dwt, / nor a cause he did not betray;" X h<>{*' that with this oase the colonists of Kew South . Wales wiU We healths Wtof that, political ohwlMteDt /j^r ^ Henry , Paxkps,. • . .-h-M^SI lit.eft . ' ' ? ? 