S' She has given me my answer to-night, as she promised, he thought. ' The letter looks stained with tears.' ; -'The&newspaljcr; scrap felbl out i He read it first, keeping tie precious letter to be dwelt upon; and, studied later. : But the printed item seemed to have no connecti?lwith Beryl, and he laid it aside i9onderin .j RThin,he read: the letter -not once, but againand agairi, He studied the tiiewspaper scrap In the light thus throin ulponhit. It is needlesso.say thit Beryl's revealation was very bitter to him. He could have sworn from' her :wellbred air,: and gentle unfailing courtesy, her half- haughty carriage, her:ipoud patrician tibeauty, her regaird for ther's feelings •evein those ofqthe mnieanest servant, 'tlat slid w?.s of gkitle8 birth, thl e child of long genera tions of culture and education:: Knowing so well thed?dirity tiid uprightness'of hf nature, he had believed heridescended from honor able people who had-transmitted to her their, o6n iharrcferistic.. '"If her cheeks~ lhad biurned.ln :writing her--letter, liis burned in ,redingtit,ibut.burned ihi?,lmirkiidn of her bravery, her truthfulness, her.simple honesty. How easily she might'have kept all this from hinimif ShW had wished ! But it was the latter part of the letter that hurt .him most deeply. A widow ,t'thd ahge of seventeen--a widow wh~erlih had believed he~ ~imaiden--tlie widb'ow o a man, whose reals'iame she said she didnot know I! S:For an hour Desmond gave liims'elf up to his thoughts, which we will not attempt' to detail., It is- enoiugli to say. that -Beryl's letter seemed to'him full of bitterest pathos,and that he had'not-loved her half so well before His s'oul dvriflowed with a passionate.tender ness for her. , He was a proud man, buthis pride w'asari hdhorable and elevating princi ple, not a degrading sentiment. He had,no father or motlier.. There was rio 6neltb grieve shotild he make a misalliance, so con sidered frbm a wordly point of view, and~np one to interfere. Beryl was pure and sweet and good, endowed with a rare beauty; and with many talents. He loved her with a Spassion.that amazed himself. Give her up -never I What mattered her origin? What inattered it that she had been the wife -of, a scoundrel? He.pitied and loved her all the more foriwhatshe had suffered.. - "He heard somewhere towards midnight a troubled step pacing, softly to. and fro.-, His face was transfigured as he hearkened. i .' 'My poor little darling I' he whispered to himself.' -'Is it too late to sehd 'her a message? I cannot let her think I have let her go out:of my life as she has bid:me-she must not think so even till morniig.' He took ti'p the letter she had Written him and laid it on the fire. Then went to his desk and wrote these lines in a firm hand that was in index to. his firm, strong, master ful nature'? ' ; 'My poor little.Beryl---I have read 'your letter and burned it. ': So let your past perish from your-niirid. We ivill never allude to it hereafter.; you shall begin a new life with me, mydarling, aindI' will make your life all sun shine, if God will permit me, and if shadows do obscure ouripath we shall, yet tread it to gether. My:darling, I shall.not let you go froniie'l :"Did you think that I should'love you less because you had suffered I My own Beryl, you:have not.known me. I shall pro cure a special license to- rniorrow for our mair riage, and on'the daiy after to-moriow? I shall take your life into my keeping. NOBLE DES?OIND;'.: . ·::.. As he .folded this note, he saw the news paper itenm stil'l lying on the table.:- lHe took up thescrapi andrburned that alsd, watching it flane:up and burn to a blue crisp ghost of what'it had been, atid thdn, his letter in hand, he stole softly up the stairs to Beryl's door. He thrust his letter beneath it as slie' had done a little before with her letter at:his door, and tapped once very lightly on the panel to ciallheri attention, and then he returned to his own rooni-.- - --- - He heard her pause in her walk, he heard her quick spiiig forward as she caught sight of the white messenger of joy upon the floor. Noanswer came'from her that::night.- He did not go to bed, rind during hotir after hour, as he sat by' his fire wakeful and deeply thoughtful, he could hear her light movements now and theniri~a'slie drossed her room, or went:to her~window, or stirred her fire. .; :She is sleepless too !' he thought, .yearn isigly." She cannot refuse.me again.! I shall not give her,up,,whtitever her scruples, or re luiaiiince::: I: have 'found my pearl o.'f great priceiland:I shallt hol:; her fast ! -Oh, if it were onily mior'ilig that I mightcomfort her I Will the morning never come ?' .C ; ..:: i.: HAPTER ,XXVII. The' long might wore away at last, and morn ing dawned; a morning gray with fog and chill with dampness; Noble Desmond made his tbil'et fir the:day, and listened-to every sound in:.the corridor, tbo:every stepdn the stair, with :ahopeof:receiving some further message from; Beryl' Butrnbone came. The housemaid scrubbed 'the i:dooreps, and performed her. usual duties-:throughout the house, bringing Desmond's breakfast to himt at eight o'clock. But.he-could not eat,- and did not sit down tohis-table. He -began to think it strange that hrdiid 'not' hear from Beryl: ' '. "' Slii m?i? intdenidto slip away froti :ne," he thought--' to force my freedom baick: upon me:.-.,She doesh't:know with whom She is dealing,' and a smile lit up his fair face. 'She doesn't'ktid'fen'e yet When she confessed that she lboVed-e hie h'e conifessed that she belonged to me by:a right divine, and not all theworld can take her from me-not even herjown twilli Ig "IiHe heard a light step on the:stairi Then a little n6ot ca&me; softly under his'door. The sti~?p 'itintiied-~ to descend t'he loIbw'er stairs. Desmond-.;caught !up his! letter hastily, and found ti'at it contained only thesey?ords. COIt~mnrioti) take' ridvantage of yourgene osity.' Spare us both the pain of nieeting again1l - - - ona~n(,?O? .. . .. .• : Depmond crushed theletter into his pocket, put on h.iis hat, gnd hurried out of the house. Asthe had comprehended, -Beryl-was al ready-on her way to Brunswick Square. He turnetld'iiit6 Oxford street, and she was but,a litile I 'dii;in i 'ce.o'hini, jer slendei' :eiatic figuriBli'arig a weary droopi tliht tbld plaiuiy enough?- of.th- hdilgh't'.s- sleiipl'i-ses :.- T?id anxieties:' -She -did' not lodk: back;,andlh:e folloed clbso: bhiind h1i as! she tiih'ed: ihto Tottenham Couirt iRbad; .. Whcn she' iade the customary divergence into Bedford Square, he stepped forward very quietly and drew her arm within his. .B3eryl looked up with a low cry, and would have drawn away from him, but he held her hand in a firm clasp that did not'hee'd-her siruggles. She had a small parcel in her hand dontaining the roll that was toserve as her luncheon. Desm6isd took the .'rcel -from her- gently inid thrust it into his outer-coat :l'pbcl~ket. ''He was gentle arid tender as the;most humble lover, but he'had also an air of quiet authority, a masterful protectiveness,, as if she belonged to hihl utterly, that thrilled tlie gil's:lonely heart anew with joy aiid pain. ::- :..0. 6 'Are you on 7 your way to Brunswick Square,? he asked. . Beryl replied in the affirmative. \- ''-I shall go writh 'ou to Mrs. Ryan s door,' said Desmond, 'and will wait for yhuoutside. Yoiii;Zitay, need be buit _brief. All that is necessary to say to the lady is that you must resign yonr situation. I shal send you back to ~\lls-street in a cab, .and shall .ome to ,you is 'soon as I have. transacted , little business at Doctor's Commons. Is this sat ;isfactory to you,. iy darling ?'.: ..!The square was i'ery silent, the morning thick'with fog. He bent his head to look6 into her face: She was: rery pale and wan, with big brown eyes set :in purple circles. Her short rings of red-brown hair, of a itint that painters love, shaded a troubled:brow. She looked weary and sorrowful. 'Did you find any note this morning ?' she asked. '-Yes,' he answered. 'Did you think, Beryl, that I should let your girlish scruples come between us now? You are free :fo marry me. I love you, I am free to marry you, 'I can give you a comfortable home. \Wh~more can be said ? \Ve will bury this dead past'out of our memory. I .will teach yoilto forgelt that 'ineti are sometimes base and.cruel, and your. life henceforth in an atinosphere of perpectual sdinshine..You need never think or speak of him who perished in the Alps so recently. 1Ve will forget that.he ever lived. Your girlish fancy for him was not love, you say.' 'No, oh, no. I scorn his memory now and hate myself that ever I fancied I loved him. But you are a gentlemani, Noble. I am not a fit wife for you.' S' Permit me to be the judge of that,' said Desmond, smiling. 'You are a lady, Beryl, despite any cloud on your origin, and despite your recent misfortunes, and any man of however high rank would be honored by marriage-wvilth you. "I accept all tlihe responsi iility;-you- are inot even to -think in the matter. And you are to become-my wife to-morrow.' Beryl ceased her protestations. It was pleasant to submit to this stronger will, to be led i:tl the way of happiness even against hWr convictions of what was due Desmond. '-He has been dead ;some ;four or. five months,' she said in a Iowv voice. 'Our marriage was never published in EEngland, although we isre married at Geneva and lived for a month near Ouchy-on :Lake Leman. I- have never been iailled-l by ;ih name, never worn mournmng for him, and never informed any onie in England, except my mother's brother, of my marriage.' : 'You are thinking that this marriage seenms to come very soon after the other ?' said Des mond, comprehending her thoughts. 'True, Beryl, but tlhe words you have just spoken contain sufficient excuse, were one nieeded, for this: speedy second marriage.: 1 Ypu :are ni?t-k.~ias to be a widow, and have no need to wait a year- out of:respect t6"a'a man who proved himself a villain. 'Trust - me dailifig. Let me:have my own w'iay aboutfour mat riage.- -- - --' -.. - - Beryl yielded her will to that of her lover, although even as she did so a strange presen timent of evil elbuded her 'spirit;. She 'dlid not speakof this presetitimient, attributing it perhaps-to physical weakoness, btitt she swas veryssilent.throughout the remainder of- the ivallk to Brunsvwick Square. Desmond left 'her at Mrs. Ryan's.door and went in search of a cab,. He returned:in the vehicle, but was obliged to wait a ;full half hour before Beryl came down the steps, her cheks flushed, and an indign'mnt:reda sar!k gloving in her eyes. Desmond aligiited- at first siglit of her. He helped her into the vehicle, and stood by the open door, his hat in his hand.- -. - - 'I could hardly get away,' said the girl, with a half laugh. ' Mrs. Ryan was :iot will. ing to lose me, after all. She reproachled me for mny ingratittide in wv',isliiig to leave her, read me a long lecture tipon iiy.impiovidenice in givinig Up a good situatioif, and kept back the sovereign she owes meas I a,:sleaving iher without due notice. - . \- ,- Your acquaintance with .her, is: happily ended said Desmond. . '.I shall be very busy for some hours, Beryl, and shall:not be h6me until late in the afternoon. I must make air'rangements to take you away on :a little bridal tour, if:it is only, to spend a week at Brighton. An'd nows' she added, wit?h .: shade of embarrassment, 'there is but one thing more, dear. :Ydu may desire to: make a few .'purchases for thie eventfuil bccasion; If so, y~u have several hours before vou.' Thie fog i ':clearing, and the day miay be fine after all. To morrow we shall. have a. com mon purse: You will make me very, happy if you will anticipate .your right :'by a single day.:- - .;He putihis hand :to his pocket.B BeryI stopped him by a gestu're: '-I have plenty of mioney, :she' sfiid." 'I: will make my pu chitses out' of what I had?d' Please tell the man to drive t:o Oxforid-s treet. I iuvil tell hiim svheni. to stop. 'Desmond complied with the request, -ahd the lovers-parted, hed to go-cityiarjanda~i dh'h gung to Oxfdrd-stieet - i .When she left Mrs. :Margle's that morning, Beryl-.had--- determined ' to : seek' chdaper lodgings before returnirig at niglh't. She had used -a l?rger portiootn ttie moiney ,that re mamned to her from the fund acquired ,s Geneva by the sale of her trinkets, and was inr-ieed of-shoes and:gloves ;She .had putr intos herlpocket two. or' three pieces- of hes mother'sjewellery, inicludingadiaimorid bro6och Willh the int~ition' of selling tlineni. Herjdie termination to so dispose, of them was: ?til'l utichnaiigd. ;:She. hadi hber, fair sihare of womanly pride. Her toes isere peeping fromn her . boots, although ;-the , white :stockings' beneath had been carefully inked thilat .it might :iot show. "'Her - glov,.s haid been ltrned aind mended "'u'til theyiti uere ?i st menirdinig. Hr? liat lia beoinged t he'r school wardrobe; and alter six m'ohn s uivair in rain and sun, despite repeated renewals of the ribbon trimming, was very shabby indeed, It will beremembered thait she had not re tained any portion of the wardrobe Conyers had-bought for-her. i " I vwant to look my best to-morrow,' she tl?ou ht. 'Tla tit'td look Ieaitiful to Noble. I. will not go to him with these shabby school garments bought for me by my -~ncle's morniey I will procure a proper outfit that he may not be ashamed'of me. :I must sell my mother's je~iels; but the clothes I shrill buy wrill seemi a if?ift fidm her. Ald I shall still have her'necklace and ruby locket.' She stopped.thei~ab at',-a jeweller s:.shop, and alightId.t i'ho ~ rooaci Ih' offerd'd fdr sale was north above a hundred--pounds; She obtained sixtypounds for it,:the jeweller iuformingheritha?bhe was notjin tl~e habit bf buying second-hand ornaments, but_ would make an.exception to his.rule for her b,eaefit. W~·~itli :thid~i!i~?''mori'`hf an hdrid, She diove tb?fi odtfitte's d rihsd itdwhitsf'of fii bindergrm . To 'a milliner's, and bought a dainty r~und'hat of black velvet, trimiied .ita ltiue ostr:ch feathers aid ridrbbih' to aitch, thebimi raced with pale blue silk. Then she prot~eeded to a fisticlassdrygoods- establishmeint and pujr chased a wedding -dress ahd a travelling .costum e .... . .. ... ... . . .. . . . . Tl-fe forer swas a dainty grey silk, with a grey velvet jacket. The latter was of navy blue serge. Greyandnavy-blue gloves an? a pair of fine i'alking boots completeder list of rulrchaes,'thewhole having cost only some seventeen pounds. She returned to \Vells street with her new acquisitions, and ihe housemaid carried them upstairs for lier. Beryl's: presence in her rooms during the 'daynwas1 something unprecedented. Her arrival in a cab with large white paper-boxes and,heavy parcels, partook ofthe marvellous. MIrs. 'Mirgle made haste to call'upon her iod?dr td learn the meaning of 'these singular proceedigs. ...... She found Beryl tryingonher new silkgown, and the .good ,woman stood amazed PThe ruffled skirt, the graceful tunic; the well-fitting basque, which had been adapted to the form of its present owner, the soft frills of tulle at the throat and in the slashed sleeves, were stared at by the landlady with a countenance that grew with every inistant more severe. ' Excuse me, miss,' she said, frigidly, ' as it is so unusual for you to come home so early in the day, Imliadebold to come up to see if you were ill. Ibeg pardon for my intrusion I'm sure.' . : L .. , - " - 'It is no intrusion,' said .Beryl,:pledsaiitly. 'Please sit down, Mrs. Margle. -Iam. only trying on a new dress, and am not at all:ill., 'I am glad :to hear. it, Miss Star,' said Mrs., Margle, stiflly. 'Your gown is very beaditildl, fit: fdr a lidy.i of. fortiio~e -Vitli ofily twenty Ahillings a weefk, you could not afford it, of course. Mrs. Ryan must have 6pened her heart wonderlully to be capable of giving you, a ?ilk. Jgowpn.ike,.that, just, out.ofthe. shop, with the basting- threads still in it.' ' Mrs. Ryan did not. give it to me,' said Beryl, coloring. ':I bought it out of my own money, and for a special purpose. I have given utp my situation with Mrs. Ryan.' ' ' Indeed I and you've got another and bet ter one, perhaps ?' 'Yes,' said Beryl, laughing and blushing. 'I had not intended to be the first to tell you, Mrs. Margle, but-I am going to be married.' gi b 'To be married ! Lord save us I, and who to, Miss Star,-if I hiay miake bold to ask'?' 'To Mr. Desmond,'said Beryl; gravely, the lovely color lingering in her cheeks like..a vivid stain. 'It was agreed upon lastevehinig when he came to meet me in the fog, and this morning Mr. Desmond desired me to give up i~y situation ai:t Mrs. Ryan's. This is to be my vedding-gown' ' Well, I never I' said Mrs MaLigle. ' And only yesterday you was wanting a cheap attic I And only lastrevening Mr. Desmond was in the drawing-robin as unconcerned as you please,,as, cool. and..smiling an d, delicate-like. as he.always is; and now to-day you are both engaged to be..married, and, you've bought' the wedding-gow6 iP Whata w.;orld.-f change it is, to be sure I Of course, you won't want -my 'attic:now-l Shall~)ydi:-stay on with mise after your inarr!iaged?' v ' '"T dci'" kni?o. M\r. Desmond spoke of spending p.week at Brighton., gly~ehave not· had time,to form ouEplans. 'You rihay be sure that Mr. Desmond-has laid out his plans, eveniifthey should be sub-: ject to your approval;" saidy Mrs.-;Margle.: 'How I have been mistaken in him! I took him, at first, to be a sort of dainty gentleiiani with no gripin-hitri,;so to-speak,;lbtut'hi's'sgot a will like thd first Na~ol?on's I shiouldn'ti be surprised to see him Lord Chancellor somelday;- Heis to be admittedto the bar ver' doon, iand has now a clear incomeiof tiwo hundred pounds a year. You'll be doing well in your marriage? Miss ain-d I shal wish you joy. When is the bans to be put up?' 'There are.to: be no bans published,' said Beryl. 2 Mr. Desniond seems anxioiss to be niariined'at once, and will not wait three weeks, as would be necessary if he published the bans. Welive in the same parish,aind- he can easily procure a special license... He khows all aboutihe law, and how.arid, what to do. We aFe to be married to-ioarrow morning.' . . 4 