OOMMOJJ-ELACE. PHILOSOPHY. , / v. : MINI) JN L ANTMAI^ . A The distinction between instinct and :fiitelligence, is sufflcieiiily obvious toipre »entaft»±iTOr5M^,?ndej^B!ng--onfqunded witli^c^th^ ?- Instinct .may; .jit is true, - nrrga mAflr f mm rsinsniniiH or unconscious; action .T |Snnger leads .an animal to search] 'for 'food, Wd prompts it to take 'the Jfopd; best^suited for it, »£}' in this tiiere ^nay' ^e: morO 'ihari' automatism. Biit when a dog is hungry, and food is within ieacll,; uS the^nimal re&aine; froiri satisfying its: Si^p'etiA.-*' Enowifig 'it must not do so snntil permission ia granted,' there is evidence in eudi a case that the dog is; acting ;nnder -'direct mental power. It' does not alter the conclusion to. say . that : in'such' a:case the dog maybe 'under the influence sf fear, -for even - if the animal have^the ? knowledge that : a violation of ccrtaia-rules .will bring punishment, .the jnind is at'work ju/st as surely as it would ,be under opposite conditions. A curious instance of canine intelligence, involvirig ia. stretch of memory, and that certainly .was not influenced by penal consequences, is that of the collie dog described soine .time iago in the Spectator. The dog -was i. ia., favourite. , He . was lying ; asleep, and lus mistress, to see what -would- happen, . shouted in bis ear:' ;iue anuuai v.as greauy starueu, but although he leapei up at once, lie showed np particular annoyance. Next day mistress and dog were again together. ; This time the lady fell asleep, and the dog was seen to crawl quietly up to her and to put his forepaws on the arm of her chair ; then he put his muzzle to the lady's ear aud gave a single sharp bark. His mistress started up, and she dog seemed greatly to enjoy, the success which 'had attended his repititiou of the trick. Ii; this there is a display of intelligence 1 .far beyond any instinctive proceeding, i An admirable collection of facts bearing ' on animal intelligence is to be found in a recent issue of tho 'International Scientific Series,' the author being Mr ; George J. Romanes. Although intended for Bcifeiitific readers, the mass of enter taining anecdote in ' Animal Intelli gence ' will not fail to make it a popular book, for no import-nit 'incident is intro duced which has not the warranty of some name more' or less known. Usually, in popular works in which the same subject has been treated, the field has been restricted to the animals occupying the higher grades of life ; but Mr Romanes takes the widest possible survey. He ascends instead of descends in the classifi cation of his facts. And here again he differs from the ordinary but in correct mode followed by the writers of. popular works on natural history. Hij first illustration is drawn from animals so far down in the scale of creation as tho protozoa. It is known that infusoria avoid collisions, and it is possible enough that they do so under warning from tlie currents produced by approaching bodies ; but this does not account for the manner in which they seek out one another, nor for contests and the other intelligent movements which the microscope reveals on the part of the most minute organisms. Mr Darwin has shown, as the result of his own patient and repeated observations, how intelligently the earth-worm works, and he has told us something also of the , intelligent action of snails. There is the case of tho pair of snails — one apparently iu vijorous hea th, the other in a sickly condition. The strong snail was seen to disappear, and the presumprion on the pare of the observer was that it was a case of desertion. But it was found that the wanderer had sought out more luxurious quarters, and these having been found he returned to his companion, and thereupon both were seen to wond their way to the new neighborhood. Here, according to Mr Darwin, was ' the sympathetic desire that another should share in the good things which one has found.' Then there are the cephalopoda, which are described as being among the most intelligent ' representatives of the sub-kingdom. Instances are given of museum octopuses that seemed to recognise their keepers ; and an octopus is mentioned which quar relled with a lobster, and was not satis fied until it had followed the crustacean to another tank, where it had been re moved for safety and there killed it. (Jet ting to the.inseci8, Mr Romanes finds, of jcourpe, ' ample material on the soundest testimony ^th regard-to the intelligence of ants and beeB. Some curious instances are given of the sagacity ofwasps. ' An apple, picked . up iu r an . orchard, was i shaken by 'the ; finder, when a wasp ap- peared, but not head-foremost. . Its tail was. presented, with the sting exposed in an angry fashion. As soon as this wasp had- made its cscape many others came out of the -hole, and all in ihe same man ner. -They had room enough in the apple to turn round, but they appreciated lite fact that by coming out nead-first they they made there exit in the tray they could best show fight. The story is told also of a robber wasp that had captured a large fly, jbut was unable to escape with it ipwiiig : , to i&e; -wind catching the wings of ;the fly.; The wasp, aftertwo orihree unsuccessful attempts, \ bit :-off the fly's winga .and removed its prey without fur ther hindrance. There is abundant proof of the intelligence oif spiders; ;but ^Mr :RomaneB idoe^ . not , -attribute /the liking ihi&.insect aepe^f! fa.jbim fwimiunc to any otier than an instinctive cause— £o the - readines^ in fact, with ^ which the- , web .; responds to vibration: But inBjtocesareJdibwn o^.almostbuinan 1 ike forethought on the p^rt of the spider. Thus tho insect bas been seen on the approach of a storm to attach a portion of its thread to a Biriall piece' of wood, ' arid leave it thus anchored to move to and fro until the storm was over, wbenbperations were again proceeded with. Under the head of fish Mr Romanes finds remarkable instances of intelligence in the methods adopted by the angler (Lophiiis) and the Hhooting fish (Clidmon rostrotus) to secure tiieir prey, and . in the affection the stickleback .has been, known to manifest towards its offspring. The ascent to batrachians and reptiles shows a higher oraer or intelligence, ana jirumwBiux; is given to -the toad known as the Bufo o bstetricans, whose scientific name suffi ciently explains the medical part he plays. There is a story of a tame alligator that was trained to go up and down stairs, and that actually made friends with a cat. Stranger still is the case of a large tame boa that used to twinB itself around the neck and body of its mistress as harm lessly as though it had been the old fashioned fur production known by the same name. Froin this order of intelli gence Mr Romanes passes to that which is manifested in bird life, and thus takes up tho intelligence of mairimals. Here we have, of course, the most interesting field of inquiry, and it is almost inexhaustible. Most persons will be surprised to find that the horse, noble and useful ajs he is, has lesB brain power than some of the larger undomesticated quadrupeds. It is well known that he is less sagacious than the elephant ; but at the same time there is no large quadruped more emotional than the horse,, or more, iiaoie to ingnt There is, of : course, no lack of instances of Intelligence among horses of a veiy remarkable kind, and that riot, simply on the part of trained 'horses, but of others that, left to themselves, have rushed to «ave .human beings from drovming, or have 'voluntarily -.left tiieir'. stables *. to; fresume .ari. expected duty. ' The. pig his more' intelligence than lias generally been credit^ to ijtfrj3^i!iiaTO^c6$pM^ favor ably' with ' the 'rabbit' but riwenU'^ene rally are , -Bdvanced in inMUgencej as 'ill who liave studied the habits of rats and mice can .testify. Rats not only show great cleverrieBB iri ;tlieir efforts to .socure food, but are affectionate ihtheir natures. Speaking of -mice,. Mr. Romanes tells a story of a number of jliese rodents. ' that, finding themselves unable to reach the top of a laige jain jar, made a platform by piling'1 up small ' pieces' of ' plaster, and then threw soirie pieceb inside to raise the contents of. the jar to the desired level. There ,iB ; no rodaat, fho.we'yer^jthat. 'oomes near the beaver in inind power, and in the ability to adopt means to' Sri find. The . beaver Ib tiie ' , engineer, ' among beasts, arid in. constructive skill show's an aptitude that ' has long ' been '.M object of wonder to mankind. Necessarily,' from the life it is compellod' to leadi tho fox exceis in cunning 'devices. : A g»od 'illustration is this of the fox that, : iaving (»ptured a large duck, found1 his home-, ward progress ? obstructed by a ; wall too high for bim to leap over with liis burden. 'Reynard made -two or three attempts, aud ori each occasion fell back baffled. Finally ho sat down arid looked -at the wall for ? a ?few minutes. Having satisfied himself with the survey, he caught the duck by the head, raised himself up against the Wall with bis fore-paws as high as he could reach, and stuck the bill of the duck into a crevice. The fox was now free for action. He leaped on tbe wall with a bound, reached down, and catching the duck by the neck, went off on the other side with his well deserved plunder. The intelligence and sagacity of the elepbant am ennr(raat.iro mpTlt&l; nowers of VerV high order. An instance is given of an elephant in captivity that protected itself from troublesome flies in hot weather by thatching its back with hay. It is com mon for elephants in their.native state to break branches from trees with their trunks, and then to use the branches for fans. The elephant is clever enough to be cunning. There is a story of one which chained by one leg, after tho usual fashion, watched his keeper baking rice cakes in an oven. The keeper went away for a time, and finding no one near, the elephant managed to unfasten the chain and make liis way to tho oven. He took off the cover, removed the cakes, and a;e them. Having replaced the cover, he returned to the post, put his leg into the chain, and stood sedately — a great picture of simulated honesty and innocence. An instructive comparison is instituted by our author between cats and dogs. The feline nature as revealed ill the cat is much nearer its primitive i conditions than the canine nature as shown in the dog ; but that the cat has & large amount of intelligence is freely ! admitted. A case is cited of a cat that brought birds within reach by spreading j crumbs for tlieai ; and this b not a j solitary instance, for another cat is re ferred to which had the same habit, and which used to spread the crumbs in , wintry weather, and was careful to keep them clear of snow. The cat has never wholly left off its natural predatory habits. Left to itself, under favorable 1 circumstances as to locality, it would manage to surrive, while ihe dog would in all likelihood periBh from neglect. The fact is, that the dog comes nearest to man himself in the complete change which civilization has made upon his nature. 'The transformed physiology of the dsg' is cited by Mr Romauo-iT:s the culmination of a wonderful, alth unconscious, experiment which luan has been making for ihousairids of ? years upon the potency bf individual experiment, accumulated Ly heredity. The book closes with a chapter on the intelligence of the quadrumana. All monkeys are emotional, r.nd giv^ ample opportunity for observation even jn confinement. Buffon mentions a:i orang which had been trained to receive visitors, to walk with them, and t - she- 77 tliew to the door. He speaks from pcrBouul ob servation with regard to it. and vouches forthe fact that often of its ov. n accord it would sit at table and pour out tea, leav ing the beverage to cool before drinking. Mr Romanes supplements the an^cdotca m this section of the book with a diary of the actions of a brown monkey, tho ob server being a sifitcr of the author. It in shown that what had to be done in ihe fiist instance was to awaken tho eenss cf the curious in the monkey. Afterwards the animal was left to make all sorts of discoveries, and in this he look the do light of a philosopher. Nothing- came amiss to him. The more perp'er.ii-g the mechanical puzzle he had to unravel the greater the interest he seemed to take in it, and the greater the degree of satisfac tion over the discovery. He would work with a patience worthy of a hunKin. being to get at the seoret of any strange object put accidentally or'purposely in his way, and Sir Romanes confesses that ho coaki not have believed what He Bawi this'intin jkey do jmless lie had Been It with -bis rj«:n eyes. 'As my sister,' he says, ' onco observed, while we were watching him conducting some of his researches, in ob livion of food and all his other surround ings, ' when a monkey behaves like this, it is no wonder that man is a scientific animal.'. Nervous Pbosteahon. — There is. an unusual amount of iUness.this.auturiin.of the type known as 'nervous prostration,' says the PTOvidcnce Journal. It is pre valent among hard worked people who have been deprived of 'the neededfiumnjer rest pnd relaxation, men who carry their business home with them ey^ry nighty and women who are worn out. 'By 'doirieatlc icaresflnd worries. ' It ia.very strangeihotr much ' we are told aborit food,; clothing, ventilation, drainage, exercise, and other 'thmg8' wliich have.iin influened pri Our health,' and bow very seldom we ibink of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restor ative measure,1 it ib of 'the firet importanca inT many ' cases:; Most physi-5aris know frlmt to do and when to do it,' but a'gaod deal of common sense iB required to.dis cover bow riot to do something, and when to let the patient alone. A' coik more than half the sick people jin 'ffia 'worldj aiman's enemies cannot do him neai so much damage as his friends^ ' The world is possessed with the notion thit when a man -is taken: =ill a: terrible ado 3nustbe kept up- an alternation of unrs ing aud fussing^ while pretematurately wise and whispering doctors, sympa thising -'fijends, tearful relatives and chat tering nurses, add their contributions to the, wrong side, and all because somebody Is ill and needs chiefly rest. We hava not, most of us, gotten rid of the old npfcion of the ancients that disease is a pgEsonality, a something that is in tho air, that travels about, altera our dwell ings,' and finally seizes hold of us ; some thing akin in file minds of ti;3 ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon, or witch, whichonly pDlis or. potation can cxercise, kill . or cure. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if Ilia patient will let him, that two-tliirdB of all the maladies of all tbe people in the .world would get well in .a., few lioura or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than ~ such as instinct would snggest or common sense employ. -But patients often estimate the doctors stall by the wonderfully wise look which ho assumes and the extent or variety of hia prescriptions; and a sick man's friends hate to seem unsympathising, and bo . ara apt. to be officious. It is to be understood, of course, that we are not speaking o£. ex treme cases, but of tbe treatment of mist pf the ills which -flesh is heir to— tho troubles which come upon over-worked men arid women, so many of whom wo find -all round us in the pushing competi tive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest.' If that be impossible, we can only pity them. ' 