ELLEN. "But, Bill, it's eighteen months now since ,n beard from the girl. She may be spliced a potato miser in her native village by is, and not giving the gold miner 10,000 iiesr away a second thought." ,,"No fear, Eb: there's no go back in la. You don't know her. She'llstickto elike cement, and when I get this thon eouncer, which is waiting somewhere for to unearth, I'll cut straight for home and I ys! our style to a,hair. You're just l shook on that girl. Every prospect ,0 wash is for Ellen. You pick and shovel, ?dle and pan- all for Ellen. Now, -lodn't you curl up and snarl if some other toe stepped in and sneaked her off?" "'There's no need to trouble about what I r, bcause I'm just as sure of her as if I i her by my side all these months. So as close the subject, and go and see what's, ovnig at MBac's." "'right. I'm sick o' this foolin', any w. We're fast mates, whatever comes, old boy ?" m'e are, Eb." td true friendship was in the firm clasp their hands and the glint of their eyes as :nwords were spoken. William Wright, the elder of the two, a L handsome young Englishman, had left 0old country three years previously,reckon. -on winning a fortune out here, and re 'ling again to his sweetheart in about bhteen months. A short expcrience had olht him the fallacy of his calculation, t if perseverance and hard work could e won success, he would soon have been :k home wenalthy; for, as Eb said, ado, hauled, and washed with the olbjoect in view, that every ounce of gold oaocst him nearer to the brown-haired lelass who had sworn constancy to him ared times before his departure. He 'ot received a letter from her for eighteen Lths, although he had written every ti; but he knew that letters went astray otes as not, and reassured himself with 'lot. R?i mate, Eb Shaw, was a light-hearted g fellow, described by the diggers as the oart. lie was not a colonial, but had ol o long in Victoria that he called him Itoe, and was proud of it. He followed : digins for love of the rollicking, ilomay-care life. His father was a farmer he old country, and had tried his hardest oeep him to agricultural pursuits; without il; for the young man looked with con apt on that slow hum-drum life and its roundings. He and Bill had met in Mlel rme, and after a short acquaintance had iped hands and sworn eternal brother 4, and had started for the diggings to. ther. 'What d'ye think, Bill?" said Eb the 'nin0 after the conversation narrated. he Flat's off it's head. Baldy's run out of p, and 'you can't buy a drop of hair oil aroe or money. Old Mac's goin' to get bamaid. a regular high-flier, from Mel me. There's enterprise for you." "Eh?" said Bill, in surprise. A barmaid. A real live thing in petti st, with her own hair and teeth. By o! i must buy a clean shirt." N"onsense, man I What woman would e amoung this crowd ? Why, there isn't her female on the flat." "ln't there ? What do you call Mary murty? If she heardyou saythat she'd you with her washboard." Oh, Iforgot her.' She's so. like a man i the difference is not worth mention. Well, the charmer's going to lodge with Can you cut hair, Bill ? Look here, oat enoughl hair on my head to pad a Eoss. And I had a white collar once. 's become of it ?" tied it on a stick to wash the plates on did? Well, I'm cused I What's e going to dress in ? What's a fellow :er himself up with if you use his togs olinary purposes? I'm goin' courtin' time, an' I'll want that collar. You've ten-horse cheek, you have." to'll have to be careful, Eb. This h will have you on her hook in no You are very susceptible." Los, so I am. Oh, woman I lovely wo ! Grease my boots, Bill." Will I? Grease your boots yourself. rlayey boots were always good enough a. When's this heart-breaker coming, to this flutter ?" What's that got to do with you? She's lroperty. Be content with the lovely , and don't fool round what doesn't you. I'm goine' down to Mac's . Comin' 2" onot just yet. I might be down in an or 0so, bwent off, singing "'ly love she was a blue-eyed lass," Bill turned into the tent, to read over athe letter which he had received from ioghteen months before. It was worn 'quoares with being constantly folded naolded, and the many kisses pressed ht had not preserved it any. It was Gipromises and hopes-promises of ever 'ullove, and hopes of soon again having ?oasome lover by her side. Bill kissed O0onscious paper, and put it away and with his head bowed upon his , sat musing of the time when he Id have wealth enough to go home, and ?hack a darling wife to the land he had d to love. All he wished was that might live in comfort. Had he never i?s he would not have left his home foends to seek fortune in a strange land. 'oery thought was for her and her hap \- There was not one selfish fibre in hole constitution She was the idol of lets. Throw down that idol, and life Sbe an existence not worth living. ot two hours later, as he lay reading SLondon paper, Eb rushed in, and, 0 himself upon his bunk, he clasped ols ver his heart, aoid said, in a small she' come." hb has come " asked Bill. hy, tlhe barmaid. Seven stone of solid , got up as trim as a Blue Mountain ot. And don't she cheek the boys, too. c?ught Jeff Harris under the ear with a trew, 'cause he said he could knock .Yo manwho dared to say she hadn't a Bg pair of ankles. And her name's Srolled about and looked so comically .a that Bill beurst into a hearty laugh. id you try to do a bit of killing?" he Ifelt too uncommon small," answered ovShe?s such a gay deceiver, an' snaps p ao thatI had scarce cheek enough ,ura drink." rou m.stn't be backward, Eb. - Faint O'er won fairlady." 01! dry up, and go to sleep Wait till 't bycr, and I'll bet a bottle of Mac's "k?,e that you'll crow small about your Srolling into ohis bunk, the pair of them 0000 sound asleep. Sats least concerned of any man in the P bout the newcomer. He knew very the character of her class of women it was more for company than anything else that he followed Eb next evening to M'Mahon's shanty, or Mac's, as it was com. manly called. It was only eaven o'clock, but the night was black as pitch, and the rain poured down in torrents. They could hear Yellow Creek rushing between its banks as they hurried along eager for abhelter, the foot- bridge-an old tree--being slippery with the rain. Eb passed into the well- lighted shanty first, but Bill stopped at the door, holding the canvas in his hand, and his face became ghastly pale as he saw a young ,woman Sbehind the rudely-constructed counter; she was laughing loudly, and bandying jests with the diggers of a none too delicate cha racter. VWhat innocence had ever shone in her countenance had fled, and she bore the faded and brazen look that distinguishes so many of her class, but she was still fair to look upon. For a few moments Bill stood in the doorway, his face pallid, and his body trembling as though he had seen a ghost; then, with a hollow groan, he hurried away into the darkness. Eb passed through into another part of the shanty, divided off by a canvas partition, thinking that Bill had fol lowed him in. After about ten minutes, he came into the part used as a bar, and not seeing Bill there, asked the men if he had gone out again. " He never comrned in, mate," said one. "What? Didn't Bill follow me?" asked Eb, in surprise. "'Never showed his nose inside this shan ty," answered the man. Eb hurried over to Baldy's, the man who served the diggers with groceries. No Bill there. He was not at their tent. Eb could find him nowhere, and with a white face and misgiving in his heart, he returned to the shanty. All that fearful night he and two others searelied, but saw nothing of the miss ing man. 'Twas not till seven o'clock next morning that they found his body in Yellow Creek, stark dead. How he had got there no one knew. Eb's grief knew no bounds; he kissed the cold face, and sobbed like a child. How Bill could have got into the creek they wondered as they carried him to Mac's. He knew every inch of the country, aud could not have come there by accident. !tI mulst have boeenn sruieie. or theq ollnnerv nature of the bridge. s they entere?heti shanty, the new barmaid was serving a cus tomer. Her eyes rested for a moment on the dead face, then with a shriek she dropped the bottle from her nerveless fingers, and rushing out, fell on her knees by the body. She clasped the face between her hands, and, kissing it madly, murmured-" Willie ! Willie ! Willie I" No need of conjectures now; she was his Ellen. Her story was soon told. Becoming weary of waiting for letters which never came, she had at length determined to follow her lover. After some trouble, she succeeded in getting a passage third-class. Bad com panions on the ship was the first step to ruin, and by the time she arrived she had fallen. She could get no knowledge of her betrothed in Melbourne, nor in fact did she seek him, for, lost as she was, she could not have faced him. Alone and helpless, in a strange place, she turned to some of her ship companionsa; their assistance could be had only under certain circumstances. Bad led to worse, but not being thoroughly de prayed, she succeeded in getting employ ment, which, at-any rate, was better than her previous life. She left Black Frog Diggings after the burial, and what became of her is a mystery, like so many of the old goldfield romances. Eb also left shortly afterwards, the remem brance of his drowned mate's face haunting him for many years. Whether Willie Wright committed suicide or accidentally fell into the creek is another mystery. It is quite possible the unfortunate fellow may have slipped on the treacherous bridge, and in his despair and utter wretchedness pro bably never even made a struggle to save himself. The place where this happened has long ago become a populous mining town, and few are now alive who remember the fate of poor Willie, or the fair but frail Ellen.-Australioan Tit-Bits. 