VICTORIAN MEMS. The sanatorium at Cut-paw-paw is at last clear of small-pox patients. About 4000 persons per day visit the Jubilee Exhibition in Melbourne. There were 420 candidates for the Melbourne University October examinations. Twelve new branches of the Total Abstinence Society have been started in Melbourne. Mr. W. G. Brett has been appointed Inspector-General of the Penal Department T. Warne, who is charged with cattlestealing near Horsham, has been committed for trial. A verdict of wilful murder was returned against John Hunt, who stabbed a young man at Geelong. It is reported that the owner of Malua has wou over .£50,000 in stakes and bets since he purchased him. The State schools in North Williamstown have been ordered to be closed, owing to the prevalence of measles. A parcels post is to be established between Victoria and India. It will come into opera- tion on New Year's Day, 1885. A Melbourne furrier bas been fined .£100 for smuggling six sealskin jackets from the steamship Orient. The jackets were confiscated. Bishop Hoorhouse has convened the Church Assembly to meet on December 3, lor the consideration of a bill to establish a girls' high school. Steps have been taken by some activc young men of Geelong to establish a cavalry or mounted-ride troop, and a number have promised to join. Caterpillars are exceedingly numerous in the Castlemaine vineyards, and unless they are destroyed promptly there will not be a vestige of leaf or blossom left. Mr. Graham Mitchell, veterinary surgeon, has instructed his solicitors to ask the Government for ^£3000 as payment for his services in cultivating a supply of calf lymph. Arthur Leslie, alias Frank South, who is charged with the forgery of a cheque, and wich having imposed upon Mr. Jauies Facken, jeweller, has been committed for trial in Sandhurst. A doe rabbit has been killed in the Leura paddock on Manifold's estate, Camperdown, bearing 17 young rabbits. The greatest number was before supposed to be 15, whilst the average is six. The Presbyterian Assembly has dismissed an appeal by the Rev. Groundwater Fraser againBt the Melbourne Presbytery for removing him from the position of Moderator of the Scots' Church. As showing the want and misery which apparently is experienced in the Golden City of victoria, tbe Courier gives us the following:— " Of the 1005 persons relieved at the Ballarat Benevoleut Asylum last week 349 were children." Geismardo, the glove entrepreneur, was committed for trial by the City Bench, Melbourne, on Friday, for fraudulent insolvency. Tbe feature of tbe evidence was regarding tbe 60 per cent, interest paid by Geismardo for certain advances. Dr. Moore, B.C. Bishop of Ballarat, visited Maryborough on Sunday, and confirmed 250 children. He did not omit to refer to the education question, and said he hoped it would not be long before the educational rights claimed by 250,000 people would be granted. William W. Marshall, a Salvation Army soldier in Melbourne, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment on the 17th inst. for having tampered with the shutters of Mr. Leopold Lobasher's pawnbroking shop in Sandridge- road, and for having tried to break into the shop. Tbe Attorney-General will institute a suit against Dr. M'Carthy, of the Northcote Asylum for Inebriates, to test the validity of his claim to that property. Recently Mr. M'C&rthy; refused to give tbe Lunacy Commission any information about the institution. The first trustees will be made parties to the suit. The Secretary for Agriculture desires it to be notified to intending competitors at the foithcoming national competition for reapers-andbinders, in connection with which tbe Government have consented to give a prize of £250, that the entries must be lodged at the Crown Lands Office not later than the 1st of December next. A man named M'Gratli has preferred some peculiar charges against Constable Lyons, of Wandiligong. The constable is accused of disloyalty, and of having used insulting words respecting the Queen. An investigation was held in Bright by Sub-inspector Thomas, and eight witnesses were examined. The result of the investigation has not been announced. Some idea may be obtained of the extent of the rabbit plague in the Swan Hill shire from a statement sent to the council by tbe officers appointed to purchase the skins. From the 1st of March, 1882, to the 24th of October, 1884, no less thin 1,144,644 skins were purchased at a cost of £6186 6s. 6d. Of this number 20,279 dozen were sent in between the 1st and 24th October. It appears to us (says the Hamilton Spectator) that one or more agricultural colleges founded on the lines indicated, are a great desideratum in Victoria, and if the gentlemen who have taken the trouble to initiate the movement in our Parliament are successful in their exertions, they will have effected an amount of good that should entitle them to the gratitude of present and future generations. The Crown Law Department has issued a writ against Mr. J. S. Robertson, chairman and conductor of the Secular Sunday meetings in tbe Hall of Science, with tbe view of testing whether the Act 21 George IIL, chapter 49, is in force in the colony. The suit has been begun in the name of Constable M'Hngh, of the plain clothes police, and the writ ostensibly seeks to recover the sum of £100. An extraordinary breach of promise case was opened in Melbourne before Mr. Justice Higinbotham on Saturday. The plaintiff is Winifred Costello, who claims £1000 damages from Patrick Hebir, a cattle dealer and butcher in the Shepparton district. The plaintiff had a child, which was still-born, and ber father brought an action lor seduction, which was, however, settled for £100. The girl is now suing in her own name. During tbe week from November 4 (Cup Day) to November 11, pickpockets succeeded ia relieving the owners of £100 in cash, £1100 in bank deposit receipts, seven gold watches, about 20 silver watches, several gold scarf-pins, and a lady's diamond ring, valued at about £30. This does not represent anything like the actual number of petty robberies, but only those as to which information has been given. During the last two years snakes have increased with marvellous rapidity in Hedi (eays the Wangaralta Chronicle), but this year the place, (specially the banks of the river, might be said to be swarming with them. It is not an uncommon thing for a man to kill from six to a dozen of these venomous reptiles in one day. And, worse still, these snakes are of the black and tiger species, the brown snake being seldom found. Three men, named Alex. M'Einnon, Thos. Wansell, and Jas. Jeffrey, were arrested at Str&thmerton; on Saturday by the Echuca police on suspicion of having caused the death of an aboriginal named Matilda Walker. The unfortunate woman, whilst drunk at tbe Strathmerton Hotel, was outraged by several men, who afterwards brutally illused her by burning portions of her body. Her husband was too drunk to interfere. Tho boatrace between Proudfoot (of Warrnambool) and Fawcett (of Belfast) for £20 a side, came off at Beltast on the 10th inst. (says the Warrnambool Standard), resulting in an easy win for the Belfast sculler. In the opinion of the spectators, Proudfoot had not a ghost of a chance, his opponent's powers having been much underrated prior to the race. Some money changed hands over the event, Proudloot being a hot favorite. The continued dry weather is causing great anxiety amongst the farmers in many parts of the Horsham district, and fears are expressed that tbe rain would now be too late to do much good, especially on the plains, where the crops are coming out in ear, and only average about one foot in height. Those farmers who have not sown crops this year, but have relied on self-sown, will in most cases get little return this season, the crops being extremely poor. The inhabited dwellings in Victoria are, according to the late census, in the proportion of 19 to 10 square miles. Ten years previously —viz., in th« year 1871—the proportion was 17 to 10 square miles, while in the year 1851 it was 15. The number of persons to the inhabited dwellings is greater than it was formerly. The average in 1881 was 506 to every 100 such dwellings, while in 1871 the proportion was no more than 486. In the year 1861 the proportion was only 417. There are 400 members of the Baptist Church in Victoria. Attempts are being made by them to establish a denominational college. The munificent gift of £25,000 by an anonymous donor towards the establishment of such a college is accompanied by certain conditions. The terms are that & like sum be raised by the church in five years for the following purposes :—Tbe establishment and endowment of the college; a church building fund; a sustentation fund; and an aged ministers' fund. Thus a Melbourne correspondent: — "A South Melbourne medical practitioner, of unimpeachable character and large practice, has openly stated that outrages upon girls in Albert Park are by no means uncommon. What are tbe authorities doing to prevent them 1 What have they done towards bringing to justice the perpetrators of some of the late crimes referred to ? Are we losing our manhood ? Is all respect for women dying out—all sense of our privilege of protecting her fading away ?'' Victorian politicians are much annoyed at the untoward result, to them, of the federation proposals in the New South Wales Assembly ; but they are not harsh in their criticisms. In fact, talrfng into consideration Mr. Service's incendiary speech of the previous week, which is condemned by friend and ioe, they admit they are rather surprised at the closenesB of tbe vote. But, all tbe same, they are of the opinion, equally prevalent amomg politicians in New South Wales, that no real federation can take place without a revision of the tariffs of the various colonies. A simple incident caused some merriment in a Ballarat chapel on Sunday, the preacher innocently enough furnishing the pretext ior the smiles. He was in the habit of wearing glasses (says the Courier), but mounted the pulpit without them, and tbe congregation, who had settled themselves down to hear a portion of the Scriptures read, were surprised to hear as he turned to tbe appointed page, "And Ahabsaid unto Elijah, 1 Dear me, I've left my spectacles in my bag.'" There was considerable smiling done as the worthy man skirmished round for the glasses, and having got them, started to develope what Ahab really did say. "Pigs is pigs" just now (says the Warrnambool correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator). Fancy £8 per head for pigs ! but that is the price given ior some sold in the Warrnambool yards recently. They were of aristocratic lineage, it is true, but nevertheless they fetched about £3 per head more than tbe remunerative price put upon them by their owner, Mr. Galiesin Williams, of Yangery. This youog farmer has struck a patch in his pigs, and if he has nous he will work the good thing he bas got hold of to some tune. He is certainly a public benefactor ior introducing a good porcine strain into the district, and I hope he will reap his reward. There are more ways than one of making money (says the Gippsland Mercury). It appears that an old resident in Gippsland was not in the best of health, when an acquaintance, who, by the way, is pretty well known for his smartness—to use a stronger term might perhaps be considered libellous—called on the old resident and advised bira to make his will—in fact offered to mate it for him; he would oblige bim that much. And sure enough tho will arrived in a few days, with full particulars how and where to sign, &c.;, &c.; However, the old resident called in a friend to read the will, when he discovered that it was made out entirely in favor of the disinterested acquaintance 1 It is needless to say that the will was not signed. A most romantic case of courtship and marriage, in which the principal actors are both well known, but of widely different status, in a seaside town in Victoria, has just come about. The bride and bridegroom were both erstwhile residents of one of the most substantial seaside resorts of tbe " cabbage garden." The bride is a daughter of a professional man, and the bridegroom a jockey. Both are young, neither being upward of twenty years of age. The lady left her western home a few weeks ago, ostensibly with the intention of meeting friends in Melbourne, and, with them, of proceeding to Tasmania, for a change. She departed by steamer, reached Melbourne in safety, and in a few dayB her parents were astonished at receiving a telegram announcing that their quiet daughter had wedded a jockey. The parents and sisters of the bride have been terribly upset by this denouement, the result of evening meetings with the gay horseman. 