The Gjhost of the Everglades, and Zts 3egend. A STARTLING APPARITION. (NEW YORK TELEGRAM.). .A'FEW weeks since there arrived in an Eastern city from St. Augustine, Florida, a gentleman who had been' travelhng in the interior of that State, despite the hot weather, on important business, which led.him in the vicinity of that welllknown section, "The Everglades." Fortunately for the gentleman in question, he remem bered that an old friend had bought land near the route he was taking, and had there planted an orange grove, and it occurred to him that here was an oppor tunity for' enjoying Florida hospitality, which had hitherto only reached him through the familiar means of hotels. His friend's orange grove covered about one half ofa. 500-aore plantation called " Millamont," and after he had got within the ,.boundaries of the sparsely settled region where it was, he had no difficulty in finding it. Indeed, it was a very old place, though only within the last ten years planted in oranges. From the last town he had -taken horses for himself and servant, and the dozen miles or so which lay between were rapidly ridden over in the late afternoon. Mr. Cannaday, the gentleman in question, and who.now tells the story, reached " Millamont" just before dusk, and after riding through a long .shaded avenue, reined up his horse in front of a broad, two- story dwelling, evidently an old timer, while .his friend, Mr. Romayne, came down from a group of persons with whom he was conversing on the piazza, to greet and welcome him. Introduuqp tions followed, and then it became evi dent to the guest that something more than common was disturbing the minds of his host and family, about which there' was a curious air of mingled mystery and expectation which soon set .his curiosity on the qui vive. Mr. Romanyne .either perceived this or was himself so full:of his subject thait he could not keep,it secret, for he ob served, as they were enjoying their wine affer dinner: 'You camein good time to experience a sensation, Cannaday.' A G?OfOT STORY. 'I had the mpression from your manner there was something stirring. Whatieit?' . Well, in brief,it is a ghost story. Several of us are going down into the Jverglades to-night to inspect for ourselves certain mysterious phenomena of a supernatual character, which are said to make their appearance every ten years at this time.'. ' You surprise me. Have you any idea ot the origin of the story ? ' ' Yes, I know the story and will tell it later on. The occurrences happened about thirty years ago, and every ten years, on the 11th of August, which is to-night, they say that startling scenes occur near a deep, black, pool, where we shall go presently.' The party, as made up, consisted of *hree or four of Mr. Romayne's neigh baurs, himself and Mr. Cannaday, and at about 10 o'clock the same night they started from the house, guided by an old negro who, Mr. Romayne said, hod livpd with 9fr. Millamont when the scene had occuryrd, which, it is supposed, had given rise to the ghostly appearance. T??ljp l ]iatgors the@ party moved in single file through the plantation, and, guided by the negro, struck into a path! which, after an hour's careful picking of stops over hummocks, among vines, ,and underbrush through the swamp of the Everglades, brought them to the side of 'Boulder Pool,' as it was called, from an immense mass of rook which stood on its margin. The pool was about half an eo?e in extent, difficult of approach, and Mr. Romayne -said, very deep and muddy. Beside the boulder was a dry spot, large enough fcr a party to huddle together upon it, and there, having frst extinguished their lanterns, they seated themselves in various cramped positions and w'aited silently. Through the dense .masses of foliage above their heads the stars could be seen shining, reflected in the black waters of the pool. Occasionally the oroak of a frog or the sharp cry- of some aquatic bird could be heard,'but, save that, it was still, damp, and generally a lugubrious situation. It wIas about midnight, when the SILEN5CE. "WAS SUDDENLY BROxEN By a shriek, so awful as to fairly curdle the blood. It was ropeated in a moment, and then there was heard a rush through tangled forest as though of someone escaping from nursuit. It drew nearer and nearer. and presently stifled cries and the panting of a person in hot flight were heard distnctly. 'The gentlemen had risen to their feet, and standing with their backs against -the huge. boulder, peered into the darkness in the direction whence the sound proceeded. Nearer still, and now the deep bay of a blood hound pierced the night, and again that awful shriek-plainly that of a woman startled their ears and froze the blood in their veins. The noise of crashing through the underbrush, the heavy breathing of at least two persons, and the low, savage barking of the dog, were now so near in sound-that the watchers gozed in momentary expectation f-the appearance of the fugitives. And this is what hap. pened: Six credible witnesses aver that snddenly a sheet of light, coming from no .one eould tell whence, illuminated the scene, and there burst forth from the forest the figure of a young man, 'half dragging, half supporting a girl, clad in white, her hair disheveled, her clothes torn by the brambles, and who, ev;en as she appeared, sent forth again that terrible shriek. They passed within a few rods of the stunned and bew:ldered group of spectators, and in a moment were fol lowed by a bloodhound, panting and growling, and, behind him, by a large powerful man, who carried in one hand a heavy whip. The bright hght vanished -to reappear above their heads, and as Mr. Blomayne, pointing upward, directed the attention of the others to the top of the rock against which they had been leaning, they saw the young man standing nuon it, withlthe girl clasped in his arms, Meanwhile THE DOG BAYED FIERCELY Below, and then the man who had been following them "reachlid the 'summit. The whole situation was plainly visible. Springing upon the. two who stood locked' in each other's arms, the elder man tore them apart, the girl falling at his feet. Theni there was a fierce struggle, and in a moment the tronger man seized the other about the waist, and, with gigantic strength, hurled him into the pool. They, heard. the splash, saw the water close over his form with a sluggish ripple-and then some. thing white flashed through the air, there was a last babbling cry-and instantly darkness came again, and there was neither dog no man, nor anything but the black pool, as still as ever, the dense forest and the great boulder. With one accord the party lighted their lanterns and hurried from the spot. Ar rived at the homestead Mr. Romanye called for spirits and food, and, indeed, all seemed in need of them-a more pallid, scared party never returned from anywhere. ' There is no story to tell,' replied Mr. Romanye to a question from his friend. ' You have witnessed it all-exactly as I have had it de scribed to me over and over again. The old man was Mr. Millamoat, who owned this place and built the house; the girl was his daughter, the young man the son of a neiehbouring planter, who was her lover. Her father forbade his visits, and finding them together, chased them with his dog, and when they climbed upon the rock to get away from the bloodhound, followed them, and in his rage threw the young man in the pool. Then she olunged after him, and both were drowned. Mr. Millamont left the country before he could be arrested, and was re ported to have ,been drowned at St. Augustine two weeks after. His place remained without a tenant until I bought it.' The next morning Mr. Cannaday left for St. Augustine, and now the story, in various forms, is being circulated through the South. This is his version of it, as an eye and ear witness. And he believes his eyes and his ears. 