(DEAR A. Reason told Clara that she could eupsct no other result. That her eroel sacritcO would othebrwise be uneless. That it was with an aplese purp0oe of tear ing her from his eon's heart that dir William had demanded it. Oh, what bitter, Ecaldine, anxious tare she sled, when her too vivil fancy pictured Augusta as tile bride of Leslie--his wife-the mother of lhis children. She excused lherself for this jealousy on the plea of Augusta's unamiablo di-position brine calculated to makeo any man wretched. Ales, poor Cllra! had her rival been as good and beastiful as herself, ehb would have felt no less bitterlry. She strove, however, to banish these wretch ed thoughts. To pertake in the cheerful content of her good hostess. She helped her in her pleaoant aInbours in her pretty garden. She oceupied herself with her needle, and took lone wilts on the sea shore oronlond the woodeol hills. Made sketches of tihe beautiful scenery of thle neighbourhood, and in eshort, heroically devoted herself to that incesaont occupation I which is the best of all antidotes to sorrow. CHArtPTER SLII. One of the moot constant rec urses of Clara was the stately but neglected decmesno of Elm- I woo'.l It was an Elizabetllr.n building, wilth a broad terrace in front, and innumerablle long narrow winldows, blazing outl from their stone copisgs like red eyes iln the evening sun.. And on the terrace thlere were statutes, I thlatlooked very weird and spectre like in the eonnheams, and dusky and grim in tile ldaylight, wite their emutilated arms and noses, and their coating of moss. The extensive gardens lhad originally been laidt out in the flashion of twvo lhundlred years ago, with prim flower beds, and tall hedges fantalstically trimmed into a resemblnnce of men and animals. The artificial style of the gardening, too, was shlown in the varied character of the trees and shrubs. The, products of a foreign and warmer clieee chad Ibeen cullivated in tihe gardens. Magnoliacs,; ltdoterrons, tie sall Lombardyle tpopl::r, and slheltered by the glass roof of an I enormous Ihot-house, along thie vwhole south front of the housee, a splenldid orangery. Front this sorangery, a stonte paved walk Sexteroted the esleele lenyth of the gardens to is door opening icto the small but roemantic I park. This walk was bordered on each side with poplars. In thle interstices between the slender treunks of the trees were statutes holdine trepod lmes.so. Thlese lampso in the days when' Elmwood ewas in its glory, were used to illuminate the \- t:stelt. . told within the shadowe of the grateful pop lars, or under tihe perfumed t oughs of tihe erteetoey. The timeo coame howere r, when other then the soft sighling of lovers voices was to give a relpute to the La:ly's VWalk, as the avenue of the pcoplars in ithe gardensl at Eleuwood was called. One of thlose weirdl, tragic tales, the mystery of whliclh makees half its interest. A disastrous story of old Jacobhite tisces. How a vain, frivolous wcostent, the un wortlhy rifce of tle noble lord of Elnmwvood, shad betraycd her husbalend to thle gover ment, lee having, lefore embearking in the risilng of e15, settledl his rich estates upon her in trust for her children. It was for a beplumed and bedizened cos coleb in lthe armies of ring George. that the Lady Alice consigned luer generous and trusting Ihusband Ito thle scaffold. Thie easer dam thalt his severed head cwas set upon1 the walls of CardslT. his false wife gavee her hanld sand thle life interest in his noble doemainse to lher lover. Thle cman was as vile as herself. She was devoted to himn, lbut hie, false to hler as shte had been to her first husband, forsook lher for others of hler sex, wrho, if not morally viler than herself, were far lower in the sociel scale. The lady Alice returned to Elmwood, whlere she died a melancholy reclase; her ghost being reported to haunt thle Lady's Walk, thle place of lwhich sihe lhad appointed hler unfortunate husband to meet lher after thle battle of oullodecn, and where she had ling in cwait for him the myrmidons of King George the Second. An atmosphere of misfo-tune had seemedd since then to hang about thle place. It was as if the sins of the Lady Alice were visited on her descentdants, for mis fortune', personally unmuerited, over shadowed tllem. Sudden deaths on the battle-field, in the suffocating waters of the stormy sea, by accident, by broken hearts. The bitterness of family feuds attended that fated race. There were amnong its members the most violent contrasts of virtue and vice. The chaste and innocent smaid, the modern Mesalinsa, the gallant youtlh who died S 'ith hlis colours around his breast, On a blood red field of Spain." Thie selfish, worthless libertine, who perisherd in a duel for some wwomen oas worthl!ess as himiself, or yet meore shamee.. fully by his own lhand, a despairineg, ruined gasubler. It was said by those lwho knew the Ifatmily, that its strange contrasts were from the vile Iselsixture of the blood of thle traitorous Alice with tlhat of her noble and il!-fatedl lhusband, that the crimes of one. andl the virtues of thle other, were repecated in their I descendants. As far as wealth and worldly position were concerned, however, the descendeants of Sir Richard and Lady Alice Elmwood lhad Sgineel rettleer thtan lost in thle ccctury and se queCerter that Ihasi pIessed away. Tiesre were a racc, both malece and fecsa!e, distingeitheed for Icersoneel beseuty tmoi entraordicecery fascination of8emacnetr. Nevertlless, neitleer in tc e nceiglbourleood of El nwcoad nor thleir otlcer estates were tiery genetrlly poplclar. Forty-five years previous to that ssmmeer, when Ulara May field vi- ited the neeigleteouer hood, the ecird destiny oef the , El esoods had celminiated in a doemeestic tragedy of thes scoot losrrible kind. Since tlhaet perised the tnohble eadion hlad been easndohed co tle cere -or rather ne glee', ofa cinl·e srvaenlrl, oung meesn ot the timeo of the canstrophe, beet now wstisered and treading on the verge of hbenean eits trnc. Suech sas tlie story ceteich D)amc HIewlett impartlod to Olcrc the first altcernoon that thle girl retlurned froem a reccb'e ile teo Domain of Elcnnood. She hal exp-cosed her ma reel at the desoleeta c-neditioee of the plc0. The treet tgeoswore, it is trec, sleut, ceid fastened writh a chain and a padlock alike con .iumed with rust, but a sort of wicket alt the 'ide was kept opon, and through this partes of boys from the hamluet were in the habit of passine to andt fro, birdl-nesting in the park or pillagine fruit and floners in thebo garden "r orsh-rd, where both had been suffered tr growwild. these village urchins, however, Clara war infornetd by Damo lewlett, alwaysn had a care to finish their depredations before the evening this wasn not from any fear of old Morris, the solitary tenaont of the manor house, whot smtieti'tes might be reen on a sunmmer revening wandering in a listless,' melancholy manner about the grounds. Poor old sean,, with his haggard cheeks, sunk bitt wild-loo ine eyes and snow-white locks, it was not him the hardy urchins feared. \- Eut even in this udvanced stage of the nine teenth century, certain superstltious notions are not quite expelled from the minds of the ruratl population. 'lThe chlildren. and even the grown men and women in the neighbourhood of Elmiwotd, scerce believed more firmly that night follows dty than that in the grey twilight hours, and in the pelo shimmer of the moonbeams, the Lady Alice walked. They would describe hier very dress. It rwas trite none of them had seen the ghost, but then they all knew sonmeone who had. And for the dress. Ah ! it was n heautiful dress of blue satin, allbrocadedwith silver, and pearls shining among the long ringlets of her go'den-brown hair. It is true that eertain gossips of the neibh bourhood., who had seen the interior of Elm. wood, told of a picture of that same wicked Lady Alice, that was in the portrait gal lery. And just such a costume of blue and silver, and glimmtuering p:anrls, did they des cribe. It might,. therefore, be that this r ported discription of the glhot's costume helped the imraginatisn of those who fancied that they had seen it. All this stry about the proprietors of Elm wood, esn with thu additional terror of the huntino, did not deter Olara from visiting the ancient demesne. There were bits of scenery about the park iand grounds teat faurnished charming suljects Sfor herpeneil. SEven the house itself, particularly the south front overlooking the orangery, came out well in one of Olara's splirited drawengs, The story of the wicked and unfortunate SLady Alice haunted her imagination. SMany a time, is she placed the 'Lady's Walk' with the bright tmoonbenms glinting betwixt Ihs shpely slender trunks of the tall poplars,. did her thoughts revert to that terrible tale of ungoverned passion, of lawless love and wifely trei.on In the pilo mtoonbeuns she would conjure up the fizure of the gallant Sir Richard, the betrayed husbcnd. [To ee continuted.] 