A ROYAL GMO-T. A telegram from Berlin says : — A few nights ago the famous M Wiesse Dame,n or White Lady, gptritutfamiUarvt of the Hohenzollero family, is reported to have been seen by the sentaneb before the Alte £-hloss The legend of this apparition is veil known. An ances him i if tli ii TT i ili i ? 11 ? rnnntP9«OrliitnnnHi-. is said to leave her grave and walk, in solemn and measured step, the corridors of the Alte Schloss in Berlin whenever any member of the Royal Family is about to die. Notwithstand ing their profound scepticism, roost Berliners, strangely enough, still believe the story of the White Lady. The capital is qaite excited over the pretended apparition. All are talk ing about it and wondering what member of the dynasty is next destined to die. The White Lady is a ghost who has frequently been seen in different castles and palaces be longing to the Royal Family of Prussia. She is supposed to forbode the death of some of the royal family, especially oue of the children. Her last appearance was in 1S79, just prior to the death of Prince Waldemar. A soldier on guard was witness of the apparition, and m bis fright fled to the guard- room, where he was at once arrested for deserting his post. Twice she has been heard to speak. In December, 169S, she appeared in the palace at Berlin, and said in Latin, *' I wait foi jndgment.' Ag»jn at the Castle of Neuhaus in Bohemia when she said to the Princess, in German, 'It is ten o'clock,' and the lady addressed died in a few weeks. There are two white ladies in fact— one of the Countess Agnes Orlamonde, who is referred to by our Berlin correspondent, and the other. Princess Bertha von Rosenberg, who lived in the fifteenth century. The former was buried alive in a vault in the pakce. She was the mistress of a Margrave of Brand enburgh, by whom she had two sons. ^\ hen the Prince became a widower Agues thought he would and she poisoued them, for which crime she was boned alive Another version ic tliat she fell in love with the Prince of Parma and made away with her two daughters, who were an obstacle to her marriage, for which crime she was doomed to '* walk the eartli '' aaau apparition. The Princess Bertha is troubled because an a.nnn»l gift which she left to the poor has been discontinued. She appears dressed in white and carries at her side a bunch of key?. 