CONC1LUSION. To say that there was a "sensation " would feebly describe what followed. Every one in court sprang to his fest..'The prineoner looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was a perfect hubbub of voices, as bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solidtors' table poured'questions upon me, to none of which Ireplied. Silence being restored, the voice of the judge-grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor--des cended like vocal oil on the troubled waves of soond. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher?" "Mr. Bentley, my lord." The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a judge, and he had known it even bettol when, as a leading barrister, he had held many. a brief from me. " I am pernsuaded," said he, " that agentle man of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and unheard- of- I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion ?" "My lord," I replied, "I am certain that, believing what I had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain faots which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to callme asa wit ness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain qcs tions whoch I wish, with yeour lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evi dence will put an end to the ease against him." " Really, gentlemen of the jury," said his lordehip, "this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspect. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the proseeuting solicitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bond to say, which ever came under my notice. It is the more diffiult for me to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of conon sel's aseistanea.-Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a wit ness on your behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. 01 course you are not bound to answer any suoh ques tions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say?" "I am in God's hands, my lord," answered theprisoner, who was quite csal again. "It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for me-I cannot tell. But I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save me; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentleman wrshes." "I propose," said the judge, "before de siding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Becorder in the next couonrt." All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying my. sell in a consultation withmy counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I proposed to do; and then threw himself back in his seat with the air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again. "Bi-lences I" cried the usher. The judge was returning. " I have decided," said he, "to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval." I sat down and wrote my questions, and they were paseeed up to the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised than ever. But all he said, as he handed them down, was, " Put the questions." I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his answers slowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already, stated. As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jary, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought by twelve years, they found that the description tallied closely with the man's appearance. " Iprodnuce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which theprisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers: "Question: Were you smoking when you came up to the corner of Haureati-street ? - Answer: No. "Question : Did you afterwards smoke ? Answer: I had no lights. "Question: Did you try to get a light? Answer: Yes, by climbing a lamp at the corner; but I was not steady enough, and Iremember I broke my hat against the cross bar. "Question: Where did you carry your pipe and tobesooo?-Answer: In my hat. "Those answers," I concluded, "are abso lately correot in every partioular. The man whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'clook on the night of the murder, behaved as the answers indicate. That concludes the evi dense I have felt bound to tender." And I handed the slip of paper to the usher for in spection by the jury. "Prisoner," inquired the judge, "do you call any other witness ?" "I do not, my lord." "Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turning to the jury, "the one remark that I shall make to yon is this-that if you believe the story of the prisoner's witness, there can be little doubt but that the prisoner was the man whom the witness saw at the corner of Hauraki-street at eight o'lock on the night in question; and if that was so, it is clear, on the esee of the prosecution, that he cannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to say the least, to be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidence is very strongly corroborated indeed by theprisoner's answers to the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict." "We are agreed, my lord," said the fore man. "Gentlemen of the jury," sung out the clerk of arraigns, "are you all agreed upon your verdict ?" "We are." "And that verdict is ?" "Not guilty." "And that is the verdict of you all?" "It is.". There followed a burst of cheering which the usher could not silence, but which silenced itself as the judge was seen to be speaking. "John Harden-I am thankful, every man in this court is thankful that your trust in the meroy and power of the All-merciful and All- powerful has not been in vaint You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdict of the jury, and most wonderful has beenyour deliveranoe. You go forth a free man; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God had been bestowed on one who has repented of his past sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmindful of that goodness hereafter. You are discharged." Had he been left to himself, I think the prisoner's old master would have climbed into the dock, with the view of personally deliver. ing his servant out of the house of bondage. But he was restrained by a sympathetic con stable, while John Harden was re-conveyed for a short time to the gaol, to undergo oser tain necessary formalities connected with his release from cnstody. I volunteered to take charge of Mr. Blocum, and took him to the vestibule of the prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We Were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into the throat even of a tough criminal lawyer like myself. I saw theminto a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to call on me next day, and enlighten me on aertain points as to which I was still in the As strango a part of my story as any, hae yet to be told. I had hardly got bock to my. loffice and settled down to read overthevarious - letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) w annooned. I had lost sight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal He did not wait to learn whether I was engaged . or not, but rushed after the clerk int?o my . room. He was ashen white, or rathergry y and his knesshook so that he oouldo?e$ ,ay stand; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning overmy table, he prorded, in the presence of the astonishe- led~to:: pour upon me a flood of abuse and inslbre of the foulest kind. I had sold him; A was. in league with the prisoner. I was a ·dindt . ling thief of a lawyer, whom he would have struck ou the rolls, &c.; until-treally thosgt he had gone out of his mind, . ,. . As soon as I could get ina word, Isrtly- . explained that it was no part of a lawyer's. duty to try and hang a man whomhe knWle , Sbe innocent. As he only replied with :i abusive language, I ordered him ouat of the) '2 office. The offieos quieted itselfe.oneie--: being far too busy, and alsoi too welt sabi- i tomed to ecoentric people to hbe otime 'o-.c '," long wonderment at anythVi n an .? hour I had finished my work, and ase.p? , , paring to leave for home, when anosthe~ .;isi::t.: tor was annonneed-Inspeotor Forreeter.,b'.-: Well, Mr. Forrester, what's the?itte?: now? I'm just going of." f' '', S orry if put you out of the'way, ;si?'; but I thoughtyou'd liketo hear what's hap : pened. Theprosecutor in Harden' canse lsa" given himself up for the murder I" " "Whst?" I shouted. ' "He just has, air. It's a queer dpy,-iui is. When I heard you get up and' give a'i dene for the man you were protseotungt, thought curiosities was over for. ever ;t seems they ain't, and never will be." .Y" "How was it?" 4 "Well, he came into the stionu<is quiet, and seemed a bit east ?ion that was all. Said fate was aglsitio and had saved the' man he' hang in his elsed, and he. knew must end, and ouldn't wt ait I cautioned him, of course-toldbihs k sleep on it before he said tbythMi '-' make's statement he would. Theelrt all is, that the idea of murdering thels ld for her money had come into his in . ilash when he saw that poor draokenootex.?; hibitjng his knife in the taverhi.He ?ol him, and picked his pocket of the kni then hung about the house menin ' in after dark. Then he law thie'tzusr oe out and go off, leaving the door atln bu' not latohedthe eareless hassyyl'2lieh. slips the gentleman, and does what made up his mind to-for'you see.t. 4 woman knew him well, so he coulan'tCo to leave her alive-gets the e.andMs'. out. All in gold it was, two.ltrsea fty pounds. When he heard t?atN.t l oouldn't be found, he got uneaby :fa ila" <".. mind, and has been getting worse ever.A .ss es ; though he did well enough in tradewiththe.:: . money. Seems he considered liheaie'Sple \'. until someone had been hanged. So,?Wsn=? he resognised Harden, he was naturlljdOtsw:.n on him at once, and was intensely iger - get him convioted-which I notied? myid0'';': sir, as of course you did, and thonghtitque? e: too, I don't doubt. He took tomnoh?a '''sN'., .? you see--he must employ you to. i a . tain, instead of leaving it to s; wheias i"' he hadn't come to you, your evidenes wonll:,. never have been given, and I think jon¶ sa nothing could have saved the prisoner." -;. It was true enough. The wret~,ihed'?ii had insured the failure of his'owndnnds.-', design by employing me, of all the' soli~eltri to whom he might have gone I :.. Ilearned next morning, how Herql atier trying in vain to light his pipe on ht memorable evening, had wandered lor'h?r'a through the hard-hearted streets, i? iat daybreak he had found himself in the' d'oli' looking at a large ship preparing to-4p down the river with the tide, Hew he. ba managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self away in the hold, with some idea of bettering his not over- bright fortunesen: ' foreign parts. How he had supported 3is " life in the hold with stray fragments of blo:,: asuit, which he happened to he in .lii. pockets, until, after a day or twof ":f beating about against bafling winds,, hen they were out in mid-uhanael, the 'usa6 i search for stowaways had usarthed $ -:o:o - How the captain, after giving himplenty of'" strong language and rope's-end,hadat leng:o agreed to allow him to work as a sailor on" board the vessel. How on landing at Sly; - ney he had gone into the interior, taken . s ~e . vies cewith his present master-ander asptha~i name than his own, wishing to.discoe sn .at himself entirely with his former life-- snd b :" honestly doing his duty hald attainedJi present position. By the light of this narrative, that which . had puzzled me became perfectly olear- namely, how it was that he had contrived not only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hue and cry after him, but also to remain'in ignoranoe of his aunt's fate. My client was tried, convieted, and eie outed in due course; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weight again$t the eruel and cowardly attempt to put an: innocent man in his place. When I last saw John Harden, he wan married to a serious lady, who had been his late master's housekeeper, and was poseesdr : of a prosperous general shop in a country village, stocked by means of the money which Mr. Slocum had generously left hIim. 