MRS HAMPSON'S MISSION. Despite the inclemency of the weather, about 300 persons assembled in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute ou Satu- day evening to welcome Mrs Hampson, the Christian evangelist, on the cccasion of her public debut in Geelong, under the auspices of the local Christian young men's association. The platform was occupied by a' number of ministei b, and a choir of some 30 voices led by Mr YV. Gurr. Mr G. M. Hitchcock presided, and read the following address of welcome to Mrs Hampson:—"Dear Madam,—On behalf of the Geelong Young Men's Christian Association, under whose auspices you have been invited to visit this town, and of the many members of every denomination who anxiously desired to hear from your lips the Word of Life, we most cordially and grate fully welcome you to Geelong. We greatly rejoice in all that God has done through you in Liverpool, New Zealand, Sydney, Tas mania, and in this colony, we trust that our Heavenly Father will give you the necessary physical strength and the graci ous aid of His Holy Spirit, and that your mission amongst us may be made a great blessing to this town.- Assuring you of our sympathy, hearty co- operation, and our prayers, we are, yours faithfully. Geo. M. Hitchcock, president, Geelong Y.M.C.A., and Wm. Gubk, secretary, G.Y.M.C.A. Mrs Hampson briefly replied, expressing her conviction that, if the christians of Geelong assisted in the work- with their prayers and personal effort, the Master would bless the mission in their town as if bad been blessed in other places. The hymn ".Stand np, stand np for Jesus" having been sung, the Rev. A. Davidson engaged in prayer, and. Mrs Hampson recited the Lord's Prayer. " The hymn, " Thy pre cious will is mine" was then sung, after. which Mrs Hampson addressed the audience in an earnest and impressive manner. She speaks quietly, but with a force and simpli city that convince her hearers that her heart and soul are in her work. . She commenced by remarking that they had assembled that evening to be marshalled in battle array and to bow unitedly before God, hnmbly ac knowledging that if He did not take their mission by the hand it mnst inevitably prove a failure: They were the vessels into which He would pour his treasures, and weak, broken, and chipped as many of them were, they could, if they earnestly songht His aid, be made clean and healthy. She had come into their midst, not because she wonld be able to work alone, bnt with the hope that God would help her to kindle the flame of Divine love into their hearts and to start into fresh growth the good seed sown by their ministers previously. Many persons there were, too, who never entered the hoose of God, and needed a novelty snch as her mission to attract them to the Master, To possess strength they needed nnion, and she need not tell that the first move with an army before battle was to mass the troops in those impenetrable British squares that coald not be broken. In kindling a fire they did not pnt one piece of coal here and another there and expect them to ignite ; they placed the live and the dead coals together, let the air in between them. and the fire was soon ablaze. ' She had once seen fifty people join hands aronnd a galvanic battery, and the operator touched a button j and joined bands with the one nearest him, and, despite their struggles, not one of the lot conld break the tie that bound them to gether. ' She asked if they could get hold j of the Master and induce Him to knit them together heart by heart by the influence of His wonderful battery of love. The Lord had bidden Mary take His message | to the disciples, and she hoped that she would be able to convey a similar message in her discourses that night and during the next week. She hoped that they would receive her little messages in all earnestness and not in a spirit of criticism, and that before the end of her mission they would get so hungry for souls that they would stop them when they met them on the roadside, go after them I into the public houses, and uot leave in the town one immortal Bpirit that could say "Ko one cares for my soul." It was not enoughfor I them togetthekeyand open thegateandexpect the thonghtlesa to enter in of themselves. She asked them, if they knew, or had seen, God, whom they professed to love and confessed to believe in. They should pray for power to tear down everything that divided their love with God, Our souls, which were the temples of the Holy Ghost, 1 were so filled with human traffic that God could not expand within them and fill them with His presence. When they'emptied them of hnman treasnres God would fill ] them with His light. If God [came down to our level and gave us even one thought to help U3 to climb up to a con ception of Himself, we might' understand the brilliance of His glory.- But, until we went down in our proper place, in the dust with all selfishness drained out of ns, and crawled helplessly at His feet, God could not take hold of us and lift us up, and mould us to His service. Adam and Eve, in their innocent ignorance of shame, were satisfied with fig leaves as clothing until they were dazzled with the light of God's presence ; and Job, although a prophet and a sufferer, despised himself when he saw his Maker. She remembered having had once to ; lie prone in order to get her head under a telescope that was 90 times more I powerful than any other made ; and" they would have to get down in the dust before they could look up to God. She hoped that all present wonld have their | hearts kindled anew with love for God, and that they wonld go out and bring in others and press them forward to front seats in that hall during the week. Every christian woman and godly man there, she hoped, wonld be laid hold of by God and commis sioned to go forth and preach the message of j redemption in the name of the Lord Jesus, ! proclaiming it, according to their several vocations, in the workshop, behind the counter, at the desk, in the kitchen amongst the dear women, through the streets, and even into the public-houses. She had seen public-houses emptied of their misguided occupants in Liverpool by one young girl protected by an escort of j friends singing sweetly the songs of Zion; Bhe had known of strong, hitherto callous men being brought to Christ in that sin i laden city by the pure voice of that one Christian girl. They could achieve similar results in Geelong, and she invited them to go down in the dust and pray that God wonld send coals of fire into their hearts' to ■ kindle them into a flame of love for Himself and_ His Kingdom. (At this stage the audience dropped simultaneously on their knees and Mrs Hampson ofiered up an eloquent prayer, invoking God's help in her mission.) On resuming Mrs Hampson instructed ' all Christian workers present as to the dnties she expected them to discharge daring the ensuing week's mission, and the proceedings closed in the usual devotional manner. Last evening Mrs Hnmpson conducted an evangelistic service in the Mechanics' Insti tute. Admission was by ticket only, the object being, as far as possible, to exclude the regular attendants of the various churches. The hall was well filled with a large and devout audience, who listened with rapt attention to the earnest and eloquent address delivered by Mrs Hampson. The subject of the lecture was from Luke xix. lOv.—Cl for the Son of Man is come to seek and to save that which was lo3t." An after meeting was held for the benefit of those who were anxious to be saved, and Mrs Hampson, aided by a number of chri3 tian workers, was engaged for some time in explaining the way of salvation to those in the ^ enquiry room, many of whom left rejoicing in Christ as their Saviour. The rev. Mr Kail offered the opening prayer, and the rev. A. Davidson and other clergymen were present during the latter part of the meet ing. The ladies and gentlemen of the choir attended in large numbers, and greatly added to the interest and solemnity of the service. Mr Gnrr announced during the evening that there wouid be noonday prayer meetings from 12 to one o'clock every day, at which Mrs Hampson wonld speak, and added that she would be glad to receive special requests for prayer, and that the mission services wouid be continued through the week, commencing each evening at half past 7 o'clock. 