Religious Instruction in Public Schools. He who knows only his own side of the question knows but little of that. John Stewart Mill. When the late Archbishop Vaughan issued his famous pastorals, he set the colony staggering. It was our greatest social earthquake. O'Farrel pis toling the Duke of Edinburgh; and the shadow through the smoke (the Kiama Ghost) was nothing to it. The Public Schools of the colony," said his Grace, "are seed plots of infidelity." The Press in clear emphatic tones gave it the lie direct. Every Protestant pulpit, from the Murray to the Queens-. land border spoke out a defiant negative. Anyhow a few thousand Roman Catholic children withdrew from the State schools ; but according to the latest statistics there are said to be 24,800 remaining. This shows that the great majority of the Roman Catho- lic people of the colony, are not under the thumbs of their clergy ; although 12th July orators would lead you to believe they were. This shows also that the majority of the Catholics are quite content with our Public School system, if the clergy would only let them alone ; but somehow it don't suit the clergy to do so. Bishop Barry has commenced to stir up his clergy. " There is not sufficient reli gion taught in schools," says the Bishop. I trust it is just as much as his lordship will over have the chance of teaching. I think we have quite suffi cient religious instruction in our day schools ; but I do think we require a great deal more religion taught in some of our churches. A little more spirited and practical religion, divested of all pomp ous ceremonies, outward and visable signs of no in ward and spiritual grace. Bishop Barry views with suspicion the moral tone of our schools. Perhaps he also views with suspic ion , the growing intelligence visible in the rising generation, which, bye - and - bye, won't tolerate a bishop. "And he deplores the lack of reverence in the colonial youth. " Well we all should be reverent where reverence is due ; but I do feel proud to know that we have not descended to that servile level which bows the head to some mushroom authority whom chance or accident have pitch forked into power. Let us have all tho morality we can possibly get in our schools free from all dogmas and superstitions. I would like my children to grow up without ever hearing of hell, the devil, and the judgment day. Better teach them that every day is a judgment day ; their own daily book the only book of life ; and that God is spelt with two " o's " instead of one. Teach them that Revelation is not sealed. Teach them those beautiful words of Long fellow :- " Lord, that word abideth ever, Revelation is not sealed, Answering unto man's endeavour, Truth and right are still revealed. That which came to ancient sages Greek, Barbarian, Roman, Jew - written in the hearts deep pages, Shines to-day for ever new. Teach them that a Pagan who pays 20s in the £1 is a better citizen than any Christian who only pays 19\. Teach them that allcreeds. contain some truth. Teach them that Rome of the doctrines that Christ taught are absolute, and the reasons why ? Because a Bishop would not sell all he possessed and give it to the poor - no more than I would although he may be called the most reverend father in God. Teach that all men are equal in their birth, and that a honest man is the noblest work of God. Say in the language of Harriet Martineau - "All men are equal in their birth, Heirs of the earth and skies ; All men are equal when that earth Fades from their dying eyes. 'Tis man alone who difference sees And speaks of high and low ; And worships those, and tramples these, While the same path they go. All attempts made, or about to be made, to alter the secular standard of our present school system, will, I trust, be resisted by all men; who dosire the ad vancement of this young nation, and who would would prefer to see the boys and girls of this genera tion growing up shoulder to shoulder with minds brooding out into true patriotism. Why should the churches be allowed to have a voice in State school education. Let them look more after the Sunday schools. The State should know no man's religion, neithor should anyone class, or many olasses, how ever great their majority may be, prescribe, as it were, doses of theological physic to the few it would nauseate. What we want in those colonies is less theology and more liberty ; and when I say liberty I do not mean lawlessness - but liberty to enjoy and to express their opinions upon all matters theolo gical, without being dictated to by a lot of bigots and self righteous saints. " If all mankind, minus one. were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing man kind." So said John Stewart Mill. But, sir, do you think the Synod, or the Presbyterian Assembly, or the Wesleyan Conferenoe - I don't mention the Roman Catholics because they don't profess to be liberal - would endorse J. S. Mill's remarks, Scarcely. JAPONICA 0 Loudon Tn/f/i of 12th Juno luis boon asked t publish tlio following facts Tlio Australian team rocolvod tlio wliolo oC tlio gato-nianay for tlio two inntchos played rtt LonlV. No: dwluotjons .oE' iuiy Borfc jvoro mndo for .oxponsos. fjin'd t.lio olovou-lin'd iuiiolioons aiul drinks'fornathmjj, Tlio choq'uo,thoy rooolvod "ivns lor'.-ClllW 17s, for which llioh' 'repro Vontiitive did not ovon nay thank you, although ovoryono lind dono all tlioy could to coiuluco to their com fort, Jt wan KH^oslwl (hat, tlio lieouniary' results boing good for thd'ni, tli'uy mi^htglvo some thing to tho bonuvolonl. find other funds which tho M,Q. 0, pntinnlsu,: but no saUsfaolory reply was girou, 