mm®%. The Sealskin Mantle* By Rolf Boldrewood. Chapter I. 'Promise me not to be away more than a month, darling, will you not?' He was a tall, fair, well-dressed man who thus epoke to a lady equipped for a journey. They stood close together on the platform of the London Bridge railway station on a winter evening. His face was eager, the tone of his voice almost imploring, as he con tinued, 'I cannot help thinking, Marguerite, that you might have avoided this wretched journey altogether.'' u Yes, Hugh, and avoided, as you call it, at the same As she answered, her husband— for such he was— marked, almost with pain, her resolved air, that tranquil expression of the features which tells the gazer more emphatically than words that there is no hope of change. 'With a quick gesture as of renunciation, he whispered, ' My darling, you possess every virtue under the sun ; but some wicked old fairy threw down a root of obstinacy at your christening. However, we have argued it out, and 1 never knew you change at the eleventh hour. Come back as quickly as you can. The poor children will be so lonely, and I — but of course it does not matter.' 'Hugh! oh, my own one!' said the woman, turning towards him a face with every feature working piteously in a brave attempt to subdue strong emotion, ' do you not think that I suffer? that my inmost heart is not wrung with this sacrifice— almost the wrong I do you in leaving my home for any reason? But were I to fail aunt Angela in her sore need — were she now to die unleaded, un cared for — I should feel myself a guilty wretch for ever more. You could not love a wife so basely ungrateful, Hugh; you know you could not.' -« You have always been too good, too high-souled for my companionship, dearest,' he said, pressing her to his heart. ' And you can talk me round at any time, you know well ; but, in truth, 1 have a frightful presentiment of evil. May God keep us all from harm, and preserve forme my life's chief treasure ! Here you will find me, on this spot at this minute, when the four weeks are over.' The scream of the approaching train drowned the wife's last words, as she threw herself into her husband's arms, clung wildly to bis breast, then, tore herself away after one long convulsive caress. The tears were streaming down h«r face, as they walked together to the carriage. There they sat mutely gazing in one another's eyes, even after the warning bell had Bounded, and the inexorable official opening the door for the last time had looked menacingly at the passengers. Then only Hugh Gordon left his wife's side and walked stolidly on to the platform. ' Write from Paris,' he eaid huskily. 'From Marseilles rather,' she replied. 'I shall go right through ; the sooner there the sooner back. Fensez a moi.' She strove to smile reassuringly, as the train moved off, but the effort was a failure. As Hugh Gordon gazed long and fixedly at his wife's figure through the open window, he saw that she had buried her face in her hands. He could Bee the sealskin mantle which she. wore, the dark travelling dress ; he treasured then, every detail in his mind, as he had never done before. It was the first time they had been parted since their marriage, and for some reason or fancy of his own he had felt beyond all expression unwilling to consent to .the apparently trivial separation. . ' Hang all aunts, particularly when they are angels,' he blurted out, irritably. '* Why the deuce should she have chosen this particular time to fall ill in the south of France to require so costly a sacrifice as Marguerite's attendance. Only for that abominable scarlet fever we could have taken the children. Anything would have been better than this horrible loneliness.' Jlugh Gordon and his wife had been married five years, during which time they had never had a divided purpose, though thev may have differed as to the means whereby such purpose should be carried out. And in good sooth, was she a wife.' worth, how well,' all care ana tendance. In appearance eminently attractive and striking, tall and graceful, with a wealth of bright brown hair, and wondrous eyes of the darkest shade of hazel, Marguerite Gordon was one of those women who might have been wooed and won for her personal loveliness alone. But fair as was her external form it was the least important factor in the sum of her attributes. Time might impair the delicacy of her transparent complexion, and dim the lustre of those eyes eo proudly eloquent, but the warm true heart, the tender un eelfish love, the pure deep Christ-like zeal which, like lamps within a shrine were fed by the very sources of her being, could Buffer neither change nor decay. The high courage which led to a disdainful contempt for obstacles might be chastened by experience. The lofty disregard of the meaner trials of life might be softened into resignation. And he who was the happy custodian of this pearl of womanhood, this jewel of great price, would find as life wore on that its lustre would be enhanced and its intrinsic value demonstrated only the more clearly by the attrition of the world's hardships jmd bitternesses, . This had not been the verdict -of the friendly critics of society— those judges who sit on all our cases, in private courts, wherein 'our manners and morals, our duties and destinies, are discussed, whence verdicts issue from which there is no appeal. But Hugh Gordon knew and prized his wife 8 virtues at their proper value ; he despised all other estimates, and he thanked God in his heart almost every hour of the day for the mercy which* had accorded him 89 wondrous a possession. Her being in a manner compelled to perform a long railway journey through a foreign land, if France at this time of day can be so designated, was but the result of her temperament and circumstances'. Marguerite Wynn, with a brother and Bister, had been left an. orphan early in. life, Her father, a handsome, talented roue, after consuming her mother's fortune, and breaking her heart in the process, had gracefully departed this life when there was no more money to spend or mischief to be compassed. At this all-important juncture it was Aunt Angela who had hastened to perform the mother's part to the forlorn and terrified children. She found them huddled together in the garret of 8n obscure lodging-house in London, dreading t« be separated, yet fearful that the incensed landlady might turn them into the street. They never forgot the day when they were first clasped to that tender heart, and wept over with a mother's fondness. Since then they had been shielded from all the ills of life— nay, more, had enjoyed the advantage which a moderate incomo, unsparingly devoted to their welfare, could supply. Tneir mother's sister had taken, in every sense, the mother's burden upon her. The rare intelligences of the two girls had been carefully developed ; and the boy's studies brought to an issue which, with some well-husbanded family interest, procured aim a commission in the army. Nor time, nor personal exertion, nor money was spared by Aunt Angela; ehe lavished all with the uncalculating ten derness of a heart which even vicariously rejoiced to find its true maternal vocation. ' It would be a sin to leave erach rich soil untilled,' she would Bay when remonstrated with for incurring fresh, ex pense. 'After all, it is just what poor Elinor would havejdone forme. Deaf suffering taint that she always was! Besides, my dears, I am a prudent old woman ; the investment is a good one. See what grandes dames you will be one of these days. Yon shall take me out in your carriage : and Allister is going to be a general. He must pass the next examination first, though.' Aunt Angela's forecast was curiously accurate ; the nieces, handsome in different sty lge, talented, and withal gifted with a natural air of distinction, the only inheritance of value which they derived from their estimable, father, 'made brilliant marriages,' as the society phi^ase runs. The protectress' of their youth enjoyed the genuine satis faction of seeing her adopted daughters at once the joy and the ornament of homes worthy of them. Each was nappy in the choice of a husband unexceptionable as to character, sufficiently endowed with wealth, and embellished . by culture. '.-?.. She ehould have rested upon her laurels. But her heart was too expansive for mere self -satisfying enjoyment, how ever well earned. Some natures crave full employment in . the ceaseless war against evil. If denied scope,, they organise crusades. - . ' ? ? - , Such was the nature of Aunt Angela's preference for the South of France, no less sacred summons would have lured her from the shores of her beloved England. A new candidate for her unusual faculty of self-sacrifice had arisen. Harley Mortimer, an elegant and amiable militaire of no great strength of mind, had been a favourite intimate, even a dear friend, of hers in old davs. People darkly hinted . at an engagement. If so, it had been broken or evaded. The true Etory was never known. Captain Mortimer had suddenly made the most imprudent of marriages— had paid, as men are apt to do, for reckless self-indulgence and bad faith with a life's misery. A passionate, frivolous woman, the spoiled child of beauty and flattery,' ignorant of self restraint as an Italian peasant or a Russian duchess, she had tempted him to the irrevocable step. How dearly did he purchase the gratification of his fancy ! She laid waste every green thing — every floweret in the garden of his life — alternately idolised and neglected her children, defied her husband, and completed the desolation, of his home by an elopement. She in turn was deserted ; f or years her abode had been unknown, though her position was surmised; Left with a family of untrained girls and boys on his hands, never particularly strong either in mind or body, Captain Mortimer had taken his calamity ' to heart,' as the phrase rune, to such an extent that a dangerous and wasting illness supervened. Poverty, mainly resulting from his wife's reckless extravagance, complicated the position. The tale of woe happening to reach Aunt Angela's ears, she had promptly broken up her own small establishment in one of the loveliest parts of the fairest country in England, and alighted a ministering angel before the ill-starred home and its most forlorn inmates. Order, peace, plenty, and security seemed to fol low in his footsteps. Before many days had elapsed the sick man sufficiently recovered to take his place in a house which he hardly recognised, and among children who were improved out of all knowledge. He felt moved to fall at the feet of his old love and to worship her for her goodness ; but her calm, grave, stately kindness repressed him. Henceforth, however, the melan choly, brooding, half-despairing man saw his home beautified and his children led with firm, yet kindly, hand into the right path, and no day rose without her name, her's who had brought this magical change, being mingled with his prayers: And now ehe who had Buccoured so many lay a-dving, struck down by one of those mysterious visitations of dis ease which spare the reckless scoffer, the notorious evil liver, only to alight upon the patient enthusiast, the bearer of help to weary overladen souls. After nursing the whol« family to the point of recovery with ceaseless night watch ings and untiring tenderness, the healer had caught the infection and was past healing. The nurse herself required tending, the dryer of tears was now being wept over and Borrowed for, ?passionately— despairingly. Marguerite Gordon felt the. tears rise in her own eyes as she pictured to herself the desolate group. The weeping children, the anguished parent standing around the dying woman's bed. Aunt Angela had given her life in seeking to save that which was lost. Now if she herself, at the bidding of a perhaps overstrained theory, were about to im peril, perhaps to lose, a life so dear to others, so vitally necessary, in a sense to the children of her love, to the husband of her choice ! Confronting these disquieting thoughts, brave and high Eouled as was this woman, she could not but be moved. Yet she braced herself to the effort and steeled her heart, beating as was its every pulse almost to bursting. The coast was reached. She had crossed -the narrow sea, and' once more the train was speeding fast across the sandy region which lies between Calais and the French metropous.before she had completely recovered her ordinary self possession. Paris was reached in the gray of a bitter winter morning, a winter severe almost beyond the memory of man. Then the Marseilles line, nearing Lyons, where the train trembled as they swung at terrific speed around the curves of the best constructed, most liberally worked of all French railway lines. The long cold melancholy day had passed. The night was already far advanced. Passengers had left and entered when Marguerite commenced to observe keenly the appearance and manner of the only passenger— a female— who travelled in the same carriage. - -. The face was remarkable. One of those which haunt the gazer's brain/ long after the form has disappeared from sight, long after the tones of the voice have ceased to echo in his ears. There are such fatal forms— lores— all resistless for evil. . For what purpose they are sent we know not. But their power over the souls of men hae been chronicled since history's dawn. A woman, scarce older than herself, with the same shade of hair and colour of the eye ; a tall, slight, graceful woman; but so deeply had despair and, reckless woe. graven their lines upon her brow that much of the original beauty had for ever departed. The line of feature was not dis? eimilar, and through the whole ' personnel ' ran the strange suggestion of a likeness to Marguerite Gordon, .sufficiently distinct to be visible to the duplicate herself. ,: '?? ? r.- .'_ f I wonder— ah ! could anything ever have made me look ' as unhappy as that woman,' she said to herself- dreamily.' 'How little we know either to -what other conditions may have shaped ns. 'What has so altered, nay, wrecked ana ruined that face, quenched the light of the eye, and traced those' lines of eternal sadness around the corners of her mouth?'* . - . Some slight change of posture caused the unknown woman : to look np, and their eyes met. For one moment a look of haughty resentment, as of habitual use and- want, flitted over her features— then a look of ashen despair— hopeless gloom succeeded— sweeping away before it all trace of slighter emotion, as the. mountain tempest obliterates the summer shower, the passing cloud. 'When Marguerite's regard next fell upon the stranger, to whom she seemed attracted by some resistless fascination, tears were stealing between the elender fingers with which the had covered her face. .. ? -. ? \- Still attracted, even fascinated. Marguerite observed that, considering the inclement and severe weather which had now been experienced for several weeks, that she -was poorly and insufficiently clad. Her garments were of the best quality, and most fashionable make, without dirt, rent, or fray, but they were thin and threadbare to a degree that only a woman's eye could adequately discern. Gradually the unfailing tact and true sympathetic charity which formed so large a proportion of Marguerite Gordon's nature won the confidence of the strange wayfarer. Step by step Ehe elicited the fact that, like herself, she was bound on an errand connected with sickness and death of one dear, passionately dear, to that worn world-wearied heart. More ehe would not own; but enough was said, though bo full avowal was made to show that the stranger had formerly moved in a very different rank, and widely altered circumstances from those in which she now found herself. 'My punishment, like tne first mur derer's,' ebe said, ' ib greater than 1 can bear; but had it been a hundredfold more intensified— will it be so, I wonder, and for ages untold, as the priesti tell iu?' (she suddenly cried) — ' I ehould deserve it all. Why should I tell so much to yon — to a perfect Btranger?' she said. 'How they would have laughed once at the idea of Haughty Helen making confidence with, anyone; but something draws me to yon, as one ever noble and true, above the meannesses of life.' Here she again bowed her face on her hands and sobbed convulsively, while as the train rushed with unalackened speed through the dread ebon night, the storm- voioes ever and anon made their wailings audible through the roll and clatter of the onward-flying train. The situation was strange and embarrassing. It was long past midnight ; the cold was intense. A glance through the closed window only displayed an ocean of darkness, through which the red tongues of the lightning glittered at short intervals; while the heavy, driving sleet crashed upon the panes. ' Great Heaven !' suddenly said Marguerite to herself; 11 she is dying of cold/' as she marked the deep convulsive shuddering which from time to time pervaded the stranger's whole frame ; and, without a moment's hesitation, she took the sealskin mantle from her side, and, partly by signs and partly by urgent entreaty, prevailed upon the half -frozen etranger to indue it. She resisted strenuously at first; but, after a while, kindness and the sore need of warmth, from which she had been suffering for hours, prevailed. 'Yon are too kind; too good, indeed, if you knew bu'; all. I nave been living in a corner of this South of France— eh me .'—where few English come. What a ioy un speakable it is to meet a compatriot, and such a one.' ' I feel ashamed that I have not offered you one of my mountain of wraps before,' said Marguerite. ' My poor husband insisted upon loading me with every conceivable thing in the shape of warm coverings. He said the weather was awful, and no one could tell how much they might require.' ' Your husband? You are married, then?' said the unknown. ' And you love him, doubtless ; and he loves you ?' ' Indeed we do. Do I love him— ah, how much !'' ' And he loves you ? You are sure of that ?' queried the stranger, with curious eagerness. ' No man could love a woman more,' she answered, half wondering why she should have been drawn into a con fidence so unusual with her. ' Why,' she said, smiling, ' I could hardly persuade him to let me leave home on this journey.' ' He 'was1 right ; you were wrong. All lonely journeying bears risk. Is happiness so common that we should tempt the very force of nature to overthrow it ? You have a child?' ' I ha ve the dearest babies that ever gladdened a mother's heart. Oh ! my Lilian, my Arthur, my precious babes, bow long will be the days till I see you again ! ' 'My God! my God! ' cried the unknown, while her features worked, her every limb quivered as if in mortal agony. 'My sin was great before Heaven, but my punish- ??' ment is greater than I can bear.' Sighs such as may issue from the form wherein dwells a lost spirit told of endless despair ; tears rolled down the wasted cheeks, while sobs and choking gasps shook her -whole frame as she bowed her head on her breast and rocked herself to and fro in uncon trollable grief. ,. ' Can I do nothing for you ? Is your sorrow beyond human aid or counsel ?'' asked Marguerite, with the warm womanly sympathy which underlaid her clear and generally accurate mental vision. Ordinarily she would have held aloof from an acquaintance whose whole entourage betokened doubtful, if not compromising antecedents. But on this occasion caution was overborne by higher instincts, and only the deep charity of womanhood awoke, ready for any deed of mercy for the sake of a fallen sister. She took the cold hands which lay so nerveless into her own. She strove by every gentle and. womanly means to. arouse a feeling of confidence in the bosom of the unknown. All her efforts seemed vain. But at length the fearful , paroxysm came to an end. The heaving bosom was stilled, ' the bowed, head was raised, the tear-dimmed eyes un closed, and a faint glimmer of their former brilliancy re turned. Then she Bpoke : % 'I ought to have been able to preserve the mask; which time and sorrow have made wellnigh, in- : scrutable. But your kindness ~ has softened me— . has done that which desertion, neglect, and poverty, . ?doubly deserved as they are, had not power to do. When you epoke of your husband and children I thought my heart would have broken. Once I' had a loving ' husband— too fond, alas ! to guard the heedless woman who ? , Ehould have so dearly prized her own honour and his happiness.. Once I had children, fair as the morn, loving cherubs to the guilty womin whom now they know not by ' name. Then came the tempter, the fiend from hell. Well do I know now, too late, every demon's wile of his dark soul. The frivolous inexperienced woman, living but for dress and excitement, vain of her beauty, and thirsting for flattery, and &fo;*, was^changed by-Ms arts and her own folly into a guilty wretch, whose -doom was swiftly to befall. Now can you hold my hand in yours ?' . ' God's mercy is infinite,'* said fixe sweet full tones of Marguerite. 'You hare sinned, but you have suffered and repented, or you could not speak as you do now. Let us pray together ; it will lighten your heart ; it is the only solace on earth for the weary and heavy laden. ' Before you kneel with me. angel of mercy thatyouare,' said the strange companion, ' yon shall know who it is that you have succoured in the hour of her need, and, it may be, raised up from death unto life. ,L was was called in the world Helen Delacour.' Here she named a name so familiar to Marguerite as a etar in the firmament of fashion some years since; whose name had been in all men's months, and whose sudden fall from die heaven of fair fame had created the sensation of the dav. ..-..??? And was this pale, careworn, desolate woman the living personage, or the ghost of the once brilliant and beautiful .Lady Delacour. '- But for the wise counsels and careful training of her, whose sick couch I am on my way to watch,' she thought to herself, 'this woman's fate might have been mine,' and as the half painful idea passed through her brain, a thrill of gratitude gave light to the darksome winter journey, andmore than ever confirmed the pious resolution . which had actuated her in undertaking it; ' Letuskneelbeforethat Great Being,' she said, pressing : with renewed tehewed tenderness the ; trembling hand, ana drawing towards her £he -wasted- form. 'We are His children,' and the work of His hand; He knows our frailty bow then apartition seperates those -who are condemned and those who are honoured in this world. My sister, let us pray!' ?:- ?-:? . ?: -:, Still rolled the long train of carriages through the dread unbroken darkness of the gloomy winter night. The weird blaz9 of the great Limp shone through, but did not irradiate, the Cimmerian darkness. The wild wind howled and raved amid the intervals of the sleet storm, which ever and anon drove down upon the flying train. ' The half -frozen guard and engineer peer through the mist wrack, vainly endeavouring to distinguish such signals as might be reasonably looked for. Suddenly the red danger lamp glimmers from out the immediate darkness. It is too late ! The brakes are haid down ; but the impetus is great For one moment the muffled sound of another train immediately ahead is heard. The kneeling women rise to their feet, each with a look of calm trust in a superior power upon their faces. .Then with the sudden roar, the grinding/crushing sound of a falling avalanche comee — the collision is swift,f sudden, overwhelming, filling as with as lightning flash each sense with unendurable pain, terror, despair. An agonising moment— then a shrill, weird, V geiet'ehor ' of screams and groans, darkness, oblivion I ' Paris and Marseilles line !— Frightful Collision near the Paris and Lyons Terminus — One Hundred Passengers Killed ; an equal number wounded— Official Investigation Demanded.' , ? These were the announcements, in leaded capitals, wnica met the eye in all the leading papers for a week after the occurrence, with daily additions of such freshly gathered morceaux of realistic horror as the adventurous keen-eared specials could pick up. Within twenty hour hours the death list— a long one, alas .'—was published, first in the Continental, then 'in all the leading English journals. Their names and addresses were given as soon as they could be identified with the ' information gathered from' hotel registers and the like sources. Many of the corpses were frightfully mutilated; die figured' beyond all recognition, even by the friend* ana relatives who come pouring in by the first trains, eager to gate even- upon the sad relics of the loved and lost— to mourn over the wreck of youth and loveliaeas— to hang despairingly over the epot where |the beings that had lent every charm to life lay cold and still for evermore. Among these stony-eyed, sad-faced pilgrims, in whose changed countenance no light of human interest shone, was Hugh Gordon. He had been permitted to view for one Bad hour at least the shattered form— the dread death likeness of her who had so lately lain on his bosom, whose heart had throbbed with the warmth of purest wedded love for him, and him only. A cloth covered the disfigured face— the crashed and \- mangled form. This he bat once removed, to replace with soul-curdling horror. A long dark lock escaped from the close cap which confined the once- abundant tresses. This he shore gently from the head, then kissed the pale cold brow, and placed the relic on his heart The officers of the department had been assisted in their identification of the wife of the rich English milord by the name and address of the dead woman on a strip of linen sewn inside of the valuable sealskin mantle which she had worn at the time of the accident. Yes! how, well he remembered marking the letters to form, ' Marguerite Gor don ;' and now the ink was still fresh, the gloss upon the costly garment wbb, as yet unworn; and yet she who had . been associated with every living moment of every day of his life since the happy marriage time was a mutilated corse, hasting to foul decay, only meet to be buried, out of his, out of all men's sight. ' - It was too sudden, too horrible to be true. He wept, he moaned, he raved, he tore his hair, he blasphemed. He arraigned even the goodness of the Almighty Being by whom such horrors were permitted. 