THE REV. J.C. KIRBY ON SOCIAL PURITY. A talk to men only, under the title " Men and Women," was delivered by the Rev. J.C. Kirby at the Y.M.C.A. hall on Tuesday even- ing. There was a crowded attendance, and Mr. James Smith occupied t? introduced the lecturer by ?peaking in eulo gistic terms of the courage he had displayed by bringing this matter so prominently before the South Australian public Mr. Kibbt, who was received with cheers, began by easing be was not the originator of such measures for the promotion of social parity, legislative and otherwise, as be had advocated at various times, becausehe felt bound by his conscience so to do. He was merely a dtsdplr, sitting at the feet of such teachers as Mrs. Josephine Butler. Mr. Shean, barrlster-at-law, Mr. Joseph Djer, and others. He would take his text that night from Tennyson— "The woman's cause is man*, they rise or tick together, dwarfed or godlike, bond or free.'' An eloquent legislator had recently told them, in his wanderings through the garden of poetry, that— ?? AH women are nkes at heart." He saw no beauty in that line; and his im pression was that it was false witness con cerning the gentler sex. (Hear,hear.} Sash an idea, if entertained, would exercise a very deleterious influence on the lives of both young and old men. Ho doubt there were both women and men of bad propensities, but it was in almost every case the designing tednccr—with his flattery, gifts, and promises —who accomplished the rain of theyoaag, un suspecting girl, who yielded herself to his simulated affection, or else, as was often the aad cue in the great cities ot Europe, the girls were driven on tbe streets by misery and starvation. He knew of ? cue In Bris bane where two young sisters, well brought up, bat left in poor circumstance*, went out as governesses. Tney were strangers in the city, and one sister fell ill; and to —yntatTi her the other sister sacrificed her parity. It was a foolith thing for her to do in a city like Brisbane, whete she bad only to ntske her sitter's case known among philanthropic people in order to alleviate it; acd when once the circumstances were known she bad the means given her to abandon the wretched life which In her heart she hated. It was sometimes said that women were boend over to a good life, because the conse qnebces of indiscretion were so much more grievous to them than to the male sex. Well, She consequences were grievous, but the temptations to the women ware, as he had pointed out, in many instances much heavier than they could be to men. With regard to solicitation, the speaker said the tame penalties should apply te men as to women. (Oheen.) The preserving effect of a mother's influence over her daughter's career was shown in the fact that of the girls admitted into the afg'U'"' Hospital at Glasgow nJnety>two out of every hundred were mother less girls. All young men should form a high ideal of woman, of what she is, and what she ought to be. Some men made the alleged evil propensities of women an argument why the law should not protect little girls under fifteen, but he would tell them that the awn who could be allured by the attractions of little girls under fifteen was not a man at all, and stood lower than the beasts of the field themselves. (Applause.) It wu not the young girls who were dan gerous ; it was the mature woman who had gone upon the street to nuke a market ot her charmv, and who showed how the corruption of the best could produce the wont. In all cases where a young man was solicited or allured, whether by women of the street* or by women of evil propensities such as were represented by Potiphar's wife, he>djared him to remember ana to follow the example set him in the biblical story, and to dare to be a Joseph, [The whole audience here stood tip and sang the hymn—"Dare to be a Daniel."] The lecturer then entered folly into the subject of the social evil, describing vividly the dangers both to parse and health which were run by young men who thought they were clever enough to go jut as tar in vicious courses as was compatible with safety to thenuelvea. He drew a harrowing ing picture of the ghastly diseases to —>Hf)i ?m?h ft wyiifomi- ?inld TlffoP* pifflHnrM laid Miwftif open, one ftf tlwty described by the great physician, Sir William Gull, as so thoroughly permeating a man's whole frame and being, that were his very ghost after death to rise from the grave it would be stm infected by it Two or three times in the conne of his ministrations he bad been called to the deathbeds ot men dying of this terrible complaint, and the sight was one of the most dreadful imaginable. If he was asked who wu worse than a murderer he would answer that it was the man who knew he had such a disease, and yet wu so Infamous a wretch, and so lost to every higher feeling, as to dare to cohabit with any woman. (Cheers.) It it were possible to make such a thing penal it should be done, but there were some crimes that mart be left to the punishment of God alone. The lecturer then touched on the means adopted to eradicate such complaints, and stated chat the attempt to overcome them by legislative enactments and police regulations bad failed. In Glasgow the people felt some years ago that these ecourges, arising v they did bom tin, could not be combatedin this manner, and they therefore contented themselves with cpening a hospital which gave ready admis sion to female patients. The results of this moral sjetem had been the diminution of all classes of these "tiwaimv and at the same time a general improvement of the condition of affairs in that city. Mr. Kirby concluded with some earnest words of admonition, and was awarded a hearty vote of than Ira. 