Turf Notes, by ' Hipparion.' The Spring campaign opens with the Hawkesbury Meeting on August 21st and 23rd. The winner of the Hurdle Race may be oue of the following trio : — Dizzy, Alpha, Uhlan. Gipsy King is entered for the Selling Stakes, aud if he goes for it may have a show along with Rataplan, Paul, Revenge, and perhaps Nepicallina. Some good class ones are down for the Maiden Plate, aud on paper the most likely should be Tiemando, Manrico aud Coir. The Two-Year-Old Plate has much the same entries as for the sister race on Saturday last the winner of which should be 'about' here. Writing before the result of Tattersall's Stake is knowu, aud going by pedigree only, I go for the following (reserving the right to ameud the pro phecy 011 receipt of telegrams from Rand wick of Saturday's doings) : — The chosen one of Mr. Smart's pair, Yoondoo by Ro binson Crusoe — Patch, aud Tyrell by King of the Ring — Jessamine, Nellie Farren , aud Queen's Own. The Guineas will be an interesting race i f the best of last seasons eome to the post, for among the nominations are Regret, Iolauthe, Superba, Bargo, Bolero, Lord Exeter, Garfield, The Bohemian, King's Own, and Houeydew, aud the winner is pretty certain to be one of them, though probably not half will see the post. I filmll. however, five mv vote for Lord Exeter, aud King's Own. The Hawkesbury scratchiugs reduced the list for the Graud Handicap to 43. Of the nine selected as most likely on July 26th, only Jessie, and Here's Luck, have been scratched, and I shall therefore rely on tlie remaining seven to justify my faith iu tlieiu, and they are First Demon, Hurricane, Baron Von Mueller, Bos caweu, Sloth, Wallangra, aud Phyllis. Cooktown races on August 20 and 27. Tlie handicaps were published last week, the top weights being Ike and The Buck at 9 st. !) lbs. each in the Town Plate. At 3 lbs. less The Buck holds the pride of place for the Cooktown J. G. Handicap. For the Railway Plate The Buck has 10 st., lowest weight 7 st., aud for the Flying Handicap the N. S. Waler Lord Loftus is at the head of affairs with 9 st. Battle Axe by Clarion— Jewess, who raced so well at Gayndah aud Gympie for Mr. Cadell and Mr. F. I. Power, is entered for tbe two leading races aud has to carry only 7st. 121b. aud 7st. 101b. Both fit and well, I doubt if the Buck could give the old Ideraway horse any weight, aud should the latter run iu anything like his old form, the double is as good as iu his owner's pocket, for Malvern (Bargo's brother) has been shaping so badly that | even at 7st. 91b. and 7st. 81b., I have 110 faith in him. Judging from Newbolt's running with Ben Bolt aud Qui Vive iu the north, he should have no difficulty iu winning the Railway Plate under 7st. 21b., and the Fly ing Handicap at 21b. less. The following nominations were re ceived on Monday night for the Gympie Handicaps : — Gvmpib Annual Handicap : — Cos sack, Rattrap, Orphan, Inglesides, My Love, Medusa, Elsinore, Ellington, Eclipse, Moorlad, Elastic, Phoenix. Town Pj.ate. — Cossack, Rattrap, Orphan, Inglesides, Medusa, My Love, F.M'iorp, Ellington, Elastic, Olea, Fair Heieii, Acrobat, Phoenix. Miners Purse.— Iuglesides, Olea, Eclipse, Lavelet, Bally, Moorlad, Pilot, Phoenix, Cast Ashore. Queensland Plate.— Cossack, Rat trap, Orphan, Elsinore, Bally, Phcenix, Pilot, Acrobat, Olea. Hukijle Race. — Cossack, Inglesides, After Dark. The weights will appear to-day, (Satur day). Acceptances aud general entry on Monday night at 8 p.m., when the fol lowing events will 'close aud name.' Trial Stakes of 25 sovs., 1} miles. All Aged Stakes of 30 sovs., 6 furlongs. Sel ling Race of 10 sovs., 7 furlongs, aud Ladies' Bracelet of 30 and 15 sovs., 1 mile. The only Queensland meetings after Gynipie remaining in the Calendar, are the Cloncurry J. C. on Sept. 2 aud 4, and the Herberton, Wild River J. C. on Sept. 24 and 25. The Hou. B. B. Moreton's b,m. Zephyr by the Sir Hercules horse Earl of War wick, her dam Zoe (Moorlad's dam) by Messenger, imp., arrived in town 011 Saturday from Wetheron en route for Wooroobola, near Tiaro, where she and her yearling filly Sea Breeze, by Euclid, engaged in the Produce Stakes of 18S6 will be taken care of with a view to the ful filment of that engagement. Sea Breeze is a beautiful fitly with magnificent shoulder aud forehand good barrel and quarters, and chock full of quality, a credit to both sire and dam. The Gympie meeting on Wednesday and Thursday promises well from tho number of entries. As the weights are uot declared until to-day after publica tion of this journal, any notice of the handicapping is out of the question. The very name of Orinond will probably frighten away entries from the All Aged Stakes, as was the case at Maryborough, and the final clauses attached to the Trial Stakes will prevent the issue of that race being forsbadowed by the result of the race of the same name here. The first foal of the season is probably the colt by Grand Flaneur out of Misfor tune, who was dropped at the Richmoud stud (Mr. A. Town's) at 1 o'clock in the morning of August 1st ; little more than an hour earlier and the youngster would have been useless for all w.f.a. races, and would have been a year old a few minutes after his birth. The death of Sappho prompts one to adopt Ben Jonson's ramous epitaph : Premier's sister Kingsborougb's mother. Deatli, ere Ibou has slain another Fair, and fast, and true as she, Time shall throw a dart at thee. Sappho, foaled in 1862, was only just 22 years when she died. She was half sister to P/emier and Forester and full sister to Chancellor, who was allowed to leave the district and die 'unwept unhonoredand unsung.' Her best foals were Lecturer, Kingsborough, Savanaka, Emily, Nellie and Spinningdale. She also threw Saionara, a fair colt, if not the equal of his brilliant brother aud sister; and Lamoud has a 2-year-old filly out of the old mare, by King of the Ring. Tom Kirk, who nm second to Calnmia for the Melbourne Cup, died in India from an accident which ivas followed by tetanus. Hurricane was first favorite on Satur day last for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Wallangra was backed at 100 to 6 ; Bafr tallions, who won the Loftus Handicap on that day, at 100 to 6. Garfield's price'for the V.R.C. Derby is 100 to 15 ; Bargo's 100 to 12. Sweet William, Le Grand, Skipper, and Bargo were backed for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 3. The same price was wanted about Gar Seld, and taken 'again about Despot, The JBroker, Sir Garnet (brother to The Assyrian). Silver King, Wallangra, and Ned of the Hills. A very interesting article by the 'Countiy Correspondent' of ' Bells' Life in London,' endea vors to show how difficult, if not impossible, it is to decide whether a given horse of the present day is better or worse than the crack6 of times gone by. Tho occasion of the article is the surpassing excellence of the crack three year-old of the season, St. Simon, who, though thrown out from the Derby and St. Leger competition, has won his every race with ridiculous ease, in fact, without being asked to gallop iu earnest. ' It is early days yet to ialk of St. Simon as in comparable, as there have been several before him tbat as three-year-olds, up to Doncaster autumn, have had it pretty well their own way, and then defeat has overtaken them.' Priam won eight races, including the Derby, before he met with a reverse on Doncaster Town Moor, where his colors were lowered by Birmingham. Plenipotentiary was written of as quite the best horse of his day. He was the easiest of Derby winners, and always looked to win half extended until he finished nowhere iu Touch stone's St. Leger. The Flying Dutch man, as a two and three-year-old, was any sort of distance in front of every thing, aud it was late in the year as a four-year-old, that he met with his only reverse, and that at the hands of Volti geur, a defeat which was after revenged, though uot in a way to show that the Flying Dutchman was right away by himself. Nearly the same doubt may banc over Bav Middle ton, who was never defeated ; but iu oue race— that with Elis, for the two thousand, it was a big fight, aud Bay Middleton had to do all he knew to win by the ueck, which was all the judge allowed. Aud so the writer goes 011, instituting comparisons with Crucifix, Queen of Trumps, Kincsem, West Australian, Ted diugton, Gladiateur, Galopin, Vedette, and summing up as follows : — -'A glance back at tbe records shows, therefore, that St. Simon stands out by himself amongst all modern English racehorses as the winner of seven events right off the reel, without suffering defeat, though he does not quite equal Priam, when the latter stood at the age of St. Simon, but the latest celebrity has, if anything, won his races easier. . . . It is said that the last mentioned was as good as, or better than a fairish three-year-old, iu his past season ; but this is nothing new, as a trial actually took place which induced the I'Ansons to believe that Blink Bonny could have won the St, Leger as a two year-old. Fobert said he was sure '? no four-year-old could have won tbe Flying Dutchman's Derby.' The only point is that so far nothing has beeu able to measure St. Simon, and something was found to measure the Flying Dutchman, though St. Simon will have to live about a year and a half longer to get to the age of tbe Flying Dutchman when he was defeated for tne first and only time. . . . St. Simon is said by one who has seen both, to be very like Tim Whiflier, the winner of the Chester Cup of 1882'; 'aud,' Sell's contributor continues, 1 'looking into an old print shop the other day, I could uot help being struck with the resemblance between the modern crack and Camel, the sire of Touchstone.' Such a grand lot of three-year-olds as those of 18S4 have seldom been equalled, aud therefore St. Simon's excellence is the mere marked, for there is little doubt that Busybody, Superba, Sandiway, St. Gatien, Harvester, Scotfree, The Lamb kin, Little Duck, Archidue, Brest, aud Duke of Richmond are horses above the average three-year-old form, aud St. Simon seems to be lengths better than tlie best of these. But Matthew Dawson, a high authority, is by 110 means a fan dator tcmporis acti, and believes, with the writer, whose essay forms the sub stance of tliis article, tho I neither Eclipse nor Highflyer nor Flying Childers nor Snap would ever have Jiad a ghost of a show, over any distance, and under any weight against our modern racehorses, and he considers that '? going back to the Arab is going back to the beginning of the story.' At the same time Mat Daw son thinks it would be useful to find some sort of test between past aud present racehorses, or at least, between the pre sent and the future so as to mark how, or whether we do improve. Great races, he suggests, governed by time clauses, might meet the requirement, aud it is certainly worth the while of the Jockey Club to initiate, say, a Champion Race of 5000 sovs., for 3-year-olds and upwards, w.f.a. winners of certain races ouly, and, according to the distance, to be run in a certain number of minutes, the whole of the stakes to be awarded with very liberal allowances for second aud third, if passin? the post within the prescribed time. At all events, now that there is such a wonder as St. Simon, it would be useful to get what our American cousins or Austra lian children would call his ' record' as a guide for the future. Since the above was written St. Simon has added the Goodwood Cup to his list of triumphs. 