GOLDEN CROSS (BY J. J. UTTI G.) CHAPTER XIX.--Contlmud. Sir Frederick started up in the bed. ' I tell you I must have them to-night -now--at once- I How do I know that some one may not have been at my gold-I mean my papers-while I have been lying here unconscious. You, I would not trust ; and, for all I know, you may have tampered with my things already,' Dalton looked up at the clock. The hands pointed five minutes. to mid night. At one time his heart had re lented, and he had almost resolved to abandon the plot. What if the old man should alter his mind and leave everything to Aida after all. But no, 14e would never do that-he would dis cover the loss of his gold; he would see Mrs. Mountjoy, and with the full return of his reason would come back all his old hard thoughts. Sir Frederick sat up in bed and -almost glared at him as he finished speaking. Dalton's purpose was once more settled. There was little time to Waste in useless talk now, and be resolved to go straight to. the point at once, knowing, too, that Fordyce was behind the curtain and could hear every word. 'Sir Frederick, you have always used your daughter and her children with harshness and cruelty, to say nothing of me ; when I have applied to you for assistance you have uniformly refused it, although you may have un told gold hidden away about you.' ' What do you know about me and my gold, hey ? What do you know? 'Nothing-but you said yourself just now that someone might have been atit. Why, sir, I despise your gold as much as I despise you. And as the world scorns you for your conduct towards your unhappy dead daughter, so do I scorn you for your conduct towards my wife - your younger daughter.' The baronet seemed confounded by this sudden attack, and answered nothing. He was sitting up in bed leaning on his hands, staring vacantly. ' The world knows you too well, Sir Frederick, ever to again attribute to you one spark of fatherly affection. The man who would let his daughter starve, and afterwards rot in a parish burial ground, is branded with the in. famy which so well befits him. Think of it, old man. Your own daughter I your eldest born i selling her. wedding ring, pawning her trinkets; aye, that very present-that Golden Cross which you presented to her as a birthday gift -pawning it for a morsel of bread to .save herself and her children from the workhouse, or from death. And that's the love you bear her ! Why, old man, as sure as you sit there upon you death-bed; you'll be haunted in your grave by the ghost of your daughter your dead daughter, Milly." The old man stared wildly, then moaned "Oh, oh," and placed his hands over his eyes as though to shut some thing out. The clock on the wall struck twelve, and as it finished, the tell of the large turret clock tolled out the hour -of midnight in loud and m' - easured tones. ' No I no -no I-no !' cried the -Baronet, placing his hands to his ears as though to shut out the sound. At the same moment Dalton turned down the lamp on the table, and the curtains at the foot of the bed were drawn aside, and disclosed a female Sfigure clothed in white. The face was deadly pale; the eyes shone with an unnatural brilliancy; the long black hair:streamed down in front over the shoulder aLnd bosom; and the right hand was, held out in an attitude of warning. In front of the neck, upon \- -the bosom, hung a large Golden Cross. The whole figure was enveloped in a -halo, of green, and bore a most ghost Slike appearance. It was the image of the old man's dead daughter, Emily. Dalton covered his face with his hands. He was trembling like a leaf. The old man saw the figure, leaned ;.agerly forward, and then cried oun, 4?My Godl my Godl Oh, Milly! :give me peace I peace I peace I' Ie never took his eyes off the stern iwhite face which seemed to fascinate i irn. .- " -A deep sepulchral voice replied, S-'Peace ! There is no peace for me or mine; as you wreaked our peace so 'shall yours be wrecked; and- when be yond the grave you shall be doomed to misery for ever. 'The Baronet shrieked in a choking voise. and fell back writhing oni the bed. The plot had been only too effective. The next day Sir Frederick was as hiopeless lunatic, and 'within a week was the inmate of a private madhouse in the vicinity of London. \- CHAPTER XX: , WE left Jack Jowler, at the close of the thirteen chapter, returning to his home in Walworth, in a serious frame of mind, and a great deal less of liquor about him than was generally- the case after a night with the 'Blighted Owls,' or, indeed, any night when he had the opportunity of getting a skinful. On this occasion, however, if he was not qui-te sober, he was not very far from it, and as he put the latch key into the door of his lodgings he mentallyiresoli·ved to ' keep straight,' and to pay Darrell a Svisit the next morning at Drag's Court. True to his resolution, after a good n:ght's sleep he prepared for an early visit to the Seven Dials, in which choice locality Drag's Court is situated. The neighbourhood generally is by no means a reputable one-the particular Court in question is perhaps'the most disreputable in it.. It was about 10 ?o'0lock when Jowler entered this, and even at that hour there were signs of 'drunkennesss and debauchery on every hand. Several dirty-looking and blear eyed women were standing at the door, which, being mostly wide open, dis closed the poverty and squalor within; and a number of men in their shirt sleeves or blouses, smoking short clay pipes, did not improve the general appearance of things, particularly as more than one was already in a maudlin state of intoxication. Then, too, the Court was filled with a number of ragged children in all stages of dirt and and emaciation, while the ground was covered with refuge which gave forth anything but a fragrant odour. As Jowler past along, his olfactory nerves were offended, and for a moment he placed his handkerchief tohisfacetokeep out the unwelcome scent. Ashedid so he ran against a boy, about fourteen years of age, dressed in a shabby suit of corduroy clothes, with a stove-in black hat upon his head and one shoe and one boot upon his feet. The young gentle. man also boasted of a black eye and a 1 strip of black sticking plaster across the upper part of his nose, which by no means enhanced his personal appearance. Added to which he had a clay pipe in. his mouth with a stem less than an inch long, so that, taken altogether, he was not likely to favourably impress a stranger an the score of gentility. . ' Bollo, gov'nor I where are yer a shovin' to,' said he. ' I beg your pardon, my lad; I did not see you.' 'Oh, cricky I carry me out i Well I you are a perlite un, you are. But if you jams yer hanksherin yer eyes how d'yer expect to see a gemmon when yer meets one. Why yer might a 1 spiled my clothes-look at that now I' Jowler could not help smiling at the boy's. humour. Looking down upon him, he would hardly have supposed him to be ef a comic turn of mind. He presented a starved and miserable ap pearance-his eyes were sunken and his cheeks had fallen in, and though covered with dirt, were pale and un healthy looking. ' We!l, that would have been a pity, certainly,' returned Jack, smiling. ' Are they the best you've got ?' ' Not orzackly-yer should see my Sunday go-to-meeting-clothes of fine black cloth packed away. in my four penny collar-box. But what are yer doing up here gov'nor-what's yer lay ?' ' Well I'm looking for No. 3-do you know it ?' ' Well, I rayther guess I do. There it is-right before yer nose,' he added, pointing to one of the few closed doors in the place. 'Everybody knows Mother Maloney's.' ' Do you know if she is in ?' 'Well, yes, I do know about that much.' N' Has she a lodger named Darrell ? ' Yes, that's his name. And I tell you he'sjust about kicked the bucket; so if you :cant to see him alive you'd better hurry.' ' You know him, then ?' ' Rayther. I live there too.' ' * ' What's wrong with him ?' 'Gin.' ' Is he drunk ?' ' No; that's what he'd like to be. He's pretty bad with the 'D.T.'s this morning. Jack felt in his pocket and drew out a shilling. He would be extravagant on this occasion, for he still had several left. ' Here, take this, boy, and tell Mrs. Maloney a friend has called to see Mr. Darrell.' 'Well, you are a brick, and no flies.' This boy was very much a counter part of what Fred had been about two years before, only that he was older. He straightway went to the. door, opened it, and entered, saying, ' Come on, sir, it's all right; any friend of mine is welcome here. Mind your head, the door's somewhat low, and take care of the steps.' There was something amusing in the, boy's hospitality and politeness under the circumstances. Descending three or four steps, Jowler found himself in a miserable room; indeed, it might be almost termed a cellar. There was a small piece of dirty matting in the middle of the floor, and, lying on a stretcher in one corner, was Darrell, tossing on the bed, while Mrs. Maloney was bending over him, trying to induce him to be quiet. He evidently wanted to get up. ' A stranger come to see you, mum; but a friend of MIr. Darrell's.' Jowler approached the bed. He would hardly have known the man, so greatly was he changed. He was a mere wreck of his former self, and was shaking like a leaf. ' Is he ill, mam ?' ' Yes, sir, he's been on the drink very heavy lately.' ' Is he your lodger ?' 'Yes he is, but divil the ha'penny of his rint I ever sees. But there's one thing, he can't go on like this much longer, for another bout or two will send him off' 'Has he got no friends'? Does no one ever come to see him I' 'Divil a friend.' 'Except yourself, Mrs. Maloney. Don't forget that.' This from the boy. 'And why do you befriend him, mam ? Is he a relation of yours ?' ' A relation is it ?-not he. But I'll tell you,' sir. I knew his wife. She died in my house, and in his presence, and in the presence of his son, and I don't want to turn him out, though truth to tell, I'm sick and tired of the man. ' Take him away, take him away, I tell you ' cried Darrell, pointing to Jowler; 'he's come to murder 'me; he's come to murder me; I know he has.' ' Have you had the doctor to bim a?' ' Yes, several times the parish doctor has been round., But it's no good ;:he no sooner gets better than he gets worse again.' 'Well, he shouldn't stay here; he ought to have some attendance.' Turn. ing to Darrell: ' Do you'know me, Mr. Darrell ?' ' Yes, I know you; you have come to murder me, as you murdered Milly and Ada and Fred. Poor Fred.' He said the last, two words in a pitying, moaning tone. ' Be mustn't stay here Mrs. Maloney. It's not safe either for himself or you. I am a friend of the family's, and must look after him. Unless he gets attend. ance he'll die here.' ' Sure I expect it every day.' 'Why don't you send him to the hospital ?' ' Sure and they won't take him in. I tried it, and they said them places is for the sick and not for the drunken.' ' Well, I'll see about that. But before I go I want to ask you a question. You remember the death of this man's wife. Do you remember a tin box being in her room just before she died.' ' I remember it quite well.' ' Do you know what became of it ?' 'No; I don't. I have been ques. tioned about it before. Unless her son took it away, which I don't think likely-for he was a good boy-I don't know who could have taken it but that doctor.' ' Dr. Kilgore ?' ' How do you know his name P' 'I know him. And you positively don't know anything more about it ?' 'Nothing at all, at all.' ''It would not be the doctor, my good woman, and I shouldn't think it would be the boy-in fact, I'm sure it would not. Perhaps some one stole into the room when you were out. and nicked it, thinking it might contain jewellery.' ' Ah, sir, perhaps so; but don't make so light of the poor woman's death as that-her jewel case is it ?' 'Indeed, Mrs. Maloney, I did not mean to do that. So we'll put it down that the box was stolen, and never mind who stole it. I don't suppose there was anything of value in it.' 'I don't suppose there was. That makes it all the stranger its being stolen.' ' Well, well, we'll think no more about the box, but about this unfor tunate man here. I'll tell you what I'll do. I know a doctor belonging to an hospital not far off, and I'll go away and get an order for Mr. Darrell's ad mission. Has he had anything to drink this morning ?' ' Divil a sup.' 'Well, here's a shilling. Get him something, but don't give him too much.' Jowler had a lively recollection of his own feelings of a morning when he had suffered with ' hot. coppers' and felt literally dying for a drink." 'And now I'll go, but I'll be back presently.' Turning to the boy. 'What's your name ?' ' Jack Downie.' ' Well, Jack Downie, you kIok after Mr..Darrell, and when I come back I'll give you another shilling. For the present, ta, ta I I won't be later than twelve. And Jowler took his departure, and as he left the court he was the cynosure of all eyes, and various were the conjectures as "to whether he was a doctor, a lawyer, a preacher, or an undertaker. The women put him down to the ecolesiastical profession, a con clusion to which his shabby suit of black with a necktie to match, without' a glimmer of collar, gave countenance. He was very glad when he had left the court behind. He made his way straight to Bar tholomew's Hospital, and, as luck would have it, the doctor was in, and Jowler obtained an interview with him. He explained the case, made Darrell out to be much worse than he really was, said he was himself a friend of the family, reminded the doctor of Mrs. Darrell's unhappy end two years before, 'at which,' he added. 'you played no unimportant part' (Dr. Eil gore started visibly at this), aund wound up by asking him to allow Darrell to be admitted as an inmate of ihe hoe pital. The doctor at first demurred, upon which Jowler assumed a bolder tone; threw out hints as to the death of Mrs. Darrell, and the mysterious disappear ance of a box subsequently, and sug. gested that if an inquiry were made into the whole of the ciroumstances the result might not be of so satisfactory a character as some persons would like. 'Oh, you may bring him-you may bring him.' 'Will youwrite me the order ? ' You write it. I will sign it.' Jowler looked at his hand. It was shaking like a leaf. He was almost as bad as the patient whom it was proposed to'admit, for he was a very heavy, drinker of spirits, and the wonder was that he maintained his position at the hospital so long. The order signed, Jack made his way back to Drags Court as fast as he could; then, with the help of Jack Downie, got Darrell into a cab, and shortly afterwards he was admitted into the hospital. Jowler then left, promising to cell again on the follow ing day. Not wishing to be seen walking along any of the fashionable parts of the city in company with his newly-made friend, Jowler pulled up wt the gateway of the hospital, and taking the last shilling from his pocket, offered it to Downie, saying, ' Here, boy, take this for your trouble. I'd give you more, but it's all I have in the world.' 'What I dy'e think I'd take yer last bob? Not Jack Downie--not if the prisoner's aweer on it. You gev me one bob, that's snuff.' ' But I expect you've spent that." S'No; I giv it to I mother Maloney, and she's going to get a slsap up feed for dinner with it.' (To be Contdortnued,) . 