STORIES OF ART AND ARTISTS. [By C. E. Clement, iaSt. Nicholas.] ( Concluded from last week.) In 1512, Durer was first employed by the Emperor Maximilian, whose life was pictured in the great print of the ' Triumphal Arch.' It is said that this sovereign made Durer a noble ; and we know he granted the artist a pension of two hundred dollars a year, which was not always promptly paid. Dorer re lated that, one day, when he was working on a sketch for the emperor, his Majesty tried to make a drawing himself, using a charcoal era; on ; but he had great trouble on account of its breaking, and complained that he could do nothing with it. The artist took the crayon from his hand, saying, 'This as my sceptre, your Majesty,' and then taught the sovereign how to use it. On the death of hi* mother Durer wrote a particular account, from which I give an extract :— ' Now sou must know that in the year 1513, on a Tuesday in Cross-week, my poor, unhappy mother, whom I had taken under my charge two years after my father's deatb, because she was then guite poor, and who had lived with me for nine years, was taken deathly sick on one moraine early, so that we had to break open her room ; for we knew not, as she could not get up, what to do. And her custom was to go often to church ; and she always punished me when I did not act rightly ; and she always took great care to keep mo and my brothers from sin ; and whether I went in or out, her con stant word was ' In the name of Christ'; and with great diligence she constantly gave us holy exhortations, and had great care over our souls.' She lived still a year, and the artist wiote :— ' I prayed for her and had such great grief for her that I can never express. And she was sixty -three years old when she died, and I buried her honorably, according to my means. And in her death she looked still more lovely than she was in her life.' la 1520 Durer, with his wife and her maid, Susanna, made the tour cf the Netherlands. His principal object in this journey was to see the new emperor, Charles V., and obtain a confirmation of the pension which Max millian had granted him, and, if possible, the appointment of court-painter also. This tour was made when there was great wealth and prosperity all through the Low Countries and Durer's journal was filled with wonder at the prosperity and magnificence which he saw. At Antwerp he met Quint in Malays, of whom we have already spoken, and other Flemish painters, and writes : — 'On St. Oswald's Day, the painters invited me to their hall, with my wife and maid; and every thing, mere, was oi suver turn, umer vosuy ornamen tation, andextremely costly viands. There were also their wives there ; and when I was con ducted to the table, all the people stood up on each side, as if I had been a great lord. There were amongst them also many persons of dis tinction, who all bowed low, and in the most humble manner testified their pleasure at seeing me, and they said they would do all in their power to give me pleasure. And, as I sat at table, there came in the messenger of the Bath of Antwerp, who presented with me with four tankards of wine in the name of the magistrates; and he said that they desired to honor me with this, and that 1 should nave ineir gooa-wni. Ana tor along time we were very merry together, until quite late in the night ; then they accompanied us home with torches in the most honorable manner, and they begged us to accept their good-will, and said they would do whatever I desired that might be of assistance to me. While at Antwerp, Durer met many notable people, and painted some portraits ; he also sold many engravings, and all his business matters are recorded in his journal. The Portuguese consul sent a large quantity of sweetmeats and a green parrot to Agnaa Durer, and her husband in return presented the consul with several scare of engravings. It would be a curious thing to know where these prints are now, and we wonder how much the consul then prized what would now be of such great value. He went to Brussels with Tomasiu Fiorianus, and was there entertained with great honors, and was well received by the Regent Margaret, who promised to interest herself in his behalf at the Imperial court. Of this visit he wrote:— 'And I have seen King Charles's house at Brussels, with its fountains, labyrinth, and park. It gave me the greatest pleasure ; and a more delightful thing, and more like a paradise, I have never before seen. At Brussels there is a town hall built of hewn stone, with a splendid transparent tower. I also have been into the Nassau house, which is built in such a costly style and so beautifully ornamented. And I saw the two beautiful large rooms, and all the costly things in the house everywhere, and also the great bed in which fifty men might lie ; and I have also seen the big stone which fell in a thunderstorm in a field. Also I have seen the thing which has been brought to the King from the new Golden Land (Mexico), a sun of gold a fathom broad, and a silver moon just as big. Likewise, two rooms full of armor; likewise, all kinds of arms, harness, and wonderful mis siles, very strange clothing, bedgear, and all kind of the most wonderful things for man's use, that are as beautiful to behold as they are wonderful. These things are all so costly that they have been valued at 100,000 gulden. And I nave never in all the days of my life seen anything that has so much rejoiced my heart as these things. For I have seen among them wonderfully artistic things, and I have wondered at the subtle talents of men In foreign lands.' i muse mane one more quo tation from bis journal, which describes a brilliant scene :— ' I saw a great procession from Our Lady's Church at Antwerp, when the whole town was assembled, artisans and people of every rank, everyone dressed ia the most costly manner, according to his station. Every class and every guild had its badge, by which it might be recognised ; large and costly tapers were also borne by some of them. There were also long silver trumpets of the old Frankfah fashion. Then were also many German pipers and drummers, who piped and drammed their loudest. Also I saw in the street, marching in a line in regular order, with certain distances between the goldsmiths, painters, stone masone, embroiderers, sculptors, joiners, carpenters, sailors, fishmongers, and all kinds of artisans who are useful in producing the necessaries of life. In the same way there were the shopkeepers and merchants, and their clerks. After these came the marks men, with firelocks, bows, and crossbows ; some on horseback and some on foot. After that came the City Guards, and at last a mighty and beautiful throng of different nations and religious orders, supsrbly cos tumed, and each distinguished from the other veiy piously. I remarked in this procession a troop of ' widows who lived by their labor. They all had white linen cloths covering their heads, and reaching down to their feet, very seemly to behold. Behind them I saw many brave persons, and the canons of Our Lady's Church, with all the clergy and bursars. They were brought along many waggons, with moving ships, and other things. Then followed the Prophets, all in order ; the New Testament, showing the Saluatation of the Angel; the three Holy Kings on their camels, andother rare wonders very beautifully arranged. At the last came a great dragon, led by St. Margaret and her maidens, who were very pretty; also St. George, with his squire, a very handsome Courlknder ! Also a great many boys and girls, dressed in the most costly and orna mental manner, according to the fashion of different countries, rode in the troop, and re* presented as many saints. This procession trcm beginning to end was mors than two hours passing by our home ; and there were so many things that I could never write them all down, even in a book, and so I leave it alone.' It is very curious to note how much the grand processions of two hundred and fifty years ago in Antwerp r* gambled tho3e we see now on great occasions there. Durer went to Aix-la-Chapelle and wit nessed the coronation of the Emperor Charles V., and saw all the relios and the woaderg of this capital of Charlemagne. He next visited Cologne, and at last, in November, he suc ceeded in attaining the object for which first of all he had made his journey, which was the confirmation by the Emperor of tho pen sion which Maximilian had granted him and his appointment as court painter. He re turned to Antwerp and made several other excursions, one of which was to Zealand, a province of Holland bordering on the North ties, to see a whale wh'ch had been stranded on the coast; but before Durer reached the plsce the tide had carried the huge creature to sea again. Aud so the journal continues to give acsouuts of sightseeings and plpasurings, interrupted at times by some work at his profession. He also records his expenses, the gifts, too, which he made aDd those he received, until finally he returned to Nuremburg late in the year 1521\. Two very famous men had died, while be waB travelling, Martin Luther and Raphael. Durer tried hard to got some draw ings by the great artist, and we do not know whether or not he succeeded. The notes in his journal at the time of Luther's death are very interesting, and prove that he had much sympathy with Protestants, although it is oeueyea mat ne remainea a i&oman; uatnouc all his life. He wrote :— 'He was a man en lightened by the Holy Ghost, and a follower of the true Christian faith. He has suffered much, for Christ's sake, and because he has rebuked the unchristian papacy which strives against the freedom of Christ with its heavy burdens of human laws. Never were auy people so horribly burdened with ordinances as us poor people by the Romish see. O God, is Luther dead ? Who will henceforth explain to us so clearly the Holy Gospel ? O all pious Christian men, bewail with me this Gad inspired man, and pray God to send us another enlightened teacher.' When Durer reached home he found that a great religious change had occurred there, and during the rest of his life he made no more pictures of the Virgin Mary; be made two engravings of St. Christopher bearing the child Jesus safely through the floods, as symbols of his belief that faithful men would carry true KjurisybUMikvy uuuugu -tii uuuuxca nuu urxug it out triumphant at last. Nuremburg was the first free imperial city of the empire that declared itself Protestant; Durer's friend, Pirkheimcr, was one of those whom the Pope excommunicated. It is most fortunate that the chaDge of religion in this grand old town was made so quietly and moderately that there was eo destruction of the churches or of the art treasures, in which it was so rich. Many of them remain there to this day. Durer had contracted a disease in Zealand, which seems to have been a sort of low fever ; it under mined his health, and never left him for the rest of his life, and on account of this he did much less work than ever before. He paid much attention to the publishing of his writings, and made a few portraits and the grand pictures of the Apostles which I have described to you. One of the results of his foreign tour afforded much entertainment to his friends and to the scholars of Nurem burg; he had brought home a remark able collection of curiosities— all sorts of rare things from various parts of Europe, India, ana even from America. He also gave to his friends many presents that he had brought for them ; and his return, with his commission as court-painter, and an enormous amount of curious luggage, made him a person of much consequence in the Fianconian capital. Charles V. spent very little time in Nuremburg, and prajtieally required small service from Durer. It was not until after Durer'd death that the Em peror became so fond of having his portrait painted, and then Titian held the posi tion which bad been made vacant by Durer's decease. Durer did not become rich, and an extract from a letter which he wrote to the Council of Nurem burg, in 1524, has a sad feeling in it. After explaining that he had laid by one thousand norms, wnicn he wished the council to take and pay him a comfortable rate of interest, he says :— 'Your wisdoms know that I have always been obedient, willing, and diligent in all things done for jour wisdoms and for the common state, and for other persons of the Bath (council), and that the state has alwojs had my help, art, and work, when ever they were needed, and that without pay ment rather than for money ; for I can write with truth that, during the thirty years I have had a house in this town, I have not had five hundred goldens' worth of work from it, and what I have had has been poor and mean, and I have not gained the fifth part for it that it was worth ; but all that I have have earned, which God knows has only been by hard toil, has been from princes, lords, and other foreign persons. Also, I have expended all my earnings from foreigners in this town. Also, your honors doubtless know that, on account of the many works I had done for him, the late Emperor Maxi milian, of praiseworthy memory, out of his own imperial liberality, granted me an exemption from the rates and taxes of this town, which, however, I voluntarily gave up, when I was spoken to about it by the Elders of the Bath, in order to show honor to my lords, and to maintain their favor and up bold their customs and justice. Nineteen years ago the Doge of Venice wrote to me offering me 200 ducats a year if I would live in that city. More lately the Bath of Ant werp, while I remained in the Low Countries, also made me an offer, 300 florins of Phillippe a year and a fair mansion to live in. In both plaees all that I did for the Government would have been paid over and above the pension. All of which, out of my love for my honorable and wise lords, for this town, and for my fatherland, I refused, and chose rather to live simply, near your wisdoms, than to be rich and great in any other place. It is, therefore, my dutiful request to your lordships, that you will take all these things into your favorable consideration, and accept tnese tnousana norms, ana grant me a yearly interest upoa them of fifty florins, so that I and my wife, who are daily growing old, weak, and incapable, may have a moderate provision against want. And I will ever do my utmost to deserve your noble wisdoms' favor and approbation, as heretofore.' The council granted his request ; but after hi* death they reduced the interest to forty florins a year, although in 1526 Durer had presented to them his splendid panels of the Apostles. This meanness in money matters toward the great artist almost reconciles us to the fact that these pictures were taken away to Munich. Durer died suddenly at last, on the 6th of April, 1528, exactly eight years from the day on which Baphael had died. He was buried in the churchyard of St. John, beyond the walls, in the lot of his father-in-law, Hans Frey. This churchyard is of great interest; the aristocrats of Nuremburg have been buried there during many years. It has thirty-five hundred grave- stones, all of which are num bered : and nearlvall are decomtari with nn&fa.; of-arms and such devices as show the impor tance of those buried here. Durer's monument bears this simple inscription, written by his friend Pirkheimer : — ' Me. Al. Du. Qoicquid Alberti Dureri Mortale Fait, snb hoc oon diturtumulo. BmigravitVIIL IdusAprilis MDXXVHL A.D.* Which may be bans latcd :— ' In memory of Albert Durer. What ever was mortal of Albert Dorer is laid under this stone. He departed the eight day before the Ides of April, in the year of our lord 1528.' It is said that Baphael, when he had studied Durer's engravings, exclaimed, ' Of a truth this man would have surpassed us all if he had had the masterpieces of art con stantly before bis eyes as we have.' And John Andreas wrote of him-.— 'It is very surprising, in regard to that man, that in a rude and barbarous age he was the first of the Germans who not only arrived at an exact imitation of nature, but has likewise lef c no second; being so absolutely a master of it in all its parts, in etching, eDgravingrstatoary, archi tecture, optics, symmetry, and the rest— that be bad no equal jexcept Michael Angelo Buonarotti, his contemporary and rival ; and he left behind him such works as were too much for the life of one man.' On Easter Sunday in 1828, three hundred years after his death, there was a tribute paid to his memory, and a great procession of artists and scholars from all parts of Germany was formed in Nuremburg, and moved out to the churchyard of St. John, where they sang such hymns above the grave of the artist as he loved to hear in his life. There can be nothing more appropriate with which to close our study of Albert Durer than the poem of our own poet, Longfellow : In the valley of the Pegnitz, where across broad meadow-lands Rise the bine Franconian mountains, Nuremburg, the ancient, stands. Quaint old town of toil and traffic, quaint old town of art and song, Memories haunt thy pointed gables, like the rooks that round them thiong : Memories of the middle ages, when the emperors, rough and bold. Had their dwelling in thy castle, time-defying, cen turies old ; And thy brave and thrifty burghera boasted, in their uncouth rhyme. That their great Imperial city stretched its hand through every clime. In the courtyard ol the castle, bound with many an iron band, Stands the mighty linden planted by Queen Cunigunde'a band ; On the square the oriel window, where in old heroic dajs Sat the poet Melcaior singing Kii-mr MiximUuu'd praise. Everywhere I see around me rise tbe wondrous world of Ait ; Fountains wrought with richest icnJplu-e standing in the common mart; And above cathedral doorways Eain's and bishops carved in stone, By a former age commissioned as aoosi.'es to our own. In the church of sainted Sebald sleeps enshrined his holy dust, And in bronze the Twelve Apostles guard from age to age their tinst: In the church of sainted Lawrence stands a pis of sculpture rare, Like the foamy sheaf of fountains rising through tbe painted air. Here, when Art was still religion, with a simple reverent heart, Lived and labored Albrecht Durer, the Evangelist of Art -, Hence in silence and in sorrow, toiling still with busy hand, Like an enigrant he wandered, seeMng for the Better Hand. Emigravit is the imcription on the tombstone where he lies; Dead he is not. but departed — for the artist never dies. 