ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) Honourable members of thp Victorian Legislative Assembly are evidently firm believers in tho promiso that 'to him who ;hath shall bo given,' although they appear most unwilling to accept tho dictum that 'from him who hath not, oven that which he hath shall be taken away.' Tho Bail way Bill has proved itself a veritable ap^ilo nf fJinnnrrt. n.Tiri. n.Hlirmp*h Mr. Gillies trumpod Mr. Bent's best card by including 15 more miles of railway than promised by his predecessor, he has managed to create' a large amount of discontent. The ex tensions to lines included in the Railway Bill Of 1882 are accepted by' the repre sentatives of the fortunate constituencies to be benefited as a matter of course, while the excision of some of the iron ways which 'led from nowhero to the stump of an old tree' has provokod the marked hostility of the disappointed .ones. Of thnse, the number was so considerable that Mr.. Service has already shown signs of. giving way, and it is more than probable that the 242 miles which figured in Mr. Bent's bill will once more bo restored to the pride of place thoy do not at present occupy in the measure introduced by Mr. Gillies) and that the contemplated loan of four millions will be swelled to five, and the clouds that now lower o'er the Ministerial benches be once more buried in the ocean of 'unanimity. Tho Government; above all things, are desirous of ; a long and undis .turbed existence. For tho Premier and his ?colleagues desire a life of 'beer and skittles,' evidently realising to tho full the pleasure of being members of an adminis tration 'without any opposition to speak of/' and vastly preferring it to the con tinued struggle which, in weak Ministries, renders the possessor of a portfolio a weary pilgrim in what Mrs. Gamp has styled this 'wale of tears.' Perhaps Mr. Service has been reading Herbert jSpencer, and, with that philosophor, is of opinion that thelives of Ministries, as well as those of indi viduals, are but 'the continuous adjust ment of minor and outer relations.' Any way, the head of tho Government .is an adept at conciliation and compromise, and giving way. when ho finds resistance impoli tic, and it may therefore be anticipated, wim Vk wierauie umuuiib ui curtumijy, luuu before the debate on the Railway . Bill is brought to a conclusion the announcement will have been made that, in deference to the' generally expressed desire of the '-House; the extra amount required to please all and send none empty away will be extracted from the mother country in the shape of a further loan. . A feat which, at one time, appeared. : im possible, has at length been accomplished. A Mining on Private ' Property : ? Bill, initiated in the Council, has-been passed by the Assombly, and, with a few unimportant amendments, which, it is understood, will not be insisted upon by. '.'. the popular Chamber,' if found distasteful ito the Upper House, returned to its authors. Mr. Levien, the Minister of Mines, may fairly be con gratulated on having piloted' through a measure whioh 16 of his predecessors failed to bring into port. , . .. .-..' ;: : The Upper House has again devoted a considerable! part of its time to the Legal Professions Amalgamation Bill, and has now, irrespective ' of the evidence i obr tained in the Chamber, been, placed in possession of the opinion of -the Chief, Justice, Sir William Stawell, and - of the judges of the colonies where the distinction -etween the barrister and solicitor has been abrogated. The witnesses all coincide in deprecating the proposed change. It has neither cheapened the law nor. raised the professional status of 'the devil's own.' , If the members of the Council have not arrived at a foreign conclusion, and if they , attach any : weight to the testimony adduced, the fate of the bill should not bej uncertain. It will be rejected, by a large' ? majority.', ??.--.? ? ?' ;-?;.-'?.? .. ,. .; ;.'. j The sanity of Hamlet, .or the fltnods of that, melancholy,; prince ; to 'become-, -the inmate of a lunatic asylum, is a. question' which, after a lengthened debate, and the expenditure of gallons of ink, still remains .undecided. Nor can this be much a matter for wonder, when we note in our own times such a wide divergence of opinion respect ing the state of mind of individuals whom we have the opportunity of seeing in the flesh, as exists between the medical gentle men examined on behalf of the deputy master of tho Melbourne Mint, Mr. Vernon Delves- Broughton. Three doctors, who had carefully examined tho patient, and other witnesses who had frequent oppor tunities of conversing with him, swore that he was perfectly rational. :A number of other equally respectable persons* un hesitatingly stated that he was entirely unfit to be at large. That the weight of evidence was in favour of tho latter hy-; pothesisis shown by the fact that after the examination of Mr. Delves-Broughton, and the perusal of a number of letters written by the unfortunate gentleman while at the Cremorno institution, the pro ceedings, under the writ of habeas, taken out by the patient to obtain his release, were abruptly terminated, and Mr. Har court's lodger once more relegated to his care. In this case it is not too much learn ing, but too much hunting, that has made Mr. Broughton mad; The fortnightly appearance of the Scots' Church Bill took place in the Assembly on Wednesday, when Mr. Mirams' occupied the entire time allotted to the question in delivering a speech in opposition to tho measure. The tactics of the' opponents of the bill are now patent to everyone. Thoy intend to ' talk it out,' and thus prevent any division being taken, or any formal decision arrived at. Whatever the result of tho effort to dissever themselves from the Presbyterian body may now bo, is now, in view of the latest development of tho matter,- of very . little importance to the .dissatisfied congregation. Mr. Strong has himself cut'the Gordian knot by returning to Melbourne, whore he is to arriyo during the course of next month. He is not to receive a formal 'call,' but- will be able to occupy his old pulpit whenever so dis posed without subjecting himself in any way to tho diotation or control of the ?general Presbytprian Assembly. The ' engineers' of the opposition to the reverend gentleman are undoubtedly 'hoist by their own petard.' What the upshot of the business will be it is difficult 'to foresee. The fat will certainly be in, the fire when tho bete noire of Messrs. Rentbul and M'Ecacbren makes his reappearance, and the controversy be yet further em bittered. Yet the quarrel, even as it now stands, is ' a very pretty one.' '?'? The incompetoncy of the Railway Com missioners has for some time past been Icbmmented upon outside the walls of Par liament. The principal duty of these gen tlemen appears to be to rush, ' special' about the country under ,the plea of 'in- specting the lines,' to draw their handsome salary, and to persistently ignore the com iplaints of the public, who for their sins are compelled to use the Victorian lines as' their means of locomotion. Although, they deal as largely in promises as if they were Ministers of the Crown, the carriages arc stall as dirty, as draughty, and as ill-lit as they were ten years ago. None of the im provements that wore to take place under a non-political regime are yet noticeable by the travelling public. , Even the duties impssed upon them! by the act which called' them into existence haye.been neglected,. and the returns and estimates which they should have submitted to, the Assembly have not been furnished. It is to be hoped the notice of this omission by members of the Legislature will have the effect of bringing Messrs. Speight, Agg; and' Ford ; to a sense of their responsibilities. The' management of the State railways in .the days of Messrs. Patterson, Woods, and Bent was the reverse of perfect; but so far under the present-system wo are real ising the entire possibility of the perform ance of the operation proverbially known as ' falling but of .. the fryingpan into the fire.' ..''?'' . ' .; Sydney Smith has told us that . 'the worst use 'you can put a man to is to. hang him.' The wisdom of this saying has been ^tnmin ?! I mm 1 j\ UiAW VUUV VI U11U ? ? 'Yl 1 *H' 'T'l'J a Frenchman; who was some three months ago executed; ait Doniliquin for the murder of a compatriot.:' Grave doubts of the guilt of the condemned man existed prior to his execution, and these have of. late .'been revived by j a rumoured confession by the real perpetrators of the deed— a man named Stephenson and ?: his wife, who were rthe principal witnesses for the'Crowir at the trial.- The New South Wales police stren uously deny that Cordini was judicially murdered, and doubtless at their instiga tion the confession has been retracted, and the journals .that published it threatened with actions for libel. But the general belief is widespread that the unlucky foreigner was innocent, and it will require more than the denial of tho authorities to convince the public that the wrong 'niari was not 'done to death' for ths murder of the hawker Mizon. . -, ? , ,..: . .. The torpedo-boat Chjlders, that recently ran aground when1 on a trip '-from Williamstown to Geelong, has been docked and repaired at a total '. cost of ' i£46. Whether any1' official enquiry by the nayal authorities is to take place has not ; yet been decided, ; and will .depend upon the report furnished by Captain Payne and Lieutenant *Scott, who have been- consti tuted a 'preliminary board' to 'as certain ? whether' there is ' any evidence of neglect on the part of the officer in command of the vesBel when: the mishap occurred to warrant a Court-Martial;. . . -Theloyaltyipf the colony is being put to a severe strain by. the Colonial Office,, and there is a general.' impression . that in regard to the annexation, question Austra-i lasia has been; 'fooled.': There are ( not wanting signs land portents that' !/the patience of Victoria is well nigh exhausted. Mr. Murray-Smith's action in informing, Lord Derby ', that he should advise thej colony he represented not to pay the pro portion of the .£15,000 promised contin-i gently on the establishment of 'a prb-j tectorate over New- Guinea and the, adjacent islands has been cordially, approved of here. And the people are beginning to ask Ministers whether,- now, that wo have fine sea-going war vessels of pur own, we should not adopt some decisive means of showing the mother country we' are in earnest, and take the question of annexation out of her hands. The metropolitan morning jpurnal with' the largest circulation has fairly sounded the note of war. 'Let Mr. Service,' it Bays in a leading article, ' try what can be done by Victoria alone, or by Victoria and Queensland together, and let us have no: more diffuse letter writing to Premiers and Agents-General. What is wanted iB an emphatic addresB from one or two Parlia ments to the Crown ; such an address as cannot be suppressed, and as the people of England will read. When that has been1 tried and failed, we may consider what there remains to be done.' And if the| present feeling is intensified, the course to be taken by Victoria has already been: decided upon. . \ ! The neat approach of .the great, racing carnival of the year has caused the managers of the various theatres to use their best efforts to please their anticipated visitors. The Theatro Royal will be the scono of a revival of some of the gems of old English comedy Buch as ' The Rivals,' tho 'School for Scandal,' tho 'Poor Gentleman,' the 'Heir at Law,' and ' Speed the Plough,' in which the veteran Hoskins, who has strutted the Btago for upwards of half a .century, is to take a final adieu of tho stage. The Princess is to re-open on the 25th with English comic opera, and at the Opera House the long promised 'In the Ranks' is to be pro duced. At the ? Bijou ',' Fun on the Bristol' is found so attractive that it .will be retained on the boards during the holidays. 7 October 18^ ' \\-;r':r \' : ' .- - ? '' — i- — -— — ik_ ? ___u '** ? ? ? ? '? 