THE CAULFIELD RACE MEETING. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, October 12. The Caulfield Spring Meeting, under the auspices of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club, was commenced on Saturday. It had been raining all through the week, and on the morn- ing of the races light showers continued to fall until a late hour, and fears were entertained that a postponement would be found to be necessary. However, towards noon the sky brightened over bead, and just allowed time for visitors to reach the course, when the rain came down again in torrents, ana most of the races were run in pelting rain. The following were the results of the various events:— Maiden Plats. Norfolk. Bst 81b. 1 Duration, Bst 51b 2 Vasco, 7st. 71b 3 The other starters were Capri, Carbuncle, Queen Bess, Polestar, Conjecture, Vernet, The Bey, Dargo, Hawthorne, Metal, Mozart, Peutctre, and Cultee. Betting : 7 to 4 on The Bey, 5 to 1 against Capri, 6 to 1 Norfolk, 7 to 1 Conjecture. This was a great race. Won by half a neck, Vasco being a goad third. Time, lmin. 49sec First Hordlb Race. Sinking Fund. ftrt. 31b. 1 Yately. list 3lb 2 TantaUsor, Set 81b 3 The other starters were Belle Brandon, West Coast, Scobeloff, Tell Tale, Tattler, Concord, Dawdler, Western, Spartan, Star, and Canute. Betting: 6t04 against Yately, 3 to 1 Tau taliser, 6to 1 Scobeloff, 7 to 1 Star. Sinking Fund won by a length. Time, 3min. laec. Great Foal Stakes. Ringmaster 1 Ocista 2 Umbra 3 The other starters were Merry Christmas, Gasbumer, Narrowcn, First Pnnrc, Sauvifc non, Lady Adelaide, Carow. and Phaeon. Betting : 3to 1 against Hingnjastor, 5 to 1 Pheon and Umbra. G to 1 First Prince. Ocista looked the winner 100 yards from borne, but Riupmasfcor ds>hin£ np in the centre of the course beat her cleverly by a length and a-half. Umbra finished on, Ocuta's girths. Time, 55} sec. Caulfibld Guinkas. , Sandal * Gratitude | Helena s The following horses also Btarted :—Rebus, y Merrimu, Rufus, David, Leporello, Tremando, Sirocco, Pilot, and Bohemian. Betting: 3 to 1 against Rufus and Helene, 7 to 1 Gratitude and Tremando, 8 to 1 Mer rimu and Sirocco. After an indifferent start the first to move were Rebus, Gratitude, and Sandal. As soon M they were settled down Gratitude took up the running, and let along the back of the course by two lengths, followed by Sandal and Sirocco, the others being 'n a cluster and Treraando last. Helene th.'ti ran up third, and Sandal gradually drew up to tho leader, and led into the straight by half-a-length from Gratitude, with Helene three lengths away, and the others in diffi culties. Once fairly in the straight the result wps never in doubt, for Sandal held her own and won cleverly by a length from Gratitude, Helene being three lengths away third, Sirocco a bad fourth, followed by David, Rufus, Bohemian, Merrimu, and Tremando. Time loan. SOJsec. FINDON HARBITOtS' GOLD VASK. Chloftain, list. 121b 1 Abdallnh. lOst. 121b. » Tho Clown, list 91b 8, The other starters were Barcoo, Syphon, Yankee Grab, Peeping Tom, Antelope, Emily, Marquis, Banyenong, Lord of the Forest, Redonbt, Terror, Mormon, Our Boys, Sky Rocket, Random, Pilot, Sprightly, Beresford, Findon, The Laird, Chester, Sir Robert, and Canoe Betting: 4 to 1 against Chieftain, 5 to 1 Abdallah, 6 to 1 Yankee Grab and Barcoo. By the time they had reached the last fenoe all except about half a-dozen had either fallen or refused the hurdles. Chieftain beat Ab> dallah in the run home by three or four lengths. Time, smin. SGsec Toorak Handicap. Precious Stone, 7st. 21b 1 Meteor, 7st 101b S Prodigal, 7st. 51b. » .. S Other starters were—Rapid, Kapler, Don Quixote, Irralea. Ooriolanus, Little Sitter, The Andos, The Ghost, Countryman, Lesbia, Muscat, Josephine, Ironhand, Xantippe, Permit, and Acolyte. Betting: 3to 2 against Meteor, Sto 1 Pre cious Stone. oto 1 Don Quixote. Won by two lengths. Time, 1 mm. 51 sec. 