%-tR LiONDON... LETTER.I .....-. (FvOaOr 005 OWN CORRES5OND5NWT) ?., • ,:. LONDON, Sept. 9. A new phaseoof warfare, which is calcu lated to-strike a serious[blow at the very foundations.of international confidence, has been initiated by the Ferry Cabinet. TWeeks ago, Admiral Courbet, under the cloud of amity,. steamed up the River Iin and anchored before the great Chinese Arsenal. To do this, of course he passed the forts, which had thenno power to prevent him; and there the Admiral remained until he received instructions to take possession of the arsenal, which was practically un guarded, for the forts are so built that they cannot' fire up-stream. They therefore presented a defenceless flank, and fell an easy prey to the French, through what is very generally dubbed a mostdiscreditable manoeuvre. China still bides her time; and the task of bringing her upon, her knees does not appear to be a very- easyone. Si?e is likely, for some time, to persevere in a "policy of masterly inactivity." Before you receiveT:this, the.French probably will have occupied Formosa and Hainan. The " squadron of tlie Far East" is now cruising in search of Chinese ssips of war. It must not be supposed that England has only one general. The VWolseyite "ring" is a powerful one, and no peace could be obtained until the leader of the Red River expedition lhad been appointed chief of the expedition to Khartoum. Of course, the ring was disinterested, and did not expect posts iundor the leader they had again so successfully pushed to the front. However, Lord WVolseley is, not only sa perfectly competent mean, but he hals tlihe additional merit of being both huicky arld successful. There are other genesals w~no cannot be forgotten, and whose expenrienc should have entitled them to a place among the leaders of the rescue party. There is General Graham, of Eastern Soudan fame,.Sir Donald Stoewart and Sir Frederick Roberts, whose achievements in Afghanistan will not be forgotten. Then there is Sir Evelyh Wood and General Earle. The "only general" left London the last day of August en ro~lt?e for Egypt,with Lord Northbrook; they: were met atk:DovePr by the steamer Wave and coni?yod to Calais. Before this letter reaches Tasmania cablegrams will have advised you of their reception in Egypt. It is not thought that Lord Northbrook's missiotl as Iigh Coui missioner will last very long. He was met at Trieste liy Sir Evelyn ]Iarislg, who is otn' his way to Cairo to resun'io his former duties. "General" Valentine Baker,too,is among [Lord Wolseley's;staff. We shall hear more of this little episode, a delicate mnorsel for the society papers, and out of which they will, of course, make capital. Among the officers specially selected for the Nile expedition are the Earl odf Hirlie; Captain Lord Charles Beresford, Colonel Maurice, Colonel Sir Edward Stewart, Colonel Harrison and M'r. Hrerber, London daily swallows its victims yearly its thousands. The immediate cause is actual starvation, but newspaper reports say theydis of natural causes. There are thousands upon thousands in London alone who would gladly make their way to Tas mania could they be got hold of; and it is sad to see them starving in badly venti lated and filthy dwellings.when there are means, within easy reach, of being sent to some of the fairest parts of God's earth. I have had considerable experience with settlers invarious parts of the world, but I have not met a single person who speaks ill of any pert of Anustralasia as a field for labour. Soule there rd who return from the colonies disappointed, bieit they are either weak minded men who jo there under the impression that money is to be picked up in the tireets, or men who are physically incapable of onddling the rough experiences of coloniel life. Ydu don't want men like that. The colonies want men of good physique, enterprisingand thoroughly embued with the spirit of self-reliance; those are the sort of men for whom pro gress andsuccess are inevitable. Let them throw off old country prejudices and pro claim their manhood. Water will find its level, and in a very few years the men of pluck, endurance, and ability become the deserved pets of colonial society. It is impossible now a days to pick up a London newspaper without lighting upon an account of a brutal murder, a savage assault, or an .encounter with desperate burglars. The Mansion House and Bow street vie with Marlborough-street acid Marylebone in specimens of rough and un scrupulous humanity, wheich daily flit a brief space upon the stage and than dis appear to oakum and the cells for various periods. There are thousands of the chova lier d' indsstrie class in London, men whose motto is " God help.those who help them selves." A friend of mine had an un pleasant experience of these gentlemen a few days ago. He went to Windsor, and like the man who went down to Jericho,fell among thieves. He was initiated into tie mysteries of " three- card meonetee," and came home a wiser and apoorer man. He looks' thoughtful now " Theo' losses and crosses Are lessons right severe, There's wit there, you'll gel there, You'll get no other where." -When every one is out of town and theatres are gasping for life, it becomes timeoto'mako a will, hang your harp on a willow tree, and seek relief by plunging into the wild exciteiment of a day at the British Museum. There you may revel in luxurious 'and gratifying complacenoy among a crowd of antediluvian and nearly fossilised old females, or ramble playfully by their sides through the inammalia saloons. You may look intelligent in the Kouyunjie gallery; and grave in the sepul chral seetion of the Egyptian divisions. Byway of varying the excitement you can take a cup of tea and visit the beasts, reptiles, and insects. Thenyou can dis port yourself among the crustaceotis, molb luscous, and radiated (there is nio extra chargo) animals. If you are an old fogy you must talk of the Cottonian and Har lenian collections of manuscripts, and the Hamilton or Tovnley antiquities. Should you stray into that awful building with a young lady, you have to talk of Elgin mar bles, statues of Phidias,'Bulwer Lytton, and tie ghost of Sir Hans Sloane. The same old round of crime is going on, and the Police Courts-the Old Bailey and Middlesex Sessions-daily bring down the sword of justice heavily upon the culprits. Gay Lotharios of seventy are still ear wigged by the Bench. Post-ofido sorters are still caught'stealing lbtters containing jewelry, and shopmen are still sublimely indifferent to the difference exciting be tnween meces and tuLune. Then there are the usual number of people who borrow other people's goods for an indefinite period, or steal, as they say, ingenuously endough, "for fun." There are thousands of juvenile Dick Turpins in training for the Newgate Fruit Tree, three-card monte, and other sharpers, aggravated assault eases, swindles, confidence trick inen, "drunks," disputes about cab fares, street Arabs who have "no regular father or mother, please sir," and a whole host of cases of every shade and variety. For tittle-tattle and- sensational lies 'London is simply a village on a very large scale, and it is a very general mistake to suppose that you may do as you like here without being observed and criticised. From my point of view it is a more piece of sentimental folly to talk of the loneli ness of great cities, but it has been' said so often that lpcople repeat the phrase with out refleooting that it is on the face of it absurd. There are precisely thle same opportunities here as elsewhere for sin and scandal, for amusements of any kind, for forming friendships and making enemies, or transacting business, all'multiplied about ten thousand times. In this great city, if you desire to be alone, you will find· 'in your daily communications with the outer world, if it be only with a maid servant, -quite as much curiosity arid inquisitiveness as in the wife of a country village butbhor; and such matters as are discovered and surmised concerning: you will probably be retailed to a thousand times as' many people as' -a good-sized village would 'hold, only your isolation prevenits your being edified with them. London .is composed of thousands of vellages put together. A mandare not do in his ot-n circle or district anythisig he wishes to remain hidden; and if he go a mile or two away he is pretty sure to be found out. (To bIe constinitel.) There are about 1000 cheese factories in Canada, turning out an annual product of 58,000,0001b. 