THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, OCT. 21, 1884 IF the great scientific event of the meet- ing of the British Association at Montreal was the announcement of the discovery that monothemes (the platypus and ehni dus) are viviparous, the mind is not much loss impressed by the wonderful fact that the Association was able to meet in Carada at all. This marvellous result of modern science and mechanical skill was dwelt upon at some length by Sir FREDERICK BRAMWELL, who read the paper on Mechanics, which he described as the youngest of the scientific family. He called attention to the fact that when the Association first met at York in 1831 the members reached that City amid some little difficulty by means of the stage- coaches of the day, the Stockton and Darlington, with a few other short lines, being the only railways then in existence. At that date there were not more than 447 steamboats registered in the United Kingdom, and no one believed that they could ever be made available for long sea voyages. In fact, it was somewhere about that date that Dr. LARDNER made his celebrated mathematical calculation, in which he demonstrated, to his own entire satisfaction, that a steamer could not possibly cross the Atlantic, which demon- stration waa promptly converted into more waste-paper by the success of the voyages of the Sirius and the Great Western to and from America. Sir FREDERICK BRAMWELL remarked, that "if under this condition of things the proposition had been made in 1832 at Oxford, as it was made in 1883 at South- ampton, that the next meeting but one of the Association should take place in Montreal, the ex- treme probability is that the proposer would have been safely lodged in a lunatic asylum, for suggesting that that which might have involved a six weeks' voyage out and a four weeks' voyage back should be seriously entertained." But, as the means of locomotion now exist, the de- liberations of the General Committee, when the proposal was made, were not di- rected to the consideration as to whether it would be possible to convey the Mem- bers to Canada and back, but as to whether it would be desirable to hold a meeting outside the United Kingdom. Space had been, in fact, practically annihilated. The obstacles that stood in the way of the assembling of a number of persons connected with a scientific association in a city situate thousands of miles from Great Britain had been completely overcome in the course of the 60 years which had elapsed between the two periods, and thus, a change became possible which must be classed amongst the marvels of the time. Indeed, if we wish to talk about the wonders of the world, we must not now look for them in material struc- tures like the Pyramids, or even the monstrous, colossal figure of Liberty, which is now in course of erection at New York, but in the every-day feats of the locomotive, the ocean-going steamers, the telegraph, the telephone, and the many fairy tales of science, and the long results of time. It is not 59 years ago since it was declared that the safety of India de- pended upon having at least fortnightly communication with that portion of the Empire, and now news of what is going on is daily flashed along the telegraphic wires, and there is practically hourly in- telligence of all important events. Sir F. BRAMWELL said :-"I say again that the possibility of such a 'meeting is abso- lutely due to the engineer," which is, un- doubtedly true ; but it must not be forgot- ten that all scientific enquiries, which are now moreactive than ever they were be- fore, tend to help each other, and it is often difficult to determine at what point one branch ends and another begins. What is more, it is not possible to say how far social and political ends are served by the developments of science and the practical application of discoveries made in the closet, by which obstacles are re- moved out of the way of the reformer, and distant countries are united more closely than the separate parts of one Country were a few hundred years ago. When BURKE delivered one of his brilliant and yet solid speeches in the House of Commons on what were then called " the Troubles in America," he la- mented that it was not possible to secure the due representation of those Colonies in the House. " But," said he, in solemn accent and deep organ tone, "natura opposuit." We hold that it was not then possible, never could be possible in the circumstances, to unite the Colonies to the parent Country by any kind of representation, as they were cut off by wide stretches of stormy sea, over which the voyage was often dan- gerous, and the length always doubtful. Since then, barely a hundred years ago, the voyage to Australia has been made more a matter of certainty as to time than that to America used to be, and there cannot be a doubt that before long these Colonies will be almost as easily within reach of London as the Highlands of Scot- land used to be at one time. In one re- spect they are already far more so. The telegraph has brought the other side of the world closer to the seat of Imperial Government than many parts of the United Kingdom were a hundred years ago, whilst we may safely say that what is, forms but a very slight portion of what will be. As Professor TYNDALL has said, " fact originated thought, and thought originated fact," and the bounds of the developments of each are practically illimi- table. As yet, however, we have not grasped the full significance of the new development. We are like a man who has freed one or more of his limbs from thraldom, but who is held fast by the others, and who has not conceived it possible that he can be entirely free. "Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers." We learn day by day the wonders that are to be achieved in material progress, but we hesitate to apply them to our social and political life. In regard to this it is held that we must stand on the old ways. Our cities in no way correspond in sanitary condi- tion or convenience to what we know to bo right and possible, nor do our political developments keep pace with our know- ledge. We still insist that elections can only be conducted on a method invented to meet the difficulties of communication, and that we shall accept the dictum of the folly rather than the wisdom of the people. We hesitate to apply social and political discoveries, whereas the engineer who can save a ton of coals in the working of a steam-engine is regarded as a public benefactor, and gains his reward. In the matter of a consolidation and union of the Empire, to which natura opposuit no longer, we see a feebleness of action and a hesitancy on the part of so- called Liberals which is wonderful to be- hold, and which raises the enquiry whether it is absolutely necessary that moral should linger behind physical forces? "Rift the hills and roll the waters, flash the lightning, weigh the sun," cries the post of our time, but why should we not rift the evils around us asunder, and weigh the Government of the day, so that we may know its exact influence on the con- dition of the people ? There remains a social and moral world to discover and conquer. " Sever sound theory from sound practice," says Professor TYNDALL, "and both die of atrophy. The one becomes a ghost and the other becomes a corpse. " If this is true of physical things, how much more is it true of those things which make up the value of living, and without which life is scarcely worth having ! We gave yesterday some particulars of the quantity of land under cultivation, taken from the return prepared by the Government Statistician, and we now supplement this by a review of the gross produce of the various crops for the same period. It will be re- membered that we dealt with the decennial period extending from 1874-5 to 1883-4, and the result that we brought out was, that there had been a decline in the acreage de- voted to general crops, and a large increase in the acreage under permanent artificial grasses. This being the case, it will not be surprising, of course, to find that the gross yield of the general crops shows a decline, although there is an increase in the popula- tion, and the average produce is so much higher here than in Australia as to seem to warrant at least as much enterprise here as is shown there. However, the fact is, that between the years already named there was a decrease in the yield of wheat from 1,066,861 bushels to 732,718 bushels, or a decline of 333,000 bushels. This is a very serious falling-off, and may well cause us to enquire how the wheat-giowers in South Australia and Victoria, with their small averages and frequent droughts, are able to live at all when it is not thought possible to make an average of 18 bushels pay here. In oats and barley there is shown also a large decline. In 1874-5 the yields were as follow : - Barley, 125,469 bushels ; oats, 877,243 bushels. In 1883-4 the gross yields had fallen to :-Barley, 81,962 bushels; oats, 634,354 bushels. A comparison of the figures year by year shows that the decline has been, on the whole, a steady one, as if some uniform cause was in operation, although, of course, there have been differ- ences in the various years. In the other crops there are both decreases and increases, but the smaller crops show a decrease in almost every case. Still, the decrease is not generally very large. For example, 182 tons of onions were grown in 1874-5, and 172 in 1883-4, whilst in some of the intermediate years the total rose as high as 300 tons. Peas sbow an increase, and beans a decrease, and there was a falling off in the total quantity of carrots by one-half. The potato crop, how-over, is apparently an increasing one, notwithstanding the low average yield as compared with some of the more favoured places on the Continent. In the past year of the decade the total crop of potatoes was 26,169 tons, and in the last year it had risen to 34,509 tons. Whether it will be possible to increase this quantity much further we cannot say, but as enormous quantities of potatoes are sent overland to New South Wales from the Western district of Victoria, we should think that this Colony ought to be able to help to supply the same market. The crops of artificial grass seed and hay show, as might be ex- pected, a large increase ; but the hop crop is no larger in the last than in the first year of the period, although much more land was under cultivation. This appears to be due to thelast season having been a bad one. Apples show an increase in the ten years from 150,978 bushels to 207,999 bushels, but there is a slight falling off in the total quan- tity of pears if we take the two extremes of the poriod. CABLE NEWS.-Tho new Commodore for the Australian naval station does not leave England until the 4th December next. The Chinese claim that in the recent fighting with the French forces at Tamsui victory was on their side, although the French claimed to be successful. The inhabitants of Shanghai, frightened at the attack made by the French on Fooohow, and, fearing a similar oxperionce, are leaving the city in large numbors. Mr. H. A. Forbes, who has received a small subsidy from the Royal Geographical Society towards explora- tion of the South Eastern portion of New Guinea, starts on his expedition next month. Panama city Is said to be in a state of siege, but the message sent does not indicate the beligerants. Cholera is decreasing rapidly in France and Italy. India is to be repre- sented in the Colonial Exhibition to be held at South Kensington in 1886. INWARD P. AND 0. MAILS.-The follow- ing message was received at the Telegraph Office, from Melbourne, at 3 p.m. yester- day :-"R.M.S. Carthage arrived at Albany at 11 a.m." PARLIAMENT.-Both Houses of the Legis- lature will meet this afternoon at the usual hour. In the Council the third reading of the Settled Lands Bill will be taken, fol- lowed by the Constitution Amendment, Ho- bart Municipal Council Powers, Drawbacks, Rural Voting and Mining Companies (Foreign) Bills, in that order. In the Assembly, the second reading of the Roads Bill will be fol- lowed by the consideration of the Works Estimates in Supply. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.-The weekly meet- ing of the Executive Council was held yes- terday morning at Government House, His Excellency and all the members of the Min- istry being present. The usual departmental business was transacted, and the Royal assent was given by His Excellency the Governor to the following measures passed by Parliament :- Appointment of District Justices Bill, Protection of Patents Bill, Cattle Guards Bill, Sale of Meat Bill, Codlin Moth Bill, Diseased Animals Importation Bill, Rabbits Destruction Act Amendment Bill, Mrs. Meredith's Pension Bill. THE DIAMOND DRILL,-A deputation, con- sisting of the directors of the Tullochgorum mine, with Mr. James Grant, the owner of the Tullochgorum Estate, was to have been introduced to the Minister of Lands and Works yesterday afternoon by Mr. J G. Davies,M.H.A., but, owing to the indisposi- tion of Mr. Grant, it was postponed until 11.30 this morning. The object of the deputation is to ask Mr. Brown to send the diamond drill, at present at the Cascades, to bore for gold on the property referred to. DEPUTATION RE PROTESTANT STANDARD. The deputation appointed to wait upon the trustees of the Tasmanian Public Library, to request a reconsideration of the decision of that body, that the Protestant Standard should be excluded from the reading-room, on the ground that it contained certain articles of an indecent character, was re- ceived by the trustees yesterday. The deputation, which had, at the request of the library trustees, been limited to four mem- bers, comprised the Revs. Greenwood and McDowell, Alderman Hiddlestone, and Mr. T. Cane. After the deputation had placed their views before the board, the members were assured by the chairman (the Hon. J. W. Agnew, M.L.C.), that the deputation might rely upon their request receiving full consideration at the hands of the trustees, who had never regarded the question as being in any way a religious one, but as one which affected tho interests of the institution under their management. The chairman also impressed upon the deputation that the trustees had no wish to act in a partial man- ner with reference to tho introduction of religious newspapers, and the organs of the various denominations were allowed to be upon the reading-room tables. The trustees endeavoured to observe tho strictest neutrality in these matters, and would be prepared to consider a request that the Rock, a newspaper universally recognised as a strong Protestant journal, might be allowed to lie upon the reading-room table. The deputation then withdrew, and after deliberation, a resolution was adopted to the following effect by the trustees :-" That the trustees having carefully considered the arguments of the deputation re the Protestant Standard, do not see any sufficient reason for rescinding the resolution already arrived at." The trustees hope that the offer to receive a copy of the Rock for the reading-room, will give full satisfaction to the Protestant bodies, and be accepted as sufficiently indicative of the fact that, in ex- cluding the Protestant Standard, they have been actuated by anything but anti-protestant feelings. The decision is not quite satisfactory to the members of the deputation, as it does not, in their opinion, dispose of the charge made against the Protestant Standard. THE ELECTORAL ACT.-Claims to have names inserted on the electoral roll must be sent to the officers of the electoral districts of the colony on or before the 24th Novem- ber next. The usual notice as to form of ap- plication appears in our advertising columns, PROBATES.-Probates have been granted during the past week to the wills of the fol- lowing deceased persons :-James Hughes to Catherine Meeres, £150 ; Patrick McArdle to Mary McArdle and William Cleary, £ 185 ; Sanford William Wallbridge to Harriet Elizabeth Wallbridge, £965 ; David Pol- teney to Henry Edmund Poulteney, £340; Bernard McGough to James Peter McGough, £293. THE BEACONSFIELD BANK ROBBERY.-An application was made by Mr. Cecil Allport (Young, Walker, and Allport, instructed by Ritchie and Parker) to His Honor Judge Rogers in Chambers yesterday, on behalf of the defendants in the suit of G. J. H. Collins v. Evans and another, for 14 days' further time to plead. Mr. Noah (of Gill and Ball's office, instructed by Mr. Josiah Powell) appeared for the plaintiff. His Honor granted until 4 p.m. next day for the delivery of the plea without imposing any terms, plaintiff's costs to be costs in the case. A similar application was. made in the suit of R. Collins v. Evans and another, and an order made to the same effect. CITY POLICE COURT.-His Worship the Mayor and Alderman Crisp, J.P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday morning. John Meadows and John Coulson, for being drunk on Saturday, were each fined 5s., or seven days' imprisonment. John Wilson and James Bryant, for having been drunk and disorderly in Molle- street on Sunday, were each fined 10s. 6d., in default, 14 days' im- prisonment. Thomas Downs pleaded not guilty to a charge of obtaining one sovereign by false pretences from James Hogan, of Sandy Bay. The defendant elected to have the case tried by the Bench. James Hogan gave evidence to the effect that defendant had called on him, and told him that he was travelling a horse for a man named Henry Burrows, of Launceston. He asked for a sovereign from witness, and got it, saying Burrows would refund it on show day. He had applied to Mr. Burrows for the money, who stated he knew nothing about the matter. Henry Burrows gave evidence to the effect that defendant was not em- powered to receive any money on his ac- count, but was travelling an entire for him. In his defence, Downs stated that he had been left without money by his employer, and had to get some to get the horne in readiness for the show. The Bench sentenced bim to one month's imprisonment, but ex- pressing opinion that he had been treated far from well by his employer in being left without money. FATAL ACCIDENT AT SOUTHPORT.-On Tuesday, 14th inst., about 3.30 p.m., a lad named Joseph Hazelwood, in the employ of of Mr. John Hay, Seton, Lady's Bay, was bringing a waggon with two logs on it to the mill, and when within a very short dis- tance of the mill the waggon overturned. Hazelwood jumped off and tried to get clear of the logs, but one of them, about 2ft. 6in. iin diameter and 13ft. long, went over his body. He was picked up insensible, and died about half an hour later. An inquest was held at the police office on the 16th inst., before Mr. H J. Daldy, coroner, and a jury of seven, touching the death of Hazelwood. After viewing the body and examining three witnesses, the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. HOSPITAL CASES.-A man named James Groves, a sawmill hand, was brought up from Surges Bay yesterday by the Minx, and admitted to the General Hospital, suffering from a fractured leg, the injury having been caused by his being jammed up against a post by a piece of wood. He was received into the institution. Mrs. Margaret Trenchant, a laundress, of Murray-street, was attended to for a wound on her finger caused by a fall. LOST ON THE MOUNTAIN.-An adventur- ous visitor to Hobart yesterday morning essayed a solitary excursion to the top of Mount Wellington, and as mists enveloped the mountain even before noonday, as a natural result he did not return, and very possibly spent the night with ths murky sky for a canopy and a rock for a pillow. This morn- ing he will no doubt turn up again with a tale to tell and a prodigious appetite. ELWICK RACECOURSE RAILWAY. - The first sod of the branch line railway to the Elwick racecourso was turned yesterday morning, under the superintendence of Mr. J. C. Climie, by whom tho work will be carried out. The difficulties of construction will not be very considerable, and rapid pro- gress is likely to be made with the line. MINING AT MOUNT VICTORIA.-Steps are being taken to give effect to the suggestion made in our leading columns a few days ago with respect to the various mining companies at Mount Victoria, that a practical quartz miner should be engagod to report upon the property and capabilities of each mine. Mr. H. Nickolls has forwarded a circular to the legal manager of each of the companies in- terested, requesting him to bring the matter under the notice of the directors, with the view of a meeting of delegates representing all the registered mining companies on the goldfield being held at an early date to con- sider the proposal. VOLUNTEERS. - The quarterly muster pade of the Rifle Regiment was held last night at the Barracks. There were 70 mem- bers present, all told. Captain O'Boyle was in command, and made a careful inspection of arms, accoutrements, etc., which were found in very good order. The men were then drilled in manual and firing exercise by Sergeant-Major Alderton. During the evening Sergeant Penny was presented with a handsome gold locket by Lieut. Freeman, on behalf of the members of the winning squad at the late bayonet competitions, as a mark of recognition for the valuable services he had renderod them. At the termination of the drill squads were told off for the musketry course. The usual quarterly com- petitions in connection with the Regimental Rifle Association will commence on Wednes- day, October 22, at Sandy Bay, when first class shots and " marksmen" will compete. Squads will fall in at 8 a.m., 10 a.m., 12 a.m., and 2 p.m. The ranges will be 400, 500, and 600 yds., and 10 shots will be allowed from each range. The matches for the second and third- class shots will take place at Macquarie Point on Saturday, No- vember 1. The usual weokly parade of the Artillery Corps was held at the Drill-yard last night. There wereo only 24 men present, owing to the wet weather. Captain Evans was in command. The men were exercised in moving an 8in. gun on rollers by Sergeant Major Reid. MARINE BOARD.-A special meeting of the Marino Board was held at the offices, Franklin Wharf, yesterday. Present Messrs. E. M. Fisher (Master Warden), A. G. Web- ster, P. Facy, J. Bayley. By- law No. l8 was formally passed and ordered to bo gazetted and laid upon tho tables of tho Legislature. This by-law provides for : First. Tho regulating the shipping and land- ing of goods. 2. The management of the port, docks, wharves, and shipping. 3. Pilotage. 4. Regulations of porters and draymen, carmen and others. 5. Penalties. 6\. Repeal of by-laws 1, 4, 6, 10, 11. The Mastor Warden took tho opportunity of saying that] the harbourmaster was not re- sponsible for the proceedings taken against the master of the Acacia, Thos. Htrbert, beyond having made his report for the in- formation of .the board. The correctness of the report made by the harbourmaster was borne out by the evidence of the health officer and three of the boat's crew, and when the whole iuformation was placed before the board, it was the unanimous opinion of the Wardens that proceedings Bhould bo taken against Captain Herbert. The board then roso. iS.T.A. AND P. SOCIMY.-A meeting of the committee of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held last evening at'the office of the lion, secre- tary. Mr. Edward Chancellor occupied tho chair. Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. . The secretary reported the satisfactory termination of tb show, and submitted a return of receipts from various sources. A letter was read from Mr. C. H. Grant, manager of the Main Line Railway, suggesting the desirability in future years of issuing ticket for admission to the BIIOW ground in connection with the railway, The secretary had replied, con- curring in the proposal, and expressing a hope that it would be adopted on future occasions. He had also taken the oppor- tunity of urging upon Mr. Grant the neces- sity of a siding near Cooley's, to enable exhibitors not only to land their stock, but also to re-load them safely, thereby avoiding tho annoyance and inconvenience at present felt in havine to bring stock into town beforo they can bo placed on the railway. Tho prize list of the recent BIIOW was discussed, and the amounts fixed upon, tho total value of the prb.es allotted amounting to £55G 14s., which was passed for pay- ment. Accounts in connection with the show, amounting to nearly £200, were also submitted, and ordered to be paid. The Secretary reported that the Hon. F. W. Griibb had offered next year to give a special prize of £5 5s. for the best kept cab and horses, which shall have been on the ranks for at least BÍX months prior to the date of the show. The idea was regarded as an ex- cellent one, as offering an incentive to a class of citizens who need encouragement, and re- ceive very little, and it was decided that tho society should odd a second prize. It was decided that the field trial of harvesters, which has boen resolved upon by the society, should take place early in January next. Tlio locality was not finally fixed upon, but it will probably bo in the vicinity of Bridgewater. Four prizes will be ofiered, of five, three, two, and one guineas respec- tively. HEAVY FLEECES.-Mr. R. Harrisson in- forms un that the fleece taken from tho champion ram, Dense Tom, weighed 17Jlb. The owe shown by the same exhibitor at the recent show, and which took the special prize, yielded 13Jlb., whilst the third prize ewes gave 12Mb. and lljflb. respectively. All the ewes were yearlings. Mr. Geo. W. Keach, of Chiswick, writes ou Saturday last :-"The two 4-tooth rams exhibited by mo at the show loBt Wednesday, and which took second and third prizes respectively, were shorn to-day, aud cut as follows : Second prize ram, 20Jlb.; third prize, 19ilb." MARMION CYCLING CLUB.-At a full meoting of the Marmion Cycling Club held last evening, at Messrs. H. Bishop and Co., Elizabeth-Btreet, the report of the race meet- ing was handed over by the secretary of race committee, the proceeds showing a handsome balance. Four now members were elected. It was decided that tho banking account bo removed to the Commercial Bank. Proposed and seconded that a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to Mr. T. N. Spong, for the able manner in which he worked for tho race meet. This was carried unani- mously, and with a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting closed. TASMANIANBICYCLE CLUB.-This club had an enjoyablo run on Saturday afternoon last. The following members were present, viz. : W. Prctymau (vice-enptain), H. Horne, R Gunn, H. Burn, T. Hood, R. Burn, Alexr. McGregor, M. Montgomorie, and Albert McGregor. The " meet " was in charge of Mr. H. W. Knight, the captain of the club. Starting from the Post Office, a quick spin was made to Risdon Ferry. Upon arrival lhere it was suggested that a Bhort cut home should be attempted through Derwent Park, which was immediately acted upon. The result was a novel experience for our bicyclists Over hedgCB, gateB, rocky lanes, and rough paddocks, the riders had to partly push and partly carry their machines, and at last New Town Crock brought them all to a full stop. Nil Desperandum was how- ever their ciy, and a thin plank having been discovered over the narrowest part, one by one the machines wore carried over and safely deposited on the opposite bank ; passing with fear and trembling a notice "Trespassers will be prosecuted," the 'cycIiBts at last reach the main road, whence a smart ride against the wind lauded them at the place of starting, all being well pleased with their first attempt at cross- country work. HOBART ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.-The entries for the various events at the Hobart Athletic Association's Sport Meeting, to bo held on tho 19th prox., have now closed, and aro fully up to expectations. They number for the 11 principal events no less than 205, and many of the fields promise to be ex- ceptionally large. For the Hobart Athletic Association Handicap, the great race of the day, thero are 38 entries, whilst in the British Handicap, the silver cup presented by the lion, secretary, haa induced no less than 40 competitors to come forward. The entries in the other events are as follows : Drapers' and Grocers'"Handicap, 13 ; Bicy- cle Race, one milo, 8 ; Schoolboys, any age, 11; Bicycle Race, two milos, 10; Hobart Athletic Hurdle, 12 ; Milo Handicap, 27 ; Milo Walking Match, 10; Ladies' Purse, 17; Cascade Hurdle, 13. TABLEAUX VIVANTS.-The very onjoyablo entertainment of tableaux vivants, given in the Tasmanian Hall last Thursday evening, in aid of the building fund of the Congrega- tional Sunday Fchool, will bo repeated this exening. TI» programme will be similar to the previous one, and will no doubt at- tract another crowded audience. SUMMER WEATHER.-Yesterday the heat in Hobart was greater than on any previous day since last summer. The maximum registration at the Observatory was 131deg. in the sun, and 72deg. in tho shade. Tho rain, which fell in the evening, considerably cooled the atmosphere. " INTERCESSION FOB SUNDAY SCHOOLS.-In connection with the days sot apart by tho Sunday-school Associations of tile Mother country as days of special praycrforSunilay schools throughout the world,a specialBcrvico was hold last night at tho Cathedral. A largo congregation, including a numborof tho clergy, were present, nnu listonod with evident interest and attention to tho mnstorly and earnest address of tho Bishop of Tas- mania. Tho right rovcrend gentleman spoke for about tlireo-qiiartora of an hour upon the responsibilities of thoso engaged in church work, taking as his toxt tho 15th verso of tho 21st chapter of St. John. _ Ho addressed his able remarks princi- pally to Sunday-school teachers, urging upon thom tho necessity of earnest prayer to God on behalf of each individual scholar. He also stated that at tho forth- coming meeting of Synod, it would bo pro- posed that those who aro competent to undertake Sunday school work should bo lieonsod to that effect. Ho urjjod upon his hearers tho necessity of recognising work of this kind as a bond of union, one which would draw thom closer together in the bandB of Christian friendship. Ho earnestly entreated laymen to como forward and do their duty, as in these wido and scattered parishes, and the olergy being so few, it was next to impossible to do all that was neces- sary without tho hearty assistance of tho laity. After contrasting the system of publie edu- cation in this colony with that of the neigh- bouring ones, ho said that it gavo him much pleasuro to Bay that at ono of tho public schools in this diocese the officiating clergy- man had given the utmost number of lessons that it waa possible to givo during tho yoar, and this was by no moans an exceptional case. A united prayer service was atoo hold in Chalmers' Behool hall, Thora was a largo attondanee. The Rev. H. E. Merriman pre- sided. Addresses wero given by the chair- man, Alderman HiddlcBtone, and Mr. W. F. Brownell. The Rev. C. Anthony read a portion of Scripture ; prayor was offered by Messrs. Ife, T. L. Hood, Macfarlane, Vautin, and tho Revs. Messrs. Tucker ond Bowe. Sankey's hymns woro sung under tho leadership of Mr. H. Vautin, Miss Ar- nold presiding at tho organ. A collection in aid of expenses was taken at tho close of the meeting. "ART IN MODERN REQUIREMENTS." Last evening Mr. Charpentier delivered, in the Mechanics' Hall, the third of his scries of IccturcB on art, and took for his subjoct tho title abovomentioned. The Hon. Dr. Agnew, M.L.C., occupied the chair, and there waa a very fair attendance. The object of the address was to show how art might bo utilisod in our ordinary daily life, what might be dono towards cultivating a higher artistic taste than was at present in vogue, and tho moanB by which the taste could bo culti- vated and applied to practical purposes. The hugo, ugly, dull, dreary, monotonous structures, of which thcro aro so many in Tasmania, carno in for sovero condemnation, and the utter want of_ anything like artistio finish, or even artistic taste, m the outsido of our buildings, or in their internal decora- tions, was pointed out in terse yet fitting language. The want of any set-off to many of the outsido,s of places of busi- ness, the neglect of tho requirements of tasteful design and finished con- struction was shown to bo most lament- able, and the operations of tho jerry builder wero strongly condemned. The interior of our houses were either bare, or the walls were decorated with plain, badly designed, and indifferently executed illustrations on Eapcr, containing poisonous, materials, and emg the home for noxious insocta, and a source of frequent disease Tho nocessity for adopting appropriate colours according to the situation of tho room, the taste which might be cultivated by allowing tho com- mon-place convential paper to give place to artistic designs, illustrating native flowers and plants, wore also referred to. Instead, however, of taking advantage of the im- mense privileges and opportunities which nature placed at our disposal wewere content to disfigure our walls with the mechanical rubbish of loth-rate artists. ' The same taste which.might be employed in regard to walls might be adopted in connection with the doors and,the windows, and the furniture for one was just as easy as the other. Ii the doors were of deal, why not allow thom to remain as they were, varnishod only, than descend to the sham of painting thom, in order that they might be an imitation of something which th'ey were really not. Tho lecturer also inveighed strongly against the badly-designed carpets and furniture, which are so much the fashion .now-a-days, and which sacrifice real elegance to wretched flimsincss. Sham art was false, and utter rub- bish, while on the other bund, true art was the real, true, and simple aspiration of man after God. Should they, therefore, bo con- tent with wretched stencil plate daubs in their places of abode? Ho said most emphati- cally "no." If they desired to cultivate this higher artistic taste, their lives ' should be noble and truo, for as was the work so was tho man. The lecturer concluded an exceedingly interesting discourse by suggesting that, in time for tho ex- hibition of 18SG, some specimens of furniture, made out of indigenous woods, and entirely colonial in design and execu- tion, should be sent homo for exhibition, and afterwards presented to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales. The lecture was illustrated with maps and diagrams. At the conclusion the Hon. P. 0. Fysh, M.L.C., presented prizes to the following pupils in the School of Art :-Drawing from the flat-Nicholls, St. Leger, Wheelara, Normoyle, Keating and Wise. Mechanical drawing - Normoyle, Wheeldon, Keating, St. Leger, Hiehinson, Edwards, Graham and Wise. A vote of thankB to the chairman closod the proceed- ings. CARRIAGE BUILDING. - Messrs. Burdon and Son, of Argyle-streot, have recently completed a Victoria phaeton to tho order of M r. W. Abbott, which is woi thy of notice as being u really first- class piece of work- manship. The phaeton is of the latest de- sign, with extension top, silver-plated fix- ings, etc., and has an extremely light and stylish appearance. The upholstery and trimmings aro prune coloured, and the body of .the vehicle is painted black and olive brown. The vehicle was exhibited nt the recent Agricultural Show in ¡the uon-coin peting classes, and elicited very warm en- comiums, both from the judges and the fmillie. Mr. Abbott is to be congratu ated on the manner in which his wishes have been carried out. Tiio same firm havo a number of vehicles in course of construc- tion, and aro at present well employed. CONCERT.—Last evening a miscellaneous concert was held in the Tasmanian Hall, in order to raise funds to asssist a seaman named Hugh MacConnell, who had one of his legs amputated in consequence of injuries received on board the s.s. Abington while discharging cargo at one of the wharves. There was a fair attendance, in spite of the rain falling. The programme, which was enjoyable and attractive, included pianoforte solos and songs, both comic and sentimental, the ladies and gentlemen who kindly gave their assistance being Mrs. Bellettc (who ren- dered *. Scenes that aro brightest" very artis- tically), Miss A. Powell, MÍBS G. Roberts, and Miss Wilkinson, and MesBrs. J. T. Hay- wood, V. Tregear, Robert Young, and Rov. J. C. Whall. The applause was frequent, and most of the performers had to respond to well merited encores. The proceedings ter- minated with " God save the Queen." GEORGE'S BAY.-The vacancy caused by the death of Mr. C. S. Snowden, registrar of mines and goldfields at George's Bay, has been filled by the appointment of Mr. H. B. Metier, who has for some time past acted as clerk of the courts at Kingston. THE GRKEN PONDS SNAKE -Mr. Alex. Morton desires us to correct an error he nade in describing the species to which the snake killed at Green PondB belongs. It was ono of the Iioplocephalus superbus. THE CODLIN MOTH IN NEW ZEALAND. In an article commenting on the excitement causod by the discovery of a quantity of insects in various stages on cases containing apples imported into Auckland from America, the N.Z. Herald says:-"That they were the caterpillars of tho codlin moth appeared to be the general opinion. They were firmly attached to the cases, and in the seams be- tween the boards of which the cases wero composed. Some had just succeeded in getting themselves snugly encased in the cocoon wich which they cover themaelves, while others had attained the chrysalis stage of growth. Any f UBS over the matter now comes too late. The insect is established in many of our orchards, and will probably ex- tend lo others, until it becomes more or less general over the whole colony. Years ago we drew attention to the danger arising from the introduction of this insect from Tasmania and San Francisco, and urged the Government of the day to tako some means of inspecting fruit on arrival. Our warning was then unheeded, although then was the lime to take steps to stamp out the insect, and prevent its in- crease by direct importations from abroad. For the many years that Californian apples have boin imported to Auckland, wo doubt if there has boen one consignment in which there has not been a greater or less number of these unwelcome immigrants. Although they aro increasing where orchards aro neglected, they do not appear to be increas- ing at the same rate as they do in California, the moister climate here being probably un- favourable to their rapid propagation, just as the samo natural climatic condition pro vents tho spread of tho Bathurst burr, BO dcatruotivo to tho fleeces of tho shcop in Australia, South Africa, and othor very dry countries. It is thno, howovor, thnt sonio arrangements woro made by «hich greon fruit should bo thoroughly inspected on im- portation just as aro cattle and shcop." POLICY --MAINTAINED HY SURRENDER VAI.UK.-Under tho abovo hoading tho Clunes Guardian records a striking oxamplo of tho method of keeping policies alive out of thoir surrender value, instead of al- lowing thom to bo forfeited for non-pay- ment of premiums as formorly. In 1877, Mr. John Win. Browne, a minor at Clunes, insured MB lifo for £150. Ho was nnablo to keep up paymonts of premium after July, 18S1, and as ho ceased paying premiums, ho supposed tho policy had lapsed ; but it had a surrender value, and the society since then paid tho premiums for him out of tho sur- render value. When Mr. Browne died, in May last, his widow know nothing abont tho policy being in forco, till Mr. Hickox, the ogont, iu tho following July (having before shared tho impression that tho polioy was void) from a circumstance which transpired, informed tho oflieo of tho death of Mr. Browne, whereupon ho was at onco directed by tho society to ask Mrs. Browne to send in her claim. The policy had been kept alivo for the years stated by its surrender value. Ilcuce, as tho falling duo premiums woro, by tho Act of tho socioty, represented as paid, the full share of profits falling duo at the reccutquinquonnial examination becamo an addition to the polioy ; tho amount of the bonus so accruing was sufficient to pay off tho arrearsof about three yearB' premiums, and the widow haB boen paid the amount of the cliim, leas interest upon the arrears. So thoroughly had Mrs. Browno considered her late hus- band's lifo polioy void, that no caro had boen taken of it, and the documont could not bo produced, nevertheless, tho society haB, under precautionary guarantees, paid the amount duo in full. PROPOSED CLOSING OF A MELBOURNE MAIN THOROÜOUFARE,-An important ques- tion says the Herald, has arisen as to the keeping open of Elizaboth-stroet during the race time. Everyone knows that there is a terrific ruBh of vehicles along that street on Cup day, and a heavy stream on other race days. The street is now a good deal ripped up with tho drainage works. Some resolu- tion will havo to bo arrived at as to whether tho street will be temporarily closed or other wise, for frightful accidents would result in tho vehicular jam at tho period of racing ex- citement. Inspector Powtress, in charge of tho city, and Councillor Fenwick, the cor- poration representative of the ward most affoctod, havo been in consultation. Thoy havo referred the matter to Mr. Elsdon, tho city surveyor, who will examine locally, and give his opinion within a day or two, so that thero will bo ample timo to make whatever arrangements is most suitable. Elizabeth-street tradesmen ure alarmed at the proBpoct of a temporary closure, just when thoy anticipate the cream of the whole year's business. Of courso nothing would bo easier than to block the Btrcet, and make the whole cavalcade on Cup day take SwanBton-stroet or Qneon- streot, but it looks a puzzle just now aB to how the Elizaboth strect shopkeepers arc to bo propitiated. AN AUSTRALIAN VERY MUCH ABROAD. According to the San Francisco Chronicle an Australian colonist in good financial circum- stances, named George Ryland, has been the victim of a knavish hoax, which has cost him a good round sum of money, and may be advantagoously narrated for tho purpose of putting other travelling bachelors oa their guard. It appears that Mr. Ryland had heard a good deal of tho beauty and the sub- stantial dowry of Californian heiresses, and thought ho should Uko to capture ono. His intentions were cither known to, or oonjoo turcd by, an agod quack, who brought under his notice a publication in which matrimo- nial advertisements figured very conspicu- ously, the paper being edited by the quack himself. Through his intermediation, and after having paid him a foo of £5, Mr. Ryland WOB introduced to a Mrs. Clements, "a plump and pleasing perBon," representing herself to bo a widow, possessing the snug sum of £5,000 in her own right. The lady proved to bo so attractive, in spite of the maturity of her agc, that the fervid Australian made her an offer of marriage before tho close of the first interview. It was coyly accepted ; but tho wedding day was deferred in order to enable a suiUblo trosscau to bo prepared, and to give time for the blooming widow to complote her preparations for a voyage to Australia in company with her betrothed. In the meantime, lie was indefatigable in his attentions, and lavish in his expenditure. He hired a carriage for tho use of his in- tended, accompanied her every evening to tho theatre, entertained her afterward at an elegant little supper party, and made her those presents of lace and jewel- lery which are so dear to the feminine heart. Ho confided his good fortune to some of the citizens whoso acquaintance ho had made ; and they frankly informed bim that ho was the dupo of a couple of sharpers. And it proved to bo perfectly true. Ila endea- voured, but without success, to procure tho return of his presents. He called in the aid of the policy, and the whole story found its way into print. THE NEW COMMODORE.-Commenting ,upon the appointment of Rear-Admiral Tryon to the command in Australian waters, " Atlas," in the World, says : "Thero never was a time when nepotism and jobbery woro so rampant in tho Navy OB thoy havo been during the last four years. Officers who aro in favour at Whitehall, or who can command high interest, can do what they please, and they may confidently count on getting the best berths for which they aro eligible. Hero ia Rear-Admiral Tryon, lato Secretary to tho Admiralty, appointed to the Austra- lian command, over the heads of moro than 20 senior rear-admirals who havo not yet hoisted their Hags. Not only is Rear-Ad- miral Tryon the junior officer but one on the list, but ho hus only completed four months' service in that rank. Sir Frederick Richards, the Junior Sea Lord, was to havo received the poBt, but I hear that he has resolved to to wuit for something nearer home." NiswZiUALAND FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY. -The public debt of Now Zealand- is £29,G08,270. A return which has'been Re- cently laid before tho House of Representa- tives shows that the total amount of money remaining secured by mortgages under the Land Transfer Act on March 31, 1884, was twenty-four millions and a half. , Two mil- lions were paid off during the year, and four raillions socured. These arc the amounts stated 'roughly, and thoy show that tho " mortgage systom," as distinguished from that of rent, is greutly in voguo in the colony. It is instructivo to note from this return how the mortgage indebtedness is distributed .among the différent pro ? vincial' districts. Otago, with largest population, has a total indebtedness of £4,990,453, .whilo Canterbury has noarly double that amount, viz., £0,003,920, and Southland £3,223,345. Auckland settlers and property-owners appear to bemuch freer of debt than those in othor parts of the colony, as the amount they owoon mortgage is only £2,371,143. Wellington follows closely with £2,325,203, and tliB other dis- tricts are as under-,- Hawke's Bay, £1,C00,2G3; New Plymouth, £396,771; Nelson, £343,001 ; Marlborough, £17G,890 ; Westland, £09,774. To separate the two islands, it will bo seen that of the twenty four millions borrowed on mortgage threo fourths aro apportioned to the South Island, and only one-fourth to tho North. TRAIN STOPPED BY CATERPILLARS.-Tho IFarutiei- (Queensland) Examiner rclatoB that tho Emu Vale train waa twice brought to a staudstill lately from a causo rarely recorded in Queensland. Caterpillars have covered some parts of the district in immense swarms, and recently thoy had in their march crossed the railway fine. They set- tled on the rails in millions, and covered them for a considorable distance. On as conding an iucline the wheels of the engine, owing to the crushed insects and the slime from thom, would not bite, and the train carno to a stop. Sand was usod on the rails ; this had tho desired effoot for some distance, but a second stoppage took place, and the wheels had to bo temporarily cleaned before good progress was made. The caterpillar pest has devoloped this year into enormous proportions. THE TRADE OF THE SOUTH SEAS.-Wo leam from the Otago Daily Tima that the South Sea Island Committee of the New Zealand Parliament have drafted a bill em- bodying Sir Julius Vogcl's schemo for tho establishment of tho New Zealand Inter- national South Sea Trading Co. It provides for the incorporation of a com Íiany with the abovo title, and with the ollowiug objects :-To develop the trade and producing resources of the islands of the Pacific Ocean ; to facilitate the inter- chango of products and merchandise- be- tween tho said islands and other countries, and to establish factories for tho utilis- ing of the products of the said islands ; to promoto the civilisation, education, and industrial employment of the islanders, and thereby discourage tho labour traffic in the said islands ; and generally to do and per- form all such acts, matters, and things as the company may deem incidental or other- wise conducive to any of the abovo objects. The company aro empowered to acquire land, vessels, etc. Thero is to b« a pro visional directory, to hold office until tim third annual general mooting, mid to con- sist of eight persona, of whom two, including tim president, shall bo appointed by the Govornor-in.Coiincil, and six shall be elected by tha electoral body, consisting of not less than 25 persons, whom tho Govornor Bhall appoint for that purpose. Tho number of permanent diroators is to bo oight, of whom two shall bo appointed hy. .tho Govcrnor.in-Couiicil mid six. shall be elected by tho shareholders of tho company. Tho prosfdent of the court of directors shall always bo appointai! by tho Qovcrnor-in Connell from among tho directors nominated by ¡lim. Aflar the expiration of tho poriod limitodfor gi-antingnsubsidy to tho company,, seven of tho directors aro to bo elected by tho shareholders, and the ono who shall bo presi- dent shall bo appointod by the Govcrnor-in Council. Tho capital of tho company is to consist of £1,000,000, divided into 100,000' aliaros of £10 each. By clause 12 it is pro- vided thal 20,000 of tho said aliaros shall bo open for application in Now Zealand, 20,000 in England, 20,000 in Franco, 20,000 in Gormany, and 20,000 in tho United States. If all tho shares allocated to any of theso places bo not applied for within a timo or timoB to bo limited by tho directors, they may allot ail such shares as shall not bo applied. for as aforesaid to tho persons applying for shares of the company in any such other place- or places. Tho company havo power to issuo promissory notes, payablo on do mand, for any amount from £1 upwards ; but sucli privilege shall coiiso in case of the suspension of specio payment on demand of any note issued by the company. Tho total amount of tho notes payablo on demand issued and in circulation shall not exceed tile amount of tho uncalled capital of tho company. If at any timo boforo tho expira- tion of 20 years after the company shall have commenood tho business, tho profits for any ono year Bhall not amount to 5 per cont, upon its paid-up capital, the Colonial Treasurer, out of the Consolidated Revenue, shall pay to tho company tho deficiency, provided that thero shall not bo paid to tho company in any ono year by way of subsidy a groator sum than £10,000. Any sum paid to the company out of the Consolidated Fund as in the last preceding section mentioned shall bo repaid by the company by tho pay mont in each year of one-half of all tho profits mido by tho company in stioh year in oxcoss of 7 per cent, on tho paid up capital of the company, until the whole advance^ is repaid. In tho ovont of the company being wound up, it is provided «lier alta that no shareholder is to bo liablo for moro than tho amount unpaid on his shares. Tho head offico of tho company is to bo in New Zealand, at such place as tho directors may from timo to timo dotermino. A STARTLING INCIDENT.-Tho Argus says: -A raro phenomenon was witnessed at Trentham on a recent morning, when a thunderbolt fell, followed by a peal of thunder BO sharp and loud that it startled tho wholo township. In ita courao tho light- ning carno in contact with a largo tree, which it split from top to bottom, reducing the greater portion to splinters of about half an inch in diameter and a couple of feet long, and scattering thcBO on soino aides as far as 50 yards from the trco. The concussion alBO broke the windows of a privato residonco at Bomo distanco from tho spot. Tho vividness of tho flash, and the loudncss of tho unex- pected peal of thunder, causodsovcral horses to bolt, in ono inBtanco doing considerable damage to a vehicle, which WBB capsized, but no serious results followed in any other caso. Thero wcro three distinct and yet simultaneous flashes, instantly followed by a sharp, deafening, and prolonged peal of such thunder as is not often heard. This sudden outburst was not precodod by any warning, nor followed by any savo a very distant and light roll. The instruments in the tele- graph office wore very much affooted, and could not bo steadied for nearly an hour after the shock and explosion. Rain suo ceedod, and continued for some time. RETROGRESSIVE LEGISLATION.-A year or two ago, the Now Zealand legislature, in a sudden spasm of virtue, tried to make people moral by Acts of Parliament in many ways, and amongst others put a stop to the innocent amusement of half crown sweeps on racecourses, and at tho samo timo legalised the uso of tho tota lisator, under tho sanction of racing clubB. The tolalieator has been a sourco of consider- able rovenuo to those bodicB, and hence tho desire to continuo its legality. When tho bill against sweeps first carno into operation, Sir William Fitzherbert, the Speaker of the Legislativo Council, and a party of gentle- men determined lo test the matter, and they wcro accordingly Bummoned for getting up a 10s. sweep on the Hutt racecourse. The result was that they wore fined, and their appeal to the Supremo Court was dismissed, liiere has over sinco been a. murmur of dis- content on tho part of tho general public who attend racecourses that thoy aro not permitted to invest their shillings and half crowns with the same freedom as formerly, and a son of Sir William has, during the present New Zealand session introduced a bill to legalise sweepstakes in cases where the individual stake docs not exceed £2. Tho bill passed its second reading by a majority of nine, but was subsequently thrown out. THE ORIENTAL BANK AT SINGAPORE. Had tho Governments of the various English colonies (says tho Pall Mall Gazette) in which the lato Oriental Bank had branches acted as the authorities at Singapore have done, the failure would havo been produc- tive of wide spread calamity nil over the East. The Straits Government appears to havo had a trifling sum-IOSB than £10,000 deposited in tho branch of the Oriental Bank at Singapore, and instead of setting an example of calmness and confidence to tho natives under his caro, the acting Governor promptly obtained a writ from the colonial courts, in virtue of which the sheriff broke into the bank, and, notwithstanding the protest of tho manager, seized the whole amount alleged to bo due to the Govern- ment. The principal depositors in Singa- pore appoar to havo been Chiuese and Malays, and it is therefore impossible to censure too strongly the precipitate and anio-stricken step of those to whom these opositora would naturally look in BUCII a juncture. Besides which, tho legality of this proceeding is rather doubtful, and will no doubt engage the attention of tim official liquidator and of Mr. Justice Cliitty. PETTICOAT TROULLE.-Petticoats, it ap- pears, havo boen a great faotor .¡n tho Franco-Chinese and Toiiquin-Aiinameso com- plications. In the latest most learned dis- sertations on the origin of tho geographical term Cochin-Chinn, and of its populations, the authority most approved confirms the account of Marco Polo that, before tho fifteenth century, Ton-king and Annam wcro parts of China, and that though the Ton quinese, Annamcse, and Cl'incse languages are mutually unintelligible, the formation of all three is nearly identical. The big too of both TonquineBe and Annameso stand nport from the other toes in a remarkable way un- known among other nations. TheTonquineso were not by any means satisfied with their union with Annam, and moving southwards, were always ready to side with tho guerillas from the hill rangoB ; but the gravest cause of irrigation was the proscription of their wives' petticoats. Tho Annameso women wear trousors Uko their Chinese sisters, but the Tonquinesc damsels covered their limbs with short kirtles. Mingh-Maugh, the Annameso ruler, disliked theso garments, and decreed their abolition. Ho had better havo kopt his hands out of the plackets. A royal edict was ¡Bsued in 1830, ordering all the Tonquincse women to wear pants. The proclamation was indignantly scouted, and has been the cauBe of endless sanguinary en- counters. It is still in force, but the petti- coat* havo not disappeared. Tiioy roprescnt the national tradition, and protest against the union of Tonquin with Annam. CANNIBALISM IN THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS. -Whatever may be the truth of the story as to the Greely expedition, a well authenti- cated case of cannibalism is reported by the Courier des Etats Unis from the Rocky Mountains. A short time back a man half dead from inanition and apparently insane, was found wandering upon the banks of Kicking Horse River. When brought to himself, the unfortunate man stated that he was a Californian miner named William Owens, and that he had started from Kamloops in June with a companion named Joseph Williams in search of a silver mine. They had intended to reach the Colombo River, but, fallinge short of provisions, they had trudged on for six days without food. On the seventh day Williams threw himself on the ground, and said he could not go any farther. He died of exhaustion in a few minutes, and Owens says that he cut slices of flesh from his legs and thighs, and that it was by eating small mouthfuls of this that he was able to continue his journey. He had been living on human flesh for six days when he was found, and a small quantity was still tied up in a corner of his handkerchief. The unfortunate man who was reduced to such terrible straits had several hundred dollars in bank notes with him. Tho first meeting of creditors in the bank- rupt estate of Charles Dowdoll. will ho hold at 30, Murray-streot, on the 3rd prox. " Itouau ONIUTS."-Clears outran, mico, roaclioi, flic«, ants, bod-bugi, beetles, imecti, skunlu, Jwk rabbits, gophers. DruggUt». Moats Moa» and Co., Usine?, G«ncrtl Agouti. 