Site THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism in Tipperary, BY MRS. J. SADLIER, AUTHOR OF “NEW LIGHTS,” “ BLAKES AND FLANAGANS,” “ WILLIE BUEKE,” “ BED HAND OF ULSTER,” ETC. CHAPTEK XV. MIDSUMMER—EVE ON THE ROCK OF CASHEL. It was midsummer-eve, and the sun of the longest day had just sunk beneath the western horizon ; star after star came out in the blue heavens above, and fire after fire dotted the broad plain below, as if a brighter reflection of the pale light shed down from the glorious canopy hung on high. These were the bonfires, which on St. John’s Eve, make all Ireland glad and bright ; the young uproarious in their harmless mirth as they dance in merry circles round “the bonfire and the old sad amid the festal joys, as they talk to each other of “ Auld Lang Syne.” “And the summer days when they were young.” young and blithe, and light- hearted as those who have now taken their places around the midsummer-eve fires, just as those Christian fires in honour of St. John, and symbolising the light of Christianity, have replaced the ancient “fires of Baal,” lit on the same charmed eve, on the hills and in the valleys of Ireland, where the sons and daughters of the land once reverenced in those “sacred fires” the image of their most potent god, even the great Bel. Half sad, half gay, was the chat wherewith our old friend Bryan Cullenan, and his friend Shaun the piper, beguiled the tranquil hour, as they sat together under the shattered arch of what once was the grand portal of the cathedral. The noises of the old borough and of all the merry dancers at the fires round the base of the Rock came softened to the ears of the two old men, and the soothing influence of the hour brought that ineffable calm to their hearts which only the contented, trust ing, simples Christian can experience here below.. Earlier in the evening it had been Shaun s intention to visit some of the bonfires with a lucrative object in view, but, as time wore on, and he and Bryan exchanged re miniscences of their boyish days, and of friends long dead, and joys long vanished, Shaun gave up the notion of going to the bonfires, “for,” he said, “it wouldn’t be worth my while, maybe, for all I’d make, to be trampin’ round from one to another, an’ that’s -what I’d have to do to make anything at all ! So if I’d do with it, I’ll do without it ; an’ any way I’m not badly off at the present time, thanks be to God Almighty! Now, only, it ’id be drawin’ them all about us from below I’d give you a tune or two that ’id warm your poor ould heart.” _“ Oh! not here, Shaun agra, not here,” said Bryan, in a deprecating tone ; “ why, you don’t know who’d be listening to you!” And he dropped his voice almost to a whisper, and cast a furtive glance around. “ An’ what do I care who’d be listening’ to me ? ” said merry-hearted, fearless Shaun ; “ there isn’t one buried on the Roek o’Cashel, I’ll go.bail, that wouldn’t have a gra for the ould piper that never did man nor mortal any harm, but makes pleasure an’ innocent divar sion wherever he goes. You needn’t be squeezin’ my arm, now, Bryan ! for I’m sure there never was priest or friar, or bishop, aither, on Irish ground—(barrin’ them big buddaghs of English bishops, an’ who cares about them ?)—that hadn’t an ’ear and a heart for the ould ancient music! ” £‘ Atben, Shaun, will you howld your whisht ? ” said Bryan, in a low, troubled voice ; “ I’ll tell you, there’s some o’ them round us now!—you’re bringing them out o’ their graves with your foolish talk ! ” This staggered Shaun a little. “ Wisha, Bryan ! ” he whispered, “ how do you know that ? Do you see anything ? ” And he be gan rolling his sightless eyes around as though they, too, could penetrate the deep recesses of the ruins. Bryan made no answer. His eyes, wide distended, were following a dark figure that had glided out from the further end of the palace, across the little open space towards the 80uth transept of the cathedral, close to which gi ..... .. miie—it'll pass the time an’ keep up one’s heart a bit till my ould chap comes back, for, after all, it is a lonesome place, an’ that’s God’s truth ! Here goes, now !” And so saying Shaun blew his chanter, and struck up “ The Dusty Miller,” with a hearty goodwill and a lusty vigour that brought out the merriest tones in his bag, and made his own heart as light as a feather. “ I’m thinking that’ll chase the ghosts, anyhow,” quoth Shaun, warming more and more at the exhilarating sound of his own music ; “ now we’ll give them ‘ Haste to the Wedding !’ ” and no sooner said than done. “Well, it’s a folly to talk,” said he, “ there’s a power o’ fun in these same ould pipes o’ mine ! Hoogh ! Shaun, your sowl ! it’s a pity you’d ever die !” His music and his self-laudation came to an end together, when Bryan rushed up breath less, and, seizing the chanter with no gentle hand, pulled it from between his fingers, saying, “Are you mad, Shaun! or what’s coinin’ over you, at all, to go playin’ up your jigs an’ reels among the dead on the Hock o’ Cashel ? Didn’t I tell you not to do it ?” “ You did, an’ then you goes off wid your self and laves me here, all alone wid my pipes, an’ sure what could I do but make them spake to keep me company ? If I done any harm, 