THE TOURIST, A TRIP TO FIJI IN THE WAIRARAPA. [Br M. M.l [Continued from Observer of July 5.] Levuka., June 12. The saloon is a busy scene to-night—of card-playing parties, of musically disposed people, of writing-up correspondents, and of thoughtful ones, who would prefer the seclusion that a cabin grants, to arrange and form new ideas from the fresh Fijian pas tures, if the cabins were not so purgatorially overheated. Our fellow-passengers are developing their special idiosyncracies in a variety of ways. There is the flirt, who loves the shady sides of the vessel, and blesses that electric light that sheds a noon day radiance on the spotless pine of the poop deck, and leaveB everything to be desired in the way of shadow. There is the consummately precious young man, whose one object in life is to keep an eyeglass in position and to crush his feet into the most pointed of shoes. There is the gushing young thing of fifty, who calls herself a "girl," and chaffs indiscrimiuately with high and low—captain, stewards, and passengers. She sings the latest love madrigals, and dances with all the spryness of a young kitten; she is the terror of old men and the horror of young ones, whom she inveigles into odd corners and awkward attentions. As a background to her we have the " old identity,'' dressed in ancient tiibeonitish garments of clouted shoon and patched cloth, that have weathered many a storm and under gone the tear and wear of many ex cursions ; still, under the rough bomeBpun exterior beats a heart to understand and an eye to see the beauties of nature. There are the poet, the parson, the doctor, the lawyer, and the reporter, who interviews every one and is full of information, reliable or other wise. The general tagrag and bobtail of the rest of the passengers fill up the vacant spaces with the very ordinary doings of common mortals, who have not even the redeeming quality of a little eccentricity. Levuka is beautifully situated on the small Island of Ovalau at the foot of a serrated ridge of hills that form a dark green palm crowned background to tbe one street that extends in a long line of irregular houses. Behind the town rises the Turret Bock, from the top of which a fine view of the foam fretted coral reef can be obtained. In the centre of the town, liigh on the side of the hill, stand two pepperbox • like towers of corrugated iron, which are the lighthouses that mark the entrance to the channel that leads inside the reef. When the captain of an incoming vessel 'gets the red-and-white lights in a line he knowB that he is in the narrow path; if not, he may calculate on the broad road that leads to destruction over the coral reefs. Until recently Levuka was the seat of Government. As it lies almost in the centre of the Fijian group of islands it is the great trading port. The wharf is a busy scene, with U.S.cS. Co's steamers, trading schooners, and vessels crowded with natives from the different islands, of every shade of colour—from Nubian blackingto raw sienna. The steamers are being loaded with bananas, and the schooners are employed in bringing labour from the islands to work at copra-making, sugar-planting, coffee and cotton growing. The labour, question is a vexed one in the South Seas. The Fijian is not permitted to work except under tribal authority or by his chief's permission. With such consent he may work for a European for one month within his home district. Certain classes of them may work for wages outside of their district for a period not exceeding one year, but only under a set form of agreement. This excessive tribal; authority causeB a number of the young men, especially those who live in poor districts, to became vagrant waifs and strays, wandering from one place to another, and eventually becoming the vagabond pests of Suva and Levuka. Sometimes thoy marry and are sup ported by their wife's tribe. A man who works without permission is liable to be proceeded against by tbe law and fined for the heinous offence of trying to work for an honest living. In order to supply the demand labour must be imported, and trading schooners and steamers are con stantly employed, not only in bringing Solomon Islanders, Hervey Islanders, ana Polynesians, but also coolies from India, to do most of the plantation work. The little steamlaunch Kate has been busy all day lone plying between the Wairarapa and the shore, to the delight of the native mind. She has been re christened the "Stick-in-the-mud," as she constantly Bhows a wonderful facility for striking on coral reefs, running aground, and fouling ship's anchors. The Fijians haunt and. cling to the wharf like limpets all day long to watch her movements, \- and the climax is reached for them when she sticks within three yards of the landing place, puffing and snorting and belching forth more smoke than a P. & 0\. mailbeat could do under similar circumstances. They langh most heartily at the dilemma, and offer chaf fing advice with mauy grimaces. They hanker to carry us ashore—" Eue a shilling," which translated means ' shilling a head." " Rue a shilling" iB fast becoming a motive power.in Fiji. We turned our steps toward the Bank to nil our pockets full of shillings and sixpences, not only for present use, but when we go to San.oa we shall only be able to use the smaller silver coins. We then set off to walk to the waterfall of Waitow and the bathing pools. It was an interesting and imposing spectacle to see the Wairarapan straggling along the beach road, filling nis pockets with corals, shells, and stones, and covering his hat in a forestry of green leaves and brilliant -flowers, on the sound principle of "doing in Fiji as the Fijian does." Here comes a young masher of spotless dress and reputation, crowned like a Bacchus and gambolling like a Fawn. Re is followed by a staid, stout old parson and his wife, with hybiscus flowers naming on his canonical hat and eagerly imbibing the milk of the cocoanut as he travels by, tilting his head at an angle of forty-five degrees. Shade of vestryman! Shadow of lay- reader I If you could place vouselves era rapport with his reverence the sanctity that en velopes his portly person in your blinded eyes would fall away as dotn a garment 1 The young men march along, armed with bath towels and bent on enjoy ing a regular shower under the flashing spray of the waterfall. The road is exqui site—on one side the still waters within the reef: in the distance the thundering crash of the breakers as they throw their white seahorses over the reef in iridiscent flashes of foam from the restless ocean beyond; on the other, all the luxuriance of a tropical vegetation made bright with shrubs naming with scarlet flowers. Half way up to the waterfall we come upon a large circle of stones, formerly a " lovo" or oven where cannibal feasts were held. The stone where the victim was knocked on the head is indented with many a hatchet mark, and the oven was just the proper size for a "body." It iB still used,_ but "base are the uses of adversity"—it is :used to roast pig in 1 Pig is the staple animal food of the natives. Pigs run and play with the children round every native village. The breed is the same as that in troduced by Captain Cook, and in its queer lean-ribbed, lank- sided appearance does not commend itself to a lover of roast pork. Climatic influence may be the cause of the degeneration of the species—there is not even the ghost of a curl left in the tail 1 The wealth of plant life is superabundant. Medicinal and poisonous herbs, of which the nativcB only know the properties, grow at every turn of the foot. It is unsafe for the ignorant visitor to pluck a leaf or scratch his hand with a thorn—the poisons are so deadly. A Bojourn in these regions would repay any aspirant to the honours and wealth of a fortune made by means of quack medicine. At this moment the London paperB arc teeming with advertisements printed in capital letters—" Try the new Fijian restorative, warranted to kill and cure all neuralgic aches and infirmities that frail humanity is heir to. To be had of all respectable chemists. None genuine unless hearing the Fijian stamp and trade mark—a frizzle-headed mop—on the bottle." In reality it is a special preparation made from the scraped stem of the Epipremnium Mirahile, an araceous creeper with glossy, green, indented leaves. It is a dark-brown liquid, and does not affect the pupil or pro duce toxic symptoms. The natives suffer much from sores and blains on their bodies; their great brawny shoulders are deeply pitted in many places with the marks of festerings. The Na Sura plant is used by them as a cure for these wounds—the leaf is heated, the juice pressed out on the sore, and the squeezed leaf is wrapped round the affected part poulticewise. Elephantiasis is the severest form of disease they suffer from. The wise man must have had some know ledge of this when he wrote of legs like " pillars .of marble." It is terrible to see a man moving painfully about on limbs that are swelled like tree-trunks from the ankle upwards. A native brought me a magnificent lily, plucked by the wayside. It had thirty separate heads of flowers on one stem. It was white, feathery, and sweet-scented, Some one called it "The Imperial," and cer tainly "Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." The red Indian shot, or native arrowroot, grows in abun dance on the track; and the ipecacuanha suggested memories ot croup, east wind, and the capping verse of the poet, who outdid his fellows by rhyming Sitting in a shady grove With my M&rianua;, Lozenges 1 gave my love And ipecacuanha. The sensitive plant grows in great tangled heapB by the roadside. It is of a tender green brown colour, with a pink pea-shaped flower. Touch it, breathe upon it, and it Bhrinks and dieB for twenty-four hours like some living thing of hyper-delicate organization. The asthma plant iB also found near. It has all the dull green appearance of a herb that has J medicinal properties—leaves dark and hairy, flowers of a yellow-green colour. The varieties of plant life are endless, and the pastures sufficiently new and untried to prove more than interesting to the skilled student of botany who can bring the ex perience of old world work to bear on new subjects. The Fijian is the most highly gifted musical genius on the face of the globe. Given a flute-like piece of wood, pierced with three holes along the side and one at the top, and he will blow all the notes in the gamut out of it by closing one noBtril and blowing with the other through the aper ture. If the audience be willing the per former is agreeable to be encored ad in Anitvm. He haB no professional pride of reserving himself for the next piece; he only possesses the simple delight of the untatorea mind in being able to produce unearthly sounds unlike nis neighbours by means of an oigan, originally destined for other orna mental uses. The Courthouse is one of the airiest places in which to spend a brief half- hour during the hottest pari; of the day. The walls are of matting, through which the seabreezes are wafted to the pallid faces of the Civil servants as they try, by means of interpreter, the cases of assault and dissension that constantly occur between the different races of islanders that live and work at Levuka. Scarcely a night passes withoutsomefierceoutbreakand breach of the peace between the warlike Solomon Islanders, the treacherous Tongese, and the coolies. The men who look on and back the opponents are held equally guilty with the combatants, and are tried as aiders and abettors; consequently the trial is endless, and the evidence becomes a hopeless mass of lies long before the final summing-up of the Judge can be arrived at. There is aSamoan settlement at Levuka, the houses of which arc built of basketwork, and are very taste ful and ornamental. Samoan society in Levuka forms a small clique of its own. In our return to the ship we found that it had been thrown open to the inspection of visitors from the sbore, who kept constantlv arriving in countless shoals of all shades and degrees. The "rudder" seemed to have got mixed with the "bowsprit" somehow, quite a simple accident in tropical climes, and the deck was crowded from Btem to stern with a moving mass of gaping natives. They even penetrated into the cabins, where they felt and examined the dresses and boxes of the absent occupants with greedy wonder. The bar and the saloon entrance proved favourite hauntB, and for a time the companion-way was jammed with shockheaded Fijians intent on getting biscuits and other material com forts from the stewards, or on gratifying their vanity by a peep at themselves in the large sliding mirror that forms a' background to the sideboard. One boy was very much afraid when he saw a full-length portrait of himself for the first time, but he returned again and again to the charge, as if fascinated by his own multi tudinous charms. He giggled, and blushed, and turned his head away, only to look again when he fancied no one was watching. It is rarely sweet to taste forbidden pleasures and to gaze on unknown charmB— So near that glass lest I should see A little witch that looks like me, And whispers low, "Thon'rtfairtosee." Ice from the refrigerator was an endless source of fright and amusement. They bit it with their gleaming white teeth and then chuckled with laughter as one and all rejected the cold mass with violent shudderings. By means of a glass full of water, it wm explained, " Water all the sameJice all the same—very goodto which fanciful interpretation they only answered "Savonake," the Fijian catchword way of saying " Very good, I believe you, my; bog/' On deck the scene was more animated sti a group of Samoan ladies had settled them selves along the starboard side of the vessel. They were surrounded by an admiring group of young men and officers, all desirous of obtaining at least one glance from the beautiful wild dark eyes that gleamed, alas! must I write it, from under the latest fashion of three years ago in hats and feathers. They were dressed in bright print robes, that flowed loosely from the shoulder to the ankle, untrammelled by any bands and unweighted by wretched flounces—the hats were the only obnoxious part of the dress. One young officer made himself specially conspicuous by distributing cigarettes and helping to light them. The ladies smoked and flirted and laughed with the utmost grace and complacency, enjoying the fragrant weed with all the vigour of con firmed smokers.' But when, indeed, from friendliness to familiarity—by what Artemus Ward would call "the skanderlus ease of Suthurn manners"—the young man pro i, the duced and applied ice to their fair lips, they resented it so thoroughly that two of them pushed all the ice they could lav their hands on down the nape 01 his neck. One beau tiful girl called "Ruth" followed me about the deck, stroked me all over, felt with her slender brown fingers if I was solid good material, and then said " Savonake." I answered bv feeling her loose blue robe, rubbing her hands, stroking her head, and by saying " Savonake." One word is a limited form of speech for human beings itojcom municate with one another, but it may mean volumes. We dined with a queer assortment of wizened, puckered faces gazing at us through every porthole and from every coign of vantage above in the music saloon. When the time came for our visitors to leave the Bhip they tumbled their dark forms in lazy lengths on boat and catamaran and drifted ashore in the phosphorescent light of a moonlight night amid the balmy BtillneBB of the tropics, with only the muffled roar of the breakers on the reef to make sweet cadence to the solemn night. "The golden fragments of the day" tded into the voiceless music of the were blended past, and as the stars shine forth upon these wondrous scenes and regions, we breathe deep sighs of mere content to live. As an invitation to a Fijian "at home" at the German Consul's was posted on the notice-hoard, we dressed ourselves in our best for a party and went ashore, escorted by some of the noble Wairarapan youth. The German Consulate is situated at the head of one of the loveliest gullies in Fiji At the bottom of it a rivulet flows softly with gentle ripplings by lawn and lea to the sea, and the sides of the gully are clad with waving foliage, rich with the many leafed varieties that grow under the Southern CrosB. Falmtrees outlined their graceful stems against the deep blue of the evening sky. Bananas gave a solidity and depth of greenery to the fairy-like web of waving shapes. The bread fruit-trees, with their broad cut-up leaves, crowned the narrow heights, and hybiscus flamed its crimson flowers in the flash of hundreds of Chinese lanterns that glowed amid the trees, making the whole like a scene in a tale of the Arabian Nights. If a genie had raised his smoke-crowned head from the river, and waved a wand of magic power, causing the scene to vanish in the air, none of us would have been amazed, but all would have counted it as some wonderful dream of the night, a mystical delusion of the senses. The jiathway to the verandah was strewn with broad palm-leaves, and the Consulate was a mass of greenery. As we entered the monotonous chant made during kava pre paration broke on our ears. About thirty men were seated on the floor, and two women sat in the centre of them, crosslegged, and straining the gruesome liquid with a far-off look of solemn auxictv. As the Yongona root had been grated, the tonic properties of it were more strongly tasted, if I had to choose between two evils. I should certainly prefer the real aboriginal method of kava-malting. Many Europeans drink it regularly for its tonic properties. When young sailors first succumb to its se ductions, the smoking of the frail Seknia or dried banana-leaf is the last straw that lays them low. A Samoan meke was performed by seventeen beautiful Samoan women. They squatted crosslegged on the floor; in the centre sat one young man and one young girl, who beat time and music from a hollow piece of wood. As they beat the singers became excited, and a strong tempestuous treble throbbed and palpitated through the room. They beat time with knees, hands, and feet, and swayed their bodies to ana fro with sensuous motion to the giddy whirl of sound. Hair, eyes, limbs, and faceB seemed to twist together in fierce embrace, and then, with wild grimace and wailing, two of the women sprang to their feet and wheeled with wriggling limbs andimpetuouspacesthroughtheroom. When the beating ceased the singers sat motionless and exhausted^and the dancers dropped like stoneB into their places, nerveless and panting. The music seemed to rise again from where it failed, and with one long wail like the sighing of the wind it wore into a low sweet melody or dying love song. I called one of the women " My queen," she was so perfectly beautiful. She had placed with true artistic taste close to her dusky, rich- colou-ed, straight-featured face a great flaming crimson hybiscus that would have extinguished any pale face in the world, but only lit hers up with a glow of sunlight. Her eyes were luminous and full of strange fire that burned and glowed as the weird- music and passionate impulses moved her whole nature to ecstatic rapture. It is ahsurcUto talk of Christianizing these people and eliminating their savage instincts—as well ask the Ethiopian to change his skin or the leopard his spots. They are not supposed to learn the intricacies of meke dancing, and yet there is not a little child on the islands who will not prick his ears and caper ecstati cally to the mere suggestion of lalla-beating. It is the old, old story of what is bred m the bone coming out in the flesh. The women's dance was followed by a Fijian meke and a war-dance similar to the one described at Suva. Some simple soul asked of one of the reporters, " What do you think is the meaning of the Samoan dance?" "Meaning!" was the answer, and nothing more, but a world of explanation rang in the utterance of that one word " meaning," The return walk to the ship was one dream of beauty. The riverlet rippled and leaped silvery in the moonlight by the side of the path. The wind stirred gently among the branches of the treeB, and the shadows lay athwart the path in marvellous grotesque ness and variety, giving a weird uncanny look to the descent. The air was full of sweet spioy scents. A longing to swear the Lotos oath swayed and overcame us—we wished " In the hollow Lotus land to live and lie reclined." Sweet slumber is more sweet than active toil, and it is better far to rest from wandering in the silent depths of the tropics. But the steamlaunch snorted frantically under our feet,, and re called us to the sober fact that the night was merging into rosy dawn, and that in a few hours we should be steaming to Vuna Point, Taviuni, the third ittand in size of the Fijian group* ( To be continued. J 