Corredponrtence, ] In no sepse whatever do We. hold durselTos responsible .for any commanicatioosunder'tbe above heading.] ? : r ' ' '? '-THE SUGAR INDUSTRY. ? Si*,— In. the last issue of your paper there appeared a somewhat lengthy communication sigoed' A.'* Vaudeleur IRobinson, the | general tone of which sUmps the writer as a man who firmly believes that lie has passed through th'nt furnace which 'men who bear such aristo cratic names caunot avoid, if they j wish to learn what is termed 'colonial experience.' As I havo not the slightest Inteutiou of dicta ting to Mr'.-Robio son as to the best mode of carrying on his employers' business, j I will merely glance through the mazy sentences of hi? letter, lest by going'too closely I might get bushed (figuratively, speaking) amongst that chaotic effusion. As' I am neither a pub lican nor a — planter, but only a unit in tbo rank and file of the working populatibu, my purpose is not to defend Mr. Hynes, ] as that gentleman is pretty well competent to take nia own part, either on the plat form' or through the medium of the Press. I will, therefore^ with your. permission, analyse Mr. Robinson's' letter according to the light in' which it pre sents itself to my view. ilr. Robinson com mences his letter by quoting the old adage of 'Every man to his trade,;* and proceeds to apply.it' in a very different manner; from that which it is' commonly -nod palpably applied. Hetaccuses'Mr. Hynes of trying to teach the planters bow to carry on their businrss, and in the' next.breath he states a fact from Mr. Hynes' letter and practically admits that it is true that there is as much colored labor in the distirict'as lost year. . If such is the case, your readere should feel very grateful to Mr. Hynea'for this important statement, and I for onelwonld regret if men like him should cesae to lend their valuable aid/ in discussing the present state of affairs^and leave the argument with those whose interest i6 is to treat it from their point of view alone. Mr. Robinson seems to think tbat because business men in -town are not sugar planters, that, therefore, they should look calmly on at a time like the pressn't without making a sign, when every suggestion tbat throws light on the best mode of escape from the present depression should be earnestly discussed, no:matterirom what i source it may emanate. I think Mr. Robinson makes a huge mistake if he supposes that -other ipersons in the community, | outside of planters,- are not as much concerned in the question ofvsugar production as thoso who manage our large plantations for' absentee capitalists. To the narrow, intolerant mind of Mr. Robinson it appears the height of audacity for men like Mr. Hyues, who have sunk their all in'ihe- district, to'open their moutlia about tlie question of sugar production (i question which affects the value of property and the welfare of the district in general), and ventilate their opinions' through the local Press.: Mr. Uobiosou, iu speaking of those who liavo dc , Voted the best part of their lives and' money to the sugar industry, tries to pose as a sort of saccliarinc martyr, who has spent a for tune Mn tryiog to prove that sugar cao be grown with white labor. Now, I do not biow what amount of capital Mr. Robin son may have originally- expended o a. sugar speculation, but all common sense pcoplo will feci pretty certain that sugar is not such a badly paying concern as Mr, Roliinton and men like him, who try to frighten capital from the district, would would havo us helieye. That the capitalists here have the power and the will (as recent events have proved) to employ as liitlc labor as they possibly can no one. will venture to deny,— that theyp tn to a cert'iin extent create a d«prc#»ion (tooiporary though it may. be) is patent to every one. They are only carrying out : — ' ' ''IJhe good old j-ule, tho simple plan, 'That they shall lake who havo the power, . ' And they fchnll keep who can.' No.onb.can blame thcru for exercising their powers as much as they caiA but on the other hand they need not be surprised if the waking maojojserts his rigbt through the ballot boxes to place in power a Ministry, that will protect him from competition as ruinous as tlint which the Cliiuaman Is at present exercising in our district. ?' Every, man to his trade.' On tho first dky of September next that famous saw. of Mr. Robinson's will come into force, em bodied in. an Act of I'urJiameiit, and then I trust tbufc the trade for which kanakua weru brought here, viz., that of tropicaUgriculturc,. \- will be more strictly followed than heretofore, and the new^ land which is under crop (though Mr. liobinaon does not toll ua to what extent) will he benefitted by ^ho increased number of kanakas whose dismissal ? from occupation neither tropical nor agricultural will make room for a certain auiouut.ofj whiUs men * 'The planters do not eeiiui to be at all urateful for such a small kindness, otherwise they wbijjd'be a; little more anaioua about this additional; source of labor. If colored labor is only as ^plentiful in' this district as it was last year, jand the- cultivated area of land is tncreased,«then colored labor must bave con sec^oentK*, superseded white labor £n propor tion, 'antLfi^Pupply the mlace of those white m6yi,thaJ4-laoters aro ,cryia^\otft for Indian coolies, z&fed; how they p'oposu fo prociiri These' as long asinianliood ?uffrace\ is the law; of the land is a question wbich~.-a|p,'iRqbih6on«bould try and answer before he rushes into' print to condemn men whose common sense tells them that the planters might as well cry for the moon as to expect that Mr. Griffith will smash his pledges and flood the sugar districts of Queensland with Indian coolies. Suppose for instants that 2,000 Indian coolies were landed herd^cRubrraw, even if the white man stood calmly looking on, what would he the result? Either we must 'exclude European imtuigra tton if we admit Coolie3 or' we must exclude Coolies if we admit. Europeans. Would it be consistent to encourage Europeans 'here while at the same time we were planting our splendid country withVa race which has proved its hatred of English rule in horrid butcheries of British men, women and children daring the Indian Mutiny ?. Would the Coolie submit to all the indignities and hrmiliations. which the. poor, simple, uncivilized kanaka! suffers? In Mauritius where Coolies are as numerous as Autumn leaves iu Ynllambrosa'— where' the white planter on his plantation holds lovely swaj\0Ter his dusky retainers — where ' no European colonization exists as compared with Queensland— where, no. Griffith ghost disturbs the planters dreams— the sugar industry is suffering av much, if nob ? more, pecuniarily speaking, ias it is here in this land oif political turmoil. - Ar.d yet, Mr. Robinson tells us, they in Mauritius are applying for 20,000 more coolies from India to enable them (the planters) to carry on a [better system of farmrng. If it takea-20,000 coolies every bad1 season in Mau ritius, what will be Mr. Robinson's figures for coolies for Mackay district every time the crop is not flourishing from want of- a better system of fanning ? Turning from Mr. Robinsonjs bad 10S'®» I find that his sense of etiquette is quite on a par with his blundering arguments, for to him alone.is due the unenviable distinction of using. (as an accredited ngent of the (planters) the^ rather ungentlemanly term of niggerdriver, which appears to be culled from what is gene rally called :' the slang dictionary.' Jf we are to gouge 3Ir. Robinson's interest in the sugar industry by bis choice of names which do not appear among the occupations on. the! recently : published! scale; of ;wages, then, .indeed, his interest in the sugnriindustry is as direct as that of Mr. Hynes* in the prosperity of the district.: If every man stuck to his trade in the narrow sense in which Mr. Robinson asos it, then all the great, men who havo risen from iobscurity. (I don't know whether Mr- Robinsdn classes himself among tliom) would never hnve been any more; than mere atoms, undistinguishablo among the masses of their fellow-men. With* regard to. Mr. Robinson's significant failure to reply to Sfr: Hynes'iossertion that improvident farmiug whs'the principal cause of thejbnd cop, it is so patent in his lettertbatl shall let to condemn itself. As to his failure to grow sugar: by white labor,' it must be due to other causes tnac that pij paying exorbitant wages to men: who- .were So! foolish as to run away from them. However, ;Mr. Robinson has his revengcj for he can see white mon now running awayj not from High WAg»s,; bat from the other extreme of starvation! rate. A stern, fact'sfares jus in the face, and it is', that in Mackay, and i« Mackay alone, hate the wages of the .white inen beon reduced. [Does not sugar pay as well in Mac kay as in the other sugar districts ofQueensl »nd? ? Passing by the boiler irv Mr, Robinson's yard (another proof of Griffith'* :bad government, : which, by tlie way has not Itad a fair jtrial yet)' I would n?k, are not; white men able to under take the drainage works which his (company contemplate] or. are they waiting the advent of coolies to copmbuce operations ? Once for all, : let the advocates of colored labor make up their minds that the only way oat of !the diffi culty is the settlement of, white men on.; the land, the -real wealth producers who go to make the bone and sinew^of the nation, whose brain and. muscle have ere now psrformed works of which the Indian coolie, thejploddiug Celestial, or the simple kanaka, are as incap able as Mr. Vandeleur Robinson is of consider ing the causes which make men look to ; the future welfare of the.country, and not sacrifice it for the gratification of a few years' bubble prosperity ,; the success of a f^w hungry specu latorsj or the establishment of a shoddy aristo cracy to lord, it over a servile :race. | J I am, Sir, &c.;, . ' } | , O. KELLY. ? 