MIS0ELLA.NE0US ITEMS. OniI.HBl!-f POIHOVHB OT THIIB MoTRBB. - The New Plymouth correspondent of tho New Zealand Herald reports that Mrs Plumridgo (better known as Miss Hi?gina), a ha'f -cirte, wpll-known in Wellington, and lueklund, poisonod herself and two children with strych nine at about half- past 8 o'olock a.m. on the 7th April It appeared she came into New I'lymoutVi recently and purchased (1 e drachms of strychnine to poison rat), us she said. Her brothrr George Tnvlor, was in the house, nnd also a Mnori boy named Xouri. Pavlor hi.iLrrl nnn of the hove retchiner and went in to sco him Mm. Plumridgo rent him to tho constabulary camp fcr assistance, but did not ray anything about poison fcud when ho returned ho found the mother and the other boy poisoned also, f o-ue letters and a wrirten statement as to the cause of tho poi-oning were left by the unfortunate wimio, whioh were taken possession of by tin police.. Major Atkinson on Fbdhbation. — Major Atkinson, the Premier of New Zealand, addrosEed his con-tituonts at Hawrra on the 7th April, and in thn course of his speech (reported in the N-w Zealand Herald) thus referred to tho question ot federation: 'The French Govenunert were laying claim to protty wo'l all tho islands in tho South r*eas between New Zealand and P innmn, und only recently they claimed an Maud, i''apa, which, hod a wonderful harbour, and lay right in the path of steamers from Punamaio New Zealand. The Panama Ga^al would be finished in a few years, and the question was, was our high road 'o tho ' ild World to bo at tho mercy of a foreign nation ? '?' ha difficulty wns that the Imperial Government would listen to nothing hut the united voice of Austril. i'ii What, then, were the colonies to do? Canadian federation was impossible, but was it not desirable for the colonies to federate in order to prevent these islincU being seized and populated with French criminals? Tt was said that New Zialanu should mind itB own bu«ines!« ins'ead of going in for federation, but he claimed thut it was their business to oee to this important question. If Now Zealand did not join the Australian cplosies, there would be the Australian f.'dera Hod, and Now ZeaKnd would havo nothing to say in the control of the islands in which she was 'eriously interested ' A SrittlTr/ALlST TNsusKtD. -An amusing defeat of the imerican spiritualist, Mr. Bastian, ii announced from Vienna, wli-rc (says the Pull Mall Oazelte) for some lime the eminent medium bai been tho rame of much dincusnion among the higher and highest cIucbps of society. Tho Orown Princo of Ausrr a and Archduke John having determined to oound tho mj steries of Mr Ba?tian's art arranged three seances at tho Archduke's residence. The first was held wilhout any revelations, but before the seco d meeting began preparations were secro ly made to Citch tho gho-t in a trup. After the select, audience had gatherod in a dimly-lighto i room a spirit clad in a gai-b o1' mourniig silently entered, while tho modi ira was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fust asleep. This room waa separated from that in which ?.hn flllr1inp.nf- vena nnomhlpH hv ft rni-'ainprl doorwuy through whioh the ghest passed. In thin entrance the onspiritors, however, had fixed a secret door, which thoy could shut silently and insta-tly by touching a sprit. g. Whilo the mournful ghost was flitting before tho atvo struok assembly this door suddenly shut nnd the ghost, who stood revealed as Mr Bastian, vainly endeavoured to make his enoapo. The merriment of tha company knew uo bounds when the medium's shoes alone wore found in the rext room, where a fe v m -m nr.si beforo Mr Bastian had been lying in mesmeric sleep. The dopreasio'i in spiriluulUtie circles is naturally very great.' The Dutch, on tiie Apnkxatiok of New Guinea.— Iho Durch, w.'o*e ohief fuult wbb once opigrammatic-illy described us consi-tini; in 'giving too little and askiug too much,' are presumably the last p rple likely to view with favour any extonsion of our competition with them in the Kaat ndies. Thoi never lik-d our preaonce at S.rnwik, and they Eti'l more hfartily detest our recent uc'ion in tho North Ka-t of Borneo. And yet thoy aro just enough to iickriowlcdge what our own Colonial Office i» so loth lo recognise — the justice of the action of Queensland iu annexing the eastern half of New-Guinea Hero is whit th' Java Soda »itys on the subject, after pointing out tuat Holland hns never pretended to a-y sovereignty oyer more than the western part of the ' island :— ' The annex ition effected by the, Government of Queensland is a peaceable lawful, aid jumifiabl' moisure. Of the nuoiorous and m.nitold acts wilh which the European Powers iu 'hi centu y of lapiie and violence h^vn exorcis d japacious sove reignty either at h-inae or in the tropicB, this acquisition of territory ia certainly one of the moBt harmless. Not a single treat: is brolon by it ei her in spirit or letter. Hence this formal taking poiseesion is far more elraightforwjrd and righlf.l than the annexation tf Noith Borneo under tho guUe oE a charter (o a trai ing company. Not a eiugle interest ie injured by it, save perhips that of the sjvage inhabi tuuts, But -.s it forms no part of tho coloniul policy of Christian powers - much Icbb that of Mahon.mudan and Huddh st ones to pay any attention to such trifles as 'lie desires or interests of a few ravages, convinced as the whites are that their com ng is in i'Belf a bltssing— we will no funhar enk'ge on it. The claims or righ's of other civilised na'ions — tho uncivilised, us has been said, rot being taken into account -are not at all curtailrd therehy. In short, the affair is fully in order, and there is no reason for us to raise an alarm. John Bull puts another pieo? of lint into his roomy pookets, aud we have n .thing more to do than compliment him sincerely ou this fr Bh proof of hn enterprise, hiu practical fore th'Uuht, and his insatiable hunger for land.' — European Mail PnorosED Ambndmemt o? the Law op Kvidencb. — Two bills (a-iys tho Manchester Guardian ot Februiry 26) have already been brought in, ono to the Lords and the other to the Commons, to amend tho luw of ovidence in criminal cases by allowing priso'.orj arid thoir wives i.r husbundu to lo cillt'd us witnesees. That of Lord Dram well prof. s-ps to uiaio (.very person oharged with aa offence, or the wifo or the hu-'iind, a c mpatent but not. a compel lable ^ it n -es nt everr stage of the proceedings. As a proviso, it is added that the consent of the person charged must first be obiainfd before tho wife or husband can bo ca'led into th) wit ness box. Hut if the acoujed offers himself as u witness he will have no right to refuse to answer any questions because they would tend to criminate. 'lho oth r bill, brought in- by . the Home Sfeore.ury and tha Law ,. (Ifllcer.., arrives at much tho Bum* result,- but is more critioua. It would enublo a prisoner, or thn wife or husband of oni-, to give evidence, if tho prisoner ttioiuht fit, whioh comes to tho name thing ns saying thut they should be compotent but n t compel luble witnesses But thn bill guard- th» interests of the uooused by providing that such a witnurB BhftU not be »»ketl, or, if ui-ked, shall not bo re quired to answer any question tnnding tishow i hjtt any d&fandant; has commi'tol uny offence other ihan that wherewith ho is ttien charged, so that any defendant is of bai charao or unions Buch defendant has given ovidonco of good oharaeter Thii proviso would prevent rc-nut cd ppreOi;s, or their husband* of wives fr^m being as\nd about previous conviction', or generally about any other ofCr'noes, whilo it would also prevent the putting ol questions us to char aoter, all of whioh woul ' app irently bn possible under Lord . BrimweH'o Bih' Upon the legal presumption of in nocenoe the ' character of an aooused poriun cannot b' consido- od nr inquired int ) unless and until ho has, by giving evidence of h's own g'od charaokr, raisi-d tho question hirnse'f. It is now genomlly aduiitt d that the only way to do complete jiitt o» aid at thu s-imo time to g-t out of tho dil 'mma . i I i-tAtemi-nts by prisoners and iheir counsel is to a'low all pcrsous accused of off nces to bo heird as vti nesses. ? Tux complotcst bit of incongruity happonoi tha other day, A divorce cuae was going on in the Supremo Court, and tho judge had just proriounood tho eonteoomvhieh separated man and wifo, when a niorry marriago peal burtt forth from the bolls of fit. John's. Tho grim nosB of tho joko was so evident that a broad Bmila pervaded tho facfB of M in that court.— ?« Town Talk ' in Tho Week. 