. traveller. ? . . Three Weeks in .Southland, N.Z. By Frank Mohmy. . (Continued.) Worn Kingston to Queenstown the scenery imparativeljr tame for Lake Wakatip; j. although, if the touriBt were to limit his ex oursion to Qaeenstown, he would probably \- be under the impression that the gorges and ^ ' mountains that he passed in review as the . little Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature undetdiffioul . , . ties. Every quarter of a mile or so a minia ture cascade would oome tumbling down from the mountains, and somo of them' never v reached the Lake at all bat Were frozen in their course,' and remained hanging like a \- .silver thread partly lost amid the ..dense . : growth of cabbage palms, ferns, and scrub, , whioh clothed the western slope of the moan-. \- tains from the water's edge. - . ? Although TeimvB'on, so far as I know; never v!sited Lake Wakatip,. he has desonbed the appearance of those tiny rivulets to per ~ faction in the Lotos Eaters — . . ' Like a silver thread the slendor stream ? To fall, and pause, and fall again did seem.' About half-way between Kingston and Queens town tho river Loohy comes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow-capped mountains, whioh stand like sentinels watoh ing tho river as it rushes over its shingly bed to minglo its waters with the mighty Wakatip. This is called Half-way Bay — a very prosaio name for the first romantic spot whioh greets tho traveller on his way to tho more. gor- geous scenery at the head of tho lake. In tho meantime the littlo Mountaineer i3 steaming along past the Bnow-oapped moun tains whioh appear to olose in behind hor, and in .front present an impenetrable wall, wherd 'Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise 1 ' until the very grandeur of the scene Incomes monotonous, and I descend into the little ! cabin, where I find my oommcroial friend sound asleep over a yellow baok novel, on the crimson oushions of the cosy littlo saloon. I also' endeavor to become interested in a French novel whioh I had picked up pro miscuously in a Sydney book-stall ; and if the novel was not quite so enthralling as the titlo of- ' La Femme do Oire ' would lead ono ..to expect, it waa certainly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the ' ladies and gentleman New-Yorkais,' whioh were per haps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenohmari the average 'gentleman New- Yorhais' mar ries one week and is divorced tho next. Hia life is a choice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered ' aveo lo re volver.' , The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chaptcr playfully knocks one ot nis wife'B teeth out, and artistically cuts off her left ear. He then dieappears into tho Bocky mountain*, from whcnce he despatches a band of Bed Indians, who oaptuve his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her invitation, aro enjoying the delights of ' un bal masquf I' The body ot a woman iB subsequently found floating in tho river, and is identified as Miss IdaRiokard (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Miss Ida, which ia an addition^proof of tho author's familiarity with AmeriflH manners and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body, has been identified; and he is about to be arrested when he coolly walks into the detective office with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Biokard is still alive, ho is about to be hanged, to the great satiBfaotiori of a Tankee mob, who are yelling for his blood, when Ida Biokard herself turns up. The living Ida Biokard- and the dead Ida Biokard are as muoh alike as Crnaor and Pompey ; and the new-oomer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a precisely similar man ner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, James GobBon, is now released amid the en tjrasiastio acclamation of the mob whioh, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs. GobBon are re-married, and the presumption iB that the playful Gobson. will now proceed to out off his wife's other ear and knook out another tooth or so, in the acoustomed man ner of the 'gentlemen New-Yorkais.' But a jretarnaturally aoute detective, William Dow, (till persists in believing that James Gobson has killed hia wife ; so he haa a oast of the dead Ida Biokard taken in wax; and this ' Femme de Cire ' playa a very im portant part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married hia deceased wife's sister. Then he had out off his deceased wife's siBter's ear, and knocked out ono of his deceased wife's siater's teeth in order to make the re semblance of the twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries hiB deceased wife's siBter, pretending that she is his deceased wife, whom he thus praotically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobaon is hanged; but it would have been much better if ho had been hanged in the first ohapter, both for the writer and reader of this remarkable novel. But while my friend the commercial is snoring on one aide of the littlo saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and fromthe littlo windowB of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, whioh appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reaoh Queenstown about i o'clock, and a most charming littlo hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, baoked by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions. As our steamer slowly mado for the little jetty wo had time-to take a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too oloBe to lose the effeot of the Bceno as a whole. To our right, aa we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums — a tree whioh seema to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia ; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much at home in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the deok of the steamer and look over the little peninsula whioh helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass whioh shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic crosB-out saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over which some playfnl Titans had scattered flour in sport.- These are ' the Bemarkable Mountains ; ' but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains whioh aro visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor baoked ; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white Bnow whioh' vainly tries to oling to the smooth, shining surface, springing np almost perpendicularly until loat in the clouds and mists. They, are old and haggard looking ; soarred and seamed, and torn with the storms 'and tempests, and frosts.of ten million years or more; but they -are no more remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which orowd and jostle eaoh other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time we are at the QueenBtown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabi tants ot Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are. thereto witness our disembark ation. Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to QueenBtown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial Btepa on shore. He is bound for the Arrow, a mining township about .fifteen miles futther on, and the' centre of a considerable diggings, about whioh the name of the. Bhotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to.Eichardt'a hotel, where we drink our. first whisky sinoe leaving the Elbow. The hoBpitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion aa an old acquaintance ; and as I have only.a limited time at my command, she advisea me to go on by the boat to tlie head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steam boats. At 5 o'olook, then, the third whistle of the Mountaineer (whioh, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and rever berates from the hills, and advises all pas sengers to embark. It was nearly dark when we backed away, from the , Queenstown . wharf. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow-draped gianta looked like so many ghosts brooding over some, blaok tarn in a gigantic spirit land.. Now- we are swal lowed up in the darkneaB, and tho last lights of Qaeenstown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky Waok water, of which one is only eonsoious by the percep tion of an added blaokness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, which, disappearing sternword, '.we presume to be the rocky, shore of 'the. lake within reach,, almost, of on .outstretched hand; while high above pur head, and apparently overarohing Jhe-lake, and reaohing. out to me«t each. othqr in the gloom, are huge masses of darkness visible; these we instino tivoly accept as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only visible be oause more blaokly invisible than the murky vault abovo them. In Buch a scene as this it must have been that Edgar Allen Poo conceived his mystioal poom, Ulalumo : — ' The Bkios they were ashen and sober ; Tho loaves thoy were orispfid and sere — The leaves they were withering and sere ; It was night in the lonesome October Of my most immemorial year. It waa hard by tho dim lake of Auber, In tho misty mid region of Weir — It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghoul- haunted woodland of Weir.' In such a scene aa this the poet wandered ' through an alley Titanic of cypress ' with Psvcha hia soul. But it reauirea the soul of a poet to extraot the hidden beauties of such a eceno aa thia. Hidden they are indeed ; for there is absolutely nothing but darknesa visible, unless what may be visible ' to the mind's eye, Horatio.' But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been upon tho bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Lako Navigation in particular. Tho ship's certificate, hanging at tho head of the companion-woy, gives us the following information about our oaptain and his vessel : — .' Name of tho ateamor : Mountaineer. Port of registry : Dimedin. Name of master : Edward Thomas Wing. Blistered tonnnge : 66. And I may aa well acknowledge at onee that I was very muoh exercised in my mind as to tho reason why suoh a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, has 'sailed the ocean blue ;' and who, moreover, is a gonial, worthy gontleman, should bo content to navigate Lako . Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what ho is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post whioh is cer tainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to be sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is leas difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I Bhould think it would be much moro hazardous. Hero we are now Bteaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomablo depths. Weoannot Bee the rooky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hun dred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These-two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in ac cordance with the serpentina twists of the lake — or rather tho lake altera to suit their contortiona. Rigfit in front of us, and stretching aorossthe lako from wall to wall— we oannot say from shore to shore, aB thero is practically no shore — are a series of rooky islands, through whioh, in tho blackness of darkness, the oaptain, by some sort of blood instinot or inspiration, has to thread his way, Ocean navigation is mero ohild's play to this. Hero, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direction, or past a oertain point (which point in tho darkness oan only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of rook; and if she were the Great Eastern herself sho would bo swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if tho oaptain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Polo, or wherever he likes into illimi tiblo waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To de continued.) ° 