E&oser; Tickle and the Snabe. On a corner allotment, in a truly rural locality, not more than four miles in a direct Unetrom. the General Poet Office, lives a city gentleman with a bald head and a small family ; by name, Roger Tickle. He is a pillar of the church, 'and attends tho services with commendable regularity — as a rule ; but, rising late one Snnday morning, a few weeks back, he found the day promising to be very hot, and resolved to stay at home. So he breakfasted in dishabille, and amused himself for a couple of hours pottering about his back garden. Shortly after 12 o'clock, being reminded by his wife that dinner time was approach ing, he proceeded to take a bath preparatory to dress ing. Roger's bathroom is a detached weatherboard structure, built next the side fence, with a small high window overlooking the street. Divesting himself of bis garments, which, he threw on. the Soor, ha enjoyed his ablutions and dried hiniRelf, and was about to resume his clothes, when, horror I there, coiled com fortably upon the heap, lay a Enake, its leaden coloured back shining in the rays of the eun which glinted through the window. Now, if there was one thing in the world more than another calculated to strike terror into the heart of the unhappy Roger Tickle it was the sight of a snake, and beads of perspiration started out on the bald part of his head immediately. JTiq position was most awkward, not to say perilous. Here he was, stark naked, with a snake guarding his clothes, and no weapon at hand wherewith to attack the reDtile, or even defend himself should the reptile attack' him. It is probable that, regardless of eonse cuences, fioger would have opened the door and made a bold rush into the house, but the door-latch being broken, he had thrown his clothes against it to keep it closed, and the snake, therefore, effectually barred escape in this direction. There remained but the window, and this, alas ! opened into the public street ; and the spectacle of a bald-headed gentleman running through the street without any clothes on, was almost as alarming to think of as the snake. Casting his eyes despairingly about, Roger beheld, hanging npon a nail, an old overskirt which had been left there by the washwoman ; and as a forlorn hope ho seized thus and elipped it on. It was a ragged concern, and only reached to his knees ; and he felt such a guy in it that he was about tothrow it off again, when a slight movement on the part of the enake startled him to that extent that ' he went half-way through the window at a single bound. But here he checked himself, for with his eyes staring open to twice their usual width, he saw the Highlow family (his near neigh bours) returning from chnroh on the opposite Bide 61 the road. The dilemma had now reached a climax. With a humiliating exposure in front, and a live snake in the rear, he was on the point of giving up the ghost, whon a rustling sound in the bathroom roused him to action; and, to the unspeakable amazement of the Highlow ladies ' he scrambled out of the window, dropped bare-legged and bare-beaded on to the street and ran for his life. A stray dog was passing at the time, and took after the Btrange appa rition, barking furiously. With ekirts streaming in the wind, and the dog at his heels, Roger tore round the oorner at the rate of 30 miles an hour, and seizing1 the top of nis garden gate, bounded over it like the serial queen in a circus. A nursegirl stood in the verandah with the baby, but failing to reoog niae her master, she ran screaming into the bouse and banged the door in his face. By this time the stray dog had got. through the fence, and there ensued another exciting race round to the back. Here the persecuted man effected an entrance, and with the little breath left is Mb body he explained matters to his wife, and retired to invest himself in becoming costume. The snake was seen no more, and alfchomgh Roger has met the Highlows emoe, they have never mentioned the matter, and the impression remains on their tniadB to this day that it was a case of temporary inBanity. Perhaps tins paragraph will relieve their minds. ? . . ? 