Sftetcher. ltlack Bess. Bv Murs. M. L. IUy.ne. —Detroit I-rer l'rfs.1. it ft drcftm ? AVo certainly did not think so at tUo Umo t nor lmvo I, ir all tho yonra tliat Imvo gono by since, bad occasion ta cliango my mind about it. In- deed, tho conviction that it wns not a dronm has grown with my growth and strengthened with my strength, nnd tho prominence which it assumes ns a part of the events of tho past confirms and sus tains that conviction. If not a dream, what was it t Thero are certain psychological conditions in penplo of abnormal temperament in which pheno mena nro recurrent nnd iincxplni/inblo. You may not bo ablQ to see, ghosts in disembodied[spirits with your natural sight, but when tho friend of years tells you with thn most solemn assevera tions thnt soma one long since dend has appeared to him in bodily shapo, will you daro to deny his word or nfiirm thnt it was n delusion ? Tho oyes ara wonderful mediums of vision, nud tho soul is an occult philosopher, nnd "There aro moro things in Henven and earth, Horatio, Than aro dreamt of in your philosophy." The Scotch pcoplo aro believers in second sight. My mother wa? n liucal descendant ot tho old Scotch Covenanters, a grand, strong woman, with out (apparently) n weakness of sentiment or eupor utition. How gloriously oho whipped us when vrn woio Inya, not in a temper, like n virago, but with tho calm force of n Spnrtnn mother, until wn had U'Sinu-il to abhor lies and tale-bearing, mid wore Mo to conquer effectually tlio largo deposit of tho old Ad.im which muddled our moral natures. Wo worts a largo family, ono of tlio old-fashioned kind, regular nnd numerous ns stops to a stair. When my elder sister wns married and living at home I wns n littlo fellow in roundabouts, Mid 1 often thought—with perhaps n slight lingo of dis. Hstis.fnetifln—that it wns like having two uiothora nt onco. * Next to my sister camo the prido and honor of our family, Roderick, my oldest brother. Ho was a tall, fnir-hairetl lad of 22. but llkn a man of tho world in all his ways. Ho was our business head, sinco my father's death. My father was a minister of tho old kirk, and preachod till ho died. Roderick was to havo been n minister, too, lmt ho always said no ; tlto world's work was j best for him, and it wns whon ho was doing his ! best work in the business ranks, buying ond sell ing nud making n clean heap of money to add to Iho old citato—well might wo younger ones )>o proud of our braw elder vrolhor;" nnd then it was mother had her dre.im 1 I Rut etas it a dream ? ', Our mother was not a dreamer, nor did wo know olio had any gift of second sight. Oftor, wo would sit about her in tho gloaming and hog her to tell im pcrio stnrioa of fetches and appearances, but sho never did, declaring all such foolish gotsip ns pernicious to out minds. So sbo sung us heroic songs Instead, or recited tho valiant deeds of hor ancestors on tho field of Kloddon, or tohl us Biblo stories thnt wero Hko romances as she related them iv her stom, denp voico and commanding manner and strong Scotch idiom. But as often ns wo dared, ono or another would summon couraga to say in tho half dialect wo used in tho family; " Mithcr, toll ua what jo saw whin fnythcr deod." Then her eyes would glow like two livo coals tloep in her head, and her voice would sound as if it came from somo great distance, and sho would say in that still, soft way that has some thing hushed nnd awful in It: " Vo'll no roniomlicr the day. But to mo it's as clear ns yestreon, I wanr biding at homo alone, for you, Allan, wnur a baby. It waur a Saltliath, and your fnytuer preached as ho ayo did at OrdequiU Kirk, mid it wanr not time for them to be back whin I l.mkit out and saw.your father coom up tho hill j ho wnur palo as death, an' I thocht it waur his Inst sickness, ho looklt that ghostly white." " An' thin, mithcr ? " we would hurry her with, ns sho Mopped and looked down. " Tlie.ro;s nothing moro to tell," alio would say wearily. "It woiir no your faylhcr at all; ho died i' th' pulpit, n half hour afterward, wi'oul a word of warning. What I saw como up tbo walk and which never camo in nt tho door waur bis wraith enmo to giro mo warnin', Now, children, rin una, and vex mo no m.ilr." When ye younger ones spoko to Roderick about it ho nln-nys said mother waR overtired nnd dreamed Hint, but wo bad not settled it in our own minds when what follows happened. Roderick had Wen away for a week on somo business of land selling he was engaged in, and we wero expecting him lionv.i on a Saturday night in time for supper with thu family. But ho did not como, nnd wo wero all more disappointed than wo cared to own. Mother did not say much, lmt sho looked worn nnd put oul. Her room was n small bedroom olTtlio living room, arid sho left a hot fire burning, for the night was cold and dreary, and sfio knew Roderick would ho wet with tho heavy winter fog that hung over everything without. Wo did not lock or liar tho door, a precaution, in deed, thnt wo seldom took, and expecting to boo Roderick in tho morning, wo nil went to bod to meet again nttho brcalifast table. Thnt morning mother was lato, a most uncom mon thing for her, My sister had spokon with her, nnd sho was getting her clothes on, so wo all sat around tho table with our porridgn-howls bo foro -is, and waited for tho blessing which began onch nioal, and without whioh wo dared not touch spoon or knifo. When mother camo she looked around tho fable and naked quickly .- " Is no Kodorick doon yet 1" "No, mil her," said.linny, "Roderick is nn at home the morn, sin ho did na'come yestreen." "But ho did coom," said mother, "ho's up yon now, uleejiin', Vo need nn disturb him," and she bunt her stately head in its widow's cap and in voked that blessing of which wo hnd novcr yet heard ono word. That it was all right wo had no doubt,—wo took it upon trust. Ihoalifast was nearly ovor, whon mother looked nt mo nnd said : "Bin nop, Allan, and wake, your brither." ?My pos-ridgo was good nnd l' had " happed on " n teaspoon of sugar when my sister was looking the other way, so I whined: " Slnd Robbie, mithcr; ho's through wi' tbo vittlcs." Mother looked at mo. Iroscexpcditiouslyonough then, and went np tho well-worn stairs tliros nt n tiran, whistling tho air of "Bonny Kilmony." I then kicked on Bodcrick's door onco or twice. No answer. Next I knocked decently, and called, " Koderick 1 boost in? " Thnro was dead silence. I opened tho door a little, then wider. Thero was no ono there, and tho bed hnd not boon slept in. I went down stairs and told my story. My mother roso up wrathfnlly and said in hor sternest voico: " An' yev'a been trilling I'll warm your jacket, Allan!" But 1 was not nfraitl. Sho did not find Rode rick nny moro than I did. " Awa' to tho barn," slio said, as sho came down ; " he'll bo thero, happon." But no Koderick was there. " How coom vo to think as how the lad was at hamo?" asked .Jinny, ns sho cleared the table. " I saw him," answered mother, solemnly ; " I snw hint wi' my twa ecu. Ho coom in nboot twnl o' the clock, and I spake wi' him, hut I mind ho didna answer. Happen he's dead, as hia ftiythor nan nfore him. Ayo, Roderick, my sou, my son I" AH unconsciously alio used tho pathetic words of King David, and wa children wero thrilled as if a weird prophesy hnd lioen spoken. All but Jinny; aim wna "not n romantic young woman, and she hnd no superstition; so sho said whiles sho folded tho cloth: " Yo drenmed it, mithcr." "Aye! ns 1 dreamed about your fftjthcr, if yo call that dreaming," respondod mother. " Thero ho is now," cried Jinny, pointing to the window, "cooming up tho hill on a gallop. Bin, children, and open tho gato to him." "That Koderick!" I cried, contemptuously. " Why, tlmt'fi a oonl-black horso, and ho rodo awny on n sorrel marc. Nn, nn, thnt is nn ma gudo big brither." But indeed it was, ns I saw a moment lntor when ho roso iv his stirrup? and waved his cap to mother in tho doorway. I ducked under hor arm—our mother was a woman of largo stature—and ran away to meet my brother. How good nnd hnndsomo ho looked as ho put his hand down to help mo on tho saddle bow in front of him. " Mithcr thocht you wanr deed," wns my first foolish roinark. " Not yet, littlo brother," ho i>nid, laughing lightly, " nor likely to lie, plonso God ;" ho doffed his cap as ho spoko. Mother waited on him nt his Into breakfast with hungry eyes, und Jinny piled up tho barley cnko?. ouch ono hotter than tho other. " You woninn folk spoil mo," ho said, Iwtwccn the niouthfuls. " Now mo nin mithcr, what wnur it yo dreamit nboot mo ? " " It was nn adrcoin," said mother. "Ah, noo yo ken it wns," paid tho laughing laddie, "or if it plonses yo to call it n vision, whnt waur the vision ?" " Yo will laugh nt mc, thin," said mother, in a low voico, " but if ever I saw yo nlivo wi' ma twa ecu, 1 saw yo Inst nicht at twnl o' the clock as plain as I do noo." "An' what wns I doing, mither?" Wo nil gathered, wide-mouthed nnd Btnring, to bear what mother would say. " I will nn Nny a word," remarked mother, with sudden anger, " if a' body laughs ; en' it a dream if yo want, but listen respectful liko, whiles I talk." Tho Scotch aro not a nation of gigglors. Li a moment our faces wero as set as flint. "It waur nicht, dark nicht," began mother, "and I lied kep' nwnko lislonin', listenin' for Din boy to coom, for you kon it's the first time ho has over disappointed mc, nnd I expected him every moment, hsppen naught hnd gono wrnng. I wnur wido nwnko nn' watchm' the tiro i' tho chlni nev-placo, nnd while? I thocht of him, and whiles I thocht of his fayther ho is so vera like, an' then tho door opened sudden like, and ho walked in and went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an' I did'nn speak yet; ho took oft his great-coat, nn' I saw it was'nn wet, an' I wondered what hnd kept him dree; bo hung his cont over n chair—yo know it's your way of doin'—an' ho took oil' his neckerchief nnd hung that on tho chair, too, mi' stood ower the cortls nnd shivered ; thin I called,'Aro ye cold, lad?'nnd you nnvor spnke, nor turned your head—an' yo wero that piilo I thocht ye waur faint v' ridin'." "And what became of uxo or my double?" nskod Roderick ga'dy. " Thnt I ennna toll. I knew no more, for my mind was easy at your bein' nt hamo, an' I slept till Into this mormn'." .'.?"..'""Mi'i. " Tlut ?Uβ did," said Jinny. " Bnt where waur you, Itodorick, tlin liicht? " ' : "At Bailie Ulavcrhack'e, who once wont n-courtin' our Rood mither hero when blio wwir a Flip of a lass. .'-Eh, mithor? I'll warrant yo cnii Mu?h yet, liko ? rose i' tlio ??n." " Yo grncelos* ladl " said she, with the love light in bnr eyoa as sho followed his every motion, so proud and fond nf Mm in his bravo mnnhnod. '? M\i now, nilthcr, yon'v> nfl?n tiannt ?aid 'tint ono story ii> good till ? >r Is told.' I rode t?n miles over the ln-Ailui- nnd bracken to get hnnio this morn and hero I ntn, not deed at n' Tinr (ittin to l>o. Ko you r'o drnnin or vision i.i nt fault this time. Now, como out all o' yo nnd tec tlio hrnvft black iitecd tlmt !? to fill the norrcl limro's jilncn. Hlfink Hobh i? n licnnty, unci I got her at an even dickrr." " A blank horso in an unranuy liaint," paid my mother, grncfitlly. "Look* liko a ruuto nt a fuu'ral," intorponod Robliio. " Whiai," enid .Jinny, rhnrply, " you'ro enough to kill ono in your dismal rlavorin', Oaii? awa intn the Kunshino, nnd get tha M.tck man out of your thochti." It was a brifjht moniing niter the fog, and wo thronged out with a will to up* tho now jiurchaiio, mother with fnthor'e jilaid over her fthoulder/i, thn rout ol tin barchended and full o( prnnks. Kodorick brought oirt tho horse, a mettlesome creitiut;, with much wliito to Iho balls of her oynj, and tier elcok earn laid well liack. Pruticin? nml currotirig, she went tho rounds of tlio yord, ltodorick holding tho haltrr ?trap with a firm grip. Suddenly lllaok l?es? cast a nhoe. " Pick it up for luck," wl>iKt>f red Hohliio. "Tako tho lmller, All.\n, A iiaiil Hodorick. I wan niortiilly afraiil of the tonerinp t>OASt, but morn afraid to disobey my brother, and I stopped tip gingerly nnd held tho halter while the uncanny creature sniffed at mo suspiciously. Roderick ntooped at that moment to jiick up Iho nhon. Ho ita.i laughing, mayliap, at my sacred face, for tho black bruto givvo a lunge, a violent kick, nnd landed mo on tlin wood-pilo. Then she ruihed to tlio barn. I Bcrabbled down and ran up to Koderick. Tho ihoo was in his hand, ho was still Piuiling. but thero wasn settling in all his limbs, and in a moment ho l?y in n heap nt our feet, dowl—aye, dead, nnd tho smile frxiwn on hi? faco t It was so awfully sudden that wo could not jt first believe it, and even trlinn they told n* that the imjirint of that bruto lwnst's foot was found over Ins heart wo hnpml against hope that ho might survive All but mother. I am mi old uiiui and my hair in lint while, but I'll never for got, no never, how she stood nnd looked nt him without a tear or a sigh, and said t'> herself over and over: " It wanr na dream ! It wanr nn drenm ! " 