THE report of the Minister of Education for the year 1883-4: was laid before Parliament on Tuesday night, and from its contentB information can be colled of considerable interest. to the public. The impression which the figures at first sight convey is that the .State grip upon the children within the school «ges is not as extended or resolute as could be wished. Bat the explanation' given is that the ^attendances of. the same children at different schools have been gradually winnowed out, thus making the latest figures more reliable; and there is every reason to believe "that this explanation is correct. If so, then the slight increaee in the figures must not be taken to show that the system is not making that progress which the steady increase in the population would lead everybody to suppose, but that we are getting the real facts now, where before the statistics were to no inconsiderable extent fictitious and misleading. As the returns stand, there is an increase shown of 15 schools daring the year,.and an increase of 51 in the average attendance—from 118,279 in 1882-3 to 118,328 in 18834—but a falling off of 517 in the number of children enrolled,* the totals "in" this '^aee f being -222,945 in 1882-3, and 222,428 m in the year 1883-4. As the population keeps on developing in numbers,' there would be no progress, bat'rather the reverse, shown by theee returns if based Vpon tfye roughrand-ready method which formerly prevailed, in the collection of these; statistics.. But if every duplicate or triplicate entry is now made into a unit, by only entering one for each child, no matter how many schqols it attended during the year, - then the enrolment and the average attendance will be seen to bave expanded during last year proportionately .with, the increase in the general population, although the .figures as they stand convey- a different impression. The Minister of Education says this is how the returns have sow to be read—the olcl system of taking the school rolls holus- bolns,. whereinthree . children, s&y;, would be counted, although they really were only, .one, having been - abandoned;, and if so, - then our .educational -system is keeping pace with the swelling of the population, although at first sight. it may appear by the latest return to- be doing something of. the very opposite nature. - Bnt'passing from this featpre in the report-; we slight upon tm» <far i more valuable wsd concrete facts; .and they will be read with disappointment on the one hand. and with Bolne degree of pleasure en tire other, In the t?ne c s a LLARAT COURIER, TH ase, it is shown that the number f mght«chools fcas fallen down to 27, t'je enrolment to 4981, and the average attendance to 1612. TVhiat a falling off this is will be seen when we state that in the year 18S0, and that not the highest year by any means, there were 1S6 of these schools, with an enrolment of 12,869 pupils, and an average attendance of 4360: so that since 1880 the declension in this branch has been very large. The explanation of this decline is the disfavor with which these schools are regarded by both the department and the teaching staff, arising from causes which have frequently been dealt with in these columns. Bat the decline is to be regretted, no matter the causes, as night schools are most valuable to the children of very poor parents, enabling such children to work during the day. and obtain instruction at night; so that a great wrong is done, as well as a blander committed wherever eight schools are closed; and *hey were all re- opened, and conducted with proper care and vigor,-a great benefit to the poor section of the community would be-conferred The other fsct—the one that has an agreeable side to it—is, that the cost of our education system last year was £9404 18s lOd less than in 1882-3; and as there is. no reason' to suppose that there has been any weakening of tbe system by -this falling off in the cost, a judicious economy must have been practised by the department daring last year to show soch a favorable outcome. On another point, too, the report is very satisfactory. Here it is shown that the percentage of average attendance is higher in Victoria than in any of the other Australian colonies, where much the same system of educating the young is carried on, the figures in this respect being as follows:—Victoria, 53-19; New Zealand, 5293; Queensland, 52-41; South Australia, 52-53. -Thus Victoria tops . the Australian tree for the percentage .of average attendance ; and this is proof that the Education Act is being vigorously administered here, or no such difference in favor of this colony could be shown. It is still further proved by what the report says, that all truants are being well looked up, as established by the fact that " the number of prosecutions" in this -regard was greater last year than in any previous year, special attention being paid to children in factories, and those running about the streets." There were 6289 of these prosecutions, and 5557 convictions; the fines totalling £1383 9s 6d, and the costs £i83 4s 3d; and these figures ehow a prompt looking up of truants which is quite refreshing to witness. The report further shows that there were 673 private schools in the colony last year, or 37 more' than in the year preceding, which is to. be accounted for mainly by the schools which the Roman Catholic portion of the population is establishing, and further, that it is intended to " assimilate the boundaries of the school districts to those of the municipalities, by which it is to be hoped that the educational census of 1885 will be found'a more complete record of the school population than has hitherto been obtained." The report closes with a promise that tbe suggestions of the late Royal Commission shall receive careful consideration, which of course may mean much, or it may mean very little. As a whole it may be said that the report speaks well for the progress which our education system is making, although it is not expanding with those jumps which the inaccurate returns in its earlier hiBtory went to. show. But it is a mistake that the night schools are being cut down so mercilessly, as we have often contended. Only for this the report would be satisfactory throughout, for the night-school part is the only blemish which the report really exhibits. THE Orphan Asylutn committee is. to be complimented npon the view which it took on Tuesday evening of the memorandum of the Penal Department, aB sent through the Under- Treasurer, " that charitable institutions which participate in the Government grant might fairly be asked to give the preference to goods manufactured at the Victorian penal establishments." The committee failed to see the matter in the same light as the penal authorities regard it, although no definite mouon was pro posed on the subject. Most people will agree with the prejudice of the asylum committee, as to do anything of the Eort invited would not only be a miEtakei in theory, but also exceedingly bad in practice/ It would be giving a preference to gaol labor over free labor; and there is a perfect consensus of opinion, outside the' Government departments, that action of this kind would be unfair as well as. injudicious. Bat quite us strong an objection to the aspirations of the Penal Department is, the unpleasant proximity which orphans and other unfortunates would be brought into with gaols :by such a system being adopted, "ihey would soon get to le&rn; ..that what they wore in the day, and what covared- them at night, had been made by criminals; and they would eel it as a degradation that they were a s C F E being do hed" and beddid ln.'tEis anner. With chUdren especially, who have sliown no criminal taint, the Jess they feel they-come in contact with anything emanating from gaols, the better for their future, as ihe higher instinctB decline'whenever -children are subj ected to .treatment -of the opposite nature. In the. benevolent institutions of the mother-country a-rule of this kind receives considerable support; and it would be/a stip backwards if 'we did not follow that, precedent, orjkeep onr. charities as ^distinctly apart from the gaols, or gaol work, as has alwty?8 been the case "with the administration of institutions. . The United States are the greatest producers of pehal work> perhaps, in the world; but they don't thrust it-upon the charities. They have a system-by- which most .of. the goods made in the prisons find their way abroad ; and "by" this .'means riearly;all competition as twtween the.- criminals and honeBt home jabor is prevented. The "Penal Department here should adopt the same plan with what its prolieges produce—ship, say, the whole of it : abroad, which the gaols, where no manufacturing is carried on, 'canhot absorb,' and'.sell' it' cheap to get-rid of ', for then, while nobody would be ihe wissr {is. to - .its origin, the prisoners; ottld kept at wort7 ! ' and ; doi omethingAwards ^paying for -their, npport • and custody ; for, of oourse, URSDAY, OCTOBER aTl this is » necessity, not only to keep such places as Pentridge and the Melbourne gaol in order, but also to minimise the cost of these places to honest people. If the Government aided our charities out of'its own private purse, or purses, or the Penal Department did the same thing, there might be some reason in expecting that the committees would reciprocate by purchasing what onr criminals make. This would be realising the old saying that "one »ood turn deserves another," and & very respectable saying it is when subject to proper application. But the charities are supported directly by business people and free labor, and indirectly, or through the Government, in the same form; and it is not only "rough" on these people that - they should be asked to allow the prisoners to thrust them aside, but it is also " putting the screw" OH them in a style not easy of justification. For the PenBl Department to set forth "that charitable institutions which participate in the Government grant might fairly be asked to give the preference to goods manufactured at the Victorian penal establishments," means something more than competition with traders and labor outside. It means that the goods of the department should be taken without any competition at all, and it implies that a sort of compliment is paid by the Government in aiding the charities, whereaB the Government simply distributes moneys in this way whichj it may be said, the people have placed at its disposal for the purpose. Everybody outside tie Penal Department will, therefore, agree with the cold shoulder which the Orphan Asylum committee gave to the Under Treasurer's letter on Tuesday night, the more especially as there is an easy way, as we have shown above, for the department to get rid-of all its proieged produce, without interfering with honest trade, or honest labor. The request, in short, of the department savored of official "cheek;" and it was very properly treated with disdain, if it escaped actual derision. Daring the discussion of the Land Bill in committee, it was moved by Colonel Smith that minere should be allowed to take tip areas of 4 acres for purposes of cultivation, and Dr Quick proposed that holders of residence areas should be allowed to purchase their holdings at an upset price not exceeding the value of the nearest laud sold by auction, and that the miners' right fees paid should go as part of the purchase money. Those proposals were regarded as belonging to tbe Residence Areas Act, and not the Land Bill. The Government promised to introduce a bill to amend the first named Act with a view of meeting these proposals, and Colonel Smith and Dr Qaiek consequently withdrew their amendments. It will be seen by our parliamentary report that a bill to amend the Residence Areas Act in the direction indicated, was introduced by Mr Kerferd, and read a first time last evening, the size of areas being increased to one acre, and the miners to be allowed to purchase at a valuation. It will be seen by the report elsewhere that the deputation to the Government yesterday by the Ballar&t; Workshops Committee was very successful in its request. Mr Gillies stated that the Government intended to erect railway workshops at Ballarat and Sandhurst, and that the eteps cccessaty to that end would in due course be taken. The Assize Court for this district opens at the court-house, Lydiard street, at ten a m. to-day. Mr Justice Higinbotbam will preside, and JSx J. T. T. Smith will conduct the prosecutionB for the Crown. The cases sat down for hearing are—Wm. Stevens, alias Wm, Taylor, alias Oswald Brown, three -charges of forgery And uttering; Joseph and Hamilton Colter, assault and robbery; Thos. Arnold, larceny; and — Molloy, lsrceny from a dwelling. On ball, Thomas Ryan, maliciously wounding; and Ellen M Dowalf. cattle-stealing. Tbe Ust two cases will not be taken until Friday, and the witnesses are informed that they need not attend until then. The only civil case is that cf Williams v the Victorian Railways Commissioners, for damages, to be heard before a juty of twelve, Tbe annual spring show of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society commences to-day, the entries for which are in excess of any previous exhibition in the colony, while the quality of draught stock, cattle, and machinery exhibits has never been excelled. To-day, of course, only the machinery and one or two other classes will be adjudged; but to-morrow is the people's day, and, with fine weather, the attendance must necessarily be ivery large. Yesterday visitors arrived from alrparts of the colony to be present at the exhibition, and hotelkeepers and others were kept busy providing accommodation for the influx of customers. The wanton injuring 'of vehicles in the sale-yards of Mr W. J. Coghlan,- auctioneer, of late, have been referred to in this journal several tdmea. Early yesterday morning two more buggies -were found to be injured in the same way—tbe leathern daBh-boards being slashed with some sharp-catting instrument. A young-man named Henry John Casey, a horse-dealer, was found in the immediate vicinity cf the damaged vehicles at the time c by Plain-clothes Constable Stellard, who arrested him on suspicion that he was the offender. It appears that Stallard was with Casey in a hotel adjoining the yards, when the latter went oat, and the constable following him. saw him near two buggies. Striking, a light, Stallard found these two cut juBt'as others had been before, and heat once arrested Casey and lodged him in the City lock-up. Early in the morning a very sharp table knife was found in the yards near the'bnggies, and it was evidently the instrument with which the leather bad been cut. Casey was bailed out in recognisances of £75, Mr Shrimpton being his bondman. i The accused states that he baB been unjustly arrested. He says that as he had one of his s own vehicleB injured in the same way as Mr i Coghlan'*, he had been keeping watch for t the past three weeks, with the view of discovering the offender. He further eays he ntsw waB watching for the culprit,'with Stallard, nd no one was more surprised than he him- h d i Tp C elf when that officer arrested him. He there and then protested his innocence, but the coMtable conducted him to the lock-np. asey will appear at the City Court on riday. ; The Prince Bfigerit* Company, Ballarat ast, yeBterdaystrnck a very nice, patch of aBout i5.oz.of nuggetty" gold from a vein on what 1B termed the streaky slates, east of the Indicator. - The specimens are very h T t handsome, and were on view at the office*>f ihe manager, Mr A. Clinton. Two -similar, •streaks" were passed through in the shaft, ' and driveB from the chamber at the 390 feet level will be started on tbe vein to-day. In -a report which was. laid by Mr Gillies, on the table'of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night,, the opinion of the Railways Commissioners on the proposed new lines is expressed. Their estimates of the cost were calculated when the Minister made - his speech on the first reading of the bill, and were-£3960 per mile -for country lines, and £14 291 per mile for suburban lines. These estimates, they write, will be sufficient, provided ample time is given ior the. work, and care is exercised in letting tfre contracts, eo as not to create too great a etrain upon the available labor. They are unable to ^umlah.estimate8 of the probable traffic, biit' jndging from the 'ascertained iipaclfcy of districts- moat recently supplied .with Tallwaye, they are of opinion that the proposed outlay is jRstified. lJy the time -the new lines are completed, further -provision for roUing.etock will have to be made. An officer of -police residing not .100 mile? from Ballarat, having occasion to censure a subordinate, threatened to put iiim under srrestforlriB .behavior when addressing him. The sub-offioer was prepared to be put under arrest, >but the threat wae not fulfilled. The superior lias since been reported ,-to tbe head ofthe department liythe otherfcrnsingthe threat.-; - - Well-grpnnded- complaints have lately been made -ly iammerpiel' men^aod speculators having .business wjth the local telegraph officia iof the^alteratioriB wUch have lately been made, at -®reat ^ publio Inconvenience. One of the latest changes, for instance, ie 16, 1884. •worthy of note, as showing to what disadvantage the offices out of Melbourne are placed for some purpose or other. A few weeks ago, if a person wanted the copy of a telegram forwarded by him at the Ballarat office, he had merely to go there afterwards, and, on payment of Is, get what he desired. Now, however, this has been changed, and all original telegramB are sent each evening to Melbourne. Thus, if a copy is required of any forwarded, it is necessary to write to the Melbourne office, enclosing 2a 63 in stamps, and wait two or three days before receiving the eopy. When the erection of the Ballarat Eiet Post Office, at the corner of Main and Humffray streets, is completed, the tradesmen carrying on business in Main street, between Humffray and Bridge streets, intend to take Bteps to have the block known as Poet Office place. Garden thieves have been pnrsuing their evil propensities in tbe .south ward of late, and very few beauty spots have escaped the depredations of this class of vandals. On Tuesday night some of them visited Captain Butler's residence in Skipton street, and not only took all the bloom from a well-grown boronla tree, but afterwards broke it to the ground. They also, on the same night, swooped down upon the garden of Mrs Blunt, next to the captain's house, and after destroying a beautiful camellia tree, retired apparently satisfied with their work. The usual monthly meeting of the trustees of the Ballarat General Cemetery was held on Tuesday evening laBt. Present—Messrs Christopher Bailey (chairman), Ernest Ballhausen, I. J. Jones, J.P., James Nicol, and Simon Cohen. The monthly reports of the sextons were read. The report of the secretary showed that the following interments had taken place for tbe month ended "30tb September, namely:—Eighteen in'the old ground and tbirty-six in the new, the fees amounting to £97 Gs. An-allowance of £4 10s was made in three instances where it was proved to the trustees that tbe friends of the deceased were unable to pay the fees. Improvements at the New Cemetery, had been carried out during the past month, and works of a similar kind are in progress at the old ground. Ten burial rights having been signed for issue to purchasers of private graves, ^together with cheques-in payment of accounts amounting to £17 4s 9d, the trustees adjourned. A very sudden death occurred at Woodbank, Mount Mercer, on Tuesday. Mis Jos Vernon became suddenly ill about five p.m., and expired in a few minutes. She had been in apparently good health all day, and in her usual spirits. Dr Wall, of Boke' wood, was called in, and pronounced the case one of heart disease. Her IOBB to her family snd friends will be deeply felt, aa she was held in universal respect. Munro's agricultural implement factory, Ballarat, carried off the following prizes at the Talbot show on Tuesday:—First prize for stripper, first prizs for winnower, second priz5 for reaper and mower; first prize for horse works, first-priza for chaff-cutter. Lowe's new patent family washing machine will be exhibited at the agricultural show, Wendouree, this week, snd visitors are invited by advertisement in another column to inspect it. Mr Roxburgh, of Main street, is the Ballarat agent for these machines. Next Friday is gazetted a bank holiday at Buclnyocg, Learmonth, Scarsdale, and Smeaton. An entertainment was given at the Bene, volent Asylum on Tuesday evening, by the members of the Pleasant Street M.I. A. ; Vice-president Mi- T. Farley in the chair. A very enjoyable evening was spent, and the old people were much pleased with the programme. The following ladies and gentlemen took part:—Miss Tonkin, organist; Misses C. Tonkin, Eva, Commons, Fidoe (2); Messrs Jeffrie, Algie (2), Ling, Osbcurne. Commons. The evening was brought to a conclusion by a negro farce given by Misses Collins, Turnbull, Lamb, and Giles, which was very much appreciated by the audience. The Rev. E. H. Du Boie, vicar of SmytheEdale, delivered a lecture in the Town Hal', Scarsdale, on Monday evening laBt, in aid of tbe library fund of the Church of England Sunday school, the eabjecfc being "ACh&t; about Egypt." Mr A. Young, M.L A, occupied the chair, and there was a very satisfactory attendance. The reverend lecturer gave a very interesting sketch of Egypt, its ancient monuments and dynasties, as well as the more modern features of the country, and expressed a hope that the British protectorate of Egypt would be continued and made permanent. During the evening the Scarsdale glee club, assisted by Mrs and Miss Exell, of Smythesdale, sang a number of part songs and glees, MisB L. Young presiding at the piano. Messrs F. Yung, W. G. Crisp, and J. W. Gordon also sang some good soDgs. The customary votes of thanks to the lecturer, the singers, and the chairman, moved by tbe Rev. W- B. Hutchinson, Rev. Henry Moore, and Mr Trembath respectively, were heartily acknowledged, and the meeting was concluded by the choir and audience singing the National Anthem. In the report of the Licensed Victuallers' Association meeting on Tuesday through a mistake, the name of Mr Hager was left oat of the list of committee,' that gentleman being unanimously elected* again as treasurer. The Michaelmae quarterly meeting of the Ballarat Bible Christian circuit was held in the Skipton street church on Tnesday. Tea was served in the adjoining parsonage at six o'clock, - the business of the evening commencing at seven. The Rev. Gr. Netherway occupied the chair, and the Rev. W. J. Treloar was elected secretary. The circuit was reported on as being in a fairly prosperous state. The receipts were fonnd to be many pounds in advance of those of the preeding quarter, and fifty persons had been admitted on trial for membership. The appointment of the Rev G. Netherway to the superintendency of the circuit for the fifth year was cordially requested; and the Revs. H. Yeo and W. J. "Treloar, who have labored successfully during their first year's residence in Ballarat,- were each favored with a unanimous invitation for the second year. The meeting was well attended, and was characterised by a fine brotherly spirit. The next session is appointed to be held in the -Armstrong street church. Constable Hannon arrested a drunken man Mair. street yesterday afternoon, and the prisoner immediately made play with a in historic Donnybrook style. It probable tbe officer would have had serious rouble with his man had not a yonng civilian White, near whose place of business the arrest was. made, hastened to the constable's assistance. .He irnt such ready and well-directed aid that Shannon soon m*de is prisoner amenable to persnasion, and conucted bim in safety, to the lock-up. The nebriated individual there gave the name of hompson, and be was lodged in tbe cells ending his appearance at the City Police: ourt to-day. One .of tbe mgst successful entertainments eld at the Benevolent Asylum was given on hursday evening : last', by the' members -of: he City and Town" Baud..,The .programme p s n s f a consisted of songs, dances, farces, jokes. &c.;, which were ably rendered by Messrs Kesne, "N'Liren,'. J5. Middleton. M'lnemy, W Middleton Qtiii-reli, Mortimer. Martin, and Walter Middleton. Mr A. Miller-presided at the piano. After the psrformance, three hearty cheers were given for the band by the - inmates. The Welsh vocalist, "Baa Rhyd y Fro," will make her appearance at tbe Mechanics' Institute next week, ..The fair vocalist has won the .highest encoznfams by her performances in the various colonies, as well as in WaleB. Tbe following is an extract from tbe Gympie Miner:—"Suffice - it to say that '' Eas Bbyd-y-Fro" far exceeded our.expeetations as a vocalist, and we oan only ray that those who yere not fortunate enough to hear her, lost an undoubted musical treat. The "fair singer far more than realised the highest encomiums passed npon her by the Southern press." . An entertainment was given in the Hiscocke WesleyanOhnrch -on Fridav. the 3rd instant, by tbe members of the Buninyong". Christian Mutual Improvement Association, in aid of Mr John Aitken, snd everything passed off exceedingly well. The committee anticipate clearing about £5 for Mr Aitkea. The Agricultural Show grounds: will be prettv lively with firat-olassmusiaxm Friday. Mr Birtchr^l la making .an exhibition of pianoB and organs, and In order to show tbe qualities of these instruments, he has-arranged' for recitals to be given by some talented friends between two and fiveo'olock. According to tbe report of the Minister of Education for the year 1883-4, £be number of teaohers in the employ «of the department was, : at the end <of Jane list, 4184, ol whom 2391 were femaleer. 1 The mayors of Ballarat City and Town have proclaimed next Friday afternoon a public half-holiday, in honor of the Agricultural Show at Wendouree. It will be remembered that some time since Mr J. S." Milligan, grocer, of- Sturt street, was fined£25 for Belling hop bitters without having a lisense to sell alcoholic liquors. At the time it was plainly shown that Mr Milligan was in ignorance of the fact that the bitters contained alcohol. The police magistrate recommended the remission of the fine. The fine waB on Saturday remitted. In connection with tbe anniversary of the Baptist Sunday school, we are requested to state that the organ was kindly lent by Messrs Sntton and Co. There can be very little doubt -that a Victorian R'fle Club Association will shortly be in existence, most favorable responses having been received to circulars issued by Mr Cleghorn, the energetic secretary of th» Ballarat club. Already thirty-two clubB have announced their intention cf joining such" an association, and sending delegates to a meeting on Friday next, particulars of which will be found in our advertising celumnB. The delegates at the meeting will, we understand, represent fully 1100 riflemen—a conclusive proof of the progress made by rifle clubs throughout the colony, and a guarantee of the Euccess of the proposed association. At the meeting of the Billarat Presbytery yesterday the call made by the Scots' Church, Lydiard street north, to the R;v. John M'Connell, was sustained, and accepted by the rev. gentleman, who was_ present. Arrangements were made that the induction should take place on the 30 lh instant. Tbe trustees, committee, and congregation are so well pleased with having secured an excellent pastor that they have purchased a fine bnilding as a parsonage for him and "his family next door but one to the church. There was the most perfect unanimity among the congregation as to the call, the preaching of the reverend gentleman being of the moet attractive kind, and replete with all the earnest Christian conviction characteristic of the modem and cultivated Presbyterian minister, The twenty-eighth grand concert of that popular institution, the Ballarat Liedertafel, will be given at the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow (Friday) evening. A really, firstclass programme has been prepared. _ In addition to the choruses and local soloists, Messrs Wood, Robertson, and Thompson, of the Melbourne Liedertafel, will appear, these gentlemen having kindly given their services. The concert will be open to gentlemen only, the occasion being the usually muoh eDjoyed emoke night. Two very handsome gold medals, which are a credit to the manufacturer, Mr E. R. Cutler, of Lydiard etreet, have just been completed to the order of the Ballarat Cricket Club. The medals are in the form of Maltese cresses, and ere suitably Inscribed. One medal is to be presented to Mr W. S. Whitelaw, for his services as treasurer and secretary of the sports committee, and the other to Mr B. Ham, who won Mr Brokenshire's prize for tbe best rising player in the clnb. The four women, named Cray, Wilson, Ivey, and Ellis, who were found in a'brothel off Main street on Tuesday, were brought before Mr Curtis, J.P , at the Town Police Court yeeterday and remanded until this morning. * A very finely finished picture, executed to tbe order of Sir William J. Clarke, is now on view at the studio of Mr Willetts, Bridge street. While on a visit to Ballarat recently, Sir William favored MrWilletts with a sitting, and the result is a true work of photographic art. . The opening celebration of the Loyal Eureka Lodge, 3.10.O.F., was held last night" at the Societies' Hall, Macarthnr street. Representatives cf the other branches were in attendance, and tbe proceedings were followed by a concert and ball. Mr Hartley presided at the piano for the concert, and Messrs Williams and Gude providing the music for the balL The programme for the Ballarat Yacht Club Regatta appears in our advertising columns, aud wiU extend over two days. Tbe scale cf prizes, it will be noted, is most liberal, and should induce a large entry, not only of Iccil boatB, but cf others from all parte of the colony. The list of events comprise a skiff race, first and second-class yacht races, a pair-oared rowing race for boys under fifteen years of age, a tub race, sea-horse race, and Ecratcb-four contest. On tbe second day (Saturday, 22ad November) the Inter? colonial Press race will l>'e sailed. _ A brass band will be engaged for the occasion; «nd, as will be found notified in advertisement, boats from other waters will be conveyed from and to the Western railway station free of charge. The sale of gifts la connection with the Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street, was continued yesterday afternoon and evening in the Dana street hall, and was well attended. The display of goods was very fine, and the articles were disposed of pipidly. There were many other attractions, whilst the Phoanix brass band rendered choice selections at intervals. Yesterday we omitted to state that the piano used was kindly lent by Messrs Sutton and Co. The sale will be continued to-day as per advertisement elsewhere, In connection with the Caulfield -races tickets wiil be issued to Melbourne only, at holiday "excursion fares, by the. last through trains on all lines, to-morrow, and by the first up train from Ballarat, Malmsbnry, Sandhurst, Maldon, Melton, Lanoefield, Daylesford, Seymour, Camperdown, Queenscliff, Lillydale, Warragul, dale, and Frankston, and all intermediate stations (suburban excepted), on the following day, available for retnrn until the 20th instant, inclusive. The supply of fish, particularly trevalla, whioh came into this city yesterday was unusually liberal, and fine trevalla weighing np to 5 lb were sold for Is 63. An enterprising fishmonger took a-nnmber to the Corner, and for a time a" good line "in fish was done, not a few of " ye habljneB of ye Corner," when five o'clock came, aisinterrlng parcels from their offices, carrying home to-day'e breakfast 'with them. Four or five pounds of good fish, at 3d or 4d a pound, is a desirable -addition to the larder, and takes the edge off the present " home " rice of steak—9d a pound. The marine store of Mrs PottB, in Main street, was broken into on Tuesday during the temporary absence of the owner, and the " enterprieing burglar " ransacked the place, but did' not, so far as can b3 ascertained, obtain any booty. The matter has been reported to the police. The spectacular cantatas " Red Riding Hood's|Rescue" and "The Picnic" will be reproduced this evening at the Academy of Music, for the benefit of the City State chools prize fund. Mr T. J. Limble, the t musical director, has got his numerous company of performers in excellent form, and the entertainment will be most enjoyable. A young girl, tho daughter of a hop-planter amed Taylor, of Bairnsdale, met with a ingular and unexpected affliotfon (says the Herald) "one day last week. ' While.stooping to pick up a piece of wood in the yard, she elt herself .tongue-tied, and all that medical ssistance could do was of iio avail. She t was subsequently brought to Melbourne, and the best medical men consulted, but so far nothing has been done for her. She can. open her mouth, tako her food in the UEUal. manner, and move her tongue, but is unable. to utter the least sound. . _ L Immense numbers of caterpillars (says the Argus) are committing considerable havoc among the crops in »ma parts of the Darling Downs. - The recent decision of Mr Gillies in ti e WollaBton case bide fair {says the Telegraph) to be far-reaching in ite t {feels, the preaching of the Goepel by State school teachers in; State buildings being ^apparently a not infrequent matter. At the annual meeting of the Weeleyan ministers of CastlemEine and Sandhurst, held on Taesday, it transpired that forty Slate school buildings are used by ministers at present as preaching places, end that twenty-four local prcaohers are ajso teachers under.the Education Department. • Regulations (eays the A rgus) relative to the medical deparlment of Iho Victorian Militia were laid on. the table of'the Legislative Courieil onTTuesiJay. They provide, amongst other th&gp;, for thes payment of medioal officers, which' is to be as-follows:—For examination of rccruits, 2B 6d per bead; for other military; duties—snrgeon-majors,, £2 lOfl for the wbole day, or £l 15s for half-day; surgeons, £2 for whole day; or £l ior halfday. Brit - the' maximum -amount of - pay, however, derivabVfrom tbe various sources, shall not exceed in oneyear£30 forssurgeonmajor. and £25 [for. a surgeon. Moulted medical officers will receive the inme -IiorsemUowanceas othermouuted officers. An important resolutlon, as affecting ' the. 'M!*^ ' i 8 ?? the Age) at Tnesday nlght'emeeHngofthe Victorian Saddlers' Society. It was decided that, _in consequence of emall- ps'x having made its appearance amongst the employes of Mr Eyten, of Queen street, none of the men engaged there should be permitted to attend any of the meetings of the Bociety until a month bad elapsed. The railway policy Of tbe Government has won over to tbeir side of thB House (says the Argus) MrToohey, who cow site immediately behind Ministers. Previously Mr Toohey was an Opposifon member, sitting in the comer with Mr Mason, Mr J. J. Madden, and Mr Hunt. The expectations of Villiere and Heytesbjiry bave been fnlly gratified in the matter of railways, and Mr Toohey has crossed the floor betimes, EO&B; to anticipate the wishes of his constituents. Great excitement (eays the Age) has been occasioned by the discovery, for the first time, of genuine coal in South Australia, the find being made on a run 100 miles north of Fowler's Bay. The coal, wbich is of inferior quality, was foncd at a depth c-f 30 feet; but it is believed that richer coal will be found at a greater depth. Professor Tate will report on the samples. At a large meeting of ladies in Adelaide on Tuesday night, it was decided (sstys the Telegraph) to establish a Young Women's Christian Association on the basis of similar institutions in tbe other colonies,- Mrs Jobn Colton, the Premier's wife, being the first president. A huge map of the colony, constructed from the various county mapB, the scale being half an inch to a mile, was bung (eays the Argus) on the wall of the Legislative Assembly on_ Tuesday evening, for ready reference, while the motion for the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill was under consideration. The existing railway lines are colored black and the lineB projected in the new bill are in red. The map was frequently consulted by boo. members during the evening, and was obviously & great convenience. The feat of riding on a tricycle from Land's End (the southernmost extremity of England) to John o'Groat's (the northernmost extremity of Scotland), bas recently been accomplished by a gentleman named Nixon, the total number of miles ridden being 856, and tbe time occupied in the journey was eight and a half days.' It is worthy cf some note that Mr Nixon's Imperial Club tricycle carried him without a single break-down although the reports of some parts of the road—"Afraid of pounding machine to pieces; bonlders as big as your head." Between Carlisle and Edinburgh he made the magnificent run of 101 miles in the day, A Joint Purple meeting ot the L O t will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, in Brann's Ball, for initiation of candidates - In consequence of the Australian Bible Carriage being at the Agricultural Sbow grounds tbis evening, th» Bible lectures at the monument are postponed until next week. A special genera! meeting of bootmaker*' Opera. UTO Union will be htld on Friday, In tbe Trades' Hall, Camp street, to deal with important business re tight bonra. - In connection with theM.I A competitions chorus rehearsal wiil be htld to- night In tbe Congregational scnoolroom, Dawson ttreet, at a quarter to eight o'clock. A social in cinnection witb Ml33 Samoa's private daticin< class will be held in tbe Bofal assembly room this evening, at eight o'clock. The booths for the miners' spnrtfi at C esirick Kill be sold next Saturday at fonr o'clock, at the Ameri. can hotel, Cresnrick. Tenders for the lnncheon booth are requested to be sent in to tbe secretary before seven o'clock on the evening of the same day. The competition for tbe International tTophiesin connection with the Billarat Civilian Eifie Club, will be fired cn Friday and Saturday next. A temperance meeting will be held to-night in tbe Town Musion Hal), when an address wiil be delivered by Mr J. Williams, of Nerrina. In St. Paul's Church, Ballarat Sast, tbe church choir ttiil give a grand organ recital of sacred music on MondBy evening next, commencing at '-ght o'clock. The admission Kill be free, bat a illectioa will be made for tbe church funds. The follovinc letters are declined for tbe leasons stated:-(l) " Besident" and "The Ghost ol Long Barney," too personal; (2) "Onlooker," libellous. It will be observed by onr advertising colsmns that Herr Carl Hartmann, tbe well-known vocalist, has returned from Sydney, and has commenced professional practice as cultivator of tbe human voice. Herr H&rtmann.; while io Sydney, had several evenings with the Meliopolitan Liedertafel, and received tbe tig best ec com rum", manycf tbe members expressing a ceslre that hs would remain in the city* The animal bill and sepper under the asspices of tbe Ballarat Albion Football Clnb will take place tbis evening, at tbe Orpheus Hall, commencing at half- past eight o'clock. 