. USEFUL GHOSTS. A Tennessee ^host comes to a house in Hampton country, aud rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now then, by all the fiwellera in *'the nether gloom,' if there is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor' of ours would like'to find steady employment at good ftages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the preturbed spirit all it wants to do-ia^he silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itaelf, and one night out every week when it could go round and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbours, and haunt all lonely bouses in the neighborhood. What a' gem of a house servant a ghost would be. Never ' sass' back : always invisible. The pie would' come on the table as though it were sailing through the air,- the carpet sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment of ' Gnah-na-gnah-na- tha- wha — that wur the 'place whayre the whiskey is plenthy— whack! fol-dhe- rol-lol ?' And at night it coo'd haunt all the objectionable neighbours until they fled from the neighbourhood, and property wonld depreciate seventy-five per cent., when we could buy it up and whack up with the ghost. No light and no fire watchman wanted on the block ; no dog on the premises.. When a bnrglar climbed in at the window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down the back of his neck; when he -drove a ten-inch bowie knife clean through the ghost's bosom five times and the spectre smiled sadly at him and Bhowed him where his throat had been cleared of nine years before, how the robber would dro^- his kit and wing his restless flight, to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the ghost could just stick its head clean through the key hole and see who was there before the door was opened. And there would be no sweet hearts loafing about the kitchen Sunday nights, ah no. Trnly, a ghost would be a great boon to the home, and if any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a job, send him at once to this offiae. 