THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. Dr. Thomas Browne continues in this issue his speculations on the progress of lnnpi«g*> Mr. Edmand Glanville, under the title of " A Flea for Ghosts," avows himself, as we under stand him, to be a believer in ghosts, and even finds no difficulty, it would appear, in believing in the ffhoat of "a cap with a frill, and a dressing-gown of the appearance of white flannel." In an article entitled " Aus tralian History Fate&ed;," Mr. David Blair returns to the attack on the dceary tissue of misrepresentation* and acrid personal ani mosities which ME. G. W. Bxudaa has at tempt to fo'ffit on the British public in three ponderous voimnes as a history of Australia, lfe Jofea Mw jrbo K* Jhnisht had. finished his prolonged account of " Coal and the Coal Mines of New South Wales " in the last issue of the review, resumes this lively subject in the present one, and it is depress ing to state that there is now no visible pros pect of a termination. Mr. Thomas Harrison writes on " VolcanoRS and Earthquakes." Mr. R. C. St. George-Smyth has an article on " The Russian Occupation of Merv," which is discussed in the spirit of alarm which fills the minds of many political reasoners when ever the action of Russia is in question. But, as far as Merv is concerned, its submission to Russia attracted very little attention in England. Public opinion in England has come to concur on this point with the opinion of a statesman of great foresight, who, as far back aslSG7,wroteiiian official despatch,in reference to the annexations of Russia in Central Asia -Upon this point Iler Majesty's Govern ment see no reason for any uneasiness or for any jealousy. The conquests which Russia has made, and apparently is still making, in Central Asia, appear to them to be the natural result of the circumstances in which she finds herself placed, and to afford no ground whatever for representations indicative of sus picion or alarm on the part of this country." It must be painful to writers of the school of Mr. St George-Smyth to learn that these words were written by Sir Stafford Northcote, who was at the time, as a London newspaper reminds us, Secretary of State in the Con servative Administration led by Lord Derby in the Lords and Mr. Disraeli in the Com mons. So much for the theory that indiffer ence to Russian conquests in Central Asia is the characteristic by which the Gladstone Government is most strongly differentiated from Governments of the opposite party. An article on "The Decay of Faith, and the usual dryasdust summaries of the reviews and magazines, under the head of " Contem porary ihought," complete the number. Bush Yarns by Authors on the Wallaby (Cameron, Laing, and Co., 1884) is the title of a collection of Australian tales and poems which is published at a low price,and, though ite contents are various in nature and quality, ia likely to interest and amuse a large number of readers. 