John Bull and his Island. (Translated from the French.) CHAPTER XIV. Love of Pettifogging— A Bill of Costs- - £600 Reward — Tlie Shall of Persia at Newgate. The English have a love of pettifogging ; it is in the Norman blood. This peculiar taste is an expensive one, especially in England, where, though justice is prompt ana decisive in criminal matters, it is slow and costly in civil ones. A barrister of the least reputation will not put on his wig for less thau £20. A Queen's counsel demands fabulous'fees. The solicitor, the general lawyer, does tne worK of our notaires, avoves, and ttuissiers; he can even plead in the police-courts. His bills of costs are masterpieces in their way. Here is one : — 1\. To receiving a letter from you, ] and reading it ? 3 6 2\. To writiug the answer ? 3 6 3\. To hiring a cab ? 5 0 4\. To thinking of your affair in the cab ? 3 6 5\. To listening to your remarks ... 3 6 6\. To answering them ? 3 6 7\. To meeting your father-in-law and speaking to him of your affair ? 3 6 One wonders how much a solicitor would charge his client for dreaming of his affair. Aud 60 the sceings, beings, goings, thinkings,, &c.;, at 3s. 6d. apiece, cover dozens of pages. Judges and barristers still wear the powdered wigs with pig-tails of a hun dred years ago. 'lei rit d'nn juge en habit court qui tremble au seul aspect d'un procureur enrobe. La forme, la-a forme .' says Brid'oison, who is not dead 'yet. The English love their old monuments, their ancient castles, their time-honored customs. We French people are Vandals. You can, at the present time, see the Tower of London, exactly as it stood hundreds of years ago ; and the people, who visit its dungeons, can see for them selves the progress that man has made. In France, no more J3astilte, no more Donjon de Vincemies to be seen ! The very names of our streets die with each government. What a mistake ! I believe that, if every town in France had a Waterloo Place and a Sedan Street, the remembrance of the empire would re main engraved on their hearts for a long time to come. John Bull executes more criminals than all the other European States put toge ther. Extenuating circumstances are not ) taken into consideration in trials for murder. It is sufficient, in England, to be convicted of having wilfully taken the life of a person to forfeit one's life. The law makes no distinction between one who has committed murder in a moment of passion or jealousy, and one who lias long premeditated the death of his victim to satisfy the basest of cravings. j 'During my visit to the U n i ted States, ' ' says M. Alexis de Tocqueville, ' I saw the inhabitants of a country, in which a gjeat crime had been committed, spon taneously form committees for the pur pose of bringing the criminal to justice.' This is all very well, but the occupation of amateur detective is an ugly one. A criminal maj;, it is true, be au enemy of mankind ; still, one cannot help feeling pleased to know that there are men who, for a consideration, will willingly track, arrest, condemn, and hang him. In England, when the perpetrator of a crime cannot be found, the police have the walls of the town covered with placards, offering a reward of 100, 200, 500 pounds sterling, according to the gravity of the crime, to whoever will give sueh informa tion as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of the criminal. The plan often succeeds, especially in Ireland, among the Fenians. An accomplice often obtains his own pardon by denoun cing his confederates ; the approver has always played an important part in the history of crime in Ireland. \- Hanging gives instantaneous death, and causes no suffering, say the English. This may be ; but the rope often breaks, ' and I have known Marwood to bungle over his work more than once. He has had practice enough ; he ought to know the ropes by this time. Apropos of hanging : Whilst the Shah of Persia was on a visit to England, he wanted to see how the English executed their criminals. The sight of torture is a favorite enter tainment of Eastern monarchs. Accom S allied by a numerous suite, he went to Tewgate, the London RoqwAte. Great was his disappointment upon hearing that the rope gave instantaneous death. However, he decided upon seeing how the apparatus worked, and desired the governor of the prison to be good enough to execute a criminal on the spot. It was represented to him that there were do criminals lying under sentence of death just then. He was about to lone his temper, when, recollecting himself, he cried, 'That's no objection ; I will let you have one of my suite.' The London folks have not forgotten it yet Advice to Mothebs ! — Are yon broken io your rest by a sick child suffering with tbe pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mas. Winslow'b Soothing Sybcp. It will relive the poor snfferer im mediately. It ia perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, It produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 11 as bright as a button. ' It sotbes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regelates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. ' ljd. per bottle. AC ABO. — To all who are raftering from the errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weak , ness, early decay, loss of manhood, & c. I will fend a recipe that will cure jou, free of cba'ge. This great remedy was discovered byamission \- ary in South Am fries. Send a self addressed _ envelope and sixpence to prepay postage to tbe Rev/Joseph T. Inman, Station D,, New York ' City, U.8.A Ghosts. — An attempt is bciDg made in the old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are tbe wonders fnl stories that fill some of the journals. The : TflMLical Jnind is, however, Inclined to adopt liBftoge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know tbat yon are not a bit of undigested bread f ' for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won ~ '-ier, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's ' :Gold Medal 'Baking Powder in making bread ; 1 for, although' it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will '' raise bread in the most sdmiiable fashion. : Evary wise storekeeper has it by him, and * very good honsewiss buys it. 