[?] OfiH'.r.r.i/' Lucas. r,<is 1«: X -- A» StobVuof! THE (iREFOBMATIOMIN (SwiTZEB- 'to n:-tonx oil .moiM r. AN t>: >" t « r i - 1 « 1 v v. i I id .v.fid uil.iaM ' dufwn 06?APTBR;KXE;5>;,;!,:,"H' . ynv/ >'! I'. ,"'CI h-'ii ' »' ! rt'k j , , FAITH 'AND -FEAR... fM > ' P.' f l-- iMtfl l« » » ,».>v i . r/jl look to Jesus!— BTidtlio face, . II' o'f Qoa' is 'turned on nio in'lbve ;".V ' '/ v.'ii'I feeTaiPatUor's'fond orabraoe,! ' 1 , ...n,r . r And alliny, doubts and fears removo." ( t if r'lj'Vl 'i-'ill v-'-r'tV- fO-\T..>AjBTLBV.'( Fob, 86raetmin.utes after Muriel Had finished .'reading t jieletter 'neithef 'of-J the young 'girls sbok'el ..'It" was, a silence/ eloduerit with. deen 'fueling,,). |Atia8t':lfiMine(.d.lp6king up -her,— (,,f .-,;5;.-i, , .n|t m-i-»iP<.wi'M «<) ;< vit'-i Muriel, thou canst notdoubt that this, a.t .least, Jpj GfpdSj \ynrk.", , . ,v </'., v ,.,,,; ""'Muri'elffurnedlief(darki serious, eyeB upon lier with, a 'strang'ely troubled, tristful look/ 1 \- I'wpuld fain believ<»-,it' sucli,' Madeline ; " but' coin pure wafers ! flow, , f rom a corrupt 'fovirs®?, „' ',' ', .'; . ( 0... ;... j !'",Th6u',' " meanest . '.the . . teachings , , of: . Ulric Zwirigle.1'1 j'But'if| (o.d. o.wns; tliem, -Muriol, 'arid1 if Jthey|' like Luther's, aroar'awn- -from the pure fo.untainpheadi ,pf -.the Holy Scrip tures, ho w; ( .can' ' thpy'.f aii-i to jq,ih;.acoqrdance with1, tbo'-jraind-.jof Hiijii.'|idwij>te .thorn for !oiW learning??.' ..l ,..".,' .' Ah, Mudolin'e, the.. stream, that, leaves its Sources'-- pijrq. ' cblqured in its, flow through j jiriimpure|'bod.|Arid,yet,I ',' Q'jMuriolj.ifthb -my jpy'oniyv in , ,knb\yipg, niy , poor : sufEeririg .byo'tlier safe folded', inV the', arms of; a loying, corapassiohate Sayiour, . but irii feeling'., the , same'strpngl', tender afmsrar.ound iheb.V - , . , ' Wli'en'l am with' thee," Madeline," .Muriel .said, , after ja.long, pauso,, I.can.almqst.feel tli'at. ' Thy "bright trust, raises:, my spirit .too, apd; I ' forgot.' ,tli'ei terrible majesty; of (God in jliis ' i'bv'e;ahS I; see, rip t ' ho \y« i ,ri grasp j ng at a shadow, ' ,l',, may' ' lcmVjUtpsuoerhpw, 'under the semblance of a purer 'tr.uth, I may bo.folding.around (me the, festeririg.garinent of heresy-'lii;., ".;„ "., ' ,; f.U...',,. .. T|>e pierced , hand (pf Jhe ;7Lprd,lGhnsti,i8 fip8i)MpwyMa6lr,te(btiirobe j jiightepuHness, is .a" 'cpefji :ng, pnwlnch hp;s£ain Vj.r,, .,! ,|, ","'!- ":-' ' V>'i () 'h That 'iSytrael putMadelirie', thou seest riot,, .'.wppppgd jire. .these. teachings, upo'riwhiclip.mariy areready. ,'t'o,8takethoir spulstb'the doctrines, of /parHbiyQburch'.? '. -'(Noi" 8aid' Madeline, .'.tHo'ughtfully I jpuly'see Cbrist' in,wb'atT only. Baw,'fprm b'e- j f ore;','.a ' father ( , Svliero '(I .once saw orily. a Creat6r,tan(i')A,,jiudge,lAnd X hpught;,,thpu,-hdst<<flea ..believe he , lpv,ed thee, arid/willed tlhappiness,. thy sal- yatioifFlJ' „;vo' v;<'i XI'I V; ! '«'j Maaplirie,!fbut., Jww ,,. I ;have been ; too ,.happy,;to6 ,thoughtles8of| late. ; too will- , ingj! to believe , ( what, vwas j 8o, pleasing , to my , 4pd. when jisrf,a jfather .best pleaspd,.dear Muriel?, ,-':.!lVheA,a/iW. isjat ease in his presence,, ,, happy5 in , his prptepting .love and care ; ,of( whenhe , ie sad and frotful,- arid oowero£rdm .his jpye ?!! ;. ; f But a way ward, 'dispbedieut child , Made- linb . ;'.,,.: "ii .' ..//J -:H ... J" , " Is b'nly such sp-jlpng as lie . refuses to cast himsejf into His , father's putstretched arms. 0, Muriel ! it is . that, jword' ( Father ' that fills uie with, confidence and .peace. There is no sounding its depths of meaning. He has said, 'T will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and' daughters.'. And he will not assume the name without being all to us that it implies." "But is it right, Madeline, to measure spiritual relationships by earthly ones ?" " No," said Madeline, a soft light kindling on her face — " no, not to measure them. For the first are infinite ; the second imperfect and limited, and marred by sin. But they are God's illuminated alphabet, by which he tenches us, by pictures of such things as we can comprehend, to understand something of what would otherwise be beyond us. And when God calls himself our Father, he means us to look to him for all that a child might expect from the tenderest earthly parent, and much more." ,:"Thou dost find him such, Madeline," said Muriel, half sadly, half wistfully. "Do I not? Does not this prove it? and all the love and goodness I have met here ?" " That is no marvel, sweet Madeline. Who could but love thee? And' before thou earnest, I thought earthly love sinful." " But thou dost not now, 0 Muriel ! God is love. When we love, we are most like him." 'J Ah ! but it is spiritual love alone that is 'pleasing to, God." "Madeline looked puzzled. "I do not know," she said. " Where does the earthly , end and, the spiritual begin ? Since I have !known; God loved me, it has seemed as if I loved every one — as if I must." " Oh that I were like thee, Madeline ! — simple and pure, and true ; picking the gold 'from the dust-heap without contracting any of its defilement. Heresy itself could scarce harm thee ; thou wouldst choose the good and reject the evil." , , " But it is 110 heresy to look up to God as a Father to trust in the blessed cross of the 'Lord Christ ; to believe in the sacred Scrip- lures. And we have only to do that, Muriel, tliou and I, and to obey the Holy Church ; and it is easy to obey when one loves and is loved." "Yes," Baid Muriel, thoughtfully; when one is loved with such love it ought to be easy. — I have given thee scant sympathy in thy joy for thy brother, Madeline," she con- tinued, after a pause; "but my heart is heavy and troubled for ray own." " And why art thou troubled ? Is the plague at Leipzig?" " Not the plague thou fearest, Madeline ; -but perchance a deadlier one. Thou knowest how, in Raymond's last letters, he spoke of the discussion between the monk Martin Luther and Dr. Eck, at which he was present, and how warmly ho took the former's part as that of truth and justice. He does still. And 0 Madeline ! thou knowest what things we have beard of this Luther of late : how he .declares the heresy of Hues to be the same 'doctrine as that taught by St. Paul and St. Augustine, and the earlier fathers of the Church ; how he questions the merit of the blessed sacraments. And Raymond has again met that fiery, turbulent spirit, Ulrich von Hutten, at Ebrenberg, the castle of the knight Franz von Sickingen. He had ever great influence over Raymond, and he makes com mon cause with Luther. So does Franz von Sickingen, and half the nobility of Germany, Raymond says. So thou seest, Madeline, I have need to fear for my Raymond ; he is so ardent, so impatient of oppression and wrong, 80 full of generous trust and hope. Oh, I ' tremble lest he should be lead into some deadly heresy !" " Does he speak of returning?" " No. And my father wishes him to repre sent him at the Assembly at Frankfort, where a new emperor is about to be cbosen. Frederic of Saxony has refused the imperial crown. It is a pity, Raymond says ; so wise and pious, and moderate a prince might have done much in composing the religious dis turbances that are arising in every part. The choice lies now between the young King of Spain, Charles of Burgundy, Francis of France, and Henry of England. But thou lookst grave, Madeline ; these things interest thee not." " Ah', pardon the burgher maiden ! " said Madeline, with a start and smile. " Thy thoughts are in thy home, Madeline, and I have not even asked thee how it fared with the dear ones there. Thy sister Bertha has been ill, Paul says." " Yes. Clare tells me that as my father recovered, Bertha grew pale and weak, but would acknowledge no illness, until one day ' Clere found her leaning faint and powerless against the table in the kitchen. She had just strength to drag herself upstairs with the father's help. She lay down, hoping to revive soon, but grew worse and worse. It was the plague, but in a different form. She had littje pain, but was utterly prostrated, and no remedies appeared to have any effect. ' Dear little Clare ! It must have been a sad ; time for her— my father still feeble, and Paul helpless and suffering. They knew not where to turn for help ; and Bertha's distress at this increased her illness. But, 0 Muriel, let me read thee Clare's, own words! Her simple faith will belp thine. She says: — "'How I longed for thee, Madeline! I ani'so little, thou knowest, and I did not know how. to do some things, and had not strength for others.' !The doctor said he would send ' help if" he could ; but people had grown so hard ahd cold, and some so fearful, he was afraid lie should not be able. And the good, kind priest, Ulric Zwingle, did not come. The second night was coming. Bertha lay white and still ; the father had come in faint with walking about the city seeking help, and poor Paul was all alone. I would not cry, be cause it troubled Bertha, and my heart felt as if it would break. But all at once 1 -re- membered that Gerold had told me that the Lord Christ had once said, " If ye shall ask anything in ray name, I will do it." 0 Ma deline, was it not strange 1 did not think of it before ? And even then I did not quite know if this was a thing He would care to do — just help a poor little girl and some sick people. But it said anything ; and I remem bered how good He was — how He loved us. So I knelt down and asked Him to send some one to help us. '"I don't know how it was, but I felt quite sure He would, and the load seemed lifted off my heart. Then I went down and unfastened the door. Thou wouldst not think it at this sad time, but there have been some wicked people about, who have gone into the empty houses, sometimes into those where the last people lay dying, and made wild work in them. When I went up again to Bertha, she made me lie down, and told me to go to sleep. I was very, very tired, and I did so ; for I knew the Lord Jobus would send some one, and they would find the door open. When I woke, it was just breaking day. I had slept all night. It was very selfish of me ; but, indeed, I was so weary. And then, seated by Bertha's bed, I saw a nun, old, and with a worn, thin face, but with such a sweet, kind look upon it. She told me she bad come to nurse Bertha, and to do anything she could for us. And when I asked her who sent her, she Baid, "The Lord Jesus Christ, little one — the dear Saviour who loves thee." 0 Madeline, was it not good of Him to hear the prayer of a poor, little, tired, sor rowful child ? "'Paul says he will tell thee himself how happy His love has made him. Couldst thou but see him, Madeline, as he lieB with Bii'ch a soft light in his eyes, Buch a sweet smile upon his pale face ! " ' But I must tell thee about SiBter Eliza beth. After ehe came, the worse trouble was over ; for though Bertha lay ill a long time, she was not likely to die, and the good h'im did all I could not do. I cannot tell thee how kind and good she is. All through this dreadful plague-time, she has been away from the convent nursing the sick and comforting the dying. And, 0 Madeline, the beantiful stories from the Gospels she told us. I. will tell thee them all when thou comest home. I can never forget them. Ah, I never knew half what the Lord Jesus was, till I heard them ! I do not wonder now at anything he doeB. Nothing is too good, too kind. Is it not wonderful that sister Elizabeth should be the very nun we saw on the road to Ein- siedeln ? She bade me tell thee she had found what she had so long sought in vain. Thou wouldst rejoice, she said, to know the weary, wayworn nun had come to the end of her long pilgrimage in search of .forgiveness. I told her thou hadst not forgotten her5; and she sent thee her blessing.' " 0 Muriel," said Madeline, as she finished reading, "is it not sweet to know the, Lord Christ thus? We must not lightly, judge those who have rent away the veil that has so long concealed Him from longing eyes and aching hearts, because in their zeal, and haste they drag with it things that are holy and good indeed;1 but which should not como between our hearts and Him. And all they seek to do is to purify and cleanse, not to destroy." _ "I would fain believe it so, Madeline. And, as thou sayeet, to know Him to be thus gracious, and tender, and pitiful, is indeed sweet. But ought we hot to be ready to give up all for Him who gavo up all for us?" " Ah, that is sweet too ; for what have we to give but our sins and our sorrows, 'our poor, blundering attempts at loving and pleasing Him. Ourselves jast as- we are. And we but give Him His own — ' Ye are not your own ; ye are bought with a price;' " The gray winter , evening, had closed in as they lalked,and Madeline1 could riot see'how agitated was Muriel's face as she said, "Sup pose He came to thee, Madeline, and claimed thee for His service. Suppose He said to thee ' I have loved thee, I have agonized and bled, I have fought and conquered, I have suffered shame and scorn for thee. I have given up all for thy sake. Follow me ; tread in my steps ; share with mo the earthly loss and pain, so shalt thou share my heavenly bliss and glory.! . What, wouldst thou do, Madeline? " Madeline paused before replying. " I think He has claimed: me, Muriel, " she said at last. " He died for ine ; I am His ; and I have no denrer wish than1 to follow where he leads. He is the Good Shepherd, and will never lead HiB poor, silly lamb by a wrong road." " Thou hast always such sweet thoughts, Madeline. But what if some foolish lamb persist in turning from the steep, ' narrow, lonely path to which He ever points, and goes on down a wrong road — a broad, green, flowery road ? " " He would go after it until He found it once more ; then He would lay it on His shoulders, and bear it home rejoicing. His own words, Muriel, in the sweet parable of the Lost Sheep, which I heard Capito expound at Basle. And, 0 Muriel, it is true ; He does it. I was lost, and He found me; and the dear mother, and Uncle Andrew, and Aunt Katterin, and now Paul, the poor way ward one, and Sister Elizabeth, the sad, des pairing nun. All! I must tell thee of her, Muriel." ' " Thou hast told me, dearest." " Not what she -said , to me. I scarcely liked to repeat her words. They troubled me at : first, ' butu thib- precious ' light makes all plain ; and' it will 'show theo'-still linore of God'b power to heal." Muriel sat still, and; silent while Madeline repeated the nun's vividly-remembered words. When slio had done so; Muriel waB sliivering from head to foot. " Thou art cold," .said Madeline. "I have kept thee talking too long." " No, I am not cold ; but, 0 Madeline, these are solemn words, terrible words." " They are sweet to me," Madeline answered softly. "God's first call to me was, 'Come unto me ; ' and I came, and He gave me par don and peace." THE WOES OF THE POPE. | The " Prisoner of the Vatican " has disco vered another wrong perpetrated by that or ganised iniquity, the Italian Government, and he reports it to the world with much wailing, recorded in very ecclesiastical Latin. . ThiB time the wrong Reems a substantial one. A law passed in 1873 provides that " every cor poration having culto — public worship, that is —for its object shall be incapable of holding real property, and shall be obliged to convert all such that it may possess into Government security." Under this low, after a very long trial and many appeals, it has been decided that the College of Propaganda must convert all its real property into Italian Government stock. The property concerned is valued at £400,000, and is the main support of the Col lege of Urban VIII., the institution where all priests intended for foreign service are trained. The Vatican declares the Act to be an example of mere lawless confiscation, and to evade it has transferred the administrative seat of the Propaganda to non-Italian locali ties. Twenty-three centres are named, to which " all donations, legacies, and offerings by which the piety of tho faithful may wish to meet the constant and considerable expen diture of the institution are transferred." Of these new administrative centres twelve are under the shadow of Protestant Governments, and two are on Mohammedan soil. The Holy Father apparently finds more honesty and a higher degree of consideration 3mongst here tics and infidels than amidst his own flock! The Propaganda de fide , as it watches its real estate melt into Government- funds, followB the exomple of Freedom when Kosciusko fell, .and " shrieks " at large, and really seems on this occasion to have some good reason for shrieking. The act of the Italian Government, it must be . confessed, seems at first sight, even to law-respecting . Englishmen, high handed. The United States have protested against the decree so far as it concerns the funds given by Amercan citizens for the education of American youths at the Propaganda, in prepa ration for the career of a missionary, aud the protest is to be respected. The Argus grows almost tearfully sympathetic with the Pope under this calamity. Its emotions are speci ally moved by the tragical possibility that henceforth Romish priests for English or Australian flocks may have to be trained in England or Australia. A priest, it holds, can only get the true ecclesiastical finish in Rome. Our contemporary forgets the curious educa tional effect a visit to Rome — the " dunghill of Europe," as he termed it — had on Luther, or it would not make this remarkable asser tion. " Tho sucking priest," says the admiring Argus , " lives in the city which is the legal as well as the spiritual centre of his church ; his teachers are continually inviting him to con template the grand series of monuments which stand around him commemorating the triumpliB of their church, from the gloomy simplicity of the catacombs to the gorgeous splendor of the hardly-finished Basilica out side the walls marking the martyrdom of St. Paul. The Church of Rome in her chief seat possesses means of inflaming the zeal and awakening the reverence of candidates for her ministry which are unattainable else where, and hence her anxiety to enable as many as possible of those who are to work elsewhere for her afterwards, to lay the foundation of their learning within sight of St. Peter." How admirably St. Peter must suggest the chastity of the Borgias, and the meek unworldliness of a Tetzel ! What monuments of the " triumphs " of Rome are the offices of the Index and the Inquisition ! How instructive is the mural gulf which separates the catacombs, the hiding-place and and sepulchre of a hunted and persecuted church, from the Vatican, the throne of a church, burning and persecuting ! The logic of the present position the Argus puts thus : " We should think it strange if the Govern ment of Victoria should compel, let us say, the denomination of the Church of England in this colony to put all their churches and lands into the market, and then to invest the proceeds of their sale, together with all trust funds held for the church, in one lump sum in Victorian debentures, although the church might prefer to employ its capital in other directions Yet this would be an exact parallel to the present high-handed action of the Italian Government, which, if it does not, as our correspondent observes, amount to absolute consfication, is at least to be regarded as a piece of political plunder, and a success ful instance of the reduction of the rights of property to a minimum, if not to an absurdity." We do not feel called upon to assume office as the apologists of the Italian Government, and we hope we should as sternly denounce a wrong inflicted on the Pope, as we should one inflicted on a peasant. In the present case, however, it is plain the Propaganda sustains no real loss. The Roman correspondent of the Argus thus puts the matter : " The real property held by the Propaganda is to be con verted into personal property. Nobody doubts that this will be fairly and honestly done. And in all probability the annual, re venue of the college will be larger than, it was before such conversion. It is a fact that the canonries of tho Chapter of St. Peter's, whioh were in compliance with the same law compelled to submit to a similar conversion some years ago, have .now a very considerably larger income than they had before"'. The real Bting of the event for Rome lies ra the fact that it is, the. latest and most striking as sertion of the authority of the Secular Law, over the temporalities of the Pope. More over therein a history and a reason behind the Law of 1873, on which the present1 law is based. For many centuries vast areas of the richest and most fertile soil in Italy have been in the grasp of priestly hands; . For long these were exempt even from taxation, arid when this privilege was abolished they were yet held back from all progress or improve ment. The attitude of the Papacy to .modern life and civilization is illustrated by the cir cumstance that while the Popes kept ! then- temporal power no railway was suffered to enter Rome, and the estates of the church everywhere were centres of sloth and sloven liness, of stagnation and barrenness. The new kingdom has had to rescue its Boil from mortmain ; to wring farmyard and. vineyard, wide pastures and city streets from the grasp of the " dead hand." With that purpose all who desire to see modern ideas prevail -must sympathise. Our own Henry VIII; did this same work in a way infinitely rougher and less scrupulous, and he did it for England's benefit. Italy at least does not confiscate the Pope's patrimony. It gives the Pope coin for coin — solid Government funds for dilapidated city terraces and slovenly half- tilled farms. Incidentally, no. doubt, by making the Papacy a very large holder of Government funds it gives it a very large financial interest in the stability of the Italian kingdom. The Papacy is forever scolding like a fishwife against that kingdom. It would plunge the civilized world into the bloodiest strife to morrow to wreck it. It curses5 it, rising up and sitting down, with a fertility of impreca tion St, Ernulphus himself himself might envy. But the policy of the Italian Govern ment, in converting all ecclesiastical real estate into Government funds, puts the Papacy into this strait ; the wreck of the Italian kingdom means the bankruptcy of the Papacy ! The Pope has threatened, for the thousand and first time, that he will inflict on Italy the final calamity of withdrawing his presence from it. Malta, Monaco, Elba, and half-a- dozen other localities are named as spots to which, as a last resort, the illustrious "prisoner of the Vatican," attended by all his red- hatted cardinals, may betake himself. We suspect the Italian Government would give a very handsome sum, indeed, to secure the execution of this threat. The Pope is the most uncomfortable of neighbours. His affectation of imprisonment is sufficiently ludicrous, and yet must be a perpetual trouble to Italian statesmen. The Vatican is a centre of disloyalty and a hundred ecclesiastical spiders haunt its gloomy passages, spinning with tireless diligence their cobwebs of treason. Every royalty that visits Rouie is put in the sorest straits by papal petulance. The first visit is due, of course, to the king as head of the State, but the Pope will receive no one who visits King Humbert before ho has kissed his sacred toe. It is notorious that the long promised visit of the Emperor of Austria has been postponed, and will pro bably be abandoned, solely on account of this absurd difficulty. So, we repeat, the Italian Government would gladly witness the Pope's departure, and see, with unfeigned delight, the Vatican advertised " to be let, un furnished." But, in spite - of a thousand threats, it is certain the Pope will not leave Rome. By such a step he would lose, not only a great historical seat, but what is quite as useful, a considerable political grievance. He could build a St. Peter's elsewhere, but nowhere else could he pose to his sym pathising flock as a «' prisoner and martyr." To leave Rome, too, would be to make visible and final extinction of the temporal power, - and to that poor ghost the Pope still desper ately clings, in defiance alike of history and common sense.— -Southern Cross. PAYMENT TO CONVENT TEACHERS FOR THE TUITION OF PUBLIC SCHOOL PUPILS. A pretty state of things iB thus reported in the Philadelphia Standard : — " President Judge Dean has decided against Treasurer Michael Bracken, of the Gallitzin School Board, in the suit brought by Wesley Spires to compel Bracken to return to the school treasury .490 dollars, which he paid to the Sisters of St. Joseph's Convent School for teaching certain children who were placed1 temporarily in their charge because there' was no room for them in the public schools. The money was paid by Bracken to Sisters M. Stanislaus and M. Angela, upon properly at tested orders of the School Board, and the Borough Auditors of Gallitzin allowed the credit in the Treasurer's accounts. Spires, a tax- payer of the district, appealed from the- settlement to the Court of Common Pleas,, alleging that the appropriation was illegal,, the money being part of the fund raised by taxation for public school purposes, ahd yet paid for the support of a sectarian school. The parties to the suit waived a trial by jury, and submitted tho determination of the issuo of both fact and law to the court. Judge Dean first refers to the constitutional prohibition of giving any of the public school fund for the purpose of a sectarian school. He thinks that it will not be questioned that the Catholic, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Metho dist, Baptist, and other denominations are sects, each separated from the other by reason- of some special doctrine not held by the others. Therefore, a school established and ' controlled by any one of them, which teabhes or propagates the peculiar or special doctrines of that sect, is a sectarian school. '.While St. Joseph's Convent taught the common branches of an English education, it also taught the doctrines peculiar to the pathoiic,Ghurch, and- - was, therefore, sectarian. - The -land arid - school building belonged to tbe Catholic Church, and were attached to St. Patrick's Catholic congregation at Gallitzin. Prayers, perhaps not peculiar to but generally used by Catholics, were said daily in the school-room by, the teachers and most of the pupils; a 'Catholic catechism was .used in the school for the purposes of religious instruction ; all the school books bore the imprint of Catholic publication societies, and some of them bore the.'printed recommendation and authorisation of eminent Catholic clergy ; the schools were visitedi occasionally hy the Catholic priest in charge'of St. Patrick's Church at Gallitzin ; while in the school-room he sometimes heard tlie; pupils recite and perhaps on one or two occasions prayed with them ; vocal and in strumental music was taught ; pupils were', admitted by, teachers from outside the school:, district and some from another county. /Before contracting with the School Board, to teach seven, months, for 70 dollars a month,. Sisters Stanislaus and1 Angela were examined by County Superintendent Strayer, -and granted certificates by him ; lin visited the- schools taught by them once officially ; they made regular monthly, reports to the board ; there is no evidence that any member of the board visited the schools ; nearly all the children who attended the schools taught by -SistersStanislaus and Angela were the children of Catholic parents ; three or four in each school were'the children of parents belonging to Protestant churches. " The /fact that Sisters Angela and - Stanis laus were members of the St. Joseph's Con- vent and wore the habit of their order while engaged in teaching," says Judge Dean, "in itself proves nothing ; the board had a. right; to employ Catholic teachers if they thought: proper, and the teachers had a right to appear in . the school-room in such dress, as suited their inclination. The life duty of these, wuiuoii ocuuio cv imvo ueeu luul ux aeuuiiiLig,. and they possessed ample qualifications for the performance of it. Nor does the fact that Father' Boyle occasionally visited the schools and heard recitations, of itself prove any thing; it was his privilege and right, as a citizen' of the school district, to visit the; public schools whenever it Buited his convenience. Nor does the; fact that the ground and ; schQol;h'ouse were owned by the Catholic Church of itself have, any weight. While it is the i policy of the law- to have the absolute titleto school property vested in the district, the, board may. rent or use the property of - others for public;- school, purposes. While these-and some other fact8;separately, do mot prove the schoolisec-. l tarian, they do, in connection with, other- morejsignificant matters, harmoniseiwith.that-; conclusion. ' ; ..".The .school books used, we are of opinion, are sectarian, and were intended, by their authors to be so. They; .are doubtless nexj -<ll,ent,.school- books, and - children by .the use., of them would progress as rapidly, and, surely . in reading,, history,- and grammar as by the use , of ,.any others ; in the reading books the selections are from the writings andspeecbes of Catholics and Protestants of acknowledged , eminence in literature and oratory. . While! this is the case, many of the selections,, by argument, and rhetoric, exajt . the,; CathpliCj Church ; at the expense of other, /Christian: sects, -and such was the. intention . of their; author." '< , The Judge quotes copiously from. the texts books in support of his position, arid remarks- that; in the; " Bible; History -' taught > in 'the1 convent all coritrdverted, points are"' presented' from' tlie ' Catholic 'view, none, other , being mentioned. . Among, the 'extract's,, given by! the '! Judge „fr;om this book are-, ther- follow-, >ing 'j; , JesuB, '.chose ; Peter's 1 ship , ifrom : which . to,, teaoh.i Inr the' (Roman, GathplicVOliurclvt of; which -Peter.'s ship - was a figure, ' Jesus; .Christ! continues' 1 to '"-teach 'through the 'Popes, -who; are -the'-' lawful, successors' 'of : Peter. - » The- miraculous draught of ' fishes was also sym'J bdlic/'!lThd:sea'isl thV. world the 'ritis'the; Church;' ? The , .'fishers,' 'af.e' the" bishops ' and ' priests ; the.'fisli tire the'- faitliful, whVjyqlun-v. tarily enter the Church, that thereby 'they' maybe saved. ' - . Peter was the first of the Apostles who, made a public profession of the divinity, of Jesus Christ, and for. his-faith Jesus made him.the chief among the; Apostles, and the future visible head of the Church. For -eighteen hundred years the Popes, who are the successors of St. Peter, have been placed at the head of the Christian world. In the same manner, the sinner recognises liiB sins, repents, and confesses, then willingly; accepts the penance imposed on him, and, lastly, .the. absolution of the priest reconciles ; him to God. The Judge holds that if the convent schools were public schools, as alleged by the de fendants, it was a violation of the declared policy of the law to use these text books. The evidence does not show that any sug gestions as to tho government of the school or the course of tstudios were made., by the superintendent, and followed by the teachers. The monthly reports to the board were merely, statistical. ;.The written contracts -for- teach-, ing relinquish no right of the' control of the schools to the School Board. " The Judge admits that the evil which the law seeks to avoid was fin this'case "'the 'mini-' mum. Probably,. nine-tenths, qf,, the citizens and taxpayers 'of 'GalUtizqre ? Catholics, and nine-tenths of this 'money was' contributed by them. But one dissenting tax-payer has the right to appeal- from such an -appro priation. As to the allegation of the defend ants that even if all that the plaintiff sets forth were true he could not got judgment by. this form of proceeding, because it would- make TreasurerBfacken. .answer, for- the. -Wrongyof -the School Boards the Judge -says that Bracken voted as a member of the board in favour of granting the appropriation, and therefore the order for the payment did not protect him." NEW ZEALAND. Sir George Grey has been on the stump down South. His addresses at Christchurcb, Dunedin, and Oatnfiru have been well re ceived, while the Premier has been hissed and hooted almost everywhere. A great change is coming over the people. The country is suffering dreadfully from depression, and this winter hundreds of men will be out of employment. The Trades and Labour Coun cil haye sent circulars home, warning people not to come hore at present, a very wise and patriotic thing to do. No true man can wish to see people hoodwinked out here by false representations. There has been much of this, to the discredit of New Zealand. Every body, admits its fine climate, but that there is room for more working men at present is a lie. Employment of every kind is very diffi cult for a stranger to obtain. No man in his senses should come hero, on spec., as it is vulgarly called. When work is scarce, and a cloud of depression surrounds us, the electors generally make the cause traceable to bad government, and so the present Ministry have come in for , much abuse. Nearly all our politicians have hitherto' been political ' ad venturers; just' going in for, polities ' to; see; wh at:, they. co.ii I d', get 'o n t of ,'tli e busi riess!, ; ,7- 1 , ' Sir Juliuk'yqg'eVtlie greiitest'adyenture dropped' upon us "at this' peculiar time.' ' 'He?, is, staying., qt„ the Grand .Hotel, v,J)unediri; Poor .Sir jjuliok" 1 The'rejkcteH . of '.Falrno'uth , fB<<re<|t;Xostan<siPoVxour 'E.ast'l'Qoa'rinii'. lie lins;3 'con sen ted ftjp 1 fsfand .WitH" becoming' uiodesty; ;J?r!iuat»'!,(Jvyfi|it' a fkreo! these" requisitions, !are when; we npyjh'pthhy are';' got up; 1 WfiSt'(araine'<rioWu; after Falmputii;; Oh ye ' 'gods ;n'nd 'little fislies' Jip'w ' th'e gr'eatT financier ',iinsfaile'n!:',''Wick': rii.in it'. yllUl JUU I1UULI 1 1 Aw IDrVol j!, OAOIIOI V Dj ill Jlj - Ai w W » Zealand is'a capital' field fpr;n' ployor'dodger.tq . save up and make 'more/filthy lucre.;';' '7;- ' i 'MrMpritgotriery _ has , just ' addressed ;, the , Christcliurch '.plectprate, "arid ' his. speech' .has created!a good impression all 'o ver the' colony;. Heisevjderitjy Uie;best!niari'wo have; got! ; Hp; is shrewd', clever, arid honesty arid. ',a' striking,; contrast to that .blatant, vulgar',' .'Wliiteohapel' politician, the sostyled Major Atkinson. God help the country, if I ho colonial Major ' holds the roins iiiuch longer;" Tho Civil Service has dwelled to. enormous dimehsipns-.during. his regime. \Thq:big building iri Wellington lias ibecome ia' ' re'f ugp; for the destitute, and an jasyluin.rfor. the, sons ;,6f the.pp'pf ' relations , of ministerial connexion. , ... Tho.uHon.-, .Mr.i Rolleston, Minister for iLaridsiw.-did-; .notidireceivo: ia .-very.; ipleasant t reception.) at-'Papanui. -i,; (He '.-goes under'. theY jname' of " Rolling-stone, ""now.- ; -.Two'; Roman Cathplics are up for the'Thorri;;; fdoriseatB.urnley'apii Dwari.- 'The former;; is a- siy'oldjrafibit,' 'and!'krio.a'.'Hnl'(tnck or :t\yp; 'pV'. ; ; ! Walter Johnston, , . 'the 'Manawatu'i ' yapur- o.us imasher,' moves' atjout-.i very, .mysteriously. . ,; lit .is..said he li sb got his' papistical-eye on tho 1 Agent-Generalship, and wants to slip, intp.it , ? quietly; without anybody i knowing it. ! His' :co'-religionists will1 have :a' fine fat time of it, ; like they had in the Telegraph' Department | when he was. Commissioner. It- >vould be ' just tlie "thing for the 'Church to have Mr. Jplinstori/at the' head of Emigration, as Mick! and Patrick will be important and useful members here at future elections.' Mr. Bracken i could tell,. how useful that v.ote is, and so . could' Ivess, Sheehan, and Cliarlio Johnston. "ULSTER MAORL" '- ! THE NEW HEBRIDES QUESTION.— (The Daily Telegrajph pubYiahaa avlongthy and very ablo letter on " The Case of tho'.New Hebrides," addressed to Mr. Gladstone, by the Rev. A.- J. Campbell, as convener, of tho New Hebrides Mission Committee.', of the Presbyterian.Churchof Victoria ;?The Eres- byteriari Churche.s,, saiys Mr. Campbell have been carrying ori mission work in this group f or " < thirty- six1 1 :years. ; ! " Thirty ! 'Eurupettn ! missioriarie8, Avith' their wives, -have been'ori-' ' gaged in it. Of these five have died in' the Tslands, and' five' have been murdered, includ ing WilliamB, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon, ancl the younger Gordon, who came from Nova Scotia to take his brother's, empty bishop.ric, and fell, as his brother had fallen, under the pavages' clubs. Besides these victims, eight native teachers have been killed, so that no lesB than eighteen persons have given themselves to death or martyrdom for tho sake of these poor islanders. Upon these missions, includ ing mission houses;; and . mission ships, we have expended over £150,000. The present .expenditure is about\£600p per_annum. I 'admit that" 'for" this large expenditure we have nothing to-shp\v-;in tho. shape of material returns — nothing but tho. graves of tho dead, and the grey hairs of the'Jjying. We have acquired no land rbeyond what was necessary for mission .purposes. We have engaged in no' trading 'speculations ; and if the people have sent ua rich gifts of, arrowroot, -the. profits of dt have been expended in p'rovidirig4herii , with. the .ord ..joL God in thejr own tongue." . Mr.Gainpbeir.puts, modestly . en'ough the work done and the rights created by this great "expendituro-in money, and toil, and suffering. Then he spates, his , case., thus — " Thirty- six years 'ag6we\anriexed--hot tho New Hebrides Islands, but the New Hebrides islanders, which is a much greater matter — not in the name of Britain, but in the name of ChriBt, which is a much greater name. We claim a prescriptive -right -'to-- the possession of these people for Christ. We claim that, wo have a -'right to hold them within the lines. of our . -Christian teaching without molestution-from ' -any cause,- or from any quarter. -Especially we . "clUim that we -have a right to be protected from the atrocities of, the- labor, traffic.on .tlie. one side and the intrusion of the French upon the other. — Southern Cross. IMMIGRATION IN 1883. — The annual return of the agent for immigration shows that in the year 1883, 21 immigrant eliipS arrived in Port Jackson ; the average length of passage was 90 days. The total number of persons landed here was 8369, equal to 7091 J statute adults. Tlie contract price with each ship was £13 7s. 6d. per statute .adult. Towards the passage money the sum of £9241 10s. was paid by depositors in the colony, and £22,138 was paid to the Agent- General in London. 2637 of the persons who landed here were, nominated in the colony, and 5811 were selected by tlie Agent-General. There were altogether 1076£ married couples, 2294 single men, 1641 single women, and 2281 children. 5382 of the immigrants came from England and Wales, 937 from Scotland, 1903 from Ireland, and 147 from other countries. Amongst them were 6442 Pro testants, 1758 Romnn Catholics, ..and 169: Jews and .other persuasions. Of the grown persons there were 154 wlio could riot read, and 14 who could, read but could not write. Tho callings of the immigrants. are given as follows": — Males : Farming .and general' labourers, 159.8 ; miners,' '48 ;"huilding trades,' 899 ; iron trades.' 149 : 'clothing trad ek, 100 ;' provision trades, '106";. miscellaneous trades; inciudirig! 'msale8 bver;-12. nccoinpahied by or coining , to relatives, 354. ,, Of the .females,' lvware'married' ; women' ; , '1519 ; were domestic (Rervftrits'j'and' 122 , were.'of . other occupations.. '.2569 individuals were by their1 ownlrequest'fof warded- To spine 200 "'different places ih'th'e conritry'diHtricfs.'— SrM'J Herald ; : MR: ; W, 'REDMOND'S 'MAIIDEN SPEECH;; — Mr.:!Wr''Redmprid .'(says thel World) Tuid been-' nearly a week ; iri. the House before 1 lie' made his' maiden speefch. ' Thisj'f or 'an j 'Irish- hrembpf;--'w'a8't!a 'singulnr 'piece of "modesty, and that is about the onljr compliment that uuii uc jmiur iui . xvouiiiwuu uu wio uiov apprsuiy ance. ' His style of speaking reiriihded one of' a performer at a booth theatre--it 'was a' niix-'; turo of ; the acrobat1 arid tlle'tragedianL 'Mr.1 Redmond jumped and danced'.and swung liis body about.ais if he were" engaged in a'gym-1 nastio: rpeff6'fh>arice?'',:iAt':;&voify;! seriten'de' 'the; armsflwere brought round with a' tremendous s weep, !sp' 'that the 'mpinbrs sittirig'riea'r 'hi'm- gave 'bim'a' wide'bertli,' arid it 'seemed : inore than" pnriet;as.if-fthe; KWriv irieinber Avas ' going to j umpYthe' bench -in 'front 'of hi m'i His com patriots 'were a1 goodl deal amazed at' this dis - 1 play'pff'gjMnriastic'oroitory/'ririd'orie 'of them 5 explained 'it by 'saying :tliat';Mr. ' Redmond' had' just 'returned 'frorri'the iarid-oL'tlie ibpuiidirig kangaroo.''! This "was the -oomic side'of' tho; performancP:,uTlie''tragio'it consiBted!!iri!'ithe' delivery, in' a'deep' voice arid in Ja pompous style of the 'commoriest of oin'rrionplaces. There1 wasl|,ohly one idea iri the'speech;' arid this Bpun out through every :kind v6f''c6nfor! tipn,1 ,'and: through' i every: .shade' /df 'iteration. Mr.i Rodmorid will-probably bo' a useful iriaa . ito.falklagainst time, but; that is about all tlie- service lie- is capable of rendering. to his party. ;-WESTON'S WALK: — Weston, the Ameri can pedestrian, who " walks on water j eschewing beer or any more potent liquor— |finished his task of walking 5000 miles iri-TOOi days over the highways of tlie kingdom, by' Ian exhibition at the Victoria Coffee Hall in iLondon on Saturday. ' H|s last riaile/ was j covered in nine" minutes, being the fastest of ; tho 5000. : Since Novem ber 21, when thlei'tour :w'as com inen'ced, W eston has walked over' the | greater portion of England, and has scrupu lously . fulfilled'the ponditions' which were laid; i down 'for the walk. Tho' princi pal of 'these jwere that he should walk 50 miles a day, with the excoptidri of Sundays, that ho .should, not enter a vehicle during;;theHvholei time,. nnd that.no alcoholic stimulants were to be. used. At the1, close of "each "day|a .walking '"lie"" ajso delivered a lecture pu-Heuiprirttrice:''1 About' i 2000 miles were, tvallced; in' buildings. . or . an enclosure of' soirib doscriptiori, arid the re- : tnainder on the hitrh roads; ' : DYNAMITARDS -AS - POETS.";— Murder ; and incendiariBniilas' factors ;in Irislr.poIiticB have yet another advocate in New ?York. The IrishWorld rind a few of its con tempo rari'os, which have hitherto1 monopolised tho profits - of thia;:vile. (propaganda have. now -a fprinid- ; able rivaljin thoDynamile Monthly. _ Tho.con-. tents of . the fir'st number Of ; this publication are quite as highly.. flavoured and ..stimulating, as anything provided by. its competitors for the favour and tlie small change ofyanti-'Britisli Irish-Amorica. The prospectus is especially alluring. " We - believe,"it says, "in dyna mite, and not'only, ..in dynamito„but ..in the more .siniplc, matcli ; and— shocking though it Bcerii8-to 'the more superficial1 thinker— in the- bullet, whether, from within-or - without tho ditch,- and tho knife in close quarters." Among the other atiractioris of the number, there is a poetical tribute to the memory of J oe Brady, of which the; following is a speci men : — ' YV'-iY'l-V'r ; Brady thy name shall stand, ; For iriany-a coming age,- — Emblazed on history's, page With those of ' Brutus aridi his'b'arid, !' ? J ! Who dared'a tyrant'S rage" " " " __ " "" " And struck witli patriot hand, - ' ' And laid: a Gwsar f low,"and;died for lovo of -land. .4 Then i'we have'-", The Origin and -' History of Eriglririd's'Enemy— Dynamite ; "- ra-i'Black'1 List," giving the names of the judges, jurors, informers, r detectives'; i-.Cro wri 'i!co'ii ris.el arid 1 Bblicitbrs'erigaged'iri 'the trials! of "tliri Pnoeriix- Park assassins ; verses by John Burns, of Providence/concluding I wonld'like to see assassination; - : To save the life of any nation \- ..From- emigrationand starvation. \- - Whan nntliinri- filsR will. -rSt James\ Gazette. . ' ' ... . , J JO .;. J. i V !.!. ,. ;. i. : 