CHAPTER XI, FACE TO FACH, Roy Davenport sat like one stunned from some terrible blow after the stranger left the dining-room» as he tried to review the facts revealed in the con- versation to which he had just listened. He had imagined all sorts of things regarding Dot, on his homeward journey, it is true, but to find that all his worst fears were realized, wes a shock { which made his brain reel. Dot the wife of Gilbert Foataine J-married to bim two'weeks after the report of her husband's death I What did it mean? How had it been accom- plished ? Surely Bbe could not be so indifferent to appear- ances and the fitness of things, to willingly do any- thing so unseemly, even though she had been be- trothed to the man previously, and continued ta re- gard him with respect and affection! Notwithstanding that she had been a petted ohiid all her life, her every wish gratified almost before it was uttered, she had always been a reasonable little body where the feelings of others were concerned» and conscientious in the performance of duty, and he could not believe that she would have so wounded the hearts of her parents, and been guilty of such disrespect to his own mother, to say nothing of the speech of people and the violation of all decency, as to marry Gilbert Fontaine as soon, after learning that she was a widow. I "No," he thought, after the first dreadful shock had passed, and he could think a little more calmly ; " there has been foul play from beginning to end," He still clung to the impressions he had received when Bertie Tain first told him his story; he seemed te read.the villain's purpose from first to last. He had determined that he would marry Dot, for she waa a prize which an avaricious man would risk considerable to attain, and fram what he knew of him, he felt he .would not relinquish his object if .It-Wer* noSSlbleJlu-HKisompiian- it-toy- «BJ--mooan in his power. From the information which he had gained by listening to the conversation of the two gentlemen referred to, he saw that his reasoning bad been pretty close, The gentleman from Rochester had said that she disappeared very mysteriously, and was not heard from for two months, when she had returned BB Gilbert Fontaine's wife. That exactly agreed with his theory as deduced from Bertie's narrative. The villain had taken advantage of her accident, and helpless condition, had carried hex to some place and kept her closely confined, while he hurried to Paris, and, with infinite cunning, planned and exe- cuted, as he supposed, the annihilation of bia rival Then, he believed, he had returned to New York, where, by some means, he had drawn Dot into a marriage with him. How he could have succeeded in this against her will, was a perplexing question to Roy, for he knew how spirited and indepenednt she conld be upon occasion, and he felt sure that Bhe would defy him to the utmost rather than consent to sacrifice her self-respect and a proper regard for his memory. "It was horriblerto,contemplate, but this view of it was not so dreadful as that she loved him stillend had willingly married him. Recovering his self-possession by a great effort, he turned as the gentleman from Rochester arose, after having leisurely finished his dessert, and looked at him. It waa a man waurn he had seen often, and knew well by name and reputation, although he had no familiar acquaintance with him. Their eyes met, and the gentleman started slightly and looked at Roy, something as the clerk of the hotel had done, as if he was wondering within him- self whether he had ever seen his face before, and WAS trying to remember where, But, as there was rio answering look ot recognition in Roy's eyes, he turned away and passed out, never suspecting that one of the subjects of his thrilling tale had been so near and listened to its recital. " What shall I do ?" Roy asked himself, as he tried to eat a few morsels for the sake of appearances. " I do not believe that my darling would ever have done this thing unless some influence stronger than her own will had been brought to bear upon her ; while the faot of her remaining with her parents and away from him, proves to me that the union is, to sty the very least, distasteful to her." " If this villian has dared to do her such a wrong," he continued^ " I will not spare him ; for, fortu- nately, I have proofs which will cause him to be put where he can never have the power to do any one a wrong again." Tears were in his eyes as he left the dining-room as he thought how much his mother must have grieved and suffered for him. " Bertie," he said to the boy, on reaching his room and finding him there, " I am obliged to go out of the oity for a day or two, and shall have to leave you here alone. Can you content yourself tú 'keep dark' a little longer ? ' " I can content myself to do anything for you, sir," he answered, in his hearty, off-band way, " Thank you ; but I will not condemn you to soli- tude ! You shall do all the sight seeing you wish, provided you don't go where they will ask you questions which you cannot answer without exposing me. You can go to the theatre, circus, the museum, or park, or anywhere you like. I am sure 1 can trust you, Roy concluded, regarding him earnestly, " Yes, eir,"iBertie replied, meeting his glance with a frank smile. "Thank yon, sir, but it's too muoh,"'le added, flushing crimson, as Roy put a five dollar note in his hand, " Do you think five dollars so very much ?" "I never had so much to epepd for fun in all my life," the boy said, with a fond look at the crisp bill. " Then it ÍB time you had that much in sport. Have just as good a time as you can until I come back, which will be in a day or two at most," Roy replied pleasantly ; and then bidding bia good-by, he left Bertie feeling as rich as a king and the proud- est boy in the United States, Roy went to Rpchester, and stopped over-night at a quiet hotel where he had not been very wel' known, and the next morning be braced himself to the ordeal of going out upon the familiar streets which he had frequented all bia life. Here he met people whom he knew, bat who re- membered him only as a confirmed invalid and oripple, with a thin, pinched face, colouiless cheeks and lips, and dull, heavy eyes, and they paesed the stout, hearty, full-bearded man with a glance of in- quiry, as if somewhere at sometime they had seen a face whose exprereion resembled his, but no one seemed to suspect his identity. He went out to his old home, where be and Dorrie had spent so many happy years, and wondered if those dreary-looking, forsaken houses could be the same which had once rang with their merry, child- ish laughter, and where not a shadow had come to mar their joy until within the last two years. Both houses were shut and every blind closed. He could not get in, and he turned away with a Bigb, and wandered through the grounds, which were in a state of entrancing beauty and luxuriance. But even there everything WQB SO silent and lonely, and reminded him so painfully of the happy days gone by that, with a choking sensation, and with a feeling akin to real boyish homesickness, he turned back into the city, anxious to get away from it all. He went to the post-office, and there he saw the old clerk with whom he used to jest and banter every day when he went for his mail, At the first sound of his voice, he also started slightly, as if it had stirred some memory ; but, after a glance Bt the bronzed, manly face looking into his own, he answered his questions without recogeizing him. " Can you tell me Mr. Francis Arnold's address ? I find that just at present he ia not in the city," Roy had said, This of Itself would have served to betray him if he had not been so greatly changed, bat the man gave the desired Information without a suspicion that it was Dorrie Arnold's husband who had made the request. Having gained the knowledge which he had come to seek-Dot's present »bede-Hoy felt no wish to remain in Rochester any longer. After leaving the post-office, he wended his way back to the station, intending to return immediately to New York. Just as he reached the depot, and was about to enter to purobase his tioket, he saw a familiar form coming toward him. It was Gilbert Fontaine. The man did not see bim at first, as he seemed ab- sorbed in thought ; and so Roy had time to recover himself somewhat from the shook'which went ting- ling all through his veins at the sight of him before meeting him face to face. ' Feeling so secure in the change in his personal ap- pearance, as well as experiencing* some curiosity io test it upon his rival, he stood still by the door as the woald-be murderer approached, and looked him full in the face. Silbert Fontaine raised his eyes as he drew near, stoDDed short at the sieht of him_ «.* o*«» ashen pule, wutieuxainme, startled Imprecation arose to his Ups. But Roy did not lose his self-possession for an in- stant, although be longed to seize the villain by the throat and throttle him on the spot. «I beg pardon-did you speak, sir?" he asked, with the utmost politeness, yet disguising his voice somewhat, in order to make the deception more effectual. "No, no!" Gilbert muttered,.hastily, and passed on into the waiting-room as though anxious to get away from the sight of him, while he shivered as if an icy blBBt had suddenly swept over him, piercing and thrilling him to the very marrow, even though it was one of the hottest days ia June, The guilty conscience of this one enemy had almost proved to bs a keener detective than all the friends that Roy had ever had. If he had not appeared so indifferent to his obser- vation, and deported himself with so much the air of a stranger, it is probable that Fontaine would have believed it to be Roy after all. At all events, stranger or not, his resemblance to his victim, whose face haunted him day and night, had given him a turn from which it took him a long time to recover. He sank trembling upon the nearest seat in the waitlng-roomj and removing Ms hat, wiped the great "drops of cold perspiration from his forehead. "I believe I've hed a devilish fright over nothing," he muttered, with pale lips, after awhile, and turn- ing to look oat of the window at the stranger, "bat those ejes were dncedly like hii. I wonder who he is, any way ; maybe he is some relative. I'm a fool to be upset In this way, when there isn't the slightest possibility that he could ever turn np again." When he was a little more composed, he got up and went out npon the platform again, to take another look at this stalwart ghost, which had so un- expectedly risen to confront him, But Roy was pacing leisurely back and forth, ap- parently in deep thought, his hat drawn down to shade the sun from his eyes, and his head bowed upon his chest. Gilbert was somewhat reassured upon taking this second look, for Roy Davenport, as he remembered him when he waa at his best, had been but a slight stripling, with an exceedingly boyish look and man- ner, his probable weight never over a hundred and fifteen or twenty poundB. On the other hand, this man must weigh at least a hundred and sixty, was nearly twice as broad as the former Roy, and with a manly look and bearing which made him appear several years older. But there was, nevertheless, some strange fascina ation about him, which made Gilbert Fontaine follow his every movement, and he did not breathe freely again nntil the train carno steaming up, and the ob- ject of his fright entered and was borne away from his sight. 