SERMONS. PURITY : AN ADDRESS TO THE WHITE GROSS ARMY. j By the Bishop of Durham. I Purity sorely needed, the sanctions and sup I ports of religion. Purity was not a virtue ot I the Greeks and Romans and Syrians— ot I the heathen nations among whom Christianity I sprung up. It was not even recognised as a moral obligation. It is shocking enougn to I contemplate what goes on among ourselves— -m I our thronged towns, aye, and in our country I villages likewise. But, at all events, profli 1 gacy veils its head. At all events it pays the I homage which virtue extorts from vice, the I homage of concealment. At all events it claims I no kindred and holds no intercourse with re I ligion. What should we say, if we witnessed I . n< n 1 1 9 (KTkaf cKnnlrl UFA wnat ot. iraui wiunosswu. ; i say, if profligacy itself claimed all the sanction I of religion, if prostitution were exalted into a I worship, the priestesses beiDg by their very 1 profession prostitutes, and the temple itself I made the scene of the vilest degradation and I shame? Yes, such was the worship of I that citadel shrine which towered aloft over | Corinth— Corinth, the city of world-wide fame ; I Corinth, thronged with visitors from all parts I of the earth ; Corinth, the famous museum of I Greek art ; Corinth, the capital of the most 1 civilised nation in the world. Yes, you who I would regenerate society by culture and art, I you who believe civilisation to be the only or | chief school of morality, you who exalt aestheti- cism and decry Christianity, think of this. I It is painful enough to reflect on the shocking evils which eighteen centuries of Christian his tory have not sufficed to banish from our midst. But here is something wholly different in kind. Imagine, if you can, this licensed shamelessness, this consecrated profligacy car- ried on under the sanctions of religion and the full blaze of publicity, while statesmen and patriots, philosophers, and men of letters, looked on unconcerned, not uttering one word, and not raising one finger to put it down. Truly, if nothing else had been achieved by the Gospel of Christ, it has earned our undying gratitude for this one service rendered to morality. And as the sanctions of religion were needed j then for the restoration of purity to its rightful throne in the human heart, so are they not less needed now to maintain it there. I say it de liberately, that, so far as I can bee, religion alone can correct this great social evil which is I rampant among us — religion acting upon the I individual conscience, and through the indi- I vidual conscience upon public opinion. Purity I is essentially a Christian virtue. Purity has its roots in Christian principle and Christian 1 doc rine. But, happily, the prineiples are the I most elementary principles ; the doctrines are I the simplest and least abstruse pf all doctrines. I There is no point of controversial theology in- I volved here — nothing which separates churches and sects. What, then, shall we say that these I principles are? J First of all : Man is created in God's image. 1 There i a divine impress stamped upon the soul I of every man and woman who is born into this I world— blurred with ill-usage, corroded with rust. Marred and obscured and weilmgb 1 effaced by selfishness and worldliness, but there j nevertheless. This conscience which reproaches J and condemns ; this dissatisfied loathing of I self which a sinful life engenders, this admira- I tionof uprightness aud purity and self-devotion j in others which raises us above ourselves and j stimulates us to a nobler rivalry— what is it 1 but the impress of God's own righteousness, of God's own holiness, of God's own mercy and I goodness ? Yes, the image and the superscrip tion on this coinage of your soul are God's ; and therefore ycu must render it to God. To mar, to defile, to obliterate this image is to defy God. Impurity is not only impurity. It is sacrilege, it is blasphemy, it is high treason against the King of kings. Ah, yes ; try to realise the image of God, which you bear about in you. You will not dare to profane and sully it. Realise it not only in yourselves, but in others also — in these your sisters, however poor and humble they may be — even in these fallen womeu, so degraded and lost, so steeped in in famy and sin. If they have ceased to respect it in themselves, you, at all events, will con- j tiuue to respect it in them. It will seem nn- ! speakably shocking to you to profane, tc trample down to befoul with mire this holiest of all holy things— this huinuu soul stamped with the image of God. And again : You were redeemed, you wore purchased by the blood of Christ — not you only, but these your sisters also. Must you not look with awe and reverence on that which has cost so heavy a price ? Must you not hold very sacred that which God Himself has held so very precious, that for which He gave the blood of the Eternal Son, to rescue it from sin and to redeem it to life ? Will you, dare yon, thrust down again into hell this human soul which God, by his transcendant power and grace, has thus lifted ud ? Are you tempted to sin ? Think of Christ's blood. The destruc tion of two human souls — your own and another's— two human souls, each more costly than all the world besides, each infinitely precious in God's , sight — what wantonness of cruelty, what defianoe of God, what remorse, what shame, what retribution when these two souls shall rise up in judgment against you in the great day of judgment. Tnirdly and Lastly t You were not only created in God's image, you were not only redeemed by Christ's blood, hut were, conse crated as sanctuaries of the Holy Ghost— consecrated by your baptism, consecrated by your admission into the fold of Christ, conse crated by the repeated teaching of the Spirit in your hearts. What, know ye not that your body is a temple of the Holy Ghost which is in yon— yes, your body with all its frailties, all its ailments, all the defilements which it has undergone, and all the indignities which it has suffered | your bands? Ask yourselves what this means— this dedication, this sanctity, this m- | dwelling of the Holy Spirit. The philosophers of old despised the hnman body. To the true 'disciples of Christ it is tbe most sacred of I sacred things, because the Spirit has con descended to accept it as His temple. He recognises the responsibility of keeping it I pure and inviolate — from all loose words, from all defiling sights, from all idle companion I ship, from all foul deeds. He feels the terror, I as he acknowledges the justice, of the threatened retribution, "If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy." I Keep these three ideas, then, ever in your I remembrance — " I am created in God's image, I I am redeemed by Christ's blood, I am conse- I crated a temple of the Holy Spirit.' These I three ideas? Nay, rather, these three facts, I for as facts they must be realised and I appropriated by you. So appropriated, they I must keep you straight. Living in their light, I you cannot commit the deeds of darkness. Is I n jt this the Apostle's teaching elsewhere ? I What communion hath light with darkness ? I And what agreement hath the temple of God I with idols ?— the hideous idols of uncleanness I and lust— "for ye," he continuetb, "ye are I the temples of the living God. . . Wherefore come out from among them and be ve separate, saith the Lord, ana touch not the unclean thing." Yes, I beseech you young men, by all that is pure and lovely, by all that is manly, by all your noblest affections, by all your most generous impulses, by all your truest hopes for time and for eternity, touch not the unolean thing, however insidious its addresses and however attractive its disguise ; but spurn it from you as a foulj loathsome, venomous reptile, whose poison entering into your soul will permeate and spread till your entire being and your whole life are tainted by its deadly action. Have you retained your purity ? Watch over it, cherish it, guard it jealously as God's most precious gift to you. Have yon sullied your vesture ? Despair not. Fight the good fight. Struggle manfully. Wash your robes white in the nlood of the Lamb. There is still a promise for such as you. "He that over- cometh, the same snail be ciotnea in wtute raiment, and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life." Public opinion in this matter of purity is grossly perverted and gone astray. There is one law for man, and another for the woman. The sin which is condoned io the man is visited with the heaviest social penalties in the woman. Yet the man is commonly the chief offender. This is unjust ; this is mean and dastardly. You are banded together to redress this wrong. You are pledged to denounce this iniquity. You will have none of this cowardly, ungene rous unequal dealing. You will endeavour to restore the Christian ideal, which makes no difference between the sexes. It is only by the influence of large bodies, banded together and openly prof earing their principles without fear and without shame, that public opinion is influenced. And, if only you will unite in sufficient numbers, if only you will courageously avow your principles, publie opinion must be shamed into a better mind — must be changed. There is a beauty, | there is an attractiveness, there is a glory in Eurity, which speaks for itself, when once it is . eld up to view. I We have been long silent about these things; and the evil has spread unchecked. You can not condemn that of which you are afraid to speak. Frankness, courage, plainness of deal ing, are needed. But do not mistake me. God forbid that you should be tempted to rake I about and grovel in the loathsome details of I impurity. Here lies the danger of this move- I ment to men of corrupt minds. Avert your I gaze from these. They will assuredly drag you I down, if you consent to dwell on tbein. Nay, I lift up your eyes and behold white-robed I purity enthroned in the heaven of heavens. I The view will attract, will entrance, will trans- I form you into the image of its own glory. I " Blessed are the pure in heart ; for they I shall see God." No rewaid which the world I has to bestow would meet the case. Wealth, I pleasure, renown, popularity — these are the I world's best and choicest gifts. But purity of 1 heart seeks npt these. Purity breathes another | atmosphere, lives in another world, exercises I other faculties, pursues other aims. And as I are its aims such is its reward — not substantial I as we regaid substantial, but very real, never- I theless, because alone satisfying, alone lasting, alone independent of time and circumstance. To the pure in heart it is given to stand face to face before the Eternal Presence— the veil with drawn, and the ineffable glory streaming upon them wit h peerless splendour. Theirs is tbe indwelling of " the spirit that doth prefer betoie all temples the upright heart and pure." To them is vouchsafed in their journey through life the presence of the Holy Thing v " moving " with them night and day. In the strength of this presence they — like Sir Gidahad, tbe spotless knight of the Lauteate's idyl — they ride onward, " shattering evil customs everywhere, till they reach their goal, and Heaven receives them and they are crowned as kings far in the spiritual city." Pursue purity therefore before all things Provide yourselves with healthy occupations — with hcakhy recreations for the body, with healthy studies for the mind ; above all, with . healthy affections and sympathies for the heart. Seek what is healthy in all things Avoid_ all taint of corruptness. You know how difficult it is to dislodge a corrupt idea froui your heart, when it has once found a place there. It will recur again and again, I though you would give anything to forget it. Yet you can recall noble and elevating thoughts only by an effort. Herein the moral I world is like the physical world. Disease Bpreads apace by contagion. Health, has no such spontaneous power of diffusing itself. Therefore exercise a stern and rigorous delf- ' discipline. Above all cultivate the spirttuaF life by prayer and meditation ami study of your Bible. It was a true instinct which led our poet to represent his blameless knight &» laymg his lance at the ohapel door and lcneel I mg m prayer, when he starts on the quest I which ia rewarded with the eternal vision ef I glory. Thus doing, you will dedicate to GodS I the sacrifice which pleases Him best — the free- 1 will offering of the freshness and purity of j growing youth and manhood ; and He in the J will vouchsafe to yon the one transcendent. I blessing which is the crown of human bliss— X 1 vision of Himself in unclouded glOiy>- «dr thty see Gffii" w 