[?] Kercark of a little American girl on visiting an ia valid friend. 'Well,' I'm sorry you'resiek; hutl guessyOX acSda'tTia ? cross because you arc.' . ... The Rev. Stephen Gladstone draws a larger stipend - more than £7000— from his rectory of Huwarden than his father, Mr. Gladstone, raeeiyes as Prime Minister. An Irishman, speaking of a friend whom he suspected of living altogether beyond his means, observed that he believe! lie would owe several thousand pounds after all his debts were - paid. ? ' The value of tbe oysters consumed yearly in JNew York u set down at at 9,000,0u0 dollars ; at Boston the annual expendi ture under this item is said to be 1,700,060 dollars ; and at Philadelphia, 1,500,000 dollars. ' I tell you,' said Poots, ' there's an indescribable sense of luxury in lying in bed and ringing one's bell for one's valet.' 'Tou got a valet?' exclaimed Pool's friend. 'No,' replied Poots ; ' but I've got a bell ! ' There are at present in the United Kingdom quite 32-5,000 railway men, including officers, clerks, hotel servants, steamboat men, canalmen, factory operatives, &c;, as well as railway servants proper. The latter number about 160,000 men. As a stout old lady got out of a crowded omnibus, in iront of the Astor House, the other day, she exclaimed : ?' Well, that's a relief, anyhow.' To which the driver, eying her ample |pco portions, replied : ' So the -'osses thinks, mum.' Elderly passenger (to season ticket-holder in the train) — ' Tou have no ticket !' Ticket-holder — ?' Mo ; I travel on my good looks.' Elderly passenger (after looking him over) — ''Then probably you ain't goin' very far.' General smile. Writing of Alfonso in Paris, Mr. Labouchere recalls the fact that shortly after Queen Victoria came to the throne she was hissed and booted at Ascot, not by the mob, but by the lords aad ladies, dukes and duchesses, who called her Mrs. Melbourne. An elderly schoolmistress is mentioned, in the recent re port of a Church of England school inspector, who, when he proposed to her that the children should sing, shook her cane in the faces of the young folks, and said, ' Now, you little wretches, sing ' God is merciful,' will you 2' A long cold, winter has passed by the time some people have learned to shut the door after them, and a loag, hot summer passes before they learn to keep from shutting the door when it ought to be open. Such persons are the remote cause of half the profanity there is in t he wotld. Isabel's became Queen of Spain on September 29, 1833. She fled from that throne and took refuge in France on September 29, 18GS. And her son, King Alfonso, was hooted at by a mob ia the Btreets of Paris on September 29, 1883. There's encourage ment for people -who believe in omens and fatal days. When I feel inclined to read poetry I take down my dictionary. The poetry of words is quite as beautiful a3 that .of sentences. Bring me the finest simile from the whole range of imaginative writing, and I will show you a single word which, conveys a more profound, a more accurate, a more eloquent analogy.— O. W. Holmes. A beggar has died in Illinois who had amassed a fortune of C5,C0O dollars, although he had been born a cripple. At the close of the American civil war he bought an old soldier's uniform, and represented himself as having been wounded in battle. Itj three years he had saved 65.000 dollars, and he was then content to retire and live upon the interest. Mr. Kroasing points out the following mode of determin ing ?which of two objects seen at a distance is further off than the other. Let the reader suppose two tree*, for instance, standing in a line with the eye ; if he moves his eye to the right the tree which is nearer will appear to move to the left, and the other will seem to follow the motion of the eye. r, One oyster may contain a million eggs. Theyonngono floats about for several days, during which, it may be carried by currents perhaps 70 or 80 miles, when it falls to the bottom anl turns over on its left side; one of its valves then becomes fastened to the support below, and grows thicker as time passes on ; the upper valve becomes flat. The oyster requires at least 3 per cent, of saline matter in the water in order to live. .. It is to wine- drinking, says an examiner of musty records, that we owe the origin of the kiss. After Micenuius caught hu wife sucking his finest wines through the burtghole of a barrel with a straw, the custom became general in Rome for the husbands to kiss the lips of their wives, that they might discover the quality of their good ladies' stolen libations ; and Cato the elder recommends this plan to the serious attention oi all careful heals oi families. . One morning Jerrold and Compton proceeded together to view the pictures in the Gallery of Illustration. On entering the ente-room, they found themselves opposite to a number of very long looking-glasses. Pausing before one of these, Compton re marked to Jerrold, ' You've come here to admire works of art. Very -well ; first feast your eyes on that work of nature ! ' — point- ing to his own figure reflected in the glass. ' Look at it; there's a picture for you !' 'Yes,' said Jerrold, regarding it intently, ' very fine, very fine indeed ! ' Then, turning to his friend— ' Wants hanging, though ! ' 11 No,' said Fogg, ' I never have to tip a waiter. I do better. I pick out one waiter, and take particular pains to go to his table everyday. I work on his expectations, don't you see. Be expects a heavy tip each day ; if he does not get it to-day he feels sure of it to-morrow ; if the morrow does not bring it, he thinks the next day will. So you see, he grows more and ' more attentive daily. He is like your grocer', who. having trusted you once, keeps on trusting through fear of not getting his first money back.' ' But suppose the waiter g-pts discouraged 1' suggested Brown. 'Then I cliange waiters,' replied Fogg, ' and begin anew on some other fellow.' l The Human Pulse. — The human pulse has a rather wide range, but the general average may be put as follows :— At birth, 110; at two years, 100 ; at. from 16 to 19 years, SO ; at manboad, 75 ; old age, 60. There arc, however, great variations consistent with health. Napoleon's pulse is said to have been only. 41 ia tile minute. A case is also related of a healthy man of 87. whose -pulse was seldom over 30 during the last two years of his life, and sometimes not more than 26. Another man of 87 enjoyed good health and spirits with a pulse of 29 ; and there is also on record the curious instance of a man whose pulse in health was never more than 45, and, to be consistent in his inconsistency, when he had fever, his puke fell to 40, instead of rising, as is. usual. Carrying One's Cross.— Taking np one's cross means simply, writes Mr. Buskin, that you are to go the road which you see to be the straight one, carrying whatever you find is given you to carry as well and stoutly as you can, without miking faces or calling people to come and lookat you. Above all, you are neither to load nor unload yourself, nor cut your cross to yoar own liking. Some people think it would be better for them to have it large, and many that they could carry it much faster if it were small; and even those who like it largest are usually very particular about its being ornamental and made of the best ebony. But all thai you have really to do is to keep your baok as straight as you can, and not think about what is upon it— above all, not to boast of what is upon it. The real and essential meaning of ' virtue ' is in that stnuRhtnessof back. . Linguistic Whimsicalities.— The Germans call a thimble a ' finger-hat,*' which it certainly is, and a grasshopper a ' hay horse.' A glove with them is * ' hand-shoe,' showing evideptlv that they wore shoes before gloves. Poultry is ' feather cattle ; ' whilst the names for the well-known substances oxygen aud hydrogen are in theirianguage ' sour stuff ' and ' water stuff.' The French, strange to say, have ho verb ' to stand/.' nor can a Frenchman Bpeak of ' kicking ' any one. The nearest approach he makes to it in his politeness is to threaten to *' give a blow with hu foot ' ' — the some thing probably to the recipient in either case, but it seems to want the directness, the energy of our ' kick.' Neither has he any word for ' baby,' or for ' home ' or ?? comfort.' The terms 'up-stairs' and 'down-stairs' are also unknown in French. The Hindoos are said to have no word for 'friend.' The Italians have no equivalent for ' humility.' ' ? ? ? Middle Life.— 'The burden aai heat of the day.' How closely these words come home to' men in middle life, strug gling with unfinished schemes, and hampered with accumulated responsibilities. In youth, there is hope, -without care; in age. after a well-spent life, there is retrospection and the peace of accomplished work. But middle life ha» lost the teadernes* of hope; it cannot realise the peace of resignation; retro spection seems to show only wasted time; expectation Io3k3 for ward only to fresh difficulties. ' At thirty man suspects himself a fool; :. . Knows it at forty and reforms his plan ; At fifty, chides his infamous delay, Pushes his prudent purpose to resolve ; In all the magnanimity of thought Kesolves ; and re- resolves; then dies the same.' — W. C. Proctor, in ' Sunday Magazie' for November. Recreation.— Every part and power of the human body, to be kept in full efficiency, requires, says Sir James Pafret, F.R.8.. some measure of exercise and change. The desire for change should be satisfied as though it were a desire for food or drink. There aie three things which enter mostly into recreation — un- certainty, wonder, and the exercise of Bkill in things whioh. ore not of the ordinary daily work. Uncertainty is to be found even, in the mind of a boy when tossing his halfpenny into the air. He sees it fall, and the uncertainty as to which side will turn up is a refreshment to him, as being; a thing apart from his daily toil. The same with games of chance, when played without the element of gambling. Fireworks, great plots in theatres, fairy tales, ghost-stories, sensational novels, the big letters on newspaper placards, anything, however fallacious, that creates wonder in the mind of a man refreshes him. In bunting, fishing, and the felling of trees, there is an exercise of skill apart from the ordinary labour of the day. Those who have mental work, to do ought to have some manual labour afterwards, and those who have manual labour should fir.d recreation and refreshment in mental oosupa- . tion of some kind or other. 