What is wanted in the Church of Christ ? [COMMUNICATED.] IT is a matter of extreme thankfulness to all who have Ihe cause of tlie Redeemer at heart, to notice during tlie past three or four years, the very considerable increase in the religious earnestness and success of the various religious denominations in this colony. Aitfer some years in which the actual increase in membership was very small, we have seen reported, year after year, increases of a very substantial kind. That there should be any cessation or diminution of this regular increase, would be a matter of infinite regret, and against such a result in our religious history, all truly devoted servants of Christ will "pray without ceasing." To avoid a return to a state of unaggressiveness and failure, and to secure still greater success, it is important not to overlook the fact that, as yet, the success of the churches is only partial, and, to make a fair and honest admission, that something more is demanded to meet the want of the church and the world. When we look at the work to be done by the church in carrying out God's design in regard to the conversion of the world, and then see the actual results, we must feel that something more is needed. Taking merely the annual increase in the membership of the Christian churches, we must consider that increase as lamentably small in sight of a perishing world. Doubtless there are, in every church, those who are well content that things should be as they are—who appear to consider that very fair progress is made, but those Christians who are spiritual and in sympathy with the designs of their Lord in regard to the salvation of the world, must feel that there is cause for great heart searching and a want of higher forms of Christian experience and effectiveness. In answering the question which stands at the head of this article, we would say that in the first place, the Church of Christ needs her ministers and leaders to be men full of the Holy Spirit. In saying this, we do not deny that the leaders of the Christian churches are earnest men; nor do we say that there are not, here and there, those who live in the fulness of the Spirit; but this we maintain, that with all their earnestness, there is not that fulness of power and wisdom, which is available in the work of winning souls to Christ. We believe that every preacher of the gospel, clerical or lay, every prayer or class-leader, and every Sunday-school superintendent and teacher, may be as truly " full of the Holy Ghost and of faith " as was Stephen or Barnabas. The gift of the Holy Ghost is made to the church for all times- Still the promises hold good, " I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh," " If ye, being evil, know bow to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father, who is in heaven, give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." That there is an induementof power for every believer in Christ we cannot doubt, without giving the lie to Scripture promises and precepts, and it is of the very greatest importance that those who lead the hosts of God's elect, should be men full of spiritual power—" Strong in the Lord and in the power of His might." Let the leaders of the Christian churches, the ministers, leaders, deacons, elders, lay preachers, fairly consider their responsibility to God, and also the power and wisdom available through a free baptism of the Holy Ghost. Let them seek by continued, earnest, united, faithful prayer the grace of a full consecration and divine anointing for their work, and, rallied by such leaders, the people of God will go forth to achieve glorious and unceasing conquests through the blood of the Lamb and tlie word of His testimony. A second essential, which we would include in our answer to the question above, is, that the church wants members who shall be truly witnesses for God. In publishing the great truths of the Christian religion, what is wanted is, that those professing to have embraced it should be found living in accordance with their profession. The greatest hindrance to the spread of the gospel is undoubtedly presented by the members of the church itself. All the foes of Christianity, many though they be—superstition, worldliness, freethought, licentiousness, fashion, and avarice—are not doing the cause of Christ so much harm as Christians themselves are doing by their -worldliness, sloth, selfishness, pride, and unbelieffin their life and service. Tlie wounds with which Christ is wounded most deeply, are those inflicted in the house of His friends. The church wants members who, while believing in a future state of existence, shall show at the same time by their righteous, sober, and godly life, tliat they are looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of their Saviour Jesus Christ. The church wants members who shall not merely pretend that the things of this world are vain and unsatisfying, but shall witness that fact in their daily life. Unfortunately, in the church of Christ, so called, there is in numberless instances the same making haste to be rich, the same laying up treasure upon earth, the same striving for social position, the 6ame love of fine houses, fine dress, and costly living, that is observed in men and women of the world. And yet we try to make men think that the world is vain. The church wants members who shall, by their conduct, show that the joys of religion are all satisfying, who shall give evidence of a deadness to the world and worldly pleasure, who shall " enter into the joy of their Lord " even here ; lead a life of active benevolence, who shall live " not for ease nor worldly pleasure," but whose life and spirit shall proclaim, " Lo I come with joy to do the Master's blessed will, Him in outward works pursue, aud serve His pleasure still." The church wants members who shall so live and move about among the unsaved as to convince them of their guilt and danger. Those who believe in the terrible condition and destiny of the impenitent, act with terrible inconsistency sometimes, in their presence. If after an appeal to the unconverted from the pulpit, tlie Christians of the congregations show themselves too indolent, or too careless to stay to the after meeting, what wonder if the unsaved come to the conclusion that their case cannot be as bad as is represented. Christians should be serious, earnest, tender and compassionate at all times to those around them, but never careless or trifling. The church wants members who, while full of love for perishing souls, shall show by their lives that they are jealous of the honour of their Saviour, and who shall bear witness against iniquity and impenitence continually. The church wants members who show by holy living that they believe that " Without holiness, no man shall see the Lord"—who 6liow by self- denial, humility, and heavenly-mi ndedness, that they are the true followers of Him who came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ransom for all. The church wants a membership fully devoted and consistent, and then the knowledge of the Lord would soon cover the earth. To every reader of this article we would say, the church wants you to consecrate yourself fully to Christ so that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit, and be such an agent as He may use in bringing souls to Christ. 