ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. AVh noithor hold oureelvoa roaponuiblo for uor Woutify oursolvos witlitlio oninious oxprossod by our corrospoudouts. ' ? '?! ! ' AN EXPLANATION! ' ''^ TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' QYMI'IE TIMES.' biR,— In a late issuo of a northom and ;also a southern journal appoa'r-- some romarks reflecting iupon a statement I mado in a roport presonted to a Gympio prospecting party, who did mo tho honor to depute mo to visit the Rockharapton goldfields ; and as such statement is calcu lated tojuisload, it becomes imperative that I should offer some explanation. In tho nrat place 1 stick steadfastly to overy word the roport contained, and challongo tho Rockhampton correspondents to disprovo tho truth of any ono sentenoo. I regret to find theso correspondents havo found it necesjary to resort to tho lowest dospioablo method of flooring an adversary by malici ously asserting untruthi. .The unpalatable faots are not far to seek. Thoro 13 a leery lot of poverty-sirickbn goldfiold parasites fluttering around tho Mount Morgan oandlo, hundreds of acres of land havo boon taken up whoro the ghost of rosomblanco to tho Mosgan ininodoes not oxiat. ; Tho barbed sting of truth is sorely folt by thoso holdors whon a condemnatory ro mark, is made whioh may, in offect, upsot their rottdn11 applo cart3. I said in ono of my reports that I boliovod 75 por' cent, of the recent tako-upa would bo abandonod in' loss than, twolvo months, not wholly because . the probabilities of profitable inveatiheub did not exist, but becanae holders noyor con tetaplated bonufidc^ working, thoir object b' or ing to trade off their bogussos upon a; orodul ous public 1 saw' spores o£ parties oa tho different fields holding immonno' areas' in, : their own little way without the inoauo or influence to famish and- work thorn for three months. Thoy certainly havo a method by which they oitoh a- land maokerel now andagnin ; this enables thorn. to shell out from their bark mid' catico haunts; hire buggies and pairs, and do b'lty hotel deportment while tho catoh lasts; with' the honorable exception of ten per cent., that is the state of the mine proprietors nt Rockhampton. I inferred in a eontri bution to the Morning Bulletin that 'the' sooner this state of things had run umuok the sooner thore would exist a healthy oom-' morciul blending botween the mining oapi talist and his 00 ?adventu'rar-r-tlia working minor pure and simple. I call a - spade -a, spade, and I am not going to knuckle down... to an/spade, and flatters it. that it ;i9 isn engine. If I havo nothing to lose I may have nothing to gain by moving iri'a direc tion that I believe has at loasf. tho air oS. probity about it. ? ? Yours obliged, JAS. E. BONFiiTY. 