Notes of the Week. At present the Legislative Assembly sits very little on Fridays, and on Tuesdays the sessions are short. The principal part of the business on Tuesday was to answer questions. Mr. Farnell said that the estimated area of unalienated land in the eastern division as described in the new Land Bill was 40,467,000 acres, in the central division40, 095,000 acres, and in the western division 78,764,000 acres. Mr. Wright said that there were three surveyors employed. kiii iuc uuiiu-tunou laurtay uiie trim survey oeiweeu Maitland and Grafton. Mr. Cohen said the arrest of the man Lahy at Wellington for travelling sheep without a permit seemed to be justifiable. Mr. Wright said that tKe south- coast railway to Cook's River was expected to be finished in about three months. He also said that, lie would submit his new railway proposals as soon as possible. Mr. Suttor and Mr. Abigail asked for returns relating to expen diture, &c;, in Public schools. The amendments of the Legislative Council in the limitation of Actions for Trespass Bill and the Dubbo Cattle Saleyards Bill were adopted. In the Legislative Council, the Butchers1. Sunday Closing Bill and the Sen tences Mitigation Bill were advanced. Report of committee on expenses of private bills was received and dealt with. Dams for Pastoral Purposes Bill referred to a committee. In the Assem bly questions were asked relating to life-passes on railways, a tram line from Parraraatta to Castle Hills and Baulkham Hills, the registration of children with a view to their attendance at dayschools, the private letter -box &ystem;, and the passage of sheen over the Queensland border. Mr. Abigail complained that the Central and Water Police courts were un healthy. Mr. Cohen said he was aware of that fact, and that provision was being made for a better state of things. The Tobacco Bill No. 2 read a second time and passed through com mittee. Metropolitan Magistrates Act Amendment Bill read a first time. Necropolis Act Amendment Bill read a second time and passed through committee. The Matrimonial Causes Bill went into committee. Estimates for the Department of Publie Instruction occupied considerable. time. They were passed down to the sum placed for Hurlstone Training College. On Thursday evening the House again addressed itself to the Education Estimates. Estimates for the Department of Public Instruc tion occupied the House on Wednesday. The usual attempts at paring cheese were made by hon. mem bers— that is, some of them seem to think that a man who holds a good appointment should, work for nothing and board himself. But this is characteristic of a few only. There are others who see that if good work is to be done in this Department there must be good men to do it, and' that good men deserve to be well paid. The country may be congratulated on the tone which prevails regarding public education. It was not always so. Nor is it to be won dered at if a few hotheads, ' including perhaps a Minister in charge of a department, desire to run to the extreme of the old state of things. It is the danger of. the hour ; that w all, nothing more. Common sense is beginning to be heard, and its voice distinctly says that, whilst nothing must be spared, at the same time nothing must be wasted. There is quite BB much danger of undertaking to do -too much, as of being extravagant of money in what is done. In fact the question has yet to be Bettled how far the State should undertake the education of the youth of the country, making it as cheap as possible ana compulsory. To Primary schools have been added High schools, and to these again a costly department of Technical instruction. The University has own. enlarged, and the Grammar school awaits an. ^oi' tional grant. If all these things can be done, well and good. ' It is better to spend money in this way *»*?? in some others that might be named. But after all it is not so much a matter of what is good, end of what the country may desire to aee done, as of what it i» able to do. The attack on the Training College for I girls was illtimed. That new and somewhat notonous ?institution is not on faultless lines, but it mitftnot De I slut up for a fault. If Parliament, if the Govern I nu at be not satisfied, let the management of the place I be changed. To refuse a training, the best that can [ be got, for female teachers is to practise economy at the expense of everything that depends upon £ood I teaching. ? * I The social nuisance against which the inhabitants ? of one of the suburbs of Sydney have just peti ? turned the Inspector-General is no new thing. No ? cane person will deny that the presence of a : dancing hell in a quiet suburb is only a trifle less bad than smallpox or any other bodily infectious malady. Unfortunately there is no direct legal remedy. If the people dwelling in the immediate vicinity aver that their health and comfort are seriously interfered with by night' orgies, a civil action may be commenced, but nothing further. No one is better aware of this fact than Mr. O'Malley Clark or the Inspector-General himself. Those familiar with the operations of the devil's workshops in Sydney know that the liberty to frequent ihe streets at night, the contaminations inseparable from some of our forms of social life, the skittle- alleys for the boys and the dancing hells and sundry of the harbour picnics for boys and girls alike, form the initial links in the chain of events that cul minate almost inevitably in prostitution and crime. Tf the law has the ' deepest compassion ♦' for the felon, as the Chief Justice would have us believe, why does it stand by watching these terrible developments, only able or willing to stretch forth its arm to punish when nearly all hope of reformation is past!1 We are just awaking to the necessity of attempting to prevent crime. The Verhon and the girls' industrial schools and institutes are faint com. mencements. The boys' reformatories should be provided at once, and a special bill should be passed through the Legislature to compel the licensing of every dancing hell and skittle-alley in Sydney. If there is one out of trie round dozen of our city members who is really anxious to do something to benefit the community generally to an incalculable extent, here is a chance for him. The French have at last attacked and taken Bacninh, and China has made no sign. The fortress was defended, it seems, by numbers of Chinese soldiers, who, by the way, proved themselves as cowardly as Egyptians ; but there is nothing to show that they were led by Chinese officers, or at least that they acted under the direction of the Chinese autho rities. Six months ago the Marquis Tseng intimated that China could stand a good deal, but that she would not endure an attack on either Sontay or Bac ninh. Towards the end of the year, however, Sontay was taken, and China held her peace. It was then intimated that the French might take Sontay, but that they would not be allowed to advance on Bacninh. It has been known for many weeks past that in Bpite of the warnings of China the French fully intended to take Bacninh as soon as they were ready. Now the occupation of the first stronghold has followed that of the second, and avowedly, at least, China does not even make an attempt to hold the city over which she asserts sovereignty. Not only have the French captured Bacninh, they have done so with considerably less trouble than the taking of Sontay gave them. We are told that the French losses at the former are only eight killed and 30 wounded ; at the latter the losses, after four days' fighting, were in killed and wounded no less than 300. The result of all this will be a very general belief that China is addicted to saying what she does not mean, and that she either is quite unequal to the task of defending herself against the French, or that she is afraid she is unequal. It is now getting clear not 'only that China does not want to fight, but that she does not intend to fight. The belief has alwajs been that China is slow ; but after what has happened at Sontay and at Bacninh the im pression will be that she is not only slow, but weak. We are now told that the French intend to seize some Chinese territory, pending the payment of a heavy indemnity, and the probability is that the intention will be carried out. The battle at Zareba will be ranked with such battles as that of Tel-el-Kebir. A hundred thousand Egyptians would not have saved the place. Had. all ?the crimped recruits of the Delta been massed and ?broken as was that leading square of Major Graham's brigade, they Would have been ridden down and slaughtered, literally killed as flies again. And really it was by no means such a sure thing for the, Brifibh when the head of the overwhelming force was thus fairly pushed to their centre. The square was broken beyond doubt, and the Arab swords and lances were at work, 'but the battle, had been carefully planned. The cavalry were ready, and charged with irresistible fprce. It is easy to .realise the effect of that movement. 'Scotland for ever'/' was heard again along the line. The regiment Tallied and rolled forward again, a full-crested wave, before which Arab and nigger went down as children's sandbanks before the advancing tide. It was an easy, and a terrible rout when once the tide was turned ; but seldom has the fate of a battle been more evenly on the balance than that of Zareba before the effective cavalry charge. Admiral Hewett and General Graham have offered £1000 for the head of Osman Bigna ; but the British Government do not approve of the action of their officers, and indeed it is very difficult to 'understand the motive of ' the commanders in making such an offer. Did they imagine that they could buy off some of his adherents by this sum —persuade some venturesome fellow to 'venture into his tent at night and bring away the severed and bleeding.headf All possibility of the sort seems Tague and distant. And on the other hand probabili ties -are wen which should notT-e missed. Such an offer makes theJMahcU's lieutenant utterly reckless iand desperate. If he would fight as a savage before he will fight- as a wild beast nowi If he had no mercy before he will be filled. with * raging thirst for vengeance now. And suppose, as is exceedingly probable, news of the offer should get across from the lieutenant to his, master, .might it not be the signal for a war of extermination against all the British in the Soudan? General Gordon is not supported hy three thousand picked, troops and a good and well protected and always accessible base of opera tions. He stands on diplomacy as General Graham on strength, and it would be a very awkward piece of retaliation if the Mahdi should view it in this light. 'You offer a thousand pounds for the head of my lieutenant ; I will take the head of your colleague or governor, and consider it a fair exchange.' What ever comes of it, this seems painfullv clear, we are ^ fighting in one fashion about Suakirn, and in another ?aJt Khartoum. Strong war and unmistakable suppres sion may be necessary, but symptoms of hloodthirst are repugnant to the British nation. The verdict of the jury in the case Johnston v. Campbell will probably exercise considerable influence ?upon the minds of members of the medical profession. 1 he action was brought to recover damages for want of skill or care, or both, in the treatment of a child's *rm, broken and dislocated at the elbow-joint. A large amount of professional evidence was taken, and showed oleariy that the injuries having been of an. \- / -..-. ,,:.- .'.*' '-/.,. ? . .:? - . ?.'..? '??, .- ???'? ? - obscure character th&\- case required from the beginning the utmost, and , perhaps exceptional, care as well as Bkill in examination and treat ment. An element of complication was introduced by the fact that during the progress of the case the child had another fall, which raised the question whether the actual condition of the arm when the action was brought might not be partly the result of later injuries. The verdict of the jury was marked by an intention to discriminate, for nothing was said in it about wan£of skill, and its words were; 'We find that the injury at present existing is attributable to want of necessary and reasonable care on the part of defendant, and we award £500 damages.' The importance of this verdict lies in the allegation of want of care. An unskilled jury may be misled amidst a tangle of professional evidence, where the question of( skill is at issue; but as men of the world the jury should always be able to arrive at a conclusion as to the question of reasonable and necessary care. And care is what sufferers by disease or accident may not always command at the hands of skilful doctors. What is the use to them of the best skill in the world if it be accompanied by carelessness? The very possession of skill beyond challenge may tend in some cases to induce a want of that pains taking carefulness which patients who submit them Eelves to treatment have a right to look for. The result of this action will point out to all concerned that this is a tendency to be resisted, for obviously it is not a simple question of damages and costs to the practitioner. From a colonial standpoint there is something very curious in the franchise discussions which are now occupying so much attention in England. In this colony what would be thought of a proposal to give the Parliamentary franchise to a householder in Surry Hills, for example, and to withhold it from a house- ' holder at Randwick r The wildest of reformers would never think of proposing a lower qualification for a voter who lived in a borough than for one who lived in a county. This, however, is the state of things which exists in the mother country, and a proposal to remedy it will occupy most of the time of the Parliamentary session which began a few weeks ago. In England any occupier of a dwelling for twelve months is qualified to vote for a member to serve in Parliament for a borough; The privilege of ' voting is also accorded to lodgers whose lodgings cost them ten pounds a year and upwards. To vote in a county, however, a man must possess a leasehold - worth five pounds a year, or be an occupier as owner or tenant of lands or tenements within the county of the ratable value of twelve pounds or upwards. Thus a person who is on one side of an electoral boundary has the vote by virtue of his being a householder, while the man who is on the other has no vote except his house is of the ratable value of twelve pounds a year. It is needless to say that in England, and especially in the counties, there are tens of thousands of respectable families who occupy tenements which cost less than twelve pounds a year. To those who have imbibed the notions which prevail in younger com munities, it will seem strange enough that the in equalities named should have existed in a progressive country like England so long. Lord Salisbury, how ever, and the party he commands protest against the bill of Mr. Gladstone, the aim Of which is to secure something like an equal qualification for county and boroughs. The Conservative policy, we are told, is to resist the passing of any such measure as that of the Government until there has been an appeal to the country. It is needless to say that Lord Salisbury is opposed not so much to the passing of a Franchise Bill as to the passing of such a bill by a Liberal Govern ment. That so simple an act of justice should be re sisted at all, however, is in this age of the world remarkable. One of our first recollections of a ship's passage to Australia was that of the Red Jacket. 'She was said to have made the run in about 70 days. An old soldier, an acquaintance of ours, said the thing was simply impossible ; that he had once gone to Aus tralia in one of the fastest ships afloat, and the voyage had lasted six months. He was confident- it could never be done in less time. In how short a time it may be done it is not wise now to predict. Some years ago we pointed out that the voyage via the Cape could be made in 35 days. It was deemed to be im possible. The ship now bringing Dr. Barry to these shores can run I6J knots, or 19 mU.es, per hour. Could that rate of speed be maintained throughout a passage by the Suez Canal, the journey would last about 30 days. A steamer is being built in England, it is said, fora colonial company, to run 19 knots per hour. If to speed can be added the quality of steadiness, so that no one shall be a victim of sea-sickness, who would not make atrip around the world. This greater speed of ships has proportionately as much to do with the prosperity of a colonial inland town as the extension of the railway has. A storekeeper whose place of business is near a railway btation can now do two things : he can keep his stock down and supply his customers with the newest goods from the metro polis. But the fast-sailing ship supplies the needed link between himself and Europe. He can now order from London, Paris, or Berlin, with the certainty of getting his supplies quicker than they used to reach him from Sydney, and not very long ago. The Va letta measures 5000' tons, drawn 25 feet of water, and is only one of a fleet to be employed in the Indian and Australian trade. ? - The-Salvatibn A«ny has opened a ' barracks'* at Newtown, in 'the name of the Father, -Son, and Holy Ghost, and of General William Booth.' If there is such a thing as blasphemy, this looks un commonly like it. This 'army' may be attempting to do good work, and in the best way known to its members. For any success in the reformation of bad men, all right-minded persons will be thankful, but the doings of the ' army' must be heavily discounted by such proceedings as these. Enough and to spare of lapsed men and women, and of boys and girls too, are to be met with. It is dismal to think' of young persons drinking in public-houses and perambu lating unfrequented places late at night. Who ever can lay kindly hands upon them and lift . them out of the mire should be cheered. But what is the difference between tambourines and their accompaniments of animal excitement and gesture in a taproom and the same thing, in a 'barrack '-room. The absurdest and worst tilings may be done in the name of religion, but are they Teligious any the more for that ? It is possible to show that all Churches encum ber themselves with a great deal of trapping in ritual and belief that could be hud aside with advantage. But as a rule it is always decorous surplusage. The . ' army ' adds surplusage that is not decorous and that will distress sensible people willing to be its friends. Upon the sympathv of such friends, much more than upon a chance crowd gathered by eccentric and' pro- fane antics, the permanency and usefulness of these new reformers will rest. To say that the Work accom plished by them was that which none of the sects had even attempted was true in one sense-— a bad one — and ? false in another. To say that the Christian Churches of the land have not attempted to reach all classes, that they have never succeeded, and that the Salvation Army has succeeded, is to make a remarkablestate ment.. Late reports say that the fame and success of the ' army ' are declining in. England. Those in the colonies should take warding. , It is very tantalising to know that there is money to be had, but that it cannot be got at. But that is the condition of many mining companies in Victoria. There ib gold in the pyritous ore, but it cannot be got out at a profit. A company re cently started to work this . apparently profitable claim has spent its capital and is being wound up. There has been much discussion on the subject in the press, and the question is asked, without any satis factory answer, Why cannot, the difficulty be solved ? At present it appears that the best course is to ship the* pyritous ore to England or Germany in bulk, and leave the metallurgical chemists there to deal with it. We are in the same position in this colony as our neighbours in 'Victoria, so far as relates to being in possession of a large quantity of pyritous ore. The money is there if we could only get at it. But how is this to be done ? That is the question. The late Mr. Mort once said at a public meeting that there was gold enough in this colony south of Sydney to pay the National Debt. Possibly so, and it is there still. But how are we to get it out at a profit? Gold-mining was easy enough in the early days of Bendigo, when a man could unearth before breakfast a nugget as big as his fist. But it is a different thing when the gold has to be mined out of quartz, and then made to part company with the pyrites. Nothing but skilful and economical processes will do here ; but they will do, if we could only find the right way. Will our University classes or our Technical schools train us the men to do it ? If so, they will pay. Mr. Speight, the new Railway Commissioner in Victoria, has already been brought face to face with a difficulty that is new to him. He has been brought up on a railway which 'was managed as a commercial concern. Now he has got to decide a point which arises out of the Government railways being managed as a national and even a political concern. The people of Echuca have petitioned h«*n against the differential rates made to catch the Riverine trade. Those that live at Deniliquin are more favoured than those at Echuca, and the difference tells against the Echuca tradesmen. They suffer by the act of their own Government, and under a system which benefits the foreigner to their detriment. ~ But, then, the answer is that it is done to draw trade to the railways and to draw commerce to Melbourne. The Government has gone into business as a carrier and into business as a wharfinger. It wants to fill its trucks and to have ships at its wharfs, and for this business it has to compete with a rival tradesman in the shape of the Government at Sydney. In doing a large business every little helps, and it pays to do for a small profit a certain margin of trade which, but for the reduction in charge, would otherwise be lost. The Government has its plant, and it pays better to sweep the South Riverine trade and add it, though at a very light profit, to the general Victorian trade, rather than let it slide altogether. To prove that Echuca loses, though Victoria gains, the Echucans must show definitely that their trade was injured. What would be their case if less Riverine trade than at present went to Melbourne ? Is there anyone who knows our great Sir Henry who does not smile as he reads the account given by the Pall MaU reporter of his interview with the states man in retirement? How thoroughly characteristic was the happy arrangement by which he was dis turbed in reading Wordsworth when the reporter entered ! Who cannot imagine the bland good humour and condescending' smile with which he turned from the. 'Intimations of Immortality' to talk with a stranger over such a mundane topic as the intimations of Australian federation? And by what pure accident it was that colonial politics led to a discovery of the statesman's intercourse with Tennyson and Carlyle. Do not we all know the happy manner s The Pall Mall reporter was made to feel what an unfortunate thing it was ' that the federation movement was set agoing again when the right man was not on the spot to preside over it. He wJi made to fret and to explain to the English public that the whole thing had. been rushed prematurely, and that if the hour had come the man was not there. Altogether, we are entitled to admire the skill of our ex-Premier when -handling interviewers from the London press. He has not studied the art of posing for so many years for nothing, and it is clear that his natural force 4s not abated.' The Pall Mall reporter should consider himself singularly happy to have been so delicately managed. It is something to look back upon. An apparently glaring illustration of the inequality of sentences is7 furnished by those passed on three prisoners convicted at the last sittings of the Criminal Court and Quarter Sessions. The cases we allude to are those ef Duff, Primrose, and Pym. The first named, as our readers are aware, was convicted of embezzling a large sum in his capacity as Deputy Registrar- General ; he was in receipt of a good salary, and held a respectable position in society ; he received a sentence of four years' imprisonment, without hard labour. The second, a young man, was a teller in a , bank, and his offence was also embezzlement, for which he received a sentence of five years' hard labour ; and the third had been a clerk in the Post Office, and a day or so after his resignation he stole from a safe the sum'of £170, was tried at the Quarter Sessions, and sentenced to one year's imprisonment. There, seems to be very little difference in the culpability of the three men, but if anything the case of Pym was the worst, because* it compromised a number of em ployees of the Post Office, many of whom, had the criminal not been discovered, would have been under suspicion to this day ; whereas in the cases of Doff and Primrose they alone were involved. If the sen tence on Pym is sufficient,that on Primrose is terribly severe, even in comparison with the simple imprison ment of Duff, who will be treated something like a debtor during his incarceration. This is a species of uncertainty in the law that requires revision ; but how is the question. 