;; !' V Tlio Smrigglibr's Ghost.; Dm youoviir dnoouhtpr tho smugglor'sghoat, : The speotro of Smuggling Bill As hb leaned himself on nn old gun-post .." At th'a top of Tower Hill 7. I think mo not, though bo oomoa by night - 4U tno pasaors-by. to span, A strango, woird, long-shore, lubberly wight— Fpa- jaokotty' sort of a man../ - V. V Hie voioo is husky, his oyos rolls wild— Tho other is under a patoh— His rioso is swollbn — this mystio child— ' ; And his legs wore novor a match. As ho loavostho post on a midnight dull - . > Ho goes with a nautioal roll, . A solid mahogany soasido hull Ho aeema ; bnt ho's only bouI. ; I met him' once, and T unw him oloar By n gas-lamp's danoing light, Eooalling webda and tobacco dear . , That I beaght Of a 'smuggler wight. " And I aaid,'." 0 runner of K6vohue rigs, Thou knavo of tho obhtrabEDd,. . . I'll havothco'olapppd with tho dos and prigo ; " But ho raised him his gnarlbd hand. ."Avast .with thy. ooppera I and Yon bo hlnwflri 1 11 . InamiitaroatraDgOBaidho; " I'm 3n flpirits now, and X can't bo stowed In fchiB mortial coun-tcr-ce. i ,Kpt Bham blno rain in bladdery obin, , Nor tatcr- browed oh-do-wco, Tbat ain't paid, doofcy," ho Baid with a grin ; , "I'm a epixit, mate, carutycr ego?" I looked him up; arid I looked him down, And I thought o! my four poand fivo' I paid for cfgors whori ho did mo brown, . ' Arid ho cortdinly'lobkcd olive.. ' But ho gave ioao a goblin gooso-skin leer, Ab ho jgriuricd with his"mouth ao roomy. If ycr' doubts my word, 'tako yet- orutoh- stiokthero, . . And you'll findit'll go right through mo. Oh, woo— wod, bacoo arid paper brown I ; Oh, woe, sham oli.de-weo I I'm Smuggler BUI, arid I'vo come from down I)) tho furdcMsfc doan'ter-eo. Oh; I was tho wiokedost omuggler bold ..That noVdr didgo to sea:: - . . I sold 'digars and the! buyew sold, . , . And what'R to becomo o' mo? . " Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, And down by tho muddy Strand, And down.' by tho Docks I am doomod to Btray," . . And ho wrung hiui cuoh gnarly hand. I \vnnto tofiud 'cm, and can't toll whoro, m' Audi doesn't know whoro to look'; : I'hero'a pouuda' .upon pounds, and thoro's pounda to sparo, Aal hid atoro l wao took," ; . Then I said, V Oh, scaniQn.of doubtful guise, Do you como from that other ahoroV" M Ay, mato I as -ho rolled him- that ono of his oyes, And I don't want to go any moro," "But what aro you socking, and why aro you 'come? ; Why ployedat thoa mb that triok?" M Ah, it's all along o' thobo wbsdd so— hum I Did thoy;mako you so v/erry sick ? ' 9)' I,m ft-teliing o' you, you seo," And to east and to wbatlio turned, . " I can'|i remember orimay I.bo ' ; '-MoBfrflomotking unplecijautly— burned." Homoanod ae ho gavo mo a mournful ga«o, ' Ho grqancd him right into Ins hoota ; II Ob, itB all along o thom Ifoncry Olayo, ?>>And th'em.idiam Bofagal. cneypotn. ' vV.Qi ithcrp's i>ounda on:'om ; liiddou I oan't toll-.\yhero.-- iVvAnd.eopip misfortnot bloko-. '; ; Wul bo hunting 'era outifl don't tako Cdvo And thcro Isn't ono fit to smoko. Ah, wheto did I put 'em? Ah, whoro aro they hid ? Ah. whoro did I plant that choflt With Henry Clay on tho top o' tho lid ?. . Arid wann'fe thoy bad ?ans, jest ? ' Thoy makes 'cm up ot'a bob n pourid- r-y " Brown paper in backer gravy | r. ' And I sola 'om a quid far a box all round, ; . On a smuggler's aflldavy, ' - , : ; And down by tholslo o' Dogs I goes, And buotm' in Bataliff Highway, Bat novcr thom weeds shall I find, I knows, And thoy'JJ novor moro como ia my way. : ' " I novor can tako iaat a glass o short,. . ; ; Though I drops in Kt publio bars, Since I polougs to another port, . ." ' . For soiling o' sham oigors. For I used to roam as a amugglor bold. ' Who laughed at the R'yal Dxciao ; . A dodgo so stale, and a dodge ao old, : But oilers ripo for a riEc." . 1 » And as I gazed ho was thcro no moro, /' ( Notsomuohasbisoldpea-jaokot; , ' \ But thcro seemed io come from a' distant \- shore,' \- Or from oat of old Charon's packet, ; - " Oh, I am tho wiokedest Bruagglor bold That never did go to eea ; ,' I novcr got hot, and I novor grow cold, ; — Q. Manvilm Fbnn, in HbodV Annual 