NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Just Fancy! Bagster A financier! How can we pay Off our national debt? Ask Mr. J. H. Bagster, M.P. Yatala electors are very kind. Mr. Gladstone has got a cold. Hanlan will have a big reception. The grand old man is indisposed. Cricket, cricket; nothing but cricket. The Calcutta Exhibition has been closed. Local option meetiogs all over the colony. A stamp and income tax, says Mr. Bagster. Look out for a shark-bite in the Port River. Troops in Egypt suffering from sunstroke. Are not Joubert and Twopenny rejoicing? Port Adelaide thought she had a fire yester- day. New Era crushing does not revive mining specs. Victoria has had a satisfactory wheat yield. Cricket match begins to-morrow at 2 o'clock. Mr. Parsons is packing up his goods and chattels. Blanchard Jerrold, son of Douglas Jerrold, is dead. The Hon. G. C. Hawker goes for North Adelaide. Victorian gunboat Childers has arrived at Port Said. Why does a donkey eat thistles? Because he's an ass. No evidence to show how Cossey's fire originated. Hanlan says he is only visiting the colonies for pleasure. Fenians are threatening the Marquis of Lansdowne. Government going to find work for the unemployed. The Caledonian Society is to have a choral organisation. Marionettes give a matinee performance this afternoon. Mr. W. B. Rounsevell will contest the Burra election. Roughing it in Queensland, A number of roughs arrested. Spofforth and Palmer won't play against South Australia. Northern Territory people pleased with recent appointments. General Graham aud Osman Duma will not fight until Friday. Mr. E. T. Smith sworn in to-day as Minister of Education. Mr. Rounsevell and Mr. Cockburn two candidates for the Burra. The ruffians concerned in the Waterloo tragedy will get off scot free. Over 2,000 patrons, says the advertisement, of the "Sunny South" in two nights. Cricket match, Australian Eleven v. Fifteen of South Australia, begins to- morrow. The Calcutta Exhibition has brought dollars to the pockets of the promoters. Lord Wolseley has been talking again of the success of short service in the army. Fair sport—Flirting. Dead men's tales— Wills. Military tools—"Files" of soldiers, The brothers Redmond deny that they called for cheers for the Queen in Australia. Why is coffee like an axe with a dull edge? Because it has to be ground before it is used. Grove Hill Gold Mining Company only suspended operations on account of heavy rains. A French servant girl who won £4,000 in a lottery is being besieged with offers of mar- riage. Young man, your bride must be won before marriage, but you must both be one after- wards. Our Governor's song, "Unfurl the flag," is being played with great success at the Crystal Palace. The Queen's favorite Scotch poems are "Tam O'Shanter," and "A man's a man for all that." General Gordon narrowly escaped drown- ing on his way from Palestine to Brussels recently. Governor of New Caledonia must demand the return of convicts who take shelter in Australia. A German professor calls Abraham "the dirtiest old Jew that ever lived" and "a grasping coward." Riflemen competing at the S.A. Rifle Association's annual matches should leave their misses at home. A conceited man is like a boot minus the soles. He is uppermost in his own mind, without understanding. Thompson's celebrated picture, "Quatre Bras," has been purchased for the Melbourne Art Gallery. Lord Henry Somerset has established at Bournemouth a home for consumptive young men of the poor clerk and shopman class. Carlyle was a great philosopher according to his admirers; an eccentric cynic, say his critics; a dyspeptic buffoon, aver his enemies. Notwithstanding a severe snowstorm, ten thousand people assembled in Newport, Tipperary, to hear Mr. Biggar and other speakers. The grass in front of the grand stand at the oval is well damped on Saturdays by smokers. Tobacco leaf will surely grow there next season. At the large fire at Unley there was no "chance" of saving the jam and sauce; how- ever, "sauce" of the impudent brand is quite as plentiful, even now. The stamp of the mild-looking kind of gentlemen who propose votes of thanks at tea meetings has been delivering himself of weighty political views. Sir Wilfrid Lawson supports Mr. Brad- laugh's entrance into Parliament, on the ground that "justice ought to be done even to the lowest and vilest of mankind." A youth who is learning to play the cornet at North Adelaide cannot understand why people who shoot at cats will be so careless. Half a dozen stray bullets have already come through his window. Many people, a little while ago, says an English politician, did not know whether the Soudan meant a country, a man, a constella- tion, an article of clothing, a patent medi- cine, or a sacred white elephant. The London Society of Psychical Research estimate that in London alone there are 30,000 ghosts who reside permanently in their respective haunted houses, besides a floating population of about 3,000 ghosts. Tom Quick, known through the Delaware Valley as "The Indian slayer," regretted that he had not killed another Indian to make his score an even 100. His father was killed and scalped by the red men. A drunken youth of eighteen, with forty two wives, was sent out by mistake with General Gordon to be established as Sultan of Darfur. The rightful claimant is pre- sumably sober, and has only two wives. In Croaten they have a summary way of dealing with the Parliament. While the debate on the address to the Crowd was pro- ceeding an Imperial rescript was brought in and read adjourning the diet until further notice. Canon Hole wrote a tragedy when he was but eight years old, and he says it was the most original thing as regards plot ever pro- duced by any man at any age. It began thus: —Act 1, Scene—Enter a man swimming for his life! A bushman recently from the north bought three yards of cloth, and was told if he put it in water it would shrink one quarter of a yard. He afterwards enquired if he put a quarter of a yard in water would there be any left. The Blue Ribbon temperance meetings at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, appear to be a success. Booth is accordingly hilarious. Up to Friday night last, the total Blue Ribbon badges issued numbered 23,709, and the new pledges taken amounted to 11,192. The Victorians don't know how to blow! Captain Christopherson, treasurer of the Victorian Rifle Association, says his colony in liberality is ahead of the whole world! Modest! Also that there is "a larger propor- tion of good shots in Victoria than in the United Kingdom, or any other part of the globe!" Bravo, Christy! but what does Morcom say to all this? On the 26th of this month an important ceremony to the Masonic craft will take place in Melbourne, when Sir W. J. Clarke will be installed as District Grand Master of the Englisb, Irish, and Scotch Freemasons. In the evening Sir W. J. Clarke will entertain 1,000 Masons at dinner, and on the following evening a ball will be held in the Town Hall, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the Masonic charities of Melbourne. 