Taking a Bath at 2 a.m. THE BAD BOY PUTS THE OLD MAN'S BRAVERY TO A SEVERE TEST. " LAST night," said the bad boy, addressing the grocery man, " we got to talking about haunted houses, and pa said there was no such thing as a haunted house. He said whenever any unusual noise was heard in a house, instead of investigating it people got scared and went around talking about the house being haunted, and before long everybody believed it, the reputation of the house was ruined, and everybody was nervous. Pa said that haunted houses was on a par with spiritualism, and pëople of sense never took any stock in either. He said if I ever heard of a haunted house, to let him know and he would go through it and investigate it in the dark. I thought to myself, ' boss, you can't fool Hennery,' and I laid for pa. That evening my chum's cat came over to visit our cat, and when it was time to go to bed the two cats were sleeping by the stove, and pa told me I better put the cats out doors and go to bed. So I took the cats up carefully and raised up the cover to the piano, and laid the cats down in the back of the instrument among the strings, and petted them, and they went to sleep, and I shut down the cover, and we all went to bed. Pa and ma sleep right over the parlour, and I sleep at the back of the house. Along about two o'clock in the morning, about the time cats usually get woke up and begin to prowl around, there was a faint scratching of toe-nails on the strings, and a yowl that sounded as though it came from the sewer. It was evidently music, such as you get at boarding houses where a boarder practices on the piano for her board. I listened, and pretty soon there was two cmeous' anda 'spit,' and the strings acted as though they -were being walked on the way a cat does when she puts her paws up in your lap and lets her toe nails go through your pants. I got up and went to pa's room, and ma was setting up in bed with her nightcap off, her hair standing right up straight, and she was trying to get pa to raise up and listen, but it wasn't pa's night to listen, and he put his head under the bed- clothes and tried to snore, but I knew pa was scared. I told pa that I wasn't afraid, but I Avished he would let me sleep on the lounge in his room, and pa raised up and wanted to know where the row was, and just then the cats in the piano seemed to come together for their regular evening fight, and of all the music you ever heard that beat everything. Pa listened and said it was somebody next door trying to play opera, but ma said something was in the house, and I told pa the house was haunted, and for him to get up and investi- gate. Pa was kind of 'shamed to be afraid, so he got up and all was still, and he got his pants on and went out in the hall, and just then the cats got to fighting one another round, and pa rushed into the bath room and closed the door, and yelled for me to open the window and holler for the police. I got up and asked pa, through the door, if he was afraid, and he said no, he wasn't afraid, but he thought, seeing he was in the bath- room, he would take a bath, and I told him if he was afraid I would go down and investigate, because there was no haunted house that had any terror for Hennery, and I went down and let the cats out, and they got on the back fence and had a real sociable time, and after it was all still pa came out with a towel in his hand and tried to make us believe he had taken a bath at two o'clock in the morning with cold water. I don't think it is right for a father to try to deceive his little boy that way. Pa must have washed himself real hard, for he was pale as a ghost when he came out of the bath- room, but he was paler still in the morning when he found the piano full of cat-hair. He thinks the air from the register blew into the piano. But I am sorry for pa, as he has had trouble enough trying to keep from failing, but he had to go to the wall. " " What ! You don't tell me your father .has failed ?" said the grocery man, as he took down the ledger. " Great heavens, he owes me seven dollars," and the man groaned. <c Yes, pa says that is the only way he can make a dollar. I don't know anything about the business of failing, but as near as I can get at it, by hearing pa and his attorney talk about it, there is money in it if it is worked right. Pa is awful anxious to have the thing fixed up in time for him and ma to go to Florida for the - winter, so that they can get back in time to go to Saratoga next summer. I asked pa if it was honest to fail, when ma had property enough in her name to.pay all debts and have plenty left, and pa said him and ma were tAVO different persons. Gosh, I thought a man and his wife were one. If I was in your place I would have some style about me and bust. You can never amount to anything going along the way you do, and never getting ahead any. Let me tell pa's lawyer that I can get him a job putting you through bankruptcy, on shares." " No, sir, never," said the grocery man. "I have always paid a hundred cents on the dollar, and I always will. It is true I cannot put on much style, not as much as some I know who have failed, but I can look everybody in the face and-but, say, Hennery, you might tell your pa's lawyer to come in yere this after- noon, and I will have a talk with him. If failing is going to be the style, and a man isn't' going to amount to anything unless he has failed, and there is money in it, and your pa says it is honest and all right, I might conclude to fail once for luck, but keep it dark," and the grocery man began to look about the store at the old back ' number washboards, and wormy dried peaches, and things that were not saleable, and wondered if it wouldn't be a good idea to fail and get rid of the old stock and buy a new one on trust, while Hennery went out to break the news to his pa's lawyer that he had got another job for him. -Peck s Sun. 