Itiuldliism In Relation to Christianity. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rov. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in^plalion to Christianity. Referring to W3 parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha nnd Jesus Christ, he said Take, as a prominent instance, the birlb j stories. I need not here give details, ! u-liifVt nrp rn ho fftiirwl in nnc nifiHprn wnrlr on Buddhism. Tho supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from tho Tusita heaven ; ' the Betas acknowledging his supremacy ; the pre sentation in tho Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet ; the temptation by Mara— which legends arc embellished by the modern wriler I have already quoted, under such phtases ns ' (Jonceivcd by the Holy Ghost,' ' Born of the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the Heavenly host,' ' Presentation in the Temple and tempta tion in the wilderness' — none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gantama, preached a new doctrine of humon suffer ing, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read ill the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god ; bnt the man man Gautama BuddhA stands alone in his striving after the true The a'cconnts^or heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb Knurr fl.o lnmp /Innm/I tl»* cI.-L were cured, together with all 6uch embellishments, arc certainly added by | later hands ; and if here we recognise somo rather remarkable likeness in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not bo astonished, when we reflect bow great must bavo been tho influence, as I have beforo hinted, of the Christian story in India iu the early centnries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subse quently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of tho god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of tbe history of Christ. ?The Bhagavat-Gita , a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is some thing unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what wo should . call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicat ing as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maha-Bharata ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhagavat-Gila. If, then, as thcro is the strongest reason to believe, tho Christian 6tory, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of . tho Christian era, forccd itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of tho most remarkable poem tbat ever saw the light in India, can we bo surprised if we find similarly borrowed and animated wonders in the late Buddhist stories also 7 Several Hotue and Colonial Applications to join tho Institute as guinea Subscribers wcro received, and it6 object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially and snid to militate against tho truth of the Biblc,-~a discus sion ensued in which Mr. Horuntizd Rassam, Professor Loilner, from Lahore, Mr. Color, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins* paj)or. Dr. Leitner brought a largo nunil-er of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the sccond nnd tenth centuries, and he pointed out tlic value of such additional confirmation )f Mr. Collins' statements. Themi arc about ] 7,000 dentists in the United States, and it is calculated that hey pack into the teeth of the. American tcople a ton of pure tfold. every yeur. 