,, COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. It was to ba in the ohuroh, with musio and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk up the middle aisle and lead the precession. H Now you must both put on your best behaviour," said mother, after we had worried ourselves into our ?néw clothes on the all-important night ; then she kissed us justas if we'd been going to bed, and Bent ÜB off to ohuroh an hour before the time. Wo found tho sexton just opening the doors, and he let us go round with him while he lighted up, and then I proposed that we should stand outside and watch the people come. I wonder if Cousin Tom feels nervous," said Claude, a» we walked down the steps under the awn ing. ; " I shouldn't think he would, though,.for you know doctors-. But I say, Bert, what's the matter .down(.the street there P See all that orowd P Let'B run and find out. , " Come on," I ;óriódj'M TU beat you there ;" and forgetting all about our good clothes and best be haviour, we Btarted off. . i^i'i Oh^ somebody'B been run over, or something I'M exclaimed, as I found a lot of people bending over the form of a man ljing on the grass in front; of the Bap tist Churoh. Wo both stood still for a minute, and I was trying to listen to what a gentleman next to mo was telling a policoman, when Claude pulldd mo by the sleeve, and whispered that it might be tho very caso Cousin Tom, who had just graduated at the Medical School, wa« wailing for. . " Let's tell tim about it !" I oriedi " Quick, before they got somebody else;" and then we both tore off te his lodgings around the corner, and pulled the bell os'if the house waa afire. . ' I tell you, tho pirl carno to the door in a hurry, and without waiting for her to announce us, we bolted upstairs to Cousin Tom^B rooms, and rushed i in to find him just putting on his white satin j necktie. . ... I "Oh, do come quiok !' we both fairly ahouted. " Such a-.' " Why, boys, what'a the matter ?" he exclaimed, making a muddle of hia ora vat. "Has Alice fainted, or what?" ? . No, no," cried Claude. " There's a man hurt, and an awful crowd, and-"' A . ' . i " Quiok ; how far from here P'' intorrapted Cousin i I Tom, leaving the two' ends of bis tie hanging, and i j snatching his pea-jacket. " I can spare just 20 minutes." I ;M Why, it's only around the corner, in front of tho [ Baptist Churoh," I replied, in great excitement^ and i then we all three raced off. ¡ Where is ho, boys?" cried Cousin ^Tom, and I Claude jointed inside the railing that ran in front of the church, and against which, strange:to say, no body was loaning. Then, not waiting to hunt up the gate, our cousin, who was a great strapping fellow, shouldered his way through the crowd, and without paying any attention to the efforts some pf the people made to hold him back, he placed hia banda on the top rail of the fence t J vault over. ,: The next instant he gave a spring baokward instead of forward, and fell against Claude,'who of course fell against me, and we all three wont down one after'another like a row of bricks, while the people sat up such a yell that youi might have thought they had all turned into wild IndiauB on the warpath. ,¡: \ ,;U; ¡-.T-.':.")?.-.; n-::r' Being boya, and quite used to hard knooks, neither Claude nor I was hurt, and we sprang, tip aa .lively aa evie? when Courin Tora wail lifted o$ us,. B^t there was not much spring about him, and wé^weró.awfulíy frightened when we found that he jeoulda|t even speak. { * * .' Then they explained the whole thing to "us, whieh was something like this- there -was an eleetrio light in'front of the store next the ohuroh, and in Eome way the stuff-the; electric fluid, or whatever it is-had got off the traok, or the wires, and run into the railing, and BO whoever touched it got a most tremendous shock. That- was what was the matter with the man inside, and the crowd had tried to warn Cousin Tom, but he was too excited about getting an interesting oase to listen. Oh, if he's killed. it'B all our fault for telliDg. him about it !" moaned Claude. , 4 *. And he was going to bo married in half an hour," I added, despairingly. " And Miss Lord'll be in the ohuroh waiting for him, and when ho don't eome Bhe may have a fit or something, and oh, Claude, how can we tell her?" By this time they had picked Cousiu Tom up and oarried him into a druggist's a few doors óflV/ They told us he was only stunned, and would probably bo able to sit up in the course of half an hour.. As he hadn't livod in town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew who he was, and so the burden of carrying the dreadful news to tue wedding party fol! upon Claude and me. "It's fire minutes to 8 now," announced my brother, nervously, as, having ' left word that wo would soon be baok with friends and a oarriage, we hurried off to tho Episcopal. Church. " Cousin Tom was to be in the vestry by this time, and, oh my! won't it be awful to have.Miss Lord-walk up the aisle on her father's arm, ahd then And nobody to marry her ?" . ' " But, Claude," I proposed,' a bright idea strikinar me, "if weean only gat to the ohuroh soon enough to see her drive np, we oan tell her then, and have the ooaohmen keep right on to the drug store." ? "The very thing!'' cried Claude. " Let's run for it." ' And run we did, but, alas! arrived at the ohuroh just in time to see the bride's oarriage drive away from the awning-empty. We could hear the organ playing and the people whispering that the procession would soon begin to move toward the altar, < ;. "Oh. why don't they make .surejbousin Toma's here first?" I exolaimed, in a whisper, "v !'j(J 1 " Perhaps they will," returned Claude. "At any rate, they ought to wait for us to lead off ; -but, Btop, I've got a plan, and though it's a kind of des perate ono, it'll save Miss Lord having a scene before everybody. I'll"--and he spoke the rest very softly in my ear. '.. ; ' ' "Why, Claude, dare,you?" I cried, under my breath. " And do you know how to do it P . .? " Yos, I notioed the^ plaoe when we were in here with the sexton. Now*, do you think you can get up dose to Miss Lord before I can count twenty Blowly ?" ' I nodded, and hurried into the ohuroh, leaving Claude to take up his station in a dark oorner of the vestibule. The procession was evidently waiting for us, and as fast as I could I squeezed a way through the orowd to take my plaoe in front of the bride. She smiled when she oaught eight of me, and put out her hand Then just aa I took it every liyht in the church went out. I knew that that Claude had suc ceeded in his plan he had told me of. , ' . "Don't be frightened, Miss Lord," I whispered, still keeping hold of her hand, "but come out with me to the oarriage, because Cousin Tom's hurt, but not very bad, only he can't stand up long enough to be married yet, and-. Bat I'll take you to him." Well, Bhe didn't scream nor say Bhe was going to faint, but just held on to my hand tight, and let me lead her out to the light. We found Claude on thc sidewalk, holding the door of the oarriage open ; and ordering the coaohman (who looked as if he thought we were eloping with the bride) to drive to the drug store. We all three got in, and were off before the people in the ohuroh had a chanco to think of any thing else but the darkness into whioh they had sc suddenly been plunged. '.. " But-but did the eleetrio fluid put out the lights in church?" asked Miss Lord, after we had explained to her about Cousin Tom'B shook. " Oh, no ; I turned off the gas,'' said) Claude, !promptly. *'Don't you think it was a goo'd^way. to keep people from staring at yon, and gossiping when they found Tom didn't come ?" ^ ":? ." Yea, I see now, and I am sure I am very much obliged for your thoughtfulness ; but what'. wiil papa and mamma think has become of me ?'.' ' : 1 .*' V Oh !" I exolaimed. " We forgot all about that part of it. Stop the carriage, and I'll run. back ¡" whioh I did. and found the ohuroh lighted up again a bigger crowd than over inside, and Mr. and Mrc. Lord rushing about in every direction in search ef their daughter. i> '" : I was a iittle frightened at first, but' remembering how much the bride had been spared by; pur plan, I walked boldly up to the " distracted: ?parents," and began to explain the whole thing. This took some timo, but I told the story as quick as I could, and I had scarcely finished when back came the carriago with Cousin Tom and Miss Lord both in it; . I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and indeed Tom looked like one, but deolared that he waa every bib strong enough to go through with' the ceremony. MisB Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was awfully afraid we'd have a scene, after all ; but luckily everybody thought it was because the gas had gone out, and in ten minutes they were safely married, and nobody out of the family the wiser. HARPER'S YOUNO PEOPLE. , In London the Société du Progres de la Coiffure holds an annual hairdressing competition, and accounts of tho last, conducted in tho St, James Hall, Begent-street, are just to hand. There was a raised platform ereoteJ, on which was .placed a long table, with about 20 cheval glasses, in front of whioh were seated the models whose hair was dressed by the competitors. The first competition consisted of hair-dreBsing by members of the sooiety only, from a model. Each competitor had his own lady or model, and was provided with four pieceB of false hair. These and the natural hnir of tho model; together with brush, comb, hairpins, curling tonga, flowers, and feathers were all the materials allowed, and the coiffure had to be complote in 45 minutes. We read that *' tho coup d'ceil of 20 ladies, with «very shade of hair, from the fairest blonde to raven blaon, all undergoing the process of hairdressing at the same time, was certainly unique." The first prize, a gold medal anda diploma, was gained by Mr. Brackin sieok, who copied the model the most exactly ; while Mr. Beaupin, brother of a Melbourne hairdresser, gained tho Beoond prize, a silver medal, with what would appear to any bat a commissioner an equally exaot copy. The second competition was entitled *' Coiffure de Fantaisie," > and consisted of hair* dressing, in which each artist adopted his own stylo, uBing as muoh false hair as ho pleased, and any orna ments he ohose, pow-dered- hair being forbidden, »nd no hair ready dressed except a fringe. Thia time iii r. Beaupin suooeoded in gainirg.the first prize, a gold medal and diploma. His lady model pbsseesed, m< ab luxuriant golden tresses, whioh reached almost to the floor, and when the coiffure was complete, the effect is said to have been most artistiq. 