TBB PROPOSED TIMBER DUTIES. PUBLIC MEETING. In answer to a numerously signed requisition the Mayor (Alderman 'Williamson), called s public meeting, which was held in the ball of the School of ArtB on Tuesday, to consider the proposals of the sawmOlera of Maryborough that import dnties should be imposed on foreign timber. There was a limited atten* dance. The Mayor took the chair and explained the object of the meeting, and said it was for the audience to enter their protest against the proposed impost or declare in favoor of it ; or do whatever they thought most advisable (or the best interests of the colony. He apologised for the absence of Mr. Henry Jones, who had another meeting to attend, and could not be there on asy account, though Mr. Jones had requested him to say he was decidedly opposed to any dnty being imposed on timber from any of the other colonies — indeed, from any part of the world. He would if possible repeal the ad valorem dnty, and have free trade between the colonies. (Applause.) His (the Chairman's) own opinion coincided with that of Mr. Jones. (Applause.) He was in favour of free-trade, and an unrestricted interchange of prodacts between all the colonies, and the better it would be for each. He should be sorry to see any Ministry imposing such a dnty on any article like that proposed by the saw mill owners of Maryborough. He had been reared in the district where the principles of free trade had been fought fox and won in England. He had some recol lection of the large meetings chat used to be held ; and of the eloquent speeches which were delivered by ench orators and politicians and Messrs. EL Cobdeo, John Bright, Milner Gibson, W. J. Fox, and others on the benefits and principles of Free Trade. He folly be lieved in the principle laid down by Adam Smith in Lib ' Wealth of Nations,' that the interchange of commodities and trade should be as free between the countries of the world as it was between English counties. Speaking frankly, he was opposed to the dnties on timber coming here. He thought the Maryborough merchants had already enjoyed a sufficient monopoly, yet they had never been able to supply enough timber to meet the demands of the local market. Now, when other people bad come to the Queensland market and placed their goods before them, and had shown they were able to supply the market with timber at a reasonable rate, the Maryborough people stepped in »nfl said *' We must stop this trade, and the Government most impose these fcnTm and enable ns to keep np our prices.' (Heir, hear, and applause.) What did that tax mean ? It meant that he or an; one eke who wanted timber, most pay one, two, or three shillings more than tney had done fur every bondred feet of timber nsed in the construction of a house He was a thorough believer io the principle that tbey should bay as cheaply aB they could, and sell what they had to dispose of at the best possible price. (Applause). Mr. G. S. Crans, auctioneer, moved the first resolution which was as follows :— ' That this meeting, beiDg of the fnll conviction that the placing of an import duty on foreign timber landed at the various Queensland ports, as proposed by the Maryborough saw millers, would injure fatally the growth of an impor tant and rapidly increasing trade with New Zealand, and elsewhere— Resolve that a counter petition be prepared and presented to the Government, praying that no euch duty be imposed, and that the reqnest of the Maryborough saw millers be not complied with.' As was explained by the Chairman, and by advertisement in the local papers, that meeting had been called to consider the action taken by the Maryborough Bawmill owners who proposed to increase the dnty on foreign timber. The proposition to be made to the Government appeared to be most abBurd, and one that no Ministry could possibly entertain. He did not suppose the present Government would entertain it. The decision of the Mary borough mill-owners had been spoken about, and it was thought by a Dumber of gentle men that it would not be ont of place for Bockbampton people to meet and erpires their views on it, so that the Government might not be led astray. The Maryborough men had enjoyed a monopoly toe long, and their proposition to Government was to give them again the monopoly of the timber trade, and make the public pay for it. (Applause.) Tbey had enjoyed, and still did so, a cerUin privileges, but they were not satisfied. They did not say so, but they wished to prevent any shipments of timber coming here. It would not, therefore, be very difficult to come to the conclusion as to whether it would be advantageous to the public ol Queensland at large to allow the petition to pass unnoticed. They did not wish to see a stick come here. It would be very well for the sawmill owners, but bad for colonists generally. (Ap plause). The privilege they enjoyed was this —Tbey had the advantage of five per cent ad mUmim dnty on the foreign shipments, so that shippers from places outside the colony had not only to pay that dnty, but had to defray the extra cost of freight, and the expenses inci dental in realisiog on the cargoes. If they could not carry on withont any more privileges than they had now tbey had better tnm their hands to something else. (Applause.) What was the state of affairs before the shipments from New Zealand com menced to arrive. The fact of the matter was this— that although the Maryborough sawmill proprietors placed a big prioe on all their timber, yet the supply was totally inadequate to the demand. No matter how modest a building might be, at that time it was almost impossible to get the timber. The people of Bockhampton could not get the Ember they wasted ; they would nave to get a bit here and a bit there. The owners effected a combination and the agents (or the saw millers who had yards in the town were instructed to fix a certain price and not to sell under that. Theyl would see that they were acting together and were strong enough to dictate their own terms. l5nt notwithstanding that they were getting so much more for their timber than tbe New Zealand people it was not sufficient, but if tbey could not carry on with a fair amount of profit with the privileges they en joyed they had better turn their attention to something more profitable. The proposition was to give the Maryborough people the monopoly of the timber trade, and make the public pay for it. However, besides the people in Queensland and the Maryborough mill-owners, he thought the shippers of foreign timber had a right to be considered in the matter, because, so far as he was coDCemed. most of the cargoes that had come here bad been toconslgnmeut, and sold forwhateverthey would fetch. They were men wbo risked the state of the market, which was more than tbe Maryborough people ever did. (Applause.) He waa of opinion, therefore, that the shippers to the colony of timber had a right to be considered, because in some in stances they had sustained a loss, but they had enterprise and were prepared to take the risk of the market. The Maryborough men expected to have the moiopolyof the market, but it was not very likely they would attain their object. Their proposition was a self evident one, and it did not require very much to be said about it, bat it meant that if tbey bad their own way it would affect every man in the colony, and perhaps mostly the labouring man of small ntpPTtfl. The prohibitive price placed on the timber would be a serious matter to those wbo wished to build their own cottages and to be proposed by Mr. Haynes, and carried 'nani- mously (laughter) was to tbe effect that Government be petitioned to place an import doty of 2s. per 100 feet oo rough and 3s. oo dressed pine, and Is. on hardwood. They all knew that recently a very large number of buildings had been erected in the town ; in fact he was astonished the other morning to aee the number ol oew cottage residences. One-fourth or one-fifth of them would not, in his opinion, have been there only for the enterprise of the New Zealand shippers. It most also follow that a number of persons who were residing in the town would not have been here only for that ; numbers of persons, as they were aware, had gone away because they would not get a habitation to live in. (Hear, bear, and applause). Mr. John Macpheeson, auctioneer, seconded the motion, and spoke to it at some length. As they were sell aware two years ago it was almost impossible for people here to get timber to build cottages. Timber was not only high in price, but contractors did not care to tender except at a very high rate if tbey were expected to do the work in a month, because it might take them months, for tbe Maryborough people could not Bupply them with timber io time. Since the New Zealand people had begun to supply them with timber, cottages bad been going up in rows in all direc tions. It wonld be very injurions to tbe trade of the town to interfere with this state of matters. A man now instead of paying 25s. or 30a. per 100 ft. for timber, could go down to the wharf or to any of their timber yards, and get it at from 14s. to 20s. rough or dressed. The question affected working men as much if not more than others, for if these building operations were not going on there would Dot be the aame demand for labour. Carpenters were scarcely to be had now trade was so brisk. If the trade in timber were hampered as proposed, they would go back into the state tbey had been in two years ago. He coold tell them, and be was in a good posi tion to speak on the subject, that no sooner was 3 house empty than there were three or four applicants for it. He might mention that Mr. William Pattison had informed him that two years ago be paid 30a. per 100 ft. for 4 x 1 and 9x1 timber for carrying on his business, and now he could buy it for little more than balf the price. He quoted the speech made by Mr. Haynes at Maryborough, in which he Btated that New Zealand timber was being sola in Townsville almost as cheap aa they could sell timber in Maryborough. If that were so Mr. Macphersou argued the people were getting tbe benefit of the low rates. The sawmillers wished to shut out the imported timber and keep the whole trade in their own hands. If it were bo they would go on charging exorbitant rates. It waa only the Maryborough people who were in favour of the duties, as even tbe sawmill pro* prietors of this district were opposed to them. He did not think the Government would entertain the proposal which had been made ; but they should nevertheless enter their pro test against it, least in a weak moment the Ministry should give way. Maryborough was represented by two influential members, one of whom had a seat in tho Cabinet ; and if tbey did not enter a strong protest against it the duty might be imposed. (Heat and applause). Mr. Wiley, of Messrs. Wiley, Holmes, and Co., timber merchants, sopported the motion, and said he did so just because he was interested. He held every person in the town onght to take au interest in it, and when a public question like that cropped up he should, as far as he could, take a prominent part in it. He was interested in the question be csnse bis firm had been ypnng the largest purchasers of timber : tbey had purchased some cargoes right out, and sold them afterwards, and they made a few pounds by the transaction. He thought it very bad taste in tbe Maryborough people to show such a spirit on tbe subject, and seek to tax the timber though they could not supply the market themselves. (Applause.) It would have been two or three thousand pounds more in bis pocket if he had been able to get timber when he wanted it. He had been haunted by ghosts and spent eleepleoi nights when tbe bare walla of the English Church rose before him ; and be wished there to thank the building committee of the Church for they conld have fined him if they had liked for not having timber for it read? in time. The cheapness of timber had allowed working men — real working men wbo toiled hard all the week and took home full wages on Saturday, not the loafers who worked one day and drank two— to put op booses. Messrs. Wiley, Holmes, and Co. had assisted them. Tbe men bought the land ; they placed tbe deeds in their hands, and he firm built cottages for them tbey wonld not have been able otherwise to secure. He compared the Maryborough people to aistency of one firm was shown by the fact they had 220.000 feet of New Zealand timber here in Rockbamptoo. (Hear, bear). He bad a large contract from the Corporation, but he would not have gone out of Queens land for timber for the wharf if he could have got it in the coIodv. He defied anyone to eay they could have got the timber here in two years. They bad to get it else where to be able to complete tbe contract in a reasonable time. (Hear, hear.) He intended to import timber in the log, and if be could get ground on the north side of the river he would erect a sawmill, but be could not do that if this duty ou timber were exacted. It would make the timber too dear, aod tbe work could oot be done. (Applause.) Mr. Stdnct Williams, of the firm of Messrs. Williams Bros., contractors fee., said the question was not a local one affectinc only Rockhampton, though Mr. Wiley had just shown how it would affect the industries of the town ; but it was of tbe deepest importance to a district ten times wider than that of which Maryborough was the port. (Hear, bear.) He referred very pointedly to the manner in which the timber merchants exe cuted orders only is town, hampered business, and impeded works. The New Zealaodcrs had imported the timber and Bold it at their own risk ; and he did not see why partiessbonld be hindered id any way from selling and baying in the open market. He pointed out that if a similar duty were imposed on other materials used in house-building, such as iron, tbe cost oi the dwellings of working men would be raised ten per cent (Applanse.) Though Mr. Sheridan had rooch influence in the Cabinet, they could not suppose be had power to boss the whole Government. (Bear, hear.) And though the import dutv seemed ridi culous it was well tbey should eUte fairly what tbey thought, and protest against it. If they could have got better timber from Maryborough at a moderate rate they would have had better houses, but the Maryborough people &ent; their scraps and what they could oot sell at home. In tbe course of some further remarks the speaker said tbe works at Lake's Creek wonld have been finished months ago if Messrs. Williams Bros, could have got timber. (AppUnse). Mr. G. B. Shaw, auctioneer, said the Mary borough people took a different view of tbe question, and because they did so they bad done Bockhampton a great deal of good. If they had not charged high rates and con ducted their business as they did the speakers and others wnnld not have been able to do so large a trade in New Zealand timber. If they would only go on as tbey had done another twelve months it wonld benefit them to a larger extent. (Hear, hear.) They had arouBed the people of Rockhampton oot of a sleep, and showed them they were stealing a march ou them so long as they did not import New Zealand and other foreign timber. It had not been eh a wo that the Wide Bay district coold not aapply the colonial market, or the.t the Maryborough merchants could not reduce their prices ; but while he wished to retain their own money in the colony, tf the Maryborough people coold not keep pace with the times, and let them have timber as cheap as New Zealand and and countries hundreds of miles away, they must suffer for their supineness io oot meeting the demands of the local market. He had great pleasure in supporting the resolution. (Applause.) Mr. S. W. Hartlet moved tbat Messrs. Curtis, Macpberson, Shaw, Wiley, aud S. Williams be appointed a committee to prepare a petition in terms of the resolution, and get it signed by the townspeople and forwarded to tbe Government. (Applause.) Mr. Trump, coo tractor, seconded the motion, which was also carried. On the motion of Mr. CiBTii, seconded by Mr. Macphehson, a vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor, which terminated tbe proceed ings. 