1lovteett "IN T RIGUE., By Brigadier: General Henry Ronald Mclverl * 1CAPTER. III -(OorTm ED.,) A! And now,. dear, I:trust your troublensgare at an end, and you will find happiness:in our quiet: English home,'i said :?ilias, softly stroking the goldenhead on:her lap, heedless, of the havoc her fingers made amongst the ilny ourls.: "An opera singer I" ejaculated Mre. Cunninghame, holding up her hands. "Thank Heaveni, my dear child, for having saved you, aDouring,.from such a horrible, fate." oidia's drooping eyelidshlid her coniemptn lot that lady's old.fashioned !piejudicbe, then' sllat'once, springing' lightly to' her fet, 'she said, "I will sing to you." Without awaiting a reply, she tripped across' the room,'seated herself at the piano, and' commen'ed, with out any prelude; that mot' beautiful'alir fromi Glilik's most- boautiful' 'pera of '" Orfl'che Faro." The grand, thrilling voice'.flooded the whole room with sweet :harmony,. and when its last ecoho had died away, tears were streaming silently down Lilias' fair cheeks, and Mrs. Ounninghame sat looking with amazement at the fragile, diminutive form, from which such a volume of sound issued., Gidia in truth possessed a most rare voice, -a voice that had created 'a' sensation, and had astonished more experienced and unpre Judiced ears :than those` of" her present audience. It would seem that her soul-such a soul as Lilias possessed--had passed entirely into her voice, enabling her to interpret grand .ideas, of which she was in reality quite in capable of understanding the meaning.' That night Lilias Dering , offered up a fervent thanksgiving for the advent of the girl vho she believed had been sent by a 'kind 'and merciful Providence to fill the aching void in her heart, and prayed. long and earnestly she might be guided aright, so that her beautiful niece might never feel the loss of a mother's care. If she could' have foreseen how.her future was to be influenced by this girl, with the fair face and glorious voice, the. thanksgiving would have been turned'into' aliprayer for merey. . When Gidia; after afflotioliately Ibidding good-night to her aunt and Mrs. Cunning. hame, had taken possession of the pretty bed room allotted to her, carefully locked the door, and inspected closely with a critical eye detail of the pleasant sitting-room leading from it, her face lost entirely its open, inno cent expression, and assumed that of an ex. perienced woman of the world who feels she has succeeded in making a good bargain. "It is even better than I expected I" she exclaimed, as she turned over' the costly ornaments on her dressing-table. " What a, fool I should have been to have stayed arid slaved my life away with Silvio, thoukh how the poor lellow will rave at losing meT: And all this by right of birth'ls mine "-with an' indignant stamp of her small foot."'" My' father was the only son, the heir, and this pel-faced prudish thing, who i edno wonder iullypatronising, is only a usurper, and 'she knows itl" she said viciously. " Still' I might be worse off"-she stood in front of the long mirrorlaspingher hr' hands' behind her-" and with- that :face "ciid: figure " pointing to her reflection'-"and theme brains"" -tapping her little head 'with lier:foreflnger' Swho knows what chances II may have 'of outstripping' her 'in' the race t of life.' 'What' fools these English are I" she went on refled? lively. "How easily deceived,; in",spite' of their cold mantle of pride I J'Icould not:have' taken in Bilvio like this, not if I had tried for ever aud ever. Poor Silvioal";: '." :.!,:,f^ These were her last 'words, as she nestled her pretty face amongst the'lace and linoi' of her downy 'pillows, and~'sank'into i sleop, peaceful and dreamless as that of a child.: ''HAPTEm IV."' "If I should meet thola, After long years.,: :. ir: fl e How shall. I greet thee?,*'ri i Gidia : Dering had been "an'inmate of' the Priory more than a year,'and quite fallen into her place as one of the family.' She hliad gained a firm hold on' Mrs. Cunninghame's heart, her resemblance to Lilias having made a favorable impression in the first instance, and a judicious course of flattery and atten tion accomplishing the rest.' Still' she had not succeeded as well as she had hoped in the subjugation of her aunt, who, though fondly attached to the bright young creature, failed to find in her' sooidty the comfort and hap piness she at first hoped for. Aunt and neice lived on terms of affection, but Lilias realised Painfully she had approached no nearer to 'thegirl's inner self than the first evening they met. Try as she might, she could 'disoover co nd of sympathy, nothing of mutual in trest, to draw their hearts closer together, and she strove mainly to lead the young mind to higher inspirations than the more clothing of her pretty person, the only thing which appeared of vital importance to Gidia. The .girl would listen attentively, her blue eyes very wide open, and when her aunt had ceased, fling her arms caressingly around her neck and kissing her demonstratively, ex .laim-" You clover darling I how can a poor ignorant little goose like your Gidia over understand such things 1 Inwardly thinking "" What a tiresome bore these perpetual lectures ore." Lilies would return the .embrace 'vith a sigh, saying to herself, "Perhaps I expect too much, and do not make sufficient allowance our different training. She is buta child, like Undine before ahe found her soul, only God grant the fault, if any, does not unknow ingly rest with me, or that I have come short 'naiy daty to the child of my adoption,'- " _ iea Dering had quite failed to interest Glidia in her pet schemes, or to induce the girl to accompany her on her round of visits amongst their poorer neighbors, and she lently wondered how one so gentle and yielding as her neice appeared generally, could 0n some points be so difficult to move.. In truth, Gidia was becoming dreadfully weary o1 the life she was leading, the life which at first with its unaccustomed luxuries and un. lmited supply of pin money, had appeared he felt sometinioe tempted to throw it up andireturn to Itliat 'whiob,,she..ha4,: .be dspised f wi.. :,:, .,, st :) ,t 4 T. I ;. ':"" It I'had' tayed with BSilvio I:might; have becomo a great diva like Patti.ox! Neilson, re 'ei'jing homage reaven from, crowned heads,"' she wouldithink regretfully. ,- ".But how hard thd wbrk.was, the waiting how. wearisomo,'the povorty.how horribll I" as she looked at the pretty:'goons and 'costly .nick-nacks her aunt's generosity had -'nabld her to indulge in. : "Poor Silvio I I wonder if, ho was very angry, and,whether he missed me very uch. I suppoad hois still struggling for the fame heo is so confident of winning-some day I" -What- was the good of her pretty bright costddies (which coat her as much thought as an. inventor would expend on .ome. in tricato piece of mechanism) when-everyone atOCulverden was either too old or too blind to appreciato them, she thought impatiently. . Even Mr. Marsden's curate (for the old man was too feeble to do duty now, having had a paralytic stroke) was a married man with ten(children; . . .Deoidedly' this consummate little aotreas was getting tired of her insignificant rWle, and would probably have been tempted to seek a wider field for the exercise of her talents, but for an event which filled her scheming brain with renewed energy, and caused her to. form a plan calculated, if successful, to raise her from the dead level of existence, which had become so wearisome and intolerable. Cer. tainly), she was obliged to confess, the.plan sho had formed had very little chance of success, but, even provided she failed to, gain hcr.end, she .would, still have .had some pleasure lin the delightful sense of plotting and scheming, in which her wicked little heart rejoiced. ! . .' i. SWinter had passed, and spring, was just emnerging into summer, and Gidia was seated 'i her aunt's.morning room (a smalloctagonal chamber,i,with long,windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how' she should manago.to get through another long,uunedent ful day. Her hands were idly clasped above the golden head, whose myriads of fri?zy little curls completely"covered, her low clytic-like forehead,..orming a decided contrastto Miss Dering's aiooth.braids. The,'different char acter of aunt and niece was oveni discernible in their "toilet., Lilia' ,dresi':.waa 'of plain black cashmere,,which felll in'large flowing folds to the ground,.and was'relieved by snow white bands at' throat and wrists. On her handsome 'hed was arranged gracefully a square, of filmy white lace, and her sole ornanontsa wah re the locket and ring, which had biezlItalph. Disneyts parting gift. Gidia'sdainty little figuro was 'lothed in an indescribable 'rrangement' of" pinlk, scarcely. subdued 'by!'multitudinous'g laco' flounces,. amongwt which flashdd bright bowsidnd loops of rose-colored ribbon, likebutterflies or'birds 6d gay plminage. " Her .pretty dimpled' hand,' on which'sparkled many jewels;,was con *tantly raised to the 'rosy mouth ini:a vain endeavdr to',hidb 'the" irrepressible: fite 'of yawning, and Lilias,"who was' serving indus triously, was abotit;to suggest something for the employment 'of 'her niece's. idle little fingers, when the 'door opened: and Mrs.e Cunninghame entered 'hnrriedly : " My dear -addiessing Miss Dering-" a mounted mes senger from the Rectory with a letter for you, which I have brought myself "-handing it: to her-" fearing there might be 'bad news of Mr. Marsden." 'Lilias took it from Mrs. Ounninghame's band, and opening it, quickly found a few lines'from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed wee 'Ralph Disney's long looked-for letter. At the sight of her lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over the fair face, causing Gidia to open! her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment increased, for when her aunt had read the Rector's letter, telling the joyful tidings of Ralph's home coming, her face, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and. Llias sod denly covered her tell-tale eyes with both hands as.il to shut out,a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then .becoming conscious .that two pairs of enquiring eyes were fixed upon her,.she rose to her feet "Thero is, nothing' amiss," and ,Gidla's quick ear caught the new happy'ring in' her aunt's voice, ! Mr. Marsden is well,'and'iiites in, deellent spirits," and'anxious'to be alone sheimoved towards the door. ' Thehandle was in h~er hand, liefi she appea'rdd to remeditier some further explanation wa piirobably"'ex pected, and turning to Mrs. Cunnihghame;~iih said in a low, quik birie, "He tells mse alph is"on his-,way'd todtlve?re'd r," and:Iwithbut an'other'word left tho rioobm " ' '-' ;i" *, :" SAll this wat a mystery'tb" Gidia,, whoiwasl quite j in'the lui vive;and dyin, to know 'the' cause of her aunt's unnustl:agitation: o"' C.'i ' Mrý' Cuidhitighame sank into thechairLilias had jaut:'vcated,'her kind`'old'face beahiing with pleasure. -:', ;: ' : "Balphl:Disney' oomin'g at last Ih -Thank God I:" she' saidr!aptursusly:.' '.Myedarling Liliad will now be repaid ifor her longilonely years of waiting," and tears of thankfulness' streamed down the withered old:cheeks.' ; e -I1 ':"lBut tell me," haid Gidis,'coming over and kneelingi beside I'M1se;- Ounninghame's chair,( "who is this Ralph, and what does itall mean?- ..... ----- .. - ... "Is it possible, after having lived with us all these monthes,ybu ;hav never heard of Ralph Disney?"in tones of amazement;." but then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly to be wondered at, after'all; Sir'Ralph Disney has not.been to Culverden for, ten years, and I have'everyreason to believe he now comes to renew an engagement with your aunt, h'ich' ended abruptly by the '"wish of the''old suire."' - * , * " "' "'Oh, how roimantic," cried Gidis, bravel tifling another yawii, for a romance of which she horself was .notthe lieroinefailed to in interest 'her. " Pray toll' me 'all about it; like a dear," and she settled herself on a low stool to listen, oi'to sleep. Mrs. Ounning hame was only too ready to pour out all she had to tell, so proceeded to impart to the fair-haired girl at her feet her aunt's' love story. Gidia listened at first listlessly, then suddenly as an idea appeared to strike her; she gave her undivided attention to the gar yulous old lady. ' '.When Brs.' dOainighame, quite out of breath, stopped speaking, OGdia asked slowly -" Then they, are not :really engaged? you are not certain Sir Ralph is coming to marry auntie? Perhaps he only just wants to see his uncle." "Well, my 'dear, no, of course I am not quite certain, but after being, so devoted to Lilias there can be little doubt of'his' inton tions," .- . ., , S"Then why did he not come directly grand papa died? '! asked Givia,, "I have often wondered m'yeelf,'" coifessed Mrs. Cunninghamo.'. "I dare sayhe thought it bdst to wait till her tlriiof m~urnfingj had oupired." , . . "' . A "And hois'so noble; s' rich,"'Asidd the girl, enquiringly... I: .... '"Sir.' alph Diecy's".wealth' is simply fabulous," replied the old lady ;' but What is of far greater in.portadce cbnsidering hdow riolh your aunt is also, his family is tho most ancient in Englind. His mothor; thd'only daughter of the Duke of Twyford, was ith greatest heiress, as well as the most. lovely woman of her day. I 'iust' ay I thought Mr. Dering noted in a highly injudicious manner when he so peremptorily dismissed poor Ralph, for it was' amarriage in every way most suitable. ' It seems but yesterday it all happened," she went on; 'muisingly; " only Lllihas has altered greatly., She was so sweet and' fairy-like in thbso'days, though I mustsay, my dear, if you did ot dresa your hair in that outlandish fashion, or wear' equr frocks so very full and bvmf,-trimmed, yon wouldbe hlier very pmitnure. " . "Thanks for the compliment, you flatterirng 1 -r, - 'Dr ' Iaig Gid ' Thenent on ,I ieieber in thpottt ih" showed me iPf auntie: taketi ten Byear'ogor she wears. A plain white gown, without sa"'.iigl: ribbon or: floob'.: I, 't bditoidte having soonie'simple white dresses inado'for'io," she' added with studied carelessness ;'" they 'will be do .cool and coinfortable ho'i'thoe warm'weather is .cpming on. I am going to see if I can.find auntieesome:Neapolitan."violets, so good-bye, you darling, you," and after dropping a bird. lke kiss on the old lady's withered cheek, Gidia tripped away into the garden. There she strolled under the old apple trees in the orchard, ýwhere the grasswas white .with their fallen blossoms, her brain busily at work, her mind full of the scheme which the events of the morning had conjured up. "Have I a ghost of a chanoe 7 " she said to herself, " and even if I were to succeed, dare I carry it through to the end ? Oh, it would be glorious to defeat that canting, cold. blooded aunt of mine, who has stolon my birthright. I But if Bilvio were to discover who I really am, and follow me, what would happen then I But there I it is not likely he ever will, poor fellow, so I shall.tkeo every advantage of what fate throws in my .way. Really it would be tempting Providence if I did otherwise.". And she gave a shallow, little laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished the next low days at the change which appeared to have come over her young niece-Gidia was 0o docile, so anxious to please, and altogether so much more in earnest than she had ever ,been before, that her aunt thought the girl's soul had at last commenced its awakening, and she thanked God for the many blessings He was showering on her. For the firsttime, too, Gidia volunteered to accompany Miss Dering on her charitable errands, and do. lighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty, Even her personal ap pearance underwent a change, and one morn ing when she appeared at the breakfast table even Mrs. Cunninghame, who was very short sighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise. The curling tongs had evidently been discarded that morning, fot the masses of tiny curls had all disappeared, with the exception of a few rebellious rings on the fore head,'and the golden' hair was smoothed and tisited' simply round the back of her head; The be.frilled pink costume was also banished, and its place taken by a plain, white eaehi-. mere whioh'showed the ourves of her btdding form toperfection:, ' " ' ' ,. ! Gidia blushed'and dimpled 'as 'Miss Dering, ,kissing her tenderly;~said a' few kind wordsof .*pproval':'"" I thought it would pleaseiyou ! !Auntie darling," "she aid:prettily,?" I'meant todb do'it'long:oago,only I'am such'a little doward you know,'and so dreadfully afraid"of I looking a fright?' o: ?.,:. I:,ni^ "'I do not think you -need,.have the: least, fear; of that,'dear," and 'Lilias smiled 'as she looked at her niec'es pretty face, before tumrn ihglto the table to tako:ep her letters. !There were not.many-'and Gidia 'furtively ikept an eye'on'onelwhioh' had not been evidently through the poet, and in which she reeognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsdod.- Miss Dering read'it' through twice;gthen raising her' head looked towards Mrse Cunninighame and said'calmly': : . i "Sir Ralph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that he will reach' Culverden to-night.: The' dear old man' is evidently very exalted,,and I' am "afraid that' it is: not good forhim, in Iise feeble state of health." ,! "To-night I 'Then wo shall without-doubt see him at the Priory early to- morrow,":said the. old'lady, with'a world of meaning in her. voice,' whioh"iaused 'a momentary shade of displeasure to pasc over Misd Dering'e! calm features. "Scarcely so soon, I fancy," she answered quietly, ignoring 'Mrs. Cunninghame's in. uendo, then turning to Gidia-" Sir Ralph Disney is a very old friend of ours, a nephew of dear Mr. Marsden,.so I hope you will like him very much. He will, I know, be charined to find we havo? caught and caged such a sweet song-bird, for Ralph 'was always 'pa' eionatoly fond of mtriia;.and I am in hopes, too, his visit will help to 'make this place a little more cheerful for you, dear child, as I lear the Priory must sometimes- seem a little dull to a bright'" young 'glrl,' she added "Auntie "-and Gidia put on her prettiest 'air of childlike rem'nstrance;." Hownaughty ef you to imagine' I''ever:flnd' the?dear old Priory "dull;" the plae I' fonnd'thappineess;the plaee which holds 'all' my' dear- onesall I ave to.love or. love me .--and she. hoaved a plaintive little sigh ..? _,,,.,.: -,, : ,1i 'Ir.f " That night, before:Ltlisriredto,rest, came another letter. fromg the Reoatory?,'this time directed in ,a bold firm li haidwritng, which Gidia (who intercepted the messengr) hadnoeve, seen' before ::Heow 6s? longed to peep over Miss Derig shoulder, and :read what was written b'that very seiall shest of paper I "He:cannot'hav'eidaed muah; 'atany rate," she said to hlerself,eiinsolingly. This was, strainge to "say' Ithe:,ist' letter Lilias had ever receivedf'rom'Ralpi Dinoey, 'and was, ai'Gidia'adorreatlyshrmised; e very shortno. . "' '' May "I 'Ciioi' t"yoiinto:i·irori ar :in 'the afternoon," it ran "with ib' fior?al oom menoement., '?'Do not ask me tO stay longer away-I have walted so: many:years.'!'i Then followed simply:hiea signaturei, and' the: mes senger, who in obedionce..to'. his master's orders, had waited; took back'Mies Dering's answer. It !was-" Coame;, you. will find a welcoie.!': . ; on ,, t This brief note'was not the: letter whioh Ralph had at frest intended sending,':or, on finding himself once more in' the fondly re membered Kentish villaige, he had 'written, a wild, unreasoning letter, a passionate, out pouring of the feelings which old associations had aroused, but which; in his cooler moments, he decided not to despatch'. "I will wait and see how she greets me," he thought. The meeting between 'the old rector and his errant" nephew had been a very touching one, and though Mr. Mare den did. not.-actually "speak as ift an engagement existed between the long-separ ated lovers, it was easy to divine how his thoughts ran constantly upon it, and his talk was incessantly 'of " his dear child, his sweet Lily." He was perhaps a little disap pointed at finding Ralph so different from the impulsive, hot- headed youth of ten years ago. How'bronzed he was, how portly I 'and if his old eyes did not deceive him, surely there was a plentiful sprinkling of grey amongst the brown curls. Ralph laughed heartily at his unolo's inspection. "You see I am getting quite ancient, not far off forty, the age when a fellow begins to go down hill with a run.' Remember.what a life I have ledtheo past ten. years, not one oaloulated to make me wear well." ' " "Ah, but:you will settle down now, my boy," said the old man in tones of conviction, at which Ralph smiled, but said nothing.• When Ralph awoke the next morning, and found himself once more ighis old lavender scented rooioi at the 'leoldry, he felt inclined to fancy these years of wandering had been but a stranigoly 'vivid dream."' The young summer day was bright and warm, and when Ralph throw open the window, the clustering creamny roses nodded asweetperfumyiwelcome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took possessibn of him, as Itf it had never wavered since the day he and sweet Lilias Dering had plighted their troth. How impatiently he longed to hear' the sound of her voice, how slowly the morning paseedd. Over and over again' did Ralph plo tore to himself their meeting, whatesh would ?i;,' how she would look; and when at last he started on his way to the Priory,"ho'lws living almost ie 'tho.,pa?~,in a ,wo;ld ?f, 'shadows.. He wnes once more young ItaJph 'Disney, the impetuous lover of thle child-lik, tdnder-eyed girl, and the cloud whichc had: -arisen, between them was forgotten. All nature even seemed to have conspired to kepp'ip"tli? 'deception, and remindhim of that summer, ten years ago, asnhoe ,wnt along the sunny' .oliffs, passed the white flag-stall round which the mild-faced sheep were nibbling at the golden- hearted daisies, and turned into 'the familiar beech avenue. . The glamor of 'old days when love dawned was upon him, the' long weary years which. had come between were no more remembered, and ho.looked to wards the shrubbery as if expecting to see there the glimmer of his love's white robes. His heart beat. tumultuously as he ap. ,proached the Priory, for there, near the open windows, sat the form he had pictured so often that morning. This sweet young girl, with the shining hair and downcast eyes, the pure white dress, the rose at her throat, was his lily, his love. It wase the faeo he had kissed so often, so fondly,-the face that had visited him in dreams,-the face that had come be? fore him in the silent night watohes thousands of-miles away. A little reflection would have saved him and others from much misery, but, alas I he never stopped to realieo the mistake, and in another moment'had clasped her .to his heart, and was raining kisses on the golden head pressed so madly to his breast. "Lily," he whispered, "look; up, my love,, my own one." For the space of a moment Gidia allowed her wicked -little head.to rest where Ralph had placed it,- just for a moment only, to bide the gleam of .triumph-shining 'in her eyes, then, with desperate.struggles, she freed herself from'his embrace, andipush ing 'him from !her, cried indignantly-'! Oh, how could you? how, dare you "take such a shocking liberty"-her :bosom' heaved and, panted-" You are just likea'thom all--you treat me like a'ohild,"a mere baby," without sense or feeling.' 1 Here-she broke into sobs, covered her -lace with herpretty bandsto 'watch what 'impiession she'had made: .. Poor. Ralph raised' hisllands 'to his: eyes.'like one: blinded or suddenly dazed; ,then he looked at the little woman before him in utter bewilder. mont, and uiconsbiously repeated almost the first worde '-Lillaes had said' to her. noise' -"But who arelyou?" 'Wild .thoughts .of fairyd, and 'trollos recolleotions of"old German 'legends; weie :daouring 'through his brain, •when' tbes'girl with :well stimulated- ur iprise answered-= c ,, ,: ,"' S'.' Whoam'~I?" Why,: Lilieas' Dering, .of nourse-wlio else eould:l bhe.' "'r ::,.,: '- :. "Lilias,Dering,! irepeated Ralph, wonder ,ingly';, "not quire Dering's Lilias, my-"',:. i i' Oh,'no"-and 'Gidia interrupted him, with l a merry, ringinig laugh' like,'apeal of! silver 'bells-" niotthat horrid old::man's'-daughter .nothingendarer 'than his granddaughter, I am happy to say.l Just fanoy:anyone mis: taking me-for;-poor dear old-aunt Lilias-it "isquit'too .funny for anything; but I- think' I canguses' who jou are now '-she holdout. both"heor 'hands " confidently-'t Sir ?:Ralph Disney; you must'be, and, oh I, I-am so thank ful'you"ares not?old and -ugly like: everyone else'auntie knows." .:.:r •." - -::..: " Why,' child," .said Ralph' laughing; :and experiencing aseense of pleasure at.thesubtle flattery in spite of his secret.annoyance at' his'mistake as the, truth' dawned upon him,' " did yoti expect to find me a fetheousalah? "'. "WeVoll, very nearly,' she confessed, with-.a pretty -air of candor, and a 'swift upward glance from'under her long lashes, "for- they. told me -you 'were my. aunt's-but there,-it would never do to toll you what they said, as I know nuow it was-not true, because you .are notf old-not the least bit," she added- en couragingly. -Ralph had .managed.to recover his 'self. possession, but how different an aspect affairs wore now, to what-they had done only an hour before.. He -had suddenly awakened from his love-dream' (at' least as far as - Lilias was concerned),;and the'sweet visions- of, the morning had all melted away before the fairy like' touh, of this' dainty little beauty. He 'could not'for the life of him picture his old' lova otherwise than: a rather -prim, middle aged lady, perhaph with spectacles.,Try, as he wouldi the bright young:face:of her:-noice came between him and the image heohad so vividly remembered' only that' very morning. However' pulling'himself together with an effort, he'uttered sonie very lame sexcuses for' -his' appsrent'rudeneds' (which Gidia; blush;: 'inigly. ? seyly,r" ncepted), and then rather: stiffiy suggested theirjloining Mise Dering. ,:' I (T'he'Oontinued') 