MM. BAYSllTZ MISSION. On Saturday evening, Mrs. Bayertz, the well known ludy evangelist,, commenced a scries of special services iutlieBaptiatChurch, Hargreavca - street. The service was for men and boys only and ' notwithstanding the inclemency of the wrathtf there was a very good attendance, Mrs, Bayertz delivered a brief address on " The finable of t[,e Prodigal Son," which was attentively listened to throughout. The chmch was crowded to its utmost capacity last.evening, .vhan Mrs. Bayertz conducted an evangelistic meeting open to all. The lady preacher 'delivered an eloquent sermon, selecting as iler textfcit. Matthew, llithchapter,3rd verse:" Verilv 1 say unto yon except ye be converted and become i as little children, ye shall not enter into the ki»K. dom of Heaven." Mrs. Bayeitz commenced by saying that very much is_ hoard just now of a called conversion which is merely a reformation, lVrsoua may reform their lives, give up evil habits and certain sins, without their being any real ein version of the heait to God. Being con verted and being born again me;m exactly the same tlmii;. " lie that believeth in the Son hath everlasting life, and he that believeth not shall be lost." [i,,d has no adopted children in his family, as they did not belong to Him until thoy were born ugum ,>f the Holy Ghost. The word " adoptum" mentioned ill scriptures has been wrongly translated. It was absolutely necessary that every person ihould be converted, because until tiny have been boin again they cannot pleaso (;0(j. The scripturesdistinutly state that they that are in fleslv cannot please God. No person can be born again into the kingdom of God except through the operationsof the Holy Ghost, the third person in tii0 Blessed Trinity. Sinning against the Holv UllCst has been called the unpardonable sin. \VheH a person says "No ' to the spirits offer of mercy once too often, God then says, "Let him alone," ond the Holy Ghost ceases to strive with him, ami he is eternally lost. It is impossible for a real Christian to commit this sin against the Holy Ghost, but it is possible for the unconverted person to do so. A preson who has committed this sin against the spirit of God sometimes shows it by giving vent to all the malignity of his heartagainst Christ, but more generally he is cliaracterised by an utter indifference and carelessness in regurd to the welfare of his soul. The preacher con cluded a very impressive address with an exhor. tatiou to those who are still unsaved to accept without delay God's offer of mercy. This afternoon at lialf-past three o clock Jlrs. Bayertz will conduct a Bible reading, at which all are invited to be present. 