ECHOES OF MELBOURNE '?:.-? (By The Ghost.) ' . . At last the Land Bill has made its exit from the Assembly, and the road is now clear for the introduction of the Eailway Construction Bill. ? This measure will give rise to quite as much talk as the one it has succeeded, for as the state of the finances ?will not permit Mr. cent s precedent or 'a .line for, every constituency' being followed, every honourable member who is left out in the cold will deem it requisito to bring the claims of his district under notice, and discourse at length upon the urgent necessity of at once bringing it into direct communication by rail with tho metropolis. Of course a large amount of the eloquence will be wasted. This would not, perhaps, be a very severe loss were it not that a waste of time is also involved, and that with a paid. Legislature time is essentially money. But there must of necessity be a deal of 'talking to Bun combo,' for, sooth to say, Mr. Service, who_ last session passed more measures during six months than his predecessors had been able to push through during nearly as many years, has held the reins so loosely that the entire members of .the Parliamentary team have continually diverged from, tho straight road, and have night after night kicked over tho traces. Under the rule of the Commissioners it can hardly be alleged with any degree of truth -that any of the lines selected for uuuHtruuiiiuu uiu ^iuiliuuui ones; duo sue charge is certain to be made by the repre sentatives whose constituents do not come in for a share of the good things going, and unless Mr. Service and ? his colleagues show a great deal more firmness than they have hitherto displayed in resisting the demands of their supporters and their opponents — which latter class have been treated of late with marked doferenoer ]the . Eailway, Bill will grow until the authors of its being : will find some difficulty in recognising their offspring. During the passage of the Land Bill through committee the Government suf fered their second defeat during the session. Mr. Dow, who was beaten by a narrow majority on a former occasion, when endeavouring to secure for married women the right of selecting grazing areas of .100 acres, renewed his effort on the bill being reported, and, despite the opposition offered by the Ministry and the exertions of the Government Whip, gained his point by one vote. Mr. Berry was absent owing to an attack^ of sciatica. The Chief Secre tary ., was thus saved a severe wrench to his ; feelings. -Had he been- present ho would : of course have been compelled to- vote with his colleagues, and this, to so persistent an admirer of the fair sex, would doubtless have been the source of much mental disquietude. The Government of ; which' he is one of the heads, and the petticoat government that ;claims his allegiance, would have- been in '?' direct conflict. Whether the ? old . Adam ?? or the-' later born constitutional Adaai * -would have carried the day is a matter for' speculation that, owing, to the. convenient indisposition that kept the name of the member for Geelong out of the ; division list,' may perhaps never be decided. .' ?' ? ?-. The members of the Council have again been occupied in taking evidence to enable thoin to arrive at a decision in respect to the bill for amalgamating the two branches of the legal fraternity. Up to the present the balance of the* tflstimoriy' adduced' is overwhelmingly. '.in favour of allowine barristers and attorneys to pursue their present tortuous: ways. All the colonies where the amalgamation has taken place Tasmania, South Australia, and Queens land — were cited as 'shocking examples ' of the evil arising from a departure from the beaten track. The prospects of the measure becoming law, which at one time appeared 'rosy,' have now assumed »? darkly, cerulean hue, . and as the public appear.to take; very .little .interest- in the contemplated change, in all - probability' ?him -noHBi-na of thft TMft&Rii-pA-.wili; .'ho. fnnaf~ poned to a more convenient season, -which' may not come round for some years. ' ? : ,- Two. defeats within one week' would have been too much' for even the prestige of the. ' strong '. Coalition Government. j Feeling this,, the .honourable and gallant gentleman., who .represents the Ministry in the Council, and whoj acting under instructions .from .his colleagues, opposed Dr. Beaney's motion for aEoyalCqmniission to enquire into the. failure of the existing health, acts, was compelled, after an un mistakable .expression of opinion on the part of the House, to eat humble pie, and avoid an adverse 'division' by asking for time,, during which the Government might' reconsider the question of granting, Dr. Beaney's request. The ^manner .in which' Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood abandoned his ' position when he found it untenable, stamps him as a .tactician of. the first order. Xenophon himself .. could not have con ducted a retreat in a more brilliant fashion. . . ? ''??'.'?. The refusal of the Government to'grant a full and fair enquiry into the working of the Health Act, and the proceedings of the Central Board ..in connection with the out break of the late epidemic, was certainly a blunder ; for although the small-pox is no longer with . us, it is. certainly not owing to any action .taken by the authorities who wore :charged with the duty of checking the spread ^of the disease — which ha» not been stamped out, but has departed of its own accord,, disappearing as suddenly and mysteriously as it appeared. The last patient was discharged from the Williams town Sanatorium on Friday. The positive opinion of geologists to the .contrary notwithstanding, it is now proved : beyond tho possibility of doubt that Vic .toria possesses workable seams of coal of excellent quality. The Company now. work ; ing the deposits at Moe, in Gippsland, will before six months are over be able to sup ply a; thousand tons a week j and as the' field is an extensive one, Victoria, before many years' are over, will be independent ;of her jealous New South Wales neighbour in the matter of her fuel supply. Tho fear of our trans-Murray friends imposing an export duty. on her ' black diamonds ' will then be robbed of half its terrors for tho Protectionists. Hitherto the dread of retaliatory measures has in some degree checked the most ardent of our advocates for ' fostering native industry,' who deem prohibitory duties tho best way of develop ing the resources of tho colony. , Cheap coal dlay not after all turn out an unmixed blessing. Mr. A. T. Clark, the representative of Williamstown in tho Legislative Assembly, and a few kindred spirits who do not believe in ' imported shoddy,' as they, choose te designate the Imperial, officers sent 'out to take charge of the Victorian war vessels, are at present muoh exercised; in mind over the fact that thero is no tribunal, excepting a court-martial, before which an investigation into the lato mishap to tho Childors can take place. They desire that an enquiry should be held by the Pilot Board, or tho Stoaui Navigation Board. These bodies have fortunately no control over any officer of tho Eoyal Navy, or it might go hard with Lieutenant Holy Hutchinson. It is rumoured that nothing but Mr. Clark's position as a member of the Legislature, and tho dread of incurring tho penalties attached to. committing a breach of privilege, has prevontod tho aggrieved and slandered officers from inflicting personal chastisement on the offending legislator. When the Assembly is dissolved in February next, Mr. Clark may perchance bo taught to keep a civil tonerue in his head. A few vears since he was publioly horsewhipped for styling her Majesty ' an obese old woman.' Tho lesson has apparently been forgotten, and perhaps requires repeating: ? The law points reserved at tho trial of O'Brien, found guilty by a jury of 'the murder of Peter M'Ainsh at Lancefield, have been argued before the Full Court, and decided against the prisoner.. The evidence, although wholly circumstantial, clearly sheeted home the crime to the prisoner, and there is little 'doubt that the. law in this case will bo allowed to take its' course. Leniency would indeed be mis placed. Victoria . has, up to the present time, been free from agrarian outrages, and it is well that this class of offence should be put down with a firm hand. ! , The performances at the various theatres hardly call for special mention. At the ?Bijou, 'Fun on the- Bristol' still runs its boisterous course. .'The Silver King has been revived at the Boyal, but does not draw large audiences. At tho'Princess, 'Hand and Glove' has given place to the 'British Workman,' in which Mr^ Dampier again courts tho approval of the public. At her Majesty's Opera House, 'Borneo and Juliet' still keeps the boards, and will probably do so until the end of |next week, when tho company proceed to : Sydney. ? '.--'?' :' .- ; ?:..? 