MELANESIA. Tub Rev. A. Penny, writing of the great progress of the work at Florida, about 10 degs. S. latitude, says of Kongo : — 'This ia a large district, which has hitherto given us some trouble to get hold of. I have visited the place for several years, but not till this year have we been able to start a school there. The beginning has been, however, satisfactory. A boy from this place, at home this year for his first holiday after two years at Norfolk Island, has kept school regularly, and with considerable success. Twenty scholars attended regularly, one of whom, I found, could read small print well, and several im perfectly. All knew their letters, and could read syllables in large print, and many o£ the scholars could answer a few simple Scripture questions. This does not sound much ; but when we consider that the boy who is responsible for this is not more than sixteen or seven teen years old, that he is not yet baptised, and that he was alone in a heathen land, ic at any rate speaks very highly for him, and I think gives promise of future results that may be attained here.' Of another district he writes : — 'The important event at Belaga this year has been the baptism of a man who was a very high priesfc of Tindalo mysteries. His function was to make the yearly sacrifice that ' tapued' a part of the seashore, after which only the initiated could pass or land at it without paying heavily for their privilege. I admitted this man to baptism without much preparation, I confess, but the case was an exceptional one. The old man was anxious to be baptised : ' He had let go his hold (so he said) of the power of the old faith, and he wanted to receive the power of the new, that he might have something to lean upon.' The result was that when the time came for the sacrifice to be made, Abraham Baulee refused to make it, and the whole thing simply fell through, as there was no one to. supply his place. When I was at Belaga this time I saw children running about on the sacred sands, careless of ghosts or bugbears, and the general public passing to and fro at will, unde terred by the fear of any fine.' Of the work in the New Hebrides, the Rev. C. Bice writes (dating Tanoriki, Maewo, New Hebrides, 10th November, 1S83): — 'Here at Mae wo, under God, and by His blessing, my work spreads and radiates in a truly refreshing and cheering manner. The fire of divine life has been kindled in many a heart, and is not only burning away the dross in the ? individual believer's heart,- but flaming and glowing in all directions, and kindling, and lighting up with heavenly fervour, those parts of my district which have so long been lying in darkness and the shadow of death. Our daily con gregation here is over seventy, and they, attend morning and evening without intermission, and for the most part bear the name and outward calling of Christians. Beyond that, of course, I cannot judge ; but, if the tree is known by its fruits, these Christians must be accounted of by the steady and consistent practice and behaviour they exhibit under all circumstances. A more orderly or better conducted community it would be hard to find, and I can but thank God and take courage. Scarcely anything happens without my cognisance, and in all the three months and more I have spent here scarcely a circumstance has transpired to give me pain or displeasure. The -simple, child-like confidence and trust of these people is very touching, and religion is the one business of their lives, and the object of their desires. I find no flagging or nausea because of the frequent services or preachments, but a cheerful and ready acquiescence in doing and performing all the requirements of the law of Christ. It is strange that the gospel flame should spread and burn so readily here, while at the two neighbouring islands scarcely a spark has been kindled. But so it is, and 'it is the Lord's doing, and marvellous in our eyes.' At Opa the work stag nates, and the teachers seem weary and depressed with the dulness and tediousness of trying to arouse people who are sunk in such deep and hell-bound slumber. Yet even there there is a ray of hope, and two stations.give promise of better things. I spent some weeks over there, and was much pleased with the steady and efficient work of the young teachers, and was very gratified at the numbers and. conduct of the children they had succeeded in getting together for school. At Tavolavola there is quite a nice building erected by the people of the neighbouring villages, and fifty scholars. There are., some boys there ready for baptism, but I deferred this holy rite until things are settled under a regular teacher, for most of those who now hold that position are but boys themselves. At Lobaka I have three very good teachers, and here I baptised two adults and one child. They have a nice little school, and very regular attendance. At my old station, Walurigs, not much is being done ; but there is a good teacher there, and I hope he will stir himself to carry on the school more regularly. But, poor boys, it is very hard for them to workvon amid opposition and the supreme supineness and indifference of their leathen relations and countrymen, and it is so much easier to give up the whole business, and float quietly and easily down the stream of native inertness and insensibility, along with so many com panions. The labour trade has always made Opa one of its homes, and has ever succeeded in securing large numbers of its people for the labour fields. White traders, too, attracted by the numbers of cocoanuts, have selected this island beyond others for their cobra stations ; and, strange as it may seem, those who come most into connection with white civilisation in these days are the hardest and most difficult materials for the missionary to work upon. I believe one reason why here at Macvvo we have succeeded so well is that, living so far inland, we have little or no intercourse with white people and labour vessels. I don'L say that labour vessels are all bad, or that the white men on board them are necessarily corruptors of their species. I havemet many gentlemen and most well-intentioned persons on board these ships ; but there are ill-intentioned and degraded people who come down here, who give a name and fame to the whole trade, and who do more harm than we are able to counter act. -We are but looked upon as fellow white men, and what we preach the lives of others deny, until our religion becomes a mockery and a matter of as much indifference to the native as it is to some of the white men. To-morrow, by God's blessing, I am to baptise eight adults from here, and nine from a neighbouring station. This will make our villages within hail of the Church almost altogether ' Christian,' a thing for which I humbly thank God. We have now four active centres, and before many years, please God, I trust that all the island north of us will be christianised. Laus Deo.' 