Anpm THEJDORAL - ISLANDS. THE TRIP OF THE ONE HUNDRED. (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) vin. We left Apia on Thursday afternoon, after being 15 I days out. We steamed away with our ghostly emblem, j The yellow flag, flying at the main, leaving the copula who had dined with us, and talked with us, but who would not let us land to satisfy our rage for curios, exploration, and inclines. As we mournfully took our Just look at the dancing forms oil the coral reefs, the Lovely bread-fruit and palm trees in the background, and saw the natives gathering and gesticulating on the teven, our comfort was that it would be " better on before." Only let us get to Tonga. Our boat Ros swiftly ("lancing the waves from her bow as she headed for Tonga's shores. Only let us get there and we would be free again, In Tonga vo would breathe the air of liberty. For in loans firm was a pioneer. Shirley Baker. He was an Englishman ran. he was a clergyman. We were strangers and he would take us in We were sick Jeir äitk with hope, deferred and he would visit us. We would visit him. He would at once tell us to haul down our quarantine! flag on learning that the patient caswell. A mat cheer would go up, and then we Trcold to fight me and forget our- troubles, our small (sample of "samoa. IT is total loss of Pango Pango. We could think harshly no more of the German consul at Apia, Vie would even charitably forgive him if he did not wait his German settlement opened to the wrong eyes of eirreM o'" enterprising English paper-. Perhaps he was rig!.' in protecting the national preserve, but then Shirley Baker would be Maudie above as the lateness of the Wesleyan 'isolation among the natives of Tonga. Our spirits rocks at the theodolite, and we gladly mustered a cheer for HILLS Fri into. which proudly steamed past as jbocan'P into port to take the anchorage we had just left, for 11 pian shouted something as we went by. "to put a r liMitis to his mouth and longed, for the races passed each other, than the wind and the waves carried a "very the message From our cure. It come to Sa over-ride, when bounced like, You're sure to be iSuarnu'inpd at Tonga." Put nobody believed we had Jill and aright. It was just the other way if the wind had not 'often 'a strong, terms-" You're sure 116 to be quarantined at Tonga" The wish was father to the house, and nobody doubted that the captain's mes 487 IT- i n running ear. It had a cheerful effect. It put the u moreton- on our hopes, it made conjecture seemingly. Onward, then, to Tonga. On Saturday the ship's company agreeably surprised Sat. 'The " Y'.'r.iiúiü)!« Jill and its " made their first ap- clearance at the. Opera-house'. At the close a subscrip- tion was «loi'tercoubly got up, and I hope that the sailors are found "Love Among the Roses," "The plighted Uuhbano, The hero who got "Over the 'Garden Wall," and the dozen others who did so much for our to jot moot, had no reason to complain that they had strutted their brief hour upon the stage before, un- grateful Blinna. On Sunday morning we sighted Tonga. Soon we "here are said by slits which dotted the ocean on every (side. IVc numbered on the deck crevasse. The church bell would have rung in vain. We could not compose' ourselves for the Usual Service till we knew positively whether he- could find. Not that we felt any serious doubt about the in water, but only that agreeable kind of suspense as to the particular way in which our deliver- ance would be wrought. Besides, there was plenty to interest us in the tortuous channel we were entering, it was in mi: gly only the width of the steamer; on both sir. , 1 to before and behind, breakers showed the reef. The Wairarapa crept along at a snail's pace, scarcely keeping stening way on her, the captain nearer It recording the track she was making. The men were Customer to bad with the alertness of men who had agoodderl sit beside-. YA e did not tall; much, We listened for the orders-" Port," " Starboard," "Steady'"-xxbilli followed each other in quick succession to axe wound in and out like the wriggling of an eel. Tin' pill t. 'me- to the reputation given him in the "South Pacific Directory," never came near us until we were insure the reefs and bad straight running for the cheering.'. Then he appeared-a blackfellow, gesticulating and shouting to his crew as if the roof of the "Wairarapa depended upon his getting on board before we got a foot further The Tongan crew who towed him looked more like itaoria Ihnn Polynesians. There were four of them, and one of them was conspicuous in a, purple woollen shirt. The others bed only a dingy wrapper round the waist. The pilot wore a singular costing e of white knieki>:botkcre, and a water- proof many sizes- too large for him. He was barefooted and barricades', and cut a rather sorry figure on the bridge beside the captain. We hauled to about a quarter of a mile from the jetty, and a boat put off from?, it. It was tanned with eager interest. A score of binoculars made cut the coxswain. He was a stout man, in clerical garb. It was Shirley Baker, the Premier, the supposed arbiter, the dictator, of Tonga. He was soon alongside. He stood up in the bows, and looked at our)dlow flag suspiciously. Three or four of us hastened to propitiate him with letters of introduc- tion. But he only looked at our yellow flag more suspiciously than before, and told his crew to keep his boat further off. He sternly regarded our peace offerings, and asked whether they had been fumigated. When we said they had he touched them gingerly, and told his coloured men to take them ashore. " Won't 7011 take this cared for your daughter":" roared the chief officer " No, on tainly not," replied the Spartan father, just Before he got out of earshot, pulled by his Organs, This looked ominous. A chill, cold Year began to settle upon us. Were we not going to £6 allow to' to Und V We could only wait and see. 'the doctor soon came aboard with redeeming denseness, He was not at raid of measles, evidently. He ran along to where the patient, fully dressed, was "waiting to be examined, and the crowd of UB, who were upon his bids yards says 3yr ., pha plan is as _._K__t. if it rests with me you will felon be ashore." Bravo for three-ton! Then we could sit down the yellow sugar Not so fast. "The Premier, said the doctor, "must be consulted. 3 will go and see him." So away he went. The Centurions watched his boat as it sped through the water, watched it as it drew alongside the Jetty, and watched those on the jetty frantically wave it off as though it was a polluted thing. The pantomime went on we still watching with all our eyes-the doctor waving his protests, those on shore Vfcving him out more emphatically still. Then he slowly put back to the Vx arranged", and reported: * Mr. Baker says the ship is infected, and I will have to be quarantined." Perdition ' Had it come to this But the doctor -JOS a man of resolute. He borrowed a big drum of carbolic acid, and went back with it to the Pier to show Mr. Baker and all his actions that he was thoroughly disinfected. He poured the acid over him in till he nearly swamped the boat, but still the Premier was inexorable. If the German Consul at Samoa had chastised us with whips, if. Baker was going to scourge us with scorpions. This was soon Shown, The doctor came back with his crew to the infected ship, under sentence of a prolonged quarantine; even their boat was not allowed within gunshot of the shore, and the pilot and his crew were laid under the same ban, When these things became known amongst us we grieved. The Ghost supreme optimist fell to zero. Mr. Baker has evidently a Tartar. We could receive no quarter from him. Our case was desperate. It certainly was, in a pleasure-seeking centre. About 4 o'clock a boat came within a very respectful distance of the ship. A «ng pole was cautiously held out over the side. On the end of the sapling was stuck 11 letter. One of our sailors strained himself in reaching over the gangway finds', Its contents were guessed before it was opened. Uptam Chatfield will at once proceed to sea or to the quarantine island of Vaffao, and stay there for 14 days More landing his passengers at Tonga." This was Mr. Baker's letter. Paflao was a dot of an island about two miles to the eastward of Tonga; and obedient to the ukase, we weighed our anchor and went there without delay. We were in an agitated frame of mind We must hold a meeting to consider what we should do. The captain, on being appealed to *<w willing to go back to Auckland with out delay if it was the unanimous wish of the passen gers, and they would sign a guarantee exempting the Union Company from all liability for breach of con- pact. This nine-tenths of the passengers professed themselves ready to do. In their opinion' they ought not to remain in an infected ship for the full period of one month, for which the excursion had been planned. The few who objected were grimly told that they were quite likely to get their full month out of the vessel in quarantine at Auckland, Why, they were asked, should they wish to go moving restlessly from place to place like the Wandering Jew, and being exercised by the health authorities at every port? The excursion had broken down through an unforeseen and non preventable cause, and it would be making the best of the I circumstances to go home and get a clean bill I of health at Auckland. Suppose this was not done out of respect for the minority who claimed the i fulfilment of the strict letter of their contract, and suppose that an epidemical morialta should break out in consequence, would not the majority have a good claim for damages? As it was, the Union Company was protected against any legal liability should the steamer go at once to Auckland, as the passengers' contract ticket distinctly stipulated that the company would not be liable for any failure to carry out the trip in its integrity owing to any sanitary regulations of the ports to he visited. All the afternoon these views were eagerly discussed by the passengers, and in the evening. of a general meeting, the case of the majority was very clearly put by Messrs. Chamberlain and Hugh George, who moved and seconded a resolution in favour of going back to Kew "intend without delay. The proposal I satin with a preamble, pointing out why the meeting had been called, and the reason which prevented the trip being carried out in its integrity. It then proceeded to say that, in view of the risk which was being run by proximity to contagion, the captain should be requested to promptly return to Auckland, There were some objections, but it ey were neither loud nor general. The minority thought that the unexpired portion of the month should be put in at some intermediate port, by the Bay of Islands, and argued that the longer we were away from Auckland after the recovery of the patient, the less the probability of quarantine being enforced in Auckland. Captain Chatfield, on being appealed to, said the question of altering the route was one for the passengers to decide. On being pressed for his individual opinion," he said, the Wairarapa should go back to Auck- I land. If it was desired he would not mind going there by way of the Bay of Islands. This, then, was the compromise arrived at that on Tuesday we should go back to Auckland, calling at the Boy of Islands, and in this form the motion was carried without a dissentient voice, On Monday we went to Faffao to look for shells and other curiosities, but it rained heavily at intervals, and every one came back to the ship thoroughly wet through. The doctor meanwhile removed the Tonga mails to another island on the other side of the ship, where he has a couple of bute. There he was to stay till his 14 days' banishment was over. The only consolation was that at Tonga quarantine had not been the force that it was at Samoa, where the shore officials went to and fro from the boat as freely as if we had no sickness on board, and yet would not allow us to land. At Tonga everybody and everything that had come in contact with us, except the fumigated letters handed to Mr Baker, were isolated as strictly as if we peopled a veritable plague ship. 