ROUNDABOUT NOTES. . (By Cuii.MUjiciKox.) Now South Wales, no matter what her other faults may bo, cannot be accused of inhospitality, nor of ingratitude for services rendered by her pub lic men. Our representative mon aro always willing aud ready to oxtend to illustrious strangers, who may visit our shores, the hospitalities of the colony ; and ilioy are also willing and ready to appreciate services renderocl by any ot tier sons, who, uy thoir ability or spirit, may .reuder a public service. On tho other, hand, they are not slow iii marking their disapproval of. conduct which they believe is intended to ' do ' thorn.' Thus, wo see tho tide of popular, favour quickly turn against the Parkes- cum-C.M.G. clique. Tlie remarks; aro relevant only so far as they, draw attention to what wo may stylo the good qualities of our peo ple. At tho banquet to Mr. Franklin, who, by tlio byo, richly deserved tlio honour, Mr.' Stuart mado tlio plucky announcement that ' lio felt evory day, wliou a mattor of groat publi6 impor taiice cameibeforo him requiring groat 'energy and strength to deal with, that lie ought logo oil with the groat work'sho had undertaken.' - Now that's a. 42nd Highlander hurroo ! Never turn back Alexander,- and wo will -pull you through. There may: bo a, few small people buzzing afeout who will try to oppose the Government, but their darts will havo as much offoct as a mosquito's efforts to extract bluo blood from Davy Buchanan's hide. These peoplo oppose the Government on puroly personal grounds ; one wants a wooden legged cousin appointed a policoman, and another, a friend .without a smell, an inspector of nuisance; on tho Government's refusal to stick a square peg in a round -hole they swear they will ' bust thorn lip.' The Government can afford to look as un concerned,- as the great mastiff does in Sir Edward Landseera niastoi'pieco, 'Dignity and Impu dence.-'. , -if # it . * . -X- . * . # * ' When constabulary duty's to bo done, a poor policeman's lot is not a happy ono.' This is 'II very truo as far as the ' rural ' is concerned. Many a constable with seven or eight shillings a day has to be abfent from his wife and family°all day, and often the greater part of tho night. If a constable's pay wore divided by hours, 'ninny a time it would not amount to (id an hour, A cou ntable must be sober, intelligent, and of »ood character, tho reward for which h 5d or Od an hour. Contrast this with a constable in Sydney. How imposing ? ho looks ; what a shino on his boots and a sluok on his hair. He strides along nia jcstically, like a superior being, out of harmony with all around him. If in tho suburbs, lie stops opposite the rich merchant's private rcsidonco, apparently oblivious of tho fact lhat tho pretty housemaid is admiring him from upstairs, and tho buxom cook from the ground floor. He stands posinu with a far-away look, as if his mind had wandered to tho spicy groves of Arabia, or the bleached Hats of Miidgec. When ho has satistied himself what tlie.y are going to havo for dinner, he apparently doscends . a«ain from his . heavenly' rapturo and niarclics oil to tlio regulation step in search of old women and little boy transgressors. It's grand, lean toll you, to bo a policeman in Sydney. Only eight hours duty, and looked up to and admired like a Lord Mayor at a costonnongors' dinner. A story was told mo about two years ago by an ex- constablo, since deceased, which will uivo us an idoa of what a grand life ho had. About sovciiteon years ago, ho said, he. arrested a Chinaman on a charge of horse stealing j tho nearest lock-up was twenty miles distant, but they reached it safely. Oil tho evening of their arrival ' Chinkie' asked permission to visit a wooden building in tho yard, which of course was granted. John was not long insido when ho removed the end from tho structure and escaned unseen. The constablo could not think what to do, but knowing that , his situation was at stake lie resolved to make a bold stroke. About a mile away a number of Chinamen- were fossicking in a creek, and thither the constable started, collared-' the lirst Chinaman he met, gavo him a good, cutting, hauled him along and locked him up. Tho next day tho constable gave an account of the escape and recapturo, and poor John trying „ to explain .how 'p'licoman kick me, beat mo' was summarily stopped by ' His Worship' with ' quite right too, why did you attempt to escape from lawful custody ? ' John afterwards got two years for horse stealing, with six months extra for attempting to escape. The constable during his service received three testimonials from his admirers as marks of appreciation of his conduct in tho ablo and impartial discharge of his duties. Ho afterwards retired and for twelve years before his death drew a ponsion from his bleeding country. ' Tarantara I tarantara I ' * * * * * * # # Tho question of religious teaching in ilie public scnuois is at present, occupying a largo snare or public attention, and although I run tlio risk of offending some very estimable people, T will venture to give 'my individual opinion on the subject. I think tho colonists aro gradually sobering up to the fact- that a groat mistake was made in altogether banishing the religious element from our teaching system. No ono fought harder in the crusado against religious teaching in State aided schools than Mr. Jefi'eries. Ho now sees the error of his ways, and has generonsly and sensibly admitted his fault, and- I daresay will now fight as hard to havo religion restored, as lie did beforo to havo it banished. As a sccular teaching system ours can comparo with any in tho ?world. 1 am sure no ono can find fault with our teachers, who, iis a body, are able, : painstaking, and respectable. Tlio system lacks tlio elements which help to bind socioty together, by promoting morality, honesty, respect for old age, and charity towards our neighbours. Yotuig Australia has often been accused of disrespect for parents aud old age in general. This fault is apparent to any one who may take tlio trouble of watching the conduct of young people towards . their, elders. Only tlio other day I heard a boy of about 14 say to his father, 'shut up, you know nothing about it.' Bishop Moorhouso has not a very high opinion of the rising generation in these colonies. Ho finds fault with them, for having a 'low cunning.' Well, as a general rule, a cunuing boy seldom turns out a good man. Would it not be better if wo had liberty in our - public schools to impress upofi our children, every day, to bo good, for the sake of tho happiness of being good, and not for auy foar of consequences of being bad. As a rule the fear of consequences restrains our colonial youth, but to bo good for its oivii sake alone is seldom thought of. Of course our public school system is not to blame for all this, tho parents as well being greatly to blame. Men, barely ablo to exist at homo, come to this country and aro soon in a good way of doing. They pamper their children, gratifying thoir whims and fancies, with the result that they grow up self-indulgent and extravagant. Tlio parents look to, our educational system to control them, but find when it is too late that all reverence has left thorn for everything but their own smartness aud whims. The stato cannot compel children to attend church or Sunday school, and tlie result is that some of the children ill largo towns grow up knowing as much about Cliristanity as if they were in New Guinea. This is very sad, and must tell ter ribly on the next generation. Isuppose we may 'take for gran ted that Bishop Barry, Archbishop ft'Ioran, and Mr. Jefferis - tho heads of tho three great sects— will: take thoir stand against this, system and agitate for payinont by results. If so, we may expect lively times of it yet. I don't think, as the House is at present constituted, they will have a ghost of a chance in getting - it al tered in the slightest degree. This a subject on which the public must be educated with5 a view of settling it on tlio hustings, and it gives a splendid clianco of employment for the clergy, if they can spare time from' .tli'eir .'.'onerous duties of collecting 'filthy lucre' and enjoying themselves. ? # . . * ?» * * * ? Sir Henry Parkes has been ' blowing his horn ' in Aberdeen, and the joko of tho affair is how ho turns round on tho land policy ho so highly lauded in 1882. Any chango of front in tho 'great' man would not surpriso anyone, but mark how far lie goes to havo his say. There is an old saying , which alludes to 'every cock crowing loudest on liis own dunghill,' but Sir Henry gets as far as lie can from his ; in fact, the wonder is that ho did not go as far as Kirkwall, whore ho could study ' murmurs of the ocean.' But let Sir Henry alone ; if anyone can palaver the ' bawbies ' but of tlio canny Scots he can. Liko a celebrated Irish counsel, when asked how it was he was so successful as a rulo with the jurios, said,- .' I. first butther thorn . up and then 1 butther them down.' There is another old saying in tlio land o' cakes, alluding diroctly to Aber deen men, to tho effect that 'an Aberdeen man is not bound by his word when it wrongs him.' Perhaps Sir .'Enry may now consider himsolf an Abordeen , man, and tako rofiige under this saying in future. I undorsland that when Sir John Robertson road Sir 'Enry's speocli ho made uso of some mild .expressions, to give an i'doa of which Ytilcan would bo unablo to' forge type. Tlioro will bo high jinks whon Sir 'Enry returns with the coin. . -X* if ? , ? 'Jf : ? : ? 'Imperial Ctosordcad and ttirnod to clay, may stop a liolo to keop the wind away.' Thoso linos of tlio immortal -Bard of Avon wero suggested to my mind on reading the advertisoinont in tho Mercury ' of ii -firm- of brickmakors carrying on business opposite the R. C. Cemetory, It's nice and ploasaut to think that ' tho giant intellect ' of to-day raay bo.mouldod into a fire brick and stuck in ; the hob of -a bushman's humpy. How does thin agree with tho belief in regeneration? If a young lady of fashion gets moulded into a hundred of bvicks and pla'cod in a culvort, how can sho-bo expected to bloom forth as a dafi'ydown dilly ? or bow can Davy Buchanan dovolop him self as a big Scotch thistle, or A. G. Taylor as a tanyard wallflower if they get stuck in a now court liouso or a post ofiico portico 1 Professor Pschar laff of Moscow— ono of tho cleverest scientists of tho day— imagines that rabbits contain tlio souls of departed people, his belief being so strong that ho has a whole colony of bunnies around him. Well if this is true, and it is just as possible as some of tho doctrines we hoar ovory day, I liopo providence will spare us tlio indignity of somo day waking up and lindiiii; ourselves nn nnVo giutered dog, or a Janiber io Cochin China roostor. Now I t hink I'll tako tho next steamer to tho Fivo Islands and stop on them distant shores until tho storm which this 'new light' causes will blow over. ? 