A NEW LIFE OF CHRIST. [From the London Literary World of November 9.] Three lives of Christ, executed on a monnumental [?] pictorial descriptions of the men and manners, the external surroundings, the environment, in a word, of the Son of God—aU thia points to a desire for full details on the subject of the Christ of history, which is certainly one ot the signs ot the times. Wecannoshelp describing it as a desire to "see one of the daya of the Son of Man"—a desire which, we arc compelled to add, is not to be realised in this way It is our modern mode of going on pilgrimage. It is the attempt to trace the river of our religion, polluted as it is by the wash of great cities, and choked with tradi tion and degma, to its fountain-head, where it leaps into We at Bethlehem, and flows iike Siloa'e atHom. still and pare, fast by the oracles of God. Well-meant as the desire is, we are far from sure that it can be realised. We say this with no desire to throw doubt en the good faith of cither of those three eminent writers—Archdeacon Famr, Jit, Gcilrie, and Dr. Edenbeim. If a power of word-painting and imagination, chastened by scholarship, and corrected by the latest researches ot travel, cpuld have aucceeded in rolling back the mist of eighteen cen turie?, then Karrar's "Life of Christ" would have left nothing to be desired. If, on the other hand, an almost encyclo paedic massing together of all that books can tel! us ot the life and times of the historical Christ could have availed, then Dr. Geikio would have enabled us to see "oneot the days of the Son of Man." Lastly, it we ask for a Hebrew ?f the Hebrew*, as our guide to the national pecularities ot the rfon of David, who was born in Bethlehem, who dwelt in Nazareth, and died in Jerusalem, what better guide could we meet with than Dr. Kdenheim J Indeed, we may add that, at the Synoptics supplement each other, the three gospels of the manhood respectively pointing bim out as son cf David, aon cf Israel, and sen of man. so to Archdeuon Farrars and Dr. Geikie's life of Christ, a third was required to complete tfao series. Be must be described as a Jew to the Jews as well as a Gentile to the Gentiles. This is Dr. Kderaheim's work. His standpoint, if we may use the comparison, is that of S?. Matthew's GospeL He has willingly brought his tribute, ?? a ccnverted aon of Israel, to the truth of Him who is the glory of His people Israel as ; well aa a light to lighten the Geotil**. : The publishers, as we conceive, did well, in view of the widespread and on the whole de served popularity of such works as those of Farrar and.Gcikie, to call on Dr. Edemheim, not so much to supplement their labors as to ? write a fresh life from aa independent stand* point. The work has been long waited for. but we do not think tkat the critics can com plain of thedeUy.lcwkingattaerssultasitis laid before us in two large octavo volumss of more than 70S pages each. Instead of two years, the author has consumed seven in the production of this work ; but re garded from whatever point ot view wo tboose, there is no sign oi the time spent in laborious trilling. Exact ia bis refctmxce ; and footnote*, copious in his quotation* from Talmud and Targum, it is not one critic in ten who ia competent to check his quotations: and sre may at once accept his references to Geijrer and <-'ra*tz, and Jost, acd the other authorities on Taiouditm, as accurate reports en the subject in hand. Ie is a work, in a word, worthy cf *he best days of English scholarship. We must go b?sk a long way. as far indeed aa the divines of the seventeenth century, to meet its equal in its own particular line. Ligbtfoot, Spencer, and Schoetgen are his equals in Rabbinic scholar ship, but they did cot write in a critical ago. In ifceir day, antiquity bad not yet been made to pass through the lire, ao aa to aif s out the gold ?? rcm the dross. For this reason, the old learning made a greater ahow than the new. Critics are more fa-tidious in oar day; the same Itarced load of authorities, the same tacg master rcll cf authors quoted, is tot required nor icdeed expected. And ret Dr. Edersbcim. in bis list ot authorities chi?£y used in writing this bock, iubi op nearly t?v> hundred works ?f writers, chitfly Jewish and German, whom he ha* laid under contribu tion. The woik, in a word is ?in?*n up on ao vast a scale, acd with such a comprehensive apparatus criticus, that the difficulty felt by the reviewer is where to brgin, and what point to tarn to. in order to give the lay reader aome impression of the whole. Perhaps the beat way to bring out the scope ef the work, as a whole, is to bear in mind the aafe rate, that to understand an author wo must put ounclvn at his point of view. For instance. Dr. Ederabcim throws rut the remark with regard to the call of the disciples, that " Jewish cKtoni and modes of thinking at that time do not help us further to understand the Lard's call of them, except ao far aa they enable us mare clearly to apprehend what the words ot Jesus would convey to them." Toe expression, *' Follow Me." would be readily understood as implyinga call to become permanent disciples of a teacher. Similarly, it was not only tne practice of the rabbis, bat regarded as see of the most sacred duties, for a master to gather around bim a circle of disciples. In deed, there is ao particular of Hebrew life in Palestine too minute to be passed over, if only it may bo made to throw light on some toodent in the Gospels. Take, for instance, thia call of the sens of Zsbsdos by the Ltkeot Galilee, Wo are reminded of the Hebrew meaning ot the word Zebsdee. which is God-given, like the Greek Theodore and Dorothea; and, also, wo am told that fish was aa article of diet, concerning which the rabbis bad given many minute direo tiona.—" Tradition had H, that ainee the days of Joshua, and by onset his tan ordinances, fishing in the lake, though under certain necessary restrictions, was free toalL And as fish was among the favorite articles of diet, in health and sickness, on week days and especially at the Sabbath meal, many must nave been em. ployed in connection with this trade. Frequent, and somstimsa strange, are the rabbinic advioaa. what Unds ot fish to eat at different times, and in what state ot pre paration. The* ware oaten fresh, dried, or pickled ; a kind of ? relish' or sauce was m ado of them, and the roe also nrssanid. We are told how tao mrge fish wotooanisd to market slung on a ring or twine, and the smaller nab inbaaketajor caaka. In truth, thess rabbis an veritabls ronnoisamrs in this delicacy; they discuss their aize with exaggerations, advise when they an in season, discern a peculiar flavor in the same kinds it caught in different waters, and tell us how to prepare them most tastefully, cautioning us to wash thcmdswa, it it cannot bs witt water, with fcesrrstksrvasa wiaa. Itisonaoftheirasual emigrations, whan we road of 300 different kinds of isa at a dinner fives to a great rabbi, although the common proverb had it, to denote what was superfluous, that it was like 'bringing fish to Aoco.* Besides, ash was also largely imported from abroad. It indicates the importance ot this traffic, that ens of tbegatasof Jerusalem wastermed *the fish-gate.' Indeed, there isa legend to the effect that not less than tf?.O00 casks of sar dines were every week supplied for the fig dressers of King Jaunxus. But, apart from such exaggeration, so considerable was this trade that at a later period ons of the patri archs of the Sanhedrin engaged in it, and actually freighted ships for the transport ot nab. 9* ?At the same time, our author is on his guard not to follow rabbinis traditions top slavishly and to see a comparison when we ought to look out for a contrast. Take the case of our Lord at tao well ot Sychar, when Ho asked drink of a woman that was a Samaritan, and assured her that in return for a single draught ot water He could put her in posseaaicn ot a well f>f water springing up to everlasting ltfe. Dr. Edenbeim hen rightly draws a contrast be tween what ths rabbis taught on the subject of water from a ciatsrn wit* Christ's offer of water from a well.—" Tao question has some times been asked, to what Jesus referred by everlasting We, Of the various strange wwusflapptylt to the doe trios of JssuSj Tiii'iiir** Mg such explanation by .a refsreaoe to rabbinic sayings in which doctrine is eomparsd to ?water!" Thia is one of thoss notunbvquent instances in which rabbinic references mislead rather than lead, being inaumrimfly known, imper fectly understood, or misapplied. It is quite true **-? ?- —itt rTTafjti tfct trarhtng of the rabbis is compared to water, but never to a'well ot water springing up.' Tatdif ferencsia very gnat. For it is the boast of mbbinism that Hs disciples drink of tao waters of their teachera; chief merit list is irorptmoesv, oft avoataatity, and higher praise cannot be given than theft of being *n weuplaetered cistern, which lets not out a drop of wamr/; and in thataenee is *n soring whom watsrs j continually increase.' But this is quite the i opporfte cl what our Tjord teaches. For, it is | only trueef what men can give when we read this (in Eodus. xziv. 21) :* They that drink me shall yet be thirsty.' More closely re lated tothe words of Christ is it, when we 1 icad of a'fountain of wisdom 3? while, in the Tareum on Cant. iv. 14, 'the words of the . law 7 are likened *unto a well of living ; waters.' The same idea was carried per haps even further, when, at the Feast ;of Tabernacles, amidst universal r* joiciog, | I water from Siloam was pourea from a golden pitcher on the altar, as emblem :of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. | But the caving of our Lord to the Samwitan ! I referred neither to His teaching, nor to the { ! Holy Ghost, nor yet to faith, hut to thagift ' of that new spiritual life in Him of which faith is but the outcome." ' Tornine in the same way to the story of the widow of Nein, we find that our commentator pours a rich flood of light on the narrative from his familiarity with < | Jewish writers aod manners. We may : 1 here quote a passage, which, for fulness , ;of picturesque detail, is not eatily euipssmd, ! " But in all this painful pageantry there was i nothing for the heart of the widow bereft of I beroaly child. We can follow in spirit the mournful procession as it started from the | i desolate home. As it waned, chairs and ! ' couches were reversed and laid low. Outside j the funeral orator, it each was employed, ; 1 preceded the bier proclaiming the good deeds jof the dead. Immediately before the dead ; came the women, this being peculiar ?o Gali> j lee, the midrash giving this reawn of it, that I women had introduced death into the world. i The body was not, as afterwards in prefer i ence, carried in an ordinary eoffiu of wood ! lAnm), if possible, cedarwood—on one oeca -1 sion at least, made with holes beneath; but ; laid on a bier. orinanopencoflm(afi(to)k). :In former times a distinction bad beennwde .in these biers between rich and poor. The ! former were carried on the so-called Dargoah ; —as it were in state —while the poor were conveyed in a receptacle made of wkkerwork ( X( lift or K'Mchi: ?). having sometimes at the foot what was termed *a horn,' to which the body was made fast. But this dis* ! tincdon between rich and poor was abolished by rabbinic ordinance, and both alike, if carried on a bier, were laid in that made of wickervork. Commonly, ? though not in later practice, the face of the dead body was uncovered. The body lay with 1 its face turned up, and its hands folded on itbebrcast. We may add that when a person 1 had died unmarried or childless, it was cm> i ternary to put into the coffin something dis tinctive of them, each as pen and ink, or a key. Over the coffin of bride or bride groom a baldachino was carried. Sometimes the coffin wae garlanded with myrtle. In exceptional cases we read of the use of incense, and even of a kind of libation. We cannot then be mistaken in supposing that ; the body of the widow's son was laid on the ? bed' (aftttoA), or in the 'willow baikcValnedy described fA*?lt&a; fromSetec). 1 Korean we doubt that the ends or handles 1 wereboravbyfrisodsandaMiAbouTe.dinar ett parties of bearers, aU of them unshod, at frequent intervals relieviug oath otht i .eothat las auny as possible might share in the good ! work. DsnnTtibnepauses there was loud lamentation; butthiscustom was not observed in the burial of women. Behind the bier walked the relatives, friends, and then the sympathising ? multitude.* For it was deemed like mocking one's Creator not to ; follow the dead to its last reatiog-plaw. and to all such want of reverence Frov. xvii. 5 was applied. If one were absolutely pre ' vented from joining the procession, although for its sake all work, even study, should be interrupted, reverence should at least be : shown by rising up before tiba dead,' Andes' they would go on to what the Hebrews beau tifully designated as the 'house of assembly' or 'meeting,' the 'hostelry.' the 'place of ' re?V or ?if freedom,' the 'field of weepers,' the 'house of eternity' or of 'life.* .. We can now transport ourselves into that scene. Up from the city close by cams this ?creat multitude* that followed the dead, with lamentations, wild chants of mourning women, accompanied by flutes, and the melancholy tinkle of cymbals, perhaps by trumpet*, amidst expressions of general sympathy. Along the read from Eador streamed the creat multitude which followed the ? Prince of Life.' Here they met: Life end Death. The connecting link between thtm was the deep sorrow of the widowed mother. He recognised her as she went before the bier, leading him to the grave whom she had brought into life. He recognised her, but she recog nictd Him not, bad not even seen Him. She was stfll weeping; even after He had i hastened a step or two in advance of His followers, quite dose to her, she did not heed Bim, and was stiUweeping. But 'beholding her* the Lord 'had compassion on her? Those bitter, sOsnt tears Which blinded her ejes were strongest language of despair and utmost need, which never in vain appeals to His heart, Who has boms our sorrows. We remember, by way of contrast, the common formula of funeral orators in Palestine. 'Weep with them, att ye ?ho are bitter of heart f It was ! not so that Jesus spoke to these around, j ncr to her. but characteristically— * Be not' weeping.' Asd what': He said that He wrought. He touched the bier—perhaps the very wicker basket in which the dead youth lay. He dreaded not thee greatest of aUdfile. ments—that of contact with the dead, which rabbinism. in its elaboration of the letter of the law, had surrounded with endless tenors. | His was other separation than that of the ' Pharisees; net that of submission to ordl nances, but of conquest of what made them necessary." ! iAs a test of a writer's ability to enter into the inner tmiltmi and spirit of Christ's mission, wo do not know any better test than the Temptation Scene at the opening of His ministry. TTimaislni on Keim. whose criticism, he justly obssrves. diners widely from not only the supsrnamt trivialities of a Bsnan, thestale atgumsots of a Strauss, or the lAutuissqus inaccuracies of < aHausrath,headdsthat even isisisut op ponents of Chnstmttllyl among whom he classes Keim—have perceived the higher need of the temptation. He is careful to point cut that, so far from Judaism having been able to anticipate this Temptation, as the mythioN school assume, it is whoUy beyond their horizon. The subject v absolutely : unique, andthsFstoi?isa^fuMlavnatwfeome mcreJewisk psaalsslism. On this subject he throws out As fruitful sum-liim that the "Messiah of Judaism is the Anti- Christ of the gospels.- Instead of Christ's I temptation being a mess snap ?? sat or ! mythical echo of the temptations of Moms and Klias. each of whom fasted forty days, we are reminded Oat "Moan j fatted in the middle, BUjshatths end, Jesus at the beginning of bis ministry. Moms j fasted in the presence of God, Elijah atone, Jesus s?saulted by the devil^Oosesbadbeen ! ?"?* PP.. I** God. Bl>J* bad gone forth ?n.tho hjtteraomef his?wnssarit; Jesus was driven hy the spirit. Moamfailsd after Us forty days* fast, when, in indiniarton. h.ce*ttr&£Tof tils Law CrowThun; Elijah faflsd before bis forty days* fast; Jesus was assailed for forty days, and en dured the trial. Mosss wa7angryior Israel, Elijah despaired of Israel, Jesus overcame for brad." Such contrasts are not' only instructive in themselves, but also point out where the mythical theory which Strauss bat popu larised breaks down. If the ministryand auradee of Jesus be only a kind of after glow, the echo of OldTestamsnt experi ences, now is h that the differcnoss are quite as striking as the parallelisms; We are thus led to see, with Or. Fdorshsua, the unique originality of the Saviour'smis sum, Bo also marks out a solsd distinction betwcena^peocable natnreand animpeooable person. 1' Working on the Knee of the church doctrine of "two natures meiie person," he is able to steer dear of ant sunken rode against which Irving struck. Theneemrisn error which always springs up in the wake of I cutychmn dogmatism is thus avoided, and ! it mc reset i our respect for Or. Edersheim as an able expositor of the Word of God. that he thus hoUs the balance evenly, and discerns the true point of temptation, that it grows up out of the eipremion that Jesus was led up of the spirit to be tempted of the Devil in the wilderness. If wo omit either of these two festers of temptation — the divine spirit or the diabouc—we shaH nuss the mark as smuch as if we overtook the truth that to Jesas JJTfcngrgin^&awSa; ef teasptatmn, in the iiisssii pat upon Him by Satento substitate HmTowawm will of God; to choose, in a word, Hm own course,andto amortHmMsssianic character in his own way. It i% perhaps, as well hereto quote oo*^?W£mSo3? of ?Foikd,osheted^esSysZ?^ita ovkpinmutcWdsthatfar^wccU?rhU, and covered Hwrthtbctr shadow. Taeaanno longer stows with melting heats the sabte \ tevega^f4wtJ?c4^ofU?9??mm,e?d lowed ssmtheaagatocomsand uwnisteredto h? w?aH both booty arm mental. He has reused to ssscrt power; He has not yielded to despair; He would not fight aof conquer ?lone in His own strength; aod fee tea nctfnd power and nfeeahment, an* heaven's company unnw*be?d in their ministry of worship. He would not yield to Jewish dream; Ha did not paw) from despair to ?resumption; and, 10, after the contest, witb no toward for its ob ject, all is His. Ho would not have Satan's WtsabasHMksjiona, and*aU heaven'?bocts are at His command. Itbad been victor/; at to now shoot of triumphant praite. He whom God hat anointed by Hie spirit had con quered by the Spirit; Ho whom Heaven's Voice bed proclaimed God* beloved Son, in whom He was weU pleased, and proved si*, and done His good pleasure. Tneybadah been overcome, these three temptations against ?übmimion to the will of God, pre sent, personal, and specifically Meananie. YetaUHis life lonf there were echoes of, them; of thenoVinthe suggestienrof Hii brethren toshowHiiiisdf; of the second, in the popular attemiA to make him a king, and perhaps also in whit constituted toe find {featf Judnsl?cariot;ot?)>etllird,asbeinc Batanic soot* plainly, in the question of Pilate—'Art Thou then a king? The enemy ?departed from Him'-yct only 4 fora season.' Batithis first contest and victory of Jesoe decided all others tothe lest, These were, perhaps, not ne to the shaping of ni? iffeerianie plan, nor through memory of Jewish ex pectancy, yet still in substance the same con test abont absolute obedience, absolute auV mission tothe will of God, which constitutes the Kingdom of God. And so also from first to last wae this the victory— 'XotMy win* bat Thine, be done.' Bat as, in the first three petitions which He has taught no, Christ has enfolded us- inthe mantle of His royalty, so has He who abated our nature and our temptation* cone ap with us, want-pressed, sin-laden, and temptation stricken as we are, to the Mount of Tempta* turn in the four human petitions whista follow the fins. And over us Is spread, si the shd teriof folds of His mantle, thu a* die out* com* of His royal conWt and alonoue victory— * For Thine is the Kingdom, and the pawer, and the glory, for ever aod ever.'" Here we most draw to a conclusion, since our [ apace does not permit us to Co?o* the narra tive on to its closing scene. We commend Dr. ISdenbeim for passing lightly over tbm physical details of the cracin-rion <ef our Blessed Lord. Dr. Fairar has entered too minutely into the dessib of the Cracifra gium, and Dr. Geikw bat even sarpsased him in the ucctmsalattoav of- sbsehjng and sical suffering of crodfizion. This, as we have alww* felt, was a blemish in these ! writers. Hera the modem mind, with itk craving for realism, nemos, as we think, the bounds of food taste and right feeling. When we are told of the "Airrinrm, cramp, fever, tetanus, publicity of shame, long all intensified up to the point at which they can lie just endured at all, but stopping short of ths point which would give the sufferer the idmfof uncontcieusnem n (v. "Farm's Life of Christ"), we are templed to ask, m thie kyftimatr oi?nmiVfa contrast wita human pity, wo greatly prefer the reverens reserve of Or. Edenbam. He does not throw n veil over it altogether, but bo rather draws us aside to consider the un imaginable agonies of Ms mental conflict. Of the three hours 1 darkness, he observes, "It was not only of nature, Jesas also entered into rtsrrnsss, Body. Soul, and Spirit. It was now, not as'before, n con test, but euSsrinc. Into <*"M^ to ue fathomless depth of the mystery of His sufferings, we dare not, as indeed wo cannot, enter. It was of the bady, yet not of the body only, but of pnyawal life. And it was of the soul and spirit. yes not of them alone, but in their conscious relationtomanandtoGod. And it was not of the human only in Christ, but in its in dissoluble connection with tbeDivine: af ??? human where it reached the utmort verge of nnmiHaHon. to body, seal, and spirit, ami in it of the Divine to utmost aeif-exmani tion." Thk is the true point of view. Hencsttis that at the crom we ass tim meeting point of extifA?jO!yandamTOw,andnndentaodhov bs jrasswn was tae true scatang-poBB ox His *—' and eternal liliimili "flui esnsa tiocalwotd^intlngotthepaysicslsofferinge of Christ give us nogUmpssottbe n. up mean ing of that siwissiiiii "who for ?as joy that was sot before Him, endured the cross, despised the akama, and m now set down at the right hand of God." But wo moat condada. Wo have said that Dr. Kdersheim's is the Hebraistic as, by may of contesst. wo may describe Farrarv and Gdhto** m theHellenistie and Gentile aspect of Christ** life and work. It mweU Oat wo should regard it in aD points of view. At the same time, it is only fan? to add that this gospel of the Jew is also the one wnich most fully wrings out the Mtssisnii character of Christ. Dr. VJas>m?Mmi * *? *? a mi hi 111 XAMKnDmMwi BaM wMmOwD? tM *% CBnVttt&X; IJQB of load, that Jeans of Xasarath is the end of the law and of prophecy, and yet m such n Messiah as neither Jew nor Greek could have anticipate], and an have projected out of idea into the dear light of history. Let us add that this crowning labor of a HfctisM deserves the warm recognition which it win receive from the judicious reader. Whether it wfll ever attain to the widespread popularity of De, Farm's more graphic but ism accurately guided pen remains to be seen. It will pro bably grow, as aU solid works do, in toe csti nurtion of tat public. 