« INTRIGUE." By Brigadier General Ronald Mclver. Henry CHAHTEB VI. " A worthless woman, mere cold clay, As all lolse things are 1 bat so fair, Sho takes the breath of men away . Who gaae upon her unaware." SUTJO BOMANO, the great tenor, had.made.hiB last how to an. admiring audience, and was about-to leave the theatre, when one of tho \- attendants approaohed and said hesitatingly, as if expecting a rebuke,." A lady wishes to Bee-you, Signor, who states her. business is urgent—indeed she wonld not be denied, and is awaiting yon there"—pointing to the door of an unoccupied dressing-room. He might have added his scruples had been overcome by an astonishingly handsome douceur, a sufficiently heavy bribe to indaoe him to brave the fury of the hot-blooded Italian's anger. His relief was great •twhen", Bomano ^answered quietly : "it is well, the lady is expeoted," and passed quickly into the small apartment, closing the door carefully behind him. There, crouching in the darkest corner was a muffled figure, who on seeing Bomano enter, sprang hastily to her feet, and as the cumbersome cloak fell from her, discovered the lovely form of&idia; Disney, still clad in the white sheeny, ,robes and glittering with diamonds. . Silvio stood by the door, a dark dangerous look on his handsome face, bat his bold black eyes nevertheless drinking in eagerly fevery detail of her soft loveliness, her .rich .attire, her costly gems. With a low glad ory of welcome Gidia glided towards him, and though he, put up his hand angrily as if to keep her oS, she came closer, and winding her bare white arms about his neck tried to reach his lips with her moist ted ones. The man wonld have been more than mortal to have resisted her, and Silvio Bomano was but clay, and clay of a very coarse type, in spite of his perfect face, and figure like a Greek god's. Thus the fiery Italian blood coursed furiously through his veins beneath the caresses of this beautiful woman, and as she melted into bis . arms with a happy sigh, he abandoned himaelf to the delight of the moment, and pressed hot passionate kisses on her lips, her eyes, her neck. Gidia was the first to recover, and gently withdrawing herselt from his arms, \- pushed him into a low chair, and seating herself on his knee, allowed her golden head to lie confidingly on Bomano's breast. " Ah, mio ben," she whispered, stroking his cheek with her forefinger, " if you only knew how your poor little Gidia has longed for this, dreamt of it, bow bitterly she has repented having left you, and how she has suffered, you would never have the heart to otter one cruel word. But what could I do, Silvio,"she went on entreatingly; the life was so hard, it would have killed me, and I was too yonng then to realise how much I loved yon, though I know it now to my ooBt"—her lips again met his—".In a hasty, foolish moment I ran away to my riah-English relations, of whom you never even dreamt, you poor darling,— and my aunt, Miss Dering, adopted ine." " So," said the Italian, toying with the sparkling gems on hor bosom, "yon have done well for yourself, little one"—and he threw a significant glance at ber diamonds—"I also have been fairly successful but I must confess my years of toil and anxiety bave failed to bring me as much wealth as you now display on yonr fair person. Oh, Gidia t " He went on drawini her closer to him, his rare thrilling voice ful ol tenderness. ""Why did you forsake me when success was at last to fall to my lot ? knew it must come, and you, with your splendid voice and lovely features, yon and I together, what could we not have accomplished? You have been very oruel, very tieaoherous, but I believe Gidia ma you bave still a few grains of affection for me, and I love you so devotedly; I cannot help forgiving* you as I look into your pretty face. But tell me," he said gaily, " who has my ittle poverty-etrioken Gidia been transformed into 7 Of course, I must be introduced to be fairy godmother or aunt, or whatever the beneficent creature who has adopted you may be, for, my darling, you shall not readily give me the slip again, now you are once more restored to my arms." Gidia shivered and turned very pale. "Oh, Silvio I!' sbe gasped, thinking fearfully, " he will kill me when he knows all; is it possible you do not guess what I have done—who I ata ? My darling, hold me closer in your arms, or I dare not tell yon. The man who was with me this evening, who carried me from our box, was Sir Balph Disney, and I—Oh, Silvio, Silvio 1—I married him 1" With a frightful oath the Italian flung her to tbe ground, his eyes, gleaming with rage, seeking a weapon wherewith to Btrike her; hut Gidia, flinging herself at his . eet, and frantically throwing her arms round e knees, cried— "You.will not killme, Silvio. I am not fit to die "—her bare bosom pandag with fear and excitement. " Let me live a little while longer, if only to ebjoy my hew found hap- "ihesB," she entreated. .Bomano seized her delicate wrists violently. ; Ton are trying to fool me again," he hissed; . • you, my wife, dare to tell me of your mar- ' iage with another man, and hope to live. Ah, traitress 1 you love him, or you would ever -—" \- "No; before Heaven," interrupted Gidia, earnestly; " believe me, Silvio, I have never loved anyone but you—no other man has had ; power to ruse a single warm feeling in my heart j Ahdihisiad.Mbpaft Englidimah thfe jvoria callsbly 'hatband, who was onoe my aunt's' lover, his very kisses freeze on my he lies beside'.me, iTI.4aW." TfiAj seeing her words were beginning to tell oh Bomano she -threw herself Jnto;hisiarm8, and between her- passionate "losses whispered imploringly— • .i.'S ,,. ?ou could not hurt yOurlittle wife, yonr Gidia.for •whateverl.Bm to.tho.world I, am Indeed yonrs-^-yonrs body and soul, and yonr interests,-your aimi,.shall be mine, my husband, my love." Then the ventured to look np into'the dark stormy faoe of her lover, and its expression was "wonderfully reassuring. . . Whtathe quioksubtlebrainof the Italian, after his firet barat of jealous rage was over,- hadgraaped the .situation, it appeared tohim not .so very displeasing." The handsome tenor, the idol of the moment; had no wish to be hampered witli a wife, even anoh a pretty one as Gidia, andyet here waa a' -most convenient arrangement ready for him to drop into. Here was a wife whom, if he chose, he could olaim openly at any moment, or keep seoretly, entirely at his commands, and in his power. ' That Gidia was. Sir Balph Disney'e supposed wife gave him a hold over the wealthy < baronet's purse-strings, no small consideration to Bomano, who in spite of his princely' salary, -was one of the most impecunious of men. All this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, she found all resentment had faded from the face of her husband, giving plaoe to a tender resignation. "No, my own," he eaid sadly, caressing her softly the while. " Much as you have injured me, you know, Xoould never in cold blood harm a hair of your Bweet head; but remember "—and his eyes burnt into hers— " yon are mine, body and soul, as yon said just now,' and we must contrive to meet often privately, or I will not be responsible for my actions." • . "Yes, of - course,- dearest," ehe uttered lightly, not daring to oontradiot the man in whose power she lay so completely. "Only it will be frightfully difficult to manage, you know." " But if yon really love me as yon say, and not that stifi-neoked Englishman whose throat I long to out, it will be easy enough. Besides, Gidia, sinoe you always took a delight in plotting and scheming it comes naturally to you. Why, you are Inemale Maohiavelli," laughed Silvio. . . . " Ah, flatterer!"—GidiathoughtMachiavelli was probably some character in an unknown opera—"But my darling, I wonld move heaven and earth to'spend a moment in your arms, so donot doubt my love for you;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Olaudia'a words respecting her muBical reunion the following Thursday, ehe laughed softly, "So, Silvio, you are the new tenor whom my cousin has secured to sing with me, and whose voice I hoped would blead well with mine." " And you, then," said Silvio, also laughing, " are the lady amateur f have been cursing, having determined she was some Vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note. We shall charm and" astonish your friends, I fancy, my darling." " What a mercy we did not meet unexpectedly for the first time in my own drawingroom;" said Gidia, thankfully; " and, dear love, I must now hasten away, or my absence may be discovered, and then where would 'Lady Disney'B' reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you mast not come a single step with me, the risk would be too great"—Silvio had made a movement as if to accompany her—" You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au revoir till Thursday, by which time I shall have devised the ways and means for onr future rendezvous." One more long embrace and Gidia had left bim to return stealthily to ber stately home, the home of the man who trusted ber implicitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble race. Silvio Bomano then left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily- furnished chambers thinking how he could turn to best advantage the strange chances Fate had pnt into his hand. When a mere youth he had married the half English, half Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit of passion, partly because their voicefe harmonised, and he had a vague idea it might be worth his while to secure her. Bomano knew and oared little about his child-wife's relations. Her mother was Leonora .Valetta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as he believed, the cast-oS mistress of some wild yonng Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the story of Leonora's marriage was regarded as a mere myth. Thus he never dreamt what a source of wealth Bhe would eventually become to him; in fact, he had, amid the excitement of hit unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. "How beautiful she has become," he thought, " unless it is the way she is got up, which makes the astonishing difference. I should hardly have recognised her, if the little fool had not looked so frightened, though she had good reason for fear, little serpent I " and he clenched his white teeth savagely. " If I bad only known, but ehe shall pay for it yet, Silvio Bomano is not a man to be trifled with.. So those are the famous Disney diamonds I have heard so many fine ladies rave about. Why, they alone must be worth a king's ransom," and hie eyes shone ouriously. When his handsome faoe dropped the mask of the conventional smile it usually wore, what an evil-looking man he was. Bomano was tall, with a light symmetrical figure, clear out regular features, dark creamy skin, and faoe which bore evidence of his nationality. His bead was covered with a profusion of black curls, a moustache of the Bame color hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, aud his bright black eyes, large and bold, were capable of expressing as much tenderness as bis soft, thrilling voice. But, in spite of these natural advantages, the man's onaracter was discernible on his oountenanoe, for his .expression betrayed that he was both selfish and orafty, and his heart not only eold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionate—not an uncommon combination in the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fickle as the winds, he would Btill never hesitate to draw a knife aorose the defenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the back of a man who stood between him and his objects. And he held Balph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power he would not scrapie to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind was busy with plans for the future, but his thoughts seemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn; nothing else seemed real or tangible. His newly recovered wife's beauty, ber lingering caresses, and long dinging kisses were very pleasant to recallbut those diamonds I When he closed bis eyes be could almost Bee them again sparkling and glittering on the fair white throat (for a moment he paused to think how soft and tender that was), and in careless profusion over the rioh silken robes. Long after day. light had stolen in through the windows, Bomano sat reasoning feebly— " The jewels belong to Gidia, and she is undoubtedly mine, why should not I make use of both her and them ? " The thought seemed at first a wild one, but it rapidly gained ground, and ere long the Italian had fully determined on obtaining speedy possession of the muoh-ooveted diamonds, po matter at whatrisk; and he vowed fiercely.' it Bhould fare ill with the man or woman who might dare to stand in his path. ; CHAPTEB VII. v '-. .'-'.> ': Before the iaidbMi'. tin unusually $ay onebad closed, Lady Disney astonished her husband by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney ' Manor, and Balph, though o^lj too thankful to esoape from a life.in every way irksome to him, thought it his duty . to Sremind Gidia she would probably find the country very doll after" having accustomed herself to so much excitement. - " Yon eee, my dear, no one will leave town just now, and ! doubt if yon would get any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite Bure Claudia will .not be persuaded to accompany us—at any rate, not till after tbe next, drawing-room and the Princess' Garden Party, 1 ', he eaid warningly, being too honest to take a mean advanage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. *' Oh, I db not care the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; " I am tired to death of if.t everybody and everything, and wish we had pev\r come to libndon at all, but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," and she began to ory. ( Balph, stUl "very fond at his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly m his arms— " My darling "—soothingly—" we will start at onoe, if yon really Wish it. I shall be overjoyed at having. my little wife all to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly opart of late. We will see if the fresh, pare air of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring baok the roses which have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, " and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear oldMrs.Ounninghameto join us there. It will be quite like old times," he added, pleasantly. Whether Gidia was equally' delighted with this latt arrangement her husband never heard, as tbeir conversation was at that moment interrupted by the entrance of callers, bat tbe invitation was despatched, and duly acoepted by both ladies. The following week, in apite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Balph and Lady Disney left town; and the same paper which recorded their departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Bomano was compelled, by medical advioe, to retire for a time from publio life. He was about to proceed—so it stated to his native plaoe, a email Italian village, there-to seek the entire repose he so much needed. Lilias Dering'a first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after oonsideration, Bhe blamed herself severely for having for a moment even entertained the thought of refusing, and so she found herself tbe guest of Balph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gushing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all her newly- acquired dignity, and waB once more the childish, light-hearted creature with whom Balph Disney bad fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priory. "How happy they arel" Mrs. Cunninghame would exclaim as Bhe watched Balph's lover-like attentions and' Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about tbe lonely old grounds. And Lilian, though ehe had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe it so, and, without one regretful Bigh for the happiness whioh might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunninghams was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Balph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cottagers dwelling on their respective 'estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The drawing-room opened on a long terraoe, from whioh some ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark fir trees came a peculiar note, whioli to most ears would have borne no significance, it was so like the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders contemptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the etone steps, glided across the dewy lawn, dived into the ehadow of the wilderness, and then quiokening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Bomano. " My own love," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. " You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it is here," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's side as she glanoed fearfully around. " But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. With arms twined about eaoh other, and heads bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon whioh had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Ounninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaeeful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the,room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disuey's usually blooming face, that Mrs. Cunninghame uttered an exclammation of surprise and dismay, which immediately attracted the attention of both Balph and Lilias. " My love," said Balph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, " how imprudent of you to remain out BO late I I should have fetehed you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremendously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. Yes, indeed," Baid Mrs. Cunninghame, " the dear child lookB as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Balph, her feet are quite wet,' pointing to the tiny eatin slippers resting on a stool. " So they are I and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Balph excitedly chafed the little hands which hung listlessly at her Bide, and looked appealing towards Miss Dering. Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaches for having monopolised Sir Balph so long, rose and went towards her nieoe. " Come, dear, you had better divest yourself of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Balph, " or let me take you to your room, Gidia," and she tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards ber. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and for once the teats which streamed down ber cheeks were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, Bhe allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a sigh of relief she found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny friils hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace, trimmings torn and discolored. " f bey will need my assistance onoe more," she thought, triumphantly, as she brushed out the tangled golden curie, and pured stealthily at the white drawn faoe refieoted in the .glass."" '• MiiauLinaeea appea's vratment malum," ihe said at. Jast,;pdftly, - ".Maladi is riot wise to venture so late in ;the air of this perfidious Jolimiite.., Jjfore Dieul but it is simply atrocious-to one Aoonstomed. to the delicious even-: ingsof the'flonny South, the bright Italio,". and Maria cast up;her eyes sentimentally. The Frenchwoman's voice breaking In upon; her. meditations reminded.<Hdia she <had indeed need of her maid's assistance, eo she answered— . " Yes, my good Mario, J am ill, wretchedly so, and unless I feel ever BO muoh better in tbe morning, I shall not leaye my own apartments—at least not before the evening. And, oh! whilst I think of it," she went on care- Iessly. " Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds'; I have arranged an entirely new setting for them if Sir Balph will only let me oarry out my jdeas." Marie toolc her :mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from whioh Bhe soon returned, beating a safe, evidently quite as much as ehe could manage to carry. "Hon Dieu; but it is heavy," ehe exclaimed, with a fcroan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady 3>isney's side. "Yon need .'not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with the bunch of keys. "Iam not inclined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again." The door "had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. " How dare he ask me to risk such a thing 1 "-sheexclaimed vehemently. "There will be such a terrible storm when the robbery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would become of me'! To fall BO low after having climbed so high, would be dreadful, and I could almost hate Silvio for making me do this thing. How cruel he can be when he chooses I " she meditated. " And yet I suppose I really do love bim a little. Certainly more than anyone else in the world." Then, her sobs gradually subsiding, she unlocked the safe, and, taking the diamonds foom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the surface of a moonlit lake. " I have no affection for the horridly old. fashioned things themselves," ehe reflected. " Balph will never be persuaded to let me do what I like with them. Then, as Silvio says, everyone will be so full of commiseration when tbey hear of my loss, tbat I shall be snre to have endless presents to console me, nice modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy etuff"—And she looked contemptuously at tbe curious setting Balph valued more highly han the diamonds themeelves. "This riviere is rather nice though; I reember the Prince said how well it became e, at the Mansion House Ball," and she eld it up to the light, letting it glide over er pink fingers. " Yes, I must try and keep t somehow," decidedly. " After all, if Marie ill only assist me, I sba]l not have to run. ny very great risk" (the little sinner was a hilosopher iu ber way, and readily-submitted o the inevitable). "It is poor Silvio who ill suffer, if anyone, but then he is far too lever to be caught,"—and having comortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders f another, her terror began visibly to iminish, giving place to another feeling of annoyance as she thought— I ehall have to give Marie at least half ho money Balph gave me yesterday—how xseedingly tiresome I" and'ehe touched the ell pettishly. In a few seconds the Frenchoman entered, hearing on a small silver salver a cup of steaming chocolate. How nice, and thoughtful of you, Marie," and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as she daintily sipped the fragrant beverape. " I really do not know what I should do without .">ou. And oh, I was just thinking; I am not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenore sent me yesterday, so you may have it it you like." Then, interrupting Marie's profuse thanks—" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's. Sir Balph wishes it, but they must be carefully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to-morrow evening." Here Lady "Disney's tones became studiously slow and measured, causing Marie to listen very attentively. " I ehall leave my room exactly at five minute3 to eight; you will then immediately take tho diamonds from their cases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will etand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them. I have a presentimont that when once down stairs—say at eight o'clock precisely—the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, so be prepared to come to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand me?" and she fixed her eyes significantly on her maid's expressive teatures. "But, Miladi—" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mistress's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoulders deprecatingly—" would it not be an imprudence to leave euch valuable jewels even for a moment ? If hy some terrible misadventure they were lest, stolen, it is I, pauvre Marie who would be compelled to face rain and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beautiful, so /amiable, I would even risk that." " Best assured, Sir Kalph will never blame you for neglecting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assistance," replied Gidia, who saw Bhe was understood. " I see 1 can depend on your fidelity, Marie," and she opened a small cabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, ssyiog graciously—" To show you how highly I value your services." Marie said not a word, but fixed licr eyes aVaricously on the other half, which Gidia was nboiit to return to the cabinet. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. , Sir Bilph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening aud fr;und her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambrc cohering ber dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to the wonderful crection of tiny golden curls. "Are you quite sure, darling, you feel well enongh to join us at dinner," were her husband's first words. "I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would cot bave yon overtax your strength for the world," Gidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. " Oh, yes, dear; I am really over so muoh belter, and cannot consent to lose another of our dear, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revel in. I love to listen to you and wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to understand all your clever plans"—then glancing towards the little Dresden clock which had just chimed the third quarter—" Can you wait juet another minute, dear? Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs." •'Of course, dearest, I shall wait—an hour if you like." Then his eye fell upon the safe standing near, with the keys dangling from the lock. " You are surely not coming out in your diamonds to-night," he said, wonderingly. • {To le continued.) 