BILL FISHER'S GHOST . r -??.'/ Taranaki Jack^ ' Come, spin us a yarn, Peter !' The petitioner was Charlie Howard, one of the boundary riders on Nubba run, where I put in six months or so of the time allotted to me on this terraqeous sphere as a private t.ntor. It was shearing time, and there was a full shed at Nubba. Two large ' huts,' each holding about thirty men, presented a fascination for one of my charges, the elder of-the three assigned to me, and more than once I found the ratunt from his home studies listening eagerly to the conversation of tho ' shed' men, or shearers, as they sat round the blazing logs after supper, or as we should say, tea, and told fearful whoppers about big tallies, snakes, gold digging, or blacks, the staple subjects in an Australian shearers' hut. The evening in question was ono of those Australian nights one must see, aye, and feel, to realise, and I was hardly sorry that Master Bob had given me an excuse to walk to the huts at the creek in search of him, and an opportunity of smoking one of his father's cigars in the glorious September moonlight. A stroll from the homestead through the paddock and on to the creek where stood the hut in which, from the more hilarious and vivacious character ..of its occupants, I ex pected to find my young charge was far more enjoyable at that moment that conning over lesson books, in the preparation of lessons for the morning, or even discussing the cablegrams in the previous day's paper (which usually reached the homestead about the time we sat at evening meal) with the ' boss,' settling the political affairs of the country to our own satisfaction, or, as we smoked our pipes, relating, on the part of tne ' ooss, personal recollections ot the palmy days of Ballarat and Geelong, and, on my own part, such stories of the Maori wars in New Zealand as I could remember, or personal experiencesoftheFifth Continent. Although theso after- supper hours wore valued for tho sake of the recital in graphic language of the history of Australian gold fields in the fifties by a stirring figure in that history, I was glad when I went out into the moonlight on that night to seek my pupil, who, sooth to say, took advantago of tho oblivion to our surroundings into which his father and I sank when we got fairly under- weigh in these discussions, or 'yarns,' to slip'aWay~'unperceived'to—0'ne~'or~other_of the men's huts, which were prohibited places. As I approached the hut, Charlie Howard, I ?*r .1. V . ? who possessed a capital tenor voice, was concluding ono of his favourite songs, to tho accompaniment of a concertina, and I had reached the doorway unobserved by all but one or two, in the applause that followed the song, in time to hear a warning voice call out to Master Bob, 'Look out, young'un here's the parson.' and to hear Charlie's demand for a yarn from Poter Sinclair, tho boss of the wash-pens. Shearers in Australia seem to have an idea that all tutors on sheep stations are, or have been, parsons. It is a sad reflection that many of them have worn the surplice, which a too free indulgence in the 'rosy' had deprived them of, but all private tutors are not all unfrocked parsons, and I rather resented the allusion, and felt at once as if it had thrown a cold blanket on the exuber ance of those who had hoard it. I deter mined, therefore, to mako amonds by join ing the motley crowd, and, having secured Bob, took a profferred seat — an inverted nail can — before the blazing bark fire, and seconded Charlie's call for a j'arn from the boss of the wash-pen. Whether the appearance of ' the parson' — I am sure I did not look ji_bit.. like. jq.ne— had impressed Peter with the desirableness of dealing with things supernatural I cannot tell ; but, at any rate, after some little^demur ho consented to tell us a remarkable incident in his own life, and tho truth of which he was willing to take any quantity of ' Bible oaths on.' Pipes were recharged and relit, fresh logs were thrown on the fire — for even iu summer time the nights in some parts of Australia are chilly enough for a respectable fire, and a shearer's hut is nothing if not brightened by the red, cheering glow of the fire which provides the artificial light required as well as heat — and a 'billy,' containing some thing stronger than tea, was handed round as Peter cleared his throat and responded to the ' call.' ' ' Well, boys, I ain't so young as I was, and what I am going to tell you happened more years ago than I care to say, for as men get older and find themselves kinder outcasts, without chick or child with the years, they are as little anxious as the womenfolk are said to be to blow about the years they have left behind. Anyhow, it was in the early days of Lambing Flat before the pesky Chinkies came over to rile us, and raise Cain gen'rally. 'Why. old grizzly, that must haMjeon 'afore the riots, and yer couldn't haviybeen no kid then ; Lambing Flat wasn't^ no place for soft 'uns in them days,' inter rupted a grey-headed old rouse-about, who^ was sitting on one of the hobs of the immense fireplace, and who was known by the sobri quet of Old Methuselah. No, old 'un, you're about right there; I wasn't no chick, but I hadn't been long out from the Old Country. Me and my mate, p^or old Jack Hinchcliffe, who pegged~olitr tUe other day at Cooktown, along of^ the cursed fever'n ague, had got on to a mice little find, and were picking up tho specks pretty comfortably. You all. know that Lambing, Flat ain't far from this 'ere run ; ? and many's the Sundays in those days that Jaqk and me rode over here after the pesky jumpers. In them days there warn't many jumbucks iu this part of the country, though this run was carrying a few thousand, and, of course, we soon got to know the bosses ; in fact, they joined us on'ce or twice in a run along there towards Cootamundra. Kan garoos were plentiful hereabouts, and the brutes know good grass still, seeing as how there's droves of 'em here now. ' Well, the run belonged to some Sydney cove, who never showed himself this way very much, but spent the chink the run turned him in where you could see life for your money in those days. Can't say as he could be blamed much for that, anyhow, boys.; -Sydney ain't much now-a-days for such as we, but Sydney gen'rally fetches me for all that when the rhino's there,' grinned the old fellow, as he slapped his empty* breeches pocket. ' But I ain't getting on very fast with the yarn, you'll be saying. Well, the Sydney swell as owned the grass here had sent up the two young fellers whom I told you about — the bosses of this ruh. The}' were two. young English coves, neat and spry looking, and they'd both learned to bake a damper, crack a stockwhip, and sit a buck jumper without looking like ord'nary new chums at that kind o' thing. They'd been out a goodish bit, and seemed powerful fond of one another. There was no house on th© run then, but there were bark humpies over the rise there, about where the stable stands now. The bosses lived in one of the humpies, and the only two men employed on tho run and a black mail-boy roosted in the other. I don't seem to mind the year exactly, but it was just before lambing time that the elder of the two bosses got a letter from the owner in Sydney telling him that his lawyers wanted him down at once ; that one of his kith in England had died and left him all his squosh. 'You may be sure that this news sorter interested Bill Fisher and his pal, Joe Marshall, and it wasn't to be supposed that one would go to Sydney without the other. So a day or two after the receipt of the letter they saddled up, and struck out on tho Sydney road ; thero was no railroad in them days, and Sydney was a good 400 miles by tho old track. In about three weeks or a month tho bosses were back to Nubba ; they were both in -high spirits, q,nd looked as if they had a high old tim^ of it in the metro'lips. They seemed inclined to mako an everlasting birthday of tho businss, too, and every night found them in Abe Dowell's bar-room, down here to Wombat, and some twnes' they- got over to Murrumburralv or flown to the Flat, as they felt disposed, and often they were away for days at a stretch. I saw them down to the Flat more'n once | ? ? - V 1 . . _ A 1 f - myself, and had a drink at pore Bill's ex pense as often as I met him. ' It was- pretty woll known by this time that Bill had dropped in for a goodish bit of l rhino, and he was just the boy to make it fly. Well, one day, about a month after their first return to the station after the ? ? { visit to Sydney, and after several days spree ing at Murrumburrah, Joe Marshall rode up to their humpy late at night and alone. He told their friends (and the squosh had brought a good many around) that he had beeu part of the road to Sydney with Bill, ? who was going straight back to England to ? realise on some property that had also been left him, and that in the course of a year or two he was coming out again with a young wife and would buy this 'ere run and settle down on it. In the meantime Joe was to stay here and look after things. Nobody doubted the story, which seemed likely enough ; and, if they had, there wasn't no lightning concerns in them days between here and Sydney, and only a mail about once ' ( a week. There wasn't many neighbours hereabouts either, and so pore Bill and his money was soon forgotten. ' One Sunday, some weeks after, my mate, Jack Hinchcliffe, and me had been out here past Wallendbeen on kangaroo and wallaby .tracks and called in here, at Nubba, just about sundown, for a bite and a sup to take us on to the Flat. Wo had some damper along with Joe, who told us some new chums had been out on the run during the week prospecting, and that they had got the coler. We talked the thing over for some hours, and Joe wanted us to stay and have a look at the prospects in the morning. We couldn't both leave the claim down on the Flat, and, as we thought ' thero might be something in it, Jack decided to stay till morning, and after a pull at tho ' billy,' and lighting the pipe, I saddled up and rode % away from tho humpy and out on the road to Wombat. It was close up midnight when I left the run and got out on the road, and a glorious night at that, for all the world like to-night — calm and bright with a full moon. 'I rode along, enjoying my pipe, and looking over our prospects and about the coler being found on this 'ere run, and had got about half way between this very spot and Abe Dowell's, where I meant to have a nightcap if I could knock him up for it, and if it cost me a note, when the little pony suddenly shied clean off the track and landed me in some sheoke scrub. I tumbled up, and, as I had not lost my hold of the reins, ,led the pOny out into the roadTt&look; for the 'thing that had frightened her. Before we hacl got many steps she stopped, pulled back, and' refused to move forward. I followed the direction of her eye and saw my old chum Bill Fisher sitting on the fence on the oppo site ride of the road. 'Hello, Billy,' says ? X ' I- thought you were on the briny by this time. What's hup ?' 'But Billy never stirred, and as the pony wouldn't move on, I turned round and led her back to tho scrub, where I tethered her, : ? intending to go over and have a yarn with Billy. When I turned round again there was not a sign of him anywheres, and I began to think the run up to Nubba had been too many for me. But then, I argied, I seen him so plain and distinct like, and, feeling a bit bamboozled, I walked over to the rail, where I'de seen him sitting, and r* looked over the fence. There, boys, blamo M me, if Billy wasn't quietly walking over the ^ bottom paddock towards the gully, as if he was cutting across the cornel; and making for the Wallendbeen road( When he saw me looking over the fenco he kind'er halted, and when he stop* ped I jumped over and ran towards him. But, darn my skin ! as soon as I started after him he was off again, and somehow I couldn't help follering him, although 1 was beginning to feel skewed, and an all over kind of feeling started up the back of my neck and made me feel shalcv in the legs. Anyhow, I meant to catch Billy, and know tho reason of his going back on an old chum like that. But the faster I walked the faster he went By this time we were over the hill, and Billy had turned down Dead man's Gully— and you'll soon know why it got that name. I could see him pegging along down the gully, but when he seen me take the track after him he 'peared to slow down like. ^ When I saw this I started to run, thinking to get up to him, and called out his name several times. When he got to the bottom of tho gully, whoro the deep 7 waterhole is, he was only ten or twelve yards ahead of me, and was making for round the hole. . He stopped, turned round and faced me when he reached the other side of the waterhole ; he wasn't twelve yards away then, and the moon shined strait down on the whitestr-face I ever seen. Boys, that face was Bill Fisher's, but as I looked at it, straight and friendly like, it slid.' ( To he continued. J 