THE GREAT ZOCD LOOK OF TSJMAS SUELGBOVJS. (CONXINtTED-.) " One of the oldest:, ugliest, crustiest, most contanlrerous, and regular of our customers, was a Mr. Slag? ; he was a 'eavy man. You are lookin' at me, sir ! Ah, well he was a 'eaTier man than me Ha had big 'aads, big feet, and a big 'ed, altogether ha was about the mo3t ordinary looking old chap as come to the ' Crane.' When I first went there, and that's a long spell now, he was my terror. I used to dread tha time when I should 'are to wait on him'. Even Joseph the head waiter, was a bit shy of him. There waa not many peeople as Joseph was afraid of, and 'is word was taken for the quality of a wine or the tenderness of a steak, as tha' he was speakin' from a oracle. Well, years went on, and I waa shifted up to old Slags's table. Law. the trials I hare ;ad to endure from the tampers of that old gent would break your 'art to hear. Nothing waa right for him. Se would come in reg'la< at G oTclock erory niglit ot tlie year except Sundays. Winter and summer, wet or fine, it was always the same to him. Joseph would go up and say " Chop or steaksir?" " Chop," he would growl out. " Wine aa usual, sir?" 'Yes, sir !' " Tumnis, ehops for Mr. Slagg, pint of port." AwayI would run to execute the order, and woe to me if the ch'jps was not cooked to his likin' or the port was shaken. I assure you, sir, I liavo 'eard a good bit of hard swearing in my time, both in the box and out of tile box, but never till I waited on that old gentleman did I 'ear such an out and outer. I think he must 'are made a study of it in his early days, and his know ledge must 'aye ripened with his years. And then that greedy after the papers, he would swear if they had not come, swear if they waatoo. latej and swear if anyone else 'ad theni. When he got the papers he kept them till he left, which was always exactly half-past eight, after ev'ry one else 'ad left. Hit was enough to exasperate a saint to see him and 'ear him. About six years ago M'riar got the place to J look after some chambers where gentlemen : lodge in the Adelphi, and as shejgot it rent free, w.'th coals and gas, and the work was easy, I was glad of it, as it saved me a long walk or 'bus ride after I 'ad done work. "Lir," she ses tomeone rnornia' as we was a sitting at breakfast-we always had break fast Lite 'as I adn't to go to busiuess unti ten ; " What a old 'og that ia a3 has the t ip ro»ms, Tarcmis." I sea " Who is he, M'riar I" She aes " I don't know, but I shall soon 'ave to give him a piece of my mind, and let him know that _we are not all black alives and ilesjtesses in this 'ouse." Sut hark, she ses ; " here He come3 down stairs, you .can stSe hint thro' the door which was ajar. I hears a sort of slouching tread whbh seems familiar to me, juat like a nun walkin-' and working a pair of bellendown the stairs, and I looks out, and who do you think I see ? Why I'm blest if it waun't old Slagg ! I. turns laughing to M'riar after ha hid gone by. and ses, " iM'riar, you 'ave caught a Tartar." That's old Slagg, the cantankerous sest old varmint iii the City of London," i and then 1 up3 and tells her all about him. | She wasn't afraid, not she ; she sea as bold as a lion, " He'd batter not come any of hia tricks here, I can tell him." " Now, H'riar," said Mr. Suelgrove in a half apologetic, half confidential tone. " is <.>, very determined little woman, the bj3t of wires," but added he in an uadertme, " a leetle bit firey." I nodded assent and he proceeded. Wall, sir. if you'll believo me, the battles botween them two, was souiethin' extrod'nry* M'riar would not give way. HJ mi^ht swear and swell, and . get aa red °ia tbo' he 'ad appleplexy, M'riar would not give way. After he 'ad uasd ev'ry oath thai man haver 'eard in her abuse, she would shriek up the_stair3 after him as a partin' Bhot, and call "jhim a 'oary'edded old sinne/," which v""'1 +rv, "?ake him that mad, we could hear imrush in and slam tho deoi- ati,Ur Kim ;l3 tho he would bring the house down. Things went on much in this way, until last August, when " old Gruffy Slagg" as M'riar used to call him, took: a ferer, and as M'riar as a kind 'art she nursed hini thro' it. I am sure if that eld reprobate 'ad bin her own brother, she could not have taken more pains over 'im. She would sit up at ni^ht and tend and wait on 'im, till sometimes I used to grumble and say why don't he wet a nurse of 'is own."} " But M'riar would listen to nothin', and so after a bit he got better, and about again. I don't think think he even thanked 'er and as soon as he got Better they went at it again 'amtner and tengs; pretty mucli the saina as before'. Joseph had now left the " Crane," and I was head waiter. Old Slagg came as usual but 'e never seemed quite the same man after hia illness as he was before. I recollect one night in November ; it wa9 wet, the streets were covered with past? mud, and the fog was as yellow as a guinea, I that we had vary few people, ail(J J mis3ed I old olagg for his chop an' pint of port. Good j gracious ses I, is the old man ill ac/ain 1 After we 'ad shut for the night, I goes 'ame and I ses to M'riar, " what'a up with Old Gruffy." She ses What do you nieati, Cummi3, ? I seh " why, he hasn't bin to dinner to-night." M'riar ses, " well he com 'one at hia usu.il time, for I 'eard his oicl hellers goin' up the stairs." Nuthin' more was sed, and a3 I was tired wo went to bed early. The next raornin' wlule I was a settin' at breakfast enioyin' a bloater, which I am very fond of, M'riar conies in and ses, " Tumnis its very strange I can fc^make old Gruffy 'ear. t[ J am not in the 'abit of swearin' Mr. Johnson," said my host, "but when I'eard her say this, and shw er surprised face I pould'nt help saving ?The devil you can't." Well, .we talks the matter over, and I goes up and 'as a turn for ten minutes at old Slasrg'a door, but never a sound do we hear inside. At last M'riar suggests th.1t I shall get on the roof by the ladder from the landin', and 'are a look into is room. . u cailTt?)1 yon' * didn't much like the job as I thought if the old chap saw me'e might have a »Kot at me, as I knew he kep' a revolver. However, nothin' better was to be done, so hup I goes, and gets on the roof makui my way cautiously over the slates for fear of makin a noise or slippin'. I gradually crawls up to the winder, and puts my head forward so that I can peep down. At nr»t, 1 could not see anything, neWiaoq this was from the thumpin'of my Crt or pel haps because the room was dark I don'f know which, but presently I ketohes'sight of the old man, with his harms resting on the tablo, and his ead on top of them. He dzdn t move, and I felt sure from the way he sot somehow that somefhin' was the matter. !so I slips bick and tells M'riar and s.m.lit, , falk, Igoea * f 00m®3 he knocksat the door, and sends for some one to break it open. Well C°Mes and th0 dooris <wened! we find old Slagg a sittin' in a chair as' dead as a door nail; and I think you will a«Sa with me that nuthin' could be dedder Sir x asaent, and he proceeds ; ,'7*- ,tlie doctor comes and ses he's bin dead more n 24 hours, which my wife flathlv contradicts has she can swear, as she did It tne inquest afterwards, that she 'eard the old shut his door. 8 P r ' and °P8nand A lawyer came, and took possession of the SX Upthe ofthedonor:^d nenetvhhnadIt°ife,,,'a)fcth0 in^ denco L T) ^ ?r,ar glv° Iler evi' aomethin' tr> th° smiled and whispered rjt; alia s«, as p.t af cvuld b», » Did you tit! him alive after this, or did you 'ear 'im goin* dewn the stairs afterwards in the momin' ?" " No, I did not, but I 'eard 'im 001x19 'omg at night ?" " Would you be surprised to 'ear. Mrs. Suelgrore, that Mr. 51ajfg narar went to his office on the morning you name, nor was '0 seen alive by anyone after you saw him ?" I looked at M'riar a little bit staggered after this, but she was as positive as hever. The Docfcer was then called, and he stated lie 'ad made a post-mortium examination, and found deceesed died from heart disease, and 'ad bin dead for more'n 24 hour3 ! The lawyer was called, and stated he 'ad known diseased for many years ; 'e was a wealthy st^skbroker, and a most ecentricfc individual. So far he knew 'e 'ad no friends or relatives of any kind ; he had last seen 'im alive in the month of September last, when he 'ad called and executed 'is will, as he believed' immejefcly after his recovery fcotn an illness. This closed the enquiry, and the jury found a verdict of death from natural causes. When I gets 'ome that night I ses te M'riar, as we are a sittin' 'aving a bit cf supper-'' M'riar you must have mistook your 'earing when you thought you 'eard old Slagg come in that night.'' " JTo, she les, I made no mistake ; if that was not old GruSy's footsteps it was 'i3 ghost's." " Well," ses T, " that's a good one," and begins to laugh. Just then we 'ears a gentle tap at the door, and I feels my 'art a beatin' away like winkin'. M'riar war very pale, but she ses, " Tummis, see who is at the door." I ses " there's no one there, my dear." Presently comes another knoek, tins time a little louder, and. I fait I couldn't shirk coin' any longer. So I goes to the door, and jest opens it, when I sees a man stand, in' in the passage in the dark, and T popait too. I hope you won't think me foolish, sir, hut we had bin talkin' about ghosts, and "Gruffy'a" so long that I really thought to old Gruffy's ghost outside. Well, presently the door gently open3, and who do you think walks in? I'm blest if it wasn't old GrnfFs lawyer ! Ses he, " I beg your pardon, Mrs. Suelgrove, for a intrudin' at this lata h >ur, but as I 'aye good news for you, I hope they may be my excuse." M'riar asks 'im in, and 'e sets down. Out 'e pulls a bundle of papers and begins a funiblin' about till he gets the right onej then he coughs and ses, " The dockyment I hold in my 'and i3 the last will and testa ment of my late esteemed friend, Mr. Slagg, and if you will partnit me, I will read a por tion of it which refers to you both," ses 'e, lookin' at me with a kind of smile, and then 'e reads. !< I bequeath" (" I think thats the word 'a . used,") to " Maria Suelgrove, the wife of Thouns Suelgrove (one of the biggest fools who ever lired)"' " Those was the word?, J assure you, Mr; Johnson," said my host seriously. I nodded acquiescence, and he resumed-"the sum of £20,000 free of legacy dufcj', and tor her sole and separate use and benefit as a reward to 'er for 'or kindness in nursing me durin' my illnes3. I reward 'er this liberally, because this was the only kindness I. recollect ever 'avin' received from any one in my life," I turns round to M'riar, and I sees 'er a gasfyin' and white, and I seo3 the lawyer still a looldn' at me with a sort of smile on his face as 'eses, " thats all,'4 Then I jumps up from my chair and goeii acros the room to 'im and aas, " Hook 'ere, it may be tind it may be not, but if £otf comes 'ere frightening M'riar in this way coma outside ! I a'n't .much of a fightiri' man, but come on, and then I begins to square up at 'im and he draws back, when presently M'riar recovers 'ei'self and calls out " Don't be a fool, Tummis " (which I never 'e.ird 'er call me befora), don't you sae the gentleman's iu earnest !" After this we all sefc3 down together, and the lawyer tells us that Mr. Slagg was a "fo'ndlin," and had Din brought up at the Fo'ndlin hospital, and ad no friends or rela tions, and that all 'is property .vith excep tion of M'riar3 legacy 'ad bitl left to the 'ospital. The lawyer soon got our money for us, which I a in told 1*3 uncommon for tham to do, and M'riar 'ad it invested (which she in sisted upon), in her name and mine, in three per cent Counsels, s> now yeu know 'ow it is I am here and how I came into my great good luck." I asked Mr. Su^lgroye if his wife was still as positive she heard Mr. Slagg come home on the night when ha must havo been sitting dead in his chair, and he assured me she was, and that she would profe33 it a3 lon>£ a3 she lived I thanked my neighbour forjhis confidence, and, after congratulating him upon his good fortune, wished him good day. 