[?] After Suimiier's Bain. ON THE MOUNTAINS. ' There is a vale in Ida lovelier Than all the valleys of Ionian lulls. The swimming vapour slopes athwart the glen, Puts forth an arm and creeps from pine to pine, - . And loiters slowlj drawn. . ? ,, . I thought that, indeed, I had found such1 a vale,; at the dawn of a morning after the summer's' *ain. Descending by a rocky track through bash, tha scant growth of a hungry soil — wind-tortured, sun-baked frost-warped, weird, wild, and gnarled, each separate tree appearing to bear in its own body all the soars of St. Stylites, to where the swimming vapours slope to the depths of that dell which is known upon the Blue Mountains as the Merman's Cave. It is nothing like a merman's cave of courae ; about the last place in. the world where you would expect to see A merman bold Sitting alone, ^ Combing his hair ..**' With a comb of gold. But still the name is better than Lucas Gave or Parkas - Retreat or Stuart Den. Never heed the name. la that early morning — The swimming vapour floats athwart the glen, and holds as in an embrace the feathery crowns of the glorious wattles more beautiful than any pinee, Lorda of the valley these wattles, the aristocrats oC the % mountains, for whom one might fancy all those dooc starved wretches of the mountain side9 had toiledani epun and endured the burning heat and the nipping frost, for whose pleasure the brook sang, going on for ever at their feet, and in whose praise the birds piped canticles out on white boughs of the hillsides, where the eun dried their dewdamp* wings. Were ever such wattles seen as thoM of the Merman's Cave— springing straight towards the ekywith 80 feet of branchless stalk, and spreading out on their summits films of foliage plume-like in the shining mist? You eee them from the huge rock sentinel at the gate of the dell, you miss them as you pass by the dirty cave that may have named the place, and look up at the puny marvels of a turpentine grown right up through the clift, and a span of rock above ~ J that claims the name of a natural bridge ; and you ' approach them again through a bed of ferna kaeedeep upon every level epace about the little brook. How rich, the feme in colour and In form ! The tall tuft springing from a loam-filled niche in the crag has a grace oE colour which, could hardly be excelled by the tenderest nursling of the damp bushhouse of the city gardens ; and the carpet beeide the brook ehows every varying shade that can be blent of red and brown and green. Eioh red on broad bright npper leaves, where a few stray sun beams have painted upon the sensitive surface that has unfolded itself, bright brown where a aunny breeze has played, and palest pink and green where the colouring process has been accomplished, in the . denae.uiidergrowth, through which no ray of light ever finds its way. And a little farther down the fronds that nod from their giant trunks as broad and shadowy palms. If it pleaee you to halt by the first great fern and look right aloft through all the varying foliage to the Eky, you shall, if you have eyes, see as infinite a variety of form, colour! and beauty as the eyes of Enoro eaw ever in that vale of Ida, where she made her wail of the faithless Paris. The fern carpet ruddy and ruseet, the fern, tree of that, soft and gracious green which bids weary eyes coma rest, and the turpentine grove so lustrous, luxurious, and brave, shooting upward like a body-guard about the great gum whose glorious height overtops all, and Hka ' topmost Gargsrns' stands tip and takes the sun, that now strikes across the canon's lips. That old gum is all a wondrous white below ; ae a Druid priest he looks 'robed in white, samite, mystic, wonderful,' and wherever sparse leaves dance upon the -hoary branches he spreads eo far above, they are as silver fleoks ; absolutely colourless, as spangles, indeed, against tha deepening blue, Pass on and hark to the twitter of the birds. Listen to the chatter of the brook, that -'now and again tumbles with its freshened vigour over a ledge of rock, and gathers voice for a choral song. Pass on. Descend by an easy track, deeper and deeper, narrower and narrower, with all the foliage darkening about you, accompanied only by a glorious sense of solitude, for you are absolutely alone there ia thSt early morning ; and if any spirit of the dell meet and challenge you, you must stand for your human tight singly a&d; in your own proper person, and abida by the result. Poor spirits of the dell! Little fear of any one of them lingering now, they have been bo rudely disturbed. !''Arry' has left that ugly fetish mark, his carved name, upon tree and rock, as powerful a Ian, surely, against any'spirit of a gentle and loveable sort as spell and pentaeh against the meddling devils who would mar the work of a magician. And Goths of another eort have spoiled, the beauty of, the valley, men who ought to have known better; some surveyors have been there, putting down the line of a road from Blackheath to the coal-bearing spurs ahoot ing down to the Kanimbula valley. They have hacked and hewed thegloriouB palm ferns, and have left them y poor dead or mutilated things, lying by scores aoroaa the blazed line. The corse of the valley rest on those surveyors therefore. There is about a mile of glory in that delL About a mile from the rock-gate where stands the solitary turpentine as sentinel, the brook tumbles down in a broad cascade, then narrows and creeps away beneath a tree trunk whose parent seed must have been set about ': the time the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden (strange— ia it not ?— that no man has thought it possible that other gardens might have been planted west, north, and south in the eame fashion and at tha same time J). The brook creepsaway then, and steals into a copse of black scrub, as one who would hide7 herself, having paraded for a while in court attire and fearing to be encountered in the modest garb of the workaday . „ ' world. It is sot well to follow the little brook farther * ' down. Tarn there, and note as you retraoe your steps the more. intricate beauties, whose proper study might unploy you for a month— the rocks, jealously shaded by overhanging boughs, whereon the lacework of the valley ie shown;; the delicate orchids, the wonderful moseee, the mountain violets, drooping tendrils lika Jairy locks, all tangle and yet all grace. ~ Listen, ileo, if you 'will, to the many diSereat watervoiceB of the one perpetual brook, and pause again at the feet of the great white high-priest, and look upward and strive to he an artist to yourself, as if you. are anything like a complete human creature you may. 'Tie a wearisome climb to the summit, even though the track haa .the coolness of the summer's rain still upon its surface. Upward and upward; Heaven mend us» what poof orettures we are by comnaruon with tf» tfaterepirit, who^aioetiidjj just Oajj .'.j^fi?y_.^i-)|ji^:r^iK becomes flown in rain; or the* old eagle who holds himself aloft theie for a drive at the crimson parrot -who fiaite from the tree-top to the tipe seed on the grass. Only one waratah 19 left. It is scarcely too late fox the waratahs; but the war upon the waratah is be coming bow eo cruel that there is danger of extermina tion. This ehould be looked to, with other matters, by those whp 'govern the mountains. Is there aught more that we may 'look to before setting at the appease ment of appetite, which has grown in the mountain air, ae the 6hoote of verdure beneath the Bummer's rain ? There ie a paddock of grass that looks and smells like England of clover and milch kino. There are flowers ?which make oe regret that we paused to consider those poor lilies of the fielcfabout Sydney. There is one gardea in particular whioh.blazes with colour — blazeais theproper wd perhaps ; it shows upon the dull red breast of the hill ae a rocket breaking in many-coloured flames upon the brow of a moonlessaright. ?Jknd more and more bright memories quicken as the moid of that short, glad time is unfolded — memories that grew upon the infinite tabula of the mini with a speed that mocked the changing face of the earth in the magic hours' of the summer sunshine after the enmmer'e rain ;— of great gorges filled with rolling mists ' like hollows of the jporld -with the oceans— of huge bluffc uplifting faces of defiance to every artist who has gazed upon p them, mocking, as indeed they have a right to mock ; for each man who has yet attempted to paint a breadth of those Blue Moantains has torn his canvas in despair, or given to the world a something which bids for iaoghter or sorrow rather than satisfaction or delight Of one great evening so vivid a picture re mains . that words 'elionld sot be wanting to convey its tfae expression. Walking beneath the trees, the twilight seemed almost to have deepened into the beginning of night. Stars were seen through the bougbe, and away to eastward lightning broke, as the billows of a phosphoreesent sea upon a long rampart of thundercloud. There was so flash, only an oft-repsateil jlow. But, coming out suddenly to a clearing, all the lingering sunlight and that beautiful mystery of pink and violet streamed down across the Kanimbula Valley, and flooded a gorge whose lips are broken by a tocky tongue upon the edge of tha great -.leading epur traversed by the railway. And then and there was marvel and majesty of colour and light of glory and gloom. Treea black as hearse-plumes, trees tenderly tipped with a growth more luxuriant than was ever seen in spring, a mist far down that seemed to mirror the topmost blue, sward whereon the tetairy blossoms ehone, and a breadth of black moxasa upon which a dead tree stood as a gibbet, and, over all, a sky of ten thousand tints ; southward, a bar of clouds ?washed in with indigo and breasted with bronze as with the ghosts of flames ; eastward, the thunderbank, with the lightning glow ever brightening as the night darkens ; and over all the north and east the pearl-gray and the pale orange, the pink and the violets and the stars hanging as silver lamps within some palace of the godp, whoee tapestries screen them from the gaze at humanity. Life gives not many such sights, and the life of the city not one. Its memory dwells with one as the memory of the rose plucked with the morning dew upon it leaves its presentment from memory too much as the poor scentless leaves, dead, half-ooloursd, and dry, which fall from a volume wherein the flower has been pressed and held as a mummy to bring back old memories by the eDggestivenesB of its lifeless bones, F. M. 