THE GAUEFIBLD GUINEAS ■ ' AMD-OTP. ■ Br Auooa.. Mnte NeWSontb sod Remington. ~ 8liao8 jb)iv« m f^toeidri?m hither * jN Wpreaeive v- :rSMllament of PPWevet, fa our "iwofitbythe ft fc aS t ^ - ISk - this three-year-old event of theV.A.T,C. pro mises to be qaite as interesting as any that has preceded it. Sixteen have been left in, amongst them being representatives of Victoria, New SouthWales, and South Australia, so that an intercolonial character is attached to the race. Of these nothing stands ont as much superior to any other, a satisfactory circumstance, because the race cannot be looked upon as a certainty. There is "much of a muchness about the lot left in, and with good reports of a datk one or two being received, the open character of the race is likely to be sustained to the end of the chapter. Memmu, who has hybernated in the salubrious village of Mordialloc by the sea, has improved to the satisfaction of his friends, and belonging, as he does, to such excellent families, especially on the dam's side, his three-year-old career should be much more brilliant than that of his previous year; Rebus, who will probably represent Mr. Mitchell, gave us a taste of her quality at Randwick, where she carried the tricolor of the Tabletop stndmaster to vic tory, and as Bhe was susceptible of some im provement, the Caulfield mile may be just to her liking. A colt that I have a decided fancy for is Rufus, by King of the Ring from Princess Alice, who runs back to the maternal ancestress of the famous mare Shadow, who ran in Mr. George Watson's colours in auld iang syne Sheela is half-sister to Santa Clans, who was such a favourite in his year, but ran nowhere, though he got second to Darebiu in the V.H.O. Derby, and, if kin Paterson is fortu nate enough to land the prize, nobody will begrudge him the victory, because fortune has not smiled upon him of late. Pan is a useful selling plater, and, with a fair dash of speed, he may prove something better when opposed to horses oi his own age. Silver King 1 remember as a very fine colt, too big perhaps to do much with as a two year old, but juat the sort to build up for a three year-old contest Mr. Wilson, therefore, acted wisely in keeping him at home while he was two years old, and, if he has im proved as he should have during the winter,' 1 sliall expect to see a colt of .most com manding appearance. Commotion's half brother Exmiuster, like many others at Flemington, suffers from rheumatism, but as the weather becomes more genial he may throw off the aiiment The luck of his owner is proverbial, and, if .he should suc ceed in appropriating this prize, he will well deserve the title he ha-s received. Good colt though David undoubtedly is, I doubt if he is quite forward enough to shine to advantage so early in the spring, but Chloe has done plenty of oseinl work during the winter, and she is bred the right way to make a racehorse, albeit ber brother Midddlem&rch; has been a terrible failure. Zenith is well enough bred for anything, but, for this contest, 1 doubt if she is quite good enough to uphold the honour of ber family. One of the gamest and -most improving among the colts of the season is Leporello, who occupies a box in the same stable as The Broker. Possessed of a good turn of 8peed, unflinching courage, and an excellent pedigree, I do not see why he should not be capable of winning the Guineas or the Derby either. Morrison will have try ing tackle of a first- class character to test this colt with, and it will not in the least surprise me to see a demonstration made in his iavonr for the Guineas. Gratitude and Helene are the two that will, in all probability, represent South Australia, and the better of the two should certainly run into a place. In the S.A.J.C. Derby Gratitude had no diftichity in disposing of Helene, but the latter may not have been bo forward as Mr. Bladder's flying daughter of Countryman. Tremando is the only one that appears in the Hon. James White's name, lie is undoubtedly a good colt, but, judging from what i saw of him at the late A. J.C. meeting, I shonid say distance is his forte, and expect to see him shine to greater advantage over a longer course. Mr. De Mestre'B colt The Pilot can gallop a bit, Mid if he should stand his preparation the all black of Terrara may once more be dangerous, i i would heip to increase the interest if it were so. In Coir Mr. Smart has a much bigger colt than Coir's near relative Navigator, but he seems to be a long way interior, though it is possible that he may retrieve his character this season. Cairngorm is a useful son of Maribyrnong, bat requires time to mature. Bohemian having been sold, will run in somebody else's name, and it will not surprise me to find that in disposing of this son of Maribyrnong Mr. Smart parted with the best of his youngsters. Mid 1 shall expect to see him figuring pro minently at Caulfield on the 11th of next month, when the Guineas will probably be won hy GRATITUDE or SILVER KING. Of the 70 odd left iu the Caulfield Cup I Lave lately seen a number figuring at Rand wick,.and amongst them Malua, who has 9st 121b. to carry. That he has lost none of his excellence he proved at Randwick, for though defeated by Sir Modred and Off Colour in the Craven Plate and Randwick Plate respec tively, he beat both in the Spring Stakes over the same distance as the Caulfield Cup. .1 doubt, however, if he is equal to the task of conceding so mnch weight to the many below him, and if the Brighton stable is to effect a coup it will he with Maroneyor some other member of the establishment Commo tion I saw a few days ago, and was glad to see the old. champion looking bloom ing, but I doubt it we shall see him athis best until the fall of the year, and even thai be may never return to the form he has exhibited. Now that Roy's disqualification hubeen removed, Welcome Jack may visit Victoria, and should hie prove victorious he will well deserve the honour, ior he has Dst' 41b., no feather weight Martini-Henry sprung a curb a short time ego, and had to be eased in his work, but Mr. Fennelly has been pretty buBy with him lately, though 1 doubt if he can be cherry ripe in time. It be be, he should be as dangeroua qs anything. I hear good accounts ot The Plunger.wboee owner has backed him freely in doubles for the Melbourne Cup, to that be may reserve him for the great event to be run at Fleming ton, leaving Bend Or and Ned o* the .Hills to cany his colours at Caulfield. Noboroe has wintered better than Fryingpan, who^ goes qnite in bis old form, and may run Into a place, but Sir Mod red's penalty of 141b. ought to effectually stop him.. Sweet Wflfiam has. disappointed me so Often that I don't care to stand' him again, bnt if Warwick is himself again, he should carry the brown and rose Into a.prominent position. Aaatwoyear old heufes superior tomostoftbeaameyear,and Iswboretoon why he should hot come back to tiUtlbrm. Chuckster Iff reported wrong, and I doubt If Rlngwod Is good enongb,. Despot Is' another unlucky as well as disappointing animal : Boolka, a brilliant;mUeivtmt ont of. btt dis tance At a mile and a h^lf. Dnrrtinn In 'ffi, improving son of Hugbehaen, but probably , will be seen togreater advantage later in the aeason. Rapid isasmartaon of Rapid Ray. and Anglesey would, perhaps, be dangerous if he were in his best tonn, but a short time ago he met with a Blight accident which necessitated a few days' stoppage in his work, and, short though the retirement was, it may militate against his chance of success. Capri, a game and honest Bon of Yattendon, will be Mr. D. S. Wallace's only representative, and, with less weight tnan Calma had last year, it is just possible that he may carry the magpie jacket to the front. The Andes bears a high reputation in the country, but I doubt if he will maintain it in the metropolis Considering that Colstoun as a three year old waa not much inferior to The Plunger and Fryingpan, he seems to be wonderfully well in at 7st lllb. Mr. J. D. Robertson is no mean judge, and it was he who gave £1,100 for the horse Should he get through his preparation all right, bis owner will probably recoup himself the outlay. I like better, however, _ the Hawkesbury Handicap winner Hastings, who has to put up a 71b. penalty, but never theless I think he is a real clinker over a mile and pi half. Of Sir Garnet great things are expected, if his legs carry him through his preparation, but being under suspicion, it would be just as well to Jet him alone. Britisher has been expected to do something peat, but hitherto has failed. His owner has returned from the old country, and there will be joy in Ballarat if his horse wins. It is jnst upon the cards that Mr. Leek may find Scaramouch a better animal than Colstoun, and, if bo, he may feel no regret at having parted with the eon of King Cole. Ironmaster is somewhat uncertain, but a great galloper when he is in the humour, and if in the proper vein on the 18th of next month he may figure to advantage. On so well-knit a back as his 7sL 91b. will be but a feather. The Ghost is hardly class enough perhaps, but many people regard Salvo as the best of the Hon. James White's three year olds, an opinion that 1 do not coincide with. Maroney is a very smart animal in very smart hands, and some day will more than pay for the ontlay made in his purchase. Claptrap has not been a profitable animal to his owner, but at a mile and a half he should be all there with only 7at 71b. upon his back. Baron von Mueller has performed indifferently of late, but may yet improve, and Conjecture is doing so well in the hands of James Wilson, jun., that her chance looks almost as well as that of anything engaged. Nedo' the Hills Beems to me to be particularly well treated in the matter of weight Below these, down to 7st, I like nothing better than Bend Or, Silver King, and Privateer. If Signor has done nice work during the winter and has improved, he ought to have a look ir. at 6et 131b., ana so should Meteor at 6st 121b., albeit the latter strikes me as one that would prefer it if the race were a quarter of a mile shorter. I should fancy Robert the Devil, too, if his leg would only stand, and so far as out ward appearance goes there is no mote im proved animal than Too Too. Still I fancy that the New South Wales horses will prove triumphant, and I expect the Caulfield Cap to be won by HASTINGS or PRIVATEER. 