THE BUNINYONG OUTRAGE. At the Buninyong Police Court yesterday, Simon O’Neill and Daniel Slater surrendered, for the second time, to their bail on charges of unlawfully assaulting and inflicting actual grievous bodily harm upon one Nathaniel M G rath, on (ho morning cl the 2nd Janu- The magistrates on the bench were Mr J, C. Thomson, P.M, Mayor Greaves, and Messrs A. C. Davies and D. Kefr, J's.P., who took their seats at 10. o’clock, Mr Gaunt appeared fpr the prosecution, Mr Pearson for Slater, aud Me FinUyson (in structed by Messrs Watson and Pearson) for O’Neill. Superintendent Byall and Sub iuepeclor Parkinson watched the case for the Police Department. ' Mr Finlay son took a Blight objection to the wording of the charge. Mr Gaunt said that the proceedings were laid under the 17th section of the Criminal L\w and Practice Statute. It was n charge of misdemeanor, and not . felony. That was it did not go on to say that the act was - com mitted with intent, which they did not wish to imply. During bis long experience of over 30 years he did not think be had been called upon to perform snch a* painful i duty as the one that had fallen 'to his lot and to their worship?. It was felt by"the public to'be a painful duty. He was glad to say that their worships would have to deal with the case ministerially, and it must rest with a higher court to deal with it judicially. One of the defendants was O'Neill, who was thoroughly well known to all—-a man io whom everybody placed implicit confidence, a man of excellent judgment, and in whom the people of. the district placed reliance, O’Neill was sergeant in charge of the police in the dis trict, and was clerk of petty sessions, and a man who boro at all times a grand character— a man upon whom persons were accustomed to rely for advice. When ha (Mr Gaunt) saw the newspapers he thought that it was just as likely that he could have committed an out rage of this description as O’Neill could have done. It was a painful duty that devolved upon him of having to do what was bis duty, to bring the facta clearly before their wor ships as short as be possibly coaid. He then asked that the witnesses might be ordered out of court, so that be could elate the facts.' The witnesses were ordered but, and Mr Gaunt proceeded to detail the circumstances connected with the Affair. Charles W. H. Hardy, a legally qualified practitioner, deposed to the correctness of bis previous depositions. Witness mentioned that in bis previous testimony he bad -omitted to mention that M'Qrath was dazed, confused, and suffered from slight concussion of the brain. That was at the first examination. To Mr Gaunt—He bad to put lo a hairlip pin and some stitches in the back of the head. He was vomiting. Probed the wound at the back of the head. The wound was an inch long, and reached down to the bone covering of the pericranium. The skin seemed to have been pulled downwards, but the cut was across the bead. The depth was not great. The back wound might have been caused by a severe fall, A blow from a fist as n man was falling might cause a similar wound. Found some dirt in the wound. Attended Constable Slater about midday on the following day. He j had a blow on the back of the head. The wound was ft superficial one. There was} a wound over the back of the hand extending towards the wrist. It was half an inch across and an inch in length. Did. not remember that Slater bad made any statement to him regarding how he had received the wound?. To Mr Finlayson—lt was his opinion that from the direction of the wound and the dirt found to it that it bad resulted from the fall. The dirt might have been rubbed in. Got an account from Field as to where M'Grath was fonnd. He was described as lying in the gutter with his right eyebrow lying on the angle of the kerbstone. Thought that the j wound on the back of' the bead was given 1 first. la that case M’Grath mast have gob up, ; and fallen again or been knocked down. Every 1 severe blow on the head must produce concus sion of the brain. Did not anticipate danger 1 from (he concussion Itself. From the vomiting he judged that the man bad bad a great quantity of drink. Drink would cause vomit ing if it bad been taken. In this cue bo ' thought vomiting bad been caused by the in- I juries received. To Mr Pearson—The nature of the wound on I Slater’s head was superficial and lacerated, | hardly likely to be caused by a fall. A sharp pointed instrument, like a pointed stone, might have done it. A boot would not do it. If a man fell on the back of bis head a stone might cut it. A violent fall would have had a more serious effect. The wound was clean when witness saw it. It might have bled copiously wbeu xt'Hicted. When he first saw M’Grath be could not tell for a few days how the injuries might result. To Mr Gaunt—M'Qrath was not strong yet. The dirt in the back of the wound might have been received when the man fell through a blow. The wound on Slater's bead might have been caused by falling on .a jagged stone. He attributed the concussion to tba wounds on tbe beck of the bead. Dr Kadcliffe deposed to tbe correctness of bis depositions taken on a previous day. To Mr Finlayson—Had heard Dr Hardy’s j evidence. His (witness) evidence as to tbe | wounds agreed with {Dr Hardy’s. Taking the | history of tbe case he thought that the natural ' deduction was, from finding dirt in tbe wound, that tbe man bad fallen on the ground. Had seen many men in a worse condition from i I pugilistic encounters. To Mr Pearson—M’Oralh’a wounds might i ! have been caused in an encounter of tbe ' sort. Nathaniel M'Grnlh deposed—l am a car* penter residing in Buninyong. I remember the night of New Year’s Day. I was present as n fireman at ft fire on that day. The fire occurred about 8 o’clock in tbe afternoon. It continued to 'smoulder, “and a watch was set. : Was at the Crown hotel at 11 o’clock on that I evening. I was in the bar, and saw both de fendants there. O’Neill was iu the b*r, and | Slater was in tbe passage leading from Warren i beip street. O’Neill and I bad some I words, merely arguing about tbe fire, and also bad reference to tbe fire at Watson’s. I was none tba worse for drink, but bad n drink or two. Did not see any ap pearance of drink npon O’Neill. I accused O'Neill of having said that if there was a fire at bis place, and tbe brigade broke in, be would shoot them. Had merely an argument. O’Nriil left the bar. I was standing against the end of tbe partition, against the billiard table. O'Neill was in plain clothes. After he left tbe bar Slater came in. I could not say whether be bad Mb riding-pants on, but be bad his helmet. -He ant on tbo end of tba billiard table. I bad some words with him. Slater took O’Neill's part. I could not say which one used the word “lie." SUter then jumped off the bil liard table, and struck me on the face with his fist. Tbe blow, which knocked me down, came unawares. He got on top of me when I fell and struck me three or four times. I was on my back, and could not strike back. I only noticed Mr Helterboff iu tbe bar. Slater went away, leaving mo lying tbere for a minute. I could not say whether Slater was taken away. When I got up I wr.s bleeding from the nose. I then left tbe Crown hotel by the bar door, and went to tbe Buninyong hotel, on tbe eppo site side of the street. I bad a glass of brandy tbere. I left there alone. I went towards borne, past tbe Crown hotel. I live on tbe right-hand side of the street. It was about 12 30 o'clock. On passing the Crown hotel I beard voices in tbe diningroom of tbe Crown hotel. That room looks into tbe yard, and a door opens from tbere. I turned into the yard, as I beard the voices in tbe. room* I knew' tbe voices as O'Neill and Slater. I could not say whether ’ tbe door or window were open. I went to the window, made some remark, but I don’t remember what it wav. I then left to go borne, going into the street,' still pursuing my way on tbe left band side, keeping on tbe footpath. I had gone about 60 yards, wben Stater overtook me on tbe road, I heard him coming and turned round. He did not rpsak to mr. He made a I rush at me. He and I got into “ holds" 1 facing each other. There were no blows struck then, W« were grappling # for a few minutes, when I felt a blow on tbe back of the head. I would nut swear who delivered tbe blow. It could not have been Slater. Tbe blow must have been with a stick or some blunt instru ment. Wfcen X saw O’Neill previously on that night he bad a walking stick. When I received this blow I fell down but did not get j up again. I did not become unconscious from that blow, not for a few minuter. I got kicked and beaten by Slater and O’Neill. I then saw O’Neill tbere ; I then lost consciousness. The next thing I remember was my son James and Field carrying me borne. 1 have been ill ever since from the effects of the injuries.. I have been attended by Drs Hardy and lUdcliffe. I can’t remember calling out. Previous to re ceiving tbe blow from, SUter in tbe. bar I had no Injuries. The Injuries mentioned by the doctors I received on tbo footpath xa Warrenheip street. I bad my anl i form Jacket, on (produced).on-,the night.in I question. It was not torn and.'stained with blood when I was going down-with'the''foot path, I knew-O'NeiU .and Slater perfectly well.' Tiiere was no ill feeling between us. £ bad no drinks with them on thaday. • ■ Cross-examined by Mr Fi‘n!ay«on-“X was not aobor, nor yet the worse of drink. I am an Irishman. I was quite steady on my pin*. 1 was comparatively sober. I did not use bad language in the bar. I did not speak of O’Neill as “b " to anyone la the presence and beating of a number of persons. 1 do not remember making use of that expres sion; I will not swear it. I was sober enough. Slater did not say—at least, X do not remem ber—that he would not allow anyone to speak of O’Neill in that manner. I retained con sciousness when X was down in the bar. 1 could not see anyone take Slater away. There was nothing to prevent me bearing O'Neill if he spoke in the bar. If several persons came in the bar and swore they saw-O'Neill, I could not account for it. At the Buninyong hotel I met a young man ' named Howard and a young man from Ballarat. I don't remember saying anything about Slater. I woe not generally in the habit of going there for a drink. I did not know that Slater lived there. . I did not go to the Bunioyong hotel to ask for Slater. - I could not remember asking for Slater. On the road home X did not go with the young man from Ballarat to the door of the Eagle hotel. I am quite sure of that. X did not go further than the Crown hotel. Passing down the street, I heard voices in the diningroom of the Crown hotel. My reason for going into the yard was because X heard voice?. X did not want to get a drink. I did not knock at tho door or window. X did not knock at all. I made some remark but X don't remember what it was. I could not say whether my remark was intended fur O'Neill and Slater. Icould not remember saying to the sergeant, “You can bring a double shotted gun~if you like and be dammed to you." I walked pretty quick from the window down the street. The person who followed me ran after me. I am sure that person was Slater. It might . have been three or four minutes before any other- person came up. X do not think I bit Slater, as X got ** bolds" with him, neither could strike. I cannot account for the cut on the back of Slater's bead; perhaps O'Neill gave it. Slater might have got the blow when he fell on the top of me. I must have fallen on my faep. 1 cannot account for the wounds on’Slater's knuckles. I believe the wound on my fore head was caused by a kick. When Slater came up my face was towards the Crown hotel. I don't remember which way I fell. X believe I sung out * ( Murder,” or something of that sort, loud enough for people to bear. Cross-examined by Mr Pearson—l was a strong man before the occurrence. 1 was not ; in constant work. I have been in.a few scrapes , now and then. I did cot fancy myself as a “ Slogger.” . After I left the Crown hotel I do not remember meeting. Peyroux, Anderson, and Charlie Howard. I do not remem ber asking them to go to the Bunin yong hotel with me to look for Slater. After leaving the Buninyong hotel I came straight to the Crown hotel. 1 left a Ballarat minstrel at .the Buninyong hotel, but did not go down to the Eaglp hotel to, see a minstrel party eff to Ballarat. The gateaat the Crown hotel were wide open. I walked smartly away from there. When I got to the gates I did not close them. I did not swing the gates b*ck to strike anyone advancing. I pulled up as soon as I‘was conscious of being pursued. Slater was three yards from me when I turned round. I did not know that Slater might have' come to arrest me for drunkenness or being illegally on the premises. I put my bands up in a fighting attitude to protect* my self after what had occurred .in the bar. I would not deny that if we bad met I would try to give him as much as be gave me. I might have gone to (be Baolnyoug hotel to look for Slater.' There was a lamp burning in Warrenbeip street. It was a dark night. To Mr Gaunt—Had had some drink that night. I was a little excited through being knocked down. Although it is said that bad language was used in the bar, a public place, no attempt was made by Slater to arrest me. There was no attempt made to arrest me in street, nor baa any charge been preferred against me. Ann Helterhoff, wife of August. Helterhoff, licensee of the Crown hotel, Buninyoog, deposed than she was attending the bar on New Year's night. At 11 o'clock 1 eaw M'Grath, O’Neill, Slater, Bradshaw, Turner, and others. They were disputing about the fire. Words took place between M'Grath and Sinter about tbe fire. After O’Neill had gone out M'Grath was running O’Neill down. After the words were passed Slater knocked M'Grath down. Slater, was on tbe top of M'Grath. Sergeant O'Neill came in and said, ‘‘Comp, come, X don't allow that,” dragged Slater off and threw him on his back. Slater got up and with O’Neill went into the diningroom. X then went out of the bar. I afterwards saw M’Grath, who was bleeding from the mouth and nose. At 5 minutes to 12 I eaw M’Grath in the bar. M’Grath was not drunk. X did not see him get any more drink. About 12 30 or even later I was in the diningroom, where I saw O’Neill, Slater, Hedrick, Bradshaw, Hale, and M'Donald. Slater was then in his ordinary state. Shortly afterwards I saw Slater whose hand was bleeding greatly. - He was pale as death like a ghost, and his head was bleeding. Slater could not speak. X said to M’Donald, 41 X think Mr Slater has been stabbed.” Slater put his arm round M’Donald’a neck. A door opens from tbe diningroom into the stableyard, and persons could get out and return that way to tbe street without going through tbe principal entrance. When Slater and O’Neill left to go home they went out by the private door in Learmonth street. It was about 1.30 o'clock. Cross-examined by Mr Fiulayson—When M Grath was lying on the floor he was face downwards, and could cot see O'Neill come in. O'Neill said to Slater, ” Come, come, you should have taken other means.” Slater was. standing up in the dining-room, supported by M'Donald. M'Donald asked Slater what had happened, but he could not speak. O'Neill was in bis usual state. Cross-examined by Mr Pearson—The words used by M’Gratb in the bar were very offen sive to Slater, who said he would not have O'Neill run down behind his back. Mr Thomson, P.M., here said that the wit ness bad given her evidence intelligently and well. August Helterhoff deposed that he was licensee of the Crown hotel. He said—l re member New Year's night. I heard words he tween M'Grath and Slater, the latter calling M'Grath a “publtcbouse loafer.” M'Grath said, ‘‘Youare nothing else butab— Slater* struck M'Grath, who was leaning against a pillar, and- bleeding from the nose. M'Grath was sober. 1 cannot remember seeing Slater and O'Neill after that. I re member M'Gratb, sen. ome to the kitchen door, and I went out to him. I could not eay where O'Neill and Slater were at the time. I don't think I told Senior-constable Thompson anything about ibis matter. Alexander M'Donald deposed that he was proprietor of tbe Crown hotel, and on New Year's night Hedrick and myself .were in the diningroom. O’Neill o&me;~in, and then there was a crash. O’Neill went out directly and brought Slater into the diningroom. O’Neill said to SUter . that he bad. po business to uVe hands/ Slater'excused himself; Hate and Bradshaw then came in. They were talking about M/Qrath, who O'Neill.said must.have a down on him because of Watson's fire. I beard some voice outside the door. Slater turned the handle and ran out. Hale, Hedrick, O'Neill, Bradshaw,- and myself were in tho room. We heard a" cry; Hale said It was like ** Murder.” Halts, Bradshaw, and Hedrick went out of tbe diningroom and walked ioto the house. O’Neill said there was a row. and walked, 1 think,. into the yard. Then I saw O'Neill bringing Slater up tbe steps to the diningroom from the yard. Slater looked as white an a sheet of paper, and fainting. O'Neill said that he wondered Slater was not killed. 1 put Slater on a chair. 1 asked him what bad occurred. He said, "In going down the back of the stable M'Grath turned, and SUter hit him in the face. M'Grath fell, and Slater fell/aUhougb lie could not say how' be cAibe to fall himself.” £ took them to the private door, that U, Hde, Slate,'and O’Neill, to let them out in Lear month street. Then there came a rap for (be doctor, when O’Neill said “There must be something wrong, wait till I see the doctor,” O’Neill and Slater remained there for 20. minutes, and subsequently Helterhoff opened tbe door and let them out intp Learmootb street. It could hove been about 1 o'clocx. I said to Helterhcff, ” Yvu're wrong in letting them out.” I heard persons walking about on. the gravel. I heard people speaking to them on the other side of the road. Cross-examined, by Mr Fiolayson—Hedrick sent for O'Neill to the diningroom. The two were discussing about the fire.- After Slater and O'Neill came into the room/ it was only a ; few minutes until tbe voice outside was beard. When Slater went out I could hear runnings as if itr were two persons, O'Neill mad Hedrick were then standing together talking. Slater went out, and in two or three minutes there ,was a cry of distress/ Then O’Neill 'went.. qnli I saw .him return in about a minute or a tuhmte aud a batf. I don't .think O'Neill could hate gone'further than the gata." He went out calmly. He waa not breathing bard. O’Neill had Slater round the waist, and Slater put his arch.round my neck to get to the chair. Did not .notice If O’Neill had a stick. O’Neill remarked to t{ie effect that it was u wonder Slater was not killed. Blood was dropping freely. Cross-examined by Mr Pearson—We all -thought that Slater had a good thrashing as if he had been In a pugilistic encounter. Up stairs Slater said to O'Neill that be gave M'Grath a good pummelling with his foie. George A. Hale, shire secretary of Bunin ycng deposed that on New Year’s night O’Neil brought Slater into the dining room. At that time I noticed that Slater’s hand was slightly scratched, with blood upon it. Mrs Helterhoff asked us to go at 12 o'clock. In 10 or 12 minutes afterwards two knocks came to the door. Slater went to the door and asked.,/* Who’s there ? * . A, voice from near the window- said that ,Jhe servant could bring a double-shotted gun if ho liked. I think it was M'Grath’e voice. Slater then opened the door and went out. Shortly 10 minutes, I heard tho cry of “I’m mur dered,’* or “Your murdering me.” O’Neill said that Slater had got into a row, opened the door and went out. He could ecarcely have reached the gate before he returned. The door was then opened, and O'Neill's arm was supporting Slater. JCt was at least 10 minutes or 15 minutes before we could get any statement from him. He stated that half way to the Free Library M’Grath had turned round suddenly. He said • M'Grath had struck him a violent , blow on the ebsst. He returned the blow fair in tho eyre on M’Grath. .He was then knocked down by M’Grath pn the kerbtug, which accounted for two lacerated wounds on bis head. For the moment he was quite stunned.. He got up and rolled into M'Grath and found tho latter was-a cur who had received a good lick ing which he would not forget for a day or two. That would be about 12.80 or. more. I am not quite cer tain whether they had that conversation or not in the diningroom. I think M'Dunald let them out by the door. I saw them followed by two person?, and a voice like that of the elder M'Grath, who said, “ the police have murdered my aon.” Cross- examined by Mr Finlayson—He could not -say whether .betweeu the time of the knock and the time of going out the constable could have caught up to M'Grath at the gate. From the time Slater went out till tho time I left, O'Neill never went out of my sight. O'Neill must have met Slater by the gate, judging by the time of hia return. To Mr Thomson—;! was on the watch. Further cross examined—l am positive (hat O’Neill did not go out till the cries of murder were heard. Croas-examined by MrPearson—Hia (Sinter*?) band was more injured upon.his return after the encounter. To Mr Gaunt—Absolutely lost sight of Slater and O’Neill,: The night was dark. Lydia Wyatt, wife of the licensee of the. Eagle hotel, ehe was sitlingt'in the. parlour a little after 1 'o'clock on NewAYear/ar mgbt, Mrs Jordan was with me. I heard groans ' and moans, very loud, proceeding from the street. The parlour is at the back of the house. I got up and went to the bar-window and saw three men opposite, as if all three were moving about, as if there was a row. The night was not very dark. I am quite sure there were three men. Mrs Jordan did out accompany me to the bar. I then came to the side parlour, opened the door, was joined by Mrs- Jordan, and we went outside. I went on the footpath. There were three men there—one lying down and two standing up. He war lying-6u the other side of the road. One of the men was tall, the other short. I bailed them first, and asked, “ What is the matter with tho man; what hare you been doing ?” They'made ho reply. They walked together to the Crown hotel gate, where they turned in. I put my hand on the shoulder of the man, and I felt my band wet, 1 wont to get a light,, and saw Joseph Field on my return, who asked what was the matter. M'Grath said to me, '*l know them; I know them both. M'Grath was taken home by bis son, and Field and 1 went home. Crose-examioed by Mr Finlayeon—Mrs Jor dan is a boarder of mine. I bad been sitting In the back parlor for an hour before the groans were heard. I was not drinking during that hour, neither was Mrs Jordan. By groans and moans I mean that the man wae crying out in pain. When I looked out of the window I could not say whether the three were stand ing up. When I went to the door I saw the three men, and then, after I asked whafe was the matter, they walked at ordinary pace to the Crown yard. To Mr Gaunt—l am quite clear whpn I opened the door that there were three men, and that two of the men walked up to the gates. Louisa Jordan, a widow, storekeeper, de posed that she boarded at Mrs Wyatt’s. The fire in the neighbourhood was the cause of them sitting up late, as the flames bad caught the roof of the Eagle hotel. This witness gayo corroborative teatimouy to the other wit ness. In cross- examination her evidence was not shaken. Alice Parsons, a widow, caretaker of the Public Library, deposed—That she was in bed 1 o’clock on New. Year’s night. She heard groans and noises, as if of bldws. and roused Mrs Field. She dressed and went up the foot path till she saw M’Grath, who was being raised up. She heard M'Grath exclaim ** O’Neill and Slater done it.” . Cross-examined by Mr Finlayson—M?Qrath mentioned these names ta answer to his sou. This was on the road home; Field* was there. Joseph Field, cabdrlver, living In Bunin yong, deposed that he was called by Mrs Parsons on The morning in question .about 12.45 o'clock. Ban out. Heard cries and groans. The direction was near tbe stable. Ran up; saw a' man in tbe channel, Mrs Wyatt and Mrs Jordan standing a little way off. Mrs Wyatt said, “Two men ran into tbe Crown yard.” (Objection was taken to this part.) M'Qrath’a face was swollen up and covered with blood. *. Said to him, “ Who done it!” He said, ; “Two men,” ‘and ; -“I know.” Further pressed him, and he said, “O’Neill and Slater,” Witness esid, “Im possible." David M'Grath, cabdriver, deposed that he did not live with bis father* On tbe night in question he heard Slater speaking in the par* lour in Learmonth street, Was in company with his grandfather at the hotsi. It was be tween 2.30 o'clock and 3 o'clock In tbe morn ing when O'Neill and Slater came out by tbe parlour door. Ran after them, calling to my grandfather “ Here they are 1” O’Neill and Slater stood, and witness said, *' You are a fine pair of articles to keep* peace, ,to go to murder a man like this.” Witness said, “ Why didn't you take him home after leaving him io the gutter I” O’Neill .aoid, “Iknow nolbing about it; I Uavn't seen him.” .1 cannot re member what .Slater said. O'Neill said to Slater, " Come on home,." They went in the direction of home.' Witness bad always been on friendly terms with them. Crose-eißtnined by Mr Finlayson—Did not wait at the Crown hotel with the intention of assaulting O'Neill and Slater. "May have threatened them.. Was not positive then that they bad assaulted his father. James M'Grath, father of Nathaniel M'Grath, said that in consequence of baying heard from his son he went with Ms grandson to the Crown hotel. Witness detailed, how he acquired for the.policemen. He was pot admrted. This was about 1.30 o'clock. About 30 minutes afterwards saw O'Neill and Slater, and sang out. “You're a cowardly pair of men leaving a man lying in the gutter after having killed him.” Thomas Parkinson, Sab inspector of Police, stationed at Bdlarat/.depoaed—ln consequence of what l-beard I came to Cuninyong about 11 o'clock. - I. saw . the place of the occurrence. Found on tbe kerbstone a clot of blood 16 inches.by.nine; a clot of blood on a pitcher in the channel. 16 by six; and several smaller clots in* the immediate vicinity. I saw Cun* stable Slater on that day at the station. Ho was then in plain-clothes. His : hand was flesh-bandaged, which lie accounted for by saying Jhat' ho hadf gofc n 'it cut by- a. piece of Iron at ’He wore a light coat and vest, on which I noticed blood, I ordered him to remove tbe coat and vest, which I took possession of/ Slater said that he wore his uniform jumper. The duty entered on the occurrence-book on the Ist January was Ssrgeant O’Neill—in charge of station, duty as C PS, 7 ft.m. to .12 p.m. S'ater’a entry—Stable duty, mounted patrol for races, 11 a m. to either-6 or 4 p.m.; duty at fire, 4 to 7; footpath patrol, 8 to 12 p.m. There was no entry of any such occurrence as that investigated to day. .O'Neill bad been in the force for 26 years and had always borne an excellent character. John Thompson, senior-constable of police; stationed at Buninyongj deposed that he bad relieved Sergeant O'Neill Occupied Slater's; room, where he found a pair of riding pants (produced) covered with blood. Had made a sketch of the neighbourhood of tbe occurrence (produced). r Gross examined by Mr Finlayson—The tele graph-book block showed that on the 2nd lost* O'Neill had sent a telegram to thesuperinten dent of polioe.askiDg bin to Investigate a charge of assault against Slalerby M'Grath. To Mr Gaunt-—I did not take charge'of the etatlontill 8 o'clock at night. . . Sub inapector Parkinson,. re-called, deposed —Ob the morning of the 2nd.when measuring the clots of blood, O'Neill came up and I asked him why he had pot reported the matter. He said he was preparing to telegraph a report. Mr Gaunt intimated that this evidence closed the case for the prosecution. Mr Finlayson asked the magistrates to dis charge O’Neill* Although his learned friend, in opening the case, bad said the bench had only to deal with the matter ministerially, yet he ('he speaker), in bis opinion, thought that the ministerial duty was as important as that a jury has to discharge. A reflection'has been cast upon him that he has done such acts as would compel their worships to send him to a jury. That was a most important ques tion. Practically, a stigma would remain on Q'Neill forever if he went before a jury and even was discharged. - He asked the magis trates to be careful of sending r man to trial Upon such evidence as'would not convict him before a jury. There was no evidence against O’Nrill whatever that was real. There was nothing except the statement of M'Grath,* against which there was the evidence of* reli able, respectable men, which would altogether overthrow tbe statements of M’Qratb, Mr Finlayson then entered into detail, in the con* elusion of liis address stating that there was not a shadow of corroborative evidence against hia client, Mr Pearson, in the defence of Slator, said that this case, owing to flaming newspaper paragraph?, had assumed a proportion that was absurd. If the man had been a private citizen he would have been fined £5 for assault. There was a little excitement in the place, and the' case seems to have been grossly exag gerated. He asked tbe magistrates to leave aside the fact of the mao being a constable, so that the bench might not punish him twice on that account, as tbe Police Department would no doubt deal with him for dereliction of duty, if any, nod therefore he (tbe speaker) asked that the case might be dealt with against tbe man and not the constable. The next con* slderation was tbe evidence given by M'Grath, who had by his own showing been in scrapes b fore. Mr Pearson then proceeded to show that the scuffi* in the bar was sufficient to throw light upon the subsequent occurrence, very.much in. tbe interests of his client. In conclusion he' argued that the case lay in a nutshell, and therefore he asked that the charge against Slater might be reduced to one of common assault, to be dealt with by tbe bench. Mr .Gaunt said that U was not in the power of the prosecution ,to alter the mode of the proceeding?. Tbe bench retired to consider their verdict at* 5.10 o'clock, and returned In 15 or 20 minuter. Mr Thomson, P.M., said:— ■ “Wo have no choice but to commit both parties for trial. . There is conflicting evidence, •but we are not here to determine who is speak-, log . the truth or not. Simon O'Neill and Daniel Slater are committed to take their trial at the next Court of Assize, to be held on the 18th February.” r ' i. Bail was allowed to defendants in their own recognisances of'£loo‘each and two sureties of £5O each. 