TIE WA Y OF THE WORLlD. There sate a crow on a' lofty treo o, Watching.the world go by.. Heosaw a throng that swept along :With laughter loud and high. "In and out through the motley rout" , .Pale.ghosts stole on unseen. Their..hcarts were longing for one sweet word Of tihe love tliat once liad been; But never alip there spoke their names, Never a tear was shed. . The.crowlooked down from his lofty tree ; .'.Tis the way of the world," ho'said. A sihger stood in thel market-place, " SSinging'atender lay; Bit no one hlieededl his sorrowful face, No one had tiio .td stay. He turned away; lie sangno more.; SHow could he sing in vain.? iAnd then the world came to his door.. Bidding him sing again; '. But he reeked notwhliether they came or Swent, Hoe in his garret dead. The crow looked dowin from his lofty trod; "'Tis the vway of 'the iorld," hle said.' There sates a Queen by a ciottage bed,: . Spoke to the widow there:' . . . Did she not know the same hard bl6o, ; . The peasant had to boar? : .' .. :.: And she 'kissed that. humble peashant's ; brow, And then she bent her knee; "God:of the .widow, help her.niow, ; -As Thounhast helped me.' SNow God be thanked,', said the old, old c . . crow, As he sped from his lofty bough; 'The times.are ill, bht there's mnch good still " In the way of the worldI trow. F . E. WEATHILEY. :. Thei faeO?oid~ Watty Morrisoni, as he wao coinionly called, was entreating the com manifiding officer of a regiment ait"Fort; George to pardon a lpoor fellow sent to the halberds. Th officer granted his petition on conidition' that MIr. Morrison sihould give his coinseitt t he' fita fiavour he asked, whici' was' to perform tho ce'remony of baptism for a yoiung piuppy.' .A merry party, of'gentlemen were invited to the christening . Mr. Moirrison desired MIajor to ?old 'up the dog. "AsIam a minister of.tho. Kirk of..Scotland," said Mr. M.,- " I must proceed ' accordingly." fMajor-,said he asked iso more. "Well, thenMkajor,I begin with the usualquestion \- Yoiu ackolaego yourself the father of this puppy ?, Thoi Major understood the joke, .andthrew away the animal Thus dilld Mr; Mori;son turnl the' laugh againist tli6 e nsnearewlio 'intended'to dederid . seicred ordlinanc~i: 'i iL . . . . . . . . . . ;. ?; ? i : , 