SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. By Bayabd. Those who relish an occasional exhibition by a pair of parliamentary gladiators—not too unevenly matched—would have been re warded by a visit to the Legislative Council last Thursday, when Mr. Piddington, who never forgets, or allows others to forget, that he was once Colonial Treasurer, lifted up his voice in disparagement of the financial mis management of the Treasury and the ex travagant expenditure of the Government generally. There is a peculiar metallic stridency in Mr. Piddington's voice, and an entire absence of inflexion or cadence, which of themselves are always sufficient to irritate any human being within range of it, but to these natural gifts he adds an acquired aggressiveness of manner and an intellectual obliquity so aggravating to his hearers that they inevitably acquire a strong bias against conclusions which are arrived at in such an unpleasant way. As a rule, the Attorney General listens heroically to the declamations of Mr. Piddington, and nearly always succeeds in suppressing everything like an uncompli mentary grimace or ejaculation. But, in wardly, his anguish must be great On Thursday evening he liberated his soul rather copiously, the provocation being great The usual monthly Supply Bill —an indispensable and, under the cir cumstances, altogether unobjectionable measure—had come up from the Assembly, and Mr. Piddington made it the stalking horse nnder cover of which he poured a broadside of financial invective into the Qovernment Mr. Dalley replied in a speech of scalding irony, which, if Mr. Piddington properly appreciated, he ought at once to take the 6ting out of, by exchanging his seat in the Council for the first vacancy in the Assembly, which is the proper chamber for effective financial criticism; and as, according to Mr. Pidding ton and Mr. Alexander Campbell — both authorities on the subiect—all the financial ability of the country is now congested in the Council, and conspicuous in the Assembly only by its total absence, it would Beem to follow that the most pronounced of the Treasurer's critics in the Conncil ought to go where his criticism is most wanted. As things stand, it is almost an outrage on humanity tnat every monthly supply bill "r. PidauiK means a general attack by Mr. Piddington, on the policy of the Government the state of the London account, the system of book keeping at the Treasury, the excess of expenditure over income, or some other of his interminable, irreme diable grievances. Every such occasion for an onslaught means for Mr. Dalley, who con fesses that neither his tastes nor his studies are in financial matters, a renewed agonising and hopeless effort to convince Mr. Pid dington. Well, indeed, might Mr. Dalley exclaim on the occurrence of any of these monetary seizures— " Intandcuu, Piddingtone, Jubes renorare dolorem." And the worst of it is that yon might as well crack a joke to Rhadamanthus as to Mr. Piddington, for he is utterly out of the pale of humour. Irony falls flat and utterly abortive when dropped on him. All rhetorical weapons he defies, unless, perhaps, that which Sir John Robertson often employs with much effect in the Assembly, that loud and de risive Ha ! Ha!! Ha !!! ejaculated as often as possible while the victim is on his legs orating, and the ejaculator is lying contemptuous and half asleep on the broad of his back. If the Attorney-General could be induced to try the experiment, and take refuge in the artifice of an old colleague, it is quite on the cards that it would be as effec tive on Mr. Piddington's perturbed spirit as the sound of cock-crow was on the ghost of Hamlet's father. Mr. John Stewart was not satisfied with the distinction, political and oratorical, which he has gained by his anti-annexation, anti federation resolutions (the debate on which has been again postponed for a week). Last week he indulged his peculiar genius by a tilt at the Primate. The bishop, in his inno cence and singleness of purpose, had written a short and perfectly inoffen sive letter to the Herald, in which he corrected and re-expressed a former state ment, in these words" I simply expressed my hope that the Roman Catholic authorities wonld see fit to take some cognisance of the Roman Catholic children—above 24,000 in all —whom the official returns show to be on the rolls of the public schools, and added, that the conference recently held desired in no way to interfere with their children, bnt would welcome any action of the Roman Catholic authorities on their behalf." There seems very little of the red rag in this short explanation of the bishop of what be had said on a former occasion, to provoke the most sensitive of secularists. Bnt to Mr. Stewart it was a very red rag indeed, and, therefore, he put his lance in rest, and at the bishop he drove foil tilt on Thursday afternoon. The time was a quarter to 5—the Scene the Legislative Council—the occasion^ of coarse, the spirit of the absent Henry bad descended on him, discharged himself of the sacred rage which he had been secreting for several cruel hours. " Why should the bishop call attention (he asked) to the Roman Catholic children in the public schools except for the purpose of stirring up the Roman Catholic authorities to some action for the purpose of taking the children from the schools, or uniting with them to move the authorities to alter the lawf The Roman Catholic authori ties had been the deadliest enemies of pri mary education that this colony had ever known. For upwards of 40 years they had been opposing every attempt to Improve the primary education of children, and for a number of years, if not" for the whole time, the authorities of the Church of England had been siding with the Roman Catnotic authorities, or aiding them. , , We were not going to be governed by Dr. Barry. There were numbers of people who thought there was no necessity at all for a bishop, and if bishops come herethey ought to come under some sort of bond that they would behave themselves while they were here. .He was perfectly sure that if the people of the colony were again appealed to, they would strike out every word that sanc tioned religion or religions teaching in the at&teschools.;" Having relieved himself by such sentiments as these, and many others tiB°eeat witlTltbe soothing consciousness of bavins aroused th colony of New South Wales to a sense of.it duty, and more than surpassed m vigilance those featheredcacklers which once prcsenea the Roman Capitol and have since become the model for so many anfeathered cacklers,desti tute, alas! of their unerring instinct. Ui course, the Council derided this too vigilant sentry ot the Public Schools Act, and gave him a wel - deserved all-round snubbing, for disturbing them with such idiotic alarums. It is well that his fellow-members clapped an extinguisher on such exhibitions, for if this attempt to create a little religious panic had been success ful, our neighbours would have certainly pro claimed our Parliament to be infected with a new kind of contagious rabies, and prohibited the introduction of any of its members into other colonies under the strictest rigour ot their Quarantine Laws. The Assembly, as if by way of asserting its superiority to the Council as a serious work shop, stuck resolutely to the Land Bill, and that momentous measure lias now reached the satisfactory stage of being all but ready for its third reading. It may be said to'nave quite done with its committee, and X should 6ay that the committee will be glad when they have quite done with it, and will then confess a Bensation of relief when it goes up to the Council, with the customary mes sage inviting approval, &c.;, such as never before soothed a body of lawmakers. As to Mr. Farnell, who by dint of excellent judg ment and perfect good temper, not unac companied by most masterly parliamentary tactics, has succeeded in passing the bill through the Assembly almost without a scratch, everybody has a word of praise for him. He deserves an ovation. Sydney people have long been in the habit of boasting that their fish supply left that of every other Australian metropolis a long way in the background. By way of reproving us i for so foolish a boast a little vessel, the Rachel Thompson—whether ketch, yawl, or schooner I am not nautical enough to state, bnt I am told she is only of some 16 tons burden—has quite recently arrived here from Tasmania witn a cargo of live trumpeters and other fish of the straits in her wells. Her j very enterprising owners were able to dispose of their fish at excellent prices, live trumpeter being about as rare a thing in Sydney as live j schnapper must be in London. Since selling I out her cargo she has been engaged (credat Judceus!) in the very meritorious business j of showing our fishermen (ignavum pecutj the way to catch their own fish on distant fishing grounds where they are still plentiful, and bring them alive to their market at Wooloo mooloo Bay. Well- boats had been tried here before several times, but somehow they al ways collapsed mo8tdeplorably. The fish'would not live in the wells, or if they lived they lost their scales mid their good looks, and would not sell. So the experiment was voted an utter failure, and until the Rachel Thomp son's arrival to refute all our conclusions, it seemed irrevocably settled that we were a people predestined to the consumption of stale fisn. I am told that the Rachel's fish wells are aquaria in compartments, into which the fresh salt water is let by perforations in the vessel's Bides, and where fish are kept alive by a diet of smaller fishes. The little vessel made a second coasting trip a few days ago, and has just returned with a fish freight of schnappers and other rock fish. It is pleasant to know that this little pisciferons visitor has a value, not only in the way of Bhowing ns all how we can have our fish literally ' all alive oh!" but in furnishing a more scientific knowledge of the habits of some of oar fishes for the benefit of the Commissioners of Fisheries. This learned bodjr, I am told, now entertains no doubt (having seen matters with the naked eye) that fiathead and "Serjeant Bakers" (what ever they may be) swim on the bottom, and mullet and garfish on the surface; also, that fish with inflated air-bladders float belly upward. No wonder, after such discoveries, that they have chartered the Rachel Thompson for a series of experimental fishing cruises. While on the snbject of fish, I should tell you that we we all expecting great things to be accomplished in oysters by an amended OyBter Act just passed for the purpose of ex tricating the oyster department from a bog into which it seemed Btuck fast hopelessly. My personal oyster purveyor tolls me he bos been ruined by the high prices asked for oysters, and that, being in a small way of business, he was obliged to look to the bigger dealers for his supplies. Oysters reached GOs, a bag, so he declared, and then he filed his molluscous schedule. Poor fellow I He was a very good performer with an ojrster knife, and I conld willingly have bewailed the dis appearance of a greater man. Is it gospel that we read in certain Vic torian newspapers aboutforthcoming honours for your Premier and his colleague Mr. Gra ham Berry, or is it only one of those rumours which " want confirmation f I don't exactly know what Shakapeare. if well searched, might yield for Mr. Berry s edification, but to Mr. Service I should be inclined to quote Orlando's speech to Adam in "As You Like It":— " O good old man, bow well In the appears The constant Service of the antique world— When Servioo sweat for duty not for meed. Thou art not for the fashion of these times, Where none will sweat but for promotion, And, having that, do choke their Service np Even with the having." 