TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. J3v Asmodeos. Altliougb tho fast falling nntumnal loaves donoto that tho racing season of 1883-4 is rapidly reaching tho length of its tothor, sufficient vitality yot remains to causo a revival of interest in tho festive celebrations ossooiatod with tho inauguration of -the couth Australian cam- nniirii fn-il.tv. Ontonl indirjitiona favor tho opinion that thoro will bo a monster "gathering of tho clans" at Morpholtvillo this afternoon, and that tho rCunion throughout will ho tho most successful over celebrated under tho auspioes of the South Australian J ockcy Club. It is with equal appreciation that tho sporting community of tho entire colonics recognise the enterprise of tho onthnsiastic Adclaidcaus in launching out with tho sensational douceur of 2500 sovs. . and it is unanimously agreed that tho promoters deservo all tho patronage that will bo forthcoming on tho present occasion. Ifho principal attractions to-day aro tho St. Loger and flood wood Handicap, whilo on .Thursday next tho running will bo taken up with tho.grcatraco of tho meoting,tho Adolaido Cup, thccontestforwhichis absorbing such wido spread attention. On Satur day next the Morphettvillo campaign will bo brought to a close with tho Stooplecboso and other oven ts of lessor importance. A woek later tho vonue will bo changod to tho old eourso, where the Adclaido Itaciug Club will hold sway at intervals till tho end of tho month. ThU3tho month of May promises to bo fraught with con siderable interest to those who affect the turf. Fully cognisant of tho importance of the oc casion, the proprietors of this journal havo des patched a special representative to tho Beeno of impending operations, so that during the next few waoks readers of The Leader will bo supplied with comprohonsivo accounts of the doings at the South Australian capital. Xo-day the boll-will bo opened by tho Hurdio Race, the candidates for which pnmbor ten. The handicap is a light one, and would appear to bo at tho morcy of tho top weighted Agitation, with 10 st. 12 lb. Read has, howovor, recently confined . tho marc's efforts to tho flat, but without success, as she has just been dona out of a good thing on more than ono occasion, namely, in the Bummer Cup at Caulfield, and more recently in the On- kaparinga Cup, Sho invariably dies at too high gamo, which sho lias hitherto been unable to cap ture ; and I fancy aha would havo paid her way better had she been kept to tho more legitimate business, in which department she is more likely to gain .distinction than when pitted against raco- horsos. Provided Agitation is puffed out to-day I am with lior, but it is possible aha may be held in reserve for another hopolcss effort in the big race an Thursday, in which cosol will namo THE AGENT as my representative, and commission Euchro and Lord of Clyde to act as his aides dt camp. Intorest in tho Sontb Australian Stakes will be considerably diminished by tho absence of Tho Broker and Helens, tho former of whom lain the sick list, and tb<> lattor has only recently joined the Lockloy's stable, with n view of being pro- pared for her valuable three-year-old engage- ments. Tho issue will -consequently he loft to tho pick of Sir Thomas Elder's two-year olds— probably Ring ef tho Gipsies— Gratitude, Laving, tod, Sandal, Ravine and Casarins. Tho real fight will, I think, ho left to King of tho Gipsies, Gratitudo and Sandal, and making an ollowanco for the improvement effected in Sir Thomas Elder's colt, 1 fool porsuadod to-throw in my lot W KING OP THE GIPSIES, albeit the best of tho two fillies will take some shaking off. The St, Loger reads a good thing for HURRICANE, but in easo of tho Melbourne representative being eo far amiss as some people aro inclined to boliovo, thoro will boa chance of the raco revert ing to Lord Wilton. The St. Loger wlll be followed by tho Novol Handicap Selling Race, tho doubtful honors of which I must assign to THE LAWN. . _ \- Tho principal ovont to bo decided this after noon is tho Goodwood Handicap, the jbsuo of which is onvolopcd in doubt, because of tho fact that O of the 10 candidates are likewise engaged .in tho great mitcc for the 2500 sovs. later on, and on this account tho personnel of the field is un certain.- It scarcely scorns probable that any of 'iho 9 horses will bo allowed to jeopardise their Cup prospects by incurring a 10 lb, penalty for winning a stako one-tenth the valuo of tho Cup, to say nothing of tho 300 bovs. for second and 200 sovs. for third. In view or thesa considera tions I feel justified in dismissing en masse Malua, Colstoun, Royal Irishman, Hurricane, 'Baron von Muolior, Lord Wilton, King of tho Vato, Oreswick and Country Boy. Not that ono or the other of this lot would win were the Cap not in oxistcnco, for on tho merits of the handi cap I should be inclined to chooso botweon Malua, Colstoun, and Lord Wilton ; the former for preference, but in tho faco of oxisting cir- cnmstances I prcsumo wo mnat search elsewhoro for the probable winner. Outsido the Cup di vision Tho Israclito hoads tho list with 8 St. C lb. a weight nndor which this slippery cus tomer is likely to koop tho best of thom moving. Now that Countryman has shown an inclina tion l to raco, I prefer him to Bassanio or Iron Hand ; hut at tho weights I think Dutchman and Madgo possess prior claims. Thelastnamedisa fall -sister to The Plunger, nnd as sho has beon solected in preference to either Madcap or Mcrryjig, I am inclined to beliove that that astute judge, Mr. Redfearn, has another rod in pickle. My weakness, therefore, is .; . . MADGE, With Dutchman and The Israolito as emergencies. Tho decision of tho prnnd prix of 2500 sovs. -on Thursday next, will mark a now epooh in tho annals of tho South Australian turf, and in theso days of new departures, the South Australian Jockey Clnb is deserving of overy credit for tho bid it has made' in endeavoring to create a new sensation. Tho chances of the Adelaide Cup candidates have been so exhaustively discussed in those columns from timo to timo, that it is like traversing beaten ground to again return to the subject. But tho samo is unavoidable upon on occasion liko the present, when each and all aro privileged to have thoir -last say, Thoro has been no lack of intelligonco of the daily doings at tho soat of war, tho morning journals teeming with accounts of tho training operations both at Morphettvillo and on tho old course, as well as furnishing detallod inf ormation of tho pencilling .transactions. The accounts to hand report favorably of Fryingpan, who is in his customary gay mood, and continues to delight tho break o' day visitors to Morphettvillo ; 0 st. 3 lb. is, howoveT, a crushing impost, and good horse though ho is I don't expect him to finish nearer than fourth or fifth. To my mind tho distanco is beyond his ken, and it will tako a better stuyor than Mr. Pearson's borso has hithertoiprovcd -himsolf to win- the big monoy next -week. Wore Sting himself and backed by tho Btablo I wonld infinitely prefer to stand by he chestnut, but hi3 -lines are oast in uncertain places. There is too much of tho Coriolanus olomont about him to promote confidence, and for this reason I fcol inclined to stand off. This is a disagreeable remark to utter about such a superior racohorso as Sting, who !b so boanlifnlly .handicapped at 0 St., that ho has only to bo as well as whon he won the samo race last year- provided of course the right people's monoy is on — to again provo victorious. -As I re marked last wcok, kowevor, thoro aro thoso who aro holiovorB in coincidences who would be more partial to his prospects were ho to occupy a simi- ar position in tho quotations now as then. On paper, nothing reads better than Sting with only .5 lb. more on Mb hack than ho carried to victory last year. In reality :ho is only 3 lb, worse off than previously, tho weight for ago scale allowing him an improvement of 2 lb. What can his party wish for hotter than this ? Sting is better qualified than Malua to carry 0 st. ; and then thoro is a gap.of 1st. separat ing ,tho pair from Royal Irishman, of whoso qualifications I must plead iguorance, he being a strangor to tho Victorian turf. Littlo Sister I must discard,at tho samo weight, tho penalty sho inenrre'd at Sydnoy putting her clean out of it.' .Nicholas I havo always regarded as n vastly over- rated animal. Of Colstoun, I would ontortaiu tho highest opinion wcro I satisfied that ho is at b's host, bat the accounts are not altogether satis factory rospeoting him, -while Hurricano and Lord Wilton are also under a cloud. Claptrap, 1 st. 10 lbv and King of tho Vale, 7 st 8 lb., must be hold to possess excellent chances, and both are reported to he doing famously. Baron Von Mueller has apparently loBt nil form, and tho same remark may be applied to Crcswick and Agitatiop. Lancaster and Country Boy havo never done anything to warrant tho opinion that tkoy possess a clianco of success in a contest of this description. Ned of tho Hills, C st. 10 lb., is a great local tip, bnt if tho race is destined to fall to iho lot of an outsider, rccommond me to Conjecture, tho four-year.old sister to Guess work, who ib fairly lot looso at 6 Bt. 3 lb. To sum'up briefly, I shall select Claptrap, King of tho Vale, Conjecture and Bting to beat tho field, and fpr a final plump X Bball ho content to stand or fall by OLArTRAP, whoso time for landing a big coup must now ho nigh at hand. _ Following tho example sot thom by tho Ade laide people, the promotors of tho Victoria Aina- tour.Turf IClub havo gono in for a new sensation, and on Saturday lost tho hearts of horse owners were gladdened by tho announcement that the valne of the next-Caulfiold Cap ie to be increasod to 2000 sovs., 1300 eovs. of which is to go to the first horse, 500:sovs. to the runner up, and 200 sovs. to the third. This latest movo on the turf chessboard is ono calculated to considerably enhance tho saccoss of tho Spring meeting at Caulfield, ' and tho conditions of tho stako aro such as will probably command tho largest field of horses wljfeh has over coniostcd a raco in tho Australian colonies. Tho first payment of 5 sovs. on 2nd June should attract considerably over 100 horses. Tho weights will bo announced on 7th July, and all horaoa not scratched by 4th August will bo liable for another & sovs. A third payment of similar valuo will beoomo duo on letSeptombor, and tho final acceptance of 15 eovs. will close ac counts on 14th October, four days before tho race. In addition to tho handsome sum of 1800 sovs. tho winner will become , entitled to a trophy value 200 guineas, tho liberal presentation of Mr. Matkow O'Sbanassy. This generosity on the part of Mr. O'Sbanassy is worthy of commonda- tion, and it is particularly gratifying to know that tho V.A.T.O. possesses patrons who aro bo ready to give 'tangible proof of tho genuine in terest they tako in tho welfare of thoir club. The example is ono which should givo rise to a healthy spirit of cmnlation on the part of others who aro in a position to oxpress thoir allegiance to the turf in a similar manner to that adopted by the donor of the next Caulfield Cup. The delightful woalhcr which prevailed on Sa turday afternoon induced a largo number of per sons to pay a visit to Elsternwick Purk, whore, under tho auspiccsof tho Victorian Trotting Club, a very attractive "mixed" meeting was held. Tho only drawback was the starting, for, except ing in the trotting events, tho flag was very in differently managed, tho fields on some occasions being sent away in a most irregular stylo. With this exception, and tho fact that an unwarrantable dcluy of half an hour took place in starting tho .laBt raco, no fault could bo urged against the arrangomonts. Tho gathering, on tho wholo, was by fur the most successful yot held on the course, tho sport in gonoral being very appreciable. Tho nnisanco which was hithorto caused in front of tho stand by tho uproarious proceedings of book makers was not experienced on Saturday, those individuals being judiciously restricted to tho paddock when plying their avocation. Tho day's proceedings embraced no -lesB than seven ovonts, the initial contest being a novelty -in tho skapo of a pair horso trot ting match hotween Mr, P. G. Dixon's two well known trotters Maid of Mona and Sylph and the equally famous performers BrownHawkand Sparrow Hawk, owned by Mr. F. Bobbin!). The raco was for 50 sovs. aeldo, and tho distanco of each heat two miles. Dixon's team wore tho favorites at tho start, 5 to 4 being laid on them, but tho " Hawks" found numerous supporters, who wero confident that the mares wonld bo dofoatcd. This anticipation was, how ever, sadly disappointed, as tho favoriteB literally did as tkoy liked with their oppononts, who were not only beaten hut distanced. -There then followed a Free For All Trotters or Pacors, in which four homos criod content, Honesty being most fancied, although Lcitkamstcad also carried a lot of monoy. The lot wore got away almost in a line, and a really appreciable exhibition of trotting ensued. Honesty travelled iu first class form tho wholo distance, two miles, without onco breaking, and although inpoint of speed he. ex celled Loithamstcad, tho lattor likowiso got over the ground in a thoroughly legitimate mannor, and evoked tho plaudits of those in attendance. Oliver proceoded in a satisfactory fashion for a milo, but in tho socond round he continually broko, nnd was thereby thrown ont of tbo hunt. Lon Rose did not display the good form which ho usually shows in ovonts of tho kind, and was nover dangerous at any jnnctnre of tho jonrnoy. Backers subsequently directed their attention to Tulta, who was opposed to Calomel in tho Two- year-old Soiling Stakes, odds of 7 to 4 being frcoly laid on tho son of Lady Kirk, who justified tho conildenco placed inhimbywinninghardhcld with great ease. Barton, who redo Calomel, when pursuit of Tulta was utterly hopeless, laid tkewhip fin f.lin fillv trv r» m.Hinpp fhnfc rrent.ml wrvnnfavnp. able comment and ennsed considerable surprise. The winner was afterwards sold to Mr. Macklin for £105, the club benefiting to the extent of £80 thereby. Tho Hurdle Raco succeeded, and brought seven contestants beforo the starter, tho great bnlk of public money being invested on tho respective chances of Ned Kelly and Equity, both of whom wcro individually regarded as a really good thing. Merry Maid, however, who was almost ignored, proved too superior, and although Equity mado a bold bid for victory at the finish, tho maro won as sho liked. Tho Ghost was mado a warm favorito for tho Welter Raco, but ho cut a sorry figure throughout, tho finish being loft to Phantom and Cupola, tho former of whom just got home first. When apparently with tho Selling Race in hand, Knowledge, who was backed for a lot of money, was caught napping by Saxon, who managed to achieve a victory by anose. A protest was entered against tho winner by tho rider of Knowledge on tho ground of a jostle, but the stewards dismissed it. Saxon was bought in for £21, and Knowledge changod panda at £55, the purchaser being Mr. Boundy, Tho Elstern wick Handicap concluded tho day's proceedings, and causod ten horses to sport silk, Lcsbia being in great demand at 2 to 1. Tho favorito got weU away at the start, and occupying a good situation all through camo out at tho end, and won easily from Phoutom, who was followed home by Priestess. Thus terminated a most enjoyablo afternoon's outing, and provided tbo club can always guaranteo sport of similar description Mr. Huydon, tho now socrotaiy, will quickly restore to Elsternwick Park its waning popularity. Tho V.B.C. committeo havo endorsed tho de cision of tho stewards of tbo Invorleigh Racing Club in disqualifying Michael Coogan (owner), John Yates (rider), and tho horses Forlorn and Jack Sprat for a period of 12 months from tho 14th April last, as they considered that Forlorn woo openly pnllcd to enable Jack Sprat to win the Inverleigh Handicap on tho above date. The decision of the Leigh Road Racing Club in dis qualifying Jabn O'Kcofo for 8 years from 5th April for disordorly'conduct was also endorsed. Our Adolaido special furnishes some interesting particulars concerning tho doings of tho horses now completing their preparation for thoir South Australian campaign. Fryingpan is going great gnns as usual, and his stable nro confident of Mb tanning well np. Sting, Malua, Colstoun, Claptrap, and King of tho Yalo have also boen delighting their respective partisans. Ringwood, on tho contrary, has hrokon down and boen scratched for all ongogoments. Hurricano is uudoraclond, and only puts in an occasional nppcaranco on tho training - ground. This cir- cumstanco, coupled with the fact that tho colt does not travol well in tho' market, is strongly suggestivo of a screw being loose somewhere. Conjecture is rapidly -increasing in favor, and sovoral good jndges aro favorably impressed with Sir. Thomas Rider's ehaiico of landing tho big coup. : , During tho present wcok Messrs, V J. C. Yuillo and Co. disposed of n throo-yoar-old sister to John Fcol to Mr. Mooklin for 20 guineas, and a six-yeaT-old gelding by Bluo Jacket ont of . Camballo's dam to the samo purcbasor for; 40 guineas. Through the agency of tho samo salos< men tho well known racer Morey Maid, that woU tho Hardle Race at Elsternwick Fork last Satur day, also changed hands, tho buyer being Mr. Ball, of Queensland, who purposes taking' tho maro to that country. Messrs. Yuillo also submitted for snle, on account of Mr. S. Gardiner, Qunmboneson and First Flight Princess, but as tho competition for theso animals was very fcoblo they wcro withdrawn. The non-s of Ring woofl a withdrawal from 'tho Adelaide Cup reached Melbourno on Tuesday evening, nnd caused considerable Biirpriso, ns.tho horso was known to ho uncommonly well when ho left homo last wcok. It is ill nows to hear that so good a horse has broken down badly. Owners of liorso3 are notified that - Tho general' entries for tho Melbourne' Hunt Club meeting, td take place on tho Flemington race course on tho 24th inst., will close at tho olficq of tho Victoria Racing Club at four o'clock , on Monday afternoon. Those owners who aro desirous of enteriu'g their horses for tho events to bo decided at tho "ap proaching meeting of tho Shepparton Turf . .Clnb, to take place on tho 24th ihst., are reminded that entries therefor close with .the socrotaryat the clnb's offices on Wednesday next. J . Nearly all our principal patroiiS of the turf 'have taken wing to Adolaido. . Early in the week tho following woil known names of owners and others appoarcd in the passenger list— viz., Messrs. W. Miller, N. R- D. Bond,'S. Martin, J. 0. Inglis, W. T. Jones, R, K. Maitland, E. Weeks, Dr. Hewlett, W. Fife, E. .T. Barnard and numerous others. Tho trainers were repre sented by Messrs. W. Lang, H. Cbifney, J- Scobic, J. Leek, J. Wilson, .jun., T, -Fonlsham, J. Morrison and J. R, Crooke. . Amongst 'thq departed jockeys aro tho names of T. Corrigqtj, Hf. fVRriATV fl. Tvimv. TV "Rnhprlfifttl. S. 'Dnuia. R. Batty, S. Crackuell, E. Power, Southai), J. Williamson, R, M'lvor, J. Klldufi- nnd T. Hales. Our Adelaide special wires that onThursdajpast some members of. tho committee of the South Australian. Jo:key Club, accompanied by several visitors.and the club's secretary, Mr.'S. Barnard, visited tho eourso at Morphettville .for; the purpose of inspecting tho arrangomonts for;the approaching meeting. Tho working of tho total- isator was explained to Iho visitors by Mr. Bar nard, whp has everything id capital order. A small enclosure, open only to members of .Tatter- sail's here, has boon fenced off, and it remains to be seen whether tho stringent laws against openly quoting the odds, which are in feres in this colony, will bo put into operation within thia reserve at tho ensuing meeting. The lawn, saddling pad dock and eourso are all in beautiful order, laud only fine weather i3 required in order to erasure the meeting proving tho greatest racing success which has over takon place hare. Thorc was a light rain on Thursday, hut should tho woatbeK cloarup again, tho showers which bavefalleniwill not at all npsct racing calculations by damag ing tho eourso. Elsowhcro will be found tho programme of . tho June mcoting-of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club.' Tho Victoria Gold Cup, valuo 100 sovs., should attract ali our best amateur cros3 country riders, and then there is another prize of similar valuh added .to tbo Ladies' Trophy, distance , sixffnr- longs ; an Open Steeplechase of 100 sovs., Han dicap Hurdio Raco of 75 sovs., and tho Rich mond Handicap of 59 sovs. completes tho bill of fare. The autumn meeting of tho Murrumbidges Turf Clnb passed off vory quietly on Wednesday and Thursday last. A majority <of tho events were appropriated by that improving two;jiBar- old Reginald, who won tho Mares' Produce Stakes, Flying Handicap and Maiden Plate. Tho visit of Reginald to the Riverine capital thus proved highly remunerative. In strong contrast to our Victorian experiences it rained so heavily in Now South Wales last week as to cause the Ranuwick training txaoks to be closed. The turf is now reported to be ill excellent working order for tho horses under going thoir preparations for tho Birthday meet ing. Mr. A. F. Smart has ceased to persevere with Chester's brother Grosvenor, who now goos to the stud, having beccmo tho property of Mr. Guy, of Brnngle. Several of the Indian traders in horses havo been temporarily inconvenienced by tho collapso of the Orionlal Bank.Corporation, notably Messrr, E. Wcekc3, T. Lcarmonth, Warren, Warner and Kcronso, allof whom aro dopositors. Mr. J. Wat son, who purchased Tabletop and Falkirk foe a wealthy rajah, has been compelled to delay tho shipment of theso horses to India from tiro samo causo, the P. and 0. Company refusing a lieu on the horses as security for their passago monoy. Rumors are current in effect that tho Fcrnhill stud, ono of tho leading establishments of its kind in Now South Wales, will shortly bo dis posed of, tho Messrs. Cox Brothers having uo desire to carry on breeding to the samo extent as did their lato father, Mr, E. K. Cox. Besides numerous valuable marcs, Darebin and Vespasian are amongst thoso to bo catalogued. ."1 Satisfactory entries havo been received for tho A.J.C. Derby of 1835, and now that tho club has Hborally subsidised tho stake its ultimate valuo will roach nearly £1500. There aro some aristo cratically bred juvouilcs intholist of nominations j namely, a full sister to First King and Fctrca, a fnll sistor to Garfield, a full sister to Tho Broker, ditto to Lo Grand. Commotion's career on tho tnrf appears to havo come to an end, as tho horso has loft J. Morrison's hands and is now locatod at Kilmany Park, whoro Mr. Pearson intends to utilise his sorvicos at tho stud. Tho committeo of tho Tasmanian Turf Club has ontrnsted tho handicaps for the May meeting t<f Mr. P. Monaghan, whoso knowlodgo of 'the island - porformers is Buch as to insure tho work being proporly executed. Quietudo was so serioruBly injured during (t - scrimmage in tho Selling Raco at Elstcrnwidt : Park loot Saturday that it w.ill be somo time ho- V fore Bhe is sufficiently recovered to reappeat'oa a rucoconrso. The veteran artist, Mr. F. Woodhonso, son., baa .''"jjrut"coinplett3,t<> the order of Mr. iSrHvans,, an" '.-'-ijjmaileatpbrtrait Of Victress. ; ; 'plater Knowledge has .joined R. >>: Bcrior'saelectstring atFlemington. 