TBE NEWMARKET HANDICAP. By "Vigilant." In analysing tbo chancre of the borsea eogaged in tbe Newmarket Handicap I pro- nose to deviate materiallv from tbc beaten track of sporting orthodoxy, and iustead of porting out tbe boet animals (on paper) in the race, and writing ambiguously concerning the chauce of those which I cotifider "out of it," Imeau to begin by weeding out all tbe horses which I believe have no rliow of win ning what will undoubtedly be a f&atrun; race- In theee days of double event wagering, almost every animal engaged in im portant races like tbc Newmarket Handicap and Australian Gup will be backed by tbe outside public, who unquestionably are in fluenced in their fancies, wore or less, by the published opinion? of sporting writers (albeit that a shining light ou one of our wtrkly contemporaries candidly confesses that, ufter each of his periodical visits to the truiuiug groood, »he liveliegt recollection he has of tbe morning's work hn« reference more par ticularly to the quality of the rum and milk imbibed by himself during tbe morning). It is, in my bumble opinion, of importance that as much stress should be laid on the utter inability uf ouehorsoto win as on the apparent prospect of succsa c-f auothcr; in other words, the sporting tipster who, «6 a result of hi-- writings, induces backers to "eland (fl " lioreCe who have not the remotest 1 chance of winning a race, aod thereby pre vents them from losing their pouude or "fivers," does greater service than if he contented himself with writing awbiguuu-ly concerning the animal or igDoriug him altogether. The poorer cltt»e of backers nre frequently terapti d to takes long shot and etske their pounds on horses which have not the ghost of : a chance, simply because the odds are , great, and tbey know that the animal tbey have backed 1ib won a race eomewhero cr other, and fancy that his winning tbe New market Handicap ia within the range of pro bability. I think my readers will agree with me that it is as much tbe duty of a sporting journalist to plainly point out ft horse who is merely introduced into the race or tbe betting quotations for market purpose, and who could not win with a postago stamp on his back, as it ia his office to let the public into hie confidence ou those (alas !) rare oecasious uhc-a he knows a good thing. Anyhow, in wading through the list of horses engaged in tbe big Spring Handicap of the season, I t-bflll commence with THOSE WHICH I WOULDN'T BACK FOR A FENNY. Santa Claus, 6»t. Gib., is an animal for whom I used to entertain a certain umount of rcepect, principally due to hie being eecond to Darebin in the V.ll.C. Derby, and his winning the Trial Slakes at Gcclong. As, however, he has gone "clean off" eincc, 1 eradicate tbe son of Glorious as the first of those who 1 think can't win. Copba, Sri. 41b., is an aristocrat icallr-hred young lady who, on account of her close relationship (full sister) to Navigator, was heavily backed for the A.J.C. Derby. As, however, I happen to know that Olga can beat her at any distance, 1 scratch the daughter of Robinson Crusoe—Cocoauut, for the Newmarket Handicap. The Exeteb, at Set. 21b., I don't care for. Icon Hand, 7et. Sib., is not class euougb. Emlltub, 7et. 7ib.t is another animal which I care little for, and whom I should back for leas. Vjctbess, 7t. Tib., ia, in my opinion, hardly class enough to win & Newmarket Handicap. Howloxg, a five-year-old gelding, carry ing ?et. 61b., is another horse which I wouldn't back at 100 to 1. Stationer, who ia also handicapped at Tst 6lb., is a useful horee in second-rate company, but is altogether out of his element in a Newmarket Handicap field. Pnarus, 7st. 4lb. , is, like Iron Hand, out- clas-ed. Beeswax, 7et 31b., nominated by Mr. T. Chirnside, has no riiow, as Cbloris, who is him. Kino's Head, 7st 2lb, is in a dangerous stable, but cauuot win. Beaoaiont, 7 at. lib., was boston so easily 1 at Mouuee Valley, although supported by the stable, that I cannot stand him at any price. Sr. John, 7?t., Is a shade better, but not good enough for Flemington amongst race horse. Halifax, 7eL, disappointed his stable so frequently when ar-ked to win a Selling Race (although Here's Luck also refused to try once or twice and afterwards ran a fast run race), that I must discard the Bon of Haw- thorndeu. Too Too, Cst. 121b., is & filly who isn't "in it." Ma&t;, Oat. 10lb., another light-weighted lady, I muet worn my readers agttiust hack ing in Newmarket Handicap Company. Uhdksto, Cri. 9lb., I don't care for. Paxlleroo is a speedy mare by Oliver Twist, but i not my ohoice. The Drone, Gst. 71b., has an up- country reputation for speed and had temper. Under any circumstances I would not hare him for a race of Ibis description. Country Boy, Gst. 101b., I can't stand, and Gat. 81b., who winds up my list of those not in it, is not to myiancy. THE GOOD 'UNS. Having disposed of the animals wliich strike me as being outclassed or overweighted I will eift the chances of the remainder. Fbyingfak, 10at. 8lb„ is, undoubtedly, the fastest horse catered for -the race, hut 10«t. 61b. is bound to etop him, though he won't be far from the front. . . Welcome Jack, fist. 71b., is a horse who, fit and well at tho post, will be heavily backed by both stable and public, and is entitled to much respect, his second to Egerton (when anything but fit) at tho Hunt Club Meet- inc being a big performance. Booxxa, Set. 71b-, 1 bare always con sidered very nearly as good a miler as Fryingp&n;, and is certainly not seven pounds inferior to the 6on of Bethnal Greou at six furlongs. When I last bad an opportunity of witnessing a meeting between tbe pair, Boolka was notoriously unfit ; if the stAhle back the son of Glorious, I would certainly advice backers to follow suit, Uutil then they should stand off, as the bono has not been at all well lately. MosrETH, 9tst. Sib., Although a good un, is scarcely as speedy as his sta'blo companion. Seoenhoe, 21b., who is ono of the most dangerous horses engaged, and, aa all going well, the prince of Australian jockeys, T. Hales, will have the mount on tbe (-on of MsribyrnoDg, I shall expeot him to run into a place. Glekoob, bat., has distinguished himself In Queensland, but, as his performances are aaarcelr eood enouzh to entitle him to fiorore in tbe front rank, I cannot tip him. SomiEB Boy, 9at., has always been a favourite of mine, but, in tho faoe of the stable support accorded Countryman, I have no alternative but to wipe bun out. Htpatia, 9ct., is slightly overweighted, and I fancy the same remark applies to tbat really good mare Linda, who, with 6st. lllb., is not as favourably treated as Fuantosi, who, if thoroughly fit, is a slippery customer over f»ix furlongs. Waterloo, 6st. lllb., is up to bis neck in the race, and must furnieh one of tho fore most division. La Grand, Set. 101b., is likely, I should imagine, to be trained for the Cup uud Champion, though leniently dealt with in (be Handicap. Napier, Sat. 2 01b., has already given up a forelerie of his briliituf speed in the Sfandi?h Plate, when he fiuiehed a neck behind Cbuckrier. Unlo.-s Lang has a better cult in his stable, I shall expect tbe son of King Culc to fiuitfa in tbe firet batch, Oi/3a, 6st. Sib., is a good filly, and ought to run well up ; but I think there are better ones in the race. m ax.ua, Sat. 7lb., is popularly supposed to be a hot un when well. As Idon'tfancy he has improved a stone since the last New market Handicap, when he ran nowhere under 7?t. 6lb., I shall look a little lower down for tbe wfuuer, whom I take to be Coustbtuan, 6-t. 71b., one of the fastest and, at the same time, one of the worst- tempered brutes in the colonies, who (if in tbe humour on the morning of tho race) will take a lot of licking. Dire Hatiebicx, Sri. "Jb., since Lis South Australian victories, has not maintained tbe prctligc acquired as a two-year- old. £iu Garnet, Sat. 61b., is likely to run a good horce, but is not my fancy. Duenna, Set. Gib , was very fast aa a two- year-old, and should have won tbe Oaks this season. A, however, Mr. Wallace has two other nags engaged, I shall expect cither ooe or tbe other (Waterloo or Lc Grand) to represent tbe etabio of tho Queensland squatter. Here's Luck, Sri. 4lb., has prored by easily winning tbe Bydoey Anniversary Handicap that he ia a clinker ; if «ent over he will be worth watching. Slots, Sri, 3Jb,f is another fair performer, but hardly good enough to win the New market Handicap with 8ri. 3ib. Feictboneous, Set. 2lb., was backed to tvin tbie race lari year, and fiuiahed nowhere. Coolidaii, Set., hns been heavily backed, and tiiuct, from recent running, hovo a decent chaucc of wiuuiug, but I prefer several others- Lxddlygton, 7ri. 13lb , ia in a clever stable, aud uiny win ; but I prefer their other eiriog —Precious Stone. Bafsanio, 7st. 131b.. ran so badly nl Geclonp a week or so since that I despair of his emulating tbe oxuuiple of bis late stable companion. Tyrolean, Virago. 7ri. J3ib., is another Bullarafc representative, who is fairly treated, and I expect, to see lier finish near the leaders. Claptrap. 7st. 121b., is one of the picks of the Handicap, and is rertoinly not an animal Hint J should lay heavily against if I were, a bookmaker — as the son of Tim Whiftlcr will win a big race one of these days — and shall be one of my selections to win the Xowwurkoi Handicap. LiDritATon. 7ft. lllb.. has, for the last twelve or eighteen months, been relegated to the harem, and has only very lately been put into work again. Although the Normaubv Stakes winner of 1SS1 is, when wound up, a fast horse, 1 cannot have bun for thie event at any price. Saionara, 7 st 91b., is outclassed unless a marked improvement has recently appeared in the on of Msribyrnoog. Bis Bis, 7ri. 91b., i? er»dited with having made some wonderfully fari half-mile aud fire-furlong record a a two-year-old in S>uth Australia, and, if in her old form, is very favourably handicapped and may be close up at the fiuish. Boscawen, 7ri. 91b., by Maribyrnong, has arrived here and has an outside show. Middlexursu, 7et. 71b., is a usc-ful colt, and has an outride chauce. Kathleen, 7st. 71b., must finish behind Bis Bis unless vastly iir.provc-d. Lord Wilton, 7?t. olb., by Countryman— Iuriep, is a colt who I certainly expect will make a bold bid for this race, aud shall select him as one of the half dozen from which the winner will come. Conjecture, 7t. 31b., Ia a Gang Forward, bnt is not a filly J care about. Precious Stone, 7ri. 21b., is sach an improved colt of late that I scarcely know what tbe black sou of Tubal Cjin can do; he is. bound to run forward, but, judging by Lis display on Saturday, at Caulfield, is sol qui'c good enough to win. CiiiEEXNE, Gri. 121b., Is the Gippriaud marc who won the Ilawksburn Handicap with seven stone on Saturday. As she will meet better cattle at Flemington, I am not in love with her chance. Priestess, Gst. 101b., is a Proto Martyr, and can gallop. The mare is worth taking a lODg shot about. Black Diamond, Gri. Olb., Las won throe small handicaps, but ia cortaiuly out of hi element in this company. Lyon's Lady, Get. 9!b., ia juri the class of filly for a Newmarket Handicap, but is scarcely forward enough. Pagaxini, Gst. 91b., ia a Tasmanian-bred colt, who gives every promise of becoming fari. He is, however, not class enough for this race. Having briefly analysed the relative chance of each animal engaged in the New market Handicap, I propose to select six against tho field (always reserving to myself tbc fight of naming another horso if he distinguishes himself on the traiuiug ground or elsewhere in the meantime.) Countryman, Clati-rat, Segexiiok, Boolka, Lord Wilton, and Precious Stone are, I think, tho best horses in the race at tbo weights, sad narrowing my selection down to one, I shall plump for Countryman, who, with Yuomans up, should break lmin. lGtec. 