The Drover's Camp. Two "Weird Stories. The scene was close to Groondiwindi, on a beautiful starlight night, in the year 1882. Four men, reclining on their blankets, yarning and smoking; and a large mob of store cattle close by, contentedly taking their rest, with the grass literally up to their bellies, for every one of them was lying down. The party consisted of Jack Williams (in charge), Jim Bollard, " Captain" Harris, and the writer, whom, for convenience sake, I will call Ted Costigan. Harris, by-the-way, had been several things in his time: a sailor, publican, gold-miner, and God knows what besides. How, or where he became entitled to the dignified appellative of " Skipper," no one seemed to know, nor whether he had been in command of a ship, a schooner, or a coal barge. Anyhow, he was now a drover, and, though rather advanced in years, was the life of our party, and reconciled me, more than anyone or anything else, to the monotonous drudgery and routine of " overlanding." By degrees, the conversation drifted into the inevit able and ever-congenial topic, Apparitions. The " boss " related a story of a veritable haunted house, at a place called Kurrajong, and told it with a minutiae of detail that lent much plausibility to the narrative. By a natural association of localities, the Kurrajong suggested the theme of Fisher's G-host, but no one appeared desirous of throwing any light upon that mystery—which was doubly a mystery to me, because I had never heard of it. " Who knows the story ?" I asked. "Let me hear the particulars of it, and if you are all agreeable, I will decide whether it is authentic enough to deserve further notice." " I am thinking you would not be an impartial judge, Costigan/' said Harris. " I never yet met a Munster man who hadn't a leaning towards the super natural in such matters." " We all know it, Ted," rejoined Williams; " at least we have heard it told, with hundreds of varia tions, for nearly as long a time as you have been alive. Jim here/'—alluding to Bollard—'can tell it the best of any I have heard." " Spin it along, Bollard," I requested, " unless it be too horrible altogether." " There is nothing peculiarly horrifying about it/* replied Jim ; "and I have never heard its truthful ness questioned. Omitting details and variations, the following are the main facts of the case :— ff It is now getting on for 55 years since an English-' man, of the name of Fisher, lived at Campelltown, a township of New South Wales, some thirty miles from the metropolis. He had been a life-convict, but he subsequently obtained the privilege of a ticket-of leave man, and eventually his " emancipation," as it was termed in those days. It was customary with Governors to grant a plot of land to emancipated con victs, to give them a chance of retrieving their lost position, and Fisher thus became the proprietor of a piece of ground, upon which he built a store. ft In the course of time he found himself involved in pecuniary difficulties with his creditors, and in danger of losing his liberty for the second time. As a safeguard against the alienation of his effects, he made over his property to an intimate friend, named Worral, on the understanding that it should be restored to him when he had got over his troubles. At all events, shortly after this transference, he under went a term of imprisonment for debt; and soon after his liberation—a week, I believe—he suddenly disap peared from his old quarters. His friend gave out that he had gone home to England, and that he him self had accompanied him a part of the way—as far as Sydney. Such a rumour did not create the slightest suspicion or wonder amongst the neighbours, for visits to the mother-country were by no means common at the period j and Worral lived in his absent friend's house, and worked his business, to his own pleasure and emolument. " In about seven weeks from the time of Fisher's disappearance, there occurred one of those mysterious events which agitate society, and give a memorable prominence to particular crimes. A neighbouring settler, named Hurley, on going home one evening in the twilight, observed a figure seated on the top- rail of a fence, in the vicinity of Worral3s residence. The figure presented the exact outlines of Fisher's person, distinctly and clearly. Hurley gazed on the vision steadfastly, and sufficiently long to convince himself of the resemblance, when the apparition, after motion ing with its hand in a -certain direction, gradually became invisible, and finally disappeared in an adjacent \ gully. According to some accounts, the C( appearance " showed itself more than once; according to others, with which I agree, it was satisfied with the success of its first experiment. Hurley lost no time in communicating with the police authorities, who were for a while inclined to throw cold water on his story. A search was, how ever, instituted by direction of Mr. Howe, Super intendent of Police, and ended in the finding of the remains of Fisher, in a waterhole in the creek before referred to. A blackfellow, engaged in the search, was the real discoverer. It is said, that after taking up some of the water in the hollow of his hand, and tasted it, he exclaimed, f One whitefellow down below !' The waterhole was then carefully dragged, with the result I have stated. This is one version of the discovery. Another assigns a grave in a sand-bed of the dry creek as the resting-place of the victim. " Worral was arrested, on suspicion, tried, and convicted ; and immediately before his execution, he acknowledged the justice of the sentence, by con fessing to the murder of his too-confiding friend, Frederick Fisher/1 * # * " You have been a longish bit in these parts, now, Captain," said old Williams, breaking the silence that succeeded the story of Fisher's Ghost, " and I understand you had a pile o' money before you come here/' A pretty tidy lot/' answered the Captain. "" I'll tell you how I came by it, the story will shorten the time, and the cattle are in particularly good humour." " Some years ago—I need not specify how many—I was mate of the coasting schooner, Adela, of which Tony Boyd was both owner and skipper. We did a considerable trade in contraband goods, chiefly be tween Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. Our craft was also well known at Freemantle, on the West coast. The latter town—or rather the coast adjacent to it—had a powerful attraction for me; I believe I could live for ever exploring its inlets, and peering into its pellucid depths. A Dutch ship had been wrecked there, years and years before Captain Cook was born, and one result of the wreck was, that boxes containing untold treasure, in Flemish and other money, was lying at the bottom of the sea, somewhere thereabouts. This was the secret of my anxiety to visit the spot as often as possible, although what good I could do when I got there, was about as evident to me as the abortiveness of an attempt to stem the in-flow of the Swan River. Anyway, the tradition of. the wreck was enough to make me enamoured of the locality, which was not, by the way, the safest on the coast for vessels of any tonnage. " Well, we were detained there on one occasion, just about this time of the year, for four or five weeks, owing to an indisposition of the skipper who was laid up in the town of Freemantle with an attack of slow fever; and during all that time I thought of little else than the treasure hidden, probably, beneath the keel of the Adela. I thought of it by day, and I dreamt of it by night, until dubloons, and guilders, and rix-dollars, and pieces-of-eight had become as familiar to my tongue as -the shillings and four penny-bits of the mother country. I dragged the place, with the assistance of the cook, for hours at a stretch, for, somehow, I imagined that, notwithstand ing the failure of former attempts by the Dutch themselves, I was destined from my cradle to be enriched by the discovery of all this submerged wealth. But all my trouble and anxiety brought me no return, save in the quiet jeers of my shipmates. " Further north—about midway to Dirk Hartog's Island—another Dutch ship had come to destruction, amongst some rocky islets, nearly thirty years before the wreck which took place abreast of where Free mantle now stands. The immersed treasure lost in the former wreck was all recovered, with the exception of one chest containing nine or tep thousand rix dollars ; and this chest, although the place of its immersion was unknown to me, and its existence had cost me no anxiety at all, in comparison with the Freemantle spec, I was fated to discover and possess, in the following strange manner :— " One evening, when sounding as usual, with the cook seated in the stern of the boat, fishing for schnapper, a sudden squall capsized our frail craft and sent us both floundering into the water. The forenoon had been uncommonly sultry, and the few deck hands we had were lying down asleep under the awning abaft the mizen-mast, and so the accident was not observed by anyone on board the schooner, from which we were separated by three or four cable lengths. " The boat turned keel upwards, and to it the cook and myself stuck with the tenacity of leeches. We cooeyed and shouted in the hope of being heard on board, but the increasing wind—fore-runner of a storm—rendered our voices inaudible at that distance; and, to make things pleasanter, the upturned boat was drifting away from help in obedience to the wind, which was blowing from the south-east. " We kept on thus until sundown, when a tremendous gust of wind fairly lifted the boat out of the water and threw her over on her keel again, my mate and I holding on by a thole-pin on each side to keep her righted. When the wind abated, we got into the boat very cautiously j and then the lightning flared and the thunder crashed most fearfully for an hour or so, accompanied, however, with only heavy drops of rain, which fell so deliberately as to be countable. We had, evidently, got only the tail-end of the storm, for which we felt grateful to Providence. " The night set in beautifully, with a cloudless, star lit sky, and the air most enjoyably cool for anyone not enveloped in saturated clothes as we were. Where the dingy was drifting to I had not the least idea, but that she was moving pretty fast I had evidence enough. To give her an in-shore impulse, I tore up a stay-board from her lining and used it as a paddle ; the cook utilising one of the seats for the same purpose. "During that dreary night, we saw nothing to give us any hope, and we heard nothing save the swish, swish of the waves against the bows of our dingy. But with the first light of morning we saw something that, although it did not quite deprive us of hope, had nothing very re-assuring in it. This was the boundless ocean on all sides, as far as the eye could reach. Not a trace of land. We saw, also, a shark in our wake, not half-a-dozen yards off. Had the coming day been raining or so clouded as to have entirely obscured the sun we would, in all likelihood, have been lost, for we had been impelling our boat all along in the wrong direction, so bewildered do people sometimes become in regard to locality. I fully expected that the rising sun would encounter me face to face, Beated as I was in the stern of the boat; imagine my surprise, when his first rays made them selves felt on the back of my head. I could have sworn that his sunship had for once made a mistake in rising, and had got out on the wrong side of his bed. " * 'Bout ship! * cried the cook, who was laboring under the same delusion as myself with respect to the course we had been steering: straight on for Gape Horn or a few points to the south'ard of it. " Quickly bringing up the prow of dingy opposite the sun, we propelled her along very slowly, with a stiffish morning breeze right in our teeth. "We had a big object to strike,it is true—the whole range of coast line from Cape Leuwin almost to Port Essington—but there were many obstacles to our ever striking it. Our paddles were next to use less, except in calm waters, we had neither provisions nor fresh water, and anything like rough weather would place us entirely at the mercy of the waves. Our matches being wet, we could not enjoy even the poor luxury of a smoke, but this was a want we did not much feel, as we were both as much addicted to the * quid' aB to the pipe. To ward off sunstroke (our hats wer« lost in the capsize), we kept wetting our heads with salt water every ten or fifteen minutes, until a stiff, protective coating of bay salt was formed on the hair. I need not say that we kept a sharp look-out all that day for any signs of a search-party from the schooner, but night again fell upon us without our sighting either succour or land. " A brisk wind set in from the sou'-west shortly after sun-set, and blew us along at a great rate; and do what I could to give more easting to the dingy, I felt sure that, should we make land before morning, it would be to the north of the Adela's anchorage, if not to the north even of Perth. " The sharks were exceedingly bold, and used to come dangerously near our little vessel. Indeed, only for them I could have enjoyed the whole affair as a good sensational incident j for all the time I never considered myself in much danger from the elements, even in an ; open boat. But the murderouB and voracious sharks, by irresistibly keeping me on the alert when I would have been indulging in a little necessary sleep, destroyed all the romance of the thing, and made me most anxious for a speedy and favorable termination of the adventure. "Not having my watch with me, I counted time at night by the stars, and I concluded it was somewhere between two and three in the morning when the boat was brought up with a bump that threw me for'ard on my knees, close to the recumbent figure of the cook, who was having a nap. The concussion awoke him, and to my surprise the dingy slewed herself round into a little natural basin, formed by strange objects, which a closer examination proved to be rocks. There we remained until day broke, when my sur roundings informed me that we had got amongst the dangerous abrolhos, the scene of the wreck of the Dutch ship Batavia before alluded to. "We paddled about amongst the group for an hour or so, and then ." "You discovered the long-lost treasure?" sug gested Bollard. "I perceived something like a sea-animal," con tinued the Captain, " lying about five feet below the surface of the limpid water, close to an extensive ledge of rock that was barely covered by the tide. After poking the submerged thing with my oar, with out awakening in it any sense of feeling, I undressed and let myself down over the face of the ledge until my feet rested on the cause of my curiosity. It was, in fact, a big gun, incrusted with barnacles and coral to the depth of a foot or more. I took soundings all round it with my piece of board, and, at the distance of three feet from it, I discovered a square box, also overgrown with barnacles and marine weeds. " This discovery almost upset my reason, for I felt certain that some supernatural influence had been at work in the guidance of our boat to that historical and fatal spot; and I could only make signs to my companion that something wonderful had rewarded my search. After infinite labor, we succeeded in getting the box on to the upper ledge—for it and the gun were resting on a lower shelf of the same rock, which a convulsion of nature may have upheaved from a less accessible position in the ocean. Indeed, the list of the adjacent rocks, their gaping fissureB and general appearance would argue strongly in favor of the assumption of earthquake disturbance there at no very remote date. "Unfortunately, the securing of the chest was attended with a sad casualty. My improvised oar got afloat, and in striving to regain it my comrade, although a strong swimmer, was taken seaward on a receding billow, and was soon sucked down—doubt less, into the gullet of a shark. " This shocking catastrophe, you will say, ought to have thrown me into a profound melancholy, situated as I was, but I am ashamed to say that it scarcely affected my sensibilities at all, in view of my selfish calculations that the cook's share of the supposed contents of the box would revert to myself. But I would have been much better pleased had he delayed his departure until we had got the treasure into the boat—a task that engaged my unaided exertions and engineering strategy for the remaining part of the forenoon. "I searched about in hopes of dropping across something that would answer as a substitute for my lost paddle; but I found nothing except a ring-bolt, which was lying high and dry in the crevice of a rock, and which crumbled into a little heap of rust the moment I handled it. " Although I was a considerable distance from the mainland, and very ill prepared for reaching it, my impatience to examine the treasure overcame all considerations for my personal safety. "With the shaft of one of the rowlocks, which were of iron, I set about opening the box. It took me a long time to job a hole through the hard fossilised coating, but once I got sight of the wood my labors became easier, and, with a rowlock in each hand, I chipped off large slivers of the compact mass until I left one surface of the chest exposed. "The wood was in a wonderful state of preservation considering it had been submerged for over 200 years, only the parts immediately in contact with the shells, &c.;, forming the outer covering, were decayed. Those parts peeled off quite freely, leaving an inner thick ness of about a quarter of an inch as sound as it was on the day it left the carpenter's hands. The sea formed casing had kept it perfectly water-tight, so that when I broke open one side I found the interior as dry as a bone. It was lined with tin-foil, or some such substance, and-was divided into four compart ments, each of which contained bags made of some sott of dressed hide, and each bag choke full of rix dollar pieces. " How I made the shore it would takie too long to tell yOT, mates. Suffice it to say that I was picked up at sea by the captain of a brigantine, and put on board the schooner, with my treasure, on, the evening of the sixth day. My mates could make (neither head nor tail of my disappearance and return; and the absence of the cook threw an air of mystery over the whole business, that even my most plausible explana tions were incapable of dissipating. " But time reconciles us almost to anything, and when we got to Adelaide, some months later, the story of my adventure was nearly entirely forgotten. I had the meney-bags in my sea-chest, which I left at my old boarding house in Adelaide. There it remained until the year 1857, when I conveyed it to Sydney, where I disposed of my mysteriously-acquired wealth to a trafficker in old coins and other curiosities, for not more than one-sixth of its intrinsic value. But I wanted money. The rush to Port Curtis was in full swing, and without Mr. Harris in the crowd the number of unlucky adventurers would be incomplete. " Of the result of that disastrous rush I need not inform you. I returned to Sydney with my exchequer greatly diminished, and, some years subsequently, I had'the honor to le one of the party who first hoisted the red flag on the Kiandra gold field." # * # In ten minutes after I was fast asleep, with a leopard skin, belonging to the Captain (with whom I was a favorite), carefully laid over me by that gentle man's own hand. + A certain Rockhampton lady, invited several of her friends to come to her house on a certain day, as she was going to celebrate her twenty-fifth birthday. At the dinner table she said :— " This day is also the anniversary of sorrow to me —my father's death." " Indeed, and how long has your father been dead P " asked one of the guests. " Twenty-eight years," replied the hostess. # # # Two young larrikins saw a placard in Queen Street with " Elite" on it. A. " What does that mean, Bill ? " B. " Blowed if I know, but I 'eard father say that E. stands for Electric, so that it means Electric light. Its Latin or G-erman, I 'spose." # . # . # " How are your feelings now-a-days," enquired a prominent Brisbanite, to a friend whom he met at the Opera a few nights ago. " Happy, supremely happy. I am a man now, you know." " Ah ! I was not aware of that fact. Then your wife is here with you ? " " No; she's in Europe." # * # Appearances are often deceptive. A woman may be a mantua-maker, though she does not seem sew. # # # Why is a big fortune like a hard sum in arithme tic ? It is something to sigh- for. # # # The sheep dealer usually makes a good " wether " profit. # # # Air—Simon The Cellabee. Now Simon the lecturer speaketh galore On Science and Phrenologee, And sits upon Noah, and one or two more, For a Freethinker bold is he. Chorus : And Ho, oh Ho, his lectures show, He cares not a jot for the place below. Now, a Parson's brow was clouded with care, When he heard of this "Freethinkeree; And "bade the bold Simon " come on, an* he dare," And he'd prove it all Fiddle-de-dee. Chorus: With his oh, ho, ho, I well do know Where this Freethinking crew are sure to go. They argued a year, a week, and a day, And the public we find to a man, Are just as wise at the end of the fray As when the jaw-bation began. Chorus: For oh, ho, ho, its little I trow They care which of 'em cries a go. ? A WELL-known Brisbane resident, whose habitation is not far from the Observatory, and whose married days only numbers a few, had business with Mr. Foley, of the Exchange, a week or so agoj and that gentleman tried to induce the new married man to purchase some Ellen Harkins shares, and also some Louisa, the latter at a tempting price, but without success; and he went away repeating to himself what Mr. P. had said, viz.:—Louisa may be good, but Ellen Harkins is beyond suspicion. This young man's wife is named Louisa; and having got it into his head that his pile might be made if he invested, he had the matter brooding1 over for days, and in his sleep he gave utterance several times to the effect that "Louisa may be good, but Ellen Harkins is above suspicion !" His wife. hearing this, without knowing anything about her husband's intention of gambling in shares, or who Ellen Harkins was, got up and commenced pummelling our friend for daring to entertain such thoughts about "Louisa may be good/' &c.; Of course, if I did say such a thing, said her hubby, which I doubt, for I never snore or talk in my sleep, it is easily explained; but this was not sof until Mr. Foley was called in. * # # The other day, a lady with a great ear for music entered a Queen-street auction Mart, and seeing a lot of music for sale, she asked the price. " A shilling each," said the auctioneer, "take your choice, ma'am." "Well, I may as well have the worth of my money," said the lady, and she selected the largest and stoutest roll of music she could find. When she got home, her loving daughter, after ex amining the music, turned to her mama with a re proachful glance, " Why its only a Pinaforte Tutor, ma." + KtObert Holt, of Eockhampton, died at the Hos pital there the other day from heart disease. Holt's son keeps the Eockhampton Hotel. Bill Hughes was a shepherd, and he died in the Eockhampton Hospital last week. Bill had been working on a station near Gladstone. Darcy, the tailor, who is Mayor of Cooktown, has now reached the goal of his ambition in turning the first sod of the Cooktown railway. Bishop Hale has gone to Sydney on a visit. Sam Milford, of Eockhampton, is insolvent. Can this be Sam the cricketer ? El Mahdi, the False Prophet, has declined a Sultanship, which was offered to him as a bribe. Patrick Conroy, of Dalby, died last week. He was a genial Jem Conroy. Mrs. Michael Woods, of Dalby, also shuffled off " last week." She was formerly well-known to the Dalbyites as Miss Bridget Pickering. E. B. Forrest made a very good address when withdrawing the charge against Siblane. Frederick Bachelor committed suicide at Eock hampton last Thursday. He was a cordial manu facturer. Melancholia. James Markey, of Bondanilla Station, Darling Downs, made his bow before the Townsville Bench the other morning, charged with stealing from the Pierce's of Junction Station. Markey was re manded. Harry Wrixon, the well-known Sandhurst (Vic.) solicitor, has gone bung. Jack Macgregor is also defunct. The Honorable Jack was Minister for Mines in Sir Jimmy M'Cul lock's ministry in 1866. E. B. Sheridan is going to visit his beloved Maryborough shortly. A. T. Holyroyd, Master in Equity in New South Wales, has resigned his billet. Snug pension. Eev. Wall, Wesley an Minister of Charters Towers, has left that place. On his farewell ad dress he had a parting fling at Thady 0,Kane. On the next issue of the Miner Thady came down pretty heavy. Goodwin and Lamb, the Bundabergian celebrities went back to their respective hen-roosts this week. Look well after their southern trip. Mrs. Roebuck died up at Ipswich last week. She was the widow of Major George Eoebuck, and saw 74 summers. St. Just Mackay it is stated is going with the Age expedition to New Guinea. And this reminds me that I knew Mackay some years ago. He used to be in Cooktown, and afterwards edited the Northern Standard, which was a bi-weekly production then. Mac. has grown old in the service of the Press, and is also afflicted with deafness. He has a tremendously elaborate style of writing—writes for space, in fact. I don't think Mac. will survive New Guinea. Bishop Barry, of Sydney, received a good welcome at Adelaide. -1 1 Tom Eoss, manager of the""A.J;S. Bank in Stan thorpe, has been removed to Maryborough. Sir Henry Loch is to be Governor of "Victoria. Sir Henry was formerly Governor of the Isle of Man, and latterly a Commissioner of Woods and Forests. Bruce Smith, M.L.A., Gundagi, New South Wales, is going to enter the firm of Howard Smith and Sons, and live in Melbourne. 