ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) 1 ? . . , March 14. At length tho oracle has spoken. Under banqueting influences brought to bear at Bairnsdale, Mr. Berry has broken tho Ministerial silence, and dropped a few hints of the future intentions of tho Government. Up to the present, according to the Chief Secretary, tho Cabinet have submitted to Parliament. Mr. Service was so fortunate during last session in getting a batch of ill prepared and undebated billB rushed through Parliament, that the honourable , gentleman evidently thinks it. would be akin to. tempting Providence to depart from a prac tice that has been . so successful in the past. So week after week the Premier leaves his official ? cares behind him, 'and passes the greater part of his time at Sorrento. Yet the few weeks to elapse be fore the Houses, again meet would as-; suredly not more than suflioe Ministers to consider the provisions of the various bills, which, according to Mr. Berry, are to be submittod for discussion. According to that honourable gentleman's recent post prandial deliverance, tho legislation during the coming session is mainly to be of a- 'social' character. And in pursuance of this determination, * there is to be a vigorous: onslaught made ? on al the social evils; The/liquor traffic is to be —so quoth the Chief Secretary— 'dealt, with,' and already the Blue Bibbon Army are' jubilant over the prospect of Local Option. The employment of women and! children in factories is to be ' regulated,' arid the morals of young ladies tinder 'sweet, seventeen' placed undfer the rigorous : guardianship1 of an ?act' of Parliament j which will effectually dispose of Lothario arid gentlemen'- o£i' that ?' ilk.' And when the people have been '- made Bober and' virtuous through the instrumentality .of the Ministry, the same beneficial influence, will further increase the debt of gratitude it is about to impose upon tho colony, by affording its happy denizens the opportun ity of - settling upon ita' drained swamp's, which, it is intended — doubtless as a sop to Mr. Mirariis, whose labours as the head of tho Toi-iff Commission are not even alluded to — to' let on lease, and thus give the 'system ' of the hon. member for Colling wood a trial. Then there is to be a measure constituting a Metropolitan Board of Works, and last, but certainly not least, a Bail way Construction Bill. There is, as can easily be seen, a total absence from the programme of anything in the shape of ' burning questions.' Not a word is said about any revision of the tariff, of the education report, or of the Mining on Private Property Bill, so often promised and. so often shelved. They are apparently to be dealt with in the sweet by arid by, when the measure for a re-distribution of the seats in the Assembly is to be brought forward. But perhaps Mr. Berry's motion was after all only a ' feeler,' and when Mr. Service takes the public into his confidence he may largely supplement the promises made by his colleague to the hop: growers of Gippsland. Perhaps, too, the Premier is reserving his utterances until after the threatened attack of Major Smith has been made, when he will fully unmask his, at present, very much masked oratorial batteries ;' or perhaps bearing in mind that though speech may be silvern, silence is golden, the astute Treasurer may deem it wiser to take a leaf out of the' book of the sailor's parrot, and] not talk too much. Or perhaps again Mr. Service, eihbued with a keener senseof the fitness of things ' than Mr. Beiry, may deem it wise not to expatiate too loudly on the moral virtues, and hesitate to tread where his colleague has riot feared to rush in. It is whispered among Mr. Service's intimes that when, in the fulness of time, Mr.' Murray Smith has accomplished his period of service as Agent-General, arid returned to -the colony with a knightly prefix to his soriiowhat ' unfashionable but eminently British patronymic, Mr. Service will replace him as the' representative af Victoria in London. ' Should this be the case, there will ' be another ' ' refusal ? of a knighthood. Not that the honourable the. Premier ' objects in any way ; to titular distinctions, as' far as Ke himself is per sonally concerned. 'But there are what our Gaelib friends term raisons de famitte which readers the refusal imperative. There is weeping among the hatters of Victoria, ' and Te'omaris refuses to bo -com-, fprted.' The -Tariff Eevision question is not: likely -to be touched during the ap proaching^ session; and the imposition of higher duties on male head- gear runs the riskrof Ibeing'iirideflnitely postponed. Mr. Mirams, too, is inconsolable. ??? The little' gentleman experiencea'the same delight in/ dealing with' figures' as a -London sweep , does; ? acpording/'to ? Charles Lamb,' in liribibing'a cup of sassafras tea, and deems' it hard that after* compiling ra'. blue book that cost nearlyf, nineteen hundred 'pounds iri printing alone,' he should' be denied the .'- J! iUvC-i .'(,fei. v .?.-.'; :-';'.b try'ii'jssc'i Iv.'y ' '' -i:hrr.'j ' r.w imji: i.-i'L' .rw'y.cM' ni ?!!?.(-? ?'V1 !;xl! J.'K'l-'v'nivriV.- v,linolj;v9:— jr.'iyi:; vl 'UlJY . V .?jiWsfi:' wi^o'-r-jtr Ijs'iT.-.'.fj^r.'p; opportunity of profiting, ? by.^his , bookrmak ing. He is said to1 be einployinga portion of his leisure moments to the task of calculating the number of persons ever likely .to read the report of tho Tariff Commission, and the jchances of tho recommendations it con tains iri regard to a number of 'protooted' items being accepted by his fellow mem bers of tho Assombly. The Bailway Commissioners have at last commenced work, if travelling along the lines by special train, with occasional halts of five minutes' duration, can be dignified by the name. But up to the present time they have not inaugurated any of tho re forms wliioh were to cause the Victorian railways to bo conducted 'on com mercial principles.' They appear, indeed, afraid of making any changes in the present system. They have a stereotyped answer for every deputation that inter views them. 'The question involves a mattor of ?noliov. and lunnt ho rpfmrfirl to the Minister.'' This is what they invariably reply to requests for additional station ac comodation, new sidings, or additional trains. It is quite true that up to the pre sent time the appointment of every porter, gatekeeper, or greaser, has been a ' ques tion of policy.' But it was hoped that the appointment of the Commission had changed all this. It seeins, however, it is not so, and people are beginning to ask, in relation. to the trinity of whioh Mr. Speight is :the head, if it ia worth while paying so much to obtain so little ? King Log apparently has succeeded King Stork. . . Victoria is fast becoming ' a fine country for the working man'— of a certain class. It is a very paradise for murderers and burglars -under the present police regime. Three undetected murderers are at large, and the numborof bank robbers who have succeeded in eluding the efforts of the ' deteotives' — so , called doubtless on tho Zmcus a nonlucendo principle, because they never detect anything — has of late in creased at a wonderful rate. The number Ui. uiiuau Aigii.li-.uugt3i.GU. UiUU. lltJlfcV ixy UUUbj laden individuals has been swelled during the week .by the Horsham delinquent, who has eased the London Chartered Bank in that 'grariary of the colony' of something like seven thousand pounds in coin and notes. . The reward of .£500 offered by the bank has- 'failed up to the present to lead to any discovery. The services of the black trackers were ? called into requi sition', but as usual, directly they' were sent for heavy.! rain setiin, and obliterated' any 'clue ' they might'have succeeded in 'furnishing. Lxcohnection with these sable gentlemen it ;is: aniextrabrdlnary ? coinci dence that ,they_ in variably. bring wet weather when sent for.' Soirie. of our squatters,' whose -flocks and' herds are perishing for' want of water, iriight take the hint. The ? 'Queensland trackers . ap pear a3 effectual in breaking up'along drought as even Mr. M'Coll liimself . And then they don't require thirteen millions for a grand ?' canawli'' ' ? Whistling by railway and factory steam engines has been stopped, and meriibors of the police force are alone to be privileged in future to assault the tympanum of the human ear with the shrill discord. In future every constable is to be furnished with a whistle wherewith to summon, a. comrade to his assistance in case of need. That the plan thus devised of affording, the guardians of the peace, the means of calling each other ia open to some serious objections, does' not appear to have entered the minds of the authorities. An enterprising burglar, for instance, desirous of 'cracking a crib,' could, easily contrive to have the constable on the beat 'whistledoff' to a convenient distance by one' of his con federates, while he pursued his avocation unmolested. : The ? old-fashioned 'rattle ' may have been soinewhat ' cumbrous and. inconvenient to carry. But unlike the whistle, it was not attainable by everyone,, and for that very reason was doubtless hi£ uponby a former generation as more fitted for its intended purpose than the contriv ance now proposed. We may literally find ourselves paying dearly for our police whistle when the criminal 'classes have mastered the difficulties of the instrument. The Scots Church will hear of no com promise, and intend' fighting out their Strong quarrel to.the bitter end: They in tend to have their favourite minister back ?if they can, and meanwhile have raised the Salary of 'their 'beloved pastor's' succes sor and friend from d85OO to ^750. per 'annum. 'Mr. Docls, who has been for some weeks past laid up in- Geelong; where he was acting as locum tenens for the Eev. A. Wardrop; during that gentleman's absence in Tasmania, by an attack of scarlet fever, will doubtless find his convalescence expe dited ' by the advancement of his worldly prospects. How sadly the apostolic in junction anent scrip and purseis neglected in these degenerate days ! Were, it not for the 'bawbees' ' ,and the fact that the Scots congregation in seceding from the Viotorian Pre3bytery would take, with them property valued at some ,£20,000, they would have been allowed to. ' cut the painter' long since. They, how over, are as determined as ever to carry out their intention, and at| the meeting, held during the week, at; which thejjEev. Mr. Hay 'moderated'— which is Scotch for presided1 — unanimously resolved to' reject all overture's for a peaceable solution of ('the difficulty,'' which ' cuhninated in the departure of the' Eev. Charles Strong There will be 'a fiercer fight over the '.'Enabling Bill' -by^ which the Scots con gregation seek :to. achieve 'their endthari; over any other matter- Ifrought under the notice of the next Parliamentary session. h 1 !With most' ; praiseworthy.- 'expedition' 'Mr.'Hayter;' the; Goverrinient Statist,, has 'made public a statement of ''our ;yictorian liarvest returns'... 'The'-'sea'sbn 'has -beeri'a ^rosperouS^piie 'for! agrioulturisfa. Ther acreage pndfer ; ? oul|ivat;on' .is. ' ? larger , than! ; ia |any;f6'*ai§r*6arsi '-and 'mtbi' tm 'average^ '.((? ~*7fio:c :--'Jua; -xe, I :.i;r.;t fcotfj :,-;. ??:!)*\\-. -oi .icoitlow xto slU'.n c-^irfvr ovfroiij'.'. '?rr. ,:??. hI - ih IS Sf:v)i;)'.-:i1i'jf{ i-?nsli Aihr u)i\i\i\n'. y- jVitoflJjwt ytiod'.fl £int;ol c-'J ioviuv) im^A yield of nearly 14 bushels- of wheat, of 25 bushels of oats,' of four tons of potatoes, and a ton and a half of hay to the acre, farmers have not much; reason to grumble. But they do growl . nevertheless^ for abundance means low prices, and the 'cheap loaf' has never been a favourite cry of those 'who follow the plough.'' ? After an unprecedentodly successful run of seventy nights ' Impulse'^ has. boon withdrawn, and Miss Gone vie ve '? Ward, a star of the, first magnitude, is to make her first appearance to-night in Grove and Merivale's famous drama 'Forget-me- not.' At tho Eoyal the ' Wages of Sin' is being performed to large houses, and at the Opera Miss Juno is pleasing crowded audiences with 'Jessie Brown' in 'The relief of Lucknow.' Mr. J. L. Hall in '? Imprudence,' at the Bijou, lias been doing a satisfactory business. ? Chiarini's and St. Leon's circuses are bothiere, and consequently there is a plethora ofsaw dust and wild beasts, but both have numerous patrons. : 