' Boodsery 'ST&bber.;' A little book -has been issued under the above title from the printing establishment*! John 'Woods and Co., Bridge-street, Sydney. It contains several nar ratives and descriptive sketches written in a very interesting- style,, and, on the whole, fairly fulfils the promise conveyed in the above quoted heading, which words are, it is understood, in the lan^uasre of the aborigines, equivalent to the English expression 'good talk.' The 'Boodgery Yabber' is contri buted^ by ' Boodgery Gaws ;' the latter meaning, it is to be presumed, good fellows, or something akin to that term. The col lection begins with the story of 'Jim,' by 'Voga,'_and relates the troubles of a poor child cursed with a drunken mother. Jim's career ends on board the Ternon, consumption carrying him off in his 13th year. ' A Sound Trip,' by ' Iris,' is a brightly written account of a ghost excursion in the neighbourhood of tho Hawkesbury. 'Only Dream ing' conjures up some characteristic Hibernian figures in the Valley of the Hunter, and is full of broadly humorous touches; tho latter part of it, however, being probably suggested by a capital story in Lever's 'Charles O'Malley' — that of Mickey 1'ree's father playing cards with a ghost. ' Silent heroes of the mighty past' are recalled by a visit to the Church of England burying-ground at Windsor, one of the oldest churchyards in New South Wales. Among the curious inscriptions to be found on the tombstones there is, it appears, one .' to the memory of Private Dnnn, who was kicked out Gf this life by the colonel's horse as a ?narfc of respect.' In 'Our Spiritualistic Seance' vre learnliow-a cortaiu Sirs. Brown's attempts to hold converse with, the denizens of the invisible world were abruptly termi nated when tho spirit of Cleopatra, in answer to a question asked by the brutal husband of the former, promptly recorded that his wife's age was 54, 'Boodgery Yabber' is, in short, very pleagani Christmas reading ; and it may be worth while to add that the work is dedicated to -Sir Alfred and Lady Stephen. 