SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. ? i VICTORIAN AMATEUR TURF CLUB. SECOND DAY. BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR. SPECIAL REPORTER,) MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. Although the weather had a threatening appearance on Saturday, the sky cleared as the morning wore on, and a fine cool day made amends for the unpleasant weather on the previous Saturday The numerous trains were well crowded and excellently managed, whilst the road was patronised by vehicles of every description, and before the flag was lowered for the great event of the meeting, the crowd was the largest that was over seen at Caulfield The grand stand was not able to accommodate half its intended patrons, and now that the club has taken its place as the second best in the colony, Mr Bond must not lose time in having it extended to at least twice its present proportions His Excellency the Governor and suite were present, and the attendance was one of the most fashionable that has ever assembled in the colonies The excellent catering by Mr H Skinner reminded one of the days of yore at Randwick, when genial host O'Brien used to attend to the comforts of the inner man, and the luncheon could not have been improved upon Warnockio's military band discoursed a doleful selection of airs, but it is located too far from the grand stand to give the occupants a tendency to mel intholy-the Cup race did that most effectually Later on the Press box was rushed, and the reporters had to take their notes as best they could Miles and Tumult were the most noticeable withdrawals from the Selling Race, for which Stone Broke a brother to Ringmaster, and the in and out-running Castaway were most in favour , but Mistake, who Is by Dante, and was bred on our side, working his way to the front early in the race, won easily Ontario and Dawdler were scratched for the Hurdle Race, and GaBaher was installed first favourite, while several, guided by the scratching of Ontario, followed his stable companion Hazard, and so landed their money The some idea gave a line about the Nursery Handicap, for when Ringmaster was scratched, affectionate eyes were cast on his stable mate, The Teacher However, Violet had the honour of holding the favourlteBhip but failed to got a place, and The kicker, Wolseley, and Dusty finished a rattling race with only heads between them The J eachor w is trained by James Wilson, jun and is by Gang Forward from 1" tully Tints ful (imported), by Lecturer from Lydia, by Lacydos from sister to Stafford by Young Melbourne, and was bred by Sir Thomas Elder in South Australia. He is a good looking colt, and when a three year old, will be pounds better than anything that started The 28 numbered on the card were saddled for the Caulfield Cup The sun shone out brightly as Boolka, who was the first to leave the paddock, stepped on to the course, followed by Flying Jib Then followed a great stream of bright colours, and the two favourites were eagerly scanned Colstoun had the appearance of having undergone a thorough pi operation but the excitement caused him to sweat a little, and at the last Verity deprived him of the pride of place in the betting the lit for born o\ chance of having done a lot of Rohd work and no doubt would have been clear had not Norfolk rolled against him when half-a- mile from home Matua was rather above himself, and had a professional been in the saddle hem gh thieve seemed a place, for good horseman though Mr Inglis be over the big jumps, he has yet to learn a deal before he can hope to cope successfully with artists on the Hat Malta's performance in finishing fourth was a great o o, and must put him in the Melbourne Cup a t r long way Martini- Henri and Despot looked well but the former had a w rming bandage on his lot, which did not encourage confidence Hastings Jtiapid, Claptrap, "lately Lord Wilton, Helene, Lavington, Jjnttftloun, Yernet, Privateer, Blink Bonny, and Ringwood were not in good form and taken right through, the condition of the whole field was very good considering that it is only the beginning of the campaign Yutely cut out most of the work, attended by Lavington, Helene Rapid, find Battnilous but the grey had run himself out when half-a-mile from home, where Lavington Battalions and Rapid were also in difficulties Blink Bonny, who had held a good position all the way, ran to the front at the entrance to the straight, and turned into it with the race in hand while a great roar from the crowd proclaimed the fact that the fail notes were out of the battle, for the colours of Fryingpan, CoUtoun, Martini Henry.,, and Hastings were lost in the ruck! and little % orgy was the only one of those that had been heavily backed who hold anything like a dangerous position Unee their heads were fairly turned for home, the outsider sailed away, and Blair easing her off, She won very easily from the handsome Lord Wilton Blink Bonny is by St Albans from Medea by Peter Wilkins from Blink Bonny, by Conrad from Medora, by Little John (imported) trim Medea by Hobart from Whizug (importer's byWhnlebeno and was bred by Mr. John Field in 1 small She has started 18 times and won six races The present was the first race she over run in Victoria and her five pre\ tous victories in Tas mania were the Brighton Maiden Plate the Launceston All Aged Stakes MX furlongs, 8st 8lb in 1 minute 17 seconds beating QunAsilvor Sat 10lb and Wild Rose 7st 8lb the Hobart Goodwood Stakes, with 8st 12lbs, beating Guy 1 nu\ lUet. 10lb, and Queen 9st 2lb , The Midlands Flying Handicap, six furlongs, with Out in 1 minute 19 seconds, beating Hobart 8st 10lb and Mizpah 8st 3lb and the Hobart Birthday Cup 15 miles, with Oft 616 , beating Gumville 7st, 3lb and Sheet Anchor 9st 3lb Last season she ran second with 7st 4lb for the Derwent Plate is mile, won by King of the Vale second in the All-aged Stakes, not by Prodigal, and with 7m finished third for the Launceston Cup won by Shem Anchor "st 4lb Taken right through, her performances would not have justified any one in backing her in such a field as stripped to day, and her victory caused the great test surprise She was trained by T Wilson at Ballarat BO I that early visitors to Flemington in the morning had not a chance to Belcher in her work even had they done so it would not have their ed them, for I have it on the bofltauthont} that she was sent in several n als, and that, judged on her work her chance was a most remote one, and it is proved by the fact that 101) to i wore as plentiful as geebungs and his name was never mentioned in the paddock 'She is a fine strapping lump of a mare, but to to look at, I should never think her capable of winning a Cnulli Id Cup when pitted against such a brilliant field However, the men in all shapes, and the victory of this the greatest outsider that has come to the front for many years was most welcome to the bookmakers whose gains must amount to tens of thousands Very few laid on her, and who was generally regarded one of the least likely to win V ht-n she returned to scale there was only a faint cheer except from the men, who truly roared, not because the mare was unpopular but because the public lost all else a man I have only how to of one instance where her none has to be carried forward In the double for the Melbourne Cup, and most of the bookmakers that had doubles on the two Cups have won their money on the first event Lord Wil- ton r in a good race, and so did I ergy under difficulties, but our horses and the favourites were never in the hunt after a mile and a quarter in boon travelled She was a t even made the heroine of a dream and when the numbers went up Heads went down, and disappointment was plainly written upon almost every case the day before the race Blink Bonny was put up for auction, but the reserve of FROG prevented her from changing hinds, and there was only one bid The race was the fastest yet run for a Caulfield Cup for it should be remem bered that the e out no is a very slow v one when compared to It and wick, Hawkesbury, or I love ington Irloudloss was the e all males and for the Slooulocl ago for which he was particularly well in, and Marquis of Waterford was made first for quite "Wvmltt made the running until he refused at the back of the course, when she went to the front but Straggler joined him in the straight, and won a great race by a head St John, who was brother to lump "soap, was made a great favourite for the Windsor H mdicup but failed to get a place and Mozart, shoeing Hop to some time when he likes, won easily The racing was not so interesting as that on the Guineas Day, and the following is a description of each event - SELLING RACE of 100 nova -5 furlongs Mr A Sneiui b Mistake by Dmte-Stoolidove, S years, "st (Brown 1 Mr J J < owner s Castaway 5 years The only (Cracknell) 2 Mr L O «en s Mine lit oil 3 learn Sat The (liner) 3 Mr A Weib'lolesta 6 years 7st kill (M able ) 0 Mr 1 lorn s Tell late cool st lb (M Grant) 0 Hon W 1 Milson's Northern Light, 1 years, 7st 4lb (M Dow all) 0 Mr D llob rtion s Hannibal aged 76 (Nicholson) 0 I Mr B Miller's flew e Town 4 last, year's list (Old) 0 Mr W Calvert A jun traffic needs, Out 111 (Wilton) 0 Mr J Wlilttlntrl am f Achmet, 2 years Cat 4lb (Guy) 0 Mr S Miller's !. li 3)enritlst 111 (M'lntoah) 0 Bett ng 2 6 2 each v Stone Broke and Castaway, i tor Hannibal and Mistake b to 11 by offer. the start was not a good one, and Stone Broke and Tell Tale got a considerable advantage, but, as soon as they got going, Hannibal took up the running, and led for a couple of furlongs when Mistake joined him, and they raced round the bend and into the straight together Hannibal then cried enough, and retired in favour of Castuwai who came home well, but was unable to catch Mistake, and the son of Stockdove won comfortably by nearly a length Stone Broke cause obtain at the finish, but could not get closer than three lengths to Castaway, and after him Hannibal, Achmet, and Pim, with Northern Light and fell into the last minute 6 seconds SECOND HURDLE RACE, a handicap sweepstakes of 3 sons each, with 100 BOYS added, I miles Mr A Sullivan s Hazard 1 years, lost his (King) 1 iron W Pearson's Qaeallcr, 5 years, lost, 1 lib (Lnpit) 2 Hon. W Pearson s Rattler Ojeara 9st 7lb (M Finlay) 8 Mr P V nlloce a Don Quixote, 0 years, Uat Dib (Mr 'W Glasscock 0 Mr A Waugh's Mitotlor, read, 10st 10lb (Allen) 0 Mr J. Inglis'Sundowner nereid lust 7lb Mr J Inglis) 0 Mr J Simson's Sinking Fund, 5 years, lost his (Burden) 0 MT It. Griffith's Scobeloff, aged 10st 5lb (Hussey) 0 Mr, J M Grade s Tuntaliecr 0 yours 10 t 21 (Croker) 0 Mr- H. Pegler' Fishhook, lated, 9st, 10lb (Murdoch) 0 Mr D. Davis' Ditto, 4 years 9st lb (Ferguson) 0 Betting 3 to 4 v Greater, i to 1 v Scobeloff, 6 to 1 v. Hazard and Don Quixote, 6 to to 10 1 v. any other Tantuliscr and Gassliek' were the first iff. while Matador remained at the post TnntaliBor then took up the running, attended by Fishhook Scobeloff, Hazard and Sundowner, who were racing in a cluster, with Ditto last Tantaliser led Sinking Fund a length past the post, Scobolofr, I fish-hook Gasalier and Hazard following pretty closely After rounding the turn Hazard M one up third, and C Salter ran into fourth place However a quick change took place after the next jump had been first behind, for Cxobolott ran to the front and led along the back of the course by the of lengths, followed by Gasuher and Hazard, who were well clear of Sinking Fund Rattler and Fishhook Gasalier went in pursuit of Scobeloff who three quarters of a mile from home, and settling his prisoners after a sharp tussle, led him and Hazard into the straight Scobeloff retired at the diste crop, and Laird coming on like a racehorse out Faced Gus chair and be it him e a fly at the end by three lengths Rattler finished about the same distance from the favourite, and was succeeded by Scobeloff, Sundowner, Don Quixote and Sinking fund while Ditto was beaten a long way Time 4 minutes 2 seconds NURSERY HANDICAP, a sweepstake of 3 sovs each, with 100 SOVS added, for two-year olds 4 furlongs Mr. A Robertson who Teacher, b) Gang 1 forward Emily Faithful Bit 5lb (Moore) 5 . J Money's Wolseley, by the Drummer Proserpine (Nicholson) " , Mr J Whittingham's Costs, by Argus Stfandol-Atalanta. 8st 8lb (G Williams) ' T Jones's First Pop by King Cole, 8st 8lb (J Williams) Mr J Her] crew Violet, by St Albans Horticulture, Best (Lib (Blair) Mr i tozer e Westminster, by Newminster Merino. 8st 4lb (M Grant) Hon W Pearson's DanBOUso, by Goldsbrough Maritana 8st Jib (Power) J Mitchell's Merry Christmas, by Glorious-tatherino Seyton, 7st 12lb (Nerrlcker) Mr W A Filgate's Delomia, by Countryman Delemere, 7st 8lb (Weasel) Sir W Clarke's Chablis, by Bordeaux Kate, 7st 5lb (Gaghan) Mr S Miller's Narroweon, by Lady Kirk Elf, 7st Jib (Olds) Mr C Hart's Bullfinch, by High links Jenny Lind, 8st. lb (Lofiurch) Hon W Pearson's Gasbumcr, by Angler- Gasoline, 7st, 10lb (Kllhv) Betting 3 to 1 v Violet, 4 to 1 v Danseuse and The Teacher, 6 to 1 to 10 to by any other From the stand the staff appeared to be a. had one, but it may be that the angle made it look so Ganburnor jumped off clear of everything with First Pop next, but after they had gone a short distance Hoists and Violet appeared at the front with Delenda and Wolseley ivory cle se attendance and The Teacher a couple of lengths away In waiting "WOIBOIBJ joined Oclnta. and Violet at the home turn, and Violet melting away the pair settled down to finish, while the teachers the right was rapidly overhauling them Wht n 100 yards from home, for three were locked together, and so few) raced to the post The Teacher just getting up in the last stride mourning by a head from wolseley, who boat Ocicto by half a head for second place Violet was four lengths away fourth, and then came Dan sense Dtlemia, and First Pop while Bullfinch Gas burner and Merry Xmas were the last home I ime, 69 seconds IHB C VULVIELD Cor a handicap of 2000 sovs , 1300 SOVS of the said sum to go to the first horse in addition to a trophy value 200 guineas, the gift of Mr Matthew O'Shanassy 600 tons to the second, and 200 Sovs. to the third is mile 137 subscribers Mr It Teilbot's Bl nk Ronny by St Albans Medea, 6 years, 7st Dib (Blair) Mr F Ellis b Lord Wilton, by Countryman Instep, 4 years 6st 111 (Walker) 2 Mr. I Lung s VoigT, by German di ^ ergy Kitty, 4 years 7st 7lb (Robertson) Mr J Input's Matua, ii years 9st 7lb (Owner) lion 1 W White's Martini Henry, 4 years 9st 4lb (sales) is n W Pearson's Fryingpan a years, 7st 3lb (Power) Mr E Keys' Rapids years (Ino riding 7lb penalty), fist Tib (Gallagher) a Mr T Sampson's Hastings, 6 years (Including 7lb penalty), 8st 4lb (M Grade) 0 Mr H I takings Ringwood, years, 8st 2lb F Kelly) 0 Hon J White's Despot 5 -years 8st 2lb (Fills), 0 Miss Miller's Boolka 5 years 8st lib (Carroll) 0 Mr D Wallacia O ipri years "7st 10lb (Trahan) 0 Mr McRobertson Colstoun 5 years 7st 111 (O Brien) 0 Mr Loughlin H Britisher years 7st 111 sLoley) 0 Mr M Grafton s Battailous S years (11 eluding jib penalty), Jet. oil WIFe. MOBO i) 0 Mr J Whittingham s Claptrap 5 years, 7st 7lb (G Williams) 0 Mr J Wilson's jun .CiMjcutuie 3 years 7st 7lb (Moore) 0 Mr A Sullivan's safely age 1, 7st tub (Hutchins) Q lion XV Pearson a husband 6 i yrs 7st 8lb (O Wilson) 0 Mr J Redfearn e Dene! Or, 4 years 7st 8lb (Nicholson) 0 Mr A Smart Salvation 4 years 7st (Gough) 0 Mr li Wilson's Signor 4 years 6st 111 (J Williams) 0 Mr J Reid s norfolk, 6 years 6st 10lb (Will this) 0 RirW T. Clarke Vernet, 4 years flat I lib (Cope) 0 Mr O Hart's The Agent, 6 am fist 111 (Finnigan) 0 Mr W Gray i, Flying Jib 0 rears 6st 10lb (Smilers) I 0 Messrs Robertson Brothers Iitleno 3 FREE 8st 10lb 3 Mr C Bowman's Lavington, 8 years, first 10lb (Vicaiol) 0 Betting 7 to 2 v Verge 8 to 1 v Colstoun, 12 to 1 v Martini-Henry, Tri ashpan, Bend Or, and Hastings, 20 to be Malua, Claptrap, Norfolk, "Vainly, 25 to by Lord "Wilton, 60 to 1 v Blink Bonny, and 83 to 60 to by any others After a couple of failures caused by the anxiety of Iron hand to begin Mr Watson lowered his flag to a grand start, the column moving from the mark almost in line Privateer was the first to show but was steadied, and Lavington taking up the running led Lately two lengths past the stand, and near to the latter came Bnttailoua Rapid, norfolk, Signor Army and Vernet, followed by a great crowd, which was headed by Privateer, Martini-Henry and Blink Bonny, filth Malula and IboAg at last "W here for strides further on, a scream of excitement came from the stand as the crimson jacket and while cap borne by Signor was seen to disappear, and the jockey rolled over against the rails just in time to escape cert lin donth from the thundering SKENE that followed When half way up the hill, Yately dashed to the front and led to the back of the course his length, while 1 avington, Battailous rapid and Blink Bonny and the closely packed field, the last of which were the Agent and Bend Or Desiring to make the most of his position, Yately caution the running at his best pace, and when seven furlongs from home he had increased his advantage to three or four lengths, and there was not the slightest sign of his firing A great heap followed him, bonded by Bay rd, Bat tailor, I Lavington, and Helene, who wore clear of Lord Wilton, Blink Bonny, Fryingpan, and "A orgy Coulston and Martini Henry were buried in the ruck with Hastings, and even at this early stage it was clear that their chances were hopeless AB they made for the bend Mains, on the outside, began to work his way for said and made the pace a great deal more severe The first flight hege n to draw in on A lately when the sod wall was posted, but the grey, answering a call Horn Hutchins, drew away again, and he backers began to hope that he would never be caught As they 1 battled their way towards the homestead launches gave way and Helene, leaving the others went out after Ya old, and getting on terms, the pair raced round the corner t gether but Blink Bonny having shaken off the others now put in a determined claim and Lord Wilton running through hishotBesnttendcd by Vergy, who had been knocked against by Norfolk at the half-mile post also pick up a dangerous position The real struggle was nowhere, for Yately was fast dying away and the crowd looked and shouted in vain for the favourites, but none of their colours except those of Vergy were in the first flight Friiippun made one brave effort as Malua passed Win on his way to join the lo dies, and then the weight found in a out, and he had to be added to keep his place Martini Henry, Doaptt and cuttings were in trouble j Rapid MUS still lighting the battle in all its bitterness but had reached the length of his tether and Colstoun was struggling hopelessly in the centre of the ruck Here Battailuus, who had been running well suddenly collapsed and sought refuge in the luck Coming with a wet sail, Blink Boy filled To lately half a length into the straight and close upon them came Lord Wilton against the rails attended by Rapid, who after one In in effort cried enough One of at the front Blink Bonny o nearer to the head, and Lately, shutting up when caught, disappeared from the first lot Lord Wilton and Vergy made great efforts in the straight, but the Tas mania has them at her money, and fairly romped home a winner by two lengths which she could have increased to half a dozen Lord "W Upon beat Norway by a length for second place, and Maine v he came very fast from the home turn, Finished on Vtigi'n girths fourth Then on close terms came Helene, £1 pair IF Rapid "i surely Frvinppan Colstoun Norfolk, Martini Henry Lavington, and Capri, while the boat to finish with the Agent and Bend Or Time, 2 minutes 40 seconds The following is a list of winners of the Caulfield Cup landed- a .X'Fl Borso 1 Players A |\\\"Ef7Hmo 1878 1882 1883 1884 1882 1883 1884 Newminster the Mruquia-Spa I am Kirk Lady Kirsop Blue Ribbon DerW-Dercliot M Lester ivcnuliJullan Avenel-Lady Wallaroo Little Jack King a. Cole Charade Cain a PV attendances lou Pride hills I Bonny 'St Alban senseless 3 45 2 284 '2 30 'P M 2 4 2 42 3 400 shoe laces marked * was a rule and a quarter and a distance There were two Caulfield Cape in 1681, one in the autumn, and another in the spring OPEN STEEPLECHASE, a handicap sweepstakes of 7 sovs each, with 200 added About 2 miles Mr F Leek s Straggler. "Red 9st 5lb (Allen) Mr It Falkiner's Eel of age 1 10st 8lb (Keating) 2 Mr S Wilson al) remark aged, lOst filly (Circe) 8 Mr W Wells Marquis of Waterford, aged list 8lb. (M Gowan) 0 Mr O H IT IS Chuter agreed last. 4lb (Dally) 0 Mr M Loughlin sFmo upon list 3lb (Corrigan) 0 Mr J Tolano B 1 nxaruxacum, age of lOst 121 (Chostin) 0 Mr G Glas cock's Morlpa aged 10st Jib (Enderson) 0 Mr W Power's candles 0 years lOst iib 0 Mr It Bßttl'ßDeceiTer aged 10st 4lb (Batty) 0 Miss I Irymple B Goodwood famous 10st 4lb (Carey) 0 Mr S Miller s Wymlet 8 years Out 10lb 3 Betting 3 to 1 v Marquis of Waterford 4 to 4 v same 2 To 1 each v Deceiver, Moolpa, and Chester , 7 to loache Straggler and 1 axaraxacum Moolpa and Fame jumped the (I st fence together attended by Decolvor, Wymlet, Chester and Southey sailed over the other two fences in front of the stand Wymlet then took up the running and led along the his k of the course, followed by Deceiver, the Marquis of IA i Norford 1 ama and Denmark Marquis of Waterford showed the way rest the stand for the second time with Dean ark and Fine almost on terms and followed by Wymlet Mt Olga Echo Dcceivor, Struggler and Chester Wymlet again took up the running after topping the hill, but ran round the fence at the back of the course, and Marquis of Waterford was left in command His reign, however, was short, for almost immediately Boho ran to the front, and led over the sod wall by three lengths, and Straggler, running through his horses joined Fame, and the pair based the leader to the last fence Fame then cried enough, as did also the Marquis of a waterford, and Denmark went on third Soho just led Straggler into the straight, when a grand race ensued. All the way home and raced stride for stride to the post, and Struggler won a great race by a head. Denmark was third, a dozen lengths away, and then followed Fame, Taxarasacum, Cheetor, Decoiver, Marquis of Waterford and Goodwood. Moolpa fell at the back of the course. Time, 6 minutes 37 seconds. The WINDSOR HANDICAP, a sweepstakes of 3 Sovs, each, with 100 added ; nix furlongs. Mr. W. Field's Mozart, by Napoleon-Queen Mary, 3 years, 7ft. (Flanagan) 1 Mr. C. Flemming's Hurricane, 4 years. 8st. 10lb, (Smith! 3 Mr. G. Ware's Irralro", 6 years, 8st. 12 lb. (Kilby) 3 Mr. T. M'Ellistcr's Royal Irishman, 6 years, 8st. 10lb. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's Ironmaster, 5 years, 8st. 8lb. (G. Williams) 6 Mr. J. Folilobam's Maroney, 6 years, 8st, 7th, (Troy). 0 Mr. H. Falkiner's Meteor, 3 years, 8st. 5lb. (Moore) . 0 Mr. J. Field's The Ghost, aged, 8st. (7 Williams) 0 Mr. J. Cowell's Sirocco, 3 years, 7st. 3lb (Robertson). 0 Mr. J. Bedfoara'a Madge, 4 years, 7st. 5lb, (Nicholson) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's Ironhand, 3 years, 7st. 4lb. (2. Williams),.. 3 Mr. K. Button's King Charles, 6 years, 7st. 4lb. (Marr). 0 Mr. R. Betty's Dmherto, 4 years, 7st. 4lb. (Malone) . 0 Mr. A. Ilsrvcy'B Middlemarch, 4 years, of. Mrs. (Murphy! ... 0 Mr. J. Boobier Lucky Hit years, 7st. 3lb. (Anwin). 0 Mr. A. Smart's Ncploalllna, 3 years, 7st. 3lb. (though) ... 0 Mr. 0. Hart's St. John, 4 years, 6st. 111. (Walker) . 0 Mr. W. Calvert's, jun.. Permit, 4 years,, 9st. lb. (wilton) ... 0 Messrs. Wilson's Prodigal, 4 years, 7st. 6th. ( Williamson) 0 Betting: 5 to 2 v. St. John; 8 to 1 each v. Prodigal, Irmlee, Maroney and Middlemarch; 10 to 20 to 1 v. any other. Ironmaster jumped off in command, attended by Prodigal and Meteor, and the latter led into the straight, but had no sooner done so than Mouart came out, and, holding his own without an effort won easily by two lengths, leaving Hurri- cane und Irralco to follow with a head between them. After them came St. John, The Ghost and Ironmaster. Time, 1 minute 17 seconds. 