ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ??'? ..';?.': ?:-???- (By, The Ghost.) ? ~ The:Legislative Council has at last dis posed of the Mining on Private Property' Bill, and sent the measure to the Lower House,: whichif it be wise, will accept the half-loaf' rather .than to continue. to go without any brea'd at- all as it' has done for the last 30. years.. But then the Assembly is not always. wise, and there is' the chance that alterations :.may be made' in which 'their Lordships' will not concur, and that the past history of the bill may repeat itself' and'end in the waste-paper basket, ' where it will join its 26 predecessors 'lost arid gone before it.' . . ? ?:?; ?; . ? -In the Assembly, Mr. Mirams's fad of leasing all the unalienated land still re maining in ' Victoria ; Aas received- its quietus, ; after a' tedious and unprofitable amount of talk that caused most honour able members to experience a sense of weariness in coinparison with wliich Mariana's ' feelings in the moated grange must have been obstreperously lively. But the flpod of talk still 'runs niuddily along, showing but small signs of diininution, and unless ; checked by the Premier promises, like -the laureate's much^quoted river, to 'go on for ever.' The measure is now in committee,: where, at its present rate of progress,, it is likely to remain for a con siderable time -to come, for the chairman in nis everyaay garo, sitting, at the head or the table, is a far less imposing personage than the bewigged and. begowned Speaker, and his frequent calls to order have not the same effect on the rowdy members of ' the people's chamber' as' the voice of Mr. Lolor in enforcing decorum in debate. If the Ministry keep their team up to the collar, there -is a chance of their Land Bill' being made law about Christmas time.- But if theydo not hold a tight rein, the Greek Kalends is the most appropriate 'date to give for the passing of the '-Magnus opus' of the session;, . ? ? . ? ' For. the Land Bill has been promoted to the first rank of the sessional measures vice the Railway Bill, deposed from the pride of place it once occupied; and the'Local Option Bill' shelved until a more con venient season. This last piece of legisla tion is a very lion in the pathway Of the Government, and will prove when it comes on for 'discussion one of the most flaming of burning questions. , There is sure tobe. on the matter a triangular dual in which those who go in for improving the publican out of existence, those who desire to effect a reformation of a milder character, and those who desire .to leave things as they are willbe the'priricipals; and as between even, two iBtools there is a chance of grief, so' between three the ? chanc6s are very muchienhanced, and Mr. Service, knowing this, is arixipus to pursue a Gladstonian do nothing attitude, in which he opines safety lies. .?:??'?.???!'.'. '?'..-.?.? ?'' ':''.. ':.-?- :, !l ?? .' '? ' All the promised social legislation is also tb-go by the -board. The 'larrikins' are tobe respected for 'another twelvemonth, and the morality of Collins-street to remain for the present undisturbed. 'Does all' this .postponement, of law-making. mean noth ing?, ; Or :db;Mr. Service'and liisstoong Government foresee their doom.and with the ?fear of dissolution at no. distant date before their- eyes; act upon the axiom aprs nous le dclifffe,?/. The; Ministry, however, show no , dispositions. to ?precipitato the catastrophe. On the, con trary, they display an. anxiety to niake things smooth, which is, to say I the least' of it; very1 undignified.'' Wlib,'. for instance, under responsible,, govern-- inent, ever 'heard of Ministers jourrioying ? into the country, to appear on the platform of a meeting convened by a member of the Opposition in order to ' explain' and ex press the willingness of the Government to make 'any concessions demanded', in an important bill ? Or where cari another in stance be^found of a,Chief Secretary writ ing to the chairman, of a public meeting,, .informing him in the politest of terms and. mildest of language that the views he : held in regard to the policy of. the Govern- - inent were mistaken ones, and that himself and his colleagues, were really .the 'true-, friends of , the people,' despite! ', all their opponents could say about them.. .Yet this... has been done; How sweet place and pay must be in order to induce politipiarisiq.be guilty of such meanness ! . Howis it done ? ' . This is the questiori evorybno'ia I propound ing, and to which no one appears able to--; giro a satisfactory reply. . Mr.: Bent has' just purchased a palatial residence with . some -t0 acres of garden\ for the sum of .£12,000 cash. Not. a dozen years agb;the honourable gentleman was. rate collector in Brightonat a salary of ;62dO per annum.. I i Since -then, it is true he has received his montlily cheque for, £25 as a member of the Legislature; arid has for' two short, periods been a Minister of the.Crbwn.with a salary of' .£1500 per annum. Biis wealth cannot have ?been' made out of the' contract for furnish- ? ing ballast for the Brighton Railway, for ? that was 'exclusively Mrs. Bent's specula-. .'. tion,' undertaken of. course , without the ' sanction or knowledge of her husband,then '. Commissioner of Railways, Nor can 'it ',? have been the' nibriey' made out of what is historically known, .as ' .' the Kisrisingfon Hill' job. Certain it is,'too, that the.pro-; V duction of cabbages, the occupation affected by Mr. Bent,' when not; engaged, in the '.'.' business of the State, is not aPac'tolus. And hence the query— yet unanswered— , How is it done ? There is evidently 'a. royal 'road to wealth; '; known only to the; initiated legislator'. '.:. '.?.'?..?:? When some coioriial.Pepys takes to' poi',- ,. traying 'ye manners' arid 'customs of ye Victorians in 1884,' he . will doubtless place on record' the, fact that in rthat year . of grace a number of publicaris, in meeting ' assembled,, seriously. warned the police au- : ' thorities that in future, ' they, intended strictly observing ' the law in regard tb Suriday trading.' The next thirig'we'may ; ? expect to hear ia . that ;the piclcpockets of, Melbourne will notify -to the detectives that in future they intend to live as' res-. ' pectable members of society. ' -V ? '? ''?;,' The honeymoon— if the term may ori!so: improper an occasion be properly used— ? of the gallant! captain ' of 'the , Salyatibn .. Army and the Hallelujah lass who eloped' ,' from New Zealand was -iD'nch of the nature . : , ' '.' of that of the dorikey's gallop,' which is - , said to be ' short and sweet.' On arrival ' 6f:the 'happy pair' the young lady was. seized an_d escorted tb the house of a relative, and the gay Lothario, , who, had been 'isolated' , during, the voyage,. ? ' placed under' arrest,' and.lef t to ruminate- ,;\ upon the truth of the proverb anent the' many slips that occur, between the cup and . . ' the lip. His wife has now arrived in: Victoria, and this may perhaps account for the fact that the 'major' has shown sincere' sieros of reDentance. and has.. vowed' never again even to look, at'a pretty ; v Hallelujah lass. * ~ '' ,,.\: ', ','. ';. Is it not somewhat strange -that' there- ; should be so many eager applicants for the , (Office of finiBher of the law ? No less th'an three applications for the position of hang- ? manVwere received 'as soon as it became - known that Colonel Rede, the Sheriff, had : \ reported TTpjohn for inefficiency. It is not,' ' perhaps, so much the six. shillings a day the incumbent of the office receives, as the '??'?. honour of becoming a Government official' . that tempts aspirarits to come forward. .. ' ' Jane Shore,' a drama in which history . is defied 'by' the author, still holds the., boards at the Royal, with Miss Genevieve Ward in the title role. ?' The dresses by , Worth of Paris' are doubtless the source' „ of attraction to the ladies who attend the'' : performance. Iri regard to the sterner ; portion of the audience, it, is difficult 'to- find' wherein; for them the: cliarm of ;the play resides. At the Princess the interest, in ; Godfrey's comedy of '.the Parvenu , is increasing nightly, and the piece appears ' set for a good run. At the Bijou Miss; : Emelie Melville fin. opera-bouffe marohes. from success to success, while at the opera Mr. Henry Irving is preducirig Romeo and Juliet to appreciative audiences. Chiaririi's: circus takes its departure early next week.: August ; 30/ ., . ,. ... .. ... 