DR. MOORHOUSE ON CHRIST'S TEACHING. THE following correspondence has appeared in the Argus :— To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,—Having read the brilliant leotures recently delivered by the Bishop of Melbourne, I willingly acknowledge the pleasure derived from the wealth of words, the riches of ornate rhetoric, with whioh these leotures abound. But while the ears are filled with " the enticing words of man's wisdom," the heart, " with whioh we believe unto righteousness, is left to desire the "form of sound words," which is so sadly wanting in a vacuous waste of Rabbinical lore, and to shrink from the doubts suggested by the attenuated dootrine artfully shrouded in a glittering veil of sonorous amphibology. The subject matter of this dootrine is a vital truth whioh affects the most profound and most lasting interests of all the children of Adam. The mystery of the Incarnation is the sun and centre of all revealed religion, and of all human redemp • tion, radiating from the Cross on Calvary, illuminating the whole expanse of revelation, reflecting its light upon the promise in Paradise, and projeoting its rays to the valley of Jehosophat, where the Son of God " shall oome to judge the quiok and the dead." This far-reaching .-all-absorbing truth is a most essential- dogma of Christian faith, for " he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God;" and therefore it must be taught with the most unequivooal clearness, and believed with the most undoubting faith. I feel, then, demanded of conscience, stimulated by the force and the majesty of truth, and urged by the interests of oommon Christianity, to protest' against the shadowy views of the eloquent bishop, and to proclaim the orthodox doctrine so explicitly and emphatically taught by the Scriptures, the symbols, and the articles of his own ohuroh. In his leoture of the 13th inst.. Dr. Moorhouse undertakes to define the Incarnation, and its object, the Atonement. "What," he asks, " is the Incarnation, but simply the fatherly love of God bending down to seek His child ? What is the Atonement but that same love, lifting up the lame and guilty child to seek his descending Father ? The ultimate force and being of the universe is our Father." Is not this Unitarianism, for it excludes the Son, who is equal to the Father in all things, coeternal and consubstantial, " by whom all things were made, and without whom was not anything made that was made." And what a vague jejune notion of the Incarnation is presented to us: the love of the Father revealed in "a Galilean peasant, whom all knew to be unlearned, winning trath;" and therefore ignorant of it until He won it, though He was the God of all truth, "the true light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world." To the bishop's reason "there is but one possible answer to give as to the solution of the mystery of this exceptional achievement—the nature of our Saviour was other than ours." Would not His divine nature throw a flood of light on the mystery and make the achievement a very easy one ? This is the solution which I expected to find in the lecture of yesterday, but have been lamentably disappointed. The subject is dexterously ignored; and no where, not even onoe, is Christ spoken of as the Son of God, having the same divine nature as His Father. He is merely presented to us, after the manner of Rénan, as a great reformer who gives a new meaning to old precepts and observances. He is called ' our Lord," and nothing else, throughout; and the meaning of this is determined by the context. We are told of " His exegetical skill," of "the wonderful taot and readiness whioh arose from the oertainty of His intuition," of "His own intuitional allowance," of "the spirit of the Father whioh is within Him," of " His divinely enlightened oonsoioueness," of " His intimate and oomplete knowledge of the mind of the Father, by whioh he oould discern aoonrately." Now, if the Son of God, who was God the' Son, equal to his Father in all things, having the same substanoe and the same nature, who waB " full of grace and of truth," only acquired his knowledge by " intuition," by " enlightenment," by" discernment," then " our Lord" was not God. All this phraseology reoalis to mind the equivocations of the Arians of the fourth century, who were willing to call "onrLord" anything but the right thing r and who were anathematised in a oonnoil aooepted even by Protestants as definitively authoritative. It was there defined that" our Lord Jesus Christ was the only begotten Son of God, oonsubstantial with the Father, and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made Man." This is the true, and the only true definition of the Incarnation. And the Atonement does not mean " the lifting up the lame and guilty child to seek his descending Father," but it means that the God-man, Jesus Christ, was lifted up on the cross " to bear the sins of many." This is the true orthodox doctrine of the Incarnation and the Atonement contained in the Scriptures and expounded in the creeds which the Bishop of Melbourne is bound by his office to believe and to teach. Doctor Moorhouse quotes Keim and Renan with approbation. They belong to that school of rationalists, Kant and Hegel, Fichte and Baur, Reuss and Strauss, et hoc genus omne, who deride and deny all revealed religion. Two of them, the Coryphoei of all these worthies, Straus and Renan have written each a Life of Christ, wherein He is represented as a mere man, who, though a great reformer, a moral teacher—illustrating His doctrine by His own exalted example, a great philosopher—perfecting, by the reglious tone which He introduced, the philosophy. of Socrates and the science of Aristotle, was, in the words of Renan, "elevating Himself to the highest summit of human greatness," but still was only a mere man of the same nature as other men. He was only somewhat greater and better than Zoroaster or Confucius, Mohammed or Sakya-Mouni, General Booth or Joe Smith. I write down this blasphemy with repugnance and apprehension ; and most earnestly hope that the good bishop, who is such an admirer of the German philosophers, does not sympathise with their impious opinions. It may be presumed, I venture to think, that St. John the Evangelist, the beloved disciple, the friend and familiar of his Master, knew the teaching of Christ, what was said by Him and of Him, and the aggregate concordant meaning of all these expressions at least as well as Doctor Moorhouse. In the initial verses of his first epistle he tells us of the ample and intimate opportunities whioh he enjoyed of knowing the nature and the teaching of the Word of Life. " That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, whioh we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of Life (for the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us) ; that whioh we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us, and truly our fellowship is with the Father and with His Son Jesus Christ." With this familiar knowledge he enjoyed also the advantage of knowing all that had been previously written of our Lord by the other evangelists, who wrote before he did, and the prophets of the Old Testament. He knew of the Shiloh of Jaoob, of the Star of Balaam, of the weeks of Daniel, of the Emmanuel of Isaias, and of the other less notable prophesies of the anoient soriptures. He knew also of the testimony of the Baptist—" I saw, and bear reoord that this is the Son of God. Behold the Lamb of God1" He knew of the voioe from heaven at the baptism in the Jordan—" This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." He knew of the oonfession of Peter at Cassarea Philippi—'' Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God."' He knew and heard with his own ears the reply whioh Christ himself made to the adjuration of Caiaphas—" I adjure thee by the living God that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God." And he answered, "Thou hast said." He knew all this and muoh more, whioh I pretermit to avoid prolixity. And how did he understand, how did he interpret it ? In the first ohapter of his magnifioent gospel he summarises and sublimates it all with majestio simplicity. He utters no uncertain sonnd, but peals forth a clear, loud, ringing trumpet blast. Soaring upon eagle pinions to the very throne of God he proolaims, "In the beginning Was the'Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. . . . And.the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us (and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father) full of grace and truth." He, then, who was made flesh and dwelt among us was the only begotten of the Father, the Word who was God. This apostle of love, whose writings are characterised by peaceful gentleness, uses against those who maydeny this truth, language whioh, for him, is signifioantly strong. In the seoond ohapter of his first epistle he asks—" Who is a liar but he who denieth that Jesus is the Christ P He is antichrist that denieth the Father and the Son. Whosoever- denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father." In the fourth ohapter he declares that " every spirit that oonfesseth not that Jesus is oome in the flesh is not of God." And again, " God sent His only- begotten Son into the world that we might five through Him." In the fifth ohapter he asks, "Who is he that overoometh the - world but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God P" and he adds —" There are three that bear reoord in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost; and these three are one." In the Apooalypse he proolaims the Lamb of God to be '•" King of Kings and Lord of Lords';" "Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, the Almighty." What a different pioture of the Inoarnation is this from the frigid, colourless abstraction presented to us by Dr. Moorhouse. Here we have the canvas glowing with life, glistening with the radiance of truth, projeoting before us the God-Man as a living, loving, lifegiving personality; the Word made Jlesh, dwelling among us; the Emmanuel, God with us. ;.'...<- This sublime dootrine is formulated for TUB with preoision and minuteness in the creeds, which are aooepted as the standard of Christian faith. Let me here observe that the eighth artiole of the Anglican Oonfession of Faith declares that "the three oreeds— Nioene Oreed, Anthanasius' Oreed, and that whioh is oommonly oalled the ApostljBB*. Oreed—ought thoroughly to be reoeived and believed, for they may be proved by . most certain warrants of holy soriptures." With such warrant, then, the Apostles' Oreed teaohes us to " believe in, God the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ His only Son our Lord, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost, aud born of the Virgin Mary.',* He then, who was born of the Virgin Maty, Jesus Christ, was the only Son of God the Father Almighty. The Nioene Creed is more explanatory, In order to confound and oondemn Ariamsm;—< I believe in one God, the Father ;Akaighty . . . and in . one Itori, Jesus Christ, thu only-begotten -Son- of M ' ^^^l^f^l Father before Allagw, jGcfl'&fW;*^™ rf light, true God o F W t e & m * made, oonsubstantial With tbTsvT^ whom all things were ma^ffr * men, and for our J« i heaven, and was incarnuL k ,?^ Ghost ot the Virgin K 6 ^ man." One would hsS57Cl 2* thing mow formal oZld £ But advancing errors made it EE**- to be more expHoil stUi T. 5 M E«MT of Saint Athanarius, tte'docW™?'^ down so as to defy a l duXu, . ^ soever will be Lei: Z o ^ ^ JLA,.'"*!"* Oatholio faith. . that AJ>A he "«. boid^ ""'jf faith is this:-That we ^ i f l j ^ 4 1,1 Trinity, andTrinity in Unitv-Wifrt. founding the Person's: norZiaSg te' stance. For there is,one « Father, and another of tteSonTd ° of the Holy,Ghost. . . JwCm,^' necessary to everla 9ting%afvatS?» also believe rightly the Inoamatio nof,n Lord Jesus Christ. For the ri Kht to, ™ that we believe and confess: tw 0„ r"j Jesus Christ, the Son of God i» a„, Man: God of the Substance o the fl^4 begotten before the worlds; and Man fc Substanoe of his Mother, bom in'ftfJLJj 9 Perfect God and Perfect Man: of a ble soul and human flesh subsisting: eonalt the Tather, as touching his Godbead/K fenor to the Father as touching his Manho^ Who although he be God and Man^yeS not two but one Christ; one not bv thecot. version of the Godhead into flesh • bat W the taking of the Manhood into Godaltogether not by confusion of Snbatwci' but by unity of Person. For as the,reason ab(e soul and flesh is one man, so.&od; wul Man is one Christ. . . This is the Gatho. lio faith; whioh except a man believe, lailh. fully he oannot be saved." .• '. ' Such is the minute unequivooal testimony of the oreeds, to which I may add, for the speoial attention of Dr. Moorhouse, the seoond artiole of his religion, whioh reads thus:—" The Son, Whioh is the Word of tha Father, begotten from everlasting of the Father, the very and eternal God, and of the one substanoe with the Father, took Man's nature in the womb of the blessed Virgin and of her substance; so that two whole arid perfeot natures, that is to say, the Godhead and Manhood, were: joined Person, never to be divided, whereof is one Christ, very God and very Man; who truly suffered, was ornoified, dead, and buried, to reoonoile His Father to us, and to be a'saorifloe not only for original guilt, but also for til aotual sins of men." Now, may I remind the: Jiishopof Melbourne, of just one other t&ing.;, When he was oonsecrated to "his high offioe the officiating prelate asked him two questions Bet down in'the ordin&tlon; servioe of theAnglioan ritual: " Will you faithfully exercisejonrself in the Holy Soripturefc, and call upon God by prayer for the true und&fetanding; of the same, so that you ma$r be able by them to teach and exhort with wholesome dootrine, and. to withstand and 'convince the gainsayers?" Answer: "I ^ill so do,by thehelp of God.;' " Axe you reftdy. with All fattMal diligenoe, to banish and drive aw^y,6ll erroneous an^ strange, dootrine contrary io.God's tVord, and both privately and openly toesll upon and encourage others to the same?" Answfer: " I am ready, the Lord being my helper." " . ; The comparison, op rather the 'contrast, between the Scripture^,'' "the symbols, and the articles of the Anglican Ohuifch on the dootrine of the Incarnation^ and'the teaching of the pious bishop in Ma late' lectures obviously suggests .another';question. Have these prpmiseB t>een fulfilled ? . But I. would rather leave the answer to himself, wfule venturing to xe∈'d him of the admonition of St. Panl to, the.Galatians, " If any man preaoh any othfer gospel unto you than that ye have received,, let him be anathema, —X P J. SLATTERY. St. Mary's, Geelong, Aug. 21. 