Jad Srovnln's Account of Su- ' benstetn's Pliytoff. " Jail, they eay you Imard Rubenstein play when you wercinNew York?" " I did, in the eool." "Well, toll us all about it." " What ! me? I aright 's well try to tell you about the creation of the world." "Come, now; no mock mo lesty, Jud ; go ahead." . Well, sir, lie bad the blamedest, biggest, cattycornerdest planner you ever laid eyes on; aomethin' liko a distracted billiard-table on three legs. The liJ was hoisted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a tore the intire insides clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." " Played well, did he ?" "Yon bet he did; but don't interrupt me. When he first sat down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout playiu', and wish't he hadn't come. He tweed leeedled a little on the treble, and twoodleoodled some on the bass—just fooHu' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to the man aettin' next me, says I,' What sort of fool playin' is that ?' And he eays ' Hush !' But presently his hands began cliHsin' one 'notlier up and down the keys, like a passel of rats scaiuperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded me of a sugar squirrel turnin' the wheel of a candy cagc. "' Now,' I says to my neighbor, 1 he's a showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idea, no plan of notliin*. If he'd play a toon of some kind or other I'd " But my neighbor says ' Hush !' very impatient. " I was just about to get up and go home, bein* tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and callin* sleepy like to his mate, and I looked up and I see that Rubin waB btginnin' to \ake some interest in his business, and I set down again. It was the peep of the day. The light came faint from the east, the breeze blowed gentle and fresh, some birds wnked up in the orchard, and Bome more in the trees sear the house, and all begun 6ingin' together. People began to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms a leetle more, and it techt the rOBee on the bushes, and the nest thing it was broad day ; the eun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their throats; all the leaves was tnovin' and Sashing diamonds of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to mo like there was a good breakfast in every house in the land, and not a sick child or woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. " And I says to my neighbor,' That's music, that is." " But he glared at me like he'd like to cut my throat." " Presently the wind turned : it began to thicken up, and a kind of thick grey mist came over things; I got low- spirited directly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground ; some flashed up like long pearl ear-rings, and the rest rolled away like rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined each other at the bottom of the hill, and made a brook that flowed silent, except that you could kinder see music, especially when the bushes on the bank moved as the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing ; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing was the little white angel boy, like you see in pictures, that run ahead of the music brook, and led it on and on, away out of the world, where no man ever was—I never was, certain. I could see the boy just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on the graveyards, where some few ghosts lifted their handB and wint over the wall; and between the black sharp-topt trees splendid marble houses rose up, with line ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but never got a-nigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could 'a cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with I guitars did. Then the 6un went down, it got dark, the wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and 11 could a' got up and there and then preached a better sermon than any 1 ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, not a blamed thing, and yet I didn't want the music to stop one bit. It was happier to bs miserable, than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my bandkerchiel, and blowed my nose well to keep from cry in'. My eyes is weak anyway ; I didn't want anybody to be a gazin' at me a-snivlin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me as mad as Tucker. Then, all of a sudden, old Rubin changed his tune. He rip'd and he rar'd, and tip'd and tar'd, and he charged like the grand entry at a circu6. 'Peared to me that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and not afeor'd of nothin 1 . It was a circus, and a braes band, and a big ball, all going on at the same time. He lit into them A m able to stand it no longer, 1 jumpt up, sprang on to my seat, and jest hollared— " ' Go it, my Rube !* " Every blamed man, woman, and child in tho 1IOUB6 riz on me, and shouted, 1 Put him out! Put him out! 41 ' Put your „ gTeat-grandmother'n _ _ _ grizzly gray greenish cat into the middle of next month !' I says,' Tech me if you dare I 11 paid my money, and you jest come a- nigh me." I " With that 6ome 6ev< ral policcmen ran „p, and I had to simmer down. But 11 would a' fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Rube out or die. . . " He had changed Ins tune again. He hoplight ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to eeud of the keyboard. He pluyed 6oft, and low, and solemn. I hecrd the church bells over the bills. The candles in heaven were lit one by one ; I saw the stars rise. The great organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, end th angels went to prayers. . . . Then the music changcd to water, full of feeling that couldn't be thought, and began to drop—drip, drop, drip, drop —clear and 6weet like tears of joy fallin into a luke of glory. It was as sweet a6 a sweetheart sweetened with white sugar, mixed with powdered silver and scrd diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell you the audience cheered. Rubin, he kinder bowed, like he wanted to say,'Much obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't in terrupt me.' " lie stopped a minute or two to fetch breath. Then lie got mad. He run hi fingers through IUB hair, lie shoved up his sleeves, he opened up his coat-tails a leetle further, he drug up his stool, he leaned over, und, sir, he just went for that old pi;mni r. He slept her face, he box-id her jaws, he pulled her nose, he piaVhed her ears, aD*d he ecratched her jfce.-k till ehe fairly yelled. He knock't her down, and he stampt on her shamefully. She bellowed like a bull, she bleated like a calf, she shrieked like a | rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He " ran a quarter stretch down the low .•rounds of the bass till he got clear into the bow'ls of the earth, and you heard thunder galloping after thunder thro' the caves of perdition ; and then he fezchased his right hand with bis left until he got away but of the treble into the clonds, whar the notes was finer than the points of cambric needles, and yo couldn't hear nuthin' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let that old planner go. He for'ard two'd, -he croBs't over first lady, he balanced two pards, he chassode right and left, back to your places, he all hands'd aroun', ladies to the right, promenade all, in and out, here and there, back and forth, up and down, perpetual motion, doubled and twisted and turned and tacked and tangled into forty-'leven double bow knots. " By jings! it was a mistery. And then ho wouldn't let the old pianncr go. He fetcht up his right wing, ho fetcht up liis left wing, he fetcht up his centre, ho fetcht up his reserves. He fired by files, he fired by platoons, by companies, by regiments, and by brigades. He opened his cannon, siege guns down thar, Napoleons here, twelve-pounders yonder, big guns, little guns, middle-sized guns, round shot, shells, shrapnels, grape, canister, mortsrs, mines, and magazines, every livin' battery and bomb agoin' at the same time. The house trembled, the lights danced, tho wall sliuk, the floor come up, the ceilin come down, the sky split, the ground rockt—heaven and earth, creation, sweet potatoes, Moses, ninepences glory twopenny nails, my Mary Ann, hallelujah, Sampson in a simmon tree, Jurro8sal'm, Tump Thomson in a tumbler cart, roodle - oodle - oodle- oodle-oodle — ruddle uddle-udle-uddle — raddle addleaddle-addle— riddle iddle - idle - iddle — reetle eetle-eetlee-eetlee—p-r-r r-r-Iang! per lang! per Jang! p-r-r-r-r-lang! Ban?! " With that bang ! he lifted himself bodily into the a'r, and come down nith his knees, his toes, his ten fingers, his elbows, and his nose striking eveiy single solitary key on that pianner at the same time. The thing busted, and went off into seventeen hundred and forty-two hernidemi-semi-quavers, and T know'd no mo*. " When I come to, I were under ground about twenty foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, trealin' a Yankee that I never laid eyes on before, and never expect to agin. Day was a-breakin' by the time I got to the St. Nicholas Hotel, and I pledge you my word I did not know my name. The man asked me the number of my room, and I told hi n,' Hot music on the half shell for two.' I pintedly did."—New York Music Trade Review. 