GENERAL MISCELLANY. KEW BOÜTH WAL». A maa named Roger Carey, of Jones' Creek was arrested for sheep-stealing at Keedy Flat! While being conveyed to Tumut he fell from his horse in a sham tit. The constable ran to a Greek for water, and when he returned he found that the bird had flown, Tha^. police have been out in all rlirrrtinmi.amV' biiig for the man, but without success. Carey is an old resident, and knows every inch of the country. A notorious nany of horse-stealssa from the Snowy River Mountain» baa feen suooesfelly broken up by Senior constable Leigh-Cornett and Senior osaatahm Cade, of Michelago. Sin varuahm horses windi, were stoma from there and »M.et Tarago, nave kejm jisimli,aa»mmyadm» aealmîd to b»mi ] the trail of the smmad u auapeet.M j A ema which hm created frost publie interest m Wellington wm e^seJeml recently in, the Wett^sjäm «Has aesajt. The nahe» promcutia the aVftama Cathohe priest aaal a portion el his congi ogatiau upon the charge eTJávfctg illegally gambled ait a bazaar. TIA de- fendant swore that the bazaar was held for a charity, ria., the repairs of the Roman Catholic Church waihi The bench, by a majority, agreed with that view, and dismissed tho case. A wrestling, match between Professor Hitter sad Edward Blackburn, of Eagle- hawk, came off on Thursday April 1? in the presenceof a numerous assemblage, at the Theatre RoyaL Sydney. At S o'clock the two men, who, though Miller is much the larger, appeared to be fairly well matched-entered into the contest with great spirit- The first throw was K'ned by Miller, in four minâtes, but ^ snort twpwere scored, liy Blackburn -^me m 7| minute^ and nine minutes. The next retrod was a. most exerting one, as the Ktete man laid scored two; and' Miller naturally worked hard to pick up the lost ground ; but Blackburn, after a severe struggle, dexteróéaly threw hm opponent by a trip nioveinent, Miller falling on tus back fair. Before they got np Miller rolled Blackburn over again, but the latter claimed the fall, and on the referee being i consulted he gs vc the fall in Blackburn's j favor. Thus the Eaglehawk man wen thedav.i r:Tphe result was received with great meering. Immediately afterward Miller and bia backers offered, to wrestle Blackburn again, and stake £100 to £50. It ts understood that a match will be. made., ,;The,; of Australia, between E. Trickett and W. Beach, is taken from the AUSTRAL- j ASIA* of April 19th:-The. men started j by mutual consent, and experienced ; little difficulty in getting away ou even terms shortly after 4 o'clock. They j puHed rather a quick stroke, and the tide' j being at flood somewhat toldagunstthem. They however kept up the pace for some j distance, neither having any advantage over the .other. Just before reaching One Mile Point, however, Beach gained a slight lead, and when passing the point led by fully two lengths, the mile | having been completed in 6m. 17s. Trickett appeared.to give Beach a good chance of lengthening the distance j between them, for he settled down to a J quiet stroke, while his opponent in a very determined manner strove to improve I bis lead. Beach's vigorous pulling had some effect in that direction, for on | reaching Putney, in 10m. 7s., he had in- creased, the gap between himself and Tricket' by fully four lengths. Trickett now put on a spurt which greatly raisei the hopes of his supporters, and the race then became more exciting. Up tn this stage it had been altogether a tame con- test, but now it grew somewhat more interesting. Trickett responded as well as he could to the encouraging cries of bis supporters in the boats following the race, as well as those on the banks of the river, but Beach was not to be overtaken, although his supporters were not alto- gether sanguine of his success when they saw that Trickett's increased efforts had had the effect of bringing him within a boat's length of Beach. On passing Gladesville Trickett was still a length behind his opponent. Thence to the finish the contest was not'of an exciting character, the monotony being .only broken by the cheers which again rang forth frwb-iha ^i^tator»> Triokettdid_ not make another great effort to out-do Beach, and the latter succeeded in gain- ing a lead of another boat's length, and coming in the winner by two lengths, the time taken being 23m. 17s. The re- sult of the race was rather a surpise to all concerned, for although the odds in the betting were in favor of Beach, it waa not generally expected that he would have such an easy victory. The fact that he still possessed a great deal of unspent power was easily, observable from thè fresh condition in which he appeared at the finish, and the way in which.he conducted himself in his boat. ' SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Professor Huller, the snake charmer, who has been exhibiting in various parts .of the colony for some months past, waa bitten by a snake while displaying his peculiar powers.. He is now lyingin the Burra Hospital in a critical condition. ? The Agent£ehrral h*s fteligifäl^^' that he hat-ai prêtent sufficient noüäAW" tient of euugrante for South Austrami to fill four Tenéis of1000 tons each. In Adelaide aa mamas*} assault of a most horrible and loasaujaW charam was committed in Sturfs Hotel GrenfeBV street. Mr. H. Taylor, who is the laneV lord of the hotel, and who was formerly an emigration agent and lecturer in Eng mud, has a hak'-doweuTbd daughtuT, about ll years of age. . On Tuesday, at - about midday, the child cam? to him, s and said that she had been assaulted .by a todgsr named Michael Riorfwt jfc: . bushman appsrartly about 25ymf»o£: age. According to her account, Boirda» ? ; met har just previously to thia m on» of the passages of the mmX' ctt&m;* into his bedroom^ b*r iadci eatly. After that he let bergo, and ea»:..,'., mmmV^-*mÄ amt found Riordan. - -Äivmaige^ hold of bim, Hr . Taylor mmmV^ WM« have, yon hmm doing toaryohiUr Ha amwerad, " B? I «ave emt« sayûàic I hMamtaa^ ami I witt payforfl5 Mr. Taylort}¿ ti^gm Town, let- tered and thrashed him about his head and meei hmchrned his eyas, and held him unsjtapDtiCtuw«an£ed. In ¿he struggle the knuckle-joint of Mr. Taylor's thumb -waa put out. Roirdan was brought up the next morning and coi*> mitted for trial at the next criurinal sessions. The unfortunate little girl is subject to fits» and bsd seven in succes- sions few* evenings ago. Ani individual of extrsordinary ap» pearnle, and decorated from head to foot with * flower.-», ha* been parading lLo streets of Adelaide and forcing himself into raHsmmmemings, declaring that be is Jesus Christ. He arrived in Adelaide some time ago, and rode into the city on. a donkey, with hp hat end oMhiautaM the am s head covered with floral trib- utes. This eccentric conduct causal ..someamused the ex- ', tiuordinary being was greeted with V imaemandhoois . .', Nothing daunted,- lerire^,~a** shortly ' appeared in the police court, and having obtained permission to speak, was begin nmg a long harangue when the maris trate, bavmg interrupted lum, said that the court had no jurisdiction in the / matter. The man then dechuèd that during the hist seven years he had)' announced to the world that he is " QÜS son of Coil, the Christ of God, created solely by the itírine Power of God, .Ste Holy Ghost, fer the parpóse of ahearn {dishing His divine purposes rclhting3ar the personal ream on earth of the ¿ord' Jesus Christ.'' The maa has: a few elm verts, and is trying to get assistance from ^ tito clergyman of the varitas "ituijoinfi^ajj M.m-4<e> hold a public meeting. A (souterene^ofdf^é^t^s of th^ Bluè^'1 - Ribbon Army, and the Gospel Temper- ance TJnion was held yesterday, under the presidency of the Rev. A. W. Webb. The first annual report wes presented, and' showed that as a result of the labours of the Union over I B.0Ó0 peophv' in the colony wear the blue ribbon. Special allusion was made to tile work of. Mrs. Hempson. "V An enormous log of cedar wss. re- cently landed at Port Adelaide from thee Richmond district, N8.W. It weighs: about seven tons, is 22ft. 4in. in girth, and the square measurement in super- ficial .feet is about 4,700 feet Harrold Bröthen are tiie importers. * The oalled-up capital, of the Mount Wells N T. Tia Mylin«- Company is. £58,370, mine purchase, (including piid up shares) £52,599, 16s ; working ex- penses, Ac., £6,074 Us, lld."; over- drawn on banking aooount, £024* 16s. 3d. At the inquest on fae : are tiwi occurred in a building occupied by Mrs; Grahon, in Rundle-street, and belonging to the South Australian Company, some substantial evidences of iuoendierism were brought to light The tenant was a widow without family, and bad her furniture insuredI for £200. Sheatated that the fire broke out while abe waa away posting a . letter. When the fir»> man- went into the house they-found-a* lem than four distinct fires-one in each room-and besides this it was, amongst other things, proved that kerosene had . been sprinkled about the house. . The jury came to the conclusion that abe set. fire to the house, sad committed her for trial EVOLisH awn FOBEIGK. Niue hundred sud thirty of tlw ea£ casses of froten meat on board th» Garoune háve béffñ condemned. The 'rixes "vivrdlyltt'ai.i Itu sly ifc>íU»¿i_ of the convict system in New CViledohm. and is of opinion that the Australian colonies have a right to regard any ex -tension of the syste n with dismay.' lt thinks, however, that the political effecU of the French persisting iu their into..-» tion to send recidivists to Ne w CkMont.t have been exaggerated. It is announced in TÇUTH ;that Mr.. Herbert Spencer, the scientest, is lik«*"v to visit Australia for the benefit of hrs health. A long letter is published in tV. Trias signed " Australian." The writer pre- . dicta that if the French GtavernmouV pariism in itt intentions to send the ra» eidivistes to tba South Seas the colonies wfll be compelled to seise New Caledonia* and commence the struggle for the mas- tery of the Pacific. Mr. Charles Reade, the well-known author, died on April ll age;! 70 years. 