[?] CHAPTEEXVI. , CASTABAB. . While Major Catherwood and Mrs. Grey fol lowed, as described, their Macnsi guide with slow and wearied footsteps, and were beginning to indulge the nope of reaching the Falls before the siarm created by their absence Bhonld induce any of the party to come in quest of them, the fleet of excursionists had arrived Sit and tja.kfiTi nn t^o Had**?*/! «.An£4-:A-n »?» a t-mill island, midway between the banks of the river and m the very vortex of the whirlpool, whence they could view the rapids of Castabar to their very headv 'Op to, the junction of the rivers at Barfcica 'Grove^ the Es3equibo forms a mere estuary, averaging a depth of six or seven miles, and even its tributary the Mazarooni is upwards of a mile mde at the mouth, but although still of noble fexpanse, the latter river near Castabar nar srowed perceptibly, and the vista of forest covered ibanks close to a thin line far up the reach beyond the rapids. A few precipitous crags or isolated 'bare rocks close 'at hand, np which they scrambled, now enabled some of the sightseers to overlook the forest and to view in the blue ?distance ranges of hills trending: far away on the south, a succession of sandstone formations which terminated abruptly a hundred miles or so away, . |tt that mysteriously inaccessible mountain, 3£orainra, on whose table-top man never gazed. Then away to their north lay a region pregnant 'with gold, a virgin-field which has proved fatal more than once to adventurous miners anxious to tread the quick and ready road to wealth. The excursionists were in high spirits, but noisy as was their mirth it failed to deaden the eound of the low rumbling torrent as it rippled and eddied, and tumbled over opposing crags in its over whelming descent. The effect was even more striking and enchanting than the most precipi tous cascade ; it was in fact a continued, gradu ated waterfall, a very Niagara in volume and Btrength, if measured from the first downward dip in the broken rush of waters, along its troubled course, through rocks and shallows, into the whirlpool depths of the lower level. It was a bright, radiant afternoon, and the intercepted rays of the fast declining eun. gleaming through the forest tops, danced merrily upon the bubbling stream beyond and behind them. ' How exquisite ! how enchanting ! how rap turously beautiful !* exclaimed Madeline enthusi astically to her companions, Mrs. Barton and Captain Seagrave, as they stood apart oa. a shelving rock commanding a view of the river up and down. 'See with what life-like grandeur the river stems all obstacles and overwhelms these tiny reefs and drooping forest trees ; can you not almost fancy the waters whispering of their glories as they pass, .and chiding us sharply £or neglect of such obscure magnificence ?' * Past glories you must surety mean, Jliss Bar rett, the long ago when this turbid stream surged around .Raleigh and his brave companions in search of El Dorado ? * rKow hear him/ broke in Madeline, turning with a merry laugh to Mrs. Barton. ' I vouch tor it, we shall have him launching forthwith into mstcncai parallels or dust-laden antiquarian lore atnid this domain of Nature's grandeur. Is it not shocking to your sense of the beautiful, to Bay nothing of your patriotism, Mrs. Barton, to listen to this prosaio interpreter of the scenery around us !' ' But/ continued Captain Seagrave unabashed, 'but, Miss Barrett, I concur in the similitude you have evoked in the short-lived energy of this rushing torrent, seen sometimes thus/ and he pointed far up the river where the calm stream meandered peacefully through the narrowing vista, ' more often like the tormented cataract beside us, but always rushing onward through etorm and sunshine to an unknown eternity.' 'A. threadbare simile, if not even triste and inappropriate as addressed to me — and here ! he has no pity, Mrs. Barton ; you should have heard him Sermonising the other night too. I believe in my heart he reserves his moral discourses for balls and picnics.' But Mrs. Bartoa scarcely knew how she was addressed, for .her attention seemed riveted just then on a something verging within the range of lier vision, and she hurriedly left them. ' Do be a little romantic. Captain Seagrave, just to oblige/ went on Madeline ; ' it is impossi ble to admire the foaming rapid without appro priating its suggestions ?' ' Would that -I could not^— at least not now, 'when you are by my side, Madeline.' 'I scarcely understand you/ returned the young lady quickly, anfi. her cheeks became suffused with an ominous pallor at the unwonted familiarity. ' Listen, then, while I warn you solemnly of the inevitable fate that awaits you, that already seems to engulf you, and that will assuredly carry you as uncontrollably to an unknown inscrutable hereafter at the waters around us do a leaflet — yet, it seems, I can as little hope to turn the river from its course as interfere to prevent it.' 'You speak enigmas now in lieu of romance, Captain Seagrave, and seem to forget yourself ; why, pray, should you wish to interfere between lne and my 'inevitable fate,' as you term it ? or, if so, why cannot you do more than merely warn me of danger V ' Because, as I say, I am powerless to avert it/ he muttered with suppressed emotion. Then his pent-up feelings burst forth irre pressibly as he turned towards her with glow ing countenance and unwonted fire in his eyes, yet with hands uplifted in a piteous gesture, and in husky tones thus he poured forth his hopes and fears. * Degrade it by the name of jealousy if you will, scorn me, hate me ; but oh ! believe me when I warn you, Madeline, against being falsely betrayed, against being ensnared by vile pretences, vapoury promises. Can. such be love ? surely not. But I love you, Madeline, O God. so fondly, so intensely ! It is for this I claim to be heard, and to speak my mind in this awful crisis of your fate and of mine ; be the result what it may, I shall unburihen my dread secret — my love — my hate V What Madeline might have replied to this outburst, even had she fully understod it all, and what the impassioned man might have revealed under the circumstances, were declara tions for the present unsaid, in consequence of a Budden commotion that ensued among the excur sionists. Mrs. Barton had been the £rst to give the alarm, and now numbers flocked wildly to the upper end of the island, whither Mr. Grey Lad already rushed in frantic haste on instantly recognising his wife among others in a crowded canoe that came 'whirling towards them with lightning velocity. Shriek after shriek rose on all Bides as the danger now became imminent. Witt outstretched arms, as though, the mechani cal action could check the reckless coarse of the frail bark, the party on shore follow with anxious gaze tho canoe in its wild career, skirting the ; banks, plunging above frothy shallows, now hidden by a boulder, now darting down a deeper ?currant, and whirling with aimless struggles in pfche foaming vortex of the stream, crashed and tent by jagged crags, or bumping dangerously over sunken rocks — and anon, even while tha intent spectators hold their breath in momentary suspense, the last cascade is reached, and with one fell bound the ill-guided canoe — percipitated sideways into the seething waters — is speedily j jengulfed. !r A cry o£ horror is sent tip by all on the little Ssland as the blanched faces of Major Cather wood, Burke, Lyons, and others of their friends arise in turn above the flood and then sink as if to rise no more. But now they reappear beyond the island, and the eddy gives them an instant's respite. Some seize friendly overhanging j bushes, others hold or. despairingly to slippery j boulders or jutting rocks. Burke and Mating, i less fortunate, snap at paddles floating past them, but the former, seeing the Indian woman vainly endeavouring to sustain the onoonsoious Mrs. Greyj turns to give his able help, not one moment too boos, for the poor Macusi, exhausted by this double effort, disappears beneath the surging torrent. Young Haling, too, whirled against a crag, sinks helplessly, while poor La JJarte and Lyons, injured toy ike tall, but who had managed to keep afloat hitherto by Ringing to the ?upturned canoe, relax their hold in turn, and after a brief straggle yield to their nntiaiely *ate- A boat auickFy nuuuwd by «*ff«r friewUi- had Already. pushed out from the island to the rescue, and one or two of the struggling «wimmers, among them Major Catherwood, were thus picked up ; but all eyes were now turned on their favourite, Jack Burke, as the brave fellow breasted the boiling current to the opposite shelving beach, bearing up Mrs. Grey in one stalwart arm and with the other flinging out fierce strokes in his combat with the angry -waves. Anxiety hushed all except the lady's husband, whose loud and piteous entreaties to those in the boat to save his wife were promptly responded to by Captain Seagrave and Dr. PitzjameB, who plunged heroically over the sides and swam to the rescue of the apparently drowning couple ; but at this moment Burke's feet touched the 'bottoin, &nd; amid .cheers that thereupon arose on the island, he stumbled for ward through the shallows, and with his still senseless burthen fast clasped in his arms, lay death-like on the rock. CHAPTEE, XVII. YELLOW JACK. From first to last the catastrophe oc cupied few moments, yet seemed an age; nor did it im mediately occur to anyone to question how it had come about, so horror-stricken were all at the sad conclusion of their festivities. Let us, how ever, tell the story as narrated, later on, to a sympathising audience collected around the camp lire, by the chief actor in the tragical disaster. Speaking in his own unvarnished, unheroic style, young Bourke, when pressed by his {friends, thus explained the precedent circumstances and his personal experiences. 'When we overtook the Major, Mrs. Grey, and their Indian guide on the banks of the river above the Palls, they were, it seems, debating the wretched alternative of committing themselves in so crank a canoe as they found moored there to shoot the rapids, or to lie down resignedly and give up the ghost. We five Boon turned the scale, and, though none of us had ever handled a paddle, we thought we might manage well enough if the old Buckwoman could steer us properly; but she was loth to go in such crazy company, poor wreteh I and we had to drag her forcibly into her place in the bow. Then we shoved off and commenced our race for life with three ringing cheers. But, great heavens ! what a change stole over us as Castabar came in view, and the very banks eeemed to fly past us like an insane panorama of dancing trees ! When the craft capsized I clung to it for a second until I slipped head foremost over it, and some water got down my throat. You see the suddenness of the affair unnerved me for a moment, and my mouth was open, so I sank like the rest, and then I caught hold of a paddle as well . as poor Maling, who was beside me when we rose to the surface, but finding myeelf in an eddy, and seeing Mrs. Grey floating past only half supported by the -unfortunate Indian, I felt I could manage to save myself and her — and I am right glad, Mrs. Grey, to see you among us safe and sound,* he added, turning towards that lady, who with her husband now joined the group; it would have been more than I could have endured to have seen you go down like the others. It was then, too, the canoe, bottom up, floated past with our lost friends clinging to it like grim death — grim death do I say F aye, too like, for ' did I not witness my chums in the chase and in j garrison, brave Lyons and then lie Barte, slip I their hold and sink suddenly into their watery j graves ? $br shall I ever forget Le Barte's de- i spairing death-cry, when I glanced round just to see his clasped hands above the flood ! The dreadful reality of my own fix then seemed to strike me for the first time. I had you well in hand, Mrs Grey, and I breathed a fervent prayer for the deliverance that I felt I could ac complish ; so I struck out boldly for that shore opposite. To reach it I had to cross the strongest part of the current, and this fairly did rae up ; but I can tell you no one knows till he tries it what it is to fight for dear life, let alone that of another, and a woman's ; eo when your approving shouts began I didn't hesitate until I touched the rock. I was last out of the water, you tell me. Well, saved or drowned, it didn't much matter to me personally then; nor now — I did my duy.' Sad and mournful indeed were both saved and saviours throughout that memorable night ; and when,next day,beforethe return of the depressed excursionists to the settlement, the last ofEcesfor the unfortunate drowned, whose bodies had been recovered with some difficulty, became an impera tive necessity, the unavoidable roughness of pre paration on the little island imparted an ad ditional gloom to a suEciently oppressive situa tion. Major Catherwood was requested to read the service for the dead, while all stood un covered around the four drenched corpses to be committed to a common grave, uncofiined as they were. Suddenly as the major's voice grew weak and indistinct, the book slipped from his hands and he sank down to the earth in the overwhelm ing anguish of incipient fever, against which he had for some time vainly struggled. Captain Helden and the Paymaster, Captain de Lassalle, were similarly attacked before the fleet of couriale could be got ready for departure. Dr. Fitzjames and Mrs. Grey also shared the evil results of their immersion, and were struck down by the same remorseless enemy, and for some hours after the return of the party to the residence of the Superintendent of the Penal Settlement it became doubtful which of their fever-stricken friends would fall the first victim to this dread disease. The majority of the company now prepared to return to Georgetown ; but among those who determined to remain to tend the sick were Madeline and Miss Hietland. Mrs. Elrmg ton, too, at the express desire of Dr. Mtzjames, obtained her husband's sanction to stay in charge of that emaciated creature, who was now seriously ill. Juliana Hietland had for her part experienced the mortifying sensation of having exhibited more than ordinary harshness and un kindness to the lover or her early years now that he was dead and gone ; but she clung with all the more tenacity to the charmer who had whispered comfort and condolence in her ear. It can, thero fora, be really understood that when Dr Whit more called professionally on volunteers from among the departing excursionists to assist him with his patients, Miss Eietland ans wered dutifully to the appeal, as did also the eldest Miss Fahey, the young lady who, not inappropriately under the circum stances, was yclept ' Pestilence/' experienced as she professed to be in superintending the preparation of delicacies for the sick ; and Made line, despite the remonstrances of Mrs. Barton, took her stand by these swarthy' beauties, boldly uttering words of mutual encouragement. She had, in fact, come to the conclusion that she was bound to remain at the settlement for many potent reasons. Mrs. Grey was her chaperone, and her manifest duty lay in staying by that lady in her illness. This first and chief; then she was naturally -wishful of escaping the now un questionable advances of Captain Seagrave, who was compelled to return in the steamer to garri son ; but, above all, Madeline could not but feel and admit in her inward thoughts that duty as well as preference kept her on the spot where Major Catherwood lay in the throes of a dan gerous illness. Mrs. Grey had accordingly the nominal benefit of both Madeline and Miss Hietland'a attentions, and in her present torpid condition she permitted all latitude of action to the young aldiea, as to the preparation of tasteful condiments both for her own and her fellow-sufferers' delectation. The aotuating motives 01 her amateur nnrses ahe of course speedily recognised, and out of the ?wickedness of her heart gave little credit to the modesty of such love-lorn maidens j less credit still did she give to any assurance of consideration for herself in the fact ol their remaining to brave contagion, and in this Mrs. Grey's instinct did not err. The Major's had become a tedious and even doubtful case; but Mrs. Grey and the two younjr officers rapidly improved under the attentive irarsing they received. Not so Dr. Fitosjames, ^hose en feebled constitution aad previous mode of diet rendered him more liable to the exhausting rav ages of the fell disease. Dr. Whitmore had, of course, in the early stages of the attack prescribed for him all that was needful, but he had to yield to his chiefs imperious request, conveyed to him through. Mes. Elrington, to dispense with personal visitation. *Dr. Fjizjames is $uite content with my care of him at present/ Mrs. Elrington had explained, 'but should dangerous symptoms set in- or should I notice that hissnind becomes affected, I will, of course, summon you/ On this understanding Dr. Wfcitmor© . felt 'lipog wU relieved of vil awweoBftllit^aM^tnri^ n% ' ' - ? ? ? ' ? * ? ? ?., _ . . i attention exclusively to his other patients ; nor did he see Dr. Fitzjames. again until the. latter was sufficiently convalescent to return with Mrs. Elrington to Georgetown, which they did quite independently of the other eojourners at the Set tlement in a tent-boat, manned SyVanderhey den's crew. TO BE CONOTTUBD. 