THE NOVELIST. THE TALK OF THE TOWN. Br James Payn, Author of "By Proxy," &c;,, &c.; CHAPTER Xlll. THE PROFESSION OF FAITH. Two days after Margaret's letter was dispatched there was great news from the Temple. Not even on the first day, when William Henry had won Mr. Erin's heart by Shakspeare's note of hand, had the young man's face been so full of promise as when he came in that evening. On the former occasion anxiety and doubt had mingled with 1 its expectancy, but now it was flushed with I triumph. The difference of manner with which he produced his new discovery was also noticeable. It was not only that he felt as sure of the assent of his audience (who were, indeed, but his uncle and Margaret) as of his own, but he displayed a certain self consciousness of his own position. He was no longer an unknown lad, seeking for the favour of one who should have been his natural protector, for he had already won it. It was true he was still dependent upon him for the means of livelihood, and for something that he prized as highly as existence itself; but Mr. Erin had in some sort, on the other hand, oecome dependent | on him. His reputation as a Shakspeanan 1 collector and critic, which was very dear to him, had been immensely increased by his son's discoveries. The newspapers and magazines were full of his good fortune ; and even those which disputed the genuine - 1 ness of hiB newly acquired possessions made them the subject of continued comment, and added fuel to his notoriety. If such a metaphor can be used without offence in the case of a gentleman of yeare and learning, Mr. Samuel Erin gazed at William Henry with much the same air of expectation as a very sagacious old dog regards his young master, whom he suspects of haying some I toothsome morsel in his pocket; he hw too much respect for his own dignity to ' beg for it by sitting up on his hind legs, or bark ing, but be moves nis tail from side to side, and his mouth waters. The young gentleman aid not at nrsfc even produce his prize, hut sat down at 1 table with a cheerful nod that seemed to say —" I have found it at last, and by the sacred bones that rest by Avon's stream, it is worth th" Well^WiUie,''. exclaimed Margaret, im patiently, "What is it?" The young man gravely produced twonau sheets of paper. ... . .. At the sight of it, for he knew that it was not the new "BathPost,"the antiquary s eyes "Mr^Erin " began WilliamSenry. " Why not call me ' father,' Samuel?" put in the old man, gent'y; if it was the sense of favours to come that moved him, it was at least a deep and genuine sens8 of them. Margaret's fair face glowed with pleasure. " I have often heard you say, father, that you wished above all things to discover what were, in reality, Shakspeare's religious 1 convictions." The antiquary nodded assent, hut said nothing; the intensity of expectation, in ' deed, precluded speech \ the perspiration came out upon his forehead. •'It distressed you, I know, to believe it possible—as, indeed, the language used by j the Ghost in "Hamlet" would seem to imply—that he was of the Catholic persua sion. In the profession of faith found at Stratfoid"—- . ,, _ . , . ' " Spurious, put in Mr. Erin, mecnani cally : "that fool, Malone, believed in it nobody else." . . ., This was not quite m accordance with I fact • for many months the whole Shaka* pearian world had admitted its authenticity. , " If it had been true, however, it would have offended your sense of the fitnesB of doubt; still we must take things as tbey really were." Even if it should turn out that Shakspeare was not so good a Protestant as he ought to be, the value of a genuine manuscript was not to be depreciated. " Well! I have been this day so fortunate ! as to discover what will put all doubts at rest upon this point. Shakspeare was a Pro testant." .. , ,, " Thank heaven! murmured Mr. Erin, | piously. " If you have done this, my son, you have advanced the claims of true re ligion, and quickened the steps of civilization throughout the world." Margaret's eyes opened very wide (as well they might), but they only beheld William Henry. She had been wont to rally him upon his vanity, and especially upon the 1 hopes he had built upon his poetical gifts. Yet how much greater a mark was he making in the world than his most sanguine aspira tions had imagined. And how quiet and un assuming be looked 1 The modest way m which he habitually bore his honours pleased her even more than the honours themselves, i " After all, Maggie," he would say, after receiving the congratulations of the dwcWiwtt, " it iB nothing but luck." As he straightened out the half-sheets of I paper on the table, where their homely | supper stood untouched and unnoticed,a he only permitted himself a smile of gratifica tl°°It is too long," he said, " to read aloud, I and the old spelling is difficult." [ HiB uncle drew hiB chair close to htm, on one Bide, and Margaret did the like on the other, bo that each conld read for them selves. Their looks were full of eagerness; I the one was thinking of Shakspeare and Samuel Erin, the other of William Henry | and—longo xntervaUo—oi William Shaks ^The MS., which was headed^ "William Shakspeare's Profession of Faith," ran aB follows:— WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE S PROFESSION OF WITH. I beynge nowe offe sounds Mynde doe hope tbatte tbys mye wyshe wills, att mye deathe, bee I acceded toe, as I nowe lyre in Londonne, and as mye sonle maye perchance soone qnittee thys poo re bodye, itte is mye desire thatte fnne sucbe case I maye bee canyed toe mye native place, ande thatte I mye Bodye bee there quietlye interred wytbe as little pompe as canne bee, and I doe nowe, inne these mye scryonse moments, make thys mvee pro fessions of faythe, and which 1 doe moBte solemmye believe. I doe fyrste looke toe oune lovynge and Create Cod and toe bis glorious sonne Jesus. I doealsoebeleyve thatte thys mye weake and frayle Bodye wills returne to duste, butte for mye sonle lette God judge thatte as toe himselfe shall seeme meete. O omnipotente and greate God I am fulle offe synne, I doe notte thinke myeselfe worthye offe tbye giace and yette wille I hope, forre evene thee poore prysonene whenne bounde with gallying irons evene be wille hope for Pittye and whenne the teares of sweete repentance bathe hys wretched pillowe he then looks and hopes for pardonne thenne rouse mye sonleand lette hope, thatte sweete cherysher offe all, afforde thee comforte also. O Manne wbatte arte thou whye consideres thou thyeselfe thus gratelye, where are tbye great, tbye boasted attributes; buryed, loste forre everre in colde Death. O Manne whye attemptest thou toe searche the greatnesse off the Almygbtye thou doste bntte loose thye labonre More thou aUeai teste, iters .utt. thou luste, tills thye posce weake thonghteB arre elevated toe theyre sommito' and thenne as enowe from the leffee tree droppe and djBtylle themselves tllle there are noe more. O God, manne as I am frayle bye nature, fulle oSe synne, yette great God receyve me toe thye bosomme where alle Is sweete contente and happy ness alle is blyss where dyecontente isse neverro hearde, butte where oune Bonde oBe freynde shippe nnytos alle Menne forgive O Lords alle our Bynnes, ande with thye greate goodnesse take usee alle toe thye Breaste; O cheryshe usse like the sweete chickenne thatte under the coverte offe heire spreadynge wings Beceyves herre lyttle Broode and hoverynge ovene themme keepes tbemme harmlesse and in safetve. wm. Shakspeabe.' Margaret finished the perusal of the MS. before her uncle: her quicker and more youthful eye would probably have done so in any case, but his reverence for the matter forbade rapid reading; she waited respect folly, bnt also with some little apprehension, for the expression of his opinion. " This is a godsend !" he exclaimed at last, with a sigh that had almoBtas much relief as satisfaction in it. "There can be so longer any doubt about Sbakspeare's creed. Is it not beautiful, and full of humility, my child?" " Yes, uncle." She knew that the least fault-finding would be reBenled, yet she could not shut out from her tone a certain feeling of disappointment; "it is hardly, however, so simple as I should have expected," Not simple 1" exclaimed the antiquary in amazement; " I call it the most natural effusion of a sincere piety that it is possible to imagine. The diction is solemn and dignified as the subject demands. There are,. indeed, some minute peculiarities of phrase ology, and the old spelling to one un accustomed to it may, as William Henry has observed, be a little difficult; hut of all the accusations you could bring against it that of a want of simplicity, my dear Maggie, is certainly the most frivolous and vexatious. "I " 1 know 1 am frivolous," replied Margaret, with a sly look at her smiling, cousin, "hut certainly did not intend to be vexatious, uncle." "Nay. nay, I was only quoting a legal phrase, said Mr. Erin; he had gently drawn the two precious manuscripts to himself, and placed an elbow on each of them in sign of having taken possession. " In a case of this kind 1 need not say that anything in the way of criticism as to ideas or style would be out of place, and indeed blasphemous; but no one can blame you for seeking in a proper Epirit for enlightenment on this or that point." Margaret looked up at William Henry, and with a half-roguish and wholly charming smile enquired " May I?" "My dear Maggie," returned the young man, laughing outright, "why, of course you may. Even if you detected the immortal bard in an error, it would be no business of mine to defend him." "I should think not, indeed," muttered Mr. Erin. " What I was thinking." said Margaret, "was that if yon, Willie, or Mr. Talbot (who informed us the other night, you know, that he was a poet) had written thOBe lines abont spreading her wings over her little brood it would have been considered plagiarism." "What then?" enquired Mr. Erin con temptuously. " It is the peculiar province of a geniuB such as Sbakspeare's to make eveiything his own. He improves it by addition. addition. " The idea in question* however, is taker from the New Testament," observed Maggie, To most people, this remark, which wai delivered with a demureness that did th( young lady infinite credit, would under tin circumstances have been rather embarrassing, It did not embarras Mr. Samuel Erin in the ieaat. "What piety it shows I What knowledge of the Holy Scriptures!" he ejaculated ad miringly. " How appropriate, too, when we take the subject into consideration—a con fession of faith!" "True. I am not quite sure, however, whether the substitution of a chicken for s hen is an imDrovement." " Now, there I entirely differ from you,' exclaimed Mr. Erin; "just mark the words— ' 0 cheryshe usse like the sweete chickenne thatte under the coverte offe herre spreadynge wings receyves herre lyttle Broode and hoverynge over themme keepes themme harmlesse and in sifetye.1 What tendernese there is in that' sweete chickenne.' Whereas a lien—a hen is tough. We must understand the expression of course as a general term foi the female species of the fowl. None, to my mind, but the most determined and incor rigible caviller can ba7e one word to say against it. I have settled that I think, my dear, to your satisfaction; and do not sup pose that what yon say has annoyed me. If anything else strikes you, pray mention it. Objections from any source—provided only that they are reasonable"—a word he uttered very significantly—" will always have my best attention; I welcome them." " Indeed, uncle, I am not so andacious a to propound objections. There is one thing " r—k"' —- vwjvv».wu«. a.uvi« AO WW VUlUJi however, that eeemed to me a little incon prehenBible." bably.'" He took his elbows off the MS., though fa still hovered above it (like the chicken) whil she ran her dainty finger over it, taking cart however, not to touch the paper. "Ah, here it is, 'As anowe fromme th leffee tree.' Now, considering that snoi falls in winter, when the trees are bare, don' you think the word should have been' leal less.'" " An ordinary person would no doubt hav written ' leafless,'" admitted Mr. Erin—a: ingenious observation enough, since, in th first place, it suggested that an extraordinar genius could have done nothing of the kino and secondly, it demanded no rejoinder ; i gave the antiquary time to cast about bin for some line of defence. He produced hi microscope and examined the word wit! great intentness, but it was " leffee" and no " leafless" beyond all doubt. " It is pro bable," he presently observed, " that Snak speare's minute attention to nature may hav caused him, when writing these most interest ing words, to have a particular tree in hi mind: when, indeed, we consider the topi on which he was writing—death—what i more likely than that his thoughts shouli have reverted to some churchyard^ ye w ? Nov the yew, my child, is an evergreen." Here Frank Dennis's well-known voice wai beard in the little hail without. He mosl have started for London, therefore, on th< instant that he received Margaret's letter. Her heart had foreboded that it would be so, notwithstanding the pains she had taken t< make it appear otherwise ; she knew_ that ij was her wish that had summoned him, and that he had been sent for, as it were, ondei false pretences. Much as she esteemed him, she would have preferred the appearance ol any one elBe, however indifferent, such at Mr. Reginald Talbot. . Strange to say, Mr. Samuel Erin, though it was at his own express desire that Frank Dermis had been invited, was just at that moment of the Bame way of thinking as his niece. If that little difficulty about the epithet " leffee" had not occurred all would have been well. This new discovery of the \- Confession, had it been flawless, muBt need have converted the most confirmed of scep tics, and in his crowning triumph he would have forgiven the young fellow all his former doubts: out, though to the eye of faith this little flaw was of no consequence, it would certainly give occasion not only for the un . godly to blaspheme—for that they would do in any case—but to the waverer to cling to his doubts. If, on the spur of the moment, Mr. Erin could have explained the matter to his own satisfaction he would have felt no qualms, but he was secretly conscious that that theory of the evergreen tree would not hold water. It might satisfy a modest enquirer like Margaret, but a hard-headed, unimaginative fellow like Frank Dennis would not be so easily convinced. - As for William Henry, although Frank and he were by no means ill friends, it was not likely that he should have been pleased to see tniB visitor, whose presence muBt needs interrupt the t4te-d-t4tes with which he now indulged himself every evening with Mar garet, and, though he was no longer jealous of his former rival, it was certain that he would much have preferred his room to his company. Tne welcome that was given by all three to the new comer was, however, cordial enough. " You are come, Dennis," cried Mr. Erin, taking the bull by the horns, " in the very nick of time. William Henry has to-day found a treasure beside which his previous discoveries sink into insignificance—'A Con fession of Faith,' by Shakspeare, written from end to end in his own hand." " That mnst indeed be interesting," said Frank. His tone, however, was without ex citement and mechanical. His countenance, which had been full of friendship (thongh when turned to Margaret it had had, she thought, an expression of gentle melancholy), fell as he uttered the words: a gravity, little short of disapproval, seemed to take posses sion of it." " Hang the fellow," murmured Mr. Erin to himself, "he's beginning to pick holes already." " It is the most marvellous and \- conclusive evidence," he went on alond, " of Shakspeare's adherence to the Protestant faith that heart can desire; but there's a word here that we are in doubt about. Just read the MS. and see if anything strikes you \- as anomalous." Frank Bat down to his task. The expres sion of the faces of the other three would have required the art of Hogarth himself to \- depict them. That of Margaret's was full of sorrow—pain for herself, and distress for Frank, and annoyance npon her uncle's account. How. she regretted having made that stupid objection, though she had done it with a good motive, since she foresaw that it would presently be made by muoh less friendly critics 1 Why conld she not have been content to let matters take their own \- course, as Willie always was? On his brow, on the other hand, there sat a certain serenity. From the very first his attitude with respect to his own discoveries bad been one of philosophic indifferenoe. Hothing ever roused him from it, not even when the scepticism of others took the most offensive form. He had not, he said, "the learning requisite for the defence of 'the faith' that was in him," and, moreover, it \- did not concern him to defend it. He was merely an instrument; the matter in ques ' tion was in the hands of others. This was of course by no mesa the view whioh Mr. Erin took. He had not only the confidence, but the zeal of the convert. If be wonld not himself have gone to the stake in defence of the gennineneBB of his new found treasure, he wonld very cheerfully have sent thither all who disputed it. He was regarding his Mend Dennis now, as he plodded through the Confession, with any thing but amicable looks, but when he marked his eye pass over that weak point in liis armour with which we are acquainted, without stoppage, his brow cleared a little, ■ and he gave a sign of relief. "Well," he enquired gently, "what say yon ? Have you found the error, or does it seem to yon all straight sailing ?" "I had really rather not express an • opinion," said Dennis quietly. " But if you press me I must needs confess that the whole composition strikes me as rather rhapsodical." "DoeB it ? Then I on my part must needs confess," returned the antiquary with laborious politeness, " that I have the mis fortune to disagree with you." To this observation the young man answered not a word: his face looked very grave and thoughtful, like that of a man who is in doubt about some important course of conduct rather than of a mere literary enquiry; nevertheless his words, when they did come, seemed to concern themselves with the latter topic only. "I doubt." he said, "whether the word "* accede"'—here he pointed to the phrase ■" after my deathe be acceded to"—" was in use in Shakspeare's time." "And what if it was not?" broke in the antiquary, impatiently. " How many words in old times are found in the most correct writers which it would be vain to hunt for in any dictionary ?—words which, though desti tute of authority or precedent, are still justi fied by analogy and by the principles of the language. And who, I should like to know, raued new words with such licence as Shak speare himself? As to the matter of fact which yon dispute, however, that can be settled at once." The antiquary stepped to his bookcase and took downavolume. This is Fiorio's dictionary, published in 1611. See here," he added triumphantly, "' Accedere, to accede or assent to. If Florio mentions it I suppose Shakspeare may have used it. Your objection, young sir, is not worthy of the name." Dennis hung his head; he looked like one who has suffered not only defeat bat humiliation. The criticism offered on the spur of the moment had been, in reality, advanced byway of protest against the whole document, and now that it had failed he was very unwilling to offer anything further in the way of disparagement. He had his reasons for absolutely declining to fall in with Mr. Erin's views in tne matter; but it would have given him great distress to -quarrel with him. Unhappily, an antiquary, the genuineness of whose curios has been disputed, is not often a ckivalric antagonist. It is his habit, like the wild Indian and the wilder Irishman, to dance upon his pros trate foe. " The obstinacy of the commentator," re sumed Mr. Erin, " is proverbial, and is on some accounts to be excused, but. the stric tures suggested by ignorance and malignity are mere carping. " But it was yourself, sir," pleaded Dennis, " who invited criticism. I did not volunteer | it." "Criticism, yes but not oarping. Now there is a word here, 'continued Mr. Erin, not sony to he beforehand with bis adversary in pointing out the blot. " Here is the word "leffee" where one would have expected •leafless.' Now we should be really oTbliged i to yon if yonr natural sagacity, which is con siderable, could explain the reason of the substitution. I have already given expres sion to a theory of my own upon the subject, hut we shall be glad of any new suggestion. Why is it ' leafy' instead of ' leafless?'" " I should think it was simply because the writer made a mistake," observed Dennis quietly. Everybody, the sneaker included, ex pected an outburst. That Shakspeare could have made a mistake was an assertion which they all felt would to Mr. Erin's ear sound little lees than blasphemous. To their ex treme astonishment ne nodded adhesion. "Now that is really very remarkable, Dennis," he exclaimed; " a new idea, and at the same time one with much probability in it. He was writing currcnte calamo—there is scarcely a break in the composition, you observe, from first to last—ana it is quite likely that he made this clerical error. What is extremely satisfactory is that your theory, supposing it to be the correct one, as I think it is, puts the genuineness of the document beyond all question, for if a forger had written it it is obvious that he would have been very careful to make no such departure from verisimilitude!" 