TOPICS OF THE IDAY. Ii Sir Hemy:Paraes is only the ghost of his former self, a departed grandeur, a poor relic of a buried famee; and if the welcome extended to him. on his return emanated withh the thrlir tailors of Tooley street, why:'are 'theo newspapers at such immense painsto inform their readeirs of these facts P ? Is it not. like breaking a butterfly to daily atta?ck a man that is down? If Sil Henry is never likely to-beo a political power again, surely little is to be gained by impressing this :on the public in several columns of leaded bype. Time is too precious and news too valuable for journals to he constantly donouncing an exploded theory and reiterating that it.is a thing of the past.- There is a smack of insincerity and a leaven of fear about these atteaks on Sir Henry which no doubt that astute knight hlas already. discovered and. laughed atr; and ib is amusing, more espe cially in the Victorian newspapers, to note how the writers begin by sneering at the ex.premier and end by violently abusing him, filling in their articles with minute contradictio?ns of his views and utterances. Do 'they in their innermost consciences really believe that the limn is dead? If they did'they would dismiss him fir sub jects with somne life in them. The very effort that are being made to p:ove that Sir Henry has passed out of the politics of the country and ceased to possess influence. andpower indicate that much of his old self ia not dead but only sleeping. The newspapers prooest-too much to be quite sincere, and we are.very mucnh -afraid the wishes of their diatribes are the impotent fathers of their thoughts. : If young men do not desire to undergo the trials of their fathers' salad days, the-y should nip an iicipient evil in the lbud, ere the flower expands and grows mnlore rotund every day. The evil we refer to is the ob noxious and feminine crinoline, which is slowly and iibsidiously gaining in dimen sions mouth by month. When about 1864 the epidemic was stamped out, the mar riageable men of that day breathed a sigh of gladness; the male dancer was relieved of a terrible responsibility-aresponsibility which was far more awful than that of merely piloting a lady safely through a~ waltz ; and the traveller by busses and railway carriages blessed London Arlch because the accursed thing-the space cov ering, leg showing hoop had been ridiculed out of existence. But it lhas said restoug'a *and the crinolino of our motlhers is again being seen-and felt. First it appeared timidly in the "improver." Now it is bolder, and bulges out in tie crinolette. Anon it will occupy the footpath, fill tlhe rail.vray carriage, the tramear, and the om nibus, and mankind will have to ride on steps or on outside seats. Young men, take time by the forelock, and refuse to narltry or dance with crinoletted damsels; other wise great will be the spread thereof, to your detriment and the infinite curtail ment of cubic sgpaeo. A ghoulish and revolting story comes to dts from India, cqualling in horror the legends of the vampire and theSuccubu. A low caste falir, or religious mendicant, was brought before the Assistant-Superin tendent of ehraDodon, in the North-West provinces, charged with' having 'dug up various human corpses and eaten their flesh. .On the 16th July he was observed to dig up .the newly busied body of a". Hindo child, who haId dild of smsafljo. On searching the hut in which the fakir had lived, three human skulls and various human bones were found, and in. regard to these'he' stated that he had 'eatfen all ,the flesh from off' them. To illustrate his confession, the fakir produced lIefore the Court two human hands and several pieces df human flesh, which he had with him tied up in the end of his waist-cloth. He said it was his cueton to eat human flesh whenever hungry, and explained that he had cut off the hands a few days before from the corpse of a woman, usieg the edge of his iron cooking plate for this pur pose: The skulls, he said, belonged to other corpses Whichl he had disinterred and partly eaten. :After a trial in the usual form, the faki: was found guilty, and.was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for an aggregate'df twenty.tc wo and a-hlalfmnth. Univeisal indignation deas excited in Dehra by this truly horrible case, 'and many regrets were expressed that it was not; possible to inflict a heavier punishment on tlhe offender. teligious mania and super stition are answerable for many- vagearies in India, but we thinlf the fearful tale we have just told is uneoualled in the 'isnils of either Thugs or Wahabees. Two social lessons have been taught by recent Hospital concerts, which the golden youth of Newcastle should take to he'art, One is that amateour.dramatic representa tions will please the public when well put on the stage, and tche other that a Philbar monie Society would bhe a great success.. The scenes frotu th e' Lady of Lyons" could be acted whelely by amateure, and the city should have a Choral Usion, composed of ladies and gentlemen, equal in excellence to the fine organisatiidn' hailing fromn Wallsend and Plattsburi., which secured such asignali triumph on Satusday nighth 'All that is wanted is that the demon Clique be exor oied. If class 'distinctions can be aban doned. in the cilsket field ard fo.tball. grouund;, surely they need not obtrude on the anateuir stage. Stiu-nge as it "may seem, the chief diffieulty in forming a Dramatic? Club'in Newcastle is the cildish one that all the members waneit to take leading parts; not 'because they believe themselves" capable, b~ut because a, tradesman or his wife may be chosen to assume prominent characters, while the bank clerk aud his lady" may have to play subordi nate ones. This is.bunkum, false gentility, and the es ence of snobbism. This petti ness ought ti be dropped, and when it is, Newcastle,' instead. of being socially the dreariest, most clique-ridden town in the colony, wnill be:one of the most pleasant. At last the red eyesore in Upper Wolfe street is being tackled, and we are glad of itb. 'it 'is about ..timo the street .was made decent,' and the hoegs mound of ugly clay removed, orat least hidden. In the winter tige'it is a slippery source of danger, and'the.muddy.o:eze besfo?lis the rest of the" street. In the.summer the dust generated renders the' whole of that portion of the hill horrible to lis'e in; 'while at night it is always an unguablrded precipice, a trap lying in watt for the unwary. As for attempting to climb it on a moderately warm day-the thought is enough to make one feel hot all over. It is to be hoped the work of removing the eyesore and making the street will be done quickly and well. And messieurs, the aldermen, your petitioners will always pray,e etc. Lit all we!shers read this p agmrapl, and [atop in this country without a tsoufgit of enigrmating to irazil, wihere the " sport of kings" has takeen a deep Ihold:-" At thi pricipal race meetings," as we are gravely informed" there is a delightful ar rangeinent for bettisn. 'rhe profestionatl betters are loike4d u in a lspe buildiiig with grated windows a, intervals. l'rom these windows they bet with the. pitblic, giving tickets to record the transaction and ettesft the receipt of the money. When the race is over the winners repair to another window, and on uresesting their tickets they arce paid their wiinrutP When all is over the beltes are let out.?" 