ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ' (By the Ghost.) ... The history of. ,the week's Parliamentary ; proceedings shows ,lhat the beginning of : the end is at hand, . and that. tho. annual: peiibd of legislative !'hibernaiion,' which, in these antipodean .regions ?' pccurs in full ' summer tiaie, is upon usl , I'jie.iLand and'i Railway Bills, , the ,'Jpiecos da resistance i. of . the session, . only require!, a few finishing touches before they are 'engrafted , in the ?i statute book, and the.. Appropriation f. Bill I haying been passed, , the, wpi'k; of the. .'Vie ? tor ian Legislature for the -present year of ; I grace is crowned.. [The ^laughter, joftho 1 1| innocents has this .year .been, ion an. un- s I ;| usually limited scale,, and, the- Iiegislfltiye I' bantlings 7 done, ..to death are for* I the greater part of the,,, offspring i of1 1 1; representatives outside of , the. Ministerial ' I !? pale. The victims numbered a round I ; dozen, among them tiio, Early, , Closing ;in I ; Business Establishments ,'. Bill occupying I : the pride of place as a. .Government mea I ; sure. The list , of slain consists ,of the I StocK Brands Regulation A'ct,the,Subsfcanr I | tive General Law, Bill, 'the .Parliamentary I Penalties Bill, the Inebriates,, Act Amend I ment Bill, the Party Processions ,, Bill, the I Councils of Conciliation .Bill, the, Cpmpul I sory Life- Assurance ' Bill, .'. the Mining I Board Election . Bill, the Agricultura I Colleges Bill, the. Printers ? and News^ I papers Statute Amendment Bill, and the I Statute of Trusts ' Ainendhient Bill. In I all probability the omission of these mea-' I ? sures from. our volume of the law for I a fow months will not materially I' affect :. the : prosperity of the .colony. I Had any person predicted a week ago tha I the very grave, not very potent, and .spos I mbdically reverend seignors.that ?conBti- I tute the Upper. Chamber; would , have I passed a resolution affirming the justice of I treating all the .suburbs , of . Melbourne I alike on the matter of .;- Sunday railway I travelling, and amplified tho prophecy by I opining that ,the Legislative Assembly I would not only have approved the. , resolu I tion, but capped it by recording .the! ..com mon sense opinion tliat it was desirable to make no' distinction between town . and country, but to leave tho question, of . run-, ning trains to anyplace they chose' on ithe first day of the week to the. Railway Commissioners, the prophet so vaticinating ?would forthwith have been, set , down as a lunatic. The stern logic, of |, facts would nevertheless have proved , him, right. On the motion of Mr. Shields, it was resolved to allow Messrs. Speight, Agg, and Ford to extend to travellers, desirous, of using the. State lines on Sundays the privilege which ? has hitherto been enjoyed by sacks of wheat on the country railways. ' Colonel Smith shares to a largo extent with the member for Norinanby the credit of obtain ing for the publio' the long^denied boon. Tho honourable and gallant meiiber for . Ballarat availed himself of the process ' known to mathematicians as the rcductio ad absurdem to enfor'cehis argument, with, the result that the Assombly resolved, without a division, that what was in 'the matter of locomotive privileges sauce for themjetropolitan and subiirbaii goose; was ah equally fitting : pondiinent for the country gander. That a large majority of the people of Victoria'endorRe'.the action of their representatives in the' Assembly is beyond dispute. ?''?'? ??'? ' ''?'' ' '??'?'??'? The rabbit question is assuming propor tions entirely out of keeping yrifch the size . of the animal. Bills for '.its', suppression are introducedwith a rapidity and fre quency that rivals the fecundity of the rodent itself. People complain' of ' their numbers, but singularly enough bunny is seldom seen displayed' in'our shops as an article of food.1 Yet in oxir orchards,' our corn fields, our; pastures, our m'allee fungi selections, and to the niinds of , our legis-i lators he is ever... present. ' .''Rabbits,1 rabbits, everywhere, and yet not one; to eat,' might Coleridge with truth have written had he spent a month in Mel bourne. If the furred pests were of tetter found among the delicacies' displayed in the windows of our. food purvoyorsi the ravages committed by the agriculturist's grey bete noire would perhaps be forcibly brought before the public. . As it is, ' put of sight out of mind ' may be said of the rabbit. Perhaps if he were more frequently eaten, we might be more forcibly reminded ofj tho fact that he is really, eating others out of house and home. There is nothing, like the human stomach' for awakening' human sympathies. . . '? The short bill; lately passed by the As sembly, empowering the1 Government of the day to appoint one of the County Court judges temporarily to' the Supreme Court Bench, is thought in some quarters to dash, Mr. Kerferd's hopes of ere long donning! the ermino. Time and theicourse of events,' ?will, however, show this -Assumption to be' ?unwarranted. Whrfc the {''political horizon' remains as unclouded as ;it,js at present, the member for Beechworth .will retain his: post in tho cabinet. But before the present, ' outs' become ' ins,' before tho storm that sweeps the occupants of the treaaury.benches into the cold shades of .Opposition' benches; the. Attorney-General will, j.exercise. his right as chief legal adviser of , the .Grown, and transfer himself tOi'thp; . j!3000iper' annum and: the .judgeshjp Sir rWilliam: Stawell's resignation will place at; his dis posal! The fittest man will, as ft matter of courso, be seleoted,and as the selection res'ts with- G. '.B.- Kerferd, member.for Beechi ?worth' in the Legislative.' Assemblyj: the: I most fitting individual will;iin,tho. opinion \ of r that' gentleman, be Mr;iG;|?B.; Kerferd 1 \ himself. '„ Lawyers: are. only popr j weak' ' \ mortals after' all'. ...:.' '.i:,i:; ,-,,,,,. ; :.i;^v \ If there be any truth, in the adage^The . greatertliesinner,'thie gTreater the saint,' '; thd ' :S'alv,atipii' Atyny' has ' 'allowed1, a/ .first- i class 'opportunity of prpving^its'regenerat irig influence to' escape! ' Upjohn, the 'late finisher of the law, who , was , found too utterly, disreputable even vo! carry, out his vile. ? office, has been denied , 'admission to the1 ranks of tho penitent. 'i This is. cer tainly calculated to caUBe.deepi regret. What opportunities .of 'improving-, the occasion,' afforded by- the presence of the late public oxecutioner and flagollator on the platform; havered,' thrown away ! No reason has been assigned for excluding the would-be .brother, and, therefore, it is hardly fair to comment on' tho course taken by tho : 'Arniy' in shutting its' ranks to so disreputably' distinguished an 'individual. Perhaps .tho' lower depths' are too deep for the Salvationists to fathom, or perhaps they desire to' draw 'the; line somewhere'. Dickens's ? barber..' , drew/ re, at emmne; sweeps,' Colonel'B6bth evidently idraws it at hangmen. ' ',''' ' ::'.:', '?'; .;''' .' ' '.' ? ? Theforthcoming rifle -ccimp'otitiori^ is to be graced' with' the presence of tjio.fair sex; This is certainly a step in' the right direc tion. - It/will' teach- the ; men' h'pw 'to behave in' the presence of the ' enemy. Not that the '? ladies' should ' in any; sense be looked lipon.as thefoiBS of the military; But if a rifleman can command the' neces- sary' amount '6f nerve 'and 'sang, froid to enable him to, rank as ' a: marksman under the fire of ' the 'bright glances levelled' at him from every ' '? Bide,1' lie ' will ' no ? doubt acquit himself quite as creditably under the' 'fire of the foe.' English ladies of fashion1 wer'ei not long ago; regular atten dants at ' 'Hurlingtoh, where thousands of innocent ' pigeons' were . ruthlessly slaughtered in' th'eir; presence1 , by members of 'gun clubs. ' Why Bliould not tho , elite of Victpria'be present at.'cmr rifle snatches, where only pnb ,pf 'the markers is occasion-' any suoo r i - ,i ? Whether, the present Coalition Ministry is to biaino,' or;whethor there is in oxistenee some other actuating 'cause, it is much to ? bo foa'i'dd1 that': Victorian' morals ', are1 justnpwat a low ebb. ; At least this is the' : conclusion1 to' which any 'intelligent' ? foreigner ' would be led on perusing the' above notice published in iionriection ' witli i a ball liold within a locality in full sight' ;of .the. dome of our metropolitan Law ? : Courts:^-r:'The committee may exclude any lady they 'i',;; think' proper.' 'It is ; said 'the .announcement', caused a' large iattendance of '.proper' ; married men.' ; Excepting at the .Bijou, where ah adaptation of the novel of the ' Irpntaaster'' 'has re'r.' j placed 'Mothsi'' there is no1 ^change in the' 'programmes of any of the theatres. ''The,' Professor' still runs at. the Rpyal^ '.In' the Raiilcs,' at the 'Qp6ra, House; 'and ;'Estrella'. at. -the- Princess! . 'Hiscock's Federal Minstrels are firmly engrafted in; ;the. public favour at the :, Victoria Hall.!, iBut at all1 the ; places' of ^amusenient. the,' laudipnees are more' 'select' than numerous. The coiniiig' holidays, are casting their ?shado'ivs before'theni.' , , v j , ' ','. , - .';' '.' 1 .Deoeinber, 6.'-.\ ''.' ',, .' ', ',.,..'''. ','.' .',' , '.'. 