Needles. "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Sir R. R. Torrens a G.C.M.G. Streaky Bay people want a jetty. English wheat market depressed. Where is our Premier's knighthood? Ballarat bakers have got eight hours. Benhamo's circus near Central Market. Jury in Burford's case unable to agree. Mr. Samuel Davenport created a knight. Jennie Lee is performing in Queensland. Winter set in with severity in Tasmania. Dead heat for the Epsom Derby this year. Sir Henry Loch has sailed for Melbourne. Alderman Kither issuing tickets for soap. Clear boiling water will remove tea stains. Enteric fever has broken out at Port Pirie. Johnny says the Ministry's luck lies in its loans. Corporation meditating erection of gas works. Rev. Dr. Barsanti, of New South Wales, is dead. Port Adelaide to have a large graving dock. The Canadian sculler is anxious to meet Beach. Striking bakers going to establish a bake- house. Tumors cured by Wood somehow don't dis- appear. One in forty of the British population is a pauper. Sydney says she attracts men from the other colonies. Clare people want a suppression of the dog nuisance. Plenty of rich ore being brought down from Silverton. Farm laborers wanted in Victoria and South Australia. Position of Glenelg Railway Company has improved. Mr. Robert Dixson has been interviewed in New York. The bakers are going to try co- operative production. In April land sales for cash were 1,058 acres, at £1,402 19s. Mr. Bray says he has had a lot of luck, but he deserved it. Total sum bid for Government lands in April, £36,923. Plenty of meat and vegetables in Alderman Kither's soup. Plenty of mechanics in the colony, but farm laborers scarce. No doubt about tbe General Gordon relief expedition now. Lord Rosebery has not forgotten the reci- diviste question. Will England consider the island of Tanna worth its name? There is a great demand for Australian mutton in Ireland. Number of colonial knighthoods postponed. Grief of the nation. When we have corporation gasworks shall we have cheaper gas? The cornstalk rower, at all events, knows how to take a licking. One and a quarter inches of rain at Inna- mincka in a fortnight. Natives of Tanna want their island an- nexed bv Great Britain. Fenn, on the funds, says national debts of the world £5,394,000,000. The will of the late Charles Reade disposed of a total sum of £20,000. Only a quarter of a million wanted by the various corporations. A writer to the press says that provisional teachers are too well paid. Let the Opposition keep their places, and all will go on swimmingly. The subject of medical treatment of lodge patients not yet done with. Fifty thousand pounds to be spent on the Port Adelaide graving dock. A boy aged nine died lately at Brooklyn through eating colored candy. The Khedive urges Baker Pasha's rein- statement in the British army. Banks at Port Darwin are putting on the screw. Joy among bank clerks. The glorious fourth of July is to be cele- brated by Americans in Sydney. Laycock tried to force the pace, but the Canadian was too much for him. New Archbishop of Sydney is to sail next month for this part of the world. Jefferson, the actor, has a plantation of 10,000 acres south of New Orleans. The spiritual interests of the Northern Territory are under consideration. Spite of drainage smells, city mortality does not seem to be on the increase. A thousand pounds damages against a doctor for not setting an arm properly. Sir Arthur Blyth was absent from the banquet to Sir Henry Brougham Loch. The newspaper stamp tax is to be abolished in Austria on the first of January next. Monseigneur Capel says that Protestantism has never been able to cover a single nation. Hyde Park trams carried nearly one hundred thousand passengers in six months. No less than 18,000 homesteads have been established in Florida during the past year. Melbourne Wesleyans don't want Scots Church alienated from the Presbyterian body. The Lake Superior copper mines produced 60,000,000 pounds of copper during the year 1883. The barge Phoebe was one of the oldest craft in the colonies in commission when she sank. The Quebec Government propose to increase the liquor license- fee from £40 to £80 a year. There are fifty women employed in the San Francisco mint at wages averaging 11s. a day. Opposition and Ministry anxiously await- ing the result of the new members' delibe- ration. In the north-eastern districts of Victoria settlers are training cats to destroy the rabbits. The Bishop of Angers has strongly opposed the proposed erection in France of a statue to Coligny. Russia has made overtures to Germany for a joint reduction of forces on the frontier. The Northern Territory, with Parsons at its head, is yet the only country without a minister! Leather wheels made of untwined buffalo hides are used in France for railroad and other cars. A gold mine of extraordinary richness has been discovered in the Canadian rocky mountains. Colonials, it is said, eat too much meat. Perhaps they will eat less with beef at 10d. or 1s. per lb. The Hon. C. Mann told the Indian people that in Australia there was the embryo of a great empire. Californian witnesses when the cross- examination becomes too hot draw revolvers on the lawyer. The most extensive hop gardens in the world are situated in Cazaville, Canada, and cover 300 acres. The territorial possessions of the late Duke of Buccleuch comprised 460,008 acres, with a rental of £217,163. G. B. Sims's two plays "The Lights o' London" and "Romany Rye" brought him in the sum of £28,000. Mr. Hunt, the labor agent, thinks labor should at the present juncture make some concession to capital. The rate paid to rabbit destroyers in Vic- toria is 10s. per 100 skins, rations and traps being supplied gratis. The sailing vessels and steamers which floated the British flag last year represented nearly 65,000,000 tons. Morgan, the Panmure murderer, is said to be hopeful that he will in the end escape the last penalty of the law. Over 100 steamships are said to be lying idle in the Tyne, while at Shields 3,000 seamen are out of employment. Twelve men gone down to wade in the drainage districts. Forty men employed on water conserving works. The unemployed wanted for two things— to take away water in the South- east, and help to keep it in the North. The probate duty on the will of the late Professor Holloway, of pills and ointment celebrity, amounted to £65,000. The exceptionally fine weather lately ex- perienced has enhanced the favorable pros- pects of the Prussian wheat crop. Edmund B. Southwick, a New York naturalist, gives a list of 319 varieties of insects found to prey upon trees. The Swiss Government are taking measures to check the assaults which have been made on Salvationists in that country. The discovery of an extensive robbery of bank notes, which was perpetrated in March last in Melbourne, is announced. The American naval authorities have offered a reward of over £6 000 for the rescue of the missing Greeley expedition. The turn of £1,000,000 will shortly be ex- pended on the work of dousing the railway line between Montreal and Toronto. Up to the end of April the British Govern- ment had not succeeded in carrying one mea- sure indicated in the Imperial speech. The latest floricultural rage in London is for artificial roses, which are made to possess the same perfume as the real flowers. Government going to advance money to suburban and country corporations as soon as Parliamentary sanction is obtained. Nearly one hundred students were lately struck off the Berlin University rolls because they had not paid for even one lecture. The electric light in the House of Com- mons has worked so successfully that it will be extended to all parts of the building. Italy is about to establish a subsidy system, at a cost of £400,000 a year, as a means of building up a merchant marine service. Frome electors think of making for par- liamentary enquiry as to irregularities in the recent polling at Wirrabara and Pekina. Colonel Burnaby has returned to London from Egypt, and caarrying his wounded arm in a sling is quite a drawing-room lion. The Chatham School of Military Instruc- tion is engaged in the wholesale manufacture of balloons to be used for purposes of war- fare. Only one rabbit is said to have been killed at Wilcannia during the last six months. Ten men were engaged in the work, which cost £128. A Bill has been introduced into the British Parliament to provide for the regulation of cremation, and other modes of disposal of the dead. Major F. E. Brace's St. Gatien and Lord Falmouth's Harvester ran a dead heat for the Derby on Wednesday. Queen Adelaide being third. The Kingoto district, in Japan, boasts of a centennarian family, every member of which since the earliest times has reached 100 years of age. Booth, the American actor, though not drawing such large houses as Irving, actually gets more money, as he receives half the profits. The omission of the Comte de Paris from the list of Royal invitations to the Duke of Albany's funeral greatly incensed the Orleans family. It is understood that the eldest son of the Prince of Wales will be made Duke of Dublin, and will take up his permanent residence in Ireland. Several committees of Hebrews are being formed to arrange for the celebration of the 100th birthday anniversary of Sir Moses Montefiore. When "Ouida" asked Charles Reade to suggest a name for her dog, he said, "Tonic;" for it is sure to be a mixture of bark, steel, and whine." Crops in Manitoba are stated to be as follows:—Wheat, 30 bushels; cats, 59; barley, 40; peas, 33; potatoes, 600; and tur- nips 1,000. Two dead Russian bears have been con- signed in a frozen state to the Smithfield meat market. The flesh has been highly appreciated. The Anti-Tobacco Society recently formed in Sydney includes eighty-eight young ladies who have agreed not to marry any man who uses tobacco. Fifty suicides, and losses to the extent of 12,000,000 francs are said to represent the yearly balance-sheet of gambling enterprise at. Monte Carlo. The New South Wales Government have been informed by an influential scatter that one pair of rabbits will produce a progeny of 2,000 in one year. Mr. Spurgeon having learned that some one is teaching a donkey to talk says that some one is wanted to teach Parliamentary donkeys not to talk. Joseph Cook says that the chief error of Henry George is that he forgets the divine command, "Thou shalt not steal." Joe has some land somewhere. The late General De Wimpffen has left to the world memoirs which throw a new light on the capitulation of Sedan, with which event he was connected. Manitoba grumbles at the unequal manner in which its affairs are administered by the Dominion Government, and threatens separa- tion from the Confederation. Dr. Russell, the famous war correspondent, had all his wedding presents stolen by a thief who called for the boxes of Dr. and Mrs. Russell during their absence. Sir Francis de Winton, formerly aide-de- camp to the Marauis of Lorne, will resume the expedition on the Congo which Mr. Stanley will shortly relinquish. A London journal states that of twenty infidel lecturers and writers who have been prominent in the last thirty years, sixteen have abandoned their infidelity. Frank Rande, "the Brilliant Bandit of the Wabash," killed nearly a score of men and then killed himself. What a pity that he did not begin at the other end! The Rev. Silas Mead has turned tailor. He has made a Coat out of a Remnant. The Coat said "I will," and the "Remnant" promised to love, cherish, and obey. Mr. Fawcett has decided against a farthing rate of postage for printed matter not ex- ceeding one ounce. The proposal, if carried out, would entail a loss of £250,000. Not content with a standing army of 2,000,000 soldiers, the French Government have introduced a measure which, if carried, will make every Frenchman a soldier. Mr. Clifford Lloyd, who has just resigned all connection with Egyptian affairs, is stated to have been the most hated man in Egypt. He bore the same reputation in Ireland. Messrs. Patrick Casey, Jas. Stephens, John O'Leary, and the Very Rev. Father Hogan, are described as the leading Irish dynamiters at the present time in Paris. The immigrants arriving in New York during the months of January, February, and March, numbered 41,290 against 49,652 in the corresponding quarter of last year. Wearers of green veils should be careful. The wife of an American judge has died from blood-poisoning, caused by the contact of her green veil with a slight scratch on her face. The Crown jewels of France, worth nine millions of francs, will shortly be sold. The crown itself was said in the Senate to be only worthy of the stage of an operahouse. The late Charles Reade, in spite of his character for simplicity, was fond of posing as an eccentric. His diatribes against his critics were merely business advertisements. There were eleven failures in the brewing trade in England last year, against eight of the previous year. The wine trade failures during the same period were 62 as against 73. The cost to Victoria of the latest smallpox scare consequent on the last voyage of the Rome is set down at £1,420, of which amount the P. & O. Company will have to furnish one-half. A Papal encyclical has been directed against Freemasonry, which is denounced as being directed to the destruction of thrones and altars, and the ruin of the public welfare. Moody and Sankey will shortly leave Lon- don for America, where they will reside per- manently. At one of his latest gatherings Mr. Moody addressed no less than 4,000 working men. The Duke of Norfolk is interesting him- self in restoring the grand old abbey of Buckfastleigh, in Devonshire, which is occu- pied by 40 monks expelled from France a few years ago. An American paper states that George Augustus Sala has abandoned his Australian tour and will go to the United States in- stead. This statement, of course, is prompted by pure jealousy. There is a man without hands at Serpentine, Victoria, who performs the work of a farmer, ploughing and clearing timber, &c.;, as well as many people who have the use of their manual appendages. Gambling on horse races in India is carried on through the medium of racing lotteries, the professional bookmaker being almost unknown. It is now said that this state of things will be reversed. The Russian authorities are considering a scheme to make assurance compulsory on the Government officials and employés, by which it is hoped the advantages of insurance will be manifest to other classes. English lawyers have just discovered that while husband and wife are living together one cannot take criminal proceedings against the other in respect of property under the Married Women's Property Act. A great bullfight was to have come off in Paris recently. In order that all sanguinary features might be absent the picadors were not allowed to kill the bulls whose horns were gold tipped to prevent accidents. Archibald Forbes has contradicted the statement of Mr. Redmond, M.P., that in Queensland "kidnapped Fijians die in large numbers towards the end of the three years' period when their accumulated pay becomes due." Thousands of people have assembled at Mianusburg, Ohio, to view a new ghost which the mayor and other civic dignitaries testify to having seen. The spectre has been assaulted with clubs and fired at without avail. The Governments of Austria and Germany intend to open books and papers arriving from Switzerland, with a view of suppressing anarchist literature. The Swiss Government are taking similar measures within their own boundaries. Several scions of British aristocracy have migrated of late years to America and the colonies. The sons of Lord Tankerville and Lord Dunsany have taken to "ranching" in Texas, and Lord Huntingdon and his son (Lord Hastings) propose to settle in Florida. The Poet Laureate has thus snubbed a person who sent him a notice of his lordship's self—"Lord Tennyson is much obliged to Mr. Henry Romeike for his enclosure, but such notices do not interest him; so he begs Mr. Romeike not to take the trouble of send- ing him any more." Mr. Glover, the Victorian temperance lecturer, recommends as a substitute for smoking and drinking the use of happy child- hood's sucking bottle. He says—"Put the tube as a substitute for a pipe in the man's mouth, and be would go about the town as contented as if he were both smoking and drinking." The sum of five hundred thousand reis con- tributed by the Emperor of Brazil to the Longfellow memorial is not so unduly enormous as it looks on paper. It takes a thousand reis to make one milreis, and one milreis means about fifty-four cents. But at its smallest it is a generous and a kindly contribution, and it heads a long list of offerings from Brazilian gentle- men. The Wilcannia Times says:—"About two years ago two gentlemen saw a snake and a cat watching one another; they shortly missed the cat, and killed the snake, and when, lo! the cat jumped out of the belly of the snake and ran away. A well-known gentleman in Wilcannia vouches for the truth of this yarn, and to those who are curious we shall be glad to name our authority." Who will doubt the Jonah story now? 