.... - r OIIMH . ... "p e a: r n o t. s r r & C. H. Smjr«EON).-' > 4 .(Conclusion.) ' Fear not5— Revelation i., 17. Our third " Fear not" is tftken frbrn Luke fifth and seventh verse % . " They cartte. and tilled both the ships; so that Uie.y hfe'gau to' sink. When Simon Peter saw it, lie ifin uown at jesuss knees, saying. Depart from me ; for I am a sinful man, 0.v Lord. For he was astonished, and all that were with' him, at ttie draught of tbe fishes- which they had "taken ; -and so was also James,' and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not ; from henceforth thou shalt catch men." This meets the fear which arises out cf the greatness- of his goodness. If the Lord has made any ohe of you sticcessful in liis service, if you are made of the same stuff as I am, your success lays you low before- liis' throne. Time was when, ever body was abusing me, and then I rejoiced and gloried in God. I had happy days when my name was cast out as evil. But when the Lord in his great mercy gave me souls for my hire, and began to build up the church at tile Tabernacle, I became subject thereupon to such sinking of spirits that I can scarcely tell you how crushed I have been under the weight of divine mercy. If any of you are. blessod in your work, as I trust you may be, you may also be made to fell the mysterious depression which takes tbe place of self-exaltation in those who know that every good gift comes from God alone; Fear because of the Lord's great goodness also comes in another shape. A person says, " I believe that I am saved for I have looked, to Christ, and I am lightened. And yet can it be?" The thought suggests itself, ' It is too good to be true." Now, look you, sirs, if it were npt supremely good it would not be true, It is because it is so excessively good that it is true. As ope said of God's mercy when his friend was astonished at it. "I am astonished too ; but still it is just like him." It xb just the way of God, you know, to bless a poor sinner beyond all that he can ask of think. But some timorous professors say4 " This is a, great work which God is tjolhg here, but it is too great to last." "Yes, that too I have heard, and the gathering of many to hear tbe gospel has been sneered at as " a nine days' wonder." Alas ! our unbelief has said, " It cannot last and it has lasted. The path of faith to my mind is very like that of a man walking on a tight rope high up in the air, and you always seem half afraid that he will fall; yet if the Lord placed us on a spider's web as high as the Alps he would not let us slip. The walk of faith is like going up an invisible staircase. When you ave climbed and climbed, yon sometimes cannot see one single step before you. Each step seems to be upon the air, and yet when you put you- foot down it is solid granite firmer than tbe earth itself. There are times when Satan whispers, "God will leave you. God will forsake you. He has done all this for you, and yet he will leave you." Ah, hut helnever will, for bis faithfulness never fails. We must not be like the countryman who, when he had to cross the river, said that he would wait till the . stream was dry, for it could not run so fast as that long, but must all run away. We have feared that we should live till the river of God's mercy had run dry ; but it never has, and it never will. Some professors say when a great number of sinners are con verted, " Ob, well, you see there are so many, they cannot all be genuine." That is why I think the work to be real. When I see a little peddling work of one every now and then, I am far more inclined to say, " Well. I do not know. It may be of God, but it is not a very great affair, and he gene rally does great things when his Spirit is poured out." But when I see him calling three thousand in one day, I say, " This is the finger of God. Lam sure of it." I would be the last to despise - the day of small things, but I must also speak up for the day of great things. - I have noticed that those who are added to the church at times of revival are people that hold on quite as well as others, and I think better than others. That is my experience; because at otber times we are apt to say, "There are so - few coming forward ; we must not be so strict in examining them ;" but when there is a great number we feel that we can afford to be par ticular, and we are naturally more strict. I do not justify this, but l am sure that the ten dency exists. I believe in a great work ; and when I see our Lord filling the net. I think I hear him saying to me. "Do noc be afraid because the fish make the boat sink down to the water's edge. Fear not. You shall get many more than these. Let down your net again." Let us not doubt because it seems too wonderful that God should bless us to a great extent. It is wonderful, but let us have no doubt about it. Can the Lord use such poor worms as we are ? He does use us. Do not ask how he can do it if he does do it. He is a God of sovereignty, and he use? whom he will, and if he blesses you give him the glory of it ; lout do not let the greatness of his grace cause you to mistrust. You have seen a painter with his palette on his finger, and be has ugly little daubs of paint upon tbe palette. What can he do with those spots ? Go in and see his picture. What splendid painting ! What lights ! What shades! Where are those daubs cf paint? They have been used up upon that picture. What ! Did he make that picture out of those ugly spots of paint ? Yes. that picture was made out of those little daubs of colour ! That is the way with painters. In even a wiser way , does Jesus act towards us. He takes us, poor smudges of. paint, and he makes the blessed pictures of his grace out of us ; for it is neither the biush he uses nor 'the paint he uses, but it is the skill of his own band which does it all, and unto his name be the praise. Now, poor worker, do not be afraid. The great _ Artist will take you in hand and make something out of you. I forget how much cn be made out of a pennyworth of iron, but I do know that there are methods by which a pennyworth of iron can be so moulded, and wrought, and fashioned, that it can become worth a hundred times what it was before it came under the manufacturer's hand. What the Lord can make of such poor creatures as we are, who shall tell ? He says, " Feaf not ;" and I pray you do not fear. You who make up the .church in Slioreditch, do not be afraid because the Lord fills this great house. Beckou to your partners that are in tbe other ships tome and help yon. Help those round about to fill their boats, and may God send you: a longiapd continued revival of religion | in this whole Legion. Let pot the old folks getof lightened at the Lord's -.glbtiimfe work-l in: -behevfe iff it Sind rejoice ! . Why, if the J io'rd weih tb- cbiiVert tkifeb ihbusahd. in bne day.-, in 5any place, there are numbers who would say, I ; do t not believe in it, for L never saw anything like it." Many churches >yould say, " Wc do not think that we bnght 1 to take tliem iu just yet." At Pentecost j they "baptised the converts the same day. You see, _ they church was. ready to baptise them : we havfe no church iu England that would " do that : T fear not one, and we have no Christian people wh) would approve of it if it were doue, but ih y would as a rule mur mur that it was ill h enthusiam, and an ilt- ad vised haste. _ " I beiisve in the Holy Ghost."' 4 We say that, tut do we practically 'believe it? God grant we may, : , IV. Brat now I turn to a fourth " Fear not," which we find in the tenth of -Matthew, he twenty-eighth verse I will npt turn tp it, but I. will just tell you of it bebause there are many of you here who need its com fort. "Fear not them which kill the body, but " are not able to kill the soul : but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell." This, is meant to remove the fear arising oiifc of sh&ijp; pfefseeubjon. Ir a region like this, when a working man is converted to J esus Christ, bis friends and his neighbours J soon find it out, and I am sorry to say that! working-men. as a rule, do not treat Christian I men fairly. They used to say in America, I " It is a free country ; every man may whip j his own nigger," and so it is here : it is a free I country, every man may svvear at his fellow- j workman for worshipping God. It is a fearful 1 piece of meanness that men should molest j their fellows for being godly. If you have a 1 right to swear, I have a right to sing psalms, I and if you have a right to break the Sabbath, j I have a right to keep it, and I have a right to j go in and out of the workshop without being called ill frames because 1 lire iii the fear of J God. But the right is not always recognised, j Some have tp run the gauntlet from morning to I night because they serve the Lord. Now, my dear brothers and sisters in Christ, du not be afraid, though you are nothing but poor sheep, and you are sent out into the midst of wolves. Does it not seem as if our Lord could hardly have known what he was at when he said, "Behold, I send you forth as | sli6ep among wolves." Yethe made mo mis take. Just think for a minute— how man7 wolves are there .in the world now ? They have been eating up the sheep ever since tbey had a chance; but are there more Avolves or more sheep alive at this day ? . Why, the Woivfes get fewer and fewer every day, till when a wolf comes down into the inhabited lands in France we have it reported in the paper, and we have not one animal of the kind in this couutry wild, though they used to abound here. Tbe fact is, the sheep have driven out the wolves. It looked as if they would eat the sheep up, but the sheep have exterminated them. So it will be in the end with defenceless believers and raging perse cutors: patient weakness will overcome pas sionate s trength. Only be patient. You have an anvil in the shop : and you know how hard the hammer comes down on it. I Yoa never saw tbe anvil get up and fight the | hammer. Never. It stands still and takes the I blows. Down comes the hammer. But no n j listen. How many hammers have been worn out to one anvil? Where it has stood for years, the old block of iron remains, ready to bear more strokes. The hammers will break, but not the anvil. Be you an anvil, brother. Be you the sheep, brother, still ; for heavenly j submission shall win the victory, and patient | non-resistance shall come off more than aj conqueror. j Do not fear, I pray you, so as to conceal j your testimony. Tell out for Jesus Christ I what he has done for you, and the more they I blaspheme and persecute you, be you the more j determined by God's grace that they shall I not bo able to find fault in your character, and j that they shall know that you arc a Christian j man. Climb up the mast and nail the colours I to it. Drive another nail to-night. Fix the 1 colours to the mast-head. Say, "No, never by God's grace will I be ashamed of being a Christian. I might be if I were a drunkard. I might be ashamed if I were a swearer ; but 1 1 never will be ashamed that I am a follower of the crucified Son of God." j O poor men and women, who have for the j most part to bear the brunt of the world's j assaults, God grant that you may not fear, j Do not fall into doubt about your religion either. Do not be so afraid as to fall into questioning and unbelief. True religion never was in the majority, and never will be for many a year to come. You may rest assured that if we were to poll the world for any opinion, and if that opinion should be decided by a majority, it would be neces sarily wrong. Now and then in one country the right prevails, but all the world, over the seed of the serpent outnumber the seed of the woman. Blessed is he who can stand in a minority of one with God ; for a minority of one for God is in the judgment of truth a majority. Count God with you, and you have more with you than all they that be against you, V. I must not keep you much longer, for the heat grows great, and I fear some of yon are fainting. Therefore I want to say another word which I should like you all to bear. This is the fifth "Fear not." You will find it in Luke xiL verse 32. Christ, preaching to His disciples, said : "Fear not,, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the king dom." This is meant to prevent fear as to temporal things. Now, I know that this is a time in which many of God's people are much tried, and they tremble lest they should not be pro vided for. Hearken to this — Did you escape from poverty by being frightened about it ? Did your fears ever make you any the richer ? Have you not found it to be vain to rise up early and to sit up late and to eat the bread of carefulness when you have had no faith in God ? Have you not learned that ? And do you not know that if you are a child of God He will certainly give you your food and raiment? Ah," I hear a heavy sigh from one, I " It has been a hard winter." It is true, my j friend ;.,it has. been a hard winter. I dare say that the birds have found it so, and yet on Sunday morning I noticed, when I opened my window early, that they were singing very j sweetly ; and this mGrning, too, t-ney broke forth in a chorus of harmonious song. You know what the little bird sings when he sits on a bare bough with the snow all rouud him ? He chirps out — " Mortal, cease from toil and sorrow ; God provideth for the morrow." Learn the sparrow's song, and try, if you can, ta catch the spirit of the bird which has no barn or storehouse, and yet is fed. There is this to comfort you : " Your heavenly Father knoweth what things ye have need of." He understands your wants. . Is it jnot enough for a child that his father loiows his needs ? Rest in that, and bs cdSfident wsmi'n'miinl nr' i ll n d that vei# foU shall be fed. You wiJLnot have .much in tuiei "CtorM, vperba pa, hut: -you shallvhave tlie kmdoffr . of goddheer about that. Ybgl inheritance yet tSbdfcrtfre ; you simlf b&ve; ffie Kmgdonii j You h6w ti. re.vpisioOary interest in- eternal glfrty, and this IhtfOiVta' sdbplifes; he who promises the end Kill ro ride for the j Some- of 'the Lordsest jieuple a're -tin »sb that! hafte to suffer most, but it, is becatikfe they can I here glorify Hint most by f offering. 2 thiVvk I the angels in heaven xnustilniost cpxy A clii id j of God who lias i. he power and the privtlegeii-o suffer for Christ's sake ; for dbubtiiss- angels render perfect sei vice to the hea venly King, I yet not to be suffering. . Theirs is active and j not passive obedience to the ..will of God. MnMiinis tfrty will cluster round some of you in haven, a fid ss$\ "You lived - dov n at Bethfrfil Green, «>r J5h6ied?Sofi i. Ah," Ff f®- The angels will sav, " What splt/bf ij jbh&e; did y«h live in? G no dark room ? Yo $ee very poor; you were out of 'work ; ami dM y6u trufet God'?" - The angels will; be1 pleased »« you tell fheih, " Oh, yesj we Went to tlj® heavenly Father still, |uid; we said, 'Though He slay ine, yet wij I fcrfrit hi Hiin.' " Thkt is the grandest thing that a ma a ever did say ; at h a-t, I think it is. Mr. Cuff some fine things, . but he never uttered, a uoblfi? | sentence than that — "Though He\ slay me, j yet will I trust in Him." The expression is sublime ! When J ob had lost everything, alter being immensely rich, he Bat on a dunghill, and scraped his sores, and he said, "Naked came I out of my mtfthet's. womb, and naked shall I return thither." He was reduced to the most abject want, and yet he added— "The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken, away ; .blessed be the name of the Lord." Ye cherubim and seraphim, in all your sougs no stanza excels that heroic verse. Ang:els cannot rise to such a height of sublime devo tion to the Invisible One as Job did when in his misery he glorified his -God by abiding confidence. Ob, you that are brought very low, you have grand opportunities for hoiunu- ing God if you will but trust him. " Fear not." "Fekf fibt." " Fear not the loss Of oiltward good, He will for his.nrondr# Give tliem supplies of daily food, And all they want fi'esidft." And he will give you spiritual food t&o.; When God saves his people he gives tliefn spiritual food to live upon till they get to heaven. God does not give us treatment like that which the Duke of Alva measured put to a city which had surrendered. He agreed to give the inhabitants their lives, but when they complained that they were dying of hunger, he maliciously replied. "I granted you your lives, but I did not promise you j food/ Our God does not talk so. He includes j in the promise of salvation all th&Lgoes; with j it ; and tyott gball have all you really want between here ahd beaten, wherefore fear not. YI. Lastly, tiifre fails the; but I was going r to close with that World lit the twenty -seventh I of Acts, the twentyffotirth verse, where ;tlie Lord sent is angel to his servant Paul fh the time of the shipwreck, and said to hiin : I " Fear not, Paul ; thou must be brought j before Ccesar ; and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee." , So I pray God that all the pearls in the future — all imminent ills and dangers which surround you now — may not cause you to fear, for the Lord will not suffer a hair of your bead to "perish, but lie that has made you will bear you through, and make you more than con querors too. Tried people of God. rest in the Lord, and your confidence shall be your strength. You have often heard of the boy on board ship in time of storm who was the only person that was not afraid. " When they asked him why he did not fear, he said, " Because my father is at the helm." We have still better cause foi casting away all fear, for not only is our Father at the belm but our Father is every where, holding the winds and the waves in the hollow of his hand. No trouble can happen to you or to me but what he ordains or permits. No trial can come but what he will restrain and overrule. No evil can happen but what 3ball certainly .work for good to them that love God. Therefore be npt afraid. What though the howling tempest yell, and the ship creak and groan as she labpurs among the waves, and you think that nothing but destruction awaits you, fear not ! Let not fear linger for a single moment in the presence of the eternal Christ who says, "'It is I. Be not afraid." May God grant that his own " Fear not may go home to the -heart of every one here present iu some form or other ; and unto his name be glory, world without end. Amen. vtasidence of the" parents, by the Rev. W L Banks, assisted by ttrs Rev. E. \Y. JSve, George, youngest son of the later Shanes Cornell, of Rq- : "Chester, England, to Sarah, eldest daughter iJpbn Wright, of Armstrong stretf; Ballarat. FilSL DELAYER. — On the 8th inst., at the residence Of the bfrde's brother, by the Rev. W. Currir William Graham Field. C.E. 'engineer-in-ehiei's de partment) only obn of the late John Field of , Geetong, to- EmjJy Sar-(Minnic), eldest iidtKhter p ofithfr bpe George-Lav er, of Kyneton. HENDY-— D A Y Y.— G n the 14th inst., at Christ" church, South yarra, by the Rev. H. F. Tucker J. B, Eendy to Mary Ann, daughter of Edward Davy ». R T / & KNU(&kYiffijIlk.4-On; ih«E6tKj list at the ... residehce:j rt btifle's'faGfhcy: -W'.xfc PWllipmuSy, of GerppegtiFi; i - Iate of CiiineSjito Mme, eldest daughter oNihefete Mr Thomas Bwwiall.lHiiOTpy,. „ , LATIMER - TAYLOR. - On the 17th April, at the residence of the bride's parents, Fair View, Strath bogie, by Rev. James Lowe, Benalla, Andrew, eldest son of John Latimer, Cullion House, county Fermaugh, Ireland, to Mary Jane, eldest daughter of John Taylor. MORISON — H AGGER. — On the Oto.-mst.j af the JnL- ddpendent Church, Collins street, by the,-j&ev; .Alexa'ndcr Mcrison, father of the bridegrG aso,siedT by tne liey. D. J. Hamer, Philip Alexander Morisori, of MeibCurne, to Elizabeth Watts, second daughter of tbe late Joseph Hagger, Esq., of Albion, Keilor Plains. / : , ir-_ RiGRDAN — MACKNlGHT.- On the 16th inst, iat St George's Church, East St,- Xiklf hy toe Rev. Pro- fer Kento.ul, assisted by the Revs A. M'Yesn ; and is. Kobmson, tee Rev. V. fit. : Riornan, ef Chalmers Chnr6li,.SiB,ndhurst, eldesteon of the lat-e Captain Hiordafi. YC., of il.Mi I7th Regiment, to Eva, eldest daughter oL ffie late Charles Hamikon Mackiiight, of Dunmore, /Victoria. WATT — LAUDER.— On the inst,, at Christ Chuvch, St, Kilda, by the BeV. J.;-; Stanley Low, James, eldest son of Charles Watt, SSoenee Ponds, to Sybil, only daughter of toe latff George EL Lauder, South Melbourne. . Deaths. COGfeBURSl.— Oa the 17th inst.,, at" her residenoo, Rothetvi'Obd street. Richmond, Anne, the- wife -of O. B. Coehbririr, after tw ad ays' illness. GUNNER. — Oh the 22nd, Mary Hdnnsh, second daughter of Thmaas And Mury Gunner, of 22 Eastbourne street, Windsor. ' ; HAND. — On the 19th inst.; ftt Lilydale, Frances, the beloved Avife of William Hand,- sen., aged seventy- four years; "PrecioUh in toe sight of . toe Lord is the death of his saints." HANSEN;— On toe 19to April, at Oafbhenrell road Upper Hawthorn, Mary, the Leloyedf afrd affec- tionate wife of Henry Hansen (of Hanseif, Wright and Co ). Was buried on 20th at Boroondars Cense tery.- _ JACKSON.- — Ofr the 17th inst., at the postand_ tele graph-office Benalla. of diphtheritic croup, ' Edith Lucy (Lulie).- the beloted daughter of George ahil iillenor Jacltsen, aged three years. LANGLEY.— On the £2nd urst., at -2 Victoria -build ings, Queen street, the infant son of Joshua and Matilda Largley, aged eight days. « \- MILLER/— On the 26th ifist., at Parikview-houce, Wellington. Para.de, Eart Melbourne, Sarah ..Ann Miller, aged sixty-four, of Cheshire;; Englahfi, Doeply regretted. Home papers please copy" MITCHELL. — 03 toe 23rd mrt.\ Hrs HannHh Slitchell, aged eighty years ;"the' l»l&ved; mother ol Mrs Reed, 74 Lygqiiatteftt, Carltoh. /' M'LAUGHLIN.— Oil the 18th inst., at Hawthorn, Nellie, intern, .daughter of J. M'Ldnhlih, aged right months. ' . .. ... ? . -= r - <«. V>" MORTIMER.— On the; 18th inst., suddenly,; at her residence, 37 Latrobe street west, Mrs. 3. H. Mor timer. MUNCKTOif.— On 22nd inst., at toe residence of G. A. Miller, Arnold street, Sandhurst, from fiCtiOuu apoplexy, James, the - youngest son of Janus Russell Munckton. Esq., of Coliban estate; Redes- . dale, aged thirt>one years: - T ; A i ri 'ZQpt - PARKER. — Oh . the 18th . inst., at -AfiipTey- koiiM, South Yarra, Joshua Goldsbrougb, sixth son of the late Hugh Parker, eged twenty-five years. v J POWER. — On the 18th' iDst., suddenly, at North Adelaide railway station, David Power, of Clpviw dale, Toorak, aged sixty-nine years. . : . . / SUMNER— On the" 50to inst., at Stony Park, Bruns wick, Theodotus John Sumner, aged sixty-tore \- years, " ' ; ' ' ' ' TYMMS. — Oh the-12th inst.', at post and telegrapK- officc, lloreham, Muriel Wimmera, only daughter hi Henry J. T. and Agnes Tymms, aged seven 'mohtosl WHITEHEAD. — On the. :7th in6t.,„ at Milchestcrr North Queensland/Rose, intent daughter of Mr J, B. Whitehead, hgeid three months. ' - ... 