THE STORY-TELLER. SAVED BY AN ECLIPSE. [By H.J.C.] I was sitting in my study the other day, chatting with an old friend about various matters, but more particularly about the eclipse which had just taken place. We had been speculating upon the different theories of half-savage nations upon the matter, when suddenly there came to my remem- brance an incident connected with an eclipse that had years ago been communicated to me, by a party concerned. I mentioned it to my friend, and he at once requested me to tell it to him. I may here state that my friend J. B., though now a wealthy Adelaide gentle- man, had been an old mate of mine on the diggings, and together we had shared the roughness, hardness, and good fortune of a digger's life. " You remember the Mount Elephant Plains?" I asked. " Well, some years before I knew you I and my brother Fred were at the Rokewood Diggings ; but meeting with no success we determined to go to Fiery Creek. I had been there before my brother had joined me, and thought I knew of a piece of ground that would refill our almost empty purses. To reach the place we had to cross the Elephant Plains—a long dreary tramp of some fifty miles. The ground was not absolutely a dead level. In places it was of a rolling character, and so we obtained occasional shelter from the keen cutting winds which swept over it. In the distance, to our left, we could see Mount Elephant, save when a driving mist hid it from our view. On our right, and at a distance varying from two to four miles, was a range, scantily covered with timber, and in whose recesses the ' Brown's' and other minor diggings were located. We travelled in this uncomfortable weather the day through, and, as night drew on, having accomplished about twenty-five miles, we anxiously looked about for a good camping ground. Not a tree had we passed on our day's march, and not a bit of fuel could we find, and so were unable to boil our billy and warm ourselves with a pannikin of tea. The evening became colder as the sun declined, and we felt that we must seek a camp where there was plenty of firewood. This could only be obtained in the range, and so we struck off the road to a point about two miles distant, and where a gully offered pro- tection from the wind. As we drew near we could see by a fire that was burning that the place was already occupied, and as we crossed a little spur we observed a small tent. Cross- ing over we threw down our swags on the opposite side of the fire, and were soon busy in fixing our own tent and making prepara- tions for our supper. While we were doing this one our dogs barked, and a man came hastily from the tent towards us. As he drew near we could see the tears running down his cheeks. " ' Mates,' he said,' my wife's dying, and I've nothing to give her. If I had but a drop of spirits!' "Fortunately we had some in our flasks, for we always kept some in reserve against acci- dents. "' Here's some, mate,' I said; ' and you're very welcome to it. Perhaps we can help, for I know a little about sickness.' " Oh, come then, come,' he replied eagerly, and I at once proceeded to the tent. " When we entered I saw lying upon a few leaves and covered with blankets, a woman, who could not have been more than thirty five years of age. The effect of exposure and disease could not hide the loveliness that had once been hers. Her eyes were large and soft, though now they gleamed with un- natural brilliancy, her face was oval, and a wealth of glossy brown hair, more abundant than I have ever seen on any other woman, lay over the pillow and enshrouded the upper part of her body. At a glance I could see that she had not long to live, and though the stimulant we administered revived her for a few moments, it was not long ere she expired, leaning on her husband's breast, and with one hand fondly clasped in his. " I tell you, Jack, I have never felt so melancholy in my life as then. The evident poverty of the couple, the terrible pang it gave them to part, together with the wildness of the night, affected me greatly, and I fairly broke down while trying to give consolation to the stranger. "How he fared that night I do not know. This I remember, that, tired with my tramp, I soon dozed off, but whenever I awoke. I could see him marching backward and for- ward from the fire to his tent, and I believe he kept this up all night. " In the morning, after consultation with my brother, I advised the stranger to bury his wife at once, and so choosing a site beneath a weeping gum we consigned her body to its last resting-place. If ever a man's heart was buried with his wife's, that man's was. I met him years after. He was in better circumstances, but he never married again, and the mention of his wife never failed to bring tears to his eyes." "It is very affecting," said my friend, " but what has this to do with an eclipse?" "I am just coming to it," I answered. " The evening of the day on which we buried her we were sitting round the fire. Fred had been away over the range, and had found a store, where he had purchased the pro- visions we needed, and had added to them a bottle of spirits. A deadness had fallen upon the stranger. He scarcely seemed to feel —he appeared in a dream all the time, and we wished to rouse him out of such a state. So we mixed some hot grog, and made him drink it. This stirred him up a little, and after a flood of tears he began to talk. The theme of his discourse was Jessie, and by- and-by from generalities with respect to her good qualities and perfections he slid into the following narrative of the way in which he became acquainted with her. I give it in his own words as nearly as I can:— " ' Yer must know, mates, my name's Dick Sampson. I come from London. I've been out here a lot of years, and I spent a heap of time over on the Sydney side. My wife's name is, leastways was, Jessie Graham, and a good one she's been. We've been married nearly eighteen years. I'm what they call a handy man in the bush —good at anything. I can shear, drive bul- locks, build huts, shepherd, and yer can't find a man to beat me at damper-making or Johnnys-on- coals, though I says it as perhaps oughtn't to say it. Well, the way I come to pick up my missus was this way. I'd been away up on the Ballon shearing, and me and three others was a coming down, intending to have a spree in Sydney, for we had heavy cheques—two or three little uns, however, for the road, lest we should melt all before we got down. As we cum along the rivers we heard tell on the blacks that they were a bit nasty, and cutting up rough rather. How- ever, we didn't care. We'd each got carbines and bulldogs (pistols) and good horses, and so we thought we were safe. Jim Doolan (he'd been the ringer at the last shed, for I'd hurt my hand, and couldn't tally as many as he by five) seemed a bit skeary, but Dan Kit- ten was as bold as a dingo with a bandicoote. He didn't care a bit—not he. He'd had a brush or two with the blacks afore, and says he, "If you only put on a bold front you needn't fear." Well, we gets down near Tar- naki Station, and things began to get warm. We sees a hut there burnt to the ground, and a lot o' dead sheep a lyin' about, and a water-cask broken to bits, and a heap o' flour spilt about. At this Jim wanted to turn back, but we tells him p'raps its worse be- hind, and we'd better push forward; and at last we agreed. I tells yer mates I began to feel a little skeary too, and Dan wasn't quite so bumptious. This was near sundown, and we couldn't ride much further lest we should ride right into a camp of the darkies. They couldn't be far—we could tell by their tracks. We had a talk together and made up our minds to ride on till it was dark, and then turn down into a bend of the river and camp without fire, keeping watch and watch through the night. Well, we'd forgotten that it was moonlight that we had, and just afore the sun went down up jumped the moon nearly full. Fact was, the next night was the full. Well, there was nothing for it but to chance it. So we turned suddenly off the road, and, as luck would have it, got into a nice snug bend, clear on the land side but for polygonum bushes, and shut out from the other side of the river by a high belt of reeds. We were mighty tired, I can tell yer, for we had come a long way, so we soon cross-hoppled our horses and tethered them as well, and arter a drink of water and a crust Dan and I turned in while Jim kept the first watch. Mine was the next watch, and when Jim called me he said all was quiet, but he heard a sort of moaning in the reeds a bit away. We both listened, but I thought it was only the wind, and Jim turned in and was soon asleep. I took my carbine, and stuck my bulldogs in my belt after seeing them all right, and walked up and down a bit. By-and-by I got tired of walking. There was a little round rise close by, like them yer sees near wombat holes, and there was a old log on it, and I thinks it would be a good place to rest, cos I could see all round at the same time. It was nearer the reeds, too, where was the most danger from a surprise. Well, I sits there some time. Sometimes I hears the moaning, and some times it would stop. But it seemed singular to me to be always in one spot, and though not afeard of anything I kept my eye on it. By- and-by I thought I saw the reeds moving morn they should with the wind, and I lays down by the log and points my carbine ready cocked over it, for I knew in a brush it would be best to have the first pull. Presently I sees something come out of the reeds. It didn't look like a black fellow, but I couldn't see plain, for though the moon was a good height, the figure was in the shader. Presently it came out of the shadder and stood and moaned, and I thought it was a ghost, and my blood curdled, I kin tell yer. It moved on again, and I was just a pulling the trigger when the moon came from behind a cloud, and I could see it was a white gal. I jumped up and run towards her. Directly she sees me she makes a small cry, and turns to run. I expect she took me for a black. But she did not run far before she fell, and I soon pulls up to her. She was in a dead swoon, and no wonder, poor thing, for when I lifts her up I found she had a broken spear in her arm. Well, I carries her to the camp and rouses my mates, for when there was a gal with a spear in her about there was no telling how close them as done it were. It took some time afore she came to herself. We bathed her face with water, and did what we could; but we didn't know much about it. Well, she come to at last, but not before I had drawed the spear out, lesstways pushed it through, for it was one of them jagged sort, and the point had gone clean through the flesh of her arm, and the broken part was six inches out on the other side. But I had pushed it through, and I think the pain brought her to as much as the water. Well, she opened her eyes with a shudder. I expect she thought she'd see the murdering savages; but when she seed it was white men, she closed them again, and I could see two big tears come under her lids and roll down her cheeks. I can't tell yer how I felt, mates, but Dan was for running off to find the brutes who done it, and I had a job to keep him back. By-and-by, Jessie, for it was her that was my wife, mates, comes to, and arter we had bruised some pigface and bound up her arm with it, she up and tells us all about it. It 'pears that her father was working overseer at Tarnaki, and that morning, when the Super, with two stockmen, was away, the blacks had stuck the place up. They'd been warned, but they'd allers been so good to the blacks, they warn't afeard, and so warn't ready. The blacks made short work; the cook was killed by a spear as he stood at the hut door, and when Jessie's father ran out with a gun afore he could fire a whole lot of spears stuck in him like so many pins. Jessie and her mother then ran out; and one spear struck Jessie in the arm and broke, while a brute of a black rushed forward, and Jessie saw him split her mother's head open with a toma- hawk. Jessie was beside a clump of bushes when she was speared. This clump was alongside of a deep dry creek full o' bushes. While the blacks rushed the hut to get at the stores Jessie crept down the bank and crawled through the bushes a long way. Then she got on the bank and ran as fast as she could to the river, about a mile away, where was a canoe. She wanted to cross the river to the next station, but the canoe was gone. Then she turned up the river and walked through the reeds, being afeard the blacks would see her, until she got so tired and had to lie down. It was her that we'd heard a moaning. '' 'Well, we somehow managed to doze till the first grey streak of light, and then we made a fire of the highest-and-driest sticks we could find, so as there might be no smoke, don't yer see? and then we had a pannikin of tea each, and that made us fresh agin. Arter that we had a talk; and Jessie says it won't do to go along the river 'cos the blacks was thick there; but she could show us across the bush and back of Tarnaki, past the old "Pudla" hut, and she didn't think they'd be there. So we started—Jess upon my horse, 'cos it was the gentlest—and one of us walked by turns. We struck off from the river, and bymby we could see Tarnaki away off to the right. We could see it a-smoking. The niggers had set it alight, arter taking all they could. Well, when Jessie saw the smoke it brought back to her mind her father and mother, and nothing would do but she must go there and cover them up. I seed she meant it, and so says I to Dan I'm going, too, and he says the same: but Jim Doolan wouldn't go at any price. " What's the use," says he, "o' throwing away our lives for dead carcasses!" The beast—I could have punched his head! " Yer kin go if yer likes ; I'll push on." With that he rode off and we turned down to the station. Howsom- dever, it wor no use, for when we got there we found nothing but a mass of smoking ruins. We couldn't see the bodies, but pre- sently Jessie utters a cry—she'd seen some of their bones burnt most to a cinder. The darned blacks when they set fire to the house had throwed the bodies in and they were burnt right up. There were nothing for it now but to make tracks. We'd seen nothing of the niggers, and so we thought we were safe. We travelled along as fast as we could along a kind of gully for about three miles with water here and there. Bymby Jessie led us over a rise, and about a mile off we could see Pudla. It was just the walls of a hut—the roof had tumbled in long ago. It stood on a little round, stony hill, and there was a solitary sheaoak standing by where the chimney was. Well, we hadn't got about a quarter of the distance when we heard a gun and saw the smoke rise from the hut. " Hullo," says Dan, " Jim's got into a mess; we'd better travel, too, and get to the hut, or we'll be killed in the open." "' He was a riding, cos it was my turn to walk ; but I started to run, and Jess and Dan whipped up their horses, and we travelled smart, I tell yer. Dan wanted to get down and let me ride, but I wouldn't, cos I was lighter than he, and could run better. Just then we heard a yell behind us, and there was a sight to put speed into us if you like. There was close on twenty blacks behind, ayelling like mad and a-preparing to throw their spears. They threw'em, but we were too far an arunning, so they hurt no body. " " Go it my, cripples," says Dan ; " I'll give yer an ounce of lead directly," and with that he was agoing to unstrap his carbine. " "Hold on, Dan," says I, as well as I could, for my breath was a going pretty fast, "hold on and save yer powder, for yer'l want it." "' By this time the blacks had got too close to be pleasant, and threw another shower of spears. One on 'em struck Dan's horse and he fell. But Dan was off like a shot, and turning round he fired at the blacks, who were making a rush, and knocking one over, stopped their gallop. Dan seized hold of the other side of Jessie's bridle, and we started again at the run, and before the blacks had recovered themselves we were behind the logs. " ' The hut had been substantially built of horizontal logs, well fitted together to keep off the blacks. The walls were now only five feet high, the top ones having been toppled over inside. The door was all right, and built of strong slabs. It was a right good place for safety, and could have been, defended a long time. But the odds were agin us. We hadn't much tucker; and no water, and our ammunition wouldn't hold out long. As I said before, the blacks got their pluck agin we were inside and hot for a fight, but we soon cooled down when we saw Jim, who was a lying on his back, with three spears in him, and he was nearly gone. He rubbed his eyes a bit, and says, "Good- by, mates," when the blood came pouring from his mouth, and he was gone. "' That yer sight put a calker on us, but we hadn't much time to think, for the blacks were coming on agin with a yell, sending a shower of spears in front of them. Some on them stuck in the walls outside, and some fell inside, but none on 'em struck us. As I said jist now, the topmost logs had fallen inside, and when we got on 'em we could take good aim, at the darkies—Dan on one side and me on the other. We jumped up, and not too soon, for they were within half a dozen yards when we let fly. We each dropped our man, and the beggars scattered for a few minutes. This went on till nearly night, the blacks making a rush every half-hour or so, but Dan and I keeping cool kep 'em back each time. Just afore night Dan says— " '" They'll make another grand rush and then'll knock off till the moon's a good height." "' " Yes,Dan," I says, "but the ammunition is running out, I'm afeared it's a gone case with us." "' " Never say die till yer dead," says he, we'll get out of the scrape, with the gal, too, you bet." "' Well, yer know, this kinder cheered me up, and l expect that's what Dan wanted, for, as he told me arter, he expected to have been catsmeat afore the morning. Just afore dark true enough the blacks did make a rush, and we fired not only our carbines but our pistols afore they fell back. Then we commenced to reload, but hadn't half done when we heard a scrambling, and then seed a dozen black heads coming, over the logs. Jess, who had been sitting quiet in a corner all the time, jumps up and seizes poor Jim Doolan's' car- bine, which we'd forgot, and puts it in my hand, while she takes his pistols and gives one to Dan, and fires the other herself. I'm blest if she didn't, and knocked the black bird over too. This gave us double heart, and so we fired, and, using our weapons as waddies, soon drove the fellers back again, and looking over, the logs we could see them drawing off to their camp. "' We now had time to breathe, and to take stock. We found we had no more ammuni- tion than would charge all our pieces, and our prospect looked melancholy enough. Jessie tried to encourage us and look cheerful; but she was awful pale, and her arm must have hurt her a goodish bit Hows'ever we launched away at a hunk of damper to keep up our strength, and after that Dan says— " ' " We may as well have a smoke, Dick. The last one I reckon, old man." " ' "Well, I expect it is," says I, " but we'll make a rush for it bymby. Jessie says there's a creek about a mile away, and if we could reach that we'ed be safe from these fellers, as the tother side belongs to a tribe that they're afeard of." "' " We must wait a bit. says Dan;" don't yer see their fires are spread along, and we've no chance yet? If we can only beat them off next brush then well try or die." "' So we smoked away silentlike. Death seemed very near, an' it don't make a man talk much, specially when he's nothing par- ticular to say. " ' Well, to shorten my tale, the moon rose and was about a hour high before we heard anythink. Then a cloud came over the moon, and we heard the beggars sneaking up. They'd learnt to come quietlike, for they saw we wer'n't to be played with. All at once they made a rUsh and were on the logs. We fired, but they did not stop, and three on 'em had dropped right inside, and one on 'em had HIS tomahawk to brain poor Jess, and two more came atoppling down on me. Just then the cloud cleared off the moon, though it didn't get any lighter, and the blacks threw down their weapons and burst into a wail, for all the world like a death wail. At the same time we could hear the Iubras in their distant camp abeating ov their 'possum cloaks like thunder, and asinging like mad. "' Quick as lightning Dan had downed two of the blacks in front of him with the butt of his piece, and I knocked senseless the one by the girl. The others cleared out, and went scampering and howling as if Old Nick was arter them back to their camp. We wondered at our luck, but chancing to look up at the moon we saw the secret. We were Saved by an Eclipse ! We understood it now, and we saw our chance. Carefully stealing out of the hut we put Jessie on one of the horses and led the other till we got over the rise. Then I mounted behind Jessie, and Dan mounted too, and away we rode. " 'Well, we've had all sorts of luck since. I married Jessie. Poor gal, she's had a hard life; though I don't think she was unhappy. She caught a cold some time back—and now she's gone.'" 