Literary Notices, PHYSICAL GEOQBAFHY AKB5 CLIMAT» ' . «F "NEW. SOUTH WALES. By H, C. . KUSSBLL, H.A., ¡ F.B.A.S. RssrjiiTS OF BAIN AN» ETVEB ÔBSEBVATMKNS MABJB INNKW SOUTH WALBS DUBING 18à3. By H. C. BUSSELL, B.A., F.B.A.S, Mr. Bussell, the Government Astronomer fer this colony, has done the country a service by compiling the abôve-mentionéd pamphlets. They have been printed and published, by tho au thority of tho Government, at the Government Printing Office. The pamohiet on the physical geography and climate of New South Wales will supply an educational want which has long been felt, for although wo have many treatises on physical geography, in whieh thc physical cha racteristics of Australia aro incidentally men tioned, wo have not hitherto had any compila tion in which the subject bas been treated exhaustively, and in detail. Mr. Bussell, from his position as Government Astronomer, and bia scientific habits of thought, is peculiarly quali fied to give authentic informat ion on the subjects he baa discussed in these pamphlets. He treats of the principal coast rivers, the harbour*, winds, drought and rainfall, and under each head gives much useful information. In tho pamphlet on the results of rain and river observations, be maintains that enly a small percentage of the rainfall on the waterahed of the Darling eould possibly have escaped through the drainage of the rivera % and, consequently, the great bulk of the rainfall mnst havo sunk into the earth. An objection te this inference might be urged on the ground that we do not know the rate of evaporation \ and, consequently, cannot say posi tively that the rainfall has not been evaporating by degrees as it foll, or shortly after its fall. That evaporation ia very rapid under the influence of a hot sun we know, but the exact rate of that evaporation we do not know ; and, until we do know it, reasoning on the subject must be taken for what it is worth. The amount of rain which falls annually on a watershed does not fall all at once, and the moment a shower is over evapo ration begins, so that it ia quite possible the rain that falls may be speedily licked up by the winda, and may not sink into the earth at all. Further and more , exact information is very mueh wanted on thia point, for if one tenth of tho rainfall on the watershed of the Dar ling would keep the river running the whole year many feet above navigation level, and nine or (say) öcver-tentha of the rain sank into the earth, while this has been going on fdr thousands, per haps millions, of years- there must be either some underground river to earry off the water, or else there must be underground lakes or reser voirs practically inexhaustible. The pamphlet in which Mr. Bussell treats of the rainfall for last year is illustrated by a map of curves, shewing the heights ot the western rivers of the colony during last year V by a diagram showing the monthly distribution of rain in each square degree of the colony for the same year ; and also by a diagram, showing the average rain fall for the whole colony from 1874 to 1883. In compiling these pamphlets Mr. Bussell bas rendered an important service to the colony ; for, as we have already said, they supply an educa? tional want that has long been felt by teachers of youth ; and are adapted to exert more or less influence over economic statesmanship and pri vate enterprise relative to the search for,: and conservation of, water in the Darling and other analagous districts. : v h Leayes from the Diary of HKNBY GREVILLE, edited by the Viscountess ENFIELD. . Second series, with portrait. London t Smith, Elder, and Co., 1884. ":- /? A continuation bf the pleasant gossip contained in the volume of selections from the diary of Henry Greville, published last year, will be welcomed by a large circle of readers. Those who take, it up with the expec tation of finding it a counterpart of that chronique scandaleuse which was left for the astonishment of his contemporaries, and the pos sible edification of posterity, by bis brother Charles, will indeed be disappointed. On most of such matters as the latter was remorselessly explioit in regard of, Henry Greville is reticent. In recording his impressions of the many dis tinguished people, with whom he came in contaet, the dissection of their private characters evidently formed no part of his plan, and it hardly needs the assurance con veyed in the short preiatory remarks contributed to the volume before us by the Countess of En field to convince anybody who peruses it that her uncle was, an amiable and good-natured man. Greville haB more than one good story to tell which has the rare merit of not being an old friend in a new dress.. Here, for example, is a ion mot of O'Connell's. When Lady H-went to Dublin as Lady Lieutenant, Dan remarked of her that "she had every quality of a kitehen poker, without its occasional warmth.'* Equilly characteristic is Sydney Smith's saying of a dashing widow, that " When Mrs M appears m the neighbourhood, the whole horizon is darkened with Majors." He.quotes the rather happy retort of a man who waa arguing against the theory that Bacon wrote Shakespeare's plays, and who said that it would bo quite aa reasonable for his opponent to maintain that Lord Brougham was the author of the Waverley Novels. DiningatHollandHouse in April, 1S56,he meets Macaulay and tho celebrated French litterateur Prosper Merimeo. "Nothing" he writes, " is so wonderful as the universal knowledge of Maoaulay." Lord Lansdowne asked him if it were likely that Sir Joshua had painted Lord Bath because a portrait of him had been proposed to Lord E. Macaulay imme diately said, " Why not ? " He died in a certain year-both of which he namod-and the only reason against it being by Sir Joshua is that Lord .Bath was very stingy, and, pérh ipa, would not nave paid a h.igh pri'co for his portrait, evento' Eoynolds. ' Bat then/ added'Macaulay, ' Sir JoBüa&V; óírly pettraitä wörö not' very highly' It vat a question ol Shakespeare's rel gion¿ Borne one said he was probably a Pro' ea« taut;' and quoted the famous lines in " King !'John "as proof. Macaulay said the lines of the ghost in "Hamlet" relating to Purgatory might be adduced in favour of contrary assump tion, and that Shakespeare never spoke of monks and other Catholic constitution, but with re spect. Probably, he said, he was, like many other men of that time, against the supremacy of the Pope, and that his religion floated between Pro testantism and Catholicism. Greville thus briefly sketches Merimeo :-" He is very clever, and has a shrewd countenance, but is too cynical to be pleasant. He speaks English with great fluency." As English gentlemen of thepresent day are still confessedly somewhat hazy in their notions of these colonies, it was excusable in Henry Gre ville, writing nearly thirty years ago, ,whon in referring to the Victorian Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, he comprehensively described the.'posi tion to which the latter had been appointed aa' that of " the Governship of Australia." 1 Àïï ardent admirer of the drama, Greville waa " imineuaoly struck " with the acting of Ristori. whom he saw ff>r the first time at Paris in 1855\. The play was Alfieri'ß " Mirrah." People of course, ho says, " compare her with Rachel ; but no two actresses can be more unlike each other. Risto-i bas more calm, more tendernesp, more grace, and is more natural. She has; per haps less power, less mordant than Rachel ; but I doubt if anyone could aot ' Mirrah' more finely." Ho, however, thought that she was only supremo in the expression of tenderetes?, till on Beeing her Bhortly after in another- drama of Alfieri's-" Rosamunda"-ho was BO im« pressed by tho vehemence with which she inter preted the terrible attributes of that character that he declared it " prevented bis sleep ing all night." Yet, in strange contradiction te this opinion is the fact, as he heard,'that Charles Dickens, who witnessed Ristori during her first season at Paris, thought her " a 'hum bug;" and felt confident that " she would never go down in London ;" and that Thackeray also, as his daughter told Greville, "did not admire her at all." Few who have seen the great ac! ress will dispute the perfect correctness of the diarist's comments on tho whimsically adverse criticism of the author of "Copperfield" and the author of " Vanity Vair." " The first," he observes, *' ia simply ridiculous, as time will prove ; the second isa mere matter of taste, and, to my thinking, vory queer taste." Elsewhere Dickens is pictured more as himself when speaking of a dinner at which he had met Georges Sand, He was ," very funny about the illustrious authoress ; her quiet manner and little person were not at all what he had expected, He said he had always figured her as a sort ol glorified monthly nurse. She is short and dumpy, with enormous eyes and a disagree able mouth, a gentle voice, and, as Dickens said, a gentle manner." One more brief sample must finish our extracts from this entertaining book. At the baptism of the Prince Imperial, the infant, on being banded to the officiating cardinal, set up a prodigious yell. " It is easy to see," remarked the Parisians, " that the poor child doesn't care to trust himself to the clergy " / As Henry Greville survived some 16 years'later than the date to which the second series of his diary is brought down, it is to bo hopodLthab it did not cease there ; and, if not, that bia) noble kinswoman may yet see ber way to publish'som« further leaves from it. ! IXLUSTIt ATED HlflTOBT OV THB WORLD POR THB ENGLISH PEOPLE J from the earliest times to the present day ; profusely illustrated ' with high-class engravings. London: Ward, Lock and Co., Warwick House, Salisbury-square E.C. * We have received from Mr. William^ Steels (agent and representative of Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co. in the Australasian colonies) 3/ Blenheim street, St. Kilda, Melbourne,' " The Illustrated History of the World)," in two volumes. It has been well said that " histories make men -wisc." Australians readily acknowledge the truth of this aphorism, and it has often been remarked by visitors from other lands how reverently and assiduously and with what pride "cornstalks" and " currency lasses" study the records of the great nation from which we hare sprung. ; It is well to encourage a taste for historical reading among Australians ; and, indeed, no'more attrac tive publication than that now under notice could be obtained for the purpose indicated.. 'The work has been prepared with the greatest care. It is marvellously accurate and complete, and tells in dear, simple language, the story of th« world from the earliest times of mankind right up to the present advanced period of civilisation. The three great divisions-ancient, mediwyal, and modern-have, of course, been retained ; but these have been subdivided in such a way as to enable the reader to grasp very easily the im portance and relationship of the various epochs to each other, and to understand at a glance the influence of the different nations and periods upon one another. Besides, tho facta are placed before the reader with the greatest possible impartiality j and the student is thus allowed to draw his own conclusions from the authentic statements which have been BO cleverly collated for his guidance. The "History" is profusely illustrated with beautiful engravings, which serve to enhance the attractiveness of the publication ; and, altogether the book may be strongly recommended to Austra lians as a standard work of reference, Euitable alike for the drawing-room table and the library. Of a truth, he who has attentively conned Ward, Lock, and Co.'s " History of the World "¿may ba appropriately called "a well-read man.'*- We understand that the book can be bought at a very moderate price in any of the branches Of the New South Wales Railway Bookstall Company, lt is to be hoped that the " History ¿of the I World'' will attain in these colonies a circulation i worthy of its high merit. '.i-'* , Queen Elisabeth of Rouraania is a painter, of some repute, and writes aa woii aa a newspaper reporter/ -The example of. the Great Northern Railway io erec&ng; Turkieb>baths for ita horses, is being followed 