[?] CBy Oomus.) LARlilKINISM TRIUMPHANT. The poet someM'here hath beautifully said, -r Never morn to evening wore, But some heart did break. This is hardly .applicable to Sydney. The correct tiling as far as regards the ' New South Wales rae- 'tropolis M'ould be, Never morn to evening wore. But some buck got whacked 1 And qnite right, too. We've had a regnlar U'eek of hoodlumism. Deeds daring and desperate have been done : and hairbreadth 'scapes have been recorded. The m-eek began m'ith the rumour that Conway, one of the "heroes" in that deplorably disgusting Waterloo tragedy, was ' ' passing in his checks '' ill the Jug. But no such luck. He's very much alive for a dead 'un, and will bob up serenely at the trial very shortly. After having been treated to tlie attempted suicide out Waverley way, m'e were regaled with an inquest on a poor little child, at wlioin his father had thrown a can dlestick, thereby fracturing its skull. And, finally, the m'eek m'as m'ound up m'itli tm'o flogging cases ; one at the Central, anil the other at the Water Police Court. But let me speak by the card. a candidate for the lash. Yesterday, the patrons of that frowsy hole, tlie Water Police Court, m'ere entertained with a filthy case. The prisoner m'as a tall man, named John Dean, who said he liad good credentials from Gun- ilagai ; and he m'as charged m'ith having insulted and assaulted a lady in George-street, in a grossly offensive and indecent manner. Tlie particulars m'on't bear publication. Dean was "sent up," but not in the way a good "Dean" usually is. No Bishopric for him ; but, instead, the cold, cold, Jug. The man m'ith the good credentials m'as next charged m'ith having behaved in a most in decent manner in broad daylight in our principal thoroughfare. As this offence came under the flogging clauses of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, the presiding "beak" soon got a brother magis trate to assist him in sentencing the unholy Dean to fifteen lashes, accompanied by some M'ell-timed and severely personal remarks from his Worship. By the time my letter reaches you Dean will have liad his dose of the " uat," and be hugging his back (if he can), and musing over things in general in a cool grot in Read's Hotel, Darlingliurst. This prompt and decisive step upon the part of the Sti pendiary Magistrate I approve and applaud very heartily. I also applaud m'ith equal lieartines flogging sentence no. 2, m'liicli m'as awarded in the Central Police Court on the same day. Won Kerr, a little shrivelled up Chinese carpenter, m'as carrying home some bis cuits along Campbell-street, a few evenings ago, when three loafing larrikins, named O'Brien, Mag- ner, and Mulholland, m'aylaid him, knocked him down, and beat him so mercilessly that he was un recognisable in court, and had to be carried in a chair. For this unprovoked assault Magner and Mulholland u-ere ordered to be flogged with 25 lashes, and O'Brien m'ith five less. Mr. O'Malley Clark, the Stipendiary, in announcing the sen tence, addressed the brutes thus: — "You have committed an assault of a most brutal and unpro voked character, and the Bench think it is high time that an example should be made of men who indulge in such practices. You belong to a class m'hicli is fast becoming a most dangerous poM'er in this community ; a class m'hich brings disgrace on the country, and is a disgrcce to its civilisation. It is from the class to which you belong M'hence come those fiends in human form, m'ho recently, within a very short period, committed the most atrocious crimes m'hich are to be found in the cri minal records of the country." Right you are, Mr. Clark, aud if you had pointed out how " sweet mercy is nobility's true badge," you'd have scored another point. What a pity the Sydney larrikin cannot grapple that time-worn sentiment to his "soul." As my favourite bard observes, "We do pray for mercy ; and that same prayer doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy." I men tioned the Mord "soul" just now in connection with the Sydney larrikin, but I spoke very figura tively, as M e all knoM' the larrikin hasn't got such a commodity about him. And, by the m'ay, in the pantomime nightly, a "touching" reference is made to what is described as the only cure for lar- rikinism — the lash. That line invariably "brings doM'n " the house — "gods" included ; and as every body knows, the "gods" are composed mostly of larrikins. Funuy, isn't it ? ' 1 she's always nagging at me." One of those pathetic and painful episodes which are brought under the noses of the public every noM' and then occurred in the police court the other day. A nice girl of fourteen summers, named Alice Blake, m'as charged m'ith attemping to cut her throat m'ith a razor. She lives with her parents at Waverley, and the other evening m'as sent a message by her mother, m'ho scolded the girl upon her .eturn, for having been too long away. The m'oinan next saM' her daughter in the bedroom of her house, m'ith her throat cut. Fortunately, the wound m'as only superficial, and Alice was able to appear in court m'ith her throat bandaged. She seemed to feel her position acutely, and wept very bitterly. The magistrate had no option but to commit Miss Blake for trial, but he allou'ed her out on light bail. Now, mothers, let this sorrou'- ful affair be a warning to you all. The poor lassie said she cut her throat because her mother was always nagging " at her. Moral: Don't "nag" at your daughter's, or you'll find yourselves in those horrid newspapers one of these fine days. the candlestick affair, m'hich I mentioned incidentally a feM' inches higher up, can be only briefly referred to here, as the mat ter is still sub judicr. Last Saturday evening a man, named Swanbrow, went home drunk, and had a roM' m'ith his m'ife. The furniture was soon flying about ; and a brass candlestick, m'hich papa slung at mama, missed the latter, and hit the child in her arms on the skull. The child died on Mon day morning from a fractured skull ; and at the inquest, on"Wednesday, some nice "taradiddles" m-ere indulged in by the SM'anbroM' family to shield papa SM'anbroM'. The nitnesses tried to make out that the infant had fallen from a sofa upon the floor. The child couldn't, of course, contradict this ; but the police showed their unbelief in the story by arresting SM'anbroM', m'ho will, probably, be " sent up " for murder. So much for crime. AIIom' me noM to trot out st. juggernaut. In the midst of this intense excitement about the Pons comet, it seems very desirable to turn our attention for a feM' brief moments to that modern nuisance, the tram. His insatiable majesty, King Juggernaut, lias fixed his evil eye upon Col lege- street, St. James's Road, &c.;, in order that the Waverly, Woollahra, Randu'ick, and Coogee traffic may be diverted from Elizabeth-street, j m'hich avould thus be eased a little of the great i strain it has to bear daily. The Government has also proposed, forsooth, to build a waiting-room in St. James's Road. Nom-,. m-hen I tell you that ex- Chief Justice Sir Alfred Stephen lives in College- street, and that Sir James Martin, the present Chief Justice, is engaged for the greater part of the year in expounding the lau- of the country iu that funny looking Supreme Court abutting on St. James's Road? you'll fully understand that already a great hue and cry have been raised against this insolent trannvay proposal. Sir James has had a " doum " upon the tramways ever since that fatal day when Lady Martin's carriage broke doM-n u-hile crossing the tram line ; and so you'll " tM-ig " that lie, at least, will fight this matter to the bitter end. As he says, 'tis, indeed, sad that the M-holesale destruction of our streets, and the equally M'liolesale annoyance to a very large num ber of the population m'ho don't use the tramways, should be followed by the threatened annexation of one of the feu- approaches to Sydney from the suburbs, in m'liich people can m-alk, ride, or drive in safety. The danger (he adds) to those m'ho m'alk, ride, or drive in Sydney is iiom- terrible enough ; but if every quiet approach from our suburbs is to he devoted to the tram lines, Sydney m ill become the most dangerous city in the world for traffic of every sort. It behoves the citizens then to demand most clamantly suburban raihvays in lieu of those uncanny and unholy trams. 'Tis no use staving oft' those railways. They m usi come in the end. And, in the lingo of Macbeth, " 'twere well it m-ere done quickly." that archbishopric. We've been startled this M-eek by tMo or three cablegrams re the late Archbishop Vaughan's suc cessor. One of these cables M-as to the effect that | the Dublin Free ma lis Journal had announced that : the bishops of Neu South Wales nominated some time ago three Irish ecclesiastics, one of M'liom I they M'isli appointed to the vacancy created by Dr. 1 Vaughan's death. The bishops are Irishmen, and, naturally, they desire that the new Archbishop should be a countryman of their own. It seems that Archbishop Croke, of Cashel, Dr. W. J. Walsh, President of Maynootli College, and tlie Rev. Patrick Moran, of Dublin (a nephew of the late Cardinal Cullen), have been recommended to fill the vacancy. Among tlie other names men tioned are those of Dr. Tynan, of Dublin, Dr. Rey- nal, of Newport, Dr. Patterson, of London, and Abbot Vanghan (tlie late Archbishop's brother.) As the question of nationality has arisen, it is be lieved that the Holy See m'ill select some gentle man apart from those M'ho have been recommended, and m'ill m'ait for the excitement in reference to nationality to die out, as the see is being efficiently administered at present, and there is no pressing necessity for filling the vacancy. This craze about natiouality is, indeed, a silly one. As one of the papers observed the other day, we want the fusion not the separation of races in NeM' South Wales. And, lastly, the pith of the m'liole matter lies in Com'ns's earnest and sincere wish — "May tlie best man m'in !" our old friend sir 'enry. Among the items of ill omen m'hich come to dis turb the peace of mind of certain sections of our citizens, may be mentioned that Sir Henry Parkes m'ill be back in this, his omi beloved town, in April next, and that a large quantity of wreckage was washed ashore on iioiiui x>eacli the morning after that very heavy "southerly buster." Ah, dear Sir Henry, thou m'ert m'ise to escape all the m-orry of leading the Opposition over that blessed Land Bill ; and m'ell thou knowest that the third reading of that fearfully-made measure will be a tiling of tlie past by next All Fools' Day ! Probably you'll just manage to get back after tlie elections, and take your accustomed seat as leader of the House. The cool shade of opposition does not suit your hot young blood, and (su'eet are the uses of adversity !) you've been taught a good lesson since last you gripped tlie portfolio of Colonial Secre tary. There's a divinity that shapes our ends, rough hew them Iiom- m'e m'ill, Sir Henry ; and your divinity plainly tells you that your proper sphere is guiding the destinies of sunny New South Wales. So come back, Henry, and all shall be forgiven. But if you m'on't come back, for heaven's sake get into the House of Lords by hook or by crook ; and let these ignorant old fossils know something about Australasia and the Southern Cross, and Faulcon- bridge and the Kiama ghost. Since Rosebery left we've had to put up with your old friend, Roseby ; but, alack ! tlie latter is skimmed milk compared m'itli cream j' (and buttery) Lord Rosebery. And as to that wreckage washed ashore at Bondi, no body can say anything about. The -wreckage clearly slioM'ed that the vessel in question hailed from 'Frisco ; but it seems that there's no vessel overdue here from that port. 'Tis a thing that no fellah can understand. The ship may have gone down off our coast with all hands. At all events the neu'spaper " pars " m'ill " go doM'n " in our re cords in the same page as those Berniagui and Coonaubara mysteries, that stabbing man, and that Kiama gliost. But it is ever thus m'itli worldly happiness ! At the last moment I learn that the wreckage had been traced to a tide waiter, m'ho threw the damaged goods into the sea. Thus, at one fell sm'oop, all the poetry has been taken out of my paragraph. more municipal muddle. The " burst up " of that enquiry into the city engineer's department came very appropriately this m'eek in the midst of fires, red-hot heat, birds dropping dead, suicides, and the unearthing of a new mystery at sweet Bermagui. Not long ago, it may he remembered, a city father had the " impi- dence " to declare that the city engineer's depart ment " is rotten from top to bottom." This was simply aM'ful, sir ; and, of course, a committee of tlie m'liole council m'as at once appointed to sift the charges in as thoroughly thorough a manner as the tou-n hall foundations had been laid, and the town hall ceilings had been plastered. Voluminous evi dence was taken, and many long and weary sit tings m'ere "sat" by these patriotic but idiotic aldermen. On Tuesday last they met and gave their decision. After a rare amount of " gab " had been indulged in all round, and some ugly libels and slanders published abroad, it was decided that an inquiry should he made into all the depart ments of the Council. So that, as usual, the work has all to be done over again, and the matter will probably end in one of those funny fiascos for m'liich these "mutton-headed calves" M'ho call themselves aldermen have become so notorious. But re the city engineer's department Alderman J. D. Young, m'ho initiated the inquiry, has clearly proved that that branch of tlie Municipal offices is rotton throughout. It has also been plainly de monstrated that Mr. Trevor Jones (the city engi neer) has been wanting in firmness and grasp — in fact, too good natured. His probity, liou'ever, has not been questioned. And it is very evident that all the evils complained of are the results of a dia bolical system of favouritism and place-hunting, m'liich prevents the various " chiefs " of the muni cipal departments from upholding the dignity of their positions. " The Augean stable will at last be cleaned !" exclaim some innocent and simple citizens. I fear me much no such millennium is near at hand. If the libel law n'ould let me, I could give you some cogent reasons for all this job bery and corruption. But I don't want to view the inside of the "jug" just 3'et. The fact is, I've got a large wife and a small family to keep. too much joy ! Contemporaneously m'ith the announcement that the Hon. Ivo Bligh will reach Melbourne in a few weeks to claim Sir William Clarke's neice as his bride, m'e get the glad tidings that a mixed team of cricketing amateurs and professionals will he here next November to m-rest (if. possible) the cricketing laurels from Australia's brow. Mr. W. W. Read, the Queensland land-owner, m'ho was here last season with Ivo Bligh's men, and who played snch A1 cricket, Mill be one of the amateurs; and the professionals will probably comprise Bar low and Pilling (Lancashire), Ulyett (York), Bates (York), Shrewsbury (Notts), Barnes (Notts), Flowers (Notts), Alfred ShaM- (Notts), and Maurice Read (Surrey. ) It will be seen that all these fel lows have been here on previous occasions Mith the exception of Wilfred Flowers and Maurice Read. Then the new Australian eleven begin their cam paign up your way in a few days, and won't rest until they take ship for England in March. Thus, you see, we're in a fair way of getting too much cricket, or — in other u'ords — too much joy, amusements. There isn't much to chronicle about the amuse ments of the city. The Clark and Byman com pany have vanished into thin air ; and Chiarini's circus has "arrove." My remarks in a former letter in your uidely-advertised paper, re. the " much felt m'ant " m'hich existed here for a good circus, brought first St. Leon's circus, and, secondly, Chiarini's hippodrome. The latter obtained the hire of Belmore Park ; but St. Leon couldn't man age this, although be applied for the , park some m"eeks before Chiarini did. Why ? Let the gods (I mean the proper authorities) answer. HoM- ever, St. Leou and his troupe sailed for Melbourne yes terday ; and Chirarini opens his elaborate estab lishment to-night. Saturday, Jan. 12. A Remarkable Game of Chess. — A singular game of cliess (a London paper says), has recently been finished in the north of Scotland. The game m;as begun about 12 months ago at New York. The first player, Mr. J. B. Munoz, made a move and then passed the scoring-sheet on by post to a friend. That friend made a move in reply, and then passed tlie paper on by post to another m-ell-kiiown player, m'ho made a move in continuation. In this way the document found its m'ay to Baltimore, where Mr. Sellman, who played lately in the London tournament, added a move and sent the paper on to Jamaica. From Jamaica it m-as sent to England, and after passing through the hands of m'ell-known players in London, Derby, Belper, Burton, Bir mingham, NeM'castle, Macclesfield, Sheffield, White haven, NeM'castle-on-Tyne, South Shields, and Workington, m'ho each added a move, it crossed the border, and began a tour among the chess players of Scotland. After travelling as far north as Dall- m-illington, the document was sent back to Sheriff Spens, of Glasgow. That gentleman examined the position, and decided that the game m'as lost for white, as black could force an exchange of rooks and m'in m'ith the paMns. He therefore returned the game to first player, Mr. J. B. Munoz, of Brookljn, Neu- York, m'ho has now sent it to London to be published as a curiosity in the Chess Monthly, m'here it has just appeared. The scoring- sheet bears the signatures of 70 players, who each made a move in the game, and tlie document shoM"s that it has passed from hand to hand through 32 tOM'ns and cities of England, Scotland, and America. Inverell Races. — This meeting will take place on Monday and Tuesday, March 17 and 18. The principal prizes to be competed for are: — Maiden Plate, £40 ; and tM'o Handicaps of £50 and £7C respectively. 