INSPIRATION OF THE BIBLE. The itev. Dr. Moore White, at St. Andrew's Scotch church I aet night, gave a sermon on the nbovenamsti Eobject, in reply to that given by Mr Osborne in the Masonic Hall on the previous Sunday evening. The text was selected from the 21at verse ot the 1st chapter 2nd epistle of Peter : " Holy men of God spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." He said that last Sunday evening, on a Christian platform, it was stated that, as the moral and religions teaching of the Bible was the production of the highest gcoiae, it was, therefore, authoritative ; that it really required nothing of Rnpernatnral inspiration of a tech nical infallibility to give it antbority ; and that as a book, it emanated from tfce highest class of intellects, who had devoted every particle of their massive strength to the inves tigation and eolution of spiritual problems. Tbat statement reduced the Bible to the level of an ordi nary book— to the level of Shakespeare's writings in some of his best passages. Was this the way in which they as christians were to accept tbe Bible ? The same application could be made with regard to their otatois, poets, and painter3, who had made their Dames famous -in .the world. The Bible" itself gaTe testimony of the inspiration of its writers, and which evidence were they to accept — the evidence ol an individual standing ou profeeedly a christian plat- fotm, or the evidence of the scriptures themselves, with regard to the nature of their writings and the ii fiut nee nnder which they were written ? They mnst accept Ihe testimony of these writers of tfce scriptures, or reject the B:b!e as a cunningly revised fable. Tbey introduced their writings by, " Thns Faith the Lord," "Tbe Lord spoke a3 above, faying," their blessed Lord himself directed tbe pccple to Eearch these writings, and in every possible way inculcated their divine authority, and if they re jected His authority on this question, they rejected His Meesiahship. They must distinguish between tie inspiration of tbe scriptures and the revelation. Revelation was communication by God of knowledge to men— inspiration the influence by which the=e men were enabled to communicate that knowledge infallibly to others. By making that distinction they v ould have a clear view of the statement sometuncis made that the Bible contained revelation, that God bad revealed His mind and will to men in olden time, but these men were left to themselves to state what oc curred for the information of posterity. Ia other woids, tbat tbe Bible was infallible in its revelation, bnt fallible in its record. If that was admitted, the sinner wonid have the making of his own Bible, to . expand or reduce it as he wished; and they would 1 find themselves plunged into au endless sea of donbe and confusion. They sometimes failed to grasp the wonder of this book as one book, but when they allowed their minds to deal with the fact that it was CO books, that its writings ranged over . 1C00 years, and that there were be- tween 30 and 10 writers who had lived in different parte of the world at different times of the word's history, how wonderful was the harmony of tbe whole. Thy must remember that some of these writings the writers themselves did not under stand. The" Apostle Peter said so. But throughout tbe whole book from Genesis down to the last book in the Bible tney bad the development of Christ pbowing by its wondrous ncity and harmony the inspiration of its writers. He urged th:m to make the statutes of God their heritage. In them they would find the greatest of all instruction of God's character and His attributes. In them they would find comfort in their sorrow ; strength iu their weak ness, and help in time of need. It was a wondrous book — its author, God, the subject, God and man. It was the star of Eternity — the only star by which the barque of man could navigate the sea of time and gain the coast of Life securely. 