GENERAL NEWS. AnTTT.r.TtRy Movements. — On Saturday afternoon the Volunteer Artillerymen had a special day out. At Fort Glanville the right half of B Battery were put through gun drill by Ldeutenant Dyke; but the source of attrac tion was Largs Fort, where the Commandant inspected the firing of the two 80-pounder Woolwich pattern guns recently mounted, as well as of the two 9-inch guns. With a view to heighten the interest which the members of both batteries' naturally feel in each other's work, Colonel DowneB has so arranged that whenever firing iBbeing carried out by one battery the other has an off-day, and the members can avail themselves of the opportunity of witnessing 1 the result of the practice. This plan, judging from the number of bluecoats on Saturday at Largs Fort, is greatly relished, two of the officers and a large number of men from A Battery of field artillery being present. More Camels fob the Interior—Follow ing closely on the Bucephalus the steamer Newcomen arrived in port on Saturday after noon, also bringing a consignment of camels. They were arranged in temporary stalls on the deck and appeared not much the worse for the voyage. After inspection by the Government veterinary surgeon they were landed. They are said to be for the police service in the Far North. Rechabite Tent inMaitland—On Thurs day, October 9, Mr. F. W. Wood, P.D.C.R., visited Maitland, under the authority of the district officers, to act as instituting officer in connection with the opening of a Tent. The candidates were met in the Institute, and after examining the certificates of health Mr. Wood proceeded with the ceremony. He had the assistance of four members of the Order, two of whom were P.C.R.'s of the South Australian district, and two membere of the Life of Moonta Tent of the Albert dis trict. The name chosen for the new branch is the Hope of Maitland Tent. The folio wing officers were eleoted:—Mr. N. W.. Wilson, C.R.; Mr. A. A, Mulluer, D.R,; Mr. M. Hopkins, Secretary; Mr. J. 0. Tiddy (Mayor), Treasurer; Mr. C. T. James, Levite; Mr. A. M. Thomas. Guardian; Messrs. J. F. Swann and F. H. Edwards, stewards. Mr. G. Simms, P.C.R. of the S.A. district, consented to act as_P.C.R. for the first term. The Burba Burba Mines.—From the half-yearly report of the Directors of the South Australian Mining Associa tion we quote the following" After debiting the profit and loss account with £3,080, in payment of the sixty second dividend, paid on July 8 last, and with the expenses incurred during the half- year ended on the 30th ultimo, amounting to £701 5s. 6d.; and after crediting same witn £1,175 lis. lid., for rents and interest reoeived during the same period, there remains to the credit of the account the sum of £70,795 7s. Id. A surrender of the unexpired term of a ninety-nine years' lease of the land, granted to the English and Australian! Copper Com pany, Limited, on which their smelting works are erected, has been accepted by the Directors; and part of the land, comprising; about forty-seven acres, has been sold to the11 Company in exchange, and in consideration of the payment to the Association of a pre mium of £300; this arrangement is regarded as of advantage to both parties. No other country land lias been sold during the last | half-year, but five allotments in the township' of Kooringa, comprising rather more than one acre, have been sold for £295, and some, | leases and renewal of leases of allotments have been made at fair rentals." The assets of the Association, including landed property, buildings, machinery, &c.;, are set down at over £134,000. : Amendment of the Municipal Corpora ' i tions Act..—At a meeting of the City, Council, held on Monday afternoon. Council lor Roberts was to have moved—" That a Bill be drafted for the amendment of Part VIH. of 'The Municipal Corporations Act, 1880,', in order to base all assessments for civic pur poses upon the fair and full value of the land at per foot frontage to all streets and terraces within the City of Adelaide once in every : three years, ana that no rate shall be made on the said assessment, after it is allowed by the Council, exceeding the sum of twopence in the pound on the said assessed value, unless by the consent of the ratepayers in public meeting assembled." To this Councillor RounseveU gave notice that he would move the following amendment: — (a) " That the Council having full power to anange all the city rates immediately on an equitable basis by their own assessment, they now order and direct that all Corporation assessments of city property be mad »rt two-thirds of the attual grosB rent received where properties are let, or obtainable where occupied by owners, allowing the remaining one-third as being absorbed in paying rates and taxes, repairs, and other expenses, and that no assessment be allowed below or above the said two-thirds assess ment if appealed against by any person. (b) Further to prevent dissatisfaction and abuses, any properties under assessed may be taken and rented bv the Corporation by adding 60 per cent, to the aseessment as a gross rent, and relet by them to suitable tenants, at such profits as they can make, and that owners of properties over assessed shall have the right to demand to let such properties to and recover rent from the Cor poration equal to 50 per cent, on the assess ment, or the Corporation may increase or re duce the assessment as the case may be, at their option, (cj That all properties belong ing to members or officers of this Corporation shall in future be valued by a Government valuator on above basis. All necessary steps to be taken to obtain legislative power to carry this out." In the absence of both these gentlemen when the matter was called on the motions lapsed. Mud Mistaken fob Coal.—It has been rumoured that an important discovery of coal was recently made on the run of Mr. W, Ifould, about 100 miles north of Fowler's Bay, but it turns out to be nothing more than mud blackened by a little decomposed vege table matter. Some specimens token from the neighbourhood were sent to the Conser vator of Water, who was of opinion that the so-called coal was only a black mad deposit; and Professor Tate ; confirmed the opinion. His conviction, based upon personal know ledge of the country, is that seeking for coal there on the indications afforded by these specimens would only lead to futile results. In the locality of Piddinga the rocks on the surface are micaceous slate and granite. There is a long rift in the gully line, and the 'shed of water from the cliffs forms an alluvial deposit in the bottom of the gully, and the supposed coal was found in the mad accumulation. School at Cleve.—On Friday Mr. Moule M.P., presented a memorial to the Minister of Justioe and Education from residents of Yodnarie and Mann, asking for a school at Cleve. The memorial showed that there were twenty-five children in the neighbour hood, and other families were expected. The Minister said the usual formB would be sent. Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' j Friend Society.—The annual meeting of the above Society was held in the Y.M.C.A. Rooms on Monday evening. His Excellency the Governor was in the chair. The report1 and balance-sheet were read. The latter showed that during the year 135 special cases and 311 emergency cases had been re lieved at a cost of £21710s. 4d. The receipts had amounted to £519 12s. 9d., including what was brought forward. Out of this £15115s. had been collected for the house scheme. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher made an appeal for a Model Lodging house in Adelaide, after the style of the one in Melbourne, which had worked so successfully. The Hon. J. Cotton, President of the Society, the Ven. Archdeacon Farr, and other gentlemen com mended the Society to the public, and a general feeling of regret was expressed that a new Society should have been started in rivaliy to the present one. His Excellency counselled amalgamation, and hoped that the sum of £70 required to place the buildings out of debt would be soon subscribed. A collection, whicb realized £1, was made in aid of tbe Society. The Port Pirie Institute.—The Build ing Committee of the Port Pirie Institute have accepted the tender of Mr. J. Cleave for erecting tbe first portion of the building at a cost of £2,491. The hall is 75 feet by 45. There were nine tenders. One tender was received too late for con sideration and was laid aside. It is estimated. by the committee that when completed the debt will be lesB than £500. The architects claim that the hall is equal in enrichments and finish to any in Adelaide, excepting the Town Hall, and superior to any out of Ade laide. Considerable satisfaction is felt in the district that the work is let at last. The Sresent plan provides for a reading-room, orporation offices, retiring rooms, and a recess stage, with an underground room 25 feet by 20. Probates &c.;—The following probates and ' letters of administration have been granted during the past week:—Hemy Tpwnsend, £130 ; John Nelson, £030; James Young, nil; Robert Eirkbridge, £425; Amelia Bridgtnan, £100; Isabella Eannerman Sandison, £755; | James Rusher Hart, £100; William Nanki vell, £625. Under Intercolonial Probate Act —Probate—Joseph Morecroft, £31. New Guinea Protectorate.—As bearing on the cablegram in connection with thiB subject which we publish this morning, we subjoin the Timex report of Sir William McArthur's question and Mr. Gladstone's reply in the House of Commons on AuguBt I 11Sir W. MoArthur asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether the "protection" mentioned in Lord Derby's dispatch of May | 9, 1884, to the Governors of tne Australian Colonies, as intended to be established in New Guinea, and towards the coat of which the Australian Colonies bad agreed to pay £15,000 for the year, would establish the complete jurisdiction of the British Govern ment over New Guinea and the adjacent | islands, so as to afford protection to the natives, t not only againBt the lawless ness of British subjects, but against the law lessness of the subjects of other nations ? Mr. Gladstone said:—"The protection mentioned in the despatch of Lord Derby is in tbe nature of a protection which Her | Majesty's Government advised the Queen to establish over so much of the coast of New Guinea as lies to the eastward of the Dutch claim upon the southern coast of that island, but excluding portions on the northern side of the island. I cannot give a minute defi nition ' now of the line up to which this protectorate will extend, but within the limits of it it will answer the purpose men tioned by my hon. friend in niB question— that is to say, the jurisdiction of the Govern ment will be suffieient to afford protection to the natives against lawless action, by whom soever taken, whether by British subjects or foreigners. The jurisdiction does not extend to the islands to the north and east of New Guinea." A similar communication has been received by tbe Governments of New South Wales, Victoria, aud Queensland from the representatives of those colonies in London. School near Cunlitte.—Messrs. Furner ] and Grainger, M.P.'s, waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C.) on Wednesday morning, and requested the Go vernment to ereet a public school near Cun liffe. The Minister, in reply, stated that he would make further enquiry, and in a few days would give a reply, which, judging from the representations made to mm, was, he thought, likely to be a favourable one. The Port Germein Roads.—In accordance with a resolution of the Assembly recently, a return was laid on the table on Tuesday showing, at the request of Mr. Ward, the amount expended on the road from Port Germein through the Gorge towards Wirra bare to have been £17,772 12s. 2d. On the extension of the road from Port Germein to Booleroo Centre, fourteen miles in length, £10,360 had been spent in constructing and metalling. The cost of completing the metalling of the Stone Hut-road from its in tersection with the Booleroo-road to Melrose is estimated at £4,200, or £700 per mile for six miles. The annual cost of keeping the whole road in such repair as will render it available for winter traffic is estimated as follows:—For the Port Germein-road towards Wirrabara £630, and for the extension to Booleroo Centre £420, making the annual cost of maintenance £1,050. Lectube on "Hamlet."—An able lecture on " Hamlet" was delivered at the Univer sity on Thursday evening to tbe members of the University Shakspeare Society by the President of the Society (the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., Vice- Chancellor of the Uni versity). The Chief Justice (Chancellor of the University) presided! After endeavour ing to show by a comparison of the latest with the earlier and much smaller edi- , tions of the play, between whioh a great difference existed, that Shakspeare did | not intend to represent Hamlet as really mad, but only as simulating mad ness—the view now generally entertained— the lecturer proceeded to observe that there was a double tragedy In the play, tbe one dealing with the outward incidents, the central point of which was the command of tbe ghost to slay his murderer, while the other dealt with the soul of the Prince, the central point of which inner tragedy was, he thought, to be found in the "o'er hasty marriage" of the Prince's mother with his uncle, who was not to be com pared to the Royal Dane. Each of these tragedies had its initud movement, its crisis, and its independent development, the two being concurrent but not coincident. The cruis of the tragedy of Hamlet the man was antecedent to the tragedy of Hamlet the King.. The lecturer pointed ont that Hamlet's so-called irreaolntion was caused by his desire to prove his uncle'sgnilt before fnl filling his father's behests. Cm the motionof Bishop Eennion a vote of thanks was awarded to the lecturer, a similar vote being awarded to the Chairman on the motion of Professor Bonlger. Government Tenders. — The following was the result of the tenders opened at the Architect-in-Chief'a Office on Monday:— Erecting police cell at Hergott Springs, three tenders, J. Sedunary lowest y erecting shelter shed at wooden school at Rice's Creek, three tenders, George Beer, lowest; additions and repairs to W allaroo Gaol, three tenders, J. R. Heath lowest: erecting shelter-shed at wooden school, Hundred of Boucaut, one tender only; erecting shelter-shed at wooden school, Bald Hill (Hundredof Wallaroo), two tenders, Pengelly & Rees lowest; erecting shelter-shed and repairs at wooden schuol. Hundred of Dutton, fonr tenders, A. R. Schache lowestj erecting shelter-shed at wooden school, Belvidere, three tenders, J. Sedunary lowest. Water Conservation Department — Eudunda, masonry tank, three tenders, A. Munro lowest; erecting tanks and tronghing. Shepherd's Rest Well, four tenders, ;C. W. Okely lowest; Bruce Reservoir, five tenders, Edwards & McDonald lowest. Suspension of the Locomotive Engineer. —On Thursday last the Commissioner of Public Works received a report, signed by the Engineer - in - Chief, General Traffic Manager, and Deputy Engineer-in-Chief, containing various charges against the Loco motive Engineer (Mr. Thow). In compliance with the requirements of the Civil Service Act, the Commissioner of Public Works thereupon suspended Mr. Thow, and fur nished him with a copy of the charges. Here the matter rests for the present. It will, of course, be optional for Mr. Thow, if he denies the truth of the charges, to secure their investigation by a Board of Enquiry to be appointed by the Governor. Length of our Lives Increasing.—At a recent International Health Exhibition held in London, Sir James Paget delivered an address before the Association, the Prince of Wales being present. The learned physician asserted that people live longer than formerly, and that less sickness prevails among the mass of people, and he then gives the follow ing reasons for the deorease of mortality daring the last few years:—" There is less from intemperance, less from immorality; we have better, cheaper, and more various food, far more aud cheaper clothing, far more and healthier recreations. We nave, on the whole, better houses and better drains, better water and air, and better ways of using them. The care and skill with which the sick are treated in hospitals, infirmaries, and even in private houses, are far greatei than they were, the improvement and exten sion of nursing are more than can bedescribed; the care which the rich bestow on the poor, whom they visit in their own homes, is every day saving health and life j and even more effectual than any of these is the work done by the medical officers of health and all the sanitary authorities now active and influential in every part of the Kingdom. But we want," adds the lecturer in closing. " more ambition for health—a personal ambition for renown in health ae keen as is that for bravery or for beauty, or for success in our athletic games and field sports." The Inquest onI James Sanders.—The evidence at the inquest on the body of James Sanders shows that deceased was found last Thursday afternoon insensible on the'road a few miles out of Ardrossan. The buggy he had driven on that dav was found capsized a few yards from where he was lying. Sanders was taken to Rice's Hotel, at Ardrossan, where the landlady bathed his head, but although unconscious he was placed on a mattress in a dray and driven to his home at Maitland—a journey which ocoupied two hours aud a quarter. On being placed in bed in hiB own house Sanders was attended by Dr. Elphick, who deposed that the man never rallied. A verdict was given that the cause of death was concussion of the brain, and that no blame is attachable to any one. In the face of the exoneration pronounced by the Jury the fact remains that Sanders, while unconscious and in urgent need of medical skill, was taken for fifteen miles in a jolting dray over a country road. Death of Another Old Colonist.—One by one the pioneers of the colony are passing away, and the mourners go about the streets. Our obituary notices contain the name of Mr. Charles Ware, who died on Sunday last at the residence of his son, Mr. R. F. Ware, Erith, near Balaklava. The deceased for many years carried on business at Bexley Heath, in Kent, as a practical horticulturist. He arrived here by the Canton in 1838, and established himself on the North-road, about two miles from Adelaide, and was at that time, and for some years afterwards, well known as an enterprising man of business. But misfortunes overtook him, and during the last ten or twelve years he had lived in comparative seclusion with his son. He was born in 1794, and had, therefore, reached the age of 90 years. He leaves a widow, three sons, one daughter, and many grandchildren and great grandchildren. His death was apparently quite painless. A Jubilee Exhibition.—We publish in another column a letter from Mr. Jules Joubert, who visited this city for a few hours on Saturday last whilst the P. & O. steamer Parramatta lay at Glenelg. It is addressed to Mr. H. J. Scott, the South Australian Com missioner at the Calcutta Exhibition. The | writer suggests that an Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition should be carried out by private enterprise, the Government and the Corporation assisting, if they think fit, and that a meeting, should be called for the purpose of raising a Guarantee Fund, or he would be prepared to take the "whole matter on his own shoulders." He | argues from the success attending the Exhi bitions with which he was connected in Ade laide, Perth, Ghristchureh, and, Calcutta that m place of the guarantors having to find 1 money for the Buccessfnl carrying out of the enterprise they would be more likelyf tc [ divide the profit. Adelaide and Port Darwin Sugar Company.—A meeting of shareholders in the Adelaide and Port Darwin Sugar Company was held at the Secretary's office, Pine-street, | on Wednesday morning. There was a very small attendance, and Mr. G. Scarfe presided, j On the motion of Mr. J. C. Wilkinson, seconded by Mr. F. ScammeTl, the subjoined resolutions, passed at an extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on September26, were confirmed:—'That the Adelaide and Port Darwin Sugar Company, Limited, be wound-up voluntarily;' "that Mr. W. B. Wilkinson be appointed Liqui dator to the Company, and that his remu neration be fixed at £26.' The meeting then terminated. The Ocean Dock Company. — We understand that this Company has let a contract to'Messrs. Walker & Swan for the construction of the southern side of the sheet piling of this Dock, which work will involve an expenditure of £7,000 to £8,000, and that the contractors will drive the first pile in the course of a day or two, when they will invite the Ministry and members of Parliament to j witness the ceremony. Piles were taken to the scene of operations on Tuesday after noon. Sunday-closing or PuuLic-nousEs.—On Wednesday a poll was taken at Payneham for the purpose of deciding whether or not public-houses should be closed altogether on Sundays in that district. The Act requires that a third of the ratepayers on the roll shall vote, but out of the twenty-nine who recorded their opinions twenty-four were in favour of the proposal, and four against, whilst one vote was informal. Tbe number of ratepayers on the roll is 392, so that the present custom will not be affected. House-rent Charges on Railway Lands. —The members for Wooroora (Messrs. Duncan and Castine) have received a memorial signed by 179 of toeir constituents, asking them to table a motion in the Assembly affirming the undesirability of charging house-rent to em ployes on the lines of railway. Prior to taking such a step the members referred the communication to the Commissioner of Public Works, who informed them that he had found that different rates of wages prevailed on the stveral lines, which it was nis inten tion to look into with a view of fairly assimi lating the rates. He believed that the em ployes in whose particular behalf the memorial was drawn were receiving the lower wages. If those wages were raised, as he anticipated they would be shortly, this would compensate them in whole or in part for the house-rent charged. Under these circumstances the members for Wooroora do not intend acting further in the matter at present. South Australian Alliance.—The first general meeting in connection with the South Australian Alliance was held on Fri day evening, October 10, in the Rechabite Hall. Dr. Magarey presided. Numerous apologies for unavoidable absence were received. The Rev. D. O'Donnell moved— "That the Constitution be adopted, and become the Constitution of the South Aus tralian Alliance." The Constitution had given the Provisional Committee great anxiety and very much work, and although perhaps not perfect, it was very nearly so. Mr. J. M. Dowie seconded the motion, which was agreed to, on the understanding that such parts as refer to the nomination of officers be suspended. Officers and committee of the Alliance were appointed as follows:— President, Mr. David Nockj Vice- Presidents, Drs. Whittell, Magarey. and Bollen, Revs. D. O'Donnell, C. T. Newman, J. Nichol son, John Thorne, Silas Mead, and A. W, Webb, Messrs. J. M. Dowie, W. B. Stephens, P. Santo, and Thomas Rhodes; Treasurer, Mr. C. H. Matters. Revs. C. T. Newman, D. O'Donnell, and Mr. B. W. Stephens were proposed in turn for the post of Hon. Secretary, but all of them declined, and on the| suggestion of the Rev. D. O'Donnell it was then decided to leave the election to the committee. The fol lowing Executive Committee was formed Dr. Magarey, Messrs. J. M. Dowie, A. Leane, E. Alcock, W. B. Stephens, A. 0. Chambers, E. Hounslow, Revs. D. O'Donnell, J. Nicholson, C. T. Newman, S. Mead, A. W. Webb, J. C. Kirby, E. Grattan, and the Hon. J. Pickering, M.L.C. The Rev. D. O'Donnell intimated that it was probable a grand inaugural meeting would he held as soon as the Council could begin work. It was also stated that probably the Alliance would be able to secure the servioes of General Sheridan, who could give them the fullest information about the operation of he Maine Liquor Law in America. Ostrich-farming.—The efforts made by Mr. W. R. Cave to establish the ostrieh in dustry in this colony are well known, bnt his experience at the hands of the rascals who worry the birds is the reverse of pleasant. Some time hack Beveral larrikins attaoked bis ostriches, and a few died owing to the ill treatment they received. Now another phase of larrikinism has developed itself. Several of the fine young birds, just showing a beautiful crop of feathers, were molested a night or two back and most cruelly used. The pinion feathers were ruth lessly torn out. and in such a way that it is doubtful whether the birds are not destroyed for commercial purposes. The miscreants took the spoil a short distance from the enclosure and there divided it, leaving the inferior feathers behind. Lecture at Tarlee.—At the special in vitation of the Committee of the Wooroora Agricultural Society, Mr. P. M. Glynn, B.A., LL.B., representing the South Australian Land Nationalization Society, of which he is one of the Vice- Presidents, de livered a lecture on "Land Nationaliza tion" on Tuesday evening (Show night) in the Tarlee Schoolroom. There was a good attendance, including many repre sentative farmers in the district. The cnair was occupied by Mr. R. Kelly, J.P., President of the Agricultural Society. The lecture, which dealt with the ethical and politico economic aspect of the question in a scholarly manner, roused a good deal of enthusiasm amongst the audience, who listened in an appreciative manner. At the close of Mr. Glynn's address a vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr. Davidson, seconded by Mr. CondoD, passed to that gentleman, and after a few remarks, at the request of the meeting, from the President of the Land Nationaliza tion Society (Mr. Liston), who was present, the proceedings concluded by votes of thanks being accorded the Chairman and the Press. Many stayed behind to procure some of the literature distributed by the Society with the object of disseminating knowledge on the land question, and preliminary Bteps were taken for the formation of a branch in the Wooroora district. The Gulf Steamship Company, Limited. —A cablegram has been received by this Company from the agent now in England (Captain W. Ogg), submitting tenders for building a steamer suitable for the Ardrossan and Port Vincent trade. At a meeting of the Directors held on Thursday, Ootober 16, it waB resolved to authorize Captain Ogg to give the order for building at once ' Germany in the Pacific.—The following telegram was received by the Chief Secretary on Wednesday,' October ' 15: —"Mel bourne, October 15. I have just received telegram from our Agent-General, which I deem it my duty to transmit to you, and will be glad to know whether yon concur in the suggestion made as to joint protest. The telegram is as follows: —'Disturbing reports today. Projefcted arrangement (Germany-England, Western Pacific. Enquiry rather confirms suspicion. Australian Governments should protest strongly against any settlement without the knowledge and concurrence.' J as. Service, Premier." The followingreply was sent by the Chief Secretary:—" Your telegram re ceived. This Government are not prepared to join in toe protest on present information. J. Colton, C. 8." Mr.' Henning, M.P.—Mr. Henning has been unable through illness to attend in his place in the Assembly this week. On Tues day Mr. Smith will move that a week's leave of absence be granted to him. Erratum.—In our Parliamentary report, on page 36, the heading " Railway from Blytn to Gladstone" Bhould fie " Railway Extension from Byth to Crystal Brook." 