l%e Smoggier's Ghost. Did ytsh ever mcounter the smuggler's ghost, ? The spectre Of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himself on an old gun-post . At the top of Tower Hill I think ine not, though he «omes by night All the passers-by to scan, A strange^ .weird, long-shore, lubberly wight— ^Pearjaclffitty son of a inan.. His voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild— The other is under a patch— His nose is swollen—this mystic child— ' . And his l^s were never a match. -As-he leaves the post on a midnight dull . Hegoes with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany seaside hull . He seems; but.he's only soul. I met him once, and I saw him clear By a gasJamp's dancing h'ght, .Becalling weeds and tobacco dear That I bou^it of a. smuggler wight. And I said," O runner of Revenue rigs, Thou knave of the contraband, I'll have thee dapped with the dos and prigs;" Buf he nised lum his gnarldd hand. "Avast with<thy coppers 1" and "You be blowedl" In a mixture strange said he; "I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed L-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," he^^id with a grin - E - " I'm a spirit, mate, carnt yer see ? " I looked him up, and I looked hi™ down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid for cigars when he did me brown, And he certainly looked alive. But he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, As he grinned with his mouth so roomy. " If yer doubts my word, take yer crutohstick there, And you'll fiaditH go right through me. " Oh, woe—woe, bacco and paper brown! Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee 1 I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've come from down In the furderest coun-ter-ee. Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold That never 4id go to sea : I sold cigars and the buyers sold, And what's to become o' me? " b y Wapping andPoplar way, And down by the muddy Strand, And down by the Docks I am doomed to stray," And he wrung him each gnarly hand. " ' em » and can't tell where, And I doesn't know where to look; There s pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spare, As I hid afore I was took." Then I said," Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Do you come from that other shore ? " "Ay, mate I" as he rolled him that one of his eyes, " And I don't want to go any more." " But what are you seeking, and why are you come? Why playedst thou me that trick ?" " Ah, it's all along o* those weeds so—hum 1 Did they make you so werry sick ? " Oh, it's what I'm a-telling o' you, you see," And to east and to west ne turned, " I can't remember, or may I be Most—something unpleasantly—bturned." He moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He groaned him right into his boots ; " Oh, it's aQ along o' them Henery Clays, And them sham Bengal cheroots. " Oh, there's pounds on 'em hidden I can't tell where. And some misfortnet bloke Will be hunting 'em out if I don't take care ftfid there isn't one fit to smi Ahf where did I J^i 'em ? , whoe are they hid?; ; . , ' Ah, where did f pl&t; that chest With Hnzjr ClaJ;'oh|iM top o'#e lid ? • And wasn't thg^jbsH jest ? " Tfcey makes 'em.ra";ai & bD?> a pound— \- Brown paper in backer gravy; And I sold 'em a quid for a box all round, Oh a smuggler's affidavy. And down by the Isle o' Dogs I goes, AndtunHn' inl&tcMHighway;, But never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never more oome in my way. " I never can take just a glass o' short, Though I drops in atpublio bars, Since l belbngs to another port, .. For .selling o' sham cigars. For t nsed to jcoun as arsmuggler bold Who laughed at the B'yal Excise; A dodge so stale, and adodge so old, But fillers ripe for a rise." And as I gaztedhe was. there no more, Not so much as his old pea-jacket; But there: seemed to oome from a distant shore, - : Or from-out of old Charon's packet, f Oh, I' am the Wickedest smuggler bold That rieverdid go to sea; I never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this hide-and-come-seek-a-ree! " —Cr. MahvuiLE Fenn, in Hood's Annual 