TALES A m SKETCHES. , JUDITH SHAKSPEARE : HER LOVE AFFAIRS AND CTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "macx120d of DaRE," " Shandok Beij.h," " In Silk Am he," &e.;, &c.; Chapter I.— An- Assiovauon. It was a fair, clear, aud shining morning, in the sweat May timoof the year, , wheu a yonng English damsol went furth from tho town of Strstford-upon-AYonto walk iu tho fields. As sho passed along by the Guild chapel and the | grammar school, this ouo aud tho other that met her gave her a kindly greeting, for nearly j every one knew her, nnd sho was a favorito ; | and she returned those salutations with a j frankness which betokened rattier the self- I possession of a yonng woman than tho timidity | oi a girl. Indeed, sho was 110 longer ill tho ' flrst sensitive dawn of maidenhood — having, in . fart, hnt recontly passed her five and-tweutioth ' birthday — but nevertheless tlicro , was tho 1 radiaoce of youth in tho rose-leaf tint of her : cheeks, and in the bright cheerfulness of lier j oyes. Those eyes were large, clear and gray, . .with dark pupils and dark lashes; and thoso 1 are a dangerous kind, for thoy can look de- j mure, and artless, and innocent when there ' is nothing in tho mind of the owner ! of them but a secret mirth ; anil also — and alas ! — they can elloct unothcr kiud of con cealment, and when the heart within is in clined to soft pity aud yielding, thoy can re fuse to confess to any such surrender, and pan maintain, at tho bidding of a wilful coquetry, an outward nnd obstinate coldness and in-, difference. For the rest, lior.hair, .whioli was somewhat short and curly, was of a light and glossy brown, with a touch of Bimsliino.iu it ; sho had a good figure, for sho carao of a I quite notodiy haudsomo family ; sho walked ' with a light step and gracioiiB carriage ; and there wero certain touches of stylo and color ! about her costnmo which showed that sho did j not in the least undurvaluo her appearance. And so it was " Good merrow to you, sweot ' Mistress Judith," from this one aud tho other 5 and " Good morrow, friend So-and- so," alio would answer ; and always she had the brightest of smiles for thcin as thoy passed. Well, alio went along by the. church, and over tho footbridgo spanning tho Avon, and so into tho meadows lying adjocont to tho stream. To all appearance -she was bent on j nothing but deliberate idleness, for she strayed 1 «nW!,llc<"'ysI,coial arfsngomenw wlthtbo author ! au rights rosorveil. i til is way and that, stooping to pick up a few wild (lowers, and bumming to herself as she went. On this freali and clear morniog the airsccmodto he filled with Bwoot perfumes after tho close atmosphere of the town ; and if it was inoroly to gather daisies, and cuckoo flowers, and buttorcups that sho had come, she was obviously in no hurry about it. Tho sun was warm on the rich green grass ; tho swallows were dipping and flashing over tho river ; great humble bees went booming by; and for away somewhere in tho silver-clear sky a latk was singing, as she strayed along by the side of tho stream, picking here and there a bit of self-heal or white dcad-nottlc ; if, indeed, that conld bo termed singing that was but a. careless aud unconscious recalling of suntchoo of old song and madrigals. At ono moment it was : Why, fayyouso? Oh 110, no, 110; Young maids must never a-'.voohig go. And again it was 1 Conn., blow thy horn, huntor ! Come, blow thy horn, hunter ! Uouie, blow thy hern, jolly hunter ! And again it was I'or a morn In spring Is tho sweetest thing Cometh ill all tho year 1 And in truth she could not have lit upon a sweeter morning than this was ; just as » chance passer-by might have said to himself that he had never seen a pleasautcr sight than this .yonng English maiden presented ns sho went idly, along the river side, gathering wild liowors tho while. But in courso of time, when she came to a part of the Avon from which tho bank as cended sharp and stoop, and when she began to make her way along a narrow and winding footpath that ascended through the wilderness of trees and hushes hanging 011 this steep bank, alio became more uircumspcct. There was no more humming of songs ; Uio gathering of (lowers was abaudoned, though here 3lle might have added a wild hyaciuth or two to lior nosegay ; bIio advanced cautiously, and yet witli an affectation of carelessness; and she wns examining, while protend ng not to examine, the various avenues and open spaces in the dense mass of foliage bofore her. Apparently, liowevor, this world of sunlight and green leaves and cool shadow, was quite untenanted ; thero was no sound but that of tho blackbird and tho thrush ; she wundered 011 without meeting any one. And then, as she had now arrived at a littio dell or chasm in the wood, she left the footpath, climbed up tho' bank, gained the summit, and finally, passing from among tho bushes, ' she found herself in the open, at the corner of a field of yonng corn. Now if anyone had noticed tho quick and searching look that she Sashed all around on the moment or her emerging from tho brush wood — vhe swiftness of lightning was in that rapid scrutiny — ho might have had somo sus picions aB to tho orrand that had brought her hither ; hut in an instant her eyes had recovered their ordiuary look of calm and in different obesrvatiou. Sho turned to regard the. wide landscape spread out below ho'r ; and the stranger, if lie had missed that quick and eager glance, would have naturally sup posed that Bho had olimbed up through the wcod to this open space merely to havo a better view. And indeed this stretch of English-looking country was well worth tho trouble, especially at such a time of tbe year, when it was alothed in the fresh and tender colors cf the spring time ; and it was With much soeiniug coutout that this young English maiden stood thero and looked abroad over the prospoct — at tbo placid river winding through tho lush meadows ; at the wooden spire of the church rising above the young foliago of tho elms ; at here and there in the town a red tiled house visible among tho thatched roofs and gray walls and orchards — UiUC tJGIIIj; till jmio Ituu UttlVlUUl «»UU UllfUUJ like in the still sunshine of this qniot morning. It was a peaceful English-looking picture that ought to have interested her, however familiar it may have beeu, aud perhaps it was only to look at it once more that she had made her way up hither, and also to broathe tho cool sweet air of the open, and to listen to tho singing of the birds, that seeraad to fill the white wide spaces of the sky as far as ever sho conld hear. ' . Suddenly she became aware that somo one was behind her and near her, and, instantly turning, she found before her an eldorly man with a voluminous grey beard, who appeared to affcot somu kind of concealment by the' way be woro his hat aud his long cloak. "God save you, sweet lady !" he had said, almost beforo she turned. But if this stranger imagined that by his uuiooked for approach and sudden' address he was likely to startle the young damsel out of her self-possession, ho knew very little with whom ho hail to deal. "Good morrow to you, good Master Wizard," said she, with perfect calmness, mid she regarded him from head to ' foot with nothing beyond, a mild curiosity." Indeed, it was rather I10 who was embarrassed. He looked at her with a kind of wonder — and admiration also; aud if Bbe had been suf. ficiently heedful and watchful she might havo obeorved that his oyes, which were singularly dark, had a goad deal of animation in them for one of his years. It. was only after a second or so of this bewildered aud admiring contemplation of her that ho managed to say, in a grave and forma voice, somothing in praise of her couraga in thus keeping tho appointment he had sought. "Nay, good sir," said she, with much com- placoucy, "troublo notyourself about me. There is no harm iu going out to gather a few do wars ill tile field, surely. If there ha any danger, it is rather you that have to fear it, for there is the pillory for them that go about the country divining for gold and silver." " It is for 110 such vain and iillo purpose that I use my art," ouid ho; and he rcgardod her with such an intensity of interest that sometimes he stumbled forgetfully in his Bpeeeh, as if he were repeating a lesson but ill prepared, "ft is for the revelation of tbo future to thorn that are born under fortunate pliiuots. And you are ono of thoso, sweet lady, or I would not hnve summoned you to a meet ing that might havo seemed perilous to one of less courage and good heart. If it please you to listen, I can forecast that that will bofall you — " ' "Nay, good air," said she, with a smile, "I have heard it frequently, though perhaps never from one so skilled. 'Tis but a question bo- twoen dark and fair, with plonty of monoy and lauds thrown lu. Eur that matter I miir' t set up in the trade myself. But if you could tall mo now— ' " I '.'If I wero to toll you— if by my art 1 1 could show you," said I10 with a solemnity that was at least meant to be impres sive (though this young maid, with her Hps - inclining to a smile, aud her inscrutable j eyes, did not seem much nwo stricken) — " if I could convince you, sweot lady, that you shall ! marry neither dark nor fair among any of those that would now fain win yon— and ; rumor uayB there be suverul of those — what ; then V" j " ltumor!" she repeated, with the color ! swiftly uiautUng in hor face. But she was 4 startled, and she said quickly, " What do you I Bay, good wizard ? Not any one that I know? ' What surety Imvo you of that? Is it true? ' Can you show it to mo ? Can you assure ma of it? Is your skill so great that you can prove to mo that your prophecy iB aught but , idle guessing ? No ono that 1 have seen as 1 yet, Bay you ? Why," ehe added, half to I herself, "but that wero good news for my I gossip J.'rue." I "My daughter," said. this elderly person, in : slow aud measured tones, " it is uot to all ' that thu stars have beeu so propitious at their j birth." : " Good sir," said she, with somo eager- i ncss, " 1 beseech . you forgive me if I at- | tend you not ; but— but this is the truth I now as to How I came in anawcr . to your j messages to me. I will speak plain. i'or- I chance rumor .hath not quitu belied herself, i Theie may bo one.or two who think too well , of me, and would have mo choose him or him i to be my lover ; .and —null — do you Bee now ? If tiiere were one of those that I would fain have turn aside from idle 'thoughts of mu and i show more favor to my dear cousin and gossip j Prudence Hhawc— nay, but to tell the truth, j wizard, I camo.hero to seek of your skill ; whether it could afford some charm aud maglo ; that would direct his heart to her, 1 have , heard of such things — " j -And hero she stopped nbruptiy, in some con- > fusion, for she had in hor eagerness admitted a half belief in the possible power of Ilia witch- craft whioli she had been careful to conceal be- j fore. Sho had professed incredulity by her : very manner; she had almost laughed a't his j pretentions ; she had intimated that she had 1 come hither only out of cuno.ity ; hut now site had blundered into the confession that she hud cherished some vague hope of obtaining a tuvc ; philtre, or somo such thing, to transfer away j from herself to her friend the affections of one I of thoso suitors whose existence seemed to bo I so well known to tho wizard. However, ho soon relieved her from her embarrassment by assuring her that this that she demanded was ! far.away beyond the scope of his art, which | was strietiy limited to tho "discovery and rove- 1 lation of such secrets as still lay within the ' future. I "Aud if so, good sir," said islie, after 01 moineut's reflection, that wero enough, or 1 nearly enough, so that you can convince ns | of it." i " To you yourself alone, graoions lady," said ' lie, "can I reveal that which will happen to j you. . Nay, more, so fortunate is the conjunc tion of tho planets that reigned at your birth : —the uUiinun luppticlum auri might almost : havo been declared to you — that 1 can sum- ' inon from tho cuds of the earth, bs lie where i lie may, the man that yon shall hereafter 1 marry, or soon or Into I kuow uot ; if you will, I you can behold him at snch and such n ' time, at such and such a place, as the stars I shall appoint." . I Sho looked puzzled, half incredulous and per- I plexed," inclined to smile, blushing somewhat, . anil all uncertain. : - j . '.' It is a temptation— I wore no woman I else," Baid she wiih a laugh. " Nay, but if I can see him, why may not others ? And if I : can show thorn him woo is to be my worship. | ful lord and master, why, tlion, my gossip Prua may havo tho better chance of reselling the goal where i'dmbt not lier Heart is fixed, i Come, then, to provo your skill, good sir. I Where shall I see him, and when ? Must I use charihs ? Will he speak, think you, or pass as a ghost ? But if he be not a proper i man, good wizard, by my lifo I will have none ' of him; nor of your magic eithor." 1 She was laughing now, and rather counter- ! foiting a kind of acorn ; but sho was carious, i und bIio watched him with a lively interest ns I ho took forth from a Buinll leather' bag a littio folded pieeo of paper, which he carefully opened. . ' "I cannot answer all yonr questions, my j daughtor," said he; "I can but proceed accord i iug to my art. Whether the person you will ! see may be visible to others 1 know not, nor j can I tell yon aught of his name or condition. J Pray heaven he be worthy of such beauty and ! gentleness; for i hod heard of you, gracious ! lady, but rumor had but poor words to describe j suoh-U rarity and a prize." . " Nay," said bIio, in toues of reproof (but the color had mounted to a face that certainly ) showed no sign of disploasuro), "you speak 1 like ono of the courtiers now." " This oharm," said he dropping his eyes, and returning, to his grave and I formal tones, "is worth naught without a sprig ' of rosemary ; that . must you get, and you must , placo It within the paper in a threefold manner ; — thus ; aud then, when Sol aud Luna are | both iu tho descendant — but I forgot me, the I terms of my art uro unknown to you ; I must speak in the vulgar tongue ; and meanwhile j you shall .see tho charm, that there is nothing j wicked or dangerous in it, but only the where- with'ul to bring about a true lovers' meeting." ! He handed her the open piece of pspor ; but she, haviug glaucedat the writing, gave it him back again. - " I pray yon road it to me," ehe said.. He regarded her for - a second with some slight surprise ; but ho took tho paper, anu read aloud, slowly, thu lines written thereon : ' Uaro you haunt our hallowed green? Nono but fairies huru,sre soeu. Down ami sleep, Wake ami wep, Pinch him black, anil pinch hha blue, .. That eceh to steal s luvcr true. When youciimu to liuar us sing, ' Or to tread' ourfalry ring, Pinch him blae'r, and pinch him blue— Oh, thus our nalisahall hamlleyuu 1 . " Why, 'tis liko what my father wrote about Hcruo the Huuter," Baid she, witli a touch of indiilcrcnca ; perhaps she hod uxpoctud to hear Bomotbing mora weird and unholy. " Please you, forget not tho rosemary ; nothing will como of' it elso," he continued, "Then this you must take in your baud' secretly, and wheu 110 ono has knowledge of your outgoing; and when Luna— uoy, but' I mean wheu thu moon has risen to night so that, standing in tho. churchyard, you shall see it over tho roof of tho church, then mnst you go to the yew tree that is in tbo middlo of the churchyard, and tliera you shall scrape away a little of the earth from near the foot of tho 1 tree, aud bury this paper, and put the eartli firmly down on it again, saying tiirico, Mcronymo / J/Uronymot Jlleronymo You follow me, sweet lady ?" " 'Tis simple enough," said she, " but that on these fine eveningB tho people are evory- whero about ; aud if one were to he seen con juring in tho churchyard — " " You must watch your opportunity, my daughter," said ho, speaking with an increased assumption of authority. "One minute will serve you ; and this is all that needs be done." "Truly? Is this nil?" said she, nnd Bhe laughed lightly. " Then will my gallant, my 0' the world, my lord and master, forth with spring out of tho solid ground ? God rooud me, but that wero a fearful meeting — in a churchyard ! Gentle wizard, I pray you — " "Not so," ho answered, interrupting her. "The charm will work there ; you muis let it rest ; thonighb dews shall nourish it ; the slow hours shall pass over it ; and tho spirits that haunt these precincts must know of it, that they may prepare tho meeting. To-night," then, sweot lady, you shall place this charm in the churchyard at the foot of tho yew tree, nud to-morrow at twelve of tho clock — " "By your leave, not to-morrow," eaid she peremptorily. " Not to-morrow, good wizard; for my father comes homo to-morrow ; and, by my life, I would not miss the going fortli to moot liim for all the lovers between hero and London town !" " \Tour father comes home to-morrow, Mistress Judith?" Baid lie, in somewhat startled accents. " In truth lie does ; and Master Tyler also, and Julius Sliawc— there will bo a goodly company, I warrant you, como riding to- mor row through Shipston and Trcdington aud Aldormiustor ; and by your leave, roverond sir, the magic must wait." " That were easily done," lie answered, altera moment's thought, "by the alteration of a sign, if the day following might find you at Iiborty. Will it so, gracious lady ?" " The day niter ? At what time of tile day;" she AskcJ. " Tho alteration of tho sign will make it but an hour earlier, if I mistake not ; that is to say, at cloven ol the forenoon you must be at the appointed place — " " Where, good wizard ?" said she — " whore am I to sco the wraitii, tho gliost, the phan tom husband that is to own mo ?" " That know I not myself as yet ; but my aids aud familiars will try to discover it for mo," lie answered, taking a small sun dial out of his pockot, aiul adjusting it as spoke. " And witli haste, so please you, good Bir." said she, " for I would not that any cbanco comer hud a talc of this meeting to carry back to tho gossips." He stooped down and placed tho sun dial carefully on llio ground, at a spot where the young corn was but scant enough on the dry red soil,' and then with his fore finger he traced two or three lines and a semi circle 011 the, crumbling earth, "South' by west," said he, and lie muttered some words to himself. Then ho looked np. "Know yon 'the road to Bidford, sweet lady ?" "As well as I know my own ten fingers," she answered, "Eor myself, I know it not, but if my art is nor. misleading there should Do. auout a mile or more along that road, another road at right angles with it, bearing to the right, and there at the junction should stand a cross of stono. Is it so ?" " 'Tis the lone that leads to Shotterv ; well I know it," she said. " So it has been appointed, then," said ho, "if the stars centinuo their protection over you. Tho day after to- morrow, at eleven of the forenoon, if you be within stone's throw of the cross at the junction of the roads, there shall you see, or my art is Btrangeiy mistaken, tho man or gentleman — nay, I know not whether he be parson or layman, soldier or merchant, knight of tbc shire or plain goodman Dick — I say there shall you see him that is to win yon and wear you ; but at what time you shall become Lis wife, and where, and in what circumstances, I can not reveal to you. I havo done my last en deavor." " "Nay, do not hold me ungrateful," ehe said, though there was a smile on her lips, " bntanrely, good air, what your skill has dono that it can nlso undo, If it havo power to raise a ghost, surely it has power to lay him. And truly, if it ho a ghost, I will not havo him. And if he bo a man, and have a red beard, I will not have him. And if he bo a siapo face, I' will have nouc of him. And if he have thin lege; ho may walk hie ways for me. Good wizard, if I like him not, you must undo the oharm." "My daughter, you have a light heart," said he, gravely. " May the favoring planets grant it lead yon not into mischief ; there be UDBeen powers that are rovcngful. And now I must take my leave, gracious lady. I have givbn yon tho result of much study and labor, of much solitary communion with tho heavenly bodies ; take : it, and use it with heed, and so fare you well." ' Ho was going, but she detained him. "Good sir, t am your debtor," said sho with the rod blood mantling in her forehead, for all through this interview silo had clearly recognised that siic was not dealing with any ordinary mendicant fortune-teller, "So much labor and skill I cannot accept from yon withont becoming a beggar. I prav you — " . He put np his hand. " Not so," said he, with a eertain gravo dig nity. " To have sot eyes on the fairest maid in Warwickshire— as I have heard you named — were surely sufficient recompense for nny troublo ; and to have had speecli of yon, sweet lady, is what many a one would vonture much for. But I would numbly kiss yonr hand ; nnd so again faro you well." " God shield you, most courteous wizard, and good day," said she as he left ; aud for a second sho stood looking after him in a lr'nd of wonder, for thb-extruordinnry conrtesy and dignity of manner woro certainly not what she had expected to find in n vagabond pur veyor of magio. But now he was gone, nnd she held the charm iu hor hand, and so with ont further ado she set out for homo again, getting down through tho brush-wood to the winding path. She walked quickly, for she had heard that Master Bushell's daughter, who was to bo married tlmt day, meant to beg a goueral holi day for tho solioolboys ; and bUo knew that if this were granted these sharp-eyed young imps would soon bo horo, thero and everywhere, and cortain to spy out tho wizard if lie were in the neighborhood. But when ehe hod got clear of this hanging copse, that is known as the Wior Brake, aud had reached tho open meadows, bo that from any part around sho could be seen to be alone, sbo had nothing further to fear, nnd she returned to her leisurely straying in quest of flowers. The sun was hotter on the grans now, but tho swallows wero as busy aa ovor over tho Btream ; and the groat bees hummed loud as they went past ; and hero and there a white butterfly fluttered from petal to petal ; and, far away, ahe could hear tho sound of children's voices in tho still ness. She was in a gay mood. The interview she had just had with one in loaguo with tho occult powers of magic and witchery did not seem in the least to have ovorawed Lor. Per haps, indeed, sho had not yet made up hor mind to try the potent charm that she had ob tained ; at all events the question did uot weigh heavily on lier. Por now it was, Oh, mistress mine, where are yon roaming S nnd ag .in it was, For a morn in spring Is tho sweetest thing ComcLh iu all the yoar ! "aud always another touch of color added to the daintily arranged bou jnot in hor hand. Aud then, of a sudden, as die chanced to look ahead, she observed a number of tho school boys come b warming down to the footbridge ; and ahe knew right well that one of them — to wit, young Willie Hart— would think a holiday quite thrown away and wasted if ho did not manage to seek out aud secure the com pany of hia pretty cousin Judith. " All, there, now," she wa3 Baying to herself, ns she watched tho schoolboys come over the bridge 0110 by one nnd two by two, " there, now, is my sweetheart of sweethearts ; there is my prince of lovers ! If ever I have lover as l'aitliful and kiud as lie, it will go well. 'Nay, Susan,' Bays he, 'I love you uot; you .kiss me hard, and speak to me ns if I wero still a child ; I love Judith better.' And how cruel of my father to put him in the play, and to slay him so soon ; but ; ereh ace lie will call him. to life again — nay, it s a f.vorite way with hiin to do that ; - and pr; y bea.'en lie brings home with liim to-morrow .ho rest of tho story, that Prue may read it to me. And so are you there, among tho unruly imps, you yonng Prince Mamiltius? llr.vo you caught sight of me yet, sweetheart blue eyes ? Why, come, then ; you will outstrip them all, I know, when you get sight of Cousin Judith, for as far off as you are, yiui will reach me first, that I am. sure of ; and then, by my life, sweetheart Willie, you shall havo a lass as so't as a dove's breast !" And so she went on to meet tliem, arrang ing the colors of her straggling blossoms tho while, with now aud again snatch of careless song : Como, blow tby horn, hunter ! Home, blow thy hum, buiucr ! Come, blow tby born— jolly hunter 1 