NEWa BY THE MAIL, The following extracts from the Times to the 25th April : — SIR WILFRED 1AWSON. Sir Wilfred Lawson was one of the principal speakers on Monday at a political meeting at Whitehaven. Addresses were also delivered by Mr W. C. Gully, Q.C., the chosen Liberal candidate for Whitehaven, and Mr David Ainsworth, M.P., for West Cumberland. Sir Wilfred Lawson, speaking to a reso ? -lution expressing gratification at the manner in which the Government were dealing with the county franchise question and rejoicing at the hearty support accorded the bill by the Liberal party, said the Liberals were not going to allow the Tcries with their allies, the House of Lords, to throw the bill out, for they were now going to make the House of Commons the House of the common people. For his part he would rather lave seen redistribution go with . the franchise, like the one grand bill of 1832 ; but he was not going to quarrel with the Government because that was not done. It was all a question of tactics, and in this matter he was a good party man, for he would leave all such arrangements to the Government so long as they stuck to principle. There were a good many honest soundLiberals who, he had nodoubt, looked upon' him with displeasure in consequence ,of the action he had taken against the Government, but. be could . only answer them by repeating that the course he had taken . in regard to Egyptian affairs was the only' course consistent with his views. It was said that the ' dirty trick debate' was . really the chief grievance against him, both . in Carlisle and West Cumber land. . Now, Sir William Harcourt, when iie spoke of the ' dirty trick,' certainly did not say that he (Sir Wilfred), Mr Richard, and Mr Morley had done a dirty trick. If he had said so he would have heard something more about it. But whiat .did Sir William Harcourt do on the very next Friday? Sir William had a strong love for the bishops, and when it 'was proposed that the bishops should not have seats in the House of Lords he got up and said it would never . do to' turn those excellent reverend fathers in, God about their business. Sir William Har court was just as keen for preserving the political lives of the bishops as he (Sir Wilfred) was for preserving the lives of the poor Arabs in Egypt, and he did not tell Sir William Har court that, it was a dirty trick of him to go with the Tories in enabling them . to. retain the bishops in the House of Lords. No, Sir William Harcourt was conscientious — he did not run away . from' bis convictions when he saw the rag tag and bob-tail coming after him. As to the Reform Bill, he believed they would have to go over it all again, and he was looking for three months more debate. There was a big jump to go over with the House of Lords, and it would require all their energies to get over it. If the House of Lords wciuld listen to reason be would give them a little of it. They had better mind what they are about. For 50 years they had been damning the course of progress, but the breaking-down time would come. It was very probable, in deed, if tbe Lords set themselves against the people and tried to prevent them en joying -the rights of citizens that before long we should go into the House of Lords and find nothing but a few coronets on the floor. THE RUSSIAN BUDGET OP 1884. In a memorandum by Mr J. G. Ken nedy, of the St. Petersburg Embassy, on the Russian Budget for 1884, which has just been issued, it stated that the tone of the Finance Minister, in submitting his Estimates, was despondent. He re- j cognised without reserve the'stagnat'on in exports and industry and the low ex- ' change value of the rouble, but he antici pated no improvement, and announced ' the necessity for increased taxation as the means of raising the revenue and for the development )of manufacturing industry. 'The figures of the Estimates for the pre- 1 sent year are somewhat similar to those of 1882. There is considerable increase in the expenditure, a deficit of 11,500,000 roubles on the ordinary Budget, and an ; extraordina-y expenditure of 74,5000,000 j roubles, which is to be covered by sums at ! the disposal of tbe Ministry, while 9,733,00 roubles are to be realised by new operations of credit. MR -CHAMBERLAIN ON ' INCLOSURES ' OF ~ LAND. Mr Chamberlain, writing in reply to a correspondent who had sent him a' report of a discussion at the Leyland Hundred Highway Board Upon ' inclosures' of land, says : — 'The inclosure of roadside land is going on at a -great pace, and I am afraid that in many instances it is condoned - or sanctioned by existing local authorities. The - mischief is often not apparent atihe present time, but as popu lation increases, it will be found that the rights of the public, and above all of the poor, have been invaded and confiscated to a most serious extent. I believe tbe time will come when an account will be demanded of these proceedings, and the lapse of iime will not be allowed to stand in the way -of a full inqniry into these in closures, and -wherever it is found that they have been made without ample legal authority 1 believe they will and ought to j be restored to the people.' AMERICAN GOLD AND SILVER. The inexhaustible riches of the United 1 States trom gold ana silver mining may be partially estimated by the fact that the aggregate production of gold up to June 30, 1883, has been l,632,364,670dols. That of silver has been 698,083,217dols, making a grand total of 2,230,448,887dols, or £446,089,577- Reduced to the equiva lent- weights, the total gold output has been 79,965,572 troy ounces, or 2707'4 avoirdupois net tons, -while the silver weight represents 462,590,469 troy ounces, or 15,680 tons- -Putting the statistics into another form, tbe gold produced in the country up to the present time, if brought together, would be sufficient to load 271 ordinary freight cars ; . tbe silver, supposed to be collected as fine bullion, would require 1586 cars for its transporta tion. The gold would tax the carrying capacity of a large ocean steamship, while the silver would form cargoes for a con siderable fleet. METROPOLITAN PAUPERISM. Census of metropolitan paupers, ex clusive or lunatics in asjiums ana vagrants, taken on the last day of the weeks named hereunder (enumerated in habitants in 1881, 3,815,000): — Second week of April, 1884— indoor, 53,519 ; outdoor, 35,307 ; total, 89,223. Second week of April, 1883— indoor, 53,441; outdoor, 39,595 ; total, 93, €36. Second i week of April, 1882 — indoor, 50,049 ; 1 outdoor, 40,167 ; total, 90,816. Second week of April, 1881 — indoor, 51,134 ; outdoor, 41,236 ; total, 92,-380. j Vagrants relieved in the- metropolis on tbe last day' of the second week of April, 1884 — 448 men, 121 women, 24 children under 16 ; total, 593. \- AMERICAN IMMIGRATION. The total immigration in the United States in- January last was 12,015, against 12,940 in January, 1883. For seven months ended January 31, 1884, the j aggregate was 250,360, against 283,419 in j a like period ending January 31, 1883. ! Of the whole, number of immigrants, New j York received 168,867 in the seven j months ending January, 1883 ; Huron, i Michigan, received 18,120, against 25,098; ' Boston, 17,687, against 21,832 ; Balti« . more, 10,001, againBt 15,410 ; Detroit, : 13,120, against 7636 ; Philadelphia, 9805, against 11,246 ; and New Orleans, 3219, as compared with 1011. With re.sp.rd to the countries from which the immigrants were despatched, the following are the - respective figures : England and Wales, , , - 39,087 ; Ireland, 20,922 ; Scotland, 6119; ' Austria, 5720 ; Germany, 85,187 ; Italy, 1 ' 0648 ; Norway, 7393 ; Sweden, 10.831 ; Dominion of Canada, 33,839 ; all other countries, 34,640. It will thus be seen that a great depletion of population is f going on in Germany. - A MUNIFICENT GIFT. ' i In a letter to the rural dean of ? Birmingham, the Bishop of Worcester, referring to the great need of church . extension in that town, pointed out in a i recent report of the Church Extension Society, announces that in the hope -of . - encouraging a great and effectual effort to -i supply this deficiency a benevolent in- :I dividual, who wishes to be known only as ?'- ' a landowner' of the town of Binning ham, has entrusted him with the disposal 'i of the sum of £10,000 for the purpose .of ' ?? making better provision for the spiritual ?: wants of the town of Birmingham, with . j instructions, among other things, to have special regard to the wants of the parishes of All Saints' and St. Andrew's, Bordesley. ? CONSERVATISM IN LINCOLNSHIRE. /i Mr James Lowther, M.P., .and Mr — Rowland Winn.M.P., addressed an open air meeting of their constituents- on { Monday at Epworth, Lincolnshire. ' Mr ? , Winn replying to a question said he was i not against enfranchising the agricultural n laborers, but he would not vote for tbe ? r Franchise Bill unless the Government: brought forward their Redistribution ( scheme. Mr Lowther declared . that the -o conduct of the Government concerning-' Egypt, and especially with reference to ,t General Gordon, was nothing short of ja-, grave national scandal and humiliation..,' ! They had made the name of England a by ; ' j word among nations. Every one whobad . , i the slightest capacity for political know-. .1 ? ledge was aware that the so-called Reform. . Bill had not the . ghost of a chance of ;i passing during the lifetime of tbe present Parliament. Its factious introduction -7 prevented progress in more' useful: -and -, .' more urgent measures. It would practi- ;? cally annihilate and entirely ..swamp? the r; agricultural interest. The Cattle Diseases Bill had been introduced by the Govern- ,ut ment under false pretences and to hood^ wink Parliament. A minority of the audience occasionally interrupted the pro ceedings by expressions of dissent . from the views of the speakers. : ! THE IRISH JARTV. . . ' As the result nf the rtnnfer&ncaH; Hold r? daring the past week of the delegates -rf. the metropolitan branches of the Insh - National League, with the members ot_ . the House of Commons who form the_ra ?Executive, a system of electoral organiza tion has been definitely agreed upon.^ The branches existing in each of the / metropolitan boroughs will between them j} form central electoral councils, whoser^' business will be to take measures under r 1 the general direction of tbe central^ Executive for the consideration of the^ Irish vote. With this view the electoral'1* councils are to form agencies in each of the polling districts in tbe boroughs,^ whose members will undertake bouse to' ' house visitations for the purpose of com pleting lists of Irish householders, com^VJ pound householders, and lodgers, entitled to the Parliamentary franchise. The J agents will report to the councils, aihdthel ' .^ borough councils through the branch -~a delegates will report monthly to the ?' Executive as to the progress tnade. - In a less formal way the work ? of registering the Irish vote has been ' proceeding since January last, and tbe report of the general secretary of tbe ' Irish National League of Great Britain, Mr Brady, states that the statements ' made from the provincial and metropolitan organisations, show that since the general election of 1890, the Irish vote throughout Great Britain has very largely increased. It has been determined that members ' of the Irish Parliamentary party shall as often as is practicable visit tbe provincial organisations, and special attention has been directed to-the selection of candi- ' s dates for the local- representatives - In some half-dozen metropolitan districts, Irish- .candidates for the. vestries will be jjul lurwaru at w elections to xase place - in May ; and before the House oi Com mons rises for the Whitsuntide holidays, Mr Parnell, M.P., will be afforded -an L-: opportunity of conferring with the dele-;' gates from all the metropolitan branches, and district electoral councils on the . : practical work of political organisation. MR GLADSTONE ON THE INCOME TAX* : ? Mr John Musgrave, Westdale Hall, one of - the Conservative candidates 'for Weat Cumberland, having stated at a public meeting at Keswick last week that .-. when Mr Gladstone appealed . to' -the country in 1860 he promised to' reduce the income tax and to ' wipe it off- from the Statute-book,' a correspondent cali&tl; Mr Gladstone's attention to it, and in quired as to tbe truth of the statement. The following reply bas now been :re- , ceived from the right hon. gentleman ' '10, Downing-street, Whitehall, April . . 15.— Sir, — I am directed by. Mr Glad- .' stone to acknowledge the receipt of your ? letter and of the newspaper which accom^ panied it, and to say that Mr MusgraVe ? seems to have taken !no puns to inform ~ himself with reference to the proposal -to ' abolish the income tax. It was at tbe general election of 1874 that Mr Glad stone made the proposal, the state of tbe finances at 'that time permitting of this'1 very large operation of relief to tbe tax payer. — I am, sir, your obedient servant^' — Horace Seymour.' ' i — — ' :--l 