THE EUREKA STOCKADE. TO THE EDITOR. Yours, &c.;, ONE OF THE INSURGENTS. SIR,—Before replying to the letter of the Hon. J. B. Humffr a y, who accuaes the writer of the gapers on the Eureka Stockade, pub lished in your columns some time ago of juutrutbTalnest, I thought it' advisable to obtain Snoopy. of " Withers'Hißtor/ of Balla rat,Vtasee what be had to aay.oh, the.Stook-v ade times. Hairsplitting was always’the 'forte of the' Hon. J; B. and a perusal of his letter shows me that'his fright hand has uot yet forgot .its ounuiDg. Probably when the promised history..’of Ballarat appears "The golden'.’ grains -:of. truth": by j. 1 B. 'HnmSray will shine as resplendent as the 'sun and altogether,'obscure the lesser lights of," mullock,” ,gshe. ; elegantly: puts' it; that have ' thrown a'Meetle" light ‘on’ the’ .early ‘timrs. 1 ' As the'jrapere on the'Stockade)' were written 'from memory there may possibly,Have been some alight mistakes with regard to dates, but incidents recorded are essentially ’■ true.’ 'They are seared on tbd memory of...She' writer aa if done., with . a branding-iron and moat’ of them came under ; bis;/personal observation, and the, > remainder were known to be facts - at the time. I Would strongly recommend ! the HonSJ. Bi' to read, mark well. aud inwardly digest; the 1 couclnding'sentences., in .the papers’ on. the, Stdokede; 1 The writer'stye—“ Mibe w&b; 1 an bumble part in the trsgio drama. My name does net appear on any. of tbV records of the day; .excepting on' : the.'lisb' bf r> thoae 'captured on that eventful 'tdqrning.. 1 Ip- all,, human probability theße' papers 'would never'have appeared if I bad noblaccidentally seen an article in The StoVdyilb'a few kindly remarks on the men of 1854 " He was silent for thirty years. He sought' not,’ .honours or emolu ments for thq.'ipart' ’he had played in the struggle for civil liberty,'and only spbke out when bis heart was full of gratitude, to the editor of TKe Star for sayiog a few kind words df him and his otftbrsdes,' Who ’fought and bled for liberty.Bo ysars agbi ,'He;is not known by erijooe as the author of those papers, out side his own family. excapting the' editor of The Star. r What; object cadi be gained by the ‘finnooeht boaatmg'.Vhe ia'accused of,'after a silenoe of 30 years! The r querulous criticism of the account of the. burning of Bentley's hotel 1 is too contemptible :to, notice, so I will pass - on to" Ms. remarks on the burning of the licenses >! on : Bakery Hill. ThTHo'n.'J7B7ls of opinion that there were only some hundred?, 1 As neitber party makes any pretence' to"have counted the 1 number burnt, the aggregate ' number : is merely a matter of opioioo, and as> there were a good many thousands of people present at the meet ing, the present generationmay.aafely, believe .that 'there Were a verygreat niimber of licenses burnt. The Hon. J. B;. states there was no one wounded on the 30th November, 1854, by the police, but he admits, that a policeman fired' at-a digger with a blank oartridge. How. he was aomuch in the confidence of the police as to know that' it waa a blank' cartridge is a mystery.to me. I was working on the Gravel JPib' 'Flat -in'- November; I was on the night shift/and in bed at the time ofthedisturbance.. Shonly after the occurrence ameaaenger came to my tent on Clayton. Hill:.and; roused all who were in ’bed;' and informedus that the police had fired at and wounded a digger-ion ; tbe Gravel Pita Flat.' - I- never heard that contradicted until now. I have laboured under the impression for 30 years that the man whom the police fired at was wounded, and so have hundreds besides' me 7 Withers says that tbe police fired on the people, but he does not state that anyone was -wounded. The Hon. J; B. denies that he was 4 jostled and hooted. I, am on solid ground-now, j have no hesita tion in'stiting that. I/saw-him.'draggedoga' stamp and jostled, and I heard the people, hoot him when he: ref used, to join theioßur-) ’gents.His statement: that young Boss said he had gonetoo far to backouc is pure buncombe: 'lf tbe gallant young Canadian had been a coward he could easily' have followtfd the example of .the ' Hoo. • J. B', .and cleared out and .kept ■' oat of range of- -the ; soldiers’ tnnskate. I ’ oan easily fix the .'.date on which.the Hon. J.B.wae hooted. It was on the Ist of Deoember, the ’ day after the police fired on the people. In order' tb'ahow. the present generation bow much wiser he waa' than hU.cnntemporiiriaa. be states that tbe Governor informed him Jbhat .he bad app'poidted a ' Boyaf’’.Commission 1 '"to. enquire, into, the diggers' grievances.: Surely it did not require a Royal Commission to inform 'the - Governor .or anyone else that free.born men in tbe prime of their youth would not long submit to be . huuted like wild beasts;'.Ho'civilised State in modern days ever treated their- subjects in the harsh manner the diggers were treated 30 years ago. An old pressman, recently lecturing on the early-times, gave a .ludicrous, as well as, a tragical, acecunt Of his .experience. He was 11 iun iu” to the Bendigo " logs"'for having no license. Shortly afterwards be peeped through a crack between the logs,, and saw a number of policemen with-a bottle df champngne, etch drinking out of the bottles.' One "bobby'' could not .finish his. So, looking round, he noticed the pris iuer looking through tbe craok. He threw-tbe r emainder of the liquor at him,-; remarking, "Taka' a ahmell, you. —— •wretch." i The Hon. J. - B. states that the Crown’entered anolle prouquiia the case of tbe person who'.was charged with' . the man-, slaughter,of Henry'lPowell. -I always under stood be:waa Acquitted on a technical point. Withers a? page 87 Bays—" But the' officer was by the jury at the trial." : In' the papers on the Stookade the following appeals: —“The- troops Wefeiordered to' fire at‘ any ■ tent showing light. One mao, ono woman, and one child were, killed, anda number,of people; wounded.” The Hon. J By says;:" This really forms the ’climax- of hia fertile inventiveness; although the. firing continued) seme short time there wai/ neither, man; woman, nor,child killed. There was one mao, a leputedeqaatler,' whofwar walking ’up th'e. Camp 'Hill at. the time, iaaeived, it is said, * ; bullet in the hip joint; and it was reported that be died'apace months .after wards.’’ ' If .the; hon ;• gentleman ever has the misfortune tq'beworinded,in de. - fouce ofoivil .hberty hie friendl, may-reat ’assured his woonde willbe found-in) the tame region'; at. theVajuiifteiV'were; : .jOoe of!, those ,;miafqrtaoe -to be woundedon. theth ooceeion<hae -already •poken i <put, in ■ho' . nnoertain At we.. need.. expect ',ho . reply 'from the dead oh the e'objeotj We will turn up Withere, and see what be baa to aay on the question. j Tbs 'writer of jbepaperevras a State prisoner at; the Umei and received soldiers,-who^ prisoners.-; ,-Atpige v7Ai,Withi:raquoies-from I theJjouinsl- ofa Governmentofficerlwho wee in ithe rcamjv-'at7'tha.time,'ai follows;—“:4th December,—A Dumber 'of- insurgents—favored by a 1 clouded moon f —crept under eoTe r! of tbb ; n earest'-tipis 5 ' andfired fromsejreial' poTpfs' caused iUrm‘.-‘.Everyone, flew to hiaV .post, „ aßd! ' a Vgenera) ;.dWVarge . tools plaoe, rretuljpog—as. wa./.baljeipd,,:,though erroneously sejto the dssthtr—infithe,death;of k> woman iPml child, iu'nne, of *the tents; and in tlie wouridiogroftbreeinen on the>road ad joining.' Ooe of-theis waa*brnught.ibfrotn the'road; in 1 front' 'pf. the’ mpa* house, and 1 died afewdays 'Wfer. l,r ; show 'this present generation oi the.'papers is hot guilty.oE wilful nbc oah she charge,of; “ fertile iusontiyeneas'l he ,np held. It will also prove that.the r Ho.o;,J B. is not quite aceuratejrin his::own atateinents'. “Gwiryu erhyu.y byd." t The Hoo. J... 8. Says:—“On the announcement'' by placard a abort , time after-'the "Stockade by Mr Commissioner Sberard that he was. coming round and hoped every digger 'would be pro; pared to show hie license, I at obcß cilled. a'n impromptu committee:of miners ,on the Old Qumtree Flat. It was decided'to'call'a public meeting and remonstrate against this renewal of the odious digger hunting. ~ I drew dp a placard, which was at once printed, and a bell ringer, sent.roundt to distribute .them.'.’- .The aboveia-absolutely untrue. I ,' Hia “ impromptu committee of . minors” and nir'J.bellf ipger" are . simply, creations, of-.hie bwp.imagination. When my Curniib friend, who was a great admirer Of sound; and ! left'theli-d Streak for the purpose getting'the .posters calling a; meeting ", printed, he insisted on obtaining, the assistance of. Jr B Humffray. We ran him to earth in’:" His Lordship's Larder.” He assisted” ua,,;to punish the best part, of bottle of brandy,- at my •apanae... .We left him' " there, 'went to 'Fletcher's,; bad ' the' posters printed, and they were stuck up as already described/ The Hon J. B. boasts that it was moral : force - that rung' the . death knell of digger hunting, as it was never attempted .after, that: meeting.',' I fear/, moral force,, .would' have ; had very 'little effect oh the authorities .of that time, -bad it not .been . for ...the ‘ dread ,of,another “lick in the'lug'', looming in the back ground. .1 have read the Hou. J. B.’a letter a -doEen times,' in order to understand thoroughly- what object he-, bad in writiog it. There is.net one bareh word in the effendiog papers against'-him; No living manoan de fect a sneer directed.against him. . .He could not raise up the ghost of a sneer butlfor the assistance of some M small atill 'vuice within.'' The only reason that l oan assign for. .the' appearance of the: letter is the fact: that, the Ipapera did not extol. him 'sufficiently -in -his .estimation. - Therefore' the letter /was writ ten -. to.' "crack up” 'J. ■'. B. Humffray. I hope,l do not.wrobg the hon. gbntlemaD,; but-I never could believe him to -be in earnest. .The' first .time .I/set - him vyas : at Sailors' Gully. A meeting waa held .in a circua pitched there to protest against the: diggers’ grievances. - After-tbe business was concluded and the people dispersing, I. saw Humffray coming alopg ;the Qeelong road. He asked some of the.men what was, the object of the gathering, On beiDg informed, he mounted a stump and made one of hie oharaoteristic speeahes; as full of -wise saws as a ; Maori' chiefjs, andheartilydenounoedoffioialtyrahny. • H<a fluent .tongue and -/pleasant manner took with the diggers, who had bemused-to/the rough eloquence ! ot Reynolds aud others,' but l never could understand what grievance he,had to oomplain of to warrant- him to become'an agitator before the sun bad set on the'first day of his appearance on the- goldfields. His ability::as a. platform! speaker, gave him.great iofluenoe with the diggers, -and-biß appearance on,, the. platform, at the eubsEquent meetings protesting against official tyranny, his nods and mysterious hints about what was sure to happen if redress was not obtained helped to fan the passions of the people to white heat, which eoded in the Eureka tragedy. When the timi e became dangerous he was non til. When “ broken .heads and houses in flrmes" .were about, John Bassun Humffray waa notarouud. While , his ..brother diggers were standing in defence of civil liberty, in fropt of that'leaden storm 90 years t ago, be took good care to place pis ; yaluable. carcase in, safety—out-of, range of danger. :I freely.admit that J. B, Humffray did good work ;in the'early days, and f a great quantity.of it,'too; 'but he muat.not attempt to-day ; to make people believe.-he> did nil- the guud nuik. -; Mauy.ul those who helped to lay the 'foundations of J'the liberty wenowenjoy are moulderiog in their-graves,.aud others re tired into .private life,: and ware .content to keep quiet in the back ground, out'of public view, whose services will never be known or acknowledged,- 