WYLLARD'3 WEIRD,- A NEW NOVEL BY .1IIS8 ir. E. BRADDON, Author of. "Lady Audley's Sechet," _ " Iuhmael," &c.; Chapter II,'— After the Inquest— (Cox-' ' / tixued,) ' It would. -have been a wild speculation to suppose, .because Bothwell's countenance aud manner worc "so charged with secret trouble, that his' was.' the arm which thrust that poor girl to', her. untimely death. Yet the coroner found himself /'dwelling upon this wild fancy, painful' as 'it. 'was to him to harbor any evil thought of Doris Wyllard's cousin. lhere were several points which forced themselves npon his consideration — as it were, in spite of himself. First, Bothwell's changed manner- to-day— hi3 avowal of a troubled night— his evident wish to be alone — his in- civility, as of "one whose mind was Bet on edge by painful thoughts. Then came the fact of hie jourisey". to Plymouth on that day— a journey undertaken suddenly, without any ex planation offered to his cousin— a seemingly purposeless trip, since he had given no reason for. absenting ''himself, stated no business in tile town; He had gone and returned within a few hours, vauil his journey had been a sur prise to his cdnsin and her husband. Thirdly, there was . his clumsy attempt to explain the girl's death just, now, in front of the inn door ; his unwillingness to admit tho idea of foul play. He who excuses himself accuses him self, says the proverb. Botbwell had tried to account for the' catastrophe on tho line, and in so doing Had; awakened the coroner's sns- picions. -. ; .- " ' After all, these links in-a chain of evidence were of the slightest ;'bu6 Ipdward.'-Heathcote had set himself to unravel thb mystery of tho namolcss dead, and he was determined' not to overlook tho slenderest thread in the web of that dark secret!' ' . " 1 " Youricousihi'Mr! Wyllard, seemed to have quite recovered from 'the shock; of yesterday evenlilg,". lie said, presently. -" I "never saw him looking' better than he -looked this aiter- noon." " ' ' " "Wyllard is a man made of iron," answered Bothwell, carelessly. " I sometimes think there is only ou'e soft-spot in his heart, and that is his love for my '.cousin. In that he is distinctly human, 1 1 never saw a mare devoted husband. I never knew a' happier couple." Eo'th well sighed, lis if this mention of the happiness of others recalled the thought of his own misery; -:At least, it was thu3 that Edward Heathcote interpreted the aigh. Completely, absorbed in his own cares, Bothwell' had / forgotten for tho momout tliat ' he was . talking to the man whom his : cousin had jilted in- order to marry Julian -Wyllard, The courtship and the marriage, had a happened while Bothwell was in the Ea3t. It had never been moro to bim'thish a tradition, and the tradition was not in'his mind wheu ho talked of his cousin's wedded happiness. '"I om .glail that it is so, very glad," said Edward Heathcote, earnestly. He spoke in all good faith. Ho had loved with so unselfish a love that the welfare of his idol had been ever of more account to him than " hia own bliss. He had re nounced her without a struggle, since her happiness domanded the saerifice. And sho was happy. That was the grand point. Ho had paid the price, and he had won the reward. He ha-1 laved with all bis heart and strongtli. He had never ceased so to love. That wedded life, which to the outside world had seemed a life of quiet domestic happinoss, had been on his part only a life of resignation. He kiid married a friendless, penniless girl who loved him— who had betrayed the secret of her love for hini unawares, in very innocence of inex- porienced girlhood. Ho had taken a helpless girl to hisheartamlhome, because thero seemed upon this oarth no other available shelter for her ; and he had done his utmost for her happiness. He had succeeded so well that sho never know that this thoughtful kindness which wrapt her ronnd as with a balmy atmosphere, this boundless benevolence which shouc upon her like tho sun, was not love. Sho was ono of the happiest of women, and one of tho proudest wives in tho west country, acid sho died blessing him who had made her life blessed. And now tho gossips were all fall of pity for Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. tho widower's io33 and loneliness — a poor be- reoved creature living in a lonely old grange, with a young siBter, the twin daughters, just four years old, and an ancient maiden lady who looksd after the Bister, the children, tho house and the servants ; and in her own per son represented the genius of thrift, propriety, prudonce, wisdom aud ull the domcstic.virtuos. People in the neighborhood of Bodmiu, and old friends at Plymouth, all thought aud talked of Mr, Heathcoto as borne down by the weight of his bereavement, and all hoped that lie would soon marry again. . The Spaniards lay in a valley between Bod- min-road station and Penmorval. It lay on Botbwetl's-road to his cousin's house, ana he had thus no excuse for parting company with, the coroner, had he been so inclined The old wrought iron gate between grey granite pillars, each crowned with the escutcheon of the Heathcotes, stood wide open, and the snug rose and myrtle curtained cottage by the gate had as sleepy an air in the summer evening as if it had been a lodge at the gate of the Sleep ing Beauty's enchanted domain. Even the old trees, the great Spanish chestnuts, with their masses of foliage, had a look of having outgrown all reason is a century of repose. No prodigal son had laid the spendthrift's axe to the good o'.d trees around the birthplace of the Hentli- cotes. There was ouly the extent of a wide paddackand lawn between the hall door and that grand old gateway, aud the house, though substantial and capacious, hardly pretended tr the dignity of a mansion. It was long audio w and rambling— a house of many small rooms, qucir winding passages, innumerable doors and windows, and low, heavily timbered ceil ings, a house in which strange visitors and serrauts were given - to seeing ghosts ! and hearing unearthly noises of gloomy", and funereal significance— albeit the family, had jogged on quietly enough from . generation to generation without any interference from the spirit world. People coming from brand new houses iu Earl's-court or Turnham Green - pro tested that the Spaniards mult be haunted; and Bhuddered every time the mice scampered behind the panelling, or the wind sighed amidst the branches of those leafy towers that girdled lawn and meadow. Bothwell thought that Mr. Heathcote would leave him at the gate of the Spaniards. " Good night," he said, somewhat shortly..; "I'll go on to Penmorval with you, andhieai what impressions the inquest made upon Wyt lard," said the other, " It's not half- past seven yet— your cousin will be able to Bpare me a few minutes before dinner. - Bothwell walked on without a word. Ten. minutes brought them to the gabs of Penmor val, by far the lordlier domain, with a history that involved noblest traditions. But that;, ancient race for which - Penmorval had . heen built, for whose sons and daughters it hadl grown in grandeur and dignity- as the cen turies rolled along— of these, there romaiiiei no- more than the echo of a vanished renown!— they were. gone, verily like a tale that is : told;, and tho purtcnit banker, tho mau who had grown rich by his own intellect and his own industry — naturally a very inferior personage — reigned in their stead.. . ; Penmorval seemed not quite so dead asleep, as Heathcote Grange, alias the Spaniards. . -. In the sweet stillness of the summer evening; Bothwell and his companions heard voices- women's voices — familiar and pleasant to the. cars of both. : - Sirs, Wyllard was strolling in the avenue4,, with a young lady by her side, a girl in a- white gown and a large leghorn hat ; tail slight, graceful of form, and fair of face— ». ' girl who gave a little cry of pleased surprise, at seeing Heathcote. - "I was just rushing home, Edward," she. said, " for fear I should keep you waiting 16 dinner." " Iudeed, Hilda. Then I can only say that . your idea of rushiog is my idea of sauntering, -V her brother answered, smiling at the girlish, face as he shook hands with Mb.'. Wyllard;4 "What did Mr. Wyllard think of the ."in quest Y' he asked. "You have soen him,;! suppose?" "Only for a minute as he drove hy to this- house, while Hilda and I were walking in tha- avenue. Why, Bothwell, how fagged and ill you look," exclaimed Mrs. Wyllard,; looking; at her cousin. ' . " Only bored," answered. Bothwell, which was not complimentary to the companion Of < his long walk. . !v:rn' "But you look positively exhausted, pain- fellow," pursued Dora, pityingly. ' "Why didn't you come back ia the dogcart. There- was room for you." r.'.l " I wanted to be alone." I " Aud I wanted, company," said Heathcote, laughing, "so I indicted my society upon ah; - unwilling companion. - Very bad manners; no. doubt. "I am afraid yon got the 'worst of tho bat-, gain," muttered Bothwell, with n sullen look, at which Hilda's blue eyes opened wide with, . wonder. "Do you know, Mr. Heathcote, an idle life does not agree with my cousin," said Dots, "I never know what it iB to be weary of Pen morval or the country round,- but for the lost- three or four weeks Bothwell has behaved as if he hated the place, and could findneithor test, not amusement within twenty miles of sit. He Is perpetually moving off to Plymouth. or- to London." . I wish women would take to reading their dictionaries instead of cramming their heads with other women's novels," exclaimed Botb-' well, savagely, " for then perhaps they might . have some idea of th# meaning of words. When you say I run up to London perpetually,. Dora, I suppose you meau that I have been-, there twice— on argent business, by the way— within the lost five weeks." '.'And to Plymouth at least'a dozen times," ' protested Dora. "All I can say is that yoa- are my idea of perpetual motion" " I know you ate hardly ever lit home, Air. . Grahame," said Hilda, backing up her friend; Thoy strollod towards the house as they - talked, and half way along tho avenue they met the master of Peumorval, correctly at. - . tired in sober evening dress, with, a light over- coat worn loosely above bis faultless black. "How do you do, Heathcote? Do yot know, Dora, tliat it is teu minutes to eignt You'll stop aud dine with ua, of course, added: Julian Wyllard, cordially. "You refuaedlnxt night, bat now Hilda is hero, and you have - no excuse for goiug home." " I only cauio to afternoon tea," said Hilda. "And yon and my wifo have been gossip-, ping from five o'olock until now. Deepest - mystery of social life, what two women can.. find to talk about for three mortal hours in., the dopths of a rural seclusion like this I" . Jgg=?— — == "A myatory to a man who cannot imagino ' int women oltlior think or read," retortod iiora, taking her husband's arm, "You men have a fixed idea that yonr wives and eistora are only two subjects of conversation, gowns knd servants. Of course, you will stay and Sine, Mr. Heathcote, I am not going to dross ' for dinner, so please don't look at your frock coat as if that were an insupcrablo obstacle. . You and Hilda arc going to stop, whether you like it or not." . "You know wo always like to he here," said 'Hilda, in hor low, sweet' voioo. " ' She stole a little shy look at Bothwell, as if .. wondering what lie thought of the matter ; hut „ ... Bothweil's countenanco was inscrutable. Hilda was pained but not surprised by his manner. Ho had changed to her so strangoly within the last fow montliB— ho who half a v 'rear ago had boen so kind, so attentive. She !. jvas not nngry — alio was not vain enough to . wonder that a man should begin by caring for jher a little, and then ieavo off caring all at onoe, and relapse into absolute indifference, tehe supposed that such fickleness was a com mon attribute of the superior sex. They oil went to the house, and through a (gloss door into the largo low drawingroom, (where tho bntler immediately announced din ner. The two ladies had only time to take teff their hats beforo they wont into the dining- room. They woro both in white, nnd there "-i'; (was a grace in Dora Wyllard's simple gown, a cluster of roBes half hidden by the folds of an .. (Indian muslin fiohu, a swan-like throat rising torn a haze of delicato inco, which was mors httraotivo than tho costliest toilet ever imported from Paris to be the wonder of a court ball, Yes, she was stil! of all womon Edward Heath cote had over known tho most gracions, the most beautiful, Those seven years of a happy, ' inarricd life had ripened her beauty, iiad given a shade of thoughtfuiness to tho matron's dark oyos, tho low, wide brow, tho perfect month, but had not robbed tho noble countc- , nance of a single charm. Tho face of the ... (rife was nobler than the face of the girl. It was tho face of awomanwho lived for another rather than for her own happiness, the face of a woman suporior to all feminine frivolity, and . yet in all tilings most womanly. Edward Heathcote sighed within himself as .be took his place beside his hostess in the . subdued light of the old panelled room, a : . warm light from lamps that hung low on the tablo, under roso colored shades, umbrella- khaped, spreading a luminous glow over silver S nd gloss and flowers, and leaving tho faces of he guests somewhat in shadow. Ho sighed as he thought how cwcot life would have been '... .had tbis woman remained truo to her first love. Por sho had loved him once. Eight Rears ago thoy two had clasped hands, touched Jips, as affianced lovers. He could never for. . - get what sho had been to him, or what she might have been. He sat at her husband's table in all loyalty of soul, in stanch friend ship. He would have cnt Iris heart out rather than debase himself or Dora by one gnilty thought, Yet ho could but remember these things had been. Tho two ladies left almost immediately after' dinner, and Bothwcll sauntered out into tho garden directly afterwards. Not to rejoin them, as ho would have done a few months ago, but to smoko tiro cigar of solitude in a walk beside a crumbling old red wall, and a long narrow border of hollyhocks, tall, gigantic, yellow nnd crimson, and white and pmk. I'hero were fruit trees on tbo other aide of tho wall, which was supported with tremendous buttresses at intervals of 20 ieet or so, and about wall and buttresses climbed clematis nnd passion flower, jasmins, yellow and white, and tho great crimson trumpets of tho biguonin. Tho banker and tho lawyer sat silently for a few minutes, Julian Wyllard occupied "in tho choice of a cigar from a caso which ho had first offered to Ilia guest, and then Edward Heathcote asked him what lie thought of the inquest. "I thought it altogether unsatisfactory," answered Wyllard. "You did your best to thresh out a few facts, but those fools of rail-- Way people had nothing to tell worth hearing. Everybody knows that the poor creature fell 6ff the train— or was thrown off. What wo want to find out is whether there was foul play in tho business." "It is my belief that there was," said Heathcote, looking at him fixedly in tho dim, difficult light, almost as unsatisfactory for sncli a scrutiny as tho changeful glow of the fire. . "And mine," answered the banker, "and -go strong is my conviction npon tbis point that I stopped at the post office on my way home, and telegraphed to my old friend George Distin, asking him to come down and , -help us to solve the mystery." '.'Do you mean the famons criminal lawyer!" "Whom else should I mean? He and I were schoolfellows, I have asked him to stop \- at Fenmorval while he carries on his investiga tion." Chapteti III.— George Disti.w Sirs. Wyllard was surprised and even horri fied when, on tho morning after the inquest, her hnshsnd told her that he had invited Mr. -Distin, the criminal lawyer, to stay at Pen- morval while ho investigated tho mj'Btery of the nameless girl's death. Tho presence of hnoh a man beneath her roof seemed to ber like a pollution of that happy home. '"My dear Dora, what a delightful em bodiment of provincial simplicity you show yourself in this business," said her husband, fanghlngljn "I believe you confound the lawyer Who practises in tho criminal courts with the police agent yon have rend about ill French novels. A man of low birth nnd education, kith nothing but his native wit to recommend kirn— a man whose chief talent is for dis guises, and who passes his life in a false beard find eyebrows, in the company of thieves nnd murderers, whom it is his business to mako Friends with and then betray. George Distin is a solicitor of long standing, whoso chief practice happens to be ;n tho Old Bailey. He is a most accomplished gentle man and the friend of princes." " He is your friend, Julian, so I ought not for a moment to have doubted that he is n gentleman," answered Dora, sweetly, with her hand resting on her husband's shoulder. Sncli k lovely hand, with long, tapering fingers, and dimples where other people havo knuckles, like a hand in an old Bologneso picture. "Still I wish with all my heart that he wero going to stay at the hotol. I don't want you to be involved in this terrible business. Why should yon concern yourself about it, Jnlian ? \- Nothing yon can do can bo of uso to the poor dead girl. What is It all to you ? What have yon to do with it ?" " My duty," answered Wyllard, firmly. "As a magistrate I am bound to seo that! a terrible crime— if crime it bo— shall not go unpunished in my district. I have no par: ticular aptitude in unravelling mystorios. I therefore send for my old schoolfellow, who has won his reputation among the sinuous ways of crimo." " All, I remember, You and Mr. Distin were together at Marlborough," said Dora, musingly ; " that is enough to make him an in teresting person in my mind." "Yos, wo were companions and rivals, in the Bame form," answorod Julian ; " thcrowero some who thought us two tho sharpest lads ill tho school. In all our studies wo were nock and neck; but in other points the difference be tween us was a Wide one. Distin was tile, son of a rich London solicitor, ail only son, who could draw npon an indulgent father for moans to gratify every whim, who had his clothes made by a fashionable tailor, and could afford to hire a Iinntcr when ever he got the chance of riding one. I was one of many children — tho fonrth son of a Warwickshire parson — so I had to reckon my cash by sixpences, and to wear my clothes till they wero threadbare. Yes, there was an aw ful gulf between Distin nnd mo in those days — the impassableabyss thntyawnsbetween wealth and poverty." " And now yon mnst lie a great deal richer than lie, nnd yon can receive him in this lovely old place." "There will be some pride in that. Yes, Dora, fortune was at home to mowhenlknocked at- her door. I havo been what is called a lucky man." " Aud you are a linppy one, I hope," mur mured his wife, nestling her head in his breast, as lie stood boforc tlie open window looking dreamily out at summer woods. " Ineffably happy, sweet one, in having won yon," lie answered tenderly, kissing tho fair, broad brow. " ¥ou must have been wonderfully clever," said Dora enthusiastically, " beginning with out any capital, and within fivo and twenty years making yourself the head of a great bank ing house. " " I was fortunate in my enterprise when I was a young man, and I lived at a timo when fortunes were made — and lost — rapidly. I may have had a longer head than some of my compeers ; at any rata I was cooler headed than the majority of them, and I kept out of rotten schemes." " Or got out of them before they collapsed," perhaps Mr. Willard might have said, had ho displayed nn exhaustive candor. But in talking of bnsincss matterB to a woman a man is apt to leave something in the back ground. So after a good deal more discursive talk between husband and wife it was agreed that Mr. Distin's visit was not to be regarded as an affliction. A telegram arrived while Mr. nnd Mrs. Wyllard were talking, announcing the : lawyer's arrival by the same train which had carried tho nameless waif to her grave in the valley, llio train arriving at Bodmin-road at a quarter before eight. The dog-cart was . to meet the gnest, aud dinner was to be defer red till nine o'clock for his accommodation. " You can Bend a line to Heathcote and ask him to dine with us to-night," said Wyllard. "I know lie is desperately interested in this business, nnd would like to meet Distin." " And Hilda — you won't mindhavingHilda?' ' "Not in the least. Hilda is an ornament to any gentleman's dining table. But how fond yon havo becomo of Hilda lately." "I "was always fond of her. Do you know there is something that puzzles me very much ?"' "Indeed." " A few months ago I thought Bothwell was in love with Hilda. He seemed devoted to her, nnd was always asking me to have her over here. I was rejoicing at tho idea of the poor fellow getting Buch a sweet girl for his wfe, for I thought Hilda rather liked him, when all at once lie cooled, and appeared ac tually to go out of the way in order to avoid her. Strange, was it not V" "The fickleness of an idle mind, no doubt," answered Wyllard, carelessly. He had not ii3 wife's keen interest in the joys nnd sorrows of other people, ne was said to bo a kind hearted man. He was good to tho poor in a large way, nnd never drew his purse strings against the appeal of misfortnoe. Bnt he could not be worried about the details of other people's lires. lie did not care a Btraw whether Bothwell was or was not in love with Hilda. To his wife on the contrary the question was vital, involving the happiness of two people whom she loved. ," If your cousin does not puthis Blioulder to the wheel before long he will fall into a very bad way," said Wyllard, decisively. " He would be very glad to do it if he only knew what wheel to shoulder," said Bothweil's voice outside, as he sauntered to the window, wafting aside the pale smoke of his cigarette. It seemed to Dora as if her cousin spent lib home life in smoking cigarettes and saunter ing through the gardens, where, on his enor- gotic days, he helped her in her war of exter mination against the green fly. " There is always a wheel to be moved by tbe man who is not afraid of work," said Wyllard. " So I ntn told, but I havo fonnd no snch wheel, as a civilian. Seriously, Julian, I know that I am an idler and a reprobate — that I am taking advantage of your kindness and letting life slip by mo, just beonuse I have the run of my teeth in this fino old place, and bs- I cause yon and Dora are worlds too good to mo. I havo been taking my own character between my teeth and giving it a good shaking within tho iast few days, and I mean to turn over a new leaf. I shall go abroad— to tbe South Seaa." i " What nrc you to do for a living in the ! South Sens. ?" I " Something. Sub-edit a colonial paper — ' keep a grocery store — turn parson and convert the niggor. I shall fall upon my feet, you may be sure. I shall find something-to do beforo I have been out there long. Or if Otahcite won't givo me a roof and a crust, I can cros3 to tho mainland and drive sheep. Something I must do for my broad — into tho new world I must go. The atmosphere of tho old world is ' stilling inc. I feel as if I was living in an or chid house." " No, Bothwell, you are not going to tho other end of tho world," Bold Dora, affoo- tionately. " You ought not to say such things, Julian, making him feel as if ho wore an in. trader, as if ho woro not welcome hore ; my firstcousin; tho only componioaof my youth that remains to mo now mv dear mothor b gone. Surely we who are rich need not grndgo our kinsman a home," "My dearest, you ought to know that I spoko for Bothweil's sake, and from no other motive than my care for his intorcst," answered Julian, gravoly. "A young man without a profession is a young mail on the high road to perdition." "I hollovo you with all my soul," cried Bothwcll, with forcrish energy, " and I shall sail for Otahoito in tho first ship that will carry me. Not booauso I do not love you, Dora, hut becanso I want to bo worthier of your love." Ho lighted a fresh cigarette and sauntered away from tho window, to breathe lalakia over tho John Hoppers aud Viotor Ycrdicre on the wall. Dora's cyos filled with tears. She was angrier with her husband than she bad ever been sinco lior marriage. " It is rory unkind of you to drive Bothwell out of yonr home," sho said, passionately. " You make me regret that I have not a liouso of my own. Yon forgot how fond we have always been of oacli other— that ho Is as dear to me as a brother." " It is because I remember that fact that I am anxious to stimulate Bothwoll to action of some kind," answered hor husband. " Do you think it is good for any young man to load the kind of lifo your cousin leads here ?" "If he wero to marry lis would becomo more indnstrions, I liavo no doubt," said Dora. " Yon might ponsion off old Mr. Gretton, and mako Bothwell yotir land steward." "Which in Bothweil's ease would mean a genteel dependence, uudcr tho disguise of a responsible position. Bothwcll would be seen on every racecourse in tho west country — would play billiards at the George, shoot my gamo, and let somobody else do my work," "Do you moan that my cousin is a dis honorable man ?" asked Dora, indignautly. "No, dear. I moan that lie is a man who lias spoiled one career for himself and will have to work uncommonly hard in order to find another." This was cruol logic to Dora's car. For tho first timo in hor lifo sho thought that her husband was nngcucrous ; and for tho first time in hor life she rcckonod lier own fortune as an clement of power. Hitherto she had allowed her rents to be paid into her husband's bank. Sho had her own cheque boo!:, and drew whatover money she wanted ; but she did not even aslc what ineomo caeli year brought her or what surplus was left at the end of the year. Sho had folt that any such offer would humiliate him. But now she con sidered for the first time that her monoy rauBt have accumulated to a considerable extent in hor husband's bank, and that it was in her power to assist Botha-ell with capital for any enterprise which ho might desire to undertake. If he had 6et his heart upon going to tlio South Soa Islands, he should not start with an empty purse. The train from I'addington came into Bodmin-road station- with laudable punctu ality, and without mischance of any kind, and tho dogcart brought Mr. Distin to I'enmorval beforo haU-pastcight, Dora was in the drawing- room when ho arrived. Sho had dressed oarly in order to bo on tho spot to welcome her husband's frieud, oven albeit lie came to her with a perfume of tho Old Bailey. In spite of Mr. Wyllard's praise of his old school follow Dora hud expected a foxy and unpleasant individual, with craft in overy feature of his face. Sho was agreeably surprised on beholding a good looking man, of refined typo, with aquiline nose, dark oyes, hair and whiskers inclining to grey, slim, well set up, neat without be'ng dapper or priggish— a man who might have boen takon for an artist or an author just as readily as for a lawyer versed in tho dark ways of crime. " My friend Wyllard looks all the bettor for his rural seclusion," said Distin, after lie had been introducod to Dora. " Ho seems to me a yonnger man by ten years than he was when I met him in Paris, just ton years ago. And that means twonty yearn to tbe good, you see." "Is it reolly ten years since you have mot?" exclaimed Dora. " Exactly a decade Our last meeting was a chance encounter in the Palais Itoyal, where we ran against each othor one day at dinner timo— hoth making for Vefonr's, where we dined together and talked over old times. I thought that mv friend looked aged and hag- , gard, nervous and worried, and I put it down I to the ruling disease of our epoch, high pres- | sore. But now I find him regenerated, glori fied by country life. Happy fellow, who can afford to enjoy his olium euro diynitate in the very prime of life." " Yon hear wlint lie says, Dora," said Wyl lard laughingly. "Now I daresay what ho thinks is : 'How can this poor devil endure his existence out of London— two linndrod miles from the clubs— from tho opera house — from the first nights of now plays— the crowd of familiar faces ?' I know my friend Distin of old, and tiiat ho could not go on breathing out of London any more than a fish can live out of water." " I like my little I-onilon," admitted Distia coyly, almost as if he wore talking of a fas cinating woman. " There's so much in it, and it s such a devilish wicked place, to those who really know it. But I think the conntrv a most delightful institution from Saturday to Monday." "Tho cockney stands confessed in that one j remark," said Wyllard laughing. I " That is tho worst of Devonshire and Corn- wall, pursued Distin in big airy way, "Charming scenery— oniinontly picturesque. Bnt too for off to he done from Saturday to Monday. But there is ono ineffable chnrm in those pretty places up the river, and those rus tic villages in Kent." " Pray what is that ?" "Ono is always so delighted to arrive on Saturday afternoon, and so charmed to lonve on Monday morning. The rustic aroma just lasts till Sunday night, and the keen craving for town begins with tile dawn of Monday. But I must go nnd get rid of 200 miles of dust," said Mr. Distin, slipping off as lightly as a boy. 