John Bull and his Island. (Translated from the French.) CHAPTER XIII. John Bull's Cookery — Dinners— A Tea Party — Tea or coffee ? The cookery of John Bull leaves much to be desired. In this country— it was Vol taire who said it — there are fifty different religions, but only one sauce. Do not faucy, however, that John dose not like nice things. When he is iu Paris, can't he ferret out the good corners, that's all ! .But then that is quite another matter. In Paris he has no need to make a parade of goodness, while iu London he is obliged to. In England, ? he goes to church ; in Paris, he goes to Madille. Of course it isperfectly understood thatit is only to look on, and to be able to describe to his wife when he returns home how wicked those dreadful Frenchmen are. In the aristocratic households, and in the principal clubs, French cooks are kept, and thetable is excellent. In au ordinary middle-class family, the Sunday dinner consists of a large joint of about ten pounds weight, and excellent in quality, I must say, for English meat is superior to any. It is accompanied by boiled potatoes and other vegetables. A few families of free-thinking tendencies with regard to matters of routine, com mence the repast with a potagcan poivre : but they are not yet very numerous. This Sundays joint is partaken of cold on Mondays, aud in the form of a pudding on Tuesday, with the same vegetables. Vegetables, as a separate course, nave yet to Be known. Asparagus, young green peas even, are plainly boiled and eaten with the meat, and badly boiled, as a rule ; they have to be crunched rather than eaten. Asparagus with white sauce or in salad, spinach or peas au sucrc, even fried potatoes, that democratic dish, all such things would be considered epi curean. Here Puritanism is carried even as far as to the kitchen. It would seem that man had been placed in this world to deny himself the good things the Creator put in it. In Scotland, things are still worse. Walter Scott relates that, when a child, he one day took the liberty of exclaiming beforehis father: 'Oh! how nice the soup Is ! ' The Puritan parent forthwith ordered a pint df cold water to be added to it. The head of the family says grace before and after the repast. In low church or dissenting families, the father I repeats grace for one or two minutes. He does this to remind you that you are not at table to enjoy yourself, and you soon find out that he is right. Everyone is motionless and silent. If you venture a remark, you receive monosyllabic replies. You are asked if you will take a little more beef, and you reply : No, thank you,' or ' If you please, but only a very small piece.'.' Of these two alternatives you had better choose the first, it is the more proper. If you are asked, as you certainly will be, ' Have you been long in England?' and How do you like it?' be sure and say exactly how long you have been over, and thatyou like England very much. Do not venture into details, that would be a conversation, and nobody would be grateful to you for breaking the solemnsUence. After you have been thus seated at table about an hour, you will be seized with a longing to shriek, or to pinch your neighbour, to ascertain whether he Is alive or only pretending, You had better mind, or you -would notget invited again, whicn you would regret very much. If John dines frugally at home, it is in public that you should see him at table. His appetite and his epicurism are then revealed to an astonishing extent. The public dinner is an eminently English institution. The king of banquets is the one given by the Lord Mayor, on the ninth of No vember, the day of his installation at the Guildhall. All the City companies, all the clubs, and all the societies hold their annual banquets. One of the finest London dinners, the most interesting perhaps, is that given by the Royal Academy of Painting. Politics are excluded, it is the rendezvous of all the arisocracy of Nature in England. Cabinet ministers, eminent members of the House of Lords and of the House of Commoos, conserva tives or liberals, bishops, generals, judges, scientific and literary men, artists, lawers — ever}' great man of the day is to be seen at that table. The Prince of Wales and his brothers never fail to honour this ban quet with their presence. These dinners cost fabulous sums of money — from five to eight pounds a head. The turtle soup, which invariably heads the menu, costs a guinea a quart. The rest to match. At dessert, the loving-cup is passed round, and toasts and speeches begin. The English, who have been used iu the debating societies of the public schools and universities, to speaking in public, excel in after-dinner speeches, which are sometimes perfect little masterpieces of apropos ana humour. First come the patriotic toasts : the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and the other members of the Royai Family ; the army aud navy, the Houses of Parliament, Then comes the toast of the evening, that is to say, that the success of the club or the society is drunk, or the health of the principal guest, if the dinner is given in honour of some hero of the day. Ladies are seldom invited to these banquets. When they are included, however, the assembly breaks up after the toast to the ladies. These dinners last from four to five hours. When you go to a party, the servant, before showing you the drawing-room, conducts you to the dining-room, aud there asks you whether you take tea or coffee. You promptly reply that you take tea. The coffee is generally atro cious, simply because no one knows how to make it, or will not take the trouble of making it properlv. Tea, which is still in France a luxury, costing twelve or fifteen fraucs a pound, is excellent in England for two francs and a half. So the poorest families can indulge in a cup of tea night and morni ng. It is the favourite drink of women, and the cure for all ills. 'Ah! sir,' said au old Norman peasant-woman to me one day, ' my coffee — after the sweet Jesus is my salvation !' Tea plays the same part over here. The tearkettle is, like the pot au-fcu in France, the emblem of domestic virtue. It is when John drinks his tea very hot in tiny sips, nibbling a bit of breadand butter or of toast, that he is really beautiful and edifying. Nearly all the middle-class take tea at five o'clock, aud still make a meal of it. Better still: John sometimes gives what he calls a tea-party, a com pound noun which I would not attempt to translate into French. Then, besides bread-and-butter and toast, the table is laid out with preserves, and black dry cakes, very much like gingerbread in colour aud taste. The old maids are in the seventh heaven. You should see tbem, forcing an angelic smile over tusks an mcli long, with their eyes castchastely cast down, and their hands folded on the edge of the table, waiting for the lady of the house to ask them if they take milk and sugar, or if their tea is sweet enough. ' Is your tea as you like it?' 'Oh! very nice, thank you.' The body remains motionless, bolt upright, the head alone turns slightly. 'Will you not take a little cake?' 'No, thank you, only a tiny piece of bread-and-butter . ' ' At dinner, if conversation flags at every moment, beef and pale ale are there to keep you alive at any rate, but with these slops and slices, you have not even strength enough to enliven it. You give up the idea at the outset, aud it dies in agonies. Shelley has described these M . teas Where small talk dies In agonies.' It is appalling. ' . . A party in a parlour, Some Kipping tea, But as? you by their faccs see, All silent, and all ? — damuod.' We must, however, do justice to English hospitality. You will never be invited to a party, be it ever so modest, without being asked to sit down to a good supper. When somebody proposed to us young men in Paris, to take us to a ball, we never failed to inquire before hand whether there was a supper to be expected.- Needless to ask such a ques tion in England : cola va sans dire . In France, to this very day, and in very good houses indeed, the mistress of the house will ask you, about one o'clock in the morning, whether you would like to take a cup of chocolate ! No, we shall never be serious like the English. Woman's Sphere — Tbcrc are cw aioa now bo beDightcd an to believe that woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : ' To Buckle fcofc and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none Ihe worse for knowiDg bow to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick U Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Bnkinpr Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' Wilh the former article tbe most palatable bread, cakes, ard pastry can be produced speedily, and witb marvellously little trouble; whilst, with tbe latter, ehe is independent of tbe domestic hen, and can make tbe most -?eliciooc custards, blanc-manges, Ax., othalf,tk-? asaa; time. Small Capitalists wisuing tr Establish a Business should see if there An opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tbeir district, AU informal ion and receipts for the purpose i' making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c.;, is given previous knowledge is not necessary. Tbe aemand for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that theoutlay for tbe machinery in all cases leads to a profi able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can he hhw at tbe office of tbie paper on naymentof Is. — Babnett and Fosteb. Engi neers 230, Foreton street. London, N. Ghosts. — An atteirpt is toeing made in tie old cocntry io revive the belief in visitant from another world, nod zrany arc tbe wonders ful stories that fill some of tbejoornals. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do 1 know tbat yon are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all tbe ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, tbat people co not adopt the sorest spell against ghosts by using Borwick'e Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most admiioble fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good bonsewise bays it. A CabD.— To all who arepuffeting from the errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weak ness, early decay, loss of maubood, &e;, 1 will eend a recipe that will cure yon, free of charge. This great remedy was discovered by a mission ary in South America, Send a self -addressed rovelups and sixpence to prepay postage to the Rev Joseph T, Inman, Station D,, New York Oi ty, U.S.A. 