« ' 'AN EZTRaORDxNaRY 'STbliT. I The " Coriiishm«u" has received from n corre- ' bpor.dent a namtivc of-a murder alleged to have been comraitud in the locality , tue narrator pro- \- fe»sing to ,havarremjned eileninuder a,fearfal > o»th imposed. an him At the lime of the perpetra- tion ol tba deed some bu years since. Toe writer, . who signs bimtell " 0. H. 0.." and writes from Fenzance, declares himself willing to indicate the i spot.wlure the bodyot the, murdered man was : huried.J The story isis follows 'j— ' " As I remember but too well, spite of tho long-, interval of CO y- ars which an cffjrt of the miori "" o- ntracts to a single day, it was on Monday, 15th" of September, 183f, tbat on my first visit to Pen- z«Dcr I was staying at the same hotel as the one ! In wfaich'l am now writing this awfal bat strictly ; trne zeedaht. A jrien/oh ruine, whom I had : known ia .London, was at -that - 1 ime living at St. i Jnst, as ho and his ancestors had all their days.: f bo fsitbtnll prpmid'tb payjiia a visit if I ever took tho then tedious coach journey into Corn wall. Belore I; epuumepnee, I most inform you that I was a total' abstainer before that term was so widely known as' now. To teetotalism I ttri- . bote my length of'dsyaacd clear mind. In 1834, as now, no alchohoi disturbed my brain. My ' story is not an HluriuB-infltlcnctd by strong drink. , , Lot me also premise that I was then tbe junior in F ,. 8'flfmrof ,wblch :17am! now. tho heivi,' '. .Qaeo- tioni connected with tbe tin trade had arisen, more particularly, in . «onq?ctfon with my firm's fast developing Dullness with the United States. In 1834, st well a my mrmory .sepves me, all in- Sots — 'blocks' I found thcy oillod them at the bysndoor Smelting 1 liouse — biro, pigs, or plated . of tin or tinfoi) were admitted by' the Americans fieeof dofy onall aknofsotaret ofitin, or of which tin w»» a component material Onr 'cute' Yunkee cousins got out of us, ai thay do in effect now, 25 per oent. My firm had reitlod.lV'th tbe American Cnstomi offidala as to' the definition of the term of which tin is a component material, and if we conld make" a certain' irraagtment with tbe smel- ten. it, was, thought that ..wo. ,might do our New York patrons', of - tin. abd oonelvss ' £ fteoa lHn- ! Luf such aa arrange ntnt required w InleHiew, .S, 1c I and I was entrusted V'th l"fl rather dcticats < negotiation. Oo . thfi..fi?ening of Salnrday, Sep tember 18, 1 left tbe Ball and Month, Loudon, and ! after traveling over Bsgehot-heath ,to Salisbury, ' 84 mllM,- widen was reached at daybreak, I got' to Exeter between 4 and C in tbe afternoon of Son- \- day, and after a brief rest coached It on to Pen zance, which I first saw about 11 on tbe Monday morning, 300 miles in 36 hours, "After awash and refreshment I saw the res- I pected heads of tbe Aim I bad to treat with. My business with them wis soon settled to oiir mutual : satlsfnction.'.Vf hot might have occupied days did not ! consume many minntos. Afteralook at the smelting ; process and inn ..town,, quay, and seaside green, torn p ted by a lovely night, I waa off on toot to i wake up my friend, Tha night waa one of Uhe : moat beautiful of lovely autumn nights, Tbe stars j were ih<nig like diamonds in the sky. Scarcely a breath of air was 1 felt' tin til I had risen to the 1 high ground beyond Tom Trevail's shop. There ' were a smithery.'and houM8th»ro thon, butno turn- ' pike' gate. ' All the wide stretch oMand by Beggar tbe Boys was scarcely fanned by tbe gentle breeze, A twinkling light hore.and there in some lone farm house was tho only right, tbe chance and . distant bark of a watchful dog, or the nearer low from the grazing herd, the only sonod.tb prove that I was not in an uninhabited tract of oonntry. At "New bridge, the public-bouse was closed, ,and most' of the housts were Ln.derknens. Beyond, again, every thing was aa quiot aa if nxtnre soundly tlept. " J bad aooomplisbed a little farther distance and was1 now en joying the walk and the boauty of the night, and thinking' of tho' friend whose rest I should soon be disturbing when I waa met by two men who accosted me with tbe customary Cornish greeting, ' Good-night,, ' wl4ch, I.boartily returned. After I had passed tbcnra fewt-yardo my quick ear heard one sny, .' l think that, b him,' an d the otbor. answer, ' No, I'm sore it's not' On . haarieg thoae wotds l looked bask, when I saw them torn and oome towards me, I also turned and faced these. I bad then, I have now, speak ing generally, an entire trust in the Cornish char acter for honesty .and .kindneaa to strangers. The' thought flashed npon me that thay ooald tell mt of my Bt. Jest frinad, and 'with this ' upper most in my mind I / approached Ubsm trust fully. They enme ! .'quite oIom, end after! Mntinising me a minute, one said, 'All right, muter. We took yen to be another periion Good-night again.' -I taraed onoa more and pro ceeded on my jonmey, I kad reaohvd about ths . place whm the chapel nnw stands, on the left, when I met nnettter msn, who appeared of a mora Teapooteble ophara in llfe tban the two I had pre viously spukmi to. , He was a host my ewn height, 6 fast 0 inchen, grey wblritsrs, blaok cast and vest, and light tro oners. He else not seted me with ' Good night whnn l ratemed," "A very >" euriona ierding now -came: over me, a kind of Wamer, as if aomathiug 'terrible waa about to happen. T tww-ttet this in 'laughed at -.by ' thoaa who do not believe In prweatlment, or ifho have never txnvelnd t strange rood nt night. -Tn this sudden raotlM nnnended ealmerthoaght, and 1 theo in n moment it ttrnok me tbat tho two men 1 I first mot were nn tfae leak out for the gentleman, who at 11 rat tigb| teked not nnlikn mynlf, and tbnt -for po ,gooa" purpone. I hailed him,, Bach tnrnnd/l'.ud .'.'inet,1 and I told him- of my tospieioM i : '-'but be L nsturad me laugh ingly tbnt my doubte worn wholly unfounded. Ho informed me that he wee the . captain ot a mine in the, dlntriot, and ha did not think ha had the ill- will of anyone m it. . ' Miners,' he aeid, ' ware often moving nboat.' We conversed for a short tims, . bnt long enocgh for him to. tell me that my friend was weu and ha believed at home. His voioe was cheery, his manner heartily blunt. We took too- well of aaoh other for tho first and lost time, " I again went 00 my journey, but only a couple of hundred yards, when' the game nervous tremor seized mo, and my legs became as weak aa if they were paralyzed.' . I felt that I could get no farther. Eaoh limb shook, and perspiration oozed from every pore. I could not collect my tboogbta go as to pull myself together, and influence tho body..tnrongh the mind. Perhaps 1 ought toexplaia that I bad been subject occasion ally to something, of this sudden weakness before, but never hntil after a severe montal shook ,'onT finding a relative dead in bed. I fell in the middle of tho road, evtn ae'I did so blaming my own weakness. Bat I thought it bettor not to stay there', eo dragged myself on bands and knees across the dusty rotd. I scrambled up a small bank' or mound, and formdmyself on a common which appeared to. be many acres in extent. With a littia more exartion I managed to pull myself (in, 1 so as to bt 40 or 50 yards from the road, A word or two as to- my exact position. 1 was on ibe right band side of the road from l'enzanoe to 'St. Just. 1 had tremblingly, .and with an occasional tfloit to rise, dragged, myself over now a level bit of sward, then a Blighi depression, to a heather- covertd strjp between two olumps of furze. | 1 threw nQrself at length " on this natural and welcome couch, and eioied my eyes. The coolness and rest brought calm to tho brain, and restated ftnvviA ftrmnnM tn thn - limha. T hart lain thna absnt fivfe minutes. Each momont the cool dew- laden air reinvigoratod mo ; I felt refreshed, nd' opened my ayes. "The moon, 1 ought to have said, was within two, dnyB ot full It bad risen aj 6, had shed its glorious light on the late harvesters, and w«p now seating. As this would take plhoo about a' quarter after 2, the light was waaiug, fiat it was yet strong and lit up fresh earth thrownjup just the .other ride, of tha cluster of furze nearest Bt. JusfcT.,!', Ifty, "!' right' (Ids. There wsp a slight rift 'in the furze, and ;thc moon lit up ijhis' newly-mnde mound, iwhlob was now clearly Ken-,' indeed, lifertiliylBtered 'me' in the faoo. A new dread opdanothgi; tremor pame oyer me. F very thing wiiu still frfa grave,' whfeinVgun or piridl shot rang through the air,-' quickly succeed ed- by' a second. .Onoa more the temor, tbe profuse per'piratipn, .jl crqqohed clos-r to" the heather find" waited " but a Short time.'for loon I heard the .tramp of feet and the sound of voices coming my way. Nearer and nearer they ..came across much jtho, samq .groupd as . I hud wearily phllod mysslf over only r 'efiort time be fore, only they had entered on the croft nearer New Bridge tnsn 1 had, " Yes, over tbo oommin they werpr coming— two mep bearjog s.burdon. Once !' more a' thrill of bb'rrbr ran thfough''me;"1for Isiwi , by bending: the head forward; ontbe heather wittt. ! out raiting it the aame two men I first met, carry, ing the liieleaatxiiiy. of J the third man— the cap tain, On they pame towards the newly-m«de grTei aimititbfibhihg "myfeit a«y the moved past. Then they, turnod to-tby. right. threw tbe body Into the tt'v4ith' a thdd thht"made every fibre of my body vibrate, " The corpse iff the" grave, the two men begao to fill it up, --Doing that disclosed me,. They hid ' nol'lowf rod the mound "many ipbheB. when one of thorn discovered me, ' Thoy ' pounced upon me, and demanded what I was doing there, I ex plained, but all to no purpose, 'Tho same pit will do foi hiui.' ' Yes, »h x>t him.' ' No ; cat hi) | throat.' ' Htop ; I'll load my pistol again, ' Don't leave any marks ot bloo-J about.' ' Posh him iu tbe pit fust, and cot his throat aftcrwardi.' Toes were the horrible threite, accompanied by frighl- fol impr, cations, which greeted me. 8>idoneof j . U e men to me at lait. ' Wa have decided to bury j yon alive. Slip oil your clothes. It's hrdly wrojrifa while-bury ing that good, suit olyoatt. -Iv wlt do jot, one of uf,' I, pleaded my youth, my accidental \and unpremeditated pressnce, my wifeSWd only':child. Tail, at last, seemed to' tonctf&thc; hearts ot thfe bruics;.'! 'Well.' «id one ' we. will spbrc yooV" 'life 6o'"conattilfa th a you swear, a» you hop for Heaven and tbe sa va- tion of yonr wife, child, aod friends— you eh ill swear it, too, on the point of ibis. knife and the mozzle ofithii pistol— that what' you -have aem this night yoa will never speak of? or divalge to aoy human btfng for a kpace offitty years from" this day, when ws shall ai) be at tbia,' at tbe same time kicking into the grave., a clod of light- eulturtd clayey toll. Need -I eiy that I was only too ready to promise. I did swear most soiocunly. T bought my life on tbat lonely heath ;of West I'enwiih — 'coward like, 'some will siy: — 'uo»vpid«- bly,' I thought (hen, 1 have kept my prumivr. It is ajittle over fifty jresrs ago, I was then 26 years "of age; so you tee I am "an old ".man now. Thou .meg were middle- aged,. from 45'to GO, atthit time,-' No doubt they dtad long since. "Wbon 1 reached my friend's hun! st It. Just and knocked him up, be rallied ms on my ghost like. appearance.. Not even hie corriri rcejption, his hospitality, the kindliness of ibis Corni'h wife and. thrir firming' friends at ennen, the exoor- si on s to the grand cliff and interesting mine, the jokes, the htaciog air, the well-spread board, could restore my spirit', 0 give reatwod bodily tone. The time catno for leaving. My friead.'a hoTse awaited me; he, bad a borrowed one! The mail coach for London wgs g»v» n 'H'noon of Monday, Sept. 22. I badye? baaloees in Pvnz«nce, wrc 'and broakfasted b;fore daybreak ; ,„. f " we "approached the fatal, the- hideous , it was good that my . rieud joked and laughed.; Bnt now, having gaze-i at silent me, he suddenly exclaimed, Why, George, yoo look as cared as if you bad seen a ghost.' No ghost was before me. but again I saw with tbe mind's.ove as vividly as I had beheld it actoally, the mound, tha human borden, the savage eyes of the murderers. By a vigorous, mental effoit 1 recovered myself and raid something shoot liability to spasm of the heart. A beautiful sea breeze was blowing over tbe Atlantic from tbo west, Wa had roachid. tbat part of . tbe road whtra 1 met tbe Captain, then1 be»lthy aad jolly, now cold and eilcnt in his rod gravo. All at once I reined op my hone, turned him round, and said, 1 In another forty hoars, Stephen, I shall have changed tbia healthful breeze for the morky air of Lonoon, Let ns ride bask a soapls of hundred yards, and have ono more lungful of this glorious air.1 He laughad merrily, We turned aod rone back, " Daylight only ccnflrmod the too vivid montal Impress ot the moonlight of the 15tb. I could trace my cvrry movtment— tha spot where the presentiment nansrved me, the break in the low earth-hedge where I had crawloi to tho croft, my scrambling devious coarse on hands and knees, and,, from the elevation of the hone's back, ibe very clumps of minglod furze and heather cloaa to which I knew must be tb veil- lale monad, oniem the murdertrs bad turfed it over, of the still , corpse uf tbe once strong and cheerful captain, 1 dared not ask if any one was missing. I had not heatd tbat any well-kaown mine agent was missed, For yarns I received in town a Truro paper and carefully read it ; bnt I saw nothing of a lost man or of luipleioui air- enmstabces away in the distant Land's End dis trict. " I said 1 Good-bye' to my St. Just friend ont- ride the hotel from which I now write you. I bave never laen him s nee, tbongh we have often communicated. Ho is dead, and bis desosndanta of several generations are touad ia his stood. 1 too bave my grandchildren and great-grandchil dren. "Tbe gloom of the sveaiag had settled down oa our ooach ere w left Truro. Wa reached Exeter "at lOnext morning, where breakfast awaited ns, "but I had nb appetite, At 7 an Wednesday morn ing our eoacb was at tbo Bull and Mouth, and in -another hour I was at -horn. My wife waa shocked at- the wear and tear of the long ooach ' ride, 'as she put it." I, nervous and dispirited, beset with anxietiec as to the oath, and whether it ought to be kept, was soon absorbed in' business. It was only at timca, especially in tbe wakeful minutes i of th night, . that 1 saw again the dieakfal soene by, the fit Jatt roadside, Uom- marca, family affair,' even my basinets tnoeosMa, gradually weakened the bad impression and restored me to a vigour whiah has brought me to a hale old age, 1684 and the month et September were always looked forward to by me. I had oob.; been in Cornwall for half a oeatory. Towards oon of Batmrday, September 14, 1 took tbe express from Paddlngton, reaching Penxaaooatfi tbe same evening. Woat aoootrast betweea that journey .sod mint, in 1834, whloh testedriram 8 in the even- 1 ing to.ll on tbe morning of the seooad day. After ; a quiet Sunday marniaglo Paazanoa I carried ont my resolve to proceed on foot, a gad as I am, over the ground, and to the spot with whiob I am thus ao mysteriously eonaocted. What thoughts pasted through" "my 'mind 'as I traversed once more the road--in the -main tba game aad alike, yst ku many featurea altered. Beyond New Bridge, with the exception of a few additiooal build ings and some levelling of tba bill, the track was /much the same aa Tn 1834. It waa not my yean, It must have bean tba vivid "remembrance of the events of half a century ago that set my heart beating, my knees trembling,- and re produced much of tbe horrible tremor of long past days, as I approached the fatal spot. The road seemed entirely- unaltered.. I sol emnly believe that I crept - through the very gap in the low edge .of earth which (till imperfectly protect tbe croft, that 1 stood be tween the self-same cluBtcr of forze which formed my bed — vt-ry nearly my bed of death— and peep hole as the murderers hid ( the result of their ac cursed crims, and tbat I knelt ou the undisturbed grave' where their victim's' bones are now mere dpet. After half a century I knelt again', not to implore meroy of man,1 as 1 did then, but of God, lest unwittiogly I had sinned in keeping an ex torted pledge, aod to save myself from harm had reluctantly shielded heinous crlminsis. 1 knelt, too, to thank God for bavlag spared my life and blest me with abundance in gold, ia loving relatives, in health, and I knelt, -praying that in the time so soon to come, on the day which caonot .be far off .when this mystery shall be unravetled, I - m'ay. find . two traly repentant sianers side by ride with the man they so grievously wronged, and may myself partake of the mercy vouchsafed to them. HumbWd, but comforted, I paBsod ontoSt.Jost, and bad to pause for a white at tbe grave' of my honoured friond, . That even ing I drove back to Peozanoe, and have since been daily amungtf you. "My tale, eaeh word of which is true, is told. One thing only reqoires mentioning. I -have talked with aged wayside la boar rs betweeo Penzance and St. Just. I have' saught out tha oldest miners I can find in the hotel bars "of the two towns, at the harbonr of the oae and in the farmsteads of tbs other. I h»ve asked a hundred times, indirectly at first, for the past week more directly,, whether any mine captain, sob-agent, or, indeed, any one was missed in tbe autnmn of 1834\. I find no olue, no trace, no tradition. Equally at fault am I in discovering any rumour .of.deajh-bod , confessions. . Here is tbe mystery. "'My words cah-l>e confirmed: sven now, by a otrelol "search' of the'"greve,; and if the"-mouldering bones there would give a olue, and tbat oim would do any service to long-deferred jostioe, my unsealed llpB fronld Indicate, aye, my aged limbs led to the very spot, , As a last resource I write my rad experience, ;to see if tbat evokes aught. If not, the mystery of- hall a oentury since will never ba made clear on thla earth;", 