Broadwater. . (FROM OÜR CORRESPONDENT.) I HAVE to'record one of the most gratifying events that Broadw ater lias yet witnessed in the opening of a Reading Room, for the employees 'of - the Colonial Sugar Company. When we have yet amongst us employers of labor, who.speak of the value nf Public Houses as keeping down the independence of the working men, surely honor and gratitude are due to tho managers of this great company, for pro viding for the intellectual well-doing of their serrants, lt shows that, at least on this branch oftheir vast rule, :they expect more fidelity ffôin~intèlligënt sôbèr'men, than from ignorant' or drunken serfs. May their success be a .stimulus to all who have .tho moans to remove the great social incubus. The lull is not costly but neat- and commodious, well illuminated ' with gas. '' Yes, mark'that it is the first gas lit hall on-the. Richmond, and tho.Good Templars aro to have tho UBO of the hall for lodge meet ings.,.. It was arranged by the officers and mon of tho works, with tho assistance of af ow neigh bors,, to give a concert and ball, in aid nf funds for alibrary, which was held on the 4th instant, and I am glad ta say was socially and financially a complote success. ' There' being quito 100 persons presont,-inoluding over 40 ladies. As I was! educatod'in dark ages ot Australia, when we had only the melodies of Nature, readers will pardon my inability to do justice to the concert. But nigger minstrelsy had a glorious revival' in tho maturely comical bones (Mr. Pearce), whose talent in this lino is well known, and aided by tho genuine wit.-'and morry coun tenances of Messrs. Kischor and Sinclair (as Tambo and Johnson), would " keep the austere looking Messrs. Stuart and Furnell laughing, through a critical division on their Land Bill, Bonos' song fairly brought tho house down. To praise Mr. H. Taylor's music would be superfluous, as his excellence is well known in many pai-ts of the colony ; but the playing of Miss Campbell (aged 12), on tho piano when accompanying Messrs. vando Velde and Gil ruth's, singing was remarkable for its correct ness of time and brilliancy' bf, touch.: Tho following was the programme, which, was got through with good effect,-Overture-" War Gallop." Opening chorus-''Dinah's Wod ding."i . Song-"Far Away," Mr. v J; fO'Con nor. Dialogue-Johnson and Bones.» - ' Song-' " Kiss' me quick and go," Tambo. Dialogue Johnson nnd Tambo,. Song-" Bell Uran don," P. Johnson. Dialogue-Johnson. and. Bonos.' Song-4-" Ella Leena,."' Mr.L Cormack.." Conun drums-Tambo and Bonos. Song-" Brani gan's Band," Bones. Dialogue-Johnson, '5'ambb," and Bones. Song-"Under tho .Willow'," Mr. Sinclair. Conundrum-Johnson land Bonos.; "Song-" Minnie Lee,"-Mr. Morris. 'Dialoguo - Johnson, Tambo, and Bones. Song S " Where aro my Schoolmates," Mr, Taylor. Dialogue ¡-The > ghost : "story," Johnson, ¡Tambo, and .¿Bonos.-' -Second - Part :iSong ;" Robin Adair," M'ssG. Munro. Duet-Danish, ¡Mesara. Larson, and Frisch.; 'Song-"Don't forgot mo darling," Miss Mellon. Violin and piano-Maid'of jtthens," Miss "Campbell mid Mr. Vaudo ^bldo-encored, and played - . " Never More." Duet-" The Cousins," the ?Missos Pert. Song-" Noppolitian "' Mr. Cro maok. oDnet -"Whispering Hope," MÍSSBB ÍMunró.'; Songer!'..Wliite Squall," Mr. Gilruth, .who Has a well ':,, bultiviitod barítono voice. Duet--'.* Danish ?", Messrs. L-irson and Frisch. Song-r" Hunting Lower," Miss G. Munro and ;Mr. Sinclair. ;. ' Duet-". Money Matters," Miss jMellon/and Mr. Cromack. Song-" Tricks of tho Trade," Mr. Curter. Song-" Rhine Wine,"' Mr. Gilruth. fTh'o Ball was kept .-'up till 5 a.m.' .with, ¿effect hartuony'and order. 