A GHOST STORY. One night Doctor Bayle was whiling away a few hours with some villagers of Vernet, in the south of France and in the course of conversation the subject of spirits was intro duced and each one had something marvel lous to tell. The doctor began to laugh at the wonderful stories that were told, and said that such things proceeded from prejudiceand excited imagination. "Do you mean to say," replied an old woman, who was spinning in a corner of the kitchen " that you would not be afraid to enter the church by yourself, and walk there alone without a light 7" " Yes, my good woman," replied the doctor I would go and walk the church without being the least alarmed. This very instant I will enter it, and lest you disbelieve me, I will bring back from church something be longing it, and just tell me what you. v.ish that should be 4" " Here is the key of the church," said the sexton who was present, " and," added in a half shy, half artless manner, "when you have opened the door go up straight to the principal altar and behind it, in a crevice, you will find a death's head-a death's head, they say never frightens a doc.tor-and if you bring it back from the church it is a sure sign that you have been there." "The death's head I will certainly bring back," replied the doctor, and arising at once fromhischairhe proceeded to the church. Having entered it lie found no difficulty in making out the crevice alluded to. He inserted his hands into the opening, drew forth the skull, and laid hold of it with both hands; and no sooner had he done so than, he thought he heard a sad and mournful cry, but attributed it to a grating sound made by the bone coming into contact with a stone When he gained the church door, another cry, more distinct and mournful than the first was again heard by him. " It must be the screech of an owl, said the doctor to himself, and he moved on. In order to close the gate, on leaving the church, he laid the skull on the floor, and when he had turned the key in the keyhole he stooped down to pick it up. Scarcely had he done so when he heard the same cry as before. He was not a little suprised at the circum stances, ' but,' said he, 'it can not surely pro ceed from this lifeless head ! but from what does it proceed ? Scarcely had he tsked himself the question when two sounds we're heard at once and the same time; and now, no doubt could any longer exist that these cries proceeded from the death's head. ' But again,' said he, ' it is impossible that the sounds can be emitted without the organs of voice, and in a skull there are surely no organs capable of articulating a single sound.' But all his philosopphy again gave away, I for the same mournful cries were now re peated in quick succession, and every doubt of their preceeding from the skull was at this time at an end. The doctor became alarmed, perspiration burst from his fore Shead, and trickled down his cheeks, his \- limbs tottered and he appearad as if fixed to the ground and unable to move a step. At last he appears at the door of the cottage ;the door is opened and the vil lagers are there awaiting him. He enters; E and oh such a look ! All those assembled in t the'kitchen start to their feet at once, so pale was his look, and such signs of alarm did his countenance present. When he arrived in the centre of the room he laid the \- death'sheadonthe floor, that very moment two s cries are heard, and the doctor falls off in a Sfaint, All those around run away shrieking with \- alarm;,the old sextovas._tbe_. ,only person who remained behind. He went over to the Sdoctor and soon succeeded in recovering him from his swoon. His first exclamation on B getting up was : "The head" h " Here it is, sir," waS the reply. f "Have you heard the noise I" " Certainly." "What ' has it then proceeded from the r skil:?1" whispered the doctor in tones of e alarm. i Verjr likely, as there may be a batsnest \- in it, as there has been every season for t many years past," replied the old .sexton. 'Doctor Bayle himself .called back the aff righted villagers, took the skull be veen his Shands, and inserting his fingers inth a small Sopening at the back of the skull, d ew forth Ssome pieces of tow linen. It was nest of a r pair of young bats, who at once made their I appearance, but, being too weak to ply, fell on r the ground clapping their little wings. 'See the spirit!" exclaimed Dr. Biyle, 'now \- look at it. Yet even I myself was or a short Stime shamefully alarmed."-The LP lalmily. 