HALVES. BY TAMES PAYN, Vntbor of ' Lost Sir Massingbefd,' ' A Per fect Treasure,' ' At her Mercy,' &c.; &c;\ ? ♦ ? \- CHAPTER XIL— a change of TREATMENT. ' It is like yourself, Mr. Hastings, to take so warm ad interest in your old friend,' answered she slowly ; ' but you must remember that he is Mark's own brother, and that mv husband is not one to neglect his own flesh and blood.1 ....,, 'Indeed, indeed; Sirs. Raeburn, you mis take me,' replied die rector. ' I am quite aware of Mark's kindness of heart, aiid can easily imagine that' Alec himself is die chief obstacle to the proposition I would suggest ; but his objection to have medical advice should be overborne. It is for die very reason that he is so near of kin to you that I speak ; since, if anything were to happen to him, and Mark were greatly benefited by it — and ordinary precautions had been neglected — Don't you see, my good woman ?' explained my uncle, Calling into his parochial style. ' Dear me, I never thought of that*' said Mrs. Raebum, with innocent surprise. 'Of course not ; your conscienee would have nothing to reproach itself with, doubt less. I only |wish to put you on your guard, that you should not give die world an op portunity of being censorious.' ' You are most kind,' answered Mr. Raebum. ' I will speak to my brother-in-law at once. Good morning.' '.Now, upon my word,' said my uncle, as I dutifully accompanied him to die town where he' had left his horse, ' that woman is not so black as she is painted. Some people would have -flown out in a rage, when I suggested that, if Alec died, folks would say she had killed her brother-in-law to get his inoney.' *I don't think you did quite say that, uncle.' 'No ; but she knew what I meant well enough. She's as sharp as a razor, and very reasonable too, that I must allow. When one comes to know people, and when anything of importance causes them to speak out to you, I have always found that there is some good in everybody. It did not become me to dispute the dictum of so experienced an ecclesiastic : and as to die particular case of my hostess, perhaps my six months' acquaintance with her had been in sufficient to develop her merits, so I said no thing on dial point. My curiosity, on die other hand, was considerable as to whether the invalid had in any way made a confidant of die rector. * And do you really diink Mr. Alexander's indisposition serious, uncle ?' * Well, yes, I do. He not only looks ill, but is utterly hipped. If one could see inside of him, I expect you would find his liver about three times its proper size, or else gone alto gether. If your aunt saw him she would sav * diose Raeburas were poisoning him.' ' ' Did he say that he was not comfortable at thePaiory?' * Oh dear no ! Indeed, our talk was almost exclusively of old times; his only complaint was, that he was afraid be was about to lose his parrot. I suppose it has got die pip or something, though it looked to me well enough.' ' He didn't tell you about Mrs. Raebunrs sending away his dog ?' ' Not a word. Why, the brute was in his room, large as life and larger.' ' Yes the butcher, to whom it was sent as a present, sent it back again. It frightened peo ple-from die shop, be said, and eat half a sheep or so a day.' . * I don't wonder,' laughed iuy uncle. ' It was like giving a man a white elephant Ifc must be expensive as well as inconvenient to keep poor Alec's menagerie ; but his relatives will be well paid for it some day, and I am afraid only too soon.' Dissimulation was an art unknown to my uncle, and I felt certain that he was concealing nothing from me ; it was clear, therefore, that die invalid had kept his griefs locked up in his own bosom. CHAPTER XIII.— the accusation. Although as I have spoken of brother Alec as an invalid, he was not such in the ordinary acceptation of the term ; for, although be denied himself to guests, he came down to every meal, and was treated in every respect as usual by his hostess, which, I am sorry to say, was with no respect at all. It was not to be expected that much fuss should be made about a ' poor relation,' who felt a litde out of sorts, but it seemed shameful that her tongue should be so rancorous against die poor old gentleman, in his present depressed and feeble state, as though he had been in good health. 'So, Mr. Alexunder,' observed Mrs. Rae bum at desert that evening, and ' immediately after die servant had withdrawn, ' you have been telling pretty tales to Mr. H&stings;, I hear.** 1^ \|l This was evidently a feeler ; so^|e stfsfeaon probably still lingering in her mj^id thafe|he rector might have learnt more than he chose to tell. 'Tales, madam? I had no tales to tell,' answered poor brother Alec, in tones that, for all my pity for him, reminded me of the needy knife-grinder in Canning's ballad. ' Oh, 'indeed,' was the snappish reply ; ' then I suppose Mr. Hastings invented them. Yon want to see die doctor, it seems, and make complaints that your wish has not been anticipated.1 * Indeed, madam, there is some mistake. I never expressed any such wish to Mr. Hast ings. No doctor would do me any good ; no, no.' The pathos of his words, which pierced every heart but one, only added fuel, I could see, to Mrs. Rneburn's fire ; but be went on, unconscious of that, with his humble apology. ' 'There is nothing die matter with me, Has tings,' I said. ' I am not ill.' * You look ill then,' exclaimed his hostess with acerbity,, * and that is very unpleasant. ' Why doesn't he cut of that dreadful beard,' said Mr. Hastings, ' which makes our friend look so ghastly.' I wish you would, Mr. Alex ander; I have always said I disliked it.' Cruel and insolent as were her words, die voice and manner with which she spoke them were even still more harsh. A faint flush crept over die old man's white face, as he cast — it war very rarely that he did so now — a mute appealing glance at his brother. Mark shuffled in his chair uneasily. ' Matilda, I think you are going too far,' he said in meddling with my brother Alec It cannot make any difference to you whether he wears a beard or not. He is not your husband — eh Alec ?* (here the attorney gave a ghost of a laugh.) He is old enough, my dear, to choose for himself, whether he shall shave or not, I suppose.' ' I only echoed Mr. Hastings s very reason able remark,9 replied Mrs. Raebum, more mildly ; not influenced probably so much by herhusband's appeal, as moved for die moment by die displeasure evident in Gertrude's lace, and die disgust (I hope) expressed by my own. ' A beard, as I always said, does not become Mr. Alexander ; and in every case it is an out landish and unnecessary appendage. People of position can, of course, be as eccentric in then appearance as they please; but that is certainly not your brother's case. I have heard you say, myself, that it is abs-urd in the chemist's assistants to wear moustados. I mean nothing offensive, but I object to it on principle, as incongruous and unseemly* Of course Mr. Alexander will do as he likes, bat I have expressed my sentiment*.* Here/Gertrude cose from her chair in indig uuir {xotest ~ It was her intention to have *jlkip&*5tixtf5wtiixu- of the loom* in sign mip^ she would be no longer witness to her cousin's humiliation ; but Mrs. Raeburn, affecting to misunderstand her, and to have herself given signal for retreat, rose with her, and they quilted ihe apartment together. * Mark,' said brother Alec, ' you have heard what your wife has said to me ; what am I to do? His voice, though gentle, was very steady ; more so than it ever had been since the change had occurred in his position in the house. The attorney helped himself to a whole glass of brandy — he made no stranger of his brother now in that respect — and then an swered,- ' I should please myself Alec. You heard what I said to Matilda. I would say as much again, and more. It is I who have pre vented her from sending away your parrot. I had a great fight for that, and she is at me about it almost every night.' ' Do not rnrke your life unhappy on niv account, Mark,' was the quiet rejoinder. ' You mean well but you arc not strong enough to help me. How can I expect it, when you cannot even help yourself.' ' I don't know what you mean, Alec,' re plied the attorney, with an angry flush. 'I am master in my own house, I hope. But, of course diere are some diings in which one's wife will have her wa3r ; at least, that is so in England, however matters are managed in Peru/' ' I see,' said the other coldly. ' You say ' you see,' my dear Alec,' laughed the attorney, on whom the liquor had begun to take an effect, ' as if seeing was not believing ; but it was not so ? Did you find 3'our Peruvian wife rather inclined to take the bit in her mouth, eh, like Matilda ?' ' My wife is dead, Mark. When alive, she was quite a different person from my sislerin Iaw.' ' Wei?, you see, you don't hit it off, you two ; and it's a sad pity. Matilda is naturally masterful, and you having no piofession always at home with her, and liable to her little on slaughts. 'It's a good thing for a married man to have a calling, if it's only that it gives him a ? loop hole through which he can make himself scarce occasionally. I could defend you well enough — I've proved it to-night — if I could be always by, Alec ; but I have no doubt she worries you when I am away. As for your beard, I sa\' again she has no business to dictate such a thing ; but if I were in your place, and loved peace and quietness, I'd cut it off. Then, perhaps, she will be pacified, and not pitch into me again for a night or two about the bird.' The openness with which the attorney was accustomed to discuss his domestic affairs, es pecially when he had been taking his favourite liquor, had long ceased to astonish me ; but I had never heard him confess his wife's suprem acy so plainly as on this occasion. If he had dius nerved himself to acquaint his brother, once, for all, that he was powerless to help him, he affected his object, since to my know ledge brothtr Alec never made appeal or re monstrance to hiin again. Except in matters relating lo his own pro fe--sion, wherein Mark was singularly discreet, and, indeoi, so reticent in communicating them th;ii I suppose no articled clerk ever Icaniixi less law than I did, during the space of time that I remained under his tutorship, he was, as I have said, by nature open and unre served ; this characteristic was shared by his son John, in whom it was even heightened by a total want of perception of the necessity of concealment : while Mrs. Raeburn, from long habit of despotic rule, rode roughshod over everybody, and gave herself no trouble to put the velvet glove on her iron hand. Thus it happened that, though but a youthful student of human nature, the proceedings of the Rae burn family — for poor brother Alec was a char acter one might run and read — and even their motives, were as clear to me as though I had a Machiavelli. Nor was Gertrude Floyd any enigma to me by this time. Although no vows had been interchanged between us, I felt my self secure of her affections, and fondly hoped that only patience was needed on my part, to enjoy a happiness of which I nevertheless ack nowledged myself undeserving. Every day brought me some new proof of her generosity and spirit ; and I watched her ripening charms of mind and body, as the child watches the peach that has been promised to him ripening on die garden wall, witnout a thought of the canker, worm, or of the thief. Indeed, who could be the diief in this case, even in design, save the volatile John, of whose rivaJship I knew I need entertain no fears ? Thus dien stood matters r.t the Priory, when a circumstance occurred which placed the un happy dependent on his brother's bounty in even a more- humiliating position than he had yet occupied, while it also threatened to de prive him of the sympathy entertained for him by those who claimed to'be his friend r. This sympadiy was just then at its height, since the poor fellow had actually submitted to the per sonal degradation suggested by his implacably hostess, and parted with his venerable beard. I was aware of the ludicrous ideas that such a sacrifice cannot but suggest. ' The manly growth that fringed his chin' is a line which tries the gravity of even the readers of anejiic ; and how, dierefore, it is possible to make such mattters serious in plain prose ? Yet the per sonal indignity inflicted on brother Alec, con sidering his age, and kinship, and forlorn con dition, was as great as it is possible to conceive, and stirred the indignation of all beholders — fortunately by this time confined to the family circle. There was oue feature in the case that might have made even Mrs. Raebum herself, had she not been has emotionless as a millstone — namely, that the change thus wrought in the old man's appearance brought outhis likeness to her son in die most extraordinary manner. The lines and wrinkles in the old man's face were already mirrored in that of the young one, produced there, I fancy, partly by his tricks of grimacing ; and now that the dignity which die beard always gives to the aged was gone, there was really little but the grey head — except that the depressed and broken manner contrasted strongly enough with John's upstart and graceless ways-^to distinguish uncle from However, ' WelL Mr. Alexander, I call that a. great improvement ; you really do look now like a civilised being,' was all the remark that the old man's compliance with her wishes drew from his sister-in-law. If he had hoped to con ciliate her by his obedience, he was mistaken indeed. A few days after this letter arrived by the afternoon's post for Mrs. Raebum, the contents of which (for it happened that she received it at the dinner-table) appeared to disturb her exceedingly, ' What is it, Matilda ?' inquired the attorney anxiously. He was always anxious alxmt letters, but of late months I, had noticed that this habit had greatly increased with him. He was always anxious about letters, but of late months I had noticed diat this habit had greatly increased with him. He did not drink more than usual in my presence, but I had a suspic ion that he had taken to do so more and more in private, and that his nerves were beginning to be affected. ' Never mind just now, Mark ; you will all hear soon enough,' was bis wife's reply, deliv ered in her m'-- -rigid tone ; and presently, when die servant had left the room, we did hear. ' Mr. Alexander,' said she, with stately cslm, ' diis communication concerns yon nearly, and myself in a more remote degree. * Am I favoured, sir* with your attention ?' This question, which was shot out with amazing sharpness, startled brother Alec not a little. He bad grown so accustomed to be die object of his sister- in-law's remarks which par took largely of the style of a fudge's addiess to the prisoner at the bar, and always elided in 'a pretty severe enteice, that he rarely raised his head when she add essed him, Tiut he looked 3 now with grave aand deprecating air, and said, ' I nrii (jiiite ct your service, madam, I assure you.' * So yon sav, sir, aii'J so you would have others believe, I know. It i? part of your plan to be always submissive aifd yieWing. It lias brought you a great deal uf sympathy in -this house, and as, ho doubt, you .1L.0 intended, consideiable opprobrium uj-on myself. As for me, however, I have ci-.reiS nothing for ihai, since I have been. actuated solely by a souse oi duty. I made a tolerable g'jess at. your char acter when I nrst set eyes upon you.* ' Matilda !' exclaimed the attorney in mild expostulation, for, either from weakness, or want of will, !« now hardly held up the shield at aJl belK'een his brother and these cruel darts. 'Matilda, I am surprised at you.' ' You will be more surprised at that n;aa there' — and she stretched ou' her ami, and pointed to brother Alec across the table — ' when I have told you what I have just now heardalxmt him. I have incurred much odium, I say, upon this gentleman's account, because I read him from the first, and was therefore not disposed to spoil and humour him. I have never permitted him — and I am now most thaukful to ssy it — to have his own way in this house, though, I trust, I have not forgotten Uiat he was my husband's brother.* ' A little more than kin and less than kind,' murmured brother Alec softly. * I daresav continued she contemptuously, ' you would not be so glib with your quotations, sir if you knew what was coming.' Her dislike of her poor relative was so excessive that she could not prevent herself from flying at him in this cat-like manner, although it serioulsy com promised the dignity of her judicial tone. ' The ti*ne has come Jfr. Alexander,' she continued, mere solemnly, ' for tHe correctness of my judgment to Le established. It seems that we have not or.ly liarboured an imposter in tin's house, Mark, in the person of vour in jured brother vonder, 1 ut a ccni non tl i f.' An exebmiuation of horror broke from every lip save that of the accused. The colour came into his face, as it 3iud often done under his iister-in-law's insults, and his thin white hands trembled excessive] j- ; but he did not even lift his eyes. ' Mistake I' echoed she, with a bitter laugh ' Look at the man, sin ing there without having a word to s~y lor himself, sud judge for your selves.' ' I will answer for hnn, Mrs. Raeburn,' ex claimed Gertrude, boldly. ' If it is a mistake, or if it is not a mistake, it is a falsehood.' ' I am quite of Miss Floyd's opinion,' said I. ' It is a most infamous charge whoever made it.: ' It's worse than that,' observed John ; it's actionable ; you had belter look out, mother.' Mrs. Raeburn regiirdsd us with complacent contempt. ' The mistake, or falsehood, as you so deli cately put it. Gertrude, is at least none of mine,' said she ; * von shall he.ir whose it is, then judge whether it is IskcJy to be correct or not. Three or four days ago I wrote to the Zoological Society in London, offering to dispose of the Peruvian Night-l'arrot ; and this is the official reply I received this afternoon : ' ?' Madam, — In reply to your communicat ion of the 15th instant, I am instructed to acquaint you that the !-ird of which you speak is already the property of the Zoological Society, from which it was stolen some six months ago. It should have arrived at South ampton by the Java' — the vessel you came in. I believe Mr. Alexander — ' on the iSlh of October last. The Parrot had been bespoken from Peru, and oar agent went down to the port in order to receive it but found ? ' That the bird had flown,' interpolated the irrepressible John, in close' imitation of his mother's manner. * Silence, sir !' exclaimed she, so vehemently that John fell back in his chair with the air — a trifle* exaggerated — of a gentleman who has been shot thro igh the head. ' ' But found that the bird had been already conveyed away by a passenger. You are quite correct as to its value, end it is the fixed determination of the society to recover their property. Your brother-in-law, they have no doubt, received it in ignorance that it had been unlawfully come by ; but unless it is instantly restored to them, without charge and with satis factory explanationsof how he became possessed of it,' they will be compelled to communicate with the police. Should any acci ier.t happen to the bird in the meantime, they will hold him; responsible in the sum of one hundred pounds.' ' You will net denv, I suppose, Mr. Alex ander, that you were the passenger who took that bird away from the ship ?' 'Mark,' said brother Alec, softly, 'your wife asks me whether I am a thief. Can you not answer for me, even that for?' * Of course, my dear Alec, of course ; but why can't you answer for yourself? Nothing can surely be easier. It's a simple question of fact, you know.'v With a s^entle sigh the old man turned to his hostess,' ' If, then, I needs must say so, madam, I did not steal the bird.' ' Do not prevaricate, sir. I did not ask you that question. What I asked was. Were you not the passenger referred to who brought that parrot from the ship r' ' I was, luadani ; but I did not steal it.' ' That is another subterfuge. Can you ac count for its possession ? How came you by by the bird ? Can you tell us that ?' And Mrs. Raeburd looken around her triumphantly ; she piqued herself on her powers of crossexamina tion, before which many a domestic had suc cumbed in tears. c You wish to hear how I came by Chico ?' answered the old man, quiet!}-. ' Nay, madam ; I will not tell you that.' ' You wilJ not ? Tiwt means you dare not !' Brother Alec's pale face worked convulsively. It was some lime before he found voice to say: ' You have ray answer, madam, and it is final. ' Yery good, sir, perhaps you will bejnore communicative to the police. The parrot will be sent to-morrow morning to its rightful owners. I am sorry, for your sake, tha' the serpents have been destroyed, since .a donation of them might have been considered in the way of amends. As to an explanation of how you became possessed of the bird. I have only one to offer.' 'But, Mrs. Raebum — ' appealed Gertrude. ' JCo, Gertrude, I must decline to listen to you. The matter is 100 serious to be made the subject of sentimental interference. If, as I guess, you were about to propose to pay the hundred pounds for this worthless fellow, I will not permit it ; that would be, as my hus band will tell you to compound a felony. The Zoological Society may, perhaps, be content with the restitution of their property ; but I am not going tt- run the risk of seeing die offi-. cers of the law enter my doors in search of a felon. After to-day, your brother will find a home for himself elsewhere. He shall stay no longer under this roof.1 ' Hut this is being very precipitate, Matilda,' remonstrated the attorney. ' Precipitate do you call it, Mr. Raebum, when this man has been our guest here the better part of a year — eating and drinking of the best ? It was throngh uiy weakly yielding to your wishes that I have harboured him so long, not to mention his bird, which is not his, it seems, nor ever has been. 'I must assert myself for once, Mark, as the mistress of diis house. You must take your choice between your wife and him ; for either he or I shall leave this roof to-morrow.' * There was not much doubt as to which of the iivo would have to go. ( To be continued. ) 