(PUBLISHED DAILY.) ECHUCA, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1884. THE solution of the labor problem arrived at by the Intercolonial Trades Congress i is a very simple, if nob a very original one. There are two planks in the plat form. Kigidly suppress anything in the form of assisted immigration, and extend the system of protection to all the colo nies, Australia for the Australians; Shut out foreign labor as far as it can be shut out. This is the short cut to the millennium, according to the majority of the delegates, and they have at least this gratifying reflexion, to encourage them, that their views are shared by a very large proportion of those whom they claim to represent. And yet, the teach ings of experience do net warrant an|'.im plicit _ faith in the efficiency of these agencies. Mr. JBennett, who submitted' tlie resolution affrming that assisted im migration, in any form,. is injurious to 'the interests of the wage earners, informed his audience that the growth of a vouno ( country must be gradual, and that "if the gradual process were at all stimulated, artificially assisted or unduly hastened, " there must be an interference with the " rights and interests of some classes of xJi^Ic^a^large " money surely a similar influx of"a lar^e "supply of labor would have the same effect on labor." This, it may be re marked, in passing, was not a very in genuous way of putting the case, No advocate of assisted immigration has ever urged or desired that the population should be added to fitfully and in extrava gant proportions. The converse o£ this has been the case, It has always been insisted on that any system of assisted-or subsidised^immigration must be carefully and judiciously regulated, the one con sicleration to be kept steadily in view being the capacity of the country to ab sorb profitably, the supply which is brought^,to it. But champions of par ticulsr interests are not remarkable for their scrupulous adherence . to 'accurate lines of either argument or assertion, and it need not occasion any great surprise to find those who believe that to steadily augment the wage earning classes of the community is the surest road that could be taken to prosperity, stigmatised as sel fish .intriguers animated by no higher motive, than a gived for increased profit no matter by whose- loss it may be secured. The pity is, that many of those who know better, and who are in a posi tion to make use of their knowledge find I theii account rather in a servile acquies cence than in persistently combating the error which is promulgated, So far as -Victoria; is concerned, there is no desire for any change on the part of the oppo nents of immigration, and no immediate hope^of a change on the part of those who are impressed with its advantages. The question may be accepted as settled, not perhaps definitely, for no delusion lives tor ever, but at least for some time, to come. We shall indulge -, in periodical seit gratulations over the wonderful pro gress we are making, and complacently telicitate ourselves on the wisdom we have evinced in bringing about such re sults, and we shall perhaps even come to believe by and bye that things would not have been-very greatly better if we had not put a stop to the old order, of thin°-s. The second resolution was really a corol lary to the first. If it is fitting to keep out all producers but those whom we have already amongst us, jt is not less fitting .. to keep' out all productions which are at all likely to compete with our own. The careful historical student knows that it was by such means as these that the nations of the old world, which have risen to eminence in commerce and in dustry, achieved distinction,and those who are not careful students find teachers who give them exactly the kind of instruc tioa which they are desirous of,receiving; The Yice-President complained. that in* New South Wales they found it extremely difficult to convinee a; sufficient number of the legislators that rigid protection was the one thing needed to enhance pros perity and ensure progression. His own idea was that the Government of the colony ought to act by the people as a father to his children, and prevent any undue interference with them from out side. But he had hitherto failed to con vince a large number that this was really the proper plan, and so they still imported large quantities of goods for no other apparent reason than that they could be got better and cheaper from others than from their own makers. This is truly a distiessing case j but there is hope even here. The limits of human folly are very wide, and under the influence of political pressuie they are capable of almost inde finite expansion. Mr. Talbot may take heart of grace and look hopefully forward to the time when dillerent counsels will j prevail, and when all foreign competition I will be stamped out by law. There -was one proposition whisti is not very easy to, be dealt with because it is somewhat vague. It was that the system of local government should be extended to labor councils, sanctioned and assisted by the State, It is quite couceivable that such councils might be productive of a great amount of good, but it is easy to under stand that they might operate most in jnriously. One of the delegates hinted that the trades-could deal with the ques tion of- fr^fstrade; ..Jiiid? protpcfirn :v great .deal better, than the various legislatures, and the propnsp- nf the resolution instanced ?the .Mining.,on-Eiivale Property difficulty as: one* that; could be disposed of by the Mining-Board without tho slightest trouble. But it is not quite so certain that alacrity'in coming to some sort of conclusnn unon vexod^ questions, would leave nothing to be desired. There are, however, many matters in which the i representatives of this trades could bring their knowlodge to bear with benefit that would extend l>eyo.:d themselves. This reform, if a definite and rational' shape could, bo. given to it, would be really worth striving for, but so far there not appear any * great x*eason to hope that: the suggestion will come to .anything; (Other questions of less import but having more vitality, stop the way, and it is not unlikely, that before these are re moved, the wider, hut less attractive one will havo been forgotten. If the reverse should ba the case,-we may look back to . the Congress as having 'furnished the [ inception of . one addition to our go verning organisations, from- which it would not be too much to anticipate far more real good than can ever be done bv isolated eftorfcs, by unions, or even by assemblages of intercolonial delegates.. ECHUCA SHIKE COUNCIL.-The ordinary monthly meeting of the Eohuca Shire Council will be held to-d.-ty at the Shire Hall, Ro chester. ... ' I FIRE.-A fire occurred this inorning about four o'clock in the direction ofEchuca Bast. Thebell tolled out the alarm, and the Brigade turned out promptly with-the' reel, but after proceeding some;distance returned, as: it ap peared to far a .vay. The place .was occupied by Mr. Robert M'GoU, and was situated be tween the Friendly Societies' ground and the bricb kilns. We were unable to ascer tain whether the place was insured or not. The place was.totally destroyed, FOOTBAHi.-1Tho... annual meeting of the Echuca Park Fooiball Club will be. held on Wednesday evening at the Commercial Hotel. WINTER REQUIREMENTS. -Through our I advertising columns, Host Spearing, "of the Palace^ prescribes very palatable draughts for winter ailments, RAILWAY REFRESHMENT ROOMS.-Tenders returnable 22nd May are invited through our columns for leasing certain railway refresh ment rooms, including those of Echuca. REPAIRING.-Mr. J. E. Askew, Temper ance Hall repository and cigar divan, inti mates through our columns that he is pre pared to repair and regulate sewing machines and a certain class of musical instrument. ST. LEON'S CIRCUS.-St. Leon's circus and menagerie will , appear to-night at Echuca. In Sandhurst, the combination met with very great success, and also in the outlying dis tricts. . THE,. CUMBERLAND HOTEL.-This well KUOWU liuauunj .. .. It_ .. L. the proprietor, Mr. Joseph Barberis','"and having been thoroughly renovated presents a very interesting appearance. The premises are commodious, and the proprietor has studied the convenience of lodgers, and the tastes of the public. Miss NELLIE VEITCH.-Miss Nellie Veitch the. talented, young elocutionist, who has made very successful appearances in Mel bourne, will appear at Echuca on Wednesday, 21st., May, where she should meet with the reception her abilities entitle her to. The Australasian thus writes concerning, the young lady : -Miss " Veitch is young and intelligent, and endowed with a clear, powerful, and notunmusical-voice, She is capable of strong feeling, and obviously possesses a _ great deal of that aort of aptitude which enables the posssessor to enter into the spirit of the character imper sonated, or the scence described. She: understands exactly how to make what -are understood as " points" in her recitals. Her action is graceful, and appears to arise naturally ^ out of the circumstances of the situation in the .scenes supposed to bo pass ing. AN OLD FRIEND.-At the Sandhurst Police Court yesterday, Mr. Graham Webster and local magistrates , transferred the license of the handsome and commodious Albert Hotel in M'Crae-street, from T. Hogan to Mr. Wm. Simmons, well-known in Echuca and formerly licensee of the Duke of Ediuborough Hotel. The: Albert s in que of the finest situations in Sandhurst, being nearly oppo site the Mechanics' Institute and-a short dis tance from the busy part of Pall Mall. ? As in Echuca,; Mr. Simmons- is an ardent sup porter of the" higher branches of atheletics, and lus already made many friends in his new sphere, where we hope he will meet with success. . CHARGES AGAINST A CONSTABLE.-At the Eeaglehawk police court on Saturday morn ing, before Mr. : Webster, P.M., Mounted constable Couch, of Maroug, was proceeded against upon two charges, (1); being drunk and disorderly, and (2) using insulting words in a public place towardsCatherine Corbett, the daughter of the railway stationmaster at that place. The alleged offences wore com mitted on the 11th March, at the railway station. ;A number of witnesses were called for the prosecution, but their evidence was of so contradictory a character that Mr. Webster dismissed the charges wifhout the defence being gone into... ... ECHUCA YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA TION.- Tile usual weekly meetings of the above association were resumed last night It was announced that the " Trial of Johu Barleycorn " had' been a success financially and otherwise. The programme for last evening, readings and recitations, was a very enjoyable one, several of the members'' con tributions being excellently rendered. THE BUTCHER'S HALF-HOLIDAY. -A Scratch football match will take place to- morrosv on the Park Oval. 1 THE SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIP.--A number of gentlemen, including Mr. Morris Green wall, agent for Hanlan, and Messrs. Fleming and Hanlan, assembled at the Oxford Hotel °n Saturday evening, as the articles of agree ment for theJcoming sculling match demand ed that the second deposit of £50 a side should be made that evening for the nutch Trickett or Beach v. Hanlan. Mr: Hunt-at once oxplained that an awkward position had arisen, as Beach still held to his original re solution, and refusod to row on, the Nepean | River, although he was offered a considerable^ sum of money to do so. Trickett had gone away to Queensland. He then said that ] Layeock was willing to row on the Nepean, j if his, name might be substituted in the ar ticles in the place of Trickett and Beach, i Hanlan at first was strongly opposed to this I alteration, and nearly three hours were ' spent in arguing .the proposition;' Eventual ally it was decided that Laycock should take the place oLthe other men, , and that in all other respects the . match should be carried, on as originally intended. The second de posit of £50 a-side was then made. It was arranged that fresh articles should, be drawn up and signed that day week. Subsequently it transpired that Beach stood to win 1700 if he would forego his determination of not rowing on the Nepean, but even this sub stantial inducement was not sufficient to move him from his original purpose of row ing on the Parrainatta, on the championship course, and on that course only, for the , championship of the world. -Argus, OBSERVATIONS ON SPIRITUALISM. -The] Vienna correspondent of the Times writes on ' March 6th:-"A pamphlet entitled 'Ob servations on Spiritualism,' by the Archduke John, has just appeared. The A.rchduke, who it may' be remembered, was mainly in strumental in unmasking Bastian, says that this modern-superstition numbers millions of adherents, including many in his own country, and is cherished not only in the huts of-- peasants,: but even in the palaces of the great. - He gives a most interesting account of his own spiritualistic experiences. Baron Hellenbach, one of-most' ardent enthusiasts" among" the spiritualists,7 had recommended Bastian to his Imperial Highness. The story of the unmasking: of Bastian'ls then re lated in an amusing'fashion.": To a question of the Crown Prince what he thought of the affair, he replied that he thought it an im posture. ? 'I . never doubted that,' was the Crown < Prince's reply; 'but that is not enough; it must be: proved to be an imposture, as so many people believe in it.J Then a scheme for unmasking Bastian was deviled. The Archduke represented to the Grown Prince that the chief thing was to lull the performer into security, ani thus to make him act: with less caution ; and he afterwards thought of the plan of sad ienly looking the door behind the medium and apparitions. A ] -locksmith: made the necessary meehanisni, and the ghost, as I related at the time, was captured. » The- Archduke sharply attacks Baron Hellenbach. He divides men into believers; 'unbelievers, and ignorant, -7 pre judiced persons ; and reminds the Baron of his responsibility co the public; and of . the moral obligation incumbent upon him to acquire a thorough knowledge of the sub ject, in order not to mislead his fellow crea tures;" -. CURIOUS PHENOMENON. - A curious natural phenomenon," says the Mount Alex ander Mail.-." was ebservable at Castlemaine on Friday morning in the form of a raud uhower. The p3evious day had been wet and stormy,, and though the wind abated the' rain continued to fall all night. About 4 o'clock a'm. the few persons who were abroad noticed that they were being bespattered with thin mud, which was descending with the rain.; The .engines on the railway lines were also observed to have ' passed -through the same experience on their upward and down ward1 journeya, showing that the occurrence was "notconfired to this particular locality. Householders- were surprised in the morning to find the water as brown as that in Lake Joanna, and a few housewives who left their linen hanging on the lines overnight found it of a hue not at all commensurate with the labour which hadbeen-bestowed upon it. A gentleman, who had bean out in the rain, got home before 12 o'clock at night, and was surprised on looking at'his! 'belltopper '' on Saturday to find it al! spotted over with brown marks. Another who had an umbrella discevered mud-stains upon it without being able to account how they came there. At Maldon, Daylesford, and Barker's Creek the. same appearances were observable, and it may have extended beyond these limits. The cause of the phenomenon is attributable to dust in; the atmosphere, which may have been,transported for a considerable distance, and was carried down by therein." Similar! appearances have been noticed in the Sand hurst district. "Various causes," the Bendi-go Advertiser observes, " were as3igued/ for the occurrence of the phenomenon, and although the high wind in the morning may account for the dust in the air, it is rather remarkable that the dust fell after the ground in the entire district and for miles around it also, had received several hours' good soak ing. The occurrence was noted in all quarters of the district, and hats, coats, and umbrellas which had been out in it were in a 1"" "itvia ; Even, cabs and -win clows presented a very dirty appearance, ana had to undergo a cleaning. The same extra ordinary thing was experienced in Ingle wood also." . A STRANGE STORY.-has found its way into print respecting the proceedings of a Mr. T. Starkey, a member of a well-known firm of Birmingham accountants. In October last Mr. Starkey accompanied his family on a holiday to Cricci^th, and was supposed to have been drowned while out boating in a canoe by himself. Tile empty canoe drifted for some distance, but was recovered, and the hat of the missing man was picked up. Probate to his will was refused in the absence of any direct evidence of his death, and re cently his .wife-has received a telegram from I Australia, in which her husband announces that he is alive and well, and will write to her. His flight, it is stated, was due solely to private arid personal reasons, which could not be explained at the time. - MYSTERIOUS CASE OF DROWNING.-The body of a man,' named J~ame3 . M'Donald, who lives near Axedale, was fouud on Saturday in a waterhole in Axe Creek. M'Donald disappeared nearly a week ago under what are deemed peculiar circum stances. He was returnim* home in com pany with his wife, and was in a quarrelsome condition. When reaching the Perseverance hotel, near Axe Creek, he told his wife to go home whilst he went back for his hat," which had blown off. He was afterwards at the Perseverance hotel, and the last that was seen of him was his running towards Axe Creek, pursued by some men with whom he had been quarrelling. The hole in which his body, was found was directly under the bridge. His watch and valuables were found upon him. M'Donald was' only t-venty-seven years of age. POLICY OF RUSSIA .-Mr. Charles Marvin, the late special correspondent of the Morn ing Post{says a Public Opinion), has produced a powerful appeal to all classes to combine in active ao-operation in bringing before the public ahd the Government the necessity that prompt and vigorous measures should be at once adopted to oppose the encroaching policy of Russia. ? S<v strongly does the writer feel on this subject-that'at his own cost 500 copies of this pamphlet have, been.printed to be dis tributed:gratuitously_to members of Parlia ment and the press: - The ' argument that is. | brought most prominently-, forward is, that the present Emperor of Russia is as little to | be trusted as his, predcessors. By the seizure of Mery,5 Herat," the key of India, 'is placed in peril > Distance from-the new Russian outposts to Herat, 1 10 miles : distance from the English outposts to Herat, 514 miles. Mr. Marvin asks -Who; therefore, holds the key of India ?" From all points and from whatever way the matrer is focussed, it seems simply that if Russia is not checked by England, Meshed to Htrat, to Dalkh, and-to Cahul will be seized by . the greedy Mus covite, and here she will not remain 'till .she lays down ner Cossack "border alongside \ the Sepoy line of India. Not satisfied with his own experience aud ' opinions, he quotes General Sir Charles .Macgregor, who repudi ates the statement made by M. Tchichacheff that the road between Ivlery and Herat is fraught with impassble difficulties. . The General says yia; such is not the case, vand he, moreover. " would-undertake to drive a mail coach from . LVlery to Herat." This has been verified by the Russian engineer-ex plorer Leasar. .-...CONFIDING WOMEN;. - The Sebasfcopol cor espondent of t ie Ji Marat Star -writes - " ,l,he monetary transactions or two offended lovers were tue theme of a dispute heard before thu .utastojjol magistrates to-day. A young fellow, it appears, was; anxious to enter, the^ranks of the benedicts,-and not Iiaving suliieienc funds he sought to win the affections of a young lady who possessed the - required house and garden. The yound lady," in the fulness of her heart, lent her appar ently .devoted lover the sum of £7 10s. where with to purchase the necessary outrig' for himself. He, "however, in the meantime changed his mind, and refused either to give himself or the money to the disappointed fair one. The Sebaslopol magistrates, however, sympathised with her in her sorrow, and ordered the fickle, one to pay the amount with an extra 10s. : The French Press are actively discussing the present situation iu Egypt, and they claim that France should'share British influence in that country. 