ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, Special significance was attached to tho fore noon-service in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Eastern iHill, from tho fact of its being known that daring High Mass the choir wore to reform 'Plompton's Mass in G, assisted by M. EdouarJ Aomnyi, the groat violinist ; Horr Jlndolf Himmer and a full orchestra. It was also under stood this wna to bo the final performance in the Cathodral of tho choir which, fttndor ' the conductorsliip of Mr. Alfred Plnmpton, has for tlio last fivo years been dooked upon as the premier church xuumc.iI "organisation of tho colony. As mightbo expected .the cathedral was densely crowded, tho silting accommodation proving quite inadequate for tho number which attended, Pluinpton's mas?, . which was written expressly for »St. Patrick's Cathcdrnl choir, was first performed in the . beginning of the jear 1SSI, and an elaborate account of it was published in The Age at that time. Sinco then its beauties hnvo become well known, and tho work has ginned a firm hold upon the music loving public. \Vithout doubt the performance yester.iay forenoon was tho ' finest ever given in Melbourne. The choir, which assembled in force to the nambor of over eighty, 'seemed inspired with the determination to do ; justice to the work of their conductor on the last .Sunday thoy were to be together, and thoroughly "eucceeded. Tho principals were Miss Sintiott, jMrs. Gutter and Messrs. Statocr and Daniel. Mr. Weston led a full orchestra and Madamo ,Tasca presided at tho organ, the whole being under tho direction of Mr. Plumpton. lit, Kemdnyi played tho violin obligate to tho Et Incarnatus with oxnuisito sweetness, and for the offertory gavo tho Hungarian National Church Hymn with trnly wonderful dopth and ; solemnity. During collection Ilorr llimmcr sang Schubert's Avo Maria, tho deep devotional spirit which characterises this composition being fully brought out by tin vocalist. The musi cal service was concluded by the choir sing ing the Hallelujah Chorus most effectively. 'Tho sermon was proached by tho itev. J. Fitz- 1 gerald, who took for the subject of his discourse ithe 38th verse of tho 10th chapter of the Acts of 'tho Apostles— "How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power; who went about doing good, and healing nil that | were oppressed of tbo devil, " Ho said that .during tho pnblic ministry of our Sa- viour the unfortunates of evory class ifound in Qim a friend and sympathiser. Every phase of human suffering, no matter in what rank of society tho distress showed itself, 'invoked his ready sympathy and succor. Tho imost wonderful acts performed by him wero 'Tor the purpose of rolicving humau suffering. The example Ho set in this respect must "'be followed by all Christians. Although men 'could not perform miracles like Him, yet they had it in their power to mitigate to a groat ex- Stent the sufferings of their neighbors. Men wero ionly the stewards and dispensers of God's (goods, God was tho absolute Master. His commands wero imperative, " Lovo one another." Ilf men wore,uncharitabJe to others, thoy coald 'could not expect charity from God. The sumo icharity they gave to others would bo meted oat . - Ito them. The speaker concluded by exhorting tthose present tn givu liberally and ungrudgingly, 'with the fear of God in Ihoir hearts. 