iThe farmers of Victoria have com- ' menced an agitation for the reduction of the charges imposed for the carriage of , grain. They aver that these are im moderately high, aad being so, that ; they are forced to contend with ex- i traneous difficulties which do not impede 1 and harass agriculturists in other nlanes. , They contend, for exomple, that in ad- . dfttion to- an unlimited field to work upon, ! the Americans are much more favourably dealt with ia regard to railway charges. ; That, being nearer the large centres of ; European population, they have more extensive markets open to them there is no question j but this is a geographical advantage that,, however much we may ; endeavour to minimise, we cannot wholly obtain. Still, there are certain coun- ; Lnws m _a.ma anu me raasc wnose mar kets are as much opea to us as to the j older wheat-producing countries, and as Australia as a whole is largely a wheat | exporting country whose trade in this ' direction is likely to expand rather than to diminish in the future, it will be seen ; to be a very serious question whether our farmers in comparison with those of say California, for instance are really handicapped or not in the struggle of finding a remunerative foreign market. To consider this question there has been held a Conference, the outeome of which was a deputation to the Government, urging the expediency of reducing the scale of rates for the carriage of grain. On the one hand, the case for the far mer appears to be, that whilst the rate of carriage of grain iu California is for distances of 200 miles 3d per bushel or 8s 4d per ton, the charge in Victoria is, after two reductions, 19s per ton. With this handicap disadvantageously opera- ting against them it is not to be won dered that the Victorian farmers should be found lifting up their voices against the excessive railway charges imposed for the carriage of their grain to the seaboard. On the other hand, there is the ugly fact that the State railways are being carried on at a loss that would almost justify the use of the adjective '' enormous," and that it would be un fair to the rest of the community to lower the rates to such an extent as to make the carriage of oereal products a burden to the State, and consequently a burden borne by the general popula tion. Mr Madden, who introduced the deputation, asserted that, owing to the enormous quantity of wheat grown in America, Canada, and India, Australian wheat on account of the cost of produc tion, the expensive handling, the high railway charges, and the great distance between the Qolonies and England, was scarcely able to compete with that of other countries. He went on to point out that in America, the charge for carrying wheat was 6d or 7d per 1000 miles, whilst in Victoria it cost from 6d to 7d to carry it 200 miles. The other arguments used were simply the inevi table corollary that unless the farmers in victoria were aoie to compete success fully with other countries, the land would in time cease to be cultivated, while the country, and the Department as well, would suffer, because 300 acres of wheat would produce more railway revenue than 10,000 or even 20,000 acres devoted to pastoral purposes. It will be admitted that there was some force in the argument subsequently put forward by Mr Madden when he said that, although it might be urged that it wa8 not right that the rates for grain should be reduced until the profits from the Department exceeded the in terest on the total amount the railways had cost, still there were other con siderations to be taken iuto account. In combatting this probable objec tion, Mr Madden sought to show the unfavourableness of such an argu ment by adducing the fact that many of tne iarmers were servea oy railways which had cost the State £4000 or £5000 a mile, while they contributed to ; the cost of the older railways which had involved an expenditure of £50,000 per mile. We are not altogether prepared to say how fai we could endorse the other argument put forward, namely, that the cost of the original lines should be written off, and that of the construc tion of the later and cheaper lines only taken into consideration. There is, how ever, no doubt that some of theolder lines were made at an extravagant cost and when both material and the rate of wages were abnormally high. The con tention now is that if farmers had only to pay the annual interest on lines that benefited them, then the rates of freight would not be higher here than those charged in America. We cannot see much objection to the demand that there- turn tickets issued on the Victorian lines should be made available for one week, seeing that it would be impossible for the upcountry farmer to visit the metro polis, and return the same day if he had an' business to transact. Of course the same objection would arise in this as in the other case that it would not pay to make such a concession for pre cisely the same reasons. There is no reason, however, why grain should not be carried in bulk as soon as possible. W o nKoovro fhaf TV/IF » Plnllino P»»ooi . i r u vwewi iw uiiuu A A uuuuo A icer sident, S . Arnaud Shire Council, said the C inference were of opinion that the scale fixed upon should he — for the first 50 miles, Id. per ton per mile,- Ofd. per ton for — the — naxt_fifty_iriilas_. aud _0d._ per ton per mile for distances beyond that. It will be seen how important this question becomes when it is con sidered that the freight for carriage amounts to nearly one-third of the pa-ice received for the grain itself I Mr Speight seems to have been non-plussed by the weight of these arguments, and had to fall back upon the assertion that the adoption of the rates suggested meant an annual loss of £100,000 on the railway revenue. No decided an swer was given on the general question, and the deputation had to rest content with the assurance that the whole ques tion would be considered upon purely commercial principles. It is clear to us that the expense of working the rail ways must be reduced, and that the farmers of Victoria, in place of being heavily handicapped, should at least be placed on as favourable a footing as those of California. The problem may not be easy to. solve but it is mani festly one that must, on national grounds, engage the best acumen of the Commissioners, or we shall as a com- munity find ourselves strangling the the farming interest, and- ruining the State as a whole in the bargain. We understand- that it is not unlikely that Mounted-Constable Monks, who has been stationed in Avoca for some years past — about six, we believe — will be trans ferred at no distant date to another locality. The change, we are glad to hear, will be a promotion, as Mr Monks will have charge of a station. He has been very zealous without being offensively officious in the dis charge of bis duties, and has proved a terror to- evil-doers. Apart fromhis public duties, he has made a large- circle of private friends who-, while sincerely regretting to- lose his friendship, will be glad to heas that the pros pective change will be for his benefit. The date of his removal or the scexie of his future work has not yet transpired. a llO J\nrmn I onlorfo i nmnnf in n/\nn&nfv;\n with the Avoca State School Prize Fund is announced to take plaee in the Shire Hall on the 8th July> Every effort will be made to render the occasion a substantial success. In consequence of Monday next being a Government holiday, there will be no sitting of the Avoca Police Court os that occasion. As, however, several summonses have been issued it has been decided to hear the cases in connection with them to-morrow at the usual hour. Marshall's Panorama of the late Afghan ; war and exhibition of views in Afghanis- tan and India, of Cornwall and its tin mine, of exquisite statuary, ehromotropes and humorous subjects, were placed before a i numerous auditory largely composed of i children, in the Avoca State School on : Tuesday evening last. Mr Marshall ae- ; companied the views with a brief explana tory sketch, affording much good and useful information. There was an excellent view of the Suez Canal, of the entrance iuto Kojah and Kyber Passes, as also several splendid representations of the more famous places in England, the principalities of India, and other parts of the worli. The panorama is instructive to the young as well as useful to the old, and forms an agreeable entertainment. The Minister of Water Supply has ap proved of the proposed loan of £15,630 to the Avoca Water Trust, and of £6000 to the Bet Bet Water Trust. Mrs McKenna, the wife of a well known draper at St. Arnaud, who was recently ar rested on a charge of ar«on, has been ac quitted by the local Ben. h. A meeting of persons favourable to the formation of a Rifle Club in Avoca was held at Glover's Avoca Hotel on Tuesday night. There was a good attendance. Mr J . Bans- grove, who was voted to the chair, explained that a communication had been received from the Minister of Defence respecting the enrolment of a company of riflemen in Avoca, the particulars of which had been made public in the columns of the Avoca Mail. After some discussion it was unanimously resolved on the motion of Mr A. Paten, seconded by Mr P. Carr, that a Rifle Company be formed under the title of of the Avoca Rifle Club. Mr Bansgrove proposed, and Mr D. Kitchen seconded that Mr W- P. Gilbert be Hon. Secretary to the Club. The subject of the kind of rifle available for the use of the members, the cost of ammunition, and the ability to pro vide targets on a suitable site engaged con siderable attention. As a preliminary, how- r. AAnmMapnr) mficl Arlmcahlo tn m n Iro C»c A. vra» UUU34UI/1WU »v make a strenuous effort to obtain the Martini- Henry rifle on loan from the Government on the members of the Club entering into a guarantee for the safe keeping of that weapon, and further in case of disbanding to : restore those rifles in good condition to the Department. Mr O'Donoghue and one or two others argued that it would be unde sirable to practise with the old Enfield rifle, I inasmuch as that weapon was rapidly be coming obsolete in face of the superior arm. Indeed, an opinion was expres-ed that unless the Martini- Henry rifle was supplied on reasonable terms the movement i would be a failure as far as Avoca was concerned. The Secretary was directed to impress this view on the Government, through the instrumentality of the members of Parliament representing this district also, and that the Parliamentary representa tives should be requested to use their in fluence to secure the use of the improved weapon and the erection of two rifle butts. It was decided to solicit the palronage of the Hon. Mr Williamson, M.L.C., and to ask him to accept the honorary position of President of the Club. Letters, it was re solved, should also be sent to Messrs Lang- don, Dow and Grant, urging them to use their influence in procuring a supply of , Martini-Henry rifles for the company ou a reasonable guarantee being given by the members for their safe custody. On the motion of Mr O'Donoghue, it was decided to invite Homebush aod other places to join the Club so as to form a strong com pany. It was agreed that the Secretary should at cmce write to the Ballarat, Mary- i borough, and Carisbrook Clubs for a copy of their rules, and for such other information as might prove useful, and to convene another meeting immediately on receiving replies. A vote ol thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. We are glad to find that Dr Morris has so far recovered from his recent prostration that, though still enfeebled, he is able to leave his bed, and take occasional walks in his garden by way of exercise. His com plete restoration is anticipated before long, when no doubt the doctor will be himself again. A movement is on foot to erect a large public hall or theatre at Maryborough. It is being originated by the Blue Ribbon Army, and is to combine the purpose of a meeting house. There are to be twelve thousand shares at twelve skill iags each ; one shilling on application, one shilling ou allotment, and the balance by calls not to exceed one shilling per month. An infiuen tial number of townsmen have undertaken to float the affair. The hall is expected to be about 90 feet by SO feet in theaadito-i rium, 25 by 50 feet on the stage. The last attempt to arrange for the erection of a theatre, which is badly wanted there, was frustrated in consequence of landowners holding allotments m central positions, raising the prices of their land to an exces sive exteut when it became known that theatrical promo'ers were likely to require- it. It remains to be seen whether the Blue Ribbonites will be able to meet this diffi- | culty. ( We perceive that Messrs. Savage and Hulbert, evangelists, purpose holding a : Blue Ribbon meeting in Avoca on Monday evening nest in the Wesleyan Church. ' There are, in addition, to temperance oratory, , to be speeches- and songs, and a large atten- ; dance is expected. ' A laughable story is told about Mrs. ' Munro, better known as "-Lady Munro," ; on account of her close relationship with ; the Countess of Dudley (?) On Sunday i night week, says the World, Mrs. Munro f attended a meeting of the Salvation Army, in the Temperance Hall, and gave oat that 1 she had been " converted." The members ! of the army were jubilant,, and Mrs. : Munro's conversion was pointed out to show t the good work the army was doing. On ; Tuesday the good lady got glorious,, and I going up to the Temperance Hall met ' Majpr Barker. The Major was proceed ing to express bis disapproval of her con duct, and regretting her backslidings, when sne urtea ner nsc ana Knocxedi tne leader of the Salvation. _ Army down in the most ap- ; proved pugilistic style. The Rev. Mr J M'Cutcheon happened to come up at that moment, and Mrs, Munro gave another lec ture. She queried of the rev. gentleman bow he couBd expect her to be good on an empty stomach. He admitted there was some force in the argument, and took her- to- a well-known restaurant,, where she- was treated to the best of everything. The lady whispered .something in the waiter's ear, and shortly afterwards a bottle of the best brand of champagne appeared. The rev. gentleman persisted that be could not think of paying for the- " gold-top," when she- asked him what he meant by asking- a lady to dine with him, and then would not pay for- what she- called fov. Be aeseptedl the situation, and parted— both for the cham pagne and with Lady Mtanrov Mrs. Munro is prepared to be converted by any suburban ftornft. nl fluv 4rmu rm Mm caa UU«i w wj iuv oqusd terms- It will be- remembered (says the Gi'pps Tcmd Times)) that a short time ago guard Kelly, whilst in cbargseof the down train to Sale, performed a plucky and courageous act by climbing oa to. the top of the train, whilst it was travelling at a hiigh rat® of speed, and removing from one of the car riages a burning lamp, which shortly after wards burst. The feat was attended with great danger, and it no doubt had the effect of preventing the the train catching fire. The matter has been brought under the no tice of th» Royal Humane Society, and that body have decided to award him a cer tificate of merit. Pleuro-pneumoma is said to be prevalent in several herds of Battle in the Laaneeoorie and Woodstock districts $says the Bendigo Advertiser. Some of the entile have died from the effects of the malady, and others are in a very bad state. The owners of un affected herds complaia that the districts are not visited by a stock inspector, and tbey entertain fears that unless some steps are taken to isolate the cattle affected with the disease, it will become general through out the Loddon ITalley. Some years since the disease made great ravages in "Wood stock and Laaneeoorie. Texas reports the followiug as a ghost story, the locality being Turnersville : — " Just at the moment of the dissolution of a Mrs Reneau, six coffins were seen to come and hover over the house and then glide gently upward to the sound of sweet and melodious music." Several reliable persons claim to have witnessed the spectacle. 