LALA BAM CHUNDEB, BY THE BEV. L. S. JACKSON". Master Bam Cbunder, as he was commonly called by his pupils, was tbe teacher of mathematics in the Delhi Government College. He was a mathematician of considerable power and originality, as is proved by bis work on Maxima and Minima, which was very favourably received by English mathematicians. He was a good English scholar, and had no doubt from bis youth known some thing of the tenets of Christianity : the religious opinions of those from whom be had learned so much were not likely to escape the attention of his thoughtful miud. But it was not till later that his studies were power fully drawn in this direction. It is very interesting to observe what it was that first inclined him to entertain the subject of Christianity. Dr. Kay has kindly sent me the purport of a con versation which he had with Bam Chunder at Mr. Jennings' dinner- table on New Year's Day, 1854. Bam Cbunder said : " I had long been per suaded that tbe Brahmans had no claim to be teachers of religious truth. I looked on most of them as men who encouraged the popular superstition simply because it was gainful to them. I supposed that the same was the case with the Padres of the English, though it sometimes occurred to me as strange that many English men of undoubted intelligence and honesty went to the church. " One Sunday, as I was crossing in front of the church, I noticed that the door stood ajar, and it occurred to me that I might just look in and see what their ceremonies were. What I saw struck me with amazement ; all the people kneeling and appearing as if to them God was really present. It was an entirely new conception to me, and when I came away I was so much impressed that I determined to read the New Testament. I did so ; read it carefully and studied it ; and at length I was quite satisfied that Jesus was the Son of God." My readers will remark how this in cident illustrates the importance of the bearing of the Church in the presence of a heathen population. This father of the Delhi Church was first drawn to inquire after Christ by witnessing the devout worship of the English congregation. It is a sound principle tbat has led our Venerable Society to care for the children of the Church living among the heathen as a preliminary to work amongst the heathen, themselves. The result of Bam Chunder's studies of the Scripture was a firm conviction of the divine origin of our faith; but he might have failed to carry bis con victions to their practical consequence, and so have lost the blessing be actual ly received, but for an interview with Profossor Street at BishopVDollege, on the occasion of a visit he paid to Calcutta in the cold weather of 1850 — 1. Professor Street has preserved this conversation in the pages of the Mis sionary for March, 1851 (it is one in substance often repeated, though rare ly with so much wisdom on one side, and so much honesty on the other). Bam Chunder had made some remark which led Mr. Street to ask whether he was a Christian. Instead of reply ing either yes or no, he said that he knew our Scriptures, believifi them to be the Word of God, and that Jesus is the Son of God, and that the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and one God. His avoiding a direct reply to the inquiry whether he were a Christian struck him therefore the more. " Finding upon further conversation that he still declined, or rather seem ed to make no pretension to the name, I enquired what he lacked yet of be ing a Christian, supposing tbat he be lieved all that he told me he believed ? Although he spoke English as fluently as any native I have ever met with, he did not find an answer. He did not. seem to be willfully evading, it, but to> be fairly puzzled by it. " At length I asked him plainly why be did not seek baptism. He said that he did not think it necessary — that Missionares and Clergymen- had led him to think so ; that faith, and the- state of the heart were the needful things. I asked him whether he had not met with passages in the Scripture- which imply that baptism is necessary ? As he did not answer, I asked him if he did not remember our Lord's com mission to the Apostles, 'Go ye there fore, and teach all nations, baptisingk them,' &c.; (St. Matt, xxviii. 19, &c.;) I He said he did- I then asked him® whether, since he had declared his® belief that our Saviour is the Son of® God, he could justify non-compliance® with so plain a command, and referred® to St. Mark xvi. 16, ' He that believ-H eth and is baptised shall be saved,' &c;® He made no reply. I then showed® him Acts ii. 37 — 39, viii. 36 — 38, and® St. Paul's baptism by Ananias j,-par-H ticularly pointing out verse 16 oi® chap. xxii. ' Arise and be baptise® and wash away thy sins, calling the name of the Lord.' " The texts and the context, as iH briefly traced it out to him, seemeH new to him ; so I begged him to con-B sider them seriously, and to rememB ber St. Luke ix. 26, ' For whosoeveiB shall be ashamed of Me iandMy Word,B &c.;, since be believed that our Lorc| did command tbat those who believecB should be baptised." Our friend was thus brought facJ to face with the necessity of ji«ofessinH Christ, and professing Him in thH way of His own appointment, if h| would have his part with Him. HJ thus arrived at the critical point a| which " many go back and walk more with Him." Only those whH know what the power of caste is, an| how truly outcast a Christian become® from his family and friends and nsH tive society, can understand the struH gle it must have cost Bam Cbuuder tH declare himself a Christian ; the steH was the more difficult in his case bH cause his wife was deaf and dumb, aiH he had therefore no. means of teachiiB her the truth of which he had becorrH convinced, and so of persuading to become a Christian with hiin. Happily, by divine grace, he had the Strength of mind to act according to his -convictions, and was baptised in St. James's Church on Sunday, July 11th, 1862\. The event is described in a let ter from Mr. Jennings in the Mission ary (August, 1852) : — " To the Editor of the' Missionary.' " My dear Sir, — What I am about to com municate to you in this letter will, I trust, prove of so much interest to you as to be deem ed worthy of a place in the next number of the Missionary. " " It relates to the baptism of two very re spectable and well educated Hindoos, and to the circumstances which invest their admis sion into the Church wit peculiar interest on account of the hopes which it raises for the futui e. -"pV The two to whom I allude are named RamTChunder and Chimnan Lai, the former the mathematical teacher in the Government College, and the latter the. Sub-assistant. Sur geon of Delhi. They are both rather eminent in their stations, speak English well, and are of that ae, and in those circumstances which tend to place their conversion above suspicion. " These men had been long religiouly dis posed in their minds, and being dissatisfied with their own religion they had turned their attention to the study of the Christian religion which they had pursued by the means of such assistance as they could meet with. " It appears that the converts have long been persuaded of "the truth oFChristMnity, and halve wished to become Christians, from which however, they have been previouly deterred by apprehension of the consequences which would necessarily follow, and from which they S"a After their minds were fully made up there appeared no necessity for much delay before their baptism,, and so Sunday, July 11th, was selected as the day on which to ad minister that sacrament to them. " The announcement of their intention to become Christians caused an excitement throughout the city of -Delhi greater than it is possible to imagine, and at the time of the baptism the Church of St James was literally surrounded by natives ; and the vacant spaces inside which were not used by the congrega tion were allowed to be filled by them More than 150 were thus inside the church. All behaved with the greatest decency and order, and there being also a full congregation, the sight was a very moving one, as may be imagined. The interesting event thus recount ed by the good chaplain was certainly calculated to raise great hopes of the future success of the Mission. He himself interpreted it as a token of the divine blessing resting on the ef forts that were being made on behalf of the heathen. It was, moreover, the deliberate choice of the Christian faith by one of the keenest minds in Delhi ; and so would stand as a ver dict in its favour, which all would un derstand. It was also an instance of moral courage which augured well for the people's success in casting off the bondage of superstition under which they had long laboured. _ The letter itself is a precious memorial of those who were so soon and so sud denly to end their days on earth at the outbreak of mutiny. Earn Chunder's life after his bap tism gave continued evidence of the sincerity of his conversion, He la boured earnestly to bring the young men with whom he was associated to the knowledge of Christ Out of col lege hours he would be found reading the Scriptures with them in his own bouse ; he urged them to come to us to read the Gospel, and on Sunday he used to bring them with him to church. Two afc least the young men whom be thus taught were baptised after the mutiny, and one of them has been or dained and has been engaged in teach ing the Gospel by voice and pen from >6at time till now. He also exercis ed a wide influence over the higher classes of native society. It is somewhat remarkable that, though born a Hindoo, the Moham medan controversy engaged Earn Chunder's intei-est after his conver sion more than the question under discussion with the Hindoos. The Erahmo school of Hindooism was not yet developed, and there was no very definite ground of controversy with the Hindoos ; but there was a very keen controversial war waging at this time with the Mohammedans : in 1854 Dr. Pfander and Mr. French, (now Bishop of Lahore) held a public con troversy with two Mohammedan cham pions, Moulvie Euhm.ut IJllah and Dr. Wuzeer Khan. The former had written several voluminous works at tacking Christianity rather than de fending Islam. Earn Chunder took a very lively interest in this contro versy ; he studied Arabic in order to be able to consult the authorities, of Islam, and was constantly engaged m correspondence with learned Moslems in support of Christianity. Earn Chunder Was in Delhi at the time of the mutiny, and was walking in the streets when the mutinous troopers passed, but as he wrote afterwards to tell me, by the goodness of God, none of the bystanders betrayed him he made his escape from the city and was ultimately of great service as an interpreter m the English camp. He was subsequently chosen by the In dian Government as tutor to two suc cessive Eajahs of Puttiala, and more recently was appointed Minister of Education in that state \ a mark of the great confidence reposed in him, that he, a Christian, should be ap pointed to superintend the education first of the heir- apparent to a Hin doo Eaja, and then of the Rajah's sub jects generally. He seemed, to have filled this difficult position in such a manner as to have gained the esteem of all aiound, without sacrificing his principles in the slightest degree. The wealth which he thus attained he used freely in his Master's service. The Bishop of Lahore tells me that for several years he gave an annual contribution of Es. 1,000 (nearly £100) to a native pastorate fund: this marks the measure of his liberal ity. The Bishop also sums up his character in the following words : " Earn Chunder was a man of simple, unpretending piety, and had his heart bound up with the growth of the kingdom of God and the glory of God." He returned tq Delhi, only as it seemed to end his days. fHe sunk un der the effects of paralysis, August llth, 1880. He died, as he had lived, giving every mark on his death-bed of the depth and sincerity of his faith. The following account taken from the Indian Christian Herald of August 20th, 1880, is from the pen of his friend and former pupil, Eev- Tare Chund:— " . . . He lay on his bed of sick ness for about five weeks,, and his bod ily sufferings were great ; but God, with whom he had walked, supported him in his time of need. At his ire- quest portions of Scripture were often read out to him,, and prayer : offered by his bedside ,nd though he could speak with difficulty, yet he often in broken sentences expressed his full trust in his Divine Saviour, and. his desire to depart and be with Christ. Twice Holy Communion also was ad ministered to him, from which he ap peared to receive great comfort Dur ing a period of nearly thirty years, he faithfully served his Divine Master by his tongue, his pen, his purse, and his Christian example. He was equally honoured and respected by Hindoos and Mohammedans, as well as Chris tians. There was not one respectable native who did not know him by name at least, or did not praise him for his blameless life." Earn Chunder will always be remem bered as the most notable among the early converts in Delhi, and it is ow ing to his boldness in confessing Christ that there has been a constant succession of converts from the high er educated classes in the city ; and this is in many ways of great import ance, more especially because in such converts we have the material for a native ministry, which is the greatest want of the Church in India. Thus in the beginning of the Delhi Mission there was a promise of per manent fruitfulness which, in God's great mercy, has been abundantly ful filled. the foundation-stone of St. Ste phen's Hospital, at Delhi, for women an.d Children, was laid on January 18, by Her Royal Highness the Duchess of 'Connaught. Before the ceremony the Eev. K. Winter delivered an address explaining the necessity for . the new building. The present site, about a year ago, was made over by , the Govern ment of the Punjaubf'or the erection of a hospital. The amount, collected ! was Es. 21,500, the whole raised by private subscriptions. A considerable amount had been contributed by na tive chiefs. At the Imperial Assembly Lord Lytton, out of funds placed at his' disposal, gave Es. 5,000. The following inscription will be placed on' the stone, with ' an 'Urdu transla tion on a stone opposite- to it i | " To the .glory of Gofi and in memory iJt Priscilla Winter, who for twenty-three years laboured among the women of Iijdia, this stone of St. Stephen's Hospital for Women and Children was laid by Her Royal High-, ness the Duchess of Connaught, on January 18th, a:d. 1884."; . .. , J . , " . . . An account of CMmmun Lai appeared in &ur; number fjPlbth last month. 