THE GREAT, BOAT RACE. Massey v. Duley. The long-talked-of boat-race between Thomas Duley and Joseph Massey came off on the Illa- warra Lake, yesterday afternoon. Considerable interest was evinced in the event, as was evidenced by the large crowd of spectators who put in an appearance on Kanahooka Point. There must have been fully 700 or 800 persons on the point, including a large number of ladies. Shortly before 3 o'clock the road to the Lake was lined by a continuous stream of vehicles, horses, and pedestrians, and coming home the route presented the appear ance of a procession, so numerous were the vehicles, and in such close attendance upon each other. The Lake was far from being smooth; a short choppy sea being on all the afternoon - in fact it was considered just the thing to suit Massey, as he was believed to stand the best show in rough water; but what was believed to be his advantage turned out to have been the means of his losing the race. Considerable delay took place in the men getting into their boats. According to the articles of agreement the race was to start between 3 and 4 o'clock, but at the last named hour they had not made an appearance. One seemed to be waiting for the other to get into the water. Massey made his head quarters in the bay immediately north of the Point, and Duley took up a position near Mullet Creek, out of the crowd. Massey looked in fine form, and was attended by Tom Clifford, who informed us that his man could not be in better condition, and if he did not win that day he would never win. Joe appeared to be quite unconcerned, and showed no anxiety. He pulled in a new boat, built by Dodds, of North Shore. The outrigger, with fittings, weighed 28lbs, and measured 31ft. Duley, who was in the hands of Caldwell, also appeared in good health, and expressed confidence in his power to win the match, although he admitted he would like to see the water a lot smoother. His boat was a new shell, also from Dodds' establishment, and weighed 30lbs, measuring 30ft 10in. Massey turned the scale at 11st in the morning; Duley weighed with his clothes on, and scaled 11st 2lb., his actual weight, however, being about 10st. 6lb, or 10st. and a-half. Not much betting took place, but Massey was the favorite, his friends laying first at evens, but that not being tempting enough to the Duley party, odds were given at 4 to 3, 3 to 2, and 3 to 1, but with very few takers. About half-past four the men got into their boats, Massey taking a spin round the point in capital style, pulling a clean finished stroke, which was much admired by the onlookers. Duley did not come up until some time afterwards, and another delay took place, as the water was then very rough in consequence of a strong puff. The umpire decided to postpone the race for half-an-hour in the hope that a calm might ensue. Disappointment became depicted on the faces of the spectators as the probability of the match falling through for that day became apparent. A lull taking place, however, before the expiration of the half-hour, the competitors re-entered their boats, and got into position at a few minutes to five o'clock. Not much time was lost before the signal to start (by mutual consent) was given. The men took the water together, but before many yards were gone Massey had gained a decided lead, the head wind seeming to be too much for Duley. Massey was pulling a clean, vigorous, swinging stroke, propelling his boat with remarkable rapidity, compared with that of his opponent, who, while rowing a steadier stroke, did not appear to get much force on. Half way down the bay, Massey had a lead of five or six lengths, and it was seen that he had the race in his own hands, and was going to win from the start. He made the first turn in 4½ minutes after starting, and led Duley by fully a minute. Coming back up the bay, Massey had a lead of twenty or thirty lengths, and the hope of any chance the admirers of Duley thought they had died within them. Tom was pulling a determined race, but he lacked the grace and finish of his opponent. Massey made the turn of the flag off Mullet Creek in 12 minutes from starting, Duley 2 minutes later. On getting round his flag it was seen that something had happened to the leader; for he held up his hand, and made several splashes (the first he had made). He seemed to be bearing in towards shore, and ques tions were asked as to 'What's happened to Massey?' Presently it was seen that something serious was the matter, for Joe stood up in his shell and jumped into the water after freeing his feet from the slide. It turned out that the box had become broken, and the cork came out of the boat. Massey made an attempt to regain the cork, but without avail. Fortunately he was a good swimmer, or he would have been drowned for a certanity, as some con siderable time elapsed before a boat could be got off to pick him up. Much sympathy was felt for Massey, who, although only half the course had been got over, had too good a lead to have been overhauled. What appeared to him a gift was lost by this accident, and Duley pulled over the rest of the course by himself, and, as a matter of course, won the stakes. It was very unfortunate the contretemps occurred, not only disappointing to Massey but to those who backed him, and very unsatisfactory all through. It can not be said the best man won, for Duley was out- matched from the start, and, whatever chance he may stand on a calm day, he had not the ghost of a show yesterday. Perhaps another match will be arranged between the men. At any-rate, in justice to Massey, such should be done, for he certainly did not have a fair run for his money. The course was said to be something over three miles, with two turns, and the time would have been pretty good had the accident not occurred to Massey's boat. 