ACADEMY OF MUSIC. HUDSON'S SURPRISE PARTY. A large audience, eager to be amused, assembled at the Academy on Saturday even ing, to -witness the opening performance of Hudson's Surprise Party on their return to this colony, and it may fairly be said that a hearty welcome was extended to the30 popular purveyors of mirth and song. The company counts several new faces since its last appear ance in Adelaide, and the programme' was hovel as wellas amusing throughout. Mr. T. Hudson was excellent as ever in his fun making ofBones,'? and was ably supported by Miss Maven as interlocutrix, and Mr. O. Smith as " Tambo." The first part of the programme consisted of comic and senti mental songs, interspersed with the usual jokes and conundrums. Of these latter the company have laid in a new and effective stock, as the frequent roars of laughter among the spectators testified on Saturday evening. Miss May Melville is gifted with a fine voice, which was heard to advantage in her ballad of " Dream faces." Most successful were the comic songs "McCarthy's mare," given by Mr. Smith, and a very laughable presentation of Bunthorne's celebrated .esthetic ditty entitled "The flippity flop young man,", rendered with characteristic humor by Mr. Hudson. The first part of the entertainment concluded with an amusing ghost interlude, in which Mr. Hudson's terror-stricken ".facial contortions and won* drously erectile "wool" are something to witness. In the.second part Miss DaGay rendered several selections on the piano very cleverly, and Mr. Albert Manvers showed himself a thorough skating artiste. The Tyrolean duet from "Madame Favart" was well Bung by Miss May Melville and Miss Ada Maven. The next item was Mr. Fred. Dark's musical and character sketches. This, is Mr. Dark's first appearance in Adelaide, but his lively descriptions and clever imper sonations of character, as well as his musical abilities, rendered him a favorite with the audience at once. Mr. Oscar Smith showed superior powers as a ventriloquist, andevolved a great deal of amusement out of his puppets, and especially out of the remarkable manner in which he induced them to sing " Father, come home." Messrs. Hudson and Manvera, attired as colored senators, gave an amusing scene of the break down type, which was thoroughly appreciated by the gallery. Miss Nellie Harley received an encore for her patriotic song, "The flag of Australia," as also Miss May Melville for her very able singiDg of " The wood nymph's call." An enjoyable evening' closed with the screaming sketch, " Jumbo's Arrival." The new Cni cago folding-chairs with which the stalls were fitted for the first time on Saturday night, were a great improvement in the sitting accommodation of the house.1 