RECOLLECTIONS OF CHARLES DICKENS. BY JAMES PAYN. It was in 1856 that I first made the personal acquaintance of Charles Dickens—a circum- stance which to me was an epoch in my ex- istence. Like all young persons devoted to literature, I had had my idols. As a boy I used to have visions of untold wealth, with the power of laying it at the feet of this or that writer, sometimes to be used for the amelioration of the human race (I had often given Thomas Carlyle a million or two, in trust, for that purpose), and sometimes for their own benefit. Tennyson I had thus enriched beyond the dreams of avarice ; Browning I had made exceedingly comfort- able but the chief figure in my literary Pan- theon had been always Dickens. For one thing (though that was not the chief thing) he had given me more pleasure than any writer—a circumstance which I have noticed often arouses no personal grati- tude—when a book pleases ordinary folks, they no more think of the author than when a landscape pleases them they think of Him who made it; but with bookworms, even of the most superficial type, the heart warms to the man. My late friend Calverley, the C.S.C. of Poems and Translations and Fly Leaves, then lecturer at Christ College, issued a Pickwick, after the model of the usual classical examination papers, containing the most out-of-the way details, and forming a crucial test of scholarship, He was so good as to oblige me with a copy of it, only a few weeks before his lamented and unexpected death, and gave me permission to make use of it in these circumstances. Little did I think at the time that he himself would find any place in them as one who had joined the majority. He was my junior by some years, so that I had not the privilege of knowing him at Cambridge, but in after years I often met him. We were neighbours at Grasmere for a whole summer, when I saw a great deal of him. His classical attainments were, of course, far beyond me, but not more so than his physical gifts. He was the best runner and jumper I ever knew ; but my admiration never led me to imitate him. Nevertheless, in company with W. and S., his almost equally athletic friends, and himself, I was once persuaded to climb Scawfell form Wast- water. They went up it like mountain cats, while I, (like panting Time) toiled after them in vain. "The torture we delight in physics Payn," was his appropriate quotation. On another occasion S and he were return- ing with mi xcry ititi oin night on loot irom bonn sports at Ambleside w Inn somebodj, I um ufraid, entered inuisell as a competitor foi tin mile race as Dr William W howell Innit) College, Cambridge under which name he afterwards appeared ainou" tile winners m the local pupcr it was ex ccidm^l) darl , and bung xer) near sighted 1 found it difliiultto 1 np up with tlnm and was constant!) denouncing them for tinp ice they put on Ison, S, cried Cuhulc) (whose spirits wen almos thosi of a sihool bo)) lit us bri al an i) irom tins abusive miscreant hide in the wood vomier and pre temi to be robbirs And off tiny wint 1 heir admirable intention wus to umbusli m the iioodul pass bitwiin Kulai and Gins mere, and jump out upon mi when it was duri est. lim though scant of wind I was not destitute ot intelligence I found nithdilli culti the hliort mt our the hill, b) tin \\\ islnng gate winch the) had lilt out of their calculations anl while Hie) still lay in tin thicket bint on their uefaiious siheme their proposed xictim was at home in ins bed Whenever I think of Cal) erle) I Hunk of fun and goodfelloiislup, of the nildjo)sof hung the leaping Irom rock up to loel the cool siller shock of tin pool s hung unter, ot health and )outh and stringth Alas alas Hue are some extracts from the famous examination pupcr - Christs College Christmas 18o7 ' HIE lOSlHLMOeS 1 XlLltS 01 1I1L UCklUlK CLUli "1 Mention an) occasions on which it is specified that tin lut ]3o) wies »of asleep und that (1) Mr 1 nkwnk and (J) Mr W illtr sen , ran Deduce Irom expressions used on one occasion Mr 1 liku liles maximum ot sin ed J Who were Mr Staple, Goodnin Mr Jirool s Villain Mrs Bunkin , old Nobs last iron head, joung Uantain 5 Gue, upproximutely tlio height of Mr Grummet , and, uuuiatil), the Christian names of lum, Mrs. Huddle and thi 1 ut Ho), also tin surname ot tin Zephyr 8 Gin in lull ¡samuel Wellers lirst coin plimint to Mar), and his fathei s tiili/tit upon the sume )oung lady What chinch was on the iiilcmine that first altiucted Mr Samuel s c)t m tin sliopv I) Descube the common Piofcel ma chine 10 State the component parts of Do" s nose , nnd simplif) tin ixrpnssion tal mi, a grimier 11 On liuding his principal in the Pound Mr Weller uud tin town bindii xuiiid di rntly Show that tin lutter mis ultunutil) iliminuted and slate tile number ol rounds in tin sipuiri n Inch is not described 1J in)thin" lol nu mid exucise as tlie wer) old donkey observed len tiny lol e lum up Irom his ilintlibed to euri) ten gell lunn to Greenwich in a tax catt Illustiate tins b) stating any remark ni irded in tin Pick wuk papus to line bun niaili b> a (prill otisl)) dumb animal nilli tin cncumslances under winch lie mide it lb State an) miiduils lou know in tin caieir of loin Martin butihir piuiousto his iiiiuireration 17 Gue \\\ ellir s 1 beoríes for tlie 1 xtrac tion ol Mr Pickwick fiom the 1 iect W here was his wife s will fount ' lb How did tin ol I lad) make memoran dum und of what, ut whist bhow that there wen at bust three tunis us man) lui His as hal ps in M ingleton at the time ol the ball at Manor 1 arm JJ Sin s a snelling wibibl) When did the same phenomenon occur again mid what lluul caused tin p ressuie on tin bod) in tin latter nisi 21 How lid M> Wilier senior define tin J unds and wlint new did In tukiot inlueed ( onsols In what terms is his thistle font dtbiiibid winn he ussiulted Mr buggins at tin Meeting W rite down the name ot tin Mutiii" li irno/3iToyuu¿ian» 'A good judge of cattle, benn u good jud"e ot character Nott on A sib A" -Illustrate the tlnory inxohi I b) u remark of tin parent Weller -S Deduce irom li remark lrnm Mr Wei 1er junior tin ] nu pu unie ol cubs at tin pi nod oO W ho besides Mr Pitkn ni is recorded to baie worn gaitcis 1 he pn/cs win a first edition oí Pick ni i und it will be interesting to many to Ieiun that tin two pii/eiuen were Walter Pesant and Pronssor bkcat if ¡Jitittttl were to day mu le a text book for ' exams in "enu ii tin replies would no doubt be biitisfuctor) for then is now u loneordanci for tin u hole ol Du I ens but in l8 7 then was no need of annulling for eictyoiio 1 new tlie book and quoted it I lune Hie iiunty to btlitie lind 1 bien qualified us a candid ile I should han "ained a prize at nil cunts I bad ni) Dnl ins at my lingers ends und tile notion of filling lum therein tin Iltsh-of shaking hands with lum-was positiicl) ni toxiiatnig He came lo 1 diuburgh to gue his public readings for the first time, nnd bud little time to span of course for private m tcriourse On the dening after his arm al In was so good, lion ever, as to propose a mieting 'Hie hours and da)S ho nrites "run away while I am thus occupied so impcr teptibl) that I do nothing that I propose to m)8tl£ to ilo I thought ne should baie walked ten miles togclhir by this time Jo morrow morning 1 am going to tuite my daughters out to Hawthornden and it oicurs tomo to ask if )ou could Bpaio time to go with us on the expedition ' li I had had only twenty four liourj to live I should have ' spared time for such a pur pose whli li did not Indeed seem to trencli upon my earthly spun at all, but to bl a fore tasto of Purudlse Such enthusiasm Is un known in these dayB, wherein Dickens him self us nn American writer informs us ' is no longer to bo endured, und will doubtless licito some ridicule, but for my part I am not one whit ashamed of it, Nay, contomp tibio as tho confession may appear, I foci the Burne lo\e and admiration for Challes Dickens now as I did then What, indeed, astonished even me, I remember, ut the time was that personal acquaintance with lum increased rather than diminished his mar vellou. attraction for mc In general socioty, especially if it has been of an artihcial kind, I havo known his manner to betray some sense of effort but in the company with whom be could feel ut home, I have never met a man moro natural or more charming Ho never wasted time in commonplaces-though a lively talker, ho ntver uttered a platitude and what he had to say ho spoke as if bo meant it. On an occasion, winch man) o. ni) readers will call to mind he onte spoke of himself as very human hu did so, of course, in a de prtciutor) sense , he was the lost person lu the world to arteet to possess any other nature than that of his fellows \\\ hen some one sud How wicked the world is1 ho answered I ruc and what a satisfaction it is that neither ) ou mr I belong to it. But the fact is it was tins ver) humniiit) which was Ins charm Avliutcvcr there was of lum was leal with mt paldint and whatever was ttiiiunt m others lind a s) mpathctic attrut tion foi him Hie subject however, which most in tcrestcd lum (mid, in u less degree this wus | also the ease with lhaektray) was the dramatic-nay even the melodramatic-side of huillín nature He had atones without I end t iken iiom the ver) pateof lite of quite] a ililli rent kind from those with which he ni t le his lenders fuimhar lhere are indeed indie itions of tina tendency in hiswntin_s us in the tilka interspersed in PiUui I, | in tin iib in It ned commencement of Hum ph i CIOLÍ und more markedly in Ina oe ciisioiuil alteti lies but tiley wcie much more | common m Ina private t ilk When visiting tin exhibition of Hublot Brownes pictures the other dnv I was much slruc! b) Hie fuit that nilen lndul_ii)_ his on ntastc the subjects chosen b) the artist were not humorous but sombre und eerie lins 1 fiel sun wns what made lum so it ct ptnl lo un illustrator to Dickens lit could | not onl) depict humorous scenes with feel ing but also such tnm niinginmts as the old | Hollian look mt down on dead Mr lull Hilborn and the Ghost W all at Chesni) Wold Hie mind of Dickens winch most ol I his reidera picture to tliemstlics us rtvtlliuj, | m sunshine was in ¡act more attracted tothe dnrker side ot life though there wus far too j nuch of teniality in lum to permit it to be come morbid Un the occasion of our firat meeting how evir I sun nothing of all this He was full j 01 fun and bntlitness and in five minutes I j felt 113 much at ni) ease with lum ita thoucJi I bud 1 nown him as long us I had known his books It was not one of tho da)s on winch Hawthornden was open tothe public and we lind much difhcult) in obtaining admittunce at the lodte and when we tot tothe house we were detained t'ieie a"iim and there was a dilliculty about seenu, the t'en I went withindoors and expostulate 1 but for some time without success Hie inmates I am soiry to say did not seem to be acquainted with Did ens s munt a circumstance which -tliuu.h it would only have niiidt lum louth tilt nioit-1 did not venture to disclose Hie f nicy picture which he drew of my detention m tint feudal abo le and ol the mt lutviil tortuits winch bud pro!ably been iiilli_.t_._l iilion mc mule ample amends however for what I had stillend on Inhalt of the party In the end ne s .wall that wus to be seen ana never shall 1 fortet the face of the hole ditui) (,uide and gatekeeper when Dickens tipped lum in Ina usual lavish m inner Jins ret niicr had not thought much of lum before -indeed lind obilousl) never heard of lum but his Hiilute at parting could not lune been more deferential hud the author of 1'itl ni I been t lie I onl of the Isles 1 he humours of I the du) must have made some nnpitssiou upon Diel ens himself for in a letter two | years al tern urila he lcminils nie ol the ira prinsomnet I had suffered for his sake in the gloomy cells of Hawthornden. Late that night I supped with him - after his reading - at his hotel alone, after which I discarded for ever the picture which I had made in my mind of him, and substituted for it a still pleasanter one taken from life. In the following year I published my first book, a collection of "stories and sketches," taken from my contributions to Household Words and Chambers's Journal. My next book was a narrative of school and college life called the Foster Brothers, which had a very fair success and was re- published (as everything I subsequently wrote has been) in America. They have also been translated into various languages. Perhaps nothing gives a young author so much pleasure as to see the product of his brain in a foreign tongue even though (as in my case) he cannot read it. To the satisfaction I de- rived from the Foster Brothers there was, however, a terrible draw back, in the form of a most scathing notice in the Saturday Review. It was headed, on account of certain democratic opinions the volume had dis- played- the "Bloated Aristocracy," and made me most thoroughly miserable. The writer, now one of Her Majesty's judges, has laughed with me since about it, but I am never so tickled with the reminiscence as he is. I have a great personal regard for him, but I note with pleasure that the newspapers de- crib him as "a hanging judge." In acknowledging the receipt of this book. in his usual kind and cordial anner. Dickens misspells it Forster Brothers, and apologises for the mistake, by saving "this is because I am always thinking of my friend John Forster." I afterwards received (as will be mentioned in its proper place) a still more curious proof of his devolution to one who from many points of view, one would have judged to be little in sympathy with him. By this time I had made some success as a writer of lively sketches and humorous articles; rejection, so far as they were con- cerned, had become as rare with me as ac- ceptance had formerly been and my aspira- tions began to be more ambitious it struck me that I might one day write a successful novel. This is not quite so easy, however as to express your opinion about a novel written by somebody else. The proper construction of such a work comes by experience, and never by intuition; when a young writer attempts it, he succeeds at best in writing a narrative and not a novel; he takes a cha- racter, generally more or less like himself, and describes his career from the cradle to the altar, which he considered to be equiva- lent to the grave. It is, in fact, an auto- biography of a person of whom no one has ever heard, and the only chance therefore for its success is that the incidents in the hero's life should be of a striking kind. Fortune was so good as to favour me with quite a pattern hero for this purpose, in a gen- tleman who had achieved a reputation as a tamer of wild beasts. What his real name was I never knew, but his professional one was, if not romantic, at least remarkable. It was Tickerocandua. I made his acquaint- ance when visiting a travelling menagerie of which he was the pride and ornament and we became very friendly. His life up to the time he had entered upon his present dangerous calling had been uneventful enough, but I perceived in him the materials of excellent "copy," I thought that he woultl mnke a capital ex- ample of a family scapegrace, of pluck and spirit, who, more sinned against than sinning, had run away from his friends and taken to tiger-taming. On every lawful day, as the Scotch phrase runs he was engaged with his animals - witching the world with feats compared with which the noblest horse- manship sank into insignificance. So he came to supper with me on a Sunday. Our little servant-maid's difficulty announcing him us "Mr Tickerocandua" was considerable; and when at last he began to talk of his tooth-and-claw experiences. I thought her eyes would have come out of her head. He was the politest person I ever met with, for, having helped himself to oil (thinking it to be white vinegar) with his oysters he con- sumed them without a syllable of complaint, and even with apparent relish. This gentleman was so good as to show me his left shoulder, scarred in a hundred places by the claws of the leopards as they "took off" it every day in their leaps during the "unparalleled performance of the wild leo- pard hunt." He had the mark of a bite on his arm which cost a lion its life, and his proprietor three hundred pounds. "It was a case of which was to go, the said - the "lion or me - and I struck him over the nose with my loaded whip handle." There is only one principle by which the wild beast world can be ruled, he told me - that of fear ; and should one of them once cease to fear him, his life would not be worth an hour's purchase. He had been twice dragged off insensible from an abortive performance of "the Tiger King," and only preserved from being torn to pieces by the interposition of a red hot bar ; yet directly he recovered himself he went in again, whip in hand, and subdued the beasts. " It was simply a question of showing myself their master then and there, or of giving up my situation." He gave me these details (which were corroborated by the evidence of others) with great simplicity, and without the least approach to boastfulness, and they interested me immensely. When this is the case with any subject, I have always found - after due consideration of the matter - that I can make it interesting to my readers, and in the Family Scapegrace I scored my first success. It came out origi- nally in serial form - as every novel I have ever written has also done - and has pnssed through many editions, but I believe it is as popular today us it was twenty years ago. For me, however, it has always a melancholy association, for the bright young fellow who suggested it to me met, in the end, with the fate which he had so long tempted. He was not indeed, like the bad boy in the bible absolutely "eaten by lions," but he was killed by a stroke of the paw of one, though the blow, I believe, was not given in malice. I am not sure whether his publication of the Family Scapegrace in the columns of Cham- bers's Journal increased its circulation, hut it was certainly well received, Mr William Cham- bers, however, objected to it upon the ground of its "lightness." He would have preferred the subject of wild beasts to have been more "intelligently treated," their various habitats to be described, and some sort of moral to be deduced from them; but Robert stuck loyally to his young friend and his story. I took infinite pleasure in my editorial oc- cupation and had every reason to be content with my surroundings. My family, however were delicate. Thee climate of Edinburgh proved too rigorous for their constitutions, and after a year or two I was compelled to announce my intention of going south Robert Chambers was so good as to express himself much concerned at this resolve, and characteristically endeavoured to combat it upon the firm ground of science. " You talk of cold, my dear sir, but let me tell you that the thermal line is precisely the same in Edinburgh as it is in London " I replied, with as great truth as modesty, that I knew nothing about the thermal line, but that as far as I was aware the east wind had never blown a four wheeled cab over in London - a circumstance which happened to have just taken place opposite our house in Edinburgh. As he saw my resolution was quite fixed he presently said, with a kind smile, "I am thinking of going to live in London myself. Suppose we go together, and you shall edit the Journal there instead of here," which struck me as a most excellent arrangement The only draw back to my satisfaction was an understanding I now entered into to confine my contributions to the Journal only. It was not, indeed, an unreasonable require- ment on his part, while it was in some sort a compliment to myself; but I regretted that mt literary connexion with Household Words, or rather with its chief, which had been so long and constant, was now to cease, that I was no longer to serve under the banner of him whom Bret Harte, in the most imperish- able of his stories, has called "The Master." I wrote, of course, to tell him of the arrange- ment "I have received your letter," he replied, "with mingled regret and pleasure. I am heartily sorry to have lost you us a fellow workman, but heartily glad to have gained you as a friend ... I hope that you will both (my wife and myself) come and see us at Gadshill, and compare the Kentish hops and cherries with the Scottish peachings. 