?PORTING NOTES FROM HOME. BI ROBIN HOOD. LONDON, DEC. 27. Emtiuig bricks without Btraw must have n child's play to the task Bet me of writing, wrting notes " when the fog is so thick j iat 1 cannot see the fronts of the houses on e opposite side of the way. Yet they have en racing at Kempton-park! A holiday ;eting they call it The fog, luckily, was so bad there as in town; indeed, if it had n, racing would have been impossible. f 11 am told 50 yards was quite as far as lyoiie could see at Sunbury, and the re citers ior the sporting and daily papers had 1 compile their description of each race ora the accounts given by the jockeys who jde. Fortunately, as the "sport," so called, fcs merely gate-money plating, I need not Iter to it here in any way. At Leeds a Boxing Day meeting was to ive taken place, but the fog there was so ick that a postponement was imperative, ideed, the most un-Christmas-like weather a prevailed throughout England. There no sign of frost, but a dirty, yellow-black, imp, cold fog has quietly settled down over ty, town, and country, a state of things at makes one feel inclined to jump in the Mt^s and drown one's self, if the weather (re not too horrible to allow of the Thames ;|"K reached, liut, joking apart, the weather Ir-ngland in winter is most terribly de rasing and these fogs to anyone not in the >st robust health are really unbearable, rotnankful to say I am off next week for I annual trip to the sunny south, and I pe to see the Grand Prix de Monte Carlo or at Nice on January 14, unless, indeed ^5iS£T">"'ort"eKe,,""0?, i it Dec. 28. r ioregoinE lost night, and was 6e"iug out of bed this IM ? 015 had to a great extent I am in » - -1 \kf i .l'his morning comes some rath er_ exciting l in the /facing Calendar; it iBas toi-l jwThe stewards of the Jockey Club I lvinR considered the application for renewal 1 1 feces to train horses on the club lands I I Newmarket, have granted all the appuca-1 tow with the exception of that of C. Archer, 1 Fthey h&ve; declined to renew, and that 1 . Brown, vhich stands for further con-1 t&tion.;" -1 & letter a mail ot two ego, when de-1 fw the victory of Boswelllor the Liver- I ^ as much as I well couldas 1 uiatles Archer and his reputation of being 1 -4i a member as we possessed, 1 to &ink; Mr. Long might with 1 have sent his horses elsewhere. 1 fi must deem himself pat* ^"^unfortunate ., his' late joiner, T-om \ H ib to he "considered about," and his iwl Po, is to be debarred ftom S^&t; Newmarket altoge'ther. J.18 a®°st setiouB matter for Charley VenL» v iUBt completed some iim» m?1 $ He rau8t eitner give up S^Wther, or move from New wiaiwyjnpteaaant alternative, more 4 JLi*]T brother has iust married, there at,hV splendidly; KUtL,^810";, ' Falmouth , house. toriWy chagrmfd VwvtadT onhwbrother. 1 see jockeys P^wittepiyifor ^ wwwat of tbeir Wrisi u * should not be at citcumBtances, the viti»,» trouble from a monetary st'v\\\ »Lanf ,8 ,^e hockey Club the licence muafc V'OtRwv * ' E^Srfljfesn "* ?»»«. Itortw* J Montrose ia about to erect a mausoleum at Newmarket-to receive the remains of her late husband, Mr. W. S. Crawfurd. Whether Bhe will race next season under the name of "Mr. Mariton," or continue in part the present arrangements with Sir Frederick Johnstone, is not quite clear ; but it is pretty certain that ultimately her horses will be seen running again under the " all scarlet" colours of her Tate husband. The Epsom authorities have at length con descended to advance with the times, and adopt the spirit of the age. They are actually going to increase the added money of the City and Suburban and Metropolitan to 500 aovs. each. The following seven have been taken against the field for the Derby, 1884Har vester," Wickham, Condor, Adelaide filly, Royal Fern, Brest, and Fritz, It will be seen Mr. Long'B Condor, for whom I have always had a good word, will be one of the front rank in Derby quotations. The Eclipse Stakes of £10,000, to be run for in July, 1886, at Sandown-park, has closed with 269 entries. Although this is 31 less than the 300 bargained for by the committee, yet they have wisely decided to forego that stipulation, and will give the £10,000. Of the 269 over 200 of them are now either foals or yearlings, and we may safely reckon that a large number of these will "go out" when the first forfeit has to be declared in October, as by that time something will be known of their capabilities. Of course, the crack two year- olds of this season are engaged ; they will be five years old when they go to the post, but if St. Simon keep well he should put all of that age out of court, notwith standing that Superba, the Adelaide filly, Fritz,Royal Fern, and others have shown very good iorm. Of the younger animals the list contains nearly all the highest-priced year lings of this season.- These 'include Gold smith, for whom Sir George Chetwynd gave 2,550 guineas, and the Duke of Portland's 2,000-guinea colt Rosy Morn, by Rosicra cian--Bonnie Katie. The same owner has also nominated Larigwell, by Springfield out of Furiosi). Tl'his colt was nought by the Duke at the sale of Her Majesty's yearlings at Hampton-court. Mr. Peck is answerable for the l;C00-guinea sister to the Adelaide filly, whilst t5ir John _ Willoughby has the 1,500-guineacoIt. by lloaicrucian-Salamanca, and Caneton,..a njly which iiim cost 1,200 guineas. Lord Falmouth has nominated nothing! Why I know not I should have thought it would have been his mark exactly. The beat known per formers of this year, such as St. Blaise, Ossian, Fulmen, and Bendigo, are engaged, and there is no doubt the entry is a splendid one. The difference in age and the short notice, I presume, precluded any entries from your side, but if it becomes an annual stake some of your enterprising owners might see their way clear enough to show us a Martini- { Henry. ; Foxhall has gone to the stud; he will stand; this season at Leybourne-grange. Petronel, too, has done with racing, and will, with the tT P*®? B^tle (sire of Bendigo), stand at Badminton, near Chippenham. Colonel Edward Chaplin, a brother of Mr. Henry Chaplin, died on Sunday last. He was only 42 years of age. W. H. Manser Has been unlucky enough to lose a veiy fine yearling filly, by King Alfred out of Tnckiah, by a most extraordinary acci dent. The filly was being led on the road, when she reared up and fell backwards. She, unfortunately, came down on a sharp flint, which, entering the head just above toe eve, caused instant death. is now, I see, asserted that Captain Al&cbell; has at last consented to take chaise of Mr. Manton's" horses. If so, I venture to assert that the arrangement will not last: long. The captain is a man who will have j °y,n in everything he undertakes, and the crotchets and fancies of the Duchess j will certainly not be tolerated by him. With \ regard to the lady herself, I read in one of the society journals that she means to adhere to her determination never to appear on a racecourse again, as she has not yet forgotten the hootingsat Newmarket, after the scratch ing of Thebais for the Cambridgeshire. It hardly Beems probable,* however, that she will keep up a large string of horses without j seeing them run occasionally. The old-established Chester meeting is actually going over to the new order of things, the town council having resolved to j enclose the lloodee, and turn it into a gate money affair. One or two bets have been laid since my last on the great events of 1884. Thus, backers offer to bet even money that they name the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas in four times. The bookmakers, however, insist on having a slight shade of odds. This was conceded last night, when I saw a well-known backer bet 60 to SO that either Superba, Harvester. Talisman, or Royal Fern won. For the Derby, 5 to 1 has been taken about Har vester and Adelaide filly coupled. ' The stewards of the Jockey Club seem to! be about to encourage the Arab blood, for they have advertised a race for Arabs of 25 eovs. each, with 300 added, to be run in the July week next year. The Prince of Wales 3,1 'believe, particularly fond of the pure Arab blood, nence this race, I suppose: although what good it will do it would puzue the most astute member of the Jockey Club to explain. ..'What the London Sportsman would do in the dull season without The Australasian I no not know. During the past week they nave copied tn extenso on alternate days the gf of the three first days of the V.B.C, Spring Meeting. (The report of the Mat daya racing is not yet to hand). They freely from " AugurV' Gossip. But, not content with this, they (have ron foul of poor "Robin Hood? and In a chaffing paragraph make fun of his remarks as to the number of roughs which poured into Doncaster on the Leger day. Thercall him the "scaredcorrespondent," flttipriiwd at an Australian corre spondent being the man to " establish a 7 *rJter®f "pw" in question moet Australians he has met with would he equal to "chawing up" half-a "wceoputae thieves, and miking a hearty breakfast immediately thereafter." He goes on to My be should " like to know Si" v rrf?JKnde1PtV & veW £ood for Editor 6., but.when we do a whisky together presently, w» we do on mostFridaya, 'will make it quite clear to ^ disguise your style of off ffsSv 0,181140 thUa®W,iIy tbrowhim ^ without joking, I Sportsman to tbpir own *8°' °"tb®." Scum of the .f .y to the"S|por/iHj5f Timrs of a week in which Mr. John a5d ltii,",f.rfry ***,confirms what I wrote; ^Hr^fwre all /overs of racing from visited the old country will entirely wor4 ' have so often written r»n Mill . it 5 . * ou oiren written 2??^ "Pytct Indeed, most Aus tralians visiting England define to go to Asw^ilS^SP ttBy Ro to wnSi5f ^9odw°od( or Epsom, because they would not care to to back and mv they had not put in an appearance at these well-known nxtures. Ihe contrast, however, between the able way in which things are conducted at i< Iemmgton end Randwick, and the primi tive arrangements which prevail here, is always ultimately too much for even the most ardent Ailfetralitin loVer of racing. They give it up.in disgust,.declaring that the game is not worth the candle, and although, as the Sportsman says, they are most of them doubt less capable of " chawing up" any number of racecourse blackguards, they feel that they did not make the trip home for that purpose, and so decline the unsavoury dish. There has been plenty of coursing since my ast, but really none of great interest The great events are all set for January and F ebruary. One of the most interesting was the Lichfield, and it is pleasant to find that the new system of coursing has not yet been entirely done away by the old. The Anglesey Cup was won by Miller Corbet's Wilful, by Sentry out of Wych Lass, an own brother thus to Witchery. Mr. Crosse's Cara Mia was the1 runner-up. The Uxbridge Stakes, for puppies, was divided between Mr. Bingham's Wild Rose and Mr. Bass's Bargain. The Paget Stakes, for all-aged greyhounds, also ended in a division;*vjz., between Mr. KM. Crosse's Calix, by Cui Bono out of Candia, and Mr. T. Stone's Spbello, by.. Hubert-Miss Walker. During the meeting the president-the Mar quis of Anglesey-ran no less than six grey hounds, and not one of them won a single course. At Kerrtbton,'the | Hampton-court" Stakes, j for dog ana bitch puppies," ended in a division I between Charley Wood's- (the. well-known jockey) Woodbine, by Ptarmigan-Barefoot, and another,and the Sunbury Stakes was also a divided stake, the winners beingMr. J, Sutton's Soho, by Sailor out of Queen of Diamonds, and Mr. .K Mayer's Miheral Water, by Me mento-Etzeroum. In the Richmond Stakes, for puppies, Charley-Wood was once more to the front, -for with bis bd bitch White May he divided with Mr. Horne-Purves's Miss Ada, Meetings are being held this week at Gosforth and Haydock-park, but they must stand overtill my next. There have been some interesting football matches.dOring the Idst fortnight North v. South (Rugby) \v.as played on Saturday last at Whalley Ranges, Manchester. South won by two goals and three ties to nil. E. T. Gordon, of Richmond, captained the victors. London v. Glasgow (Association) was played at Kennington Oval, and was won by the home team. | The sculling match betweenGeorge Perkins and Charles Brightwell over the Thames championship course created some little in-, terest It will be remembered these men rowed last April, and after a hard race Bright well won... In .the. match last week, how ever, Perkins ? started favourite, the odds offered on the umpire's boat being 6 to 4 on him. The water was very rongh at the start, and this seemed to Suit Brightwell, for he gradually forged ahead ana was leading nearly a length] at Hammersmith. At Chis wick, however, the water was quite smooth, and Perkins (who had held nis man after HammerBmith-bridge was passed) began to draw up rapidly, and soon going to the front, won with great ease by two lengths. Time Perkins, 25m. 42s.; Brightwell, 25m. 49s. Since my last we nave bad a series of swimming matches between Finney and Beckwitb, at the Aquarium. They have created much interest, and have drawn a Jaige number of spectators. James Finney hails from Oldham, and Willie Beckwith is a Londoner. The matches were three (for £100 aside each), viz., one mile, two miles, and five miles. They came off in the order named. Everyone here at first looked on the races as a good thing for Beckwith, but there was so much money behind the north countryman that he actually started favourite for the mile race, odds of 11 to 8 being laid on him. Indeed,--the- strong contingent of sportsmen' from Manchester said be could not be beaten; yet he'was,"and easily enough, the time being, Beckwith 27m. 15s., and Finney (22 yards behind) 27m. 37s. I should state here that the Aquarium whale tank, in which the men swam, is only 20 yards lone. The second race, the two miles, came off a couple of nights after the first race, and resulted in the samfe way. Odds of 4 to 1 were laid jon Beckwith for this, and he gave his backers but little anxiety, as he was lead ing 20 yards at three-quartere of a mile, and this advantage he maintained, and ultimately won' by 23 yards in 54m. 39s. Finney's time was 54m. ; 59s. This time is some four minutes {aster, .than the. previous best on record for. this distance. The third race was the most extraordinary reversal of the- other two ever seen. Here odds of 10 to 1 were laid freely on Beckwith, such bets fas 200 to "20, 400 to 50, and others, being laid; yet Finney, who seemed to have got used po the turning and pushing off at each turn, never pave Beckwith a ghost of a chance. Ultimately, Beckwith gave up at 3h miles, Finney being -then 8 laps ahead. The result was a terrible surprise, of course, but the times' show that it was not Beckwith's falling off," bat Finney's marvellous improve ment that led to his victory. He swam the first mile of the five in 26m. 24s. (more than a minute faster- -than the time he took in the mile race). The two miles he swam in 52m. 57a-marvellous time-and 3£ miles in lh. 34m. 35is. Roberts has once more clearly shown him self to be a "street" before tfny one else at billiards. This was in a match at the Aqua rium, in which-with the spot stroke barred -he set himself to give Joe Bennett (ex champion)-no less than 400 points out of 4,000. He von-with-the greatest ease, and with 847 points' to spare, so that he thus scored 1,247 more than his opponent Yet Bennett never. played better, and. indeed during the game made what is perhaps the biggest break on record at the all-round game, vb~;i7L am not certain I am right in saying mis is the biggest' break in a "spot stroke barjred " game]; stilj.l never remember having seen any record of a higher one. Roberts's superiority seems to be that he can always make good breaks. Other celebrated players-like Bennett for instance-make their 171, and then fall away to twenties and thirties, whilst Roberts keeps on with his eighties and his hundreds. He is a marvel, andin the'last half breoksas $1, ljl, 12$, 116, 142.180, and as many sixtlis, seventies, and eighties as you like. Bnbear is at work every day on the Thames preparing "for "his matches with Wallace Ross ana Elliott The latter does his work on tbeTjne, and is reported toWrowing in very good order.. IseethatSulliv'an, thegreatYankee slogger, is to knock down an ox at one blow for a bet of l,000dol. What will Miller think of it if be does .it f I should be delighted, however, to hear that Miller had gone to America and taken the iragging Irish-Yankee's number down by giving nim a good hammering. , Weston still keeps pegging along, doing his 50 miles a day on strict Salvation Army-I beg pardon, Bine Ribbon Army-printiples. The poor old chap has had terrible weather, and whatever else may be said egainBt him, no one can doubt his gameness. J. H. Cleaner, of Putney and Oxford, will build this year's racing eights for both the Oxford and Cambridge crews. I need not tell you that the Hon. Ivo Bligh has sailed for Australia, for he will, I think, be with you as soon as this letter. Nor need I refer to his engagement at the antipodes. He only intends, I believe, to assist at one match, and in that he will certainly be the leading performer. I know he will nave the hearty good-wishesof all Australiancidcketers; and 1 can assure you, cricketers this side the world will also as heartily wish every happi ness to himself and his future bride. 