®o-mmt$y' latelligeaee CIRCULAR HEAD . (from oub own oobbespondent.) . The annual meeting of the Stanley (Jncket Club, held on the 18th inst., was well attended, the President, Mr. H. G. Spioer, occupying the chair. For the current year Mr. H. G. Spicer was re-eleoted president and captain, Mr. T. 'Wilkins treasurer, and Mr. 'W. B. Collins was eleoted seoretary. Prizes to those who had dis tinguished themselves during the past season H. F. Ford ; highest score in a match and in an innings, H. G. Spioer ; bowling, WV Phillips ; fielding, F, Ferguson. In tho bowling depart ment, W. Phillips distanoed all competitors, and his analysis is desorving of special notice. He bowled 3(iO balls for 84 runs, taking 27 wiokets at an average of 3.3 runs ? per wipket. This is no mean performance, when it is con sidered that most of the wickets wero obtained in playing against the redoubtable Black River boys, who ban turn out a team fit to compete with any country eleven in the island. The Stanley Oricket Club is fortunate in possessing a bowler of so much promiso, and Spofforth's detention in the old country need create no anxiety in Australia.' Don't come home goon, Fred ; cricket shall have a fillip in your absence. On Monday morning a blaokfish, 20ft. in length, was stranded on the township beach, and after a desperate attempt to regain deep water, gave up the ghost. It is of no com mercial value, beyond furnishing our young men with hair-oil, and providing the residents in ? the; immediate neighbourhood' with per fumery of the oheap and nasty description. A full-grown whale has been' oruising about the bay for the last day or two looking for the Table Cape lighthouse, or waiting a rise ' in oil. Quieh sabe. , ,'..'?' A few days sinoe Mr. Edward Breheny was the victim of an aocident,' whioh it was feared might result in the loss of an eye. I am happy to say such anticipations proved groundless,' and he is now rapidly recovering from the ill offeots of his misadventure. Sympathy is ever grateful to the suffering, and Mr. Bieheny has had no reason to complain on the scare of con dolence; -Friends soothed ' tho sufferer with harrowing tales of similar mishaps, invariably resulting in partial or total blindness, while the most oherisned of ohildhood's companions assured him with deep emotion that one eye would suffice for what was to be seen at Cir oular Head. Taste is everything, but I freely admit that condolence of aiioh a character would have had a very depressing effeot upon mo. I rather inolino to the sympathy whioh Carlyle asserts is to bo found in a hoarty laugh. Anothor yarn (all my eye, too) will provide Buffloient anguish for a single contribution. At Stanley tho bullet usually terminates tho bxistence of tho cattlo doBtined to turnish us with beef. To this end a local butcher recently retained tho services of an individual who, as a carbineer or horse marine, had carnod the reputation of being ablo to shoot the prover bial hayataok. Arrivod at tho scene of notion, tho musketeer landed in tho exnot number of motions presaribpd by regulation, and etimo to the present with, tho grnoe only acquired by military training. Thuio was a blinding flash 1 a terrifio bang I and a sightless bullock toro madly around tho narrow enclosure An angry imprecation broko from tho butoher, and, tho delightod marksman Hung his hat in tbo air. as ho yelled — ' A bull's eyo, by Jovo!' In future our butcher will shoot his cattle with a pole-axo. ... Ootober29. 