TRIP TO THE VICTORIA RIVER IN THE S.L. " FLEETWING." Bv C. E. G. Is most cases of vessels fixing on a time for sailing they are generally about two hours or more after before fairly getting away ; but in our case 8 o'clock a.m. was the nour fixed, and at a quarter after we were steaming round Fort Hill, having in tow the smart lugger " Veronica," loaded with stores for Messrs. Fisher and Lyons' station on the above-named river. The tide was against us, but having a slashing breeze we made good heading to Point Charles, when the wind headed us, and a nasty westerly swell set in, making it tough work for the launch to get along towing the lugger. However, we gradually crawled along past Fish Reef (the scene of tho wreck of thc s.s. Brisbane), rounded Quail Island, and stood across for Point Bruce, bringing np at 9 p.m. in Fog Bay in 9 fathoms of water. And, my word, what a night we had of it, for about midnight the tide turned and thc vessel shipped rollers over both sides, everything loose banging and smashing (about until one would have thought the world as far as we on board were concerned had " given up thc ghost." As soon as daylight broke we could see that wc were off Grouse Island. On the following day (July 2nd) we got under weigh at half-past tí a.m. with a strong S.E. wind and a nasty sea'on, thc launch cutting rare "capers" as our course brought the sea abeam ; but wc struggled on manfully until wc got under the lee of Point Brace, where thc tide was against us, but the water smooth. From here we slipped along the passage between Peron Island and thc main land-a passage I would advise no one to take unless well acquainted with as our captain (Mr. H. W. H. Stephens) was, for we found during thc trip that thc chart was not to be relied on in regard to the depth of water. Thc chart was right, no doubt, at thc time ol survey, but considering that 40 odd years have elapsed since then, it is hardly pos- sible for the channels to be thc same After getting through thc passage wc picked up the Red Cliffs marking the en- trance to thc Daly River, whore wc anchored in 5 fathoms of water for tht nisrht. July 3rd.-It blew very stiff during thc night and was still howling when wc got a start, but there was not much sea on until i thc tide turned, when it rose a very nasty lop; so much so, in fact, (hat thc engines ' had to be stopped, the engineer being unable to keep thc water in the injector, and wc had to drop thc anchor for a couple of hours. When we got under weigh again both wind and sea had gone down ana we sounded Cape Ford about 2 p.m. and stood close in down thc coast, it being a beauti- ful afternoon and thoroughly enjoyable after thc rough-and-tumble in thc forenoon. Wc brought up about ti p.m. close into thc beach 14 miles south of Cape Ford in 9 fathoms of water, but very rocky. This wc found out after anchoring, as tho i .Veronica's tow-rope caught on sonic roeks. when she slacked up and, though wc tried all ways to clear it, wc had at last to cut it. It strikes nie that thc S.E. winds blow much stronger out here that iu Port Darwin. July 4th.-Got a start about 7 o.m. and kept close in under the land, the wind having steadied during thc night and thus the water was comparatively smooth. Wrc slipped along splendidly till within a mile of Cape Dombey, when, relying upon the chart, we passed between a high patch of rocks and the land; but it was a narrow squeak, for we passed betwecu two large rocks just under the water. Ono could have jumped on to either of them from the launch, though thc lead gave 4 fathoms full a ship's length cither side. That scare over, wo gave Cape Dombey a wide berth, passing it about lO.'tO a.m.. and rounded Cape Hay at 2.15 p.in., keeping a a good look out for thc mass of rocks that are marked on the chart, but wc kept close iii and did not get less than 7 fathoms of water. The coast between Cape Hay and Cape Pearce has never been sunned, tho chart describing it as indistinctly seen ; but thc land was pretty high and well timbered iu places, and about four miles I from thc cape there is a large opening l>c tween some sandhills- whieli appeared to be cither a river or inlet. Wc coasted iu close, getting 7 and 8 fathoms all thc way, and brought up about six miles north of Point Pearce at 5 p.m. in 7 f athoms, July 5 th.-Had a good rest, as thc vessel rode steadily, and, thc tide not suiting till J) a.m., we were able to get breakfast over comfortably, for in a small craft like tho Flcctwing it's no easy matter to cook for nine people whon there is any sea or swell on at all. Weighed anchor at 1) and slid along with thc tide to Point I Pearce, expecting as soon as we opened I thc gulf to get a good tnssei. Ñor were wc disappointed, for thc tide rushes round at five knots an hour, and, with half a gale blowing, thc rip of tho point was one of the biggest I have ever seen ; and- it was a good job thc engineer (Mr. lt. Sauuders) had his eugine- in such 'line order, for every time thc vessel rose on the big seas the propeller whirred round at a tre- mendous rate, shaking everything like a rattle. This kept up for a mile or two, but when wc got clear of the rip, finding the tide setting us strongly into the light, wc I set what little sail we had on board and I kept away to the southward and westward until a quarter to 6 p.m., when, having picked XL]} a low sandy island, we anchored m 7 fathoms low water and kept anchor ! watch, not being certain whether we were in thc entrance to the Fitzmaurice or I Victoria. July 6tli.-Did not make a start until ll a.m., when the tide suited ; Jmt at day- light we discovered that we were at tlie north end of Quorn Island, and I reckon ! there arc few strangers, cspcciallv in Port Darwin, who, having thc wind and tide the I same as us, and a big lugger in tow loaded, i would make a better hit of a place than our skipper did. The tide turned at ll a.m., so we steamed along Quorn Island and well over to Clump Island till we opened up the channel, getting nothing less than 5 fathoms. Everything went well until wc got off tlie south end of Drtft Island, when we touched and went over a sandbank, thc chart giving 2 fathoms and j the tide being half-flood. It is a fine I looking entrance, the big ranges to the eastward contributing to the effect ; but still there arc plenty of shallow spots, os we found out to-day, though at half-flood a good sized craft has plenty of room to beat in or out. "Wc kept on at half speed until 5 p.m. and there not being (as wc j thought) sufficient flood to take us through the narrows, we anchored in Queen's Pas ' sage, eventually going in through the Eastern Passage, thc tide not being so strong as in thc Queen's. Thc weather is very cold here in comparison to Port Darwin, and I should fancy it is much I healthier by thc chronic state of hunger i one is in. July 7.-Wc hada pretty lively night of it, for wc had to let go the anchor in 5 fathoms, thc tide setting us into the narrows and there not being sufficient time for us to get through before dark. The chart told us there was no anchorage about anywhere on account of the tremendous tide, but I am of thc same'opinion as the skipper and believe that for a craft of our own size there are several nice little spots to poke into out of the strength of the enrrent. At about 12 p.m. we -tooferthe ground astern and then she commenced yawing about all over thc place, till at last with a tremendous surge she dragged the anchor, bringing it on her port quarter and listed over athwart-thc tide of course. There was nothing to bc done but wait and watch until slack 'water, when we hauled in tlie slack chain and waited till she swung, then paying out again and re- tiring for a few hours. At (5 a.m, we got a start with a stiff S.E. wind blowing against the tide, causing a nasty choppy sea, which, however, did not last long, for we soou swept into thc narrows and went through like thc wind, the tide running 7 knots au hour and we steaming at least G knots, ami it took thc captain ail his time to keep her straight, the turns in thc channel being Tory short. I do not think there are many places in thc colonies where the scenery is more taking than here. It is really very grand ; thc swift sliding water, the valleys and cliffs with all the different shades of early morning playing about them, made this part of tho trip very enjoyable, more especially so knowing that we had 20 fathoms of water under us. We took ad- vantage of every bit of the tide and got as far as Holdfast Ecach, the place where H.M.S. Eeaglc (during thc time she surveyed the the upper part of the river) was anchored 40 odd years ago. There are some wells marked on" tho chart, but wc were too busy putting things straight after the trip to have time to go ashore. We left here again at 3 p.m., but only got on a few miles as thc river was quite (hy ahead, and as it was getting dusk the captain decided to anchor for the night and did so in. 5 fathoms. This was sufficient for us as the rise and fall up herc is only lu' feet at springs. Thc chart we arc going by was drawn out in 1830, so that in plaees where it gives plenty of water there is hardly any. This is only natural, for a river of this sort is sure to be full of shifting sand banks. According to the measuring of the chart wc are now 50 miles up the river, and tho country appeal's to be opening up; tlie first bit of a flat we've seen is just now insight. Have so far seen no game of any sort, not even blacks, though thc fires of the latter arc plentiful all over the ranges. There are any amount of bohab (commonly called; " bottle tree's") to be seen all along the banks. July 8lh-Started again about C a,ni. at half-speed and got about two miles further, when we ran up on a sand bank,, immedi- ately went astern, and had the luck to get off easily ; but before wc eould get her head round thc tide took her on again. Wo went astern again, but the same thing happened, and, having thc lugger lashed alongside, it made the launch heel over so much that it became risk}'. "Wc put the dingey, over intending to try and find a channel, but the launch, got broadside on to the tide, and the dingey with the force of the current was lake ii clean down and floated away-in small fragments. Having got almost off by heart the account of the trip of tho Hough Toni schooner up this river (where she is described as having got so damaged by constantly grounding on sand banks that she was condemned at the first port she went into) oiu* captain deciden I that the risk was too great; to take the j launch any further, as there were several worse places higher np ; so, as Ihe ride was done, we steamed back to Holdfast lleach and anchored in thc place wc were before. In the afternoon our captain, with live men, then started in the lugger, and we saw them disappear round the point two miles away just at dusk. I, for one, felt rather down in the mouth for the disappoint incut of not being able to get the launch up thc river, and also at having tot wait in suspense not knowing whether the. lugger party would ever show up again. july i)th-~Went on shore to day a little before dusk to try and get a shot at some- thing, I saw nov "signs of thc wells, nor water, but from the formation of tho country there should bs plenty to be got by sinking in any of thc gorges. I had not been away a quarter of an hour when I heard a lot of cooeing from the launch and so ran back to the beach, being just in time to save thc dingey from going for ever on a cruise on her own account, notwith- standing that I made her as T thought, very secure before I left her. If she had gone we should have been in a nice mess, as it was thc only one wc had between us, Mr. Stevens leaving us the lugger's dingey to replace the one wc lost. No blacks showed up, but there were plenty fires to be'scen on shore not far off. The echo in this river is something marvellous, in places lasting for 15 seconds and then dying away with a sound liko heavy artillery. We could not even fish here, as thc current is so strong that a 7lb lead will not touch thc bottom unless thrown well ahead. There is a place just below us that we came through called Whirlpool Reach ; and it is properly named, for it is ono mass of whirlpools, some big enough to swallow a small dingey ; even the launch, with full steam was swung about anyhow. July 10th-Went on shore to cut down a bottle-tree, but, though it looked small from a distance, I found when I got to it that it measured 9ft in circumference, so I withdrew my former intention of¿cuttiug it down and put my initials on it, as well as the name of thc vessel, and thc date. I found out that the same tree had been used by someone before, though their marks had almost grown out, thc only thing I could sec being a square and what I fancied was "Bea." July ll th-Nothing fresh. July 12th-Same old game, passing thc time as well as wc can, the engineer having a thorough overhaul of the engine. July 13 th-Mr. Stevens returned with the Veronica. He only succeeded in gett- ing 30 miles further up thc river, and then had to give it best, there being no water to 'entice him to venture further. The river from here up requires a flat bottom boat, such as arc in usc on thc Murray, so that when they ground on the banks there will be little or no danger of them capsizing. July 14th-Wc have been cutting wood for launch and sinking for water. Good water was found in the third hole sunk, the first being through sand and caved in, the second salt as brine, aud thc third splendid water and a good supply at a depth of 14 ft in conglomerate about a I mile from tho beach. i-rr July 15th-Still cutting wood.. This I commodity is very scarce, not only hero but everywhere about thc river, and Mr. ¡ Stevens had not seen . any thing like a quantity os far as he went. What little there is, is very small and consists principally of gum, plum, india-rubber, quondong pine (good patches for building purposes can be obtained inland in some of the gorges) and a great many hobab trees, some being 12ft through. July lGth and 17th-Getting wood down to the beach. July 18th-Got the launch as high np on the beach as possible and started loading the wood at (J a.m. I've boen at some hard work during my time, but nothing, to equal thc task of loading the launch, carrying tho wood through 40 yards of soft mud, which became more boggy every trip wo made, until at last it was as much as wo could do to carry a log at a time iiuoughit. We finished thc jobjit ll a.m. July 19th-Thc tide rose this morning nearly up to spring tide mark, and so we floated off without the slightest trouble and anchored in 5 fathoms, all ready for a start back. 3Ir. Stevens' men ashore aro making a camp, as it is intended to form a depot to bo called, I hear, " Fisherton," and there are five men and the lugger left . herc. It is a very nico site and lias the advantage of being open land and comr. mauds a good view of the river eight miles, either way, Iiesides having a splendid anchorage. Niggers showed up to some of" the men at thc well to-day, but would not come close. July 20th (Sunda}')-A good:day and a. gcod job. Not that I am. siek of it, but there is nothing to be gained by staying, any longer, and I would rather shift and look for some more hard " deliviug. "' We steamed off at «.30.. and after an¡ I uneventful xoyage. arrived here on tho. [,24th, thus ending father au enjoyable trip.. 