1RoveIst. DAN LYONS' DOOM. -4~--- ' By WAII' WANDER. -4--a-- CHAPTER III.-(C.o'srn UED.) fEt there was that in the woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that was a warning to a closer observer. It was a hard face, a crusel face, an sbstinate face, an utterly untrustworthy face. If ever imorance and prejudice, and a total want of moral conscieousness were stamped upon features they were stamped in the coon. tnance of IMrs. Brady. Each of the three children that seated themselves at the table round her on the occasion of which I write . had some resemblance to the mother; bat the cnscspulous cnnning of Cornelinus, the ani nml vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable pssions that gleamed in the eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in the old woman's face. As the man we call Father James seated himself opposite to where she lood she leaned on both hands as she rested them on the table and bent over it toward his bowed face, as she muttered angrily between ha eret teeth: "So it's on you again ? Oh, blood of the elever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, the night is comin' on an' it's freezin' ye a?re1" The bitter scorn of the tones wasfelt keenly by the man to whom they were addressed, and a glance was flanshed from his awful eyes into the woman's that was terrible to meet. "By--" he cried, if you weren't my mother you would haunt me too, for I'd kill you I And as it is you'd better be warned, for yo may go too far some day, and my life is -f little worth. She started back as his clenched fist was etmck so violently on the table that the dishes were disturbed, but at a warning movement from Corneliusher mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. "One can't say a word to you at all, James, these times," she said; can't you take a joke from your mother?" "Jokel " he repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from the table. 'SAm I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger I Joke I who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's rope round their necks ?" and he slammed the door of an adjoining room bethind him, leaving his supper un tonhed on the table. MIs. Brady's face grew white as chalk, and she fell into a chair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. "What has come over him at all, Conn," she cried; "he's not the rame man since we come here. Oh, my God, do you think he'll go back on us after all ?" and she rockedher self to and fro despairingly. "To tell you the truth, mother, I'm getting afraid," replied Cornelius, as he attacked his food with an appetite. "I hope that the black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and repentance in his head." "If I thought so I'd tear it off his back'! A son of mine turn white livered ? A man with my blood in him turn back from the re mEnge I swore him to on the cross ? If I thought so, I'm his mother, and I'd knifehim with my own hands." She looked as if she would. She seemed quite capable of any deed as she rose and shook her right hand out clenched against the air around her. As her long fingers gripped each other, then so they would doubt lees have gripped an enemy's throat had it been within reach when the hot blood was boiling in her veins-the same blood, as she had truly said, that had made Father James a haunted man. And Nora ate her food hastily, and scarcely hearing a word that was passing round her; for She was med to her mother's temper, though she was not in her secrets, and never troubled her head as to what aroused it. At the present she was too much occupied about the admirer her brother had given her in his idle chaff, and calculating the effect of a dress ehe intended to don on the morrow with the sole hope of exhibiting herself in it to the on conscious Irishman. As for Mrs. Brady, she had forgotten the preesence of her youngest until it was recalled to her by a motion of Cornelius as he spoke in a low voice. "You forget, mother, that somebody is here." "Oh Nora ? She never hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees any thing, God help her, but her own handsome face in the glass. Nora I Nora, I say I" "What ? "returned Nora, with a start on her return from the realms of fancy. "What wor you thinking of ?" Tady Connor," promptly replied the girl; ad Comrnelius rose from the table with a loud lugh that made the angry blood rush into his siter's face. CHAPTER IV.. ioE rTOIUNE-TELrE n OF sOurer no0e. THE hut ishigh up on a spur of Great Mount Buban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by rees and big brown rocks, half cdvered with green moss and gey lichen; it wasbuilt of heavy timber slabs, and coverted by sheets of box bark, both of which showed the weather. Worom hue of many years. From the front of this hut on the side of the mount one of the grandest views around Iemsrranga was discernable, and if it had been built for the purpose of espionage, no sit. etion could have been better chosen. The township lay under the eye like a green map, dotted with little white cubes that repreoenaed i dwellings, and right across the long line of b the gleaming creek, past St. Herricks, and j op the elope where the lone cemetery lay, not ahuman being could move without being traced from Nan Griftlth's hot. The very gully where lay the long.deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reach- far across the plains boonded by the low, purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day; in 1 short, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. t Two or three days after that on which my ? story opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a a blook of wood outside the door of the hut, and I ander the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over her un canny-looking figure. She was a very old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak a there was a hood that coduld be drawi at .will a over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crutched stick. The old creature was tooth less, and her skin was- shrlivelled up on her face like can-tanned leather; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently as v serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. \- Se was mattering and mumbling to her. - self in a dissatisfied way that made her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gave d her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when a she saw a woman climbing up the track a among'the trees leading toward the hot. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty- a five, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helplesslook in her face that would have won k the sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem v to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. "What a time you've been I Faugh, the women there is in these days 1" i] "I was as quick as I could be," Ellen I Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near the hng, " and I'm as tired as k death." - "Death is never tired, you fool, and you I always are,"-Nan growled; "and now you sit there staring before you without telling b me a word; did you see the child.' "Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him.". "Where was he ?" a "Up in the cemetery at-the Colonel's grave." ' " By himself ?" "No, he was with Resignation St. Henrick." a \- The reply seemed to stun the old bag with surprinse. d With Ilsignation St. Herrick I With her of all the children in the world 1" and then a t harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfolly.? "It would be grand," she screeched; "I wish I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough, I'll make a policeman-a trap of a him.' "A policemnan l of who?" t "Of Dan I would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer I" Ellen looked at her motherwith a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the bag went on as though she had. " Oh it's awful isn't it I yeaour mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would ( hunt to death the man you loved. . Paugh I you white-livered worm, that Would turn and lick the hand that struck yon; are you a child of mine at all?" Ellen was neused to sech talk, and she said I nothing save what was expressed in the worn 5 to death, weary look in her poor white I face. "Tell me what you heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her i daughter's arm and shook her violently; I !' open your month and speak, fool that you are." "What am I to tell aboutfirst ?" "The new people at St. Herricks, who are I they?-quick." - - "Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herricks-rented it of Mr. Pollard." "And is it true that they're going into the old ground again? " "Yes." Thehag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nat- crackers as she shrieked "I'll throttle yon if you don't speak out I whathas come over you at all fool? Have you seen a ghost-the ghost of Colonel Herrick, eh?" "No, but I have seen a face like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. - "You don't mean that he has come back Ellen?" "No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in the eyes only. When I wae looking for little Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harrick's, and found a young girl looking over it as it watch ing for some one; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." "Well i you spoke to her of course ?" " Yes, and got a good deal of news-out of her, but before I left her mother came out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dnn Lyons." ' "It was in your own e yes you saw a fool," said the hag scornfully. "You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying." "She's a young girl, and a silly one, the Brady girl; but you'll soon see iear for your self, for I told her about you, and she's sure to pay you a visit. She thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her thait a man is in love with her." "What man ?" "Do. you remember Tady Cohnor, mother ?" "That Conner that worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed ?" "The same." "Something is going to happen I' exclaimed Nan, wildly. "No wonder I dreamed of strange things and Law strange signs I Go on!1" IOnr " :. .. "When Mrs. Brady called thd girl inside I went on toward ths-cemetary- ?and-I-et Cobnnohlmself on his miy from the Gully.'' "Did he know yenou, Ellen ?" " Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream." "Aye? hsewas always a soft fool, but an open-handed one, too, so he's welcpme." "If Idon't mistake, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up the steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount aoban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone by; for Tady was one of those not unusual characters in whom are combined deep ro Sligious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his Signorant mind was sorely exercised on account Sof a strange dream he had had a few nights I previous. "How pIr. Leonard would laugh at me," he was muttering to himself in gasps, as the I steepness of the hill tried his uInngs severely; S"he don't believe in fortune-tellers or witches, I or anything, but seein's believin', an' well I know Nan is a witch if there was ever one in [ this world." When he reached the hut there was no one in frons of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respectful knock, dnd nearly I jumped out of his skin ias he was bidden by name to enter.' : - . "Come in, Tady Conner." : "What am I frightened ofi'" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. "01 course Ellen has come back and tooId her she seen ms.' - When he entered the low, dim room, with the clay floor and theamoke-blackened rafters, he saw that there was a. small fire on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he I turned at a sound thatmade him shiver-to see Nan Grifliths standing on the thresholdof an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It was the cat's unearthly "me-a-wl" that had made Tady shudder from head to foot. " Welcome, Tady. Connor," said thehag, as she advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. ' The seas have rolled between us for long years, and now they have brought you back again." I "They have, ma'am," said Tady, as he made a respectful scrape with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they have left you look- t ing so hearty." "Time makes no odds to me,' she said, as she drew a seat to the table and sat down, while absh pointed to another forbher visitor. "I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." : Tady would havie liked to ask her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to speak again. "You want to consult me?" she asked, as she put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. " Speak out what it is while the humor's on me." "It's. a drame I had, Mrs. Griffitho-a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' know in' well how knowledgeable you always war, I kem to ax you about it." " Allright," she replied, as she drew tr' d her with a skinny paw the coin Tady 1 laid near heron the table. "Skull, fetc heJ master's books." "The latter command was addressed to the black cat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit'and "' wa-ow" viciously in his face. S"Down, Skull," cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of dirty cards from it. "Now, Conner, tell me your dream." "It's twice now I've dramed it," he said. turning his face away from the cat, who still glared at him. "I thought, do you see, that I was down inthe old shaft at work,and that with every spade I dog I turned up the head of a man. I thought- that I always expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the shovel, but whin it conie up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ?" asked the hag solemnly. .. . "Yes, I did." "Whose was it?" "It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " Something is going to happen' -Tady Connor lI" she said, almost repeating the words she had used to her daughter. "The dream was always the same? " ' "Always, ma'am." With her jaws munching and mumbling horribly the fortune-teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered face, that it was evident she possessed some belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. "What man is plotting against you?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she scanned the cards. "You have been speaking to him lately, thooph'you have not touched his hand-who is it?" and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. "I don't know, Mrs. Grifiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day buo my young master, Mr. Leonard Prosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer.'", "You spoke to no one eleh?--mind what you say, Tady Conner." "Be this an'bethatl" asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, "Sure it wouldn't be Father James 1" "Who is Father James ?" Nan asked sus piolonely, "and what right have you to be talking of clergymen here? Why, the very cat knows you have named one-look at himl" In fact the biack eat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me.a-wing and spitting at him. "Spake to him I quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's I sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentle' man' that has rehted St. Herrick's an'.is livin' there wid his family." A sodden remembrance of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady made the old hag grinto herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the read.. ing of the cards she had laid down. "I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it oncemore,' she said, "but beware of a dark man that is iplotting against your very life." "Howwill Ifind out who he is?" asked Tady, anxiously. "Through a girl," replied Nan; " 8a young girl with dark hair that'sin lovewith you." "'With me? It's jokin' yon are, ma'm." SDon't I look like a woman to joke ?" was the angry retort. "There's a girl in love with you, and you'll see her this very day, for she's waiting and.watching for you at this moment; and now go, for lean tell you no moie at present. When you dream the third time come to me again." Tad? gotup, and having nttered-bhisthanks, gladly hastened out of the hat. His soper-. stitious terrors of old Nan an.d her cat, al though partly overcome by the wbonderfolly good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant' one, and he -siastenea-sown. ;.e~-o;st5 -,-ate rI to think over his unexpected good.fortune. Good fortune,indeed, and at last I Ithink Ihave told you that Tady Conner had num bered some thirty-five years, and. during many lustres of those years it had been his I hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love very many times. - Tady's heart was soft, but those of the maidens who I scorned his turned-up nose, his crooked fin I gers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In vain had he year alter year pictured to himself some lovelyinamorato I transformed into a loving wife, and called L Mrs. Conner. One by one his hopes had been I blighted, and his person mocked or laughed I at, yet here was a young girl with dark hair \- in love with him-actually in love with his Svery self, without being asked or even known at all I I Delightful thought I but there was one drawback-he had a rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting Sagainst him, and warned him against. " "Of coorse it's some chap that she won't Slook at on account of her love for me, the Sdarlin' l" he soliloquised. "I wonther who I she is at all, at all? but, sure, I'll know soon, for I'm to see her this very day,"?and poor Tady, believing in Nan Grifliths with all his little heart, went down the hill rejoicing and looking all around him for a sight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of the bushes or rooks watchin' me the crathur,"he murmured with a fond smile, as he took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff locks. "It's well Iput on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particn lar," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, as he gave the ad mired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to the township-doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweet heart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for tho.op posite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up the hill path, and now watched his return with a beating heart and a coriscious smil on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as we know, an interest for Conner that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he paeed it, he forgot the for tune teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man vwhom everyone had loved. In the very-middle of these sad thoughts, how ever, he heard a slight cough, and with a sud den return of his warm admiration of his un known' inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of the "ahem." Had there been an observer of the meeting between 'Nora and Tady he must certainly have been an amused one;-. The girl was craning her neck over the felice in trying to fallow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and giggled. - Tady. struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only be tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under the thick tirees that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. "Are you Tady Connor?"simpered silly Nora, as she scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am; mavourneen, I ain'm that happyman," cried Tady. "What makes you 6o happy ?1" "'Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me I this blessed day." "He-he.he l" He-he-he.wasn't much, but, with the ac- I companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. "Arrah, don't be laughin' at me asthore; sure, you'll bralk my heart if you do 1". And with a good deal of granting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. " "I'm not laughing at you. How did you know I was here?" Nora asked, as fhe ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tail of his coat a little previously. "Nan tould me ogra, an' sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but he was wondering all the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. "I say, agra, who was it tould you me name ?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, "D- Conn, who ever he is." "But who is this Nans you are talking about? Is sheyou're sister?" "God forbid l" and Tady crossed himself devoutly, "arrah no, astheore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount loban these twenty years, an' she's afortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated .Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a prn 'dery she was far from experiencing. "Go away with youn --it's a shame for you, and if mother or Cowm was to see you, both of us would bekilled." "Divila careI care I Who's Conn ?" asked Conner, with a scornful twist of his augly nose at themention of a name he had identified as a fancied.rival. "I'd be sorry to ver the mothei ov me darlin' girl,but as for Conn-to the divil wid him, I say I Who is he, at all, at all ?" - " Connismy brother, didn'tyonknowthat? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." "Oh, Lord I is Father James a brother of 'yours? But afther all, why should we be afraid of him or anyone ? I'll keep company wid no dacent girl except for dacency, and sure he could marry as if he was agreeable." "Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, atlthe idea of this ardent wooing. "'Tis early in the day to be talking of marry. ing when I've only seen you a minute or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." !'Oh, I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Who's that .". SThat was someone shonting shrilly " Nora I Nora 1" in the direction of the house. " 'Tis me mother I I must go or she'll kill me." "Stop one minnit ashtore. Whin'll I see yonu agm ? Tell me quick now' b~ore you go. Sore I'll be thinkin' it months till I see your beweheful eyes an', your darlin' face '"I don't know, I'm often'here atthe fence, and if you'll whistle I can come mostly any time in the evenin'." " Oh, the lovely erathur I" murmared Tady, ad he gripped the-top raiLof the fence and stared after the quicklly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. "Ien't she the darlin' of the world to take a fancy to. me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?" and. the name re. minded him that h' had bhtter not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longer, so-he tore himself away and made for the township. CHAPTER V. THE DEAD ?ULN'S CURSE. Lone cemetery of MIrranga, where the few dead sleep far from the world they may know no more, and where the rustle of the long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footstep. There in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bush Land, and the breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save by the young of Sthe wallaby that sometimes venture to peep : from among the rocks that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater Sthan that of MIarranga graveyard, where a Sdozen graves had sunk among the grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed, d i n that one, on a head-stone of white marble, stood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard the last resting.pleace of a St. H?errick. That spot alone in the grass tangled enclonsure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desola tion. The black letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been one in the vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning, and I the man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyard. :Indeed he seemed in no haste, forhe toiled up the slope as one afflicted with weakness,and when he had reached the gate, restedlong on it, gazing I toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black semi clerical coat. It was the new tenant of St. Herrieks, the man known as Father James. - Perhaps he did not mean to enter at all. He stood there so long, and so motionless that he night have been as dead as that man over whom the white stone stood, for all ap pearance of life that he exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudlyin the grass, and greet ing the early sun-with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon thelimb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to somie distant mate. The green paroquet fluttered -and chattered among the branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them oi hear anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head ulost a little way to see who were thd unwelcome visitants to a spot he had believed too lone to bring asingle human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair Resignation St. Herrick who came toward him, thooghhe did not know it then, and beside herwalked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Close beside RIesignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiciously scan ning the stranger as the trio neared him. Iesignation warlattired as she had been when I first namid her. A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat her flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of some light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, and a handsome bright face, browned by the sun, and ruddy with health: " Hush, Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers," Eesignation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl "He will not bite you, sir." Father James made no reply, and the chil. dren passed him to enter the gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a secondglance,butResignation pausedwithher soft hand on the still open gate. " Woauld you like to come in, sir? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see,my dearfather's grave?" "Your father's grave l Why should I want to see your father's grave, child?" The words were spoken so sharply that the child drew back a little; during all Resigna tion's little life these were the first words she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and she fixed her large calm eyes upon the man in a sort of mild wonder as she replied, ." I beg your pardon; I thought you were the gentleman who has taken the house where papa used to live, and that you might like to see his grave." " Who are you, child ?" he asked .in trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of a more ghastly pallor. "I am BRsignation St. Herrick," she answered; "ony father was Colonel St. Herrick." "Stay, I will go with yon," he inurmered, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed herto pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what was passing in that man's heart-if she could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have said? He followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest's eyes seemed fixed with such a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. SScaxssD -,- BAnrED To Trre ML OnYO ". Or .COoNosm TuEonorE ST. HEaMoex, Foully murdered at Marranga, S June 1lth, 186 "Vengeance is MWEc, I will repay, saith the LonD." - The child saw that his eyes wvere tracing the words, and waited silently and respect fully until he turned his face away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his back to the headstone. - The boy looked at Father James with a. suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teeth, though silently, doubtless from respect to his youngmistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the stranger with a yearning pity that her soft question explained. "Did you know my dear papa, sir?" and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. " You have perhaps lost a dear father, too? but not-in so sad and cruel a way as I lost mine. Oh it was crueI, cruel." "It was worse than cruel; it was inhuman and sowardlyl" cried the lad, striking the trowel on the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis; "and ifI was a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake." . S" Who are you ?" askedthe priest, suddenly as ie turnedhis face toward the vehement speaker., ,"Me? My nhame is Daniel." ' "And Daniel 'is my friend," explained Resignation eagerly. "He has always helped me to keep papa's grave nice, and when he is a man he is going to find papa's murderer and get him punished." She said the last words in a low, emphatin whisper, looking round her as if fearful of being overheard as in a matter of the most secret consequence. "Yes, I shall find him," Daniel declared, proudly. "Old Nan wants to make a police Sman of me to run the villain down; but I shall find him without being a trap. He may hide himself anywhere, but I shall find him, for it is fated that myhand shall put therope about his neck." S"How do you know ?" asked the white Sfaced.priest almost in a whisper. "Because granny has said so, and she is a reader of the stars--they cannot lie, you Sknow, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinct if ever the villain comes near me." "Was Dan Lyons the name of the man awho-" and he nodded toward the head. atone, though he did not Iturn his eyes jto ward it "Yes, didn't you know?" Resignatiop asked wonderingly. "He was poor papa's mate in the clam, you know. It doesn't tell about it there "-and she pointed to the stone-" but mama has told me all about it over andover agaid. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive-papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dying, and mama has the note book yet. Just fancy what it must have been to be crushed down in the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking of mama. and me all the time I Oh, poor papa I But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer can never, never go there." "Are you sure of that ?" How eagerly the-question was asked I with what trembling lips and craving eyes I "Of course he can't I" cried Daniel; "he must go among the devils, for he was one of them i he was no maul didn't he bury the Colonel alive and stand looking at him -and taunting him while he was dying ?" Only a devil could do that" I - "Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent," Resignation, said doubtfully; " if he is sorry and asks God for Christ's sake, He may for give him after a great while." " "Neverl I all the sorrow in the woild wouldn't undo his sin or make a dead man live again I Besides, if he was sorry he would have stood out before the world and confessed his crime 1 " From one to the other of the childrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What could he be looking for? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's mercy was sontend ing with her righteous abhorrence of the man whose crime had made her fatherless. "It was cruel," she repeated, as she patted the mould around some plant. on the grave beside which she now knelt softly, "and it it was not my poor papa he had killed, I night be sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for me to be sorry for him." "Sorry for himY I wish I was old enough and-and I'd--" "Vengeance is mine," repeated Resigna tion from the stone; "mama says that as surely as God's sun shines in the sky God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the mur. derer."'? 8till from one young face to another the man looked voicelessly,-the children now tending the flowers on the grave and not re garding him, but each engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. . "Did you say your name was Dan?" S"Yes, I wish it wasn't I why did they call me the same name as that murdering wretch? I won't have itl" . - "I never call you Dan," said Resignation softly; "Daniel is a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man." "Your name is Dan?" persisted the stranger; "Dan what ?" "My name is Daniel Griffiths if you want to know," the boy replied defiantly, for he re sented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. " "What is your mother's name?" "Ellen, Ellen Grifiths; she is old Nan Griflitha' daughter." (To be continued.) 