IINI THE WAIF; rra. * OB, THE FORTUNES .OF A CASTAWAY. By WM. C. HONEYMAN, Author of " For Fame," " Under the LampB," "Little Nell," .&c;, Chapter VII.—A Chemist's Mistake— Another Temptation to Dr. Allison. (Continued.) The boy dicTnofc hear him, and ran on his way whistling. In that instant of time the doctor's mind had swerved. " It is fate," he said to himself, and he shouted no more. He slowly picked up his own bottle, paid for it, and left for his carriage. He would drive back to his patient and deliver the medicine in person. He dropped back into the luxu rious spriDgy seat of the carriage, but it was no rest to him. Why would his conscience not be still ? What cursed fate had taken him to that shop at such a moment? Ten minutes later or earlier and he would have known nothing, made no discovery, had no responsibility—no fresh and more awful guilt. Back to his patient's home was no great distance. The coachman descended and handed in thejnedicine, and was in the act of jumping on the box to drive back to the Hew Town, when like a flashij there came to his master a momentary vision of his cousin Flora's face. It was not a spirit or a ghost: it was a mere whim of memory, which pic tured every feature of her sweet face before him—the eyes open, bright ar\d enquiring, the cheek3 rosy and pretty as he remembered them. The doctor's head was out of the carriage door in an instant. " Stop 1" he shouted to the coachman, in a tone which startled the man more than the command. " Drive to Ho. —, Oauseywayside, quick as they ?11 go 1" He would give Flora's child a chance, for life; he would leave her to fate, sparing ho effort in his power to save her, and so cleanse his soul if possible from the new crime. Per haps he was already too late, ahd the poison circulating through her worn frame. A pang of reproach shot through him at the thought. "I might have left.all to fate," he muttered. " Scarlatina—that might have taken her away, as it does hundreds of others every year. Why did I not[speak out 2" The carriage stopped at last, and he was out with a spring. It was a common stair in a poor locality, reminding him of old times and former patients. He hegan to ascend, look ing for the name plate, and as he did so a boy's whistling came down to his ear. Another stair, ana they had met on the landing, and he recognised the chemits's messenger. He did not wait to speak, but thundered at the door just closed, bearing the name he sought, as if he would have knocked a hole in it. Betsy answered the knock, and he pushed into the poor abode almost without looking at her, and saying some apparently mad and incoherent words about medicine. In the inner room he saw Job at the bedside of a sick child in the act of pouringout some medicine into a spoon, and his hand was on the arm in a moment, the spoonful spilt on the door, and the bottle in his hand. " Betsy! Betsy!" cried Job, looking at him reprovingly. Even in his excitement the doctor was 'sur prised at the mistake till he noticed a dull ness about the glance of Job's eye—a kind of stony glassiness. " It's not Betsy," he said, looking curiously into the vacant eyes and smiling faintly with out receiving any response. "I think you have forgotten me—Dr. Allison." " Oh, indeed, so it is," said Job, with a slight flush. " You must excuse me but, my eyesight is grown so bad that I can scarcely recognise my best friends, far less " " But he's not so bad as you would think," said Betsy, with a tear creeping into her eyes. " Hot blind, you know—not blind," "Blind indeed," cried Job, with a laugh slightly forced. " What] an idea. Hothing of the kind. A mere temporary inconvenience. Have had a good deal of care and watching and nursing of the child lately, that's all. " You've giyen her none of this medicine I hope," said Dr. Allison, passing over the subject of Job's affliction for that nearest his own souk "Hone yet; it's juBt arrived," answered Job, with new.concern in his tones. " There's nothing wrong with it, is there ?" " I am afraid there may be," was the cau tious answer. " I happened to be in the shop when it was being sent off. It was made up by a mere hoy, and I was horrified when it was sent off to learn that it wa3 for internal use, as I am almost positive that he has put into it a corrosive poison by mistake." '• Good gracious J what an escape!" ex claimed Betsy, seizing the bottle and be ginning to pour its contents down the;sink in the adjoining kitchen.- " Poison! and it would have killed the darling, and the fever would have got all the blame," and she looked at Dr. Allison with suspicious eyes, as if half believing that he had a hand in the mixing of the poison. "How thankful we ought to be to Dr. Alli son for saving her," said Job, with his hands trembling and tears making his dull eyes quite lustrous as he felt for the doctor's hand to grasp it in the warmth of his grati tude. "Yes, very thankful," responded Betsy, very. The doctor bent over Winnie with a curious feeling. She was decidedly a pretty child, and he could see in her features and eyes a de cided reflection of the face which had flashed upon him like a vision in the carriage. He touched her wrist, questioned them regard ing the previous stages and symptoms of the disease, and finally said some words which almost made Betsy relax in her stern manner, and Job go down on his knees to worship the doctor. Winnie was in good condition and likely .to recover; the crisis of her trouble wa3 past, and all she would now need was careful nursing. "Which she'll have, if any one ever had it in this world," said Job, with his whole heart in his mouth, " Oh, what a weight you have taken off my heart; I could dance with joy! I think I even see better," he added, to make believe that tears had a clearing effect On the eyes. "You'll get my eyes to help you, father," said the sick child, speaking for the first time, and smiling sweetly on Job. "You know you always say they're bright enough to serve for two." "What is your name, dear?" said the doc tor, trying to look straight at the bright eyes, hut failing. "Winnie Markle," was the prompt reply. " And you're always good and kind to your father and mother, I hope?" said Dr. Allison, coldly and formally, with his thoughts else where. " Good to them ? I love them bigger than the whole sky," said Winnie, impulsively. •'Kiss me, father for lam better, and not to be shut up in a box and put into the ground." Job obeyed with alacrity, and Betsy fol lowed his example. That spectacle was too much for the doctor—the poorly furnished home; the blind engraver in shabby and well patched clothes; and the eager and brimming love of the child. He retired towards the outer door, and Job accompanied him. He had not been working for nearly six months, he admitted—his eyes were against him—but as soon as they got well it would be all right again. With a great pang at his heart or his conscience Dr. Allison felt for his purse, and took out two gold coins, and tried to press them into the old engraver's hand. At first Job misunderstood the gesture, and thought it was to shake hands; but when the coins touched his fingers he drew hack as if they had burned him. "Hot for the worlds, doctor! not for worlds," he exclaimed looking deaply hurt. "Ihave still a little left, and anyway I shall never come to that. Good day, and many thanks." (To be continued. J 