CRUMBS. ? I ? ? _ . ? t The venerable Rev. Mr. David Winters, of Dayton, Ohio, recently married his four thousand nine hundred and eightieth couple, and after the ceremony wished the bride as much happiness as had been the lot of her father and not lees estimable grandfather, at whose weddings he had had the pleasure of officiating. Dun's report of the mercantile failures in America for tbe first quarter of 1S84 is as follows United States, 3,295 failures in- a ——total -liability of 40, 000, OOOdol, Canada, 461 failures for 5,000,000dol. liability. Since 1881 the increase of failure has been in the United States 66 per cent., and in Canada 150 per cent. Texas reports the following as a ghost story, the locality being Turnersvillo '-Ju8t at the moment of the dissolution of a Afrs. Reneau, six coffins were seen to come i and ^hoyer over the house and then glide ! gently~~upward to the sound of sweet and melodious music.' Several reliable persons claim to have witnessed the spectacle. A Brisbane correspondent writes to the ? Ftderal Australian thus : — We have' had great hopes that within the next few weeks the British flag will bo once again planted on New Guinea, this time with Imperial .sanction and approval. Two of the three men-of-war which are here at present are I '£? believe waiting for orders, and it is not unlikely that the orders will be to go oh to New Guinea and take formal possession. A remarkable series of letters from Garibaldi and one or two other leaders in the cause of Italian' unity is appearing at Hamburg. The lady who is giving them to the world has assumed the pseudonym of Elpis Melena. She had a curious career. The daughter of a Hamburg banker, Fraiilein Brandt left her home and country land gave herself up to the cause of Italian '^unity. maintaining a constant correspondence With Garibaldi. From a recently issued Parliamentary return it appears that the police of England and Wales consists of 682 superintendents, 1,488 inspectors, 3,412, sergeants, and 28,381 constables. The total strength of the Scottish police force -is 32 chief constables, 110 superintendents, inspectors, 358 ser geants and 3,257 constables. Last year 220,922,640 lottery tickets were . sold by the lottery offices in Italy, on which 71,826,633 francs were staked, being 2 francs 44 centimes on an average for each of the 22,000,000 inhabitants. The winnings on these ventures amounted to 44,411,528 francs, leaving a net profit of 27,415,154 francs to the state. Only 44 winnings wero above 10,000 francs each, the highest two being one of 78,000 francs made in Turin, £nd?the other 50,000 francs in Naples. While the ' Queen's' Book' is already in ? its fourth edition, general interest is being excited by Mr.. John Murray 's-'promise oT the.publieation shortlyjof tbe'' Hemorials of ^ the Princess Alice,' under the editorship of Princess Christian (Princess Helena). The \- volume will not only include a translation /of the work recently issued at Darmstadt, —/-but- will contain manyadditionallettersby ^the lamented Grand Duchess, principally addressed to the Queen. ? The London Times has received informa ? \tion from a well-known Hebraist at St. Petersburg that Dr. Harkavy, of the Imperial Library, has discovered some frag ments of the Hebrew text of the. Old Testa ment, written in. characters quite different from those contained in all known manu scripts and inscriptions. Those fragments were sent to him for investigation by a pri vate person. Fuller details, with photo graphic productions of the fragments, will shortly be published by Dr. Harkavy. A new: motor is to be applied to the domes tic sewing-machine. This consists' of a ribbon of steel, or, in other words, a simple -Bering, which, being wound up by a handle, will drive the mechanism for an hour at least. The action may be stopped by a brake or the motion slackened by a regu lator. The adaptation of this contrivance will be of great service to the seamstress, and obviate the necessity of working the mechanism by a treadle, which must pjfove fatiguing if long continued. This, like many other so-called novelties, is not alto gether new. A description of a sewing machine motor appeared in the Victorian Patent-office records some ten or twelve years ago. In this case also the motive power used was a coiled-up spring. Readers of the publication issued by the Patent office will perhaps remember the name. It was a love match which the Duke of Albany formed with the winsome Princees Helen. The Principality of Waldeck is a \- very small one, and the future Duchess of Albany had been brought up amid all the Simplicity of a patriarchal German household. When she arrived in England her sweet, childlike face gave ample assurance to all who saw her that the Duke had been fortunate in his choice of a wife ; and so it proved. The cares of married life fell upon thFyoung wife very soon after her wedding, for she had to nurse her husband through a new attack of his old illness. However, a i child was born to her in 1883; and this little baby j girl now remains to her as a ( solace in her cruel and most unexpected 1 bereavement. It may be called unexpected, for it was always hoped that the Duke of Albany might outgrow the ailments which had afflicted him from his cradle. Impounde4 at Binalong on 19th May, from Bobbara Flat, from haystack, by Mr. A Kennedy : — Black horse, bald face, hind feet , white, w over f (f reversed) near shoulder, broken, aged, 15 hands, expenses 13/. To be sold 1 2th J une. . Impounded at Grenfell on the 16th Mav, ' from' 'GfenfeTl common : — Brown m&ve;, Black points, small star on forehead, scar on off shoul. er, branded n near shoulder. Tc be sold 3th June. 