gjgBgin Til i. LADIES' COLUMN, VISIT TO THE STUDIOS, (No. 2.) A vory interesting morning con bo jnat now jawed In examining tho collodion of paint ings by Mr and Mr«T. C. Hutch, and which are at present oa view at Mr Flfctchor's li«c- art eollory, They aro twonty-four in number, andiu most c.vcs exhibit undoubted moriu La Grand' More, by Mrs T. C. G-uch (.'i» C, 13, Yatos), ia an aduiirublo speciiuou tit an aged French twwaufc, who ha.i kuowu little also ihtvn hard work throughout her tonic life Tho groy skirt and jacket ot rough material, with the wldo bluo apron ami airipod hoadrosa aro a all so like what is toon in overy-day lito in franco that tboso who bavobcen in that charming country feel as if carried back to pleasant scjuos oi long-past days. The kitchen ia equally well depicted, and, with its solitary occupant cu- gagod with her worn and withered hands in shelling peas, presents a thoroughly typical interior of a French cottage. "Surely he has sent mo a letter," is tho title of a subject by Mr T, C. Gotcb,whoro, in the winding path of tho grouuds surrounding a pretty house, a girl is anxiously questioning au oldservant,\vho,Her basketinonenaud.iBbidingtholongcd-fur tiding in the other, whilst sbo parrios Madotnoiaollo's inquiries with a demaro faco that yot is work ina with secret ammomont and fun. Thogir in nor trailing block velvet and grey shawl held loosely over nor head presents a jstrikiug con trast to tho servant in her quaint costume, which is vory faithfully pourtrayod, La Miaro Bacchus, by tho sarno artist, reproeoufcs a cheery old woman, with withered red chocks and kindly bine eye?, that look pleasantly at the pazor, who almost oxpects "La Mioro" to break out into soroo familiar jxtiois. Mrs Gotch has soverat smaller exhibits, 'moDget which may bo mentioned, as specially worthy of praise, Barbizoii, celebrated as hav ing boon chosen by tho groat French artist, Millet, as the homo of tho closing years of his life; A Sunny Morning, an exceedingly clever bit ; Newlyn Quay ; Early Morning. .1 soene that must win admiration ; and a Vil lage in Cornwall. Mr Gotch has two other large subjects, both admirably treated, and exhibited fur the first time. Mental Arithmetic was painted lad summer and designod for tho salon of this year, bat it is to bo bopad that the artist may bo induced to leave his charming work in Molbourno. The picture seems instinct with fresh sea breezes and clear air. An old fisherman just returned to shoro sita on on upturned bwkot holding tho cap of tea his little grandchild has brought him. His rugged, weather-beaten faco is lull of amuse ment for bo has just puzzled his companion with the (to her) difficult question, "If a her ring and a half c«st throo-halfpenw, how many can bo bought for n shilling ?" Tho girl's rosy face wears a holf-aifroutod, half- thoughtful expression, which seems to increase the fisherman s delight. There aro no ottrao tivei surroundings in this picture; the whole charm centres in these two figures. An exhibit that wins even more upon tho observer is oca entitled Sunday Afternooo, showing au old Cornish woman on her return from church sit ting listening to one of her grandchildren reel ing frcm tbo Biblo that is so evidently the joy tf her old age. Her placid face aud cla-?pod , fcaffu' the "good tidings" are truo rest td i;w, the slow and hcsiutingrendor- ing of the ctJ-dish Hps have no power to lesre tl.o s )3lhing Tho black dross and bonnet ana etripea Ml scam to point her out oa the God ft!111? . widow cf seme brave Saber who baa lost hiif til? Jr) t-HQ I oreaii beside which her long life has probably tarn pissod.GBsth ithcfo paintingc, as xvJl as Mrs Gotch's, " Grand Mere," would be J wclconih additions to our gallery. 1 A Btranded'Collier " and "Write Health, Sir,"- aro very clover exhibits by tho «nmo artiet, who also shows v»mo capital etchings, ono of which, called ,r What is It?" amusingly depicts a family- party (to whom grand-papa has been relating ghost Btories) peering with awe struck faces into cho doop shadows of the room, and whispering to ono another .'the timid question that gives tho titlo to tho sketch. . . E.A.C. 