:BIS HOP MOORHOUSE ON THE SALVA- i TION ARMY. ! We supplement the report, which appeared in 'our issue of yesterday, with the following [ex tracts from tho Bishop of Melbourne's address at tho meeting of the Church of England Assembly in reference to the Salvation Ariny : — 1 I must say to you a few words about spiritual organisation which is .working; vigorously in'. 'our midst, and which, by the tremendous power of its enthusiasm, is sure to affect all' our . work'for good or ill. The Salvation Army lias, I think, a special mission. Its avowed object is a very, largo one — to make, every man love God: Practi cally, "however, its labour ia confined almost 'exclusively to .the lowest classes in our cities and places of /considerable population. All its methods of appeal are shaped with a view to l-eaohing , those classes, wiuning their interests, and bringing them into the kingdom of God. I cannot lisliovo that its religious patois, its military ritualism, its noise, and disconcerting familiarity can ever be mado tolerable to men of thought, culture, and largely developed religions reverence. If I had to judge this movement by its adaptation to any olassos but to thoso who are lowest iu culture and intelligence, I should pronounce it. a huge mistake, and siiy it was destined to disastrous failuro. But I do not judge it thus. I look upon it as an effort to win classes which the Cliristain churches have hot won.. And sp considered, it must be judged very differently; its means must bo estimated with reference to the object which they are in tended to attain. And now I must say of the Salvation Army, in the first place, that I believe it to bo inspired by the noblest impulse which can direct human energies — by tho . desire to make sinful men love and follow Christ. (Ap plause.) I see in its leading ministers and agents a holy self-denying enthusiasm, which, on the largo Bcale, is nowboro equallod at the present time. When I read of the bold assaults which they make on the very strongholds of vice in this city— of delicate women risking iusult and braving disease that they may rosouo their fallen sisters from the grasp of loathsome vico and reckless violence — I feel my heart go out to them in love and admiration. (Applause.) They are God's children. They are Christ's people. If the Master wore hero, I am sure that He would own them and honour them, and sot them above me. If they don't shame all of lis into more earnest self-denying efforts to fight the groat foes of Christ and humanity, it must be because our hearts are cold, and we havo lost the glow of our first lovo. Again, I must say that in reading thoir book of doctrine and discipline I have toon very much struck -by the sancliliod common sense which to n very largo oxtout leavens its teaching. It is old- fashioned Evangelical Christianity, with a few of its oxcolloucies, and also with souio of what I should cull its objoctionablo foaturcs, left out. Tho firmnoss and fullneas with which it insists upon liolinoss of hoart and life are most ohocr- ing. Antinomianism as a doctrine is, I should say, impossible in tho Salvation Army. It is refreshing to soo with what trenchant common sense Mr Booth domolishos the idea that a man can bo living a twofold life — tho ono porfectly holy, and tho other utterly floslily. It was also somewhat of a surprise to me to find that this authoritative book ropudiatos tho doctrino of sinless perfection, it is true that wo still find in it tho claim of' " entire sanctification," not only as ou aim, but as a realised fact. JJut when we. come to ask what is meant by " entire sanptifjeation," we. find a meaning attached to tho words which is ' different from that which they naturally convey. It is a kind of sanctifi- oation, wo are told, whioh admits of growth, and which answer's to the pulling up of weeds in, a garden, in order that the more profitable' plantB therein may mako hotter and more fruit-, ful growth. There is; of course, a great deal of confusion in this representation. The groat! weed is selfishness— tho gOod plant is luyo.j Selfishness cannot be entirely plucked up while! lovo is yet imporfect ; for the only thing which hinders the perfection of lovo is the presenco of selfishness. Wo must be prepared, howevor, in a popular movement 'like this forsomo confusion of thought and expression. If the Army Manual would only: adopt sonie" less misleading words than " ontiro sanctification" to doseribe its meaning, there Would ho' little to quarrel with upon this point. But . I fear the kind of people for whom th'e '.book is' written will not easily distinguish between tho "sinloss perfection," which it condemns -'and the it' entire sanctifica tion" which it affirms. There are again some excellent. jVfhctioardirectionB in tho book for the conduct of mission servioes amongst the poor. What can ' be better itlian tho reminder, that " anything will be pardoned by the mob rather than dulness 1" Or what better directions could be given for the avoidance of duliicss than such as these : — " Short; sharp speaking, full of facts and illustrations." "Plenty of lively, sharp singing to plaintive or merry tunes — song. tunes for nrnffirtmrn " Plonlir mucin Mucin always means i'lito and interest and nevor loses its charm." -:i" Never practise nor allow tom foolery." Might not some Of our rubric wor shippers study with advantage ; such directions as these when laying their plaii9 to get hold of tho less educatud classes ? (Continued ap plause.) Nothing, to my mind, can be better than our ordinary services, judicially shortened and varied, for people of education and reverent cliaractor. -But these services are entirely out of place when an effort is made to get at the rougher classes of our alienated home heathen. (Hear, hear,) Use the church's services at the times ; appointed for them, by all moans. But what is to prevent any of us from having short, sharp-speakuig, lively singing, and plenty of music - ut mission services, out of the ordinary hours: (Cheers.) There is full liberty of prophesying .for the clergy, full liberty of sing ing for the people, and if any one should think himself restricted as to.- prayers by. the clergy man's promise that in public prayer and ad ministration of the sacraments he will use the form in, the said book prescribed, and none other, except so far as shall be ordorod by law ful authority,". I shall be glad to authorise- suitable prayers to be said out of canonical hours, as far as I may:,' Of couse, there is much in this book of the .: Salvation : Army .'of whioh no English churchmati' cUh approve." There" -is a great deul of narrow asceticism. There is a' con tempt for the results of- honest and reverent thought which -is, nothing less than amazing.' Unless; I; had road it,; I would- not have be lieved that" an'" intelligent' man could' have ad vised his officers never to read the newspapers or anything connebted with secular and religious literatnro, but' to confine themselves to the study of tlie.-Bible, the Salvation Hymn Book, the general orders of the" army, and the War Cry. (Continued laughter.) Again, what oan anyono oxperienoe but sorrow and recoil at such suggestions as the following, in respect; to bills. and_ posters. After! the recommendation of glaring -colours, and ' so forth, 'it is suggested' " they can bo carried about on an umbrella, on a man's hat,, round his person like! a church bell, with his head out at the top and his feet at the bottom — (laughter)— or in ten thousand:, dif ferent forma..", And then; after.: these, precious- suggestions, it is added, to stir the imagination and stimulate ingenuity, " Invent for your selves." (Laughter.) Could the man who wrote those words have bad- in bis mind his- 'own exoellentiriild,i!.u;There' must", be nothing which would, not be, in perfect harmony with the feelings of , Jesus Christ,! if 'He were present with you-in 'the ''flesh;":' Can anyone imagine Jesus Christ . .sending his apostles through Jerusalem so bedizened, or, tolerating the kind: of testimonies and the scenes of uproar, which are permitted, .and! even encouraged, at, many meetings of the' army ?! That is just what repels me. l ean make great- allowances when I re member the mental inertness," the' rude vulgarity,: and gross animalism of the classes principally addressed;' But I cannot believe that muoli whioh ie done at army meetings is in 7 agreement witlr tlie feelings of Jesus Christ and L grie'vo! to see noble men and women,' whom I' love and admire for their, work's sake;' condescending' to suoh unworthy vulgari ties for any.oaiise whatever. I fear that instead of diftihg "what they call :'.' the mob '! -to Jesus Ohrist'.s level,. they wil: in time let the mob pull it down to its own. One thing more I must say has astonished and pained me in the doctrine of the - Salvation Army — the manner in which it; deals '' with the sacraments " of ' the Christian' Churob. Scanty enough surely , is the ritual wliich'ouf Lord appointed, and how, those whose, proceedings are throughout so ritualistic ' can treat their Master's appointment in this par ticular .'with such contemptuous disregard I am unable to conceive. The question is asked in the manual, "Does the army consider baptism as a duty which must be performed ?" And the answer is, " Decidedly not'.'-' But who wns it then who said; " Go into' all the world ' and make disciples of all nations, ' baptising them into the nume of' the Father; and of the! Son,' and of the .Holy Ghost, and teaching them to" observo all things .whatsoever I havo commanded; you ?";, "Jesus phrist, says, make men disciples by. baptising and by toaphing, The army says teaching is' enough, baptising is not necessary.; I .haye-iiiarked. a. grave, deficiency in the doc trinal- system of., the; Salvation Army. It is right, for our own warning and instruction thnt: we should -note it. Otherwise ; we might suffer our people to fall into views which mutilate the fair system of Christian . truth, and into ways whioli may lend to the perilous neglect of plain Christian duties. But do not think that I have made these observations in tlie spirit of antago nism. Very readily , do I admit. that it would be difficult to find a Christian bhuroh whioh. is not obnoxious to, criticism ; and even more- readily that our own : comparative coldness, formality, and want of elasticity are shamed by the enthusiasm, and praotioal resource- of the Salvation Army. (Cheers.) The men of it I must needs love for their love of Christ, and for their' valiant and devoted self-sacrifice. Rot the less, however, yea, rather all the more, is it necessary to notice nuy capital defeots in a now system ; for nothing is moi-o common or more dangerous than to let the goodness of a man cover the de fects of his doctrine. I am not even without hope, so evident is tho honest intention, so marked is the good sense of tho compiler or compilers of the the Army Manual , that some of tbe errors whioh I havo pointed ont may be umended, and a grand effort of Christian love be mado all the grander and more powerful, all the more secure and more usofnl, by conforming more closely to tho mind of Christ. 