JACK FLYNN'S STORY. By R. P. WHIT WORTH I don't know,' said Jack Flynn, slowly, as he thoughtfully pressed the tobacco down into his pipe with the end of a black horny finger, 'I do not know that I do know much of a yarn, not to call it a yarn, seoin' as how spinnin' yarns is a lino of business as I've never paid much attention to, but if you don't mind, why I don't mind, telling yon about tho biggest fright I over got in my lifo. Bat before I bogm I want to know does any of you chaps believe in sperrlts ? I don't moan operritB to drink, 'oos I know moat on you does that, but I do mean real right down sperrits of dead peoplo, ghoats, you know. Tho men looked uneasily at oftoh other, but no one spoke. 'Very well,' Jaok continued, 'then I'll say as you don't or you do, as tho o&se; may be. I don't, leastways, I didn't until— but that's the yarn. Most on yoa knows tho Monoroo plains. I moan that part of the ' .Maueroo about the Snowy River and there- : abouts.' . There was a general murmur of assent, and Jack went on : ' I waa dewn thero in sixty-two, a kind of knock-about-man on old Allen'a station, and a rough timo I had ot it in them days, you may bet. Just ftbont then, yon may remem ber, tho Araluon diggings, away up to the north'ard, were giving oat, and the number of swagmon wo had making their way ovor to Gippsland was ft caution to enftkoS. Of oourso thero wore somo good mon among 'em; but, taken altogether, them Araluen diggers— leastways, thoso of [em who came our way — were just about tlio worst lot I evor set eyes on. They seemed to me to bo tho very aweepings of Australia. Sponge and cadge of course they did, and you couldn't much blame men who we're right down on tho bed rook for that; but steal, by goshl thoy were tho biggest -thieves unhung. No thing came ftmiss to 'em. Nothing Was too hot or too heavy ; and I toll you, it heeded you to keep your eyes skinned when any of 'em were round; and, as some ot 'em gene rally woro round ; we'd a lively timo of it, you may guess. Well, one day, just before sundown, I waa standing talking to Andy Carr, the men's oook, when wo saw, coming over tho rise, two swagmen. Of course, we thought ihey were ooming down to ask to stop in the huts for the .night, as usual ; but, to my surprise, when they saw us, they turned off from the track into a little patch of scrub, and there they camped. At the distance when they turned away, we oould neither of us make 'em out very distinctly; but I had aharp oyea in thom days, and I could see that one of 'em waa a little blftok-a-vised chap, with -a moustache and a goatee beard; the other waa younger, and had light hair and no beard. I couldn't tell why, but it seemed to mo that ho turned pala like when he caught sight of us, and that tho other spoke to him sharply; then, as I said, they turned oft' sharp. into the bush. ''I don't, half like tho looka of those chaps,' said I to Andy; ? it looks to me as if they were aftor no g»od.' ' ' Well, mato,' saya Andy, laughing, ' thoy won't find much to collar here ; tho last lot nearly cleaned us out, but I'll keep a bright lookout.' ' But they didn't trouble ns. Thoy made a fire, boiled their billy, and whon I loft the hut thoy had, so far as wo oould see, .wrapped themselvosup in their blankets, and gono to sleep. I started away for the house, as I nsed to bunk in tho kitchen ; but somehow I oouldn' t get them chaps out o' my mind. When I got to the house I told Mr. Bell, tho super., but he laughed at me, and told me to go to bed. So I did, bat I .couldn't sleep. 'I'll have a peop at thom chaps if I dio for it,' says I to myself ; so np I gets, puts on mv clothes, and slips ont. It was half moon, and from where I stood on a bit of a rise I coald see the gleam of their fire through tho trees. I dodged round tho back of the house into a belt of scrub, and crossing tha track behind tho rise, got into the bush on tho other side. After tbat itwas easy enough — I soon reached tho patch of Borub where thoy woro camped. I was too far off to hear what they said very plainly, for they wore talking ; but I heard one call the other a fool, and it seemed to me the other was crying. I listened, but eould only make out something liko ' doable back— crosa track.' The ono who was talking had ii rough harsh voice that I fancied I'd hoard ; boforo Bomewhere, but couldn't toll where. At any rate thinks I, 'I'll know it again wherever I hoar it,' and away I stole baok to bod. ' 'Next morning I was down at tha cook's-, hut, and thero, sure enough, the two men wero still at their oamp having breakfast. By-and-bye thoy paoked up thoir swags, and: passing the hut at a little distance, went off: along the South road. . I tried to get a better * look at 'om, but thoy'd both got their billy cooks pnllod low down, and I couldn't see' mnoh of 'em. I did seo, however, that tho : young fellow looked uneasy, and as if he was trembling with fright. ''If thoso two blokes ain't been up to: something, or ara going to he up to some-1 thing, I'm a Dutchman, ' said I to Andy; Carr, but ho only laughed in his quiet way, and Baid I was always a findin' out some mare's nest or othor. 'I aftid nothing, but took a quiet walk to whero tho men had camped. Thero was nothing thore. but the ashes of the fire, and I turned away, wondering what made me so. dubious ftbont them. Hallo I what was that lying undor tho grass tussock thoro 1 , A knifo, a common wooden-handled sailors'1 Bheatli knife. I picked it up, and examined! it. Nothing particular, except that it liadi tho two letters J.S. roughly cut into tho haft,: and that tho point was broken off. Lord I i mates, of what littlo things the big things of thia world are mado up. I was nearly throw ing it down again as worthless, and if I had, — whow 1 'Later that day oama another patty of: awagmen from tho North. They called at' the hut, and onquired if wc had seen a party of three pass lately. Thoy were surprised! when wo told them about tho -two. men we] had seen, and still more surprised when I: dosoribed them; and showed them the knifo Ij had found. ''That's' Joe Steel's knife,' said ona of! them. ' I know it well. I had it in my hand] only three .or four days sinco, catting upj tobacoo. But the point wasn't broken off j then, so far as I recollect. But where the) deuco has Phil. Dovine got to ? He started; with them, or waa to do, anyway I j The swagmen went on their way, and Ij kept tho knife, why I hardly know, but I did,; and in the buaincss of the station tho matter! almost passed out out of my mind. Almost;. But tbat same night a curious thing hap foned. Standing on the verandah, I thought saw a figure suddenly dart across tho road from below tho hut,- into the thick scrub. I don't know what possessed mo, but I followed leisurely in the direction of tlio last night's camp. I conld see nothing, hear nothing, and on reaching tho camp I was about to go baok, fancying my eyes had deceived mo. Kothing, did I say ? But, by George, there waa something. Somebody had boon there beforo mo. The ashes of tho fire had boon raked up, ftnd still bore tho marks ot tlio scratching of human fingers. I «tood otlll and llstoned. Not a sound, not even tho falling of ft leaf. I oooeyed. No answer. I searched tho bnshos, but oould find no trace, even of a trodden tnssook or a broken brftnoli. All was still, silent as death. ' Now cornea tho strange part of my story, and thoso who don't beliove it can— do the other thing. For my part, I say and swear that it ia true, unmistakably, literally, true, every word of it. I ' About ft woek after I had found tho knife, and by this time I bad noarly forgotten all about tho whole affair, I was sent out to find ont the camp of a mob of stray cattlo that had not been seon for some daya. I mounted my brown mare Jess, took with me a sharp little collie slut that I had trained to traok cattlo, and away I started. First. I went south, bat could find no trace ; then I struck off for the westward, and after honra of scrambling up and down tho ruggod spurs and gullies of that rough country, was lain to give it up in that direction. Keeping northward ftlong the foot.of the range, 1 soon found myself in a patt of tha country of which I know next to nothing. It was a. wild, scrubby place, tho last in which to find a cattle oamp, and yet I porsoverod. I knew these were a valuable lot, and fta I had often said that with fny dog I conld hunt tha beg gars ont anywhere, I felt my reputation at stake, and determined to find the beasts, evon ii I had to camp out for it. .Hardly heeding where I went, I travelled on until nightfall, but, as I knew tho moon, which was now in her third quarter, would rise soon, I kopt on my route. After ft timo I got myself, I know not how, into ft. thick tangle of low scrub and open forest, whioh seemed to stretch on for miles. I was as one in a dream, and rodo slowly forward, almost unconscious of where I was going. The moon had rison, and her pale light Showed me at a little distance a olump of thick timber, and into this, I rode boldly. Thon, and not till then, I realised that I did not know where I was, that, in fact, I was bashed, and to make matters Worse, whilst I was in the very thick of it, a cloud suddenly oovered tho moon. Still I rode a little further, until right in the very heart of the forest I came'to a swamp. Go ing back was useless ; going forward impos sible ; so I leisurely took off tha saddle and prepared to camp. To my astonishment my mare was bathed in ft foam of perspiration, and was trembling in every limb like ftn aspon leaf. Just then, too, my dog, Which I noticed had crouchod close to my feet whon I dis mounted, let out a long, dismal, unearthly howl, the like of which I had never heard be fore, and which seemed to coho and re- echo through tho bush. I felt ft queer sensationof awe and terror creop over me, my hair stif fened on my head, and I could feel my heart knocking Against my rib3 at ft fearful rate. 'What was it ? What was it ? I appeared to be in a dismal black pit, surrounded by a ring of grinning, gibing skeletons. I knew these were but the white stems of the swamp gums, and yet I was ftf raid even to look round, for fear I should see something that should blast my very eyeballs. ? My horse wa3 trembling more violently than ever, and my dog, still crouched at my feet, howled long and loud, and more dismally than before. I seemed to be gifted with a second sense of sight, for although the moon was still clouded, I could see everything beforo me, the blaok reedy swamp, tho white gums, the waving tree tops beyond. Everything. 'A third time tno dog 'howled, ftnd this time- so wildly, so weirdly, that I felt as if I should sink into the ground with horror. But what was that. Was it fact or was it fancy? I dared not look, and yet I conld neither turn my head nor close my eyes. ' There, right before me, not twenty yards away, I.saw, as it were, a mist slowly rise from the stagnant swamp ; slowly it grew on my sight, slowly it formed itself into a pal pable shape, the figure »f a human being, of a man, pale of face, bat with a long Drown beard sweeping over its breast, the breast on. which was a dark lurid mark from whioh welled a red stream. Slowly, oh, so slowly, its features became clearer and clearer, until ' they were burned into my very brain. Slowly it lifted its hand, and then with a curious waving circular motion, pointed downward to the spot on which it seemed to stand, and : then as slowly as it had grown into sight and form, melted away, first into mist; thon into impalpable air. ' Not nntil it had vanished could I move. Not a step. Not ft movement of alimb. But whon it had gono, tho spell was broken. I uttered a scream, and fled the accursed spot, I know nor reoked not whither. AU I know is that I fled, fled, until I fell down from, sheer exhaustion, and became insensible. ' Whon I oame to myself I found myself in my own bunk. They told mo thoy had missod me from the station, had sent out all hands to search for mo, and had found me about a; couplo of miles north of the house, lying near! an old forgotten track into the back country a quarter of a mile from the road. That I had had a severe attack of brain f over, in which I had raved wildly about the spirit in the swamp, but that they could make neither head nor tail of what I meant. My horso had been found standing over me whero they sup posed I had fallen from his back, and it waa through the howling and yelping of my dog that thoy had been gaided to where I lay. - 'And now,' said Jaok Flynn, 'after that do you believe, in ghosts? Nol V6ry woll then, I'll tell you the finish. As I'm a living man, whether it was brain fever or not, or whether I dreamt it ot not, the skeleton of a man was afterwards found in tliat very swamp, and stuok hard and fast into tho breast- bone was a bit of steel which exactly fitted tho broken point of tho knife I had in my possession. Through the few words I had heard let drop about doubling baok and cross track, I had been able to lay the police on the man suspeoted, and to cut the story short, he was hanged at Darlinghurst on the sworn testimony of myself and others who ksew him better than I did. His mate, who was a faint-hearted, soft-headed sort oi a ohap after all, turned Queen's evidonce to. save his neck; and what became of him I don't remember. They called it braift fever ; you boys may call it what you like. I call it a true story of a bona fide ghost. A noVei. is being written in England by nine different persons, tho object being to give individuality to eaoh character. It is stated on competent Frenoh authority that Irish women have' tho most beautiful hands in tho world. The next prettiest come from Poland.' ' ' The municipal schools in Paris are now visited regularly twice a month by medical inspectors, who are also required'to attend in urgent cases. It is hoped by these means to limit the spread of contagipus dis'oasos. There are 126 of these doctors, and they receifa 9166 a year each. ' ' 