/THE PASSAGE OP THE FRANCHISE REFORM. THE IRISH MEMBERS SUPPORT THE GOVERN ':. MENT. : . The Parliamentary correspondent of the ; Dublin Irishman, April 12, writing from the [ House on Tuesday morning, says : — The division in the small hours of this morning has justified Mr. Parnell's antici pation. The second reading o£ the Reform Bill was carried by a majority of 130. This temendous victory, the greatest, numerically speaking, that has ever lighted on the ban ners of the present Ministry, was won by the Irish vote. Had the Irish Party gone into the opposite lobby, the towering majority of tho Government would have been reduced from 130 to 50. The Ministry might still have retained office, but with a mere majority of 5(5 they could never hope to outlive tho perils which would dog the Bill at all its stages. A solid Irish party of 37 — numbering 74 on n, division — had the fate of the Bill and of the Ministry ab solutely in their keeping. They saved the Ministry for the sake of the Bill ; but in all the pride and exultation of their victory, the Ministerialists have been taught once more that upon the Irish fiat it depended that they were not sent to bed this morning depressed and with aching hearts. The real honours and the best part of the profits of the night are, of course, on the Irish side. They have given one more startling evidence of their power as between English parties, and they have secured triumphantly the first stage of a bill which will increase the Irish electorate three to one. The policy of the party in deferring its decision to the last moment and shrouding it in doubt has been splendidly vindicated. The mere possibility (and it was never more than a possibility) that the Irish Party might withhold its help created a flutter not very easily distinguishable from panic in the Minis terial camp. Nothing could exceed the eagerness with which Irish members were assured that the Marquis of Hartington's un fortunate minimisation of Mr. Gladstone's promise not to disturb the number of Irish constituencies was completely misunderstood. The Irishmen kept their counsel and made no sign. Even when they met on Monday afternoon, though the unexpressed feeling in favour of voting for the socond reading was unmistakable and universal, the policy of re serve was still deemed the most prudent one. Mr. Gladstone was to speak during the even ing, and it was felt that if the Irish vote was held in suspense he would know why, and would define his position with regard to the Irish representation more explicitly. The meeting accordingly adjourned till eleven o'clock at night. The wisdom of their reserve was splendidly justified. Mr. Gladstone's declarations were all that the most exacting could demand so far as he himself is concerned (and he is the be-all and the end-all of his Cabinet). He gave it to be distinctly understood that he would be no party to a mutilation of the Irish representation. He recognized in the frankest way that Ireland had not been treated according to the numerical test in 1832, when she would have been entitled to two hundred members, and he repudiated with something like disgust the meanness of taking advantage of the present depletion of her population. After a speech of this kind there was no room for a moment's hesitation, When the party reassembled towards mid night they adopted with enthusiasm and with out a word of debate that they vote for the second reading. The party were assembled in almost unexampled force, the members for the county of Limerick being the only ab sentees. Mr. Synan was taken ill at Holy head on his way to London. From Mr. O'Sullivan there came no explanation or apology. The nominal Home Rulers had been raked together with extraordinary industry by the Government whips. The apparitions that ghost the House on critical division- nights, and never but then, turned up with unerring punctuality unfortunately — Mr. P. J. Smyth, who has been here for the past week in the livery of the publioans, The O Donoghue, who emerges from the shades of Erebus positively for these occa sions only, Mr. Meldon, the Blennerhassets, et hoc genus omne. The only familiar spirit whom the Whigs failed this time to summon from the vasty deep was Mr. Fay. Hope deferred has made his heart sick ; he is tired of being true as the dial to the sun although it be not shined upon. His action on the present occasion was evidently intended to convey a hint that the day for mere shake hands and blandishments is gone, and that it is high time to come to business. The O'Do noghue and Mr. O'Connor Power started up to contribute to the dt-adly hubbub of the debate, but they might as well have been talking and gesticulating to their looking glasses. What would be the majority P was the thought in every mind. When the figures were announced the Ministerialists were be side themselves with joy. One hundred and thirty was a majority exceeding the most sanguine anticipations of the Whigs or the most dyspeptic estimate of the Tory pessi mists. The Whiga crowed with triumph, and the Tories were in tho trough of despair. Both sides have since learned to take the matter more soberly, for the more the figures are analyzed the clearer it is that the Go vernment depended for their superb majority absolutely upon Ireland. It was not merely that 37 Parnellites had befriended thorn, and that their votes cast on the other side would have reduced the Government majority to 56. 'This was only asection of that Irish vote. The total number of men returned by Home Rule constituencies, tho men, that is to say, who represent the force that the Irish party of the future will be able to wield, were 56, and the absentees 13. If all these had cast their strength unitedly against the Government their magnificent majority of 130 could have been turned into u minority of 8, and this was, perhaps, as inighty a majority as any English Government will ever command. Apart, therefore, from the satisfaction of feel ing that they have placed the Reform Bill in a position to over-awo and compel the submission of tho House of Lords, the Irish members enjoy their triumph as one other assurance of tho sway that a disciplined Irish party will attain as between rival English parties. 