MORE AEOUT MAAMTRASNA. (From the Irishman, September 13.) j.aere ixvuiu ntue iiiieiuiouu ut .curt Sponcer'c formula for the laying of £ho ghost o£ My loo Joyce proving effectual for its pai« po3e. It io the ugliest skeleton a man haa ever had within his closet, and the omell oS. the dreadful business can no move bo wtuliad off the hands of tho inculpated parfcioo than those ' damned spots' which troubled Leer? Macbeth's somnambulism or tuned tlo siurnberfi of Eugene Aram into ravines oves ineradicable blood -stains on the floor. Since last wo wrote on this dismal subject!; two impoitant communications over ifc havo seon the light. One is a report by a member of the Freeman stuff who has had another interview with the informer's Casey and Philbin. Casey's fresh statements on the matter contain fresh and important particu lars. They were given voluntarily and with out ang attempt at reservation. The repen tant informer not only reiterates all his pre vious statements, but gives the names of persons who, ha alleges, were principals in the ^dreadful butchery of the Joyce family, and who are presently at large and have never been charged by the Ciown as parties to it. He further shows that he has already made such representations on the subject to a police-inspector as must in the course of police business have beeu laid before the Irish Executive. This give3 a new meaning and significance to the inaction of the Go vernment, and shov?s the desire of the Viceroy to burlr inquiry in a new and more sinister light. The second communication is of an equally startling character, and the source whence it emanates gives it an impresiuveuess which there is no gainsaying. It is a letter from his Grace the'^ Archbishop of Tuam, giving the substance of a statement made to that eminent dignitary by a magistrate who well knows the district in which the massacre was perpetrated and the chief characters implicated in it from childhood. He for mulates a thesis regarding the motive for the murders which deserves the closest attention, and he gives reasons for doubting the bona fides of the alleged independent witnesses which places their evidence in a very suspicious light. Prom an intimate knowledge of all the circumstances, he suggests that gratification of a long-standing i grudge may have been the chief object which these so-called independent wit nesses had in view when they swore against the men placed upon their trial, and that the story of their tracking them on the night of ; the murder was nothing better than a ; cleverly arranged and carefully studied con coction, for the harmonious elaboration of i which these witnesses had every opportunity : alforded them. These grave suggestions are : supported by facts and arguments of great circumstantiality and minuteness. It would : be impossible to overrate their importance and the impression they have made on the publie mind. What will the Castle do in face of these new revelations, is the question which every man is now putting to his neighbour. Clearly, the mattes? cannot be allowed to rest here, and bo amount of haughty non possmnuses from Earl Spencer will suffice to baffle that searching 'inquiry which the public conscience demands. The Fjreeman's Jouenal in its report of the recent interview has the following. I walked (say's the reporter) with Casey across the mountain — sometimes within earshot of the priest, sometimes separated from him by a considerable distance, and I found the man, all through, the same, penitent, anxious to tell everything bearing on the affair, willing to' suffer any fate that might befall him in his effort to make atonement for what he had done, and in every respect deporting himself as a man whose sole desire is to make any reparation in big power to free the innocent and to tell the truth. Casey can read and write, and I have now in my possession the several statements made by him to me (a total stranger), each state ment signed with his own name in a free and legible hand in the presence of witnesses. Casey's first striking allegation is that Philbin, his fellow approver, was not at the murder at all. This, Philbin, in his statement to Father Cbrbett. admitted. I asked him to name the men who were actually present at the scene of the murder. He did so without the slightest hesitation, naming himself first, but adding that he stood at the gable of the cabin turned into a shambles, and did not enter. They were, ac cording to him, seven in number (not ten, as was sworn at the trial by the Joyces, ani corroborated by himnelf and Philbin, as he states, under pressure and pain of being themselves hanged). They were Michael Casey (undergoing penal servitude), Thomas Casey (himself), ?'?Pat Casey, and Pat Joyce (hanged), and r three others whose names he gave me, which I,have under his own signature ; but those names I do not feel justified in giving to the public, at this juncture, through a news paper, though they are known to many in the place and outside of it. * Two of the men (father and son) mentioned by Thomas Casey to rae are living in the district, and tho third has gone to England. He states that one of these (the father) was the author of the massacre, that he held, tho lamp while the family were murdered. 1 Casey nest told me that the two meetings at which the murder was planned were held in the house of this man, and not at the house a,t: which it was deposed on the trials that they were held, und he added that he him self was present at both of them. He gave me tho names of the men present at these meetings. He assured me that IVlyles Joyce '(the 'man who was hanged), Philbin (his fellow-informer), Tom Joyce, Martin Joyce, Pat Joyce, and John Casey (Barry), all undergoing penal servitude), not were at tho scene of the murder at all, thus disposing of the point made by the Crown differentiating between the asseveration that they were inno cent, inasmuch as they did not strike a blow or fire a shot, and that still they svere there. I asked him who and whore were Kelly and Nee, the persona supposed to have es oaped. He replied that there were no such people as Kelly and Nee, and that these were false names for the father and son already men tioned, and that it was agreod to call them these names lesfc by calling them their own their identity should be betrayed to the vic tims. I may state heie that the author of the murder mentioned is a wealthy farmer in the neighbourhood, and that it is well known to all around him that his name is bruited abroad. I asked Casey what enmity the persons he named had against the murdered man. He replied that Joyce, the murdered man, was alleged by the author of the murder to have attempted his life three times, and that he was determined to kill him. and to leave no one behind him to tell tho tale. For the murder, he explains, the people selected were all relations by blood or connections by mar riage. And this for the sake of safety. He then says that it was impossible for the Joyces to have tracked them, as the night was bright and the path barer than the mountains upen which we stood. Certainly there was very little covert upon that. He alleges that Philbin, who was present at the preliminary inquiry whereat the Joyces told their story, and he were turned into a yard at the gaol at Kilmainham together, and that they had time to make their tales coincide with one another and with the Joyces', although Philbin was not at the murder at all. He asserts that Mr. Bolton, whose name was first told him by one of the warders in the gaol, said that he would get £300 for his information, and. oven up to £'500 and permission to leave the conntry. I did- intend, added Casey, to leave the country last Spring, but I would not have gone without giving to my priest a full state ment of the truth. 1 remarked that such a statement while he remained was of far greater value, since he was in danger not only of being brought up for perjury but for conspiracy to murder. He said he did not care what became of him if he obtained forgiveness from God, and made all the atonement in hia power. The reporter says : — I confess 1 left Casey with a vivid impression that he wao telling the truth, and was sincere in his contrition. In that opinion, as the kingdom knows, the Archbishop of Tuarn himself is confirmed, notwithstanding the carefully constructed reply of the Government officials to his Grace. The man's pariah priest— a clergyman as shrewd as he is good, as practical as he is pious — is convinced of his sincerity. I seek in vain for a motive for a new perjury. Every motive, on the contrary, save motives of conscience, points to Casey's stick ing to his sworn story at the trial. Philbin while in Casey's presence does not hesitate to confirm what ho says, though Phlbm is now, for whatsoever cause or dread, reticent to fresh interviewers. I will close with Thomas Casey's reply to my final query. I asked him would he be willing to tell all that he had told me at a public investigation on oath. He replied that ho would tell everything, as he wa-ijtelling it to me, anywhere, and that he had told a great deal already to Sub Inspector Stokes when ho wa,s on his tour of inspection of the police huts a few months ago. He said he was telling it to me as he would to his God at the last moment. 