VICTOBIAN GBAND NATIONAL KACE MEETING. fBy Teleeraph.1 M*Alhonvnn. .Tillv 1Q. The Grand National meeting in connection with the Victoria Racing Clnb was held on Saturday at Flemington. The weather was magnificent and the attendance good, in cluding His Excellency Sir Henry Brougham Loch and lady Loch. The racing was of a first- class character, the Grand National Hurdles and Steeple being splendid ; in fact they could not have been surpassed, Xhe rider of Bobin Hood, who came in second in the Maiden Steeple, protested place on the ground that he went on the wrong course, but the protest was dismissed. A noteworthy incident is the fact that the first and second horses in the Grand National Hurdles were ridden by gentlemen riders, viz,, Messrs. W. Glasscock and J. O. Inglis. MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. Gasalier, 9 St. 10 lbs.(Cupitt) .. .1 Hazard, 9 st. (Batty) _ _ a Omadhaun, 9 st. 9 lbs. (Bolger) _ _ 3 Other starters-Star, Lady leazle, Ghost, Csck boat. Stafford. Bettirg— 6 to 2 Hazard, 7 to 2 Stafford, 6 to 1 Lady Teazle. Gbrst, Gaaalier, and Hazard sailed oS, followed by Omadbann, Stafford, and ttsr. Tine Ghost c&tne; a cropper at the first fence and Haiaid entered the straight wi-h the lead, which he main tained past the stand, followed by Omadhaun. Lady Teazle, Stafford, Star, Gas&lier;, and Cockboat. Nearing the bridge Gasalier commenced to go through the other horses and assumed a lead along the buck to the theds, where Hazard went past him. Pearson's. horse, however, entered the staight first, and maintained bis position to the ilaisa, winning somewbat easily by two lengths from Hazard. Omadhnun was third, and three lengths rS him came Stafford, Lady Teazle, Star, and Cock beat last. lime. 3 intn. 55} sec. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. Kingston, list 6 lbs (Oelaney) _ .- 1 Bobin Hood. 10 st. 10 lbs. (MaloDe) - S Marquis or Waterford. 11 st 11 lbs (Bird) 3 utner starter* — uniEyce, saron, aauyrooa, Yanco, Goodwood, Bard of Brin, and Sir Fyans. Betting- 3 to 1 Sir Fyans, i Marquis of Water, ford, 6 Goodwood ana Kulkyne. The winner was not backed. Kulkyne went off with the lead, followed by the Marquis of Waterford, Kingston, Bobin Hood, Sir Fyans, Bard of Erin, and Yanco bringing up the rear. The last named baulked at the first fence. TbeMarqnis of Waterford went to the front at the sheds and then fell at the next fence, bnt was qnickly remounted. Kulkyne was now followed by Sir Fjans, who came to grief at the fence into the straight. The stand was passed with Eulkynein the lead, followed by Bobin Hood and Holyrood, with Goodwood and Kingston farther behind, after whom came the Marquis of Waterford. The tame older was kept till the back was reached, whan Goodwood went np third at the sheds Krd&yne;, Bobin Hood, and Goodwood fell at the last fence, bringing down Holyrood also. Bobin Hood then ran oS the course, but discovering; bis error rectified it. and cantered up the straight with a losg lead of Marqsis of TVaterfonL Kingatcn now came np at a great pace, and catching MaJone, toe jockey of Bobin Hood, naupine, snatched the victory by a length. The Maiojus was third as good way off None of the others dniahed. The conduct of Malone was most extraordinary, as if he had exerted trim self Kingston could not have got within lengths oi him. Malone, however, entered a protest against Kingston, on the grounds that he went on the wrong course. Time 6 min. 7Jeec. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLES. Don Quixote, 11 ft 13 lbs. ( W. Glasscock) . . . . 1 Sundowner. 10 st 3 lbs. (J O Ioglis) .. _ 2 Bins wood, 12 st. 7 lbs (Scobie) .. - -. S Other starters— Joker, Ontario, Flamborough, Tarres, Tantalteer, a&d; Sinking fond. Betting— S to 1 Kingwod, 4 Don Quixote and Ontario, 6 Joker, and 10 others farree was the first away, but Tontaliser quickly passed ber and led past the stud, followed by ontairo, Yanee, and Sundowner, with Famborongh bringing up the rear. At the tarn Tarree and Sinking Innd went np second and third. Bnt the btidge taw Yarree again in front. Sundowner shortly after going op second Dos Quixote now came through bis field and went np tblrd, Sinking Fond and Ontario being In line with him, and Bingwood last twenty lengths behind the leaser. Tbe tame order was maintained till nearing the straight, when Yanee dropped back and left dun downer to lead past the stand, with Tautaifser and Sinking Fund bis immediate atten dants On nearing the bridge the Joker rushed np second, bnt came to grief at tbe back. Sinkng Fund now took the second petition followed by Ontario, Don Quixote, and Bingwood. At tbe sheds the favorite ran up third ; Ontario shortly after running off, fell. Keating the turn Sundowner was still In the lead, with King, wood and Don Quixote next. A splendid race ensued in the straight between Don Quixote and Sundowner, the former lasting longer and winning by four lengths, bingwood being third six lengths behind Sundowner. Then came Tantalher.lSinking Fond, FJamborough, and Yarree. Time 5 mis. 7 31 sees. GHAJSD NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. Cbippenbam, bylanercost, list. (KiiduffJ 1 Friendless, 0 st. IS lb (Batty) - . . 2 MoonUgt, 10 st. 7 Ib. (Hill) ... _ 3 Other starters— Blackthorn, Uzette, General Jackson, Katurrgs, Fame, Australian Court, Alt Serene, Union, Bands Down. Btttir.g-3to i Fame, 4 lizette, 6 Katunga and Friendless, S Blackthorn, lOChippenham asd Moon. Bgbt. All Serene was first away and led past the stand, followed by Friendless, lizttie. Hands Down and General Jactson, Blackthorn and Katunga bring ing up the rear. Tbe first fence was negotiated by All Serene in tbe lead, attended by Iazette and Fame. Tbe last-named, however, jumped on to the second fence and hong there, after which Lizette atsnmed the lead and led past the abattoirs two lengths in front of ueneral Jackson. Then came Katun ja, Moonlight, Black thorn, Chippenham. Friendless. Union, and Hands Down last. The same order was muntained till Dealing the turn, when Moonlight went to the front, and led over the trebles, but passing the stand ljzette came on level terms with him, Cuippenham and General Jackson being side by side a length 'bthlBd.. lizette led Moocligfat by two lengths round the torn. Chippenham beiog third fifteen iefigtbs away ; then came General Jackton, Friend lew; Kattmga, Blackthorn, Union, and All Serene, whilst Australian Court was forty lengths away, ..Hands Down being nowhere. Xhe same order was 'maintained along tbe river to tbe back, when Moonlight went to tbe front, and was closely followed by lizette and Chip penbam. 2 he same order was maintained past tbe abattoirs, but tbe pace was visibly increased, and Chippenham assumed the lead at the sheds, General Jackson coming to grief at this point. Keating the turn Friendless went up second and negotiated the last hurdle on level terms with Chippenham, closely followed by Liiette, Moon liebt, and Blackthorn. A splendid race ensued up the straight between Chippenham, Friendless, and Moonlight, Friendless being slightly in the lead till jtist on the pest, when Cnippenham made a piand struggle and passed the judge's box about half a length in front of Friendless, Moonlight being third same distance away ; then came Lizatte, Blackthorn, Union, Katunga. and Australian Court, and Hands Down centered in last. Time, 7 min. SELUBG HCBD1.ES. Prospect, by Panic U st. (Corrigan) _ _ 1 ! Hed Kelly, lost. 6 lbs. (McLeodj _ _ _ 2 | Other starter— Borderman. I Betting— 6 to i on Prospect. Borderman went eff with the lead, which he maintained past the stand till nearing the river, when be ran off, leaving Prospect two lengths in front of -.ea Kelly. Tbe race after this was all over, as although Ned Kelly went alongside tbe favorite at the abattoirs it was only on sufferance, and Prospect cantered is easiest of winners by six lengths. Bordeiman oid not finish. lime, luin, (j tec. The winner was sold to E. Weeks for IZS guineas FIAT RACE. PaUleioo, 7 St. IDlbs. -Olds) _ „ .. _ 2 Dnenna, 8st. Ulbs (O'Brien).. — .. _ S Other starters -Bassanio, Ironmaster, Golden Battetfly, Black Diamond, Virago, Norfolk, He'Je Brandon, Regulator, Castaway, Liberator, Xoo loo. Impulse, Lyons Lady, Yellow Hammer. Too Too was juictest off and led to the sheds, followed by Regulator, BasBatrto, Norfolk, ana Pailletoo. The last- named went up on neiriog mtn and entered the straight ode by side witn iiepuialor. A £08 race ensued up the straight between Regulator. Duenna, and Poilleroo. Regu lator being on almost even terms. At a diatince Pailleroo locked all over a winner, but Bonney Bee came with a rash and beat Pailleroo jost on tha post, tbe finish being most exciting. Duenna was third, dose behind, and Hexulator fourth. Cut away, shortly after starting, clipped and fell, tbrowing her rider, who was fortunately unhurt. Time. 1 min. 45 sec. Betting on the flat race was— 3 to 1 Too Too, 6 Duenna, c Regulator, 7 Bonnie Bee, 8 Norfolk, 10 Bscsanlo and others. 