WHY WE REQUIRE LOCAL OPTION. Being the speech delivered at the Local Option meeting held at Footscray on Wednesday evening, 10th September. 1SS4. [By Mu P. M. Salmon.] No person should be called upon to oner an apology for advocating the cause of temper ance, no matter what phase of that principle it may assume, seeing an ordinary observer has but to take a cursory glance through the thin veil of custom, which is supposed to shelter society from the gaze of the curious, to behold the unreal satisfaction which permeates the excessive drinking usages which a veneered society deems necessary to good fellowship and friendship. Under this guise many noble minds, bodies and souls have been forever wrecked and yet society still sits on the dangerous rocks of custom luring, like the Sirens of old, mankind to social destruction. Therefore there can| be nothing strange in men in trying to cope with an evil so vast and hurtful in its influence. The question bears asocial, moral, religious and political aspect. Men and women who have occupied positions on the highest pedestal of social and moral rectitude, who were at one time revered by friends and respected by all who knew them and who fulfilled every filial and parental duty, from childhood’s days to years of matured thought, have fallen from their high social pinnacles to depths of misery and degradation, too real and pitiful for fancy sketches, through drink s baneful spell. Home comforts have been cast aside and homes once resplendent with joyous laughter and domestic ties have been made to ring with the drunkard’s orgies and dying curses. Bright and budding womanhood, cast in a gentle and loving mould has been driven into the cruel streets to live a life of Bhame. The ever dark and murky Yarra has reflected back from its moonlit surface many a pale face wearing the aspect of a broken heart. Many a time and oft has a last shriek of despair been uttered on the river bank as a slight fragile form, scarce a woman, sprang forth to fall with a splash into the cold and silent watery depths. One rippling eddy, one more unit of humanity, sinking slowly and surely to death’s endless sleep, while the soul is wafted onward to eternity and another sacrifice is offered up to the fell destroyer— drink. Then all is over, on the worldly Bide of the gravo for such an one. Well can wo then chant as a fitting requiem. One more unfortunate, Wearr of breatb, 31 -ably importunate, Gone to her death. Others live on and as they totter along with halting gait they assume the garb of wretchedness and hopelessness. They appear as living monuments of dissipation. Kespect and friends have all forsaken them. A few tattered garments partly cover frames emaciated and weakened by disease. Such devotees throw themselves headlong beneath this hideous “ Juggernaut,” which has a temple dedicated to its worship at every other street corner, and are crushed beyond recognition. How can religion find a resting place in such “ tempest - tossed ” souls, drifted hither and thither by the strong tides of self-made adversity. Christianity, with its many humane sympathies and abounding love cannot meet with genuine reciprocity and has to pass on and leave nearly all drink’s victims without peace in this world and no hope for the next. The grave of the drunkard dumbly points to buried ambition and prostrated abilities lost to intellectual progress and a world’s pros perity. The outcome of the drunkard’s death is that such a fate acts like a beacon. Bor does not the memory of those of them we have known staud ghost-like across the tomb of their untimely end and seem to beckon us away from the rooks and shallows of alcohol’s inhospitable region to the deep'and calm waters in the sure and safe haven of temperance ? Men and women may weep, but they cannot bring back those who were intended to be some of the brightest gems that were to'deck the diadem of the family and social circle. Thus we are brought face to face with the stem aud incontrovetable fact that the large number of 60,000 drink stricken units of humanity die annually in the civilised world. What a procession that would make if marshalled past the doors of every drinking den in the British dominions. An army of souls, gaunt and spectre-like, motioning in solemn silence to the places where ruin is retailed at the cost of life and even in this bright land of our adoption many publicans have been heavily fined for selling stuff a little better than straightout poison. Therefore, whether this Question is viewed from a social, moral, religious or physical standpoint it is one which demands serious attention at least on the part of those who wish to see civilization progress in the world. £5,000,000 is annually expended in the liquor traffic of Victoria, and men in high places reap the profits. The population being under one million, that gives better than £5 per head as the average amount spent in drink. The total revenue of the colony is about £5,000,000, thus it will be seen that as much money is thrown away in drink as it takes to work the whole machinery of government. If the money were utilised in agriculture, art, science and local industries what a plentiful supply of work it would give, and so increase wages among our artizan classes while no more would the unemployed cry be heard in Melbourne. It is scarcely necessary to multiply further reasons in favor.of local option. But if one more is wanting it is found in the aggressive and, in many instances, insulting attitude of publicans during tlie. progress of an election, backed np by harpies whose souls never soar higher than a pint of that compound known to the uninitiated as “ beer.” If a candidate be a teetotaller and a local optionist all claims he may have as a cleverer and better man aro passed over. The free and independent electors are duly manipulated and so it is no longer a disguised fact that publicans and their satellites are dominating our public institutions, while men of opposite opinions stand by and watch with placid unconcern the machinations of their enemieB. Social and moral suasion seems to be insufficient levers, assisted by the fulcrum of common sense arguments to move to a higher plane of restriction the drink traffic of Victoria. Therefore thinking men are driven by the force of circumstances aud overwhelming conviction to fall back on the Legislature for to subdue this powerful and unscrupulous ogre which fills our gaols, inebriate retreats aud lunatic asylums with God’s creatures, who have become victims to its vicious habits aud demoralising customs. Local option, without compensation from the people is henceforth to be the “war cry” of all those who desire to check the sway of alcohol. The Legislature is to be asked to pass a measure which will give the rate payers the power to close or keep open any publichouse within every given municipal boundary. This will be one of the most liberal acts if carried into law ever placed in the statute book of the colony. For it delivers absolute power into the hands, of the.people and that is the acme of liberalism as propounded by the ablest “political economists; The publicans wish us to believe they are willing to accept the principle if fettered with the clog of com pensation. The state may as well be required to recompense townships which are practically closed and relegated to non existence by the opening of a new line of railway or Cobb’s.coaches beaten out of time also by the advent of the “ iron horse.” Or indeed any other bnsiness which may suffer from: innovations that come to pass during the whirligig of time as to pay over the funds of the state to “ feed fat ” individuals who have gathered a rich harvest of coin from their frail and less-acquisitive gulled fellow-mortals. A man’s life or death hangs on 'the lips of a jury empanelled to try him for alleged crime and surely a whole rate paying district can be permitted to decrease the'drink traffic of the community in which they have to live. Two or three butchers, bakers, grocers, etc. are generally enough to Bupply the wants of a fair Bized district, yet four times the number of publichouses are required to provide beer and spirits! While objections are taken to the state or local authorities paying one penny by way of . compensation for houses closed a scheme, can be suggested whereby those having lost their businesses through the operation of local, option may receive a partial money equivalent. It is .this—all publichouses should be placed in three classes in the cities and two in boroughs and shires. The highest class in cities should pay £100 for a license and the others £75 and £50. ■ In , boroughs and shires the fees should be £75 and £50. All over £25 paid into local revenues as now should be for warded by the town clerks to a central “compensation fund” under Government control. ■ Classifiers could be appointed and when a house is closed they would become arbitrators and give what is deemed a fair value for any loss sustained out of the fund. All expenses could be. borne by the fund and its details worked without the slightest hitch. If at any time the fund should . become exhausted the parties whose houses I had beeD closed would require to wait for compensation until it had been augmented at the next yearly issue of licenses. By this means the publicans left in business are called upon to compensate their less-favored brother tradesmen and the increased busi ness supposed to flow into their bars warrants the payment of the suggested imposition by way of an extra license fee. The proposition here given might be tried in the event of the “no compensation’’ clause being thrown out of any Bill brought before the Assembly. I have been led to pen this In the hope that it might lead to a solution of the vexed problem, how to closo the drinking shops so numerous throughout the land? The anuals of our courts prove that men and women do not get pure liquor iu cases, but vile decoctions of chemicals which sap away the vital organs and prostrate the mental faculties beneath those of the brute creation. Let all men be convinced of this, agitate and fight for the grand principle of local option. May their voices and lives live after them and come ringing down the valley of Time until the population becomes imbued with similar sentiment. Politicians ought to Btudy this subject and purge society of its plague spots by the majesty of the law, At present two-thirds of the honorary magiitrates ot the colony of the are more or less connected with publichouse property and justice and sympathy for right seldom gets beyond their own pockets. Give the people the lands by a liberal system of leasing, let the enormous liquor traffic of tbe colony be brought within respectable limits and no more would the blacksmith-poet’s tears be required to fall hissiDg on his anvil and be wafted upward, a vapourous sacrifice on the altar of humanity while he cried in piteous tone “ God save the people.’’ For a new order .of things would spring into existence .in this fair and and glorious land we live in and thus the being freo from the serfdom of their grasping fellowmen and custom would be enabled to save themselves. Respect for themselves and social and domestic ties disassociated from the friendly glass, would bind them into one strong circle having for its motto the welfare of humanity. 