tftiiginal ®aie. THE MYSTERY OF FERNBROOK. A By Atha." (Author of "Living or Dead," "Other People's Money," "Brandon Westlake," "Maoris and Pakolias," "Australian Elves," &c.;, &c;,, &c.;) BOOK I. — Chapter V. EFORE the rain had ceased to rattle against the solid gables of Fern brook, all was in readiness g for the performance of Massiuger'a fine old J J) comedy, ''A New Way to Pay Old Debts," Many objections ha 1 been set up and demolished ere the dramatis persorce were fitted to their several parts. Luckily for Ralph Warne, who had taken upon himself the responsibility of the affair Alton Lyndhurst poved himself an ab'e stage manager and director. But with all his tact the young author found himself at fault. No one could be. found to perform the leading role. In this delemma two strangers arrived at the Rock, and were forthwith introduced by the Master of Fernbrook to his guests. These, two gentlemen are inv especial friends," he said. " On the Continent of Europe and elsewhere we have sojourned together, sharing the same roof, and the same table. In the name of friendship, I bid them both welcome to New Zealand." The new comers were evidently men of the world, who knew how to adapt themselves to mixed company. In a few hours they were quite at home, accepted parts in the Comedy, and entered into the spirit of fun with the zest of schoolboys let out for a holiday, Neither of these personages were young. The fore most of the twain was verging on sixty years of age. Yet, he was a man who had been well preserve I, A man who appeared to have taken care of no one above all things else. His three score years sat upon him as lightly as forty winters sit upon many men. Tall, but withal slight and delicate looking, there was not a crease or wrinkle in the man, from his nose to his toes. Beyond an undeniable military air, which clung to him like his tight-fitting frock coat, Colonel de Roal seemed a well-bred, polished, smiling gentleman, at peace with himself and with all the world. Drummond Blake, his companion, was altogtther un like the Colonel. A giant in statue, and with limbs like another Hercules, this man was both gruff and course in manner, and in speech. Nevertheless, there was a good-humoured, robust, healthy, devil-may-care, high-pressure hilarity about him which won him friends amongst the company. A keen observer of men would have noticed two things in the conduct and manner of Colonel de Roal and his gigantic friend. First, the Colonel never lost sight, even for a moment, of the huge proportions of his comrade, while Blake, on his part, invariably took his cue from the other ; sometimes by a word, but mostly by glances, well understood, There were no keen observers at the Rock, however, except Hilton Fernbrook, or old Ititi, the Maori, Pro bably both were on the watch, but in different direc tions. " What a grand old placo this is, dear Fernbrook," quoth the Colonel, adjusting his eye-glass over his cold, steely blue eye. " There has been no vulgar architect here. No modern daub of ugly brick and stucco. Nature has aided the builder, or the wise fellow has taken advantage of nature. Ma foi. What, bronze 1 Sallust of Pompeii, could he stalk forth from his lava tomb beside Vesuvius, would stare in wonder at the magnificent proportions of yonder trellised balcony." Seldom had there been congregated together such a witty, laughable, loving group as that which assembled to witness " A New Way to Pay Old Debts." In the lofty drawing-room there is accommodation for double the number as that which sits in easy indolence before the crimson curtain hiding the stage. The gentlemen who are about to take part in the performance are scattered through the audience, laughing and talking. An early dinner has left them ample time for gossip ere the play begins. Amongst the loungers, Alton Lyndhurst — drawn forth from his shell of reserve, is holding forth on the merits of Chris. Marlowe, Johnston, Webster, Marston, and a host of others who have left their mark on the era of British drama. His listeners are only a group of five, but they are appreciative. One of the nnmber is a lady, a proud wealthy beauty, with a face and form as matchless as that of Helen, of Troy. How cold and motionless she sits, yet there is a world of meaning in the far away look in her eyes. While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are preparing for honest Phillip Massenger's master piece, let me take up the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. The world was younger and brighter for Victorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eigh teenth birthday, a birthday at which there had been an innocent drinking of tea in Major Ilargrave's cottage, on the cliff' overlooking the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower, and as poor as Job. He is a man who has seen much life. He has fought for Don Carlos, and derives his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London, have in turn been his home. He has spent some portion of his days in South America, and is not unremombered in Mexico. But at sixty seven he has had enough of a no-mad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wanderings and relate his adventures while he reposes at ease by his hearth ; pleasanter still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller house keeper. His cottage, at Parnell, iB the pink of neat ness ; very small, but seeming so much the snugger for its suiallness, daintily furnished with the relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occasion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits who rise early. JShe gives her mornings to household duties, and flits about light of foot, with gloved hands, and broad linen apron. The Major, although a soldier of fortune, ha.A ever been an honest man. It is his boast that he has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet paid his way ; that no tailor remembers him with a pang ; that no time-yellowed page in a fashionable bootmaker's ledger records his dishonour. In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widens his narrow income he has more pride in his achievements than in the remu neration. The daughter is not so well satisfied with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for more than ten years, but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in her memory like a dream of the " Arabian Nights." To be rich and powerful, that is the acme of her am bition. (She asks her father wonderingly, " How he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brighter worlds. ' The girl knows that with even less opportunities, she is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neigh bours. Sings better, plays more brilliantly, has a more general capacity for learning new things, a. greater deit- ness of finger, superior taste in dress, and more skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine's pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful winning ways, her cleverness, and general good manage ment. She lives in an atmosphere of praise ; rises every morning to be admired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are the Major's nearest and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Victorine as if she were of their own flesh and blood. Often in the summer gloaming girl and boy have clirued the ione cliff, above the noble bay, and here have watch. the ships glide to and fro, like grim ghosts in the lading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his best as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so imbued his daughter with a love of the great dramatist, that the girl has a veritable passion for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen Katharine, Rosalind, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia, and Beatrice. Under the Major's tuition, Rhoda has grown into a superb elocu tionist. By the winter's fire, while her father smoked his pipe, she has spouted the whole Shakesperian round. He teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly on a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant passion. He remem bers the great Siddons. How her awful whisper went through the gloom of the theatre, as if mocking the evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again and again to describe that wondorous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Victorine's senior, and is fighting an uphill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time he can spare from his work ise voted to Major Hargrave's daughter, for the poor penniless scribe almost worships her. It is the one gleam ojf sunshine in his drudging life to read Shakespeare with her, or to play Romeo to her Juliet. There is jtrst enough in her unlilceness to all other women to catch the fancy of the dreaming enthusiast, who is as deeply smitten with the one only true, absorb ing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty- two can be. So, on that high cliff, perched on the Bea wall, Alton tells Major Hargrave's daughter his love. Alas ! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hands resting on his shoulder, eyes looking into his, words coming swiftly, and with sobs bourne along the eloquent voice, she tells him, that if she could love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget her terrible struggles with grim, want, and resign her hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream of her life to become rich and powerful ; to emerge out of the slough of despond, poverty, into the clearer light that is born of affluence. Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, ar.d strives only as earnest men strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine Hargrave is mar ried. Amid the fevor of Parliamentary debate, and the strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begun to agitate even those remote colonists, Alton Lyndhurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of women had been overthrown, like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, he had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him ; hard, stern, unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption, had brought forth a latent power, till then slumbering, and the result was fame. Victorine Hargrave had the gratification of her darling wish gratified, inasmuch as she wedded one of the largest land owffcrs in the colony. In the absence of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that we poor dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ah me. If Mrs. Victorine Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married life, it was perchauce because she was a woman, and not the fault of her lord and master, who gratified every whim, every desire of her heart, so far as ready cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to England, and was absent but two years, when she returned to New Zea land a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the rage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of squatters and bankers who had heretofore shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargrave's pen niless daughter, were delighted with the brilliant, capti vating, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad at a nod of recognition from the queen whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst betimes in those two years of her married life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensative cords of licr nature when she has pitted him in imagination against this money getter who calls her wife. She has thought of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not come ; thinking him unkind and cruel for with-holding his notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is among the first to read that book which lifts his name at one bound into notoriety. O, how every page preaches to her of . he days that are gone, of these unforgotten days, when he was hers, lying at her feet in the late August twilights, with the broad full moon shining upon the sea. He has laid his own heart upon the dissecting table, and anatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers ; how torn and wounded by her desertion. She comes face to face with him once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and the smoulding love flames up with a brighter, stronger, fire, and she knows that she loves Alton Lyndhurst better, purer, than of old, and must so love him to the end of life. One day, at a garden party, given by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorine meet again, The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed ; both are accomplished in the polite art of self-repression. She greets him with graceful tran quility, he with gracious candour. They talk of the old cottage by the sea wall, of the dear dead lather. From that time the idol of fashion, and the popular writer are friends, but there is no word of love between them. Tempus omina revelat. Cast thy magic wand aside, G, Hermes. Lift the curtain again on the group gathered round, Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still men and books. Colonel de Roal is one of the latter party. Watch him as he sits with quiet mein listening to the talker. There is one huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears like a benign smile upon his lace. " I often wonder," remarks Fenton Grey, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter at the Rock, " 1 often wonder that among so many books written for this age, there are so few that seem calcu lated to make people better." " My dear sir, goodness, from an aisthctic point of view, is the reverse of interesting," rejoins the Colonel, blandly. " Yet, Goldsmith has ventured to depict characters that are almost faultlsss," answeis Lyndhurst. The Colonel shrugs his shoulders. " True," he says. " But Goldsmith was a humourist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humour removes the insipidity of bene volence with his heros. Faust is not good, and Iago is simply execrable ; but where can you match these for interest." Alton Lyndhurst looks with more attention at the speaker than he had done hitherto. " Then you deny that there can bo any interest in the kind of reading which may tend to raise the whole tone of one's being ?" he asks. " For my part, I love Tenny son. One cannot read him without feeling better and braver." " Nay, virtue is so simple a matter, that it affords few opportunities for art," responds de Roal, in the same quiet tone. " Vice and crime are many-sided, and offer infinite scope for the literary anatomist. One Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, is worth all the cold per fection of your modern heroine!" The stage bell rings as Alton is about to reply, and that puts an end to all further controversy. Those who have to take part in the performance haste away to dress, and the fiddles begin to tune for the overture. The most difficult part has fallen upon the mantle of the Colonel ; but " Sir Giles Overreach" fits him as if he had made it a lile-long study. .Lady Allworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Victorine Gayland. The rich widow is an artist of the first order, as well as a woman of fashion. Nine o'clock p.m. — (Settle yourselves comfortably in your seats. " A New Way to Day Old Debts." A play by Phillip Massenger, written two' hundred and twenty years ago. iSuch a piece is just the thing for a drawing-room like this one. And the costumes, so far as the ladies are concerned, are simply perfect. Up with the curtain. A room in lady Allworth's house. Boudoirs, blue and gold, brocade, and satin- wood. The walls are painted while, carved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn the pannelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue decf and rare old porcelain. Grim Fernbrook has been ransacked to furnish this scene. Ten o'clock. — The applause is loud and long. Hilton Fernbrook, who has been lounging about moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. " Ah, non cher how are you ?" cries the Colonel. " Accept my congratulations," replies the young man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. You are winning golden opinions, Sir." Colonel de Roal leads him aside. " My son. If some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst, and raise the roofs off these people's brains, as Asmodcus lifted the roofs off the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pon dering." Close by the wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. " This night will make you famous," he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for a moment, then replies, thoughtfully — " If one did not seek to win fame there would be no such thing as greatness." " The most lasting fame lias been won by goodness rather than talent," he answeres, coldly, and moves away. The close of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. To be Continued. 