The Snmuggler's Ghost. DIs you ever encounter the smuggler's ghost, The spectre of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himeelf on an old gun-post At the top of Tower Hill? I think me not, though he comes by night All the passers-by to scan, A strange, weird, long.shore, lubberly wight Pea-jacketty sort of a man. His voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild The other is under a patch His nose is swollen-this mystic child And his legs were never a match. As he leaves the post on a midnight dull He goes with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany seaside hull He seems; but he's only soul. I met hini once, and I saw him clear By a gas-lamp's dancing light, Recalling weeds and tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, " O runner of Revenue rigs, Thou knave of the contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs; " But he raised him his gnarled hand. "Avast with thy coppers I" and "You be blowed I" In a mixture strange said he; "I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed In this mortial coun-ter-ee. hot sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, Nor tater-brewed oh- de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," he said with a grin; " I'm a spirit, mate, carnt yer see?" I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid for cigars when he did me brown, And he certainly looked alive. But he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, As he grinned with his mouth so roomy., " If ye doubts my word, take yer crotch. stick there, And you'll find it'll go right through me. " Oh, woe-woe, bacco and paper.brown I Oh, woo, sham oh-de-wee I I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've come from down In the furderest coun-ter-ee. : Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold = That never did go to sea : - - I sold cigars and the buyers sold, And what's to become o' me? " Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way,:." And down by the muddy Strand, And down by the Docks I am doomed to Sstray," And he wrung him each gnarly hand. - "I wants to find 'em, and can't tell where, And I doesn't know where to look; There's pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spar?e As I hid afore I was took." Then I said, " Ohi seaman of doubtful guise, Do you come from that other shore?" ' "Ay, mate I" as he rolled him that one of his eyes, - "And:I don't want to go any more." "But what are you seeking, and why are you come ? Why playedst thou.me that trick ?" " Ah, it's all along o' those weeds so-hum I Did they make you so werry sick ? "Oh, is's what I'm a-telling o' you, you see," And to cast and to west he turned, "I can't remember, or may I be Most- something unpleasantly-burned." He moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He groaned him right into his boots ; " Oh, it's all along o' them Henery Olays, And them sham Dengal eheroots, "Oh, there's pounds on 'om hidden I-can't tell where. And some mislortnet bloke Will be hunting 'em out if I don't take care And there isn't one fit to smoke. Ah, where did I put 'em ? Ah, where are they hid ? Al, where did I plant that chest With Henry Olay on the top o' the lid ? And wasn't theybad 'one, jest ? " They makes 5emsup at'a bob a pound Brown paper in backer gravy ; And taold 'em a qujd for a box all round, On a smuggler's afildavy. . Andtfdown by the Isle o' Dogs I goes, And hnntin' in Bataliff Highway, But never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never more come in my way. "Isneverc-antake just a glass o' short, Though I drops in at public bars, Since I belong to another port, For selling o' sham cigars. For I used to roam as a smuggler bold Who laughed at the R'yal Exciso; A dodge so stale, and a doda sno old, But allers ripe for a rise." And as I gazed he was there no more, Not so much as his old pea-jacket; But" there seemed to come from a distant shore, Or from out of old Charon's packet, " Oh, I am the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea; I never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this hide-.andcome-seek-a.ree I" -=. hIsITvLEFrrFES, in Hood's AnuhI 