EUROPEAN k AMERICAN BREVITIES. PATTI is addicted to billiard playing. Bismarck is sixty-nine years old. Goethe and Shakespeare are Bismarck's favourite authors. Pitcairn Island, in the Pacific, now has a population of 105. Justin McCarthy will shortly publish a " History of the Four Georges." The Indians have cost us $70,000,000 in the last 10 years. It turns out that Forepough's white ele- phant is a varnished one. Sarah Bernhardt was hissed at Paris when playing " Camille." Steerage passage rates from New York to ; Liverpool have been reduced to $18. Tho Buke of Westminster's estate is worth 8200,000,000. Don Pedro, of Brazil, has reigned longer than any other living monarch-53 years, Rumoured that Patti will retire from the : stage and will return to her husband, from whom she was divorced in 1877. v Maud Stewart, who plays "Edith" in " Young Mrs, Wintbroo, has nearly lost her sight by simulating blindness on the stage. Opossum breeding is a new and profitable industry in Georgia. One well-stocked farm will yield a yearly revenue of $400 or $500. Byron, the dramatist, was buried at London on April 17. Leading theatrical stars were present. Important gold discoveries are reported from Pike's Peak, Col., Miners are greatly excited. A trip to the Sandwich Islands is rapidly becoming a necessity of fashionable life to Coliform ans. Texas cattle are dying of drought, and caterpillars are destroying the vegetation in that State. Michigan raises nearly one-half the world's crop of peppermint, the annual yield of oil being 70,0001bs. A posthumous publication of Charles Reade's will be autobiographical matter and sketches of contemporaries. A Philadelphian owns a canary that whistles, without a mistake, Yankee Doodle. He values it at ?200. A new dynamite gun has been tested at Fort Hamilton, N.Y. It throws a cartridge over a mile. There are twelve manufactories of artificial teeth in the United Stetes, and 10,000,000 teeth are made annually. High water is alarming the inhabitants of New Orleans. The water covers the city within six squares of the river. It is expected that the revised edition of the Old Testament will be ready for publication before the close of the year. Prince Victor bf Wales; on attaining his majority next year, will he made Duke of Dublin and reside in Ireland. The steamer Oregon from Liverpool, arrived at New York on Saturday after a voyage of six days and ten boura, the fastest time on record. By a tready made through De Brazzs, the irigliBoanlf of ibo Congo {romBmonilU *p the equator passes under the protection of France While digging the foundation for' a church In Xincoln,Eng., tha other day, the workmen found about six feet below the surface a per- fect Roman altar, dedicated to the Fates.' . After 14 years of annexation, says a cor- respondent of the Parts Gautois, Alsace is even less Prussian than ever. She reads nothing but French journals. Her eyes turn unceas- ingly to France. Some of Edmund Yates' friends are trying to reconcile him to bis sentence by the re- minder that Bunyan wrote bis chef d'oeuvre inprison. One of the brightest reporters on the Kan- sas City Press is a lady, Mrs. Rees, of the Journal She is aged 28, and speaks four languages. A new planet has been discovered at thc Vienna Astronomical Observatory. It appears l>ke a star of the 12th magnitude, in the con- stellation of Virgo. Gannie Jeffries, queen of the gipsies of the United States, who died in Tenesare last month, was hurried in Dayton, O., Wednes- day last, with imposing ceremonies. Moncure D. Conway, though bc has re- turned to America to live, and has made the tour of the world, says he is " more than ever convinced that London ¡B the best place in the world to live in." A historical wedding anniversary was recently held near Charlotte, at which thc tables.were set without linen, all the victuals were after recipieB over a century old, and the dishes had been in use from 60 to 100 years. Matt Morgan, the English caricaturist, who was tabooed in England for his unfortu- nate picture of the prince of Wales as Hamlet following the ghost of the roue George IV., and thc even more offensive " Brown Study," with the bare-legged gilly leaning on tho throne, has settled down as the head of a potteiy in Cincinnati; and as a designer of lithographic work. Washington is agog over the reported con- version to Catholicity by Mgr. Capel, of Mrs. Hammersley, an aristocratic and benevolent Episcopalian lady. She became acquainted with Mgr. Capel while he was sick at Washington. The report that Henry Irving and Ellen Terry had been privately married is un- founded, says a New York special. Ellen Terry has bad two husbands, the first Watts, the artist, with whom ehe could not har- monise, and thc second a Mr. Kelly, who could not harmonise with her. Irving and bis wife separated entirely from incompatibility of temperament. Twenty-seven years ago a Mr. Knoblock disappeared from Brooklyn, N.Y., and was never again hoard of by his family until ono day last week his son received from a relative in BoBton tho following telegram :-" Be at thc Grand Central Dopot to-morrow to meet your father." The recognition of father and son was mutual. He had been trying to make his fortune in California, Australia, and South Africa. Thomas Wilson, a burly negro, on Sunday night stealthily crept into the Blooping apart- ment af Jennie and Mary Groff, of Rossville, Staten Island. Thc two ladies were not aware of his presence until Jennie Groff felt his hand upon her throat. She arose and struck him in the face with her clenched fist, knock- ing him down. In the excitement the licht was extinguished, but she kept up her resis- tance until he ran to the window and at- tempted to climb out. Wliile ho was thus engaged Jennie struck him a powerful blow, and sent bim headlong to thc ground There he struck an ashpan, and his windpipe was almost c impletely severed, causing a profuse flow of blood. He was arrested and gaoled, after his wounds had boen sewed up. Mr. Vanderbilt Baid to a reporter in New York thc other day: "I belie'c I oin thc richest man in the world. In England the Duke of Westminster is said to bo worth 9200,000,000, but it is mostly in lauds and bouses. It doas not yield him 2 per cent. From now I shall be worth more than $200,000,0001 and will have an income equal ' to six per cent op the amount.",. He;-,owns 030,840 shores of railway stock, valned at $88,760,000, bis railway bonds amount tb $26,867,420, he holds $70,680,000 in govern ment and' a trifle of £6,000,000 in other securities-the aggregate wealth of this Midas being $201,332,413. And the snow-ball rolls on. 