CIVILISATION AND CHRISTIANITY -IN . ' NSW GUINEA. -?.? ?- ' j Some idea of the warm interest taken by the public of Sydney in the civilisation and Christianising of New Guinoa j »vas afforded last evening hy a densely-cro»vded meeting held at the Pitt- street Congregational Church, to uocord a pubho welcome to the Hey. W. G. Lawes and Mrs. Lawes, who havo latoly arrived from the mission in New Guinoa. Tho building was filled to ovcrflWing in overy part, the wholo of the Beats being occupied, und nil the standing space in the passages, stairs, and corridors fully taken up, while many »vero unable to gain entrance The nudionco was most enthusiastic in thoir reception of tho vnriom speakers, and msnifostcd the keenest interest ia thoir remarks. His Excellency the üovérnor occupied tho chair on an .elovated platform, and thero wore present Commodore Erskine, tho Itov.W. G. Lawes, Sir Alfred Stephen, tho Hon. G.- R. DibbB,' Colonial Treasurer ; tho Hon. John Stewart; M.L.C. ; tile Hon. ,A. Gordon, M.L.C. ; Sir John Robertson, Mr. It. B. Smith, Mr. C. J. Hobarts, C.M.G., Mr. F. Abigail, Mr. M'Lnughlin, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Withers, M's.L A. ; Sir George Innes, Major- Genornl Do»vnes ; Captain Loftus, A.D.C.; Mr. Unwin,' Governor's socrorary ; Baron Miklouho-Maclov, l)r. Garran, Dr. Mooro White; Captain Turpie, of the John Williams ; Captain Acland, H.M.t?. Miranda; Chiof-ongineor Giles, Lieutenant Drake, uud Lieutenant II. S. Smith, of H.M.S. Nelson; Ilev. \V. La»v, chaplain H.M.S- Nelson; Kov. 3. Jefferie, Rev. George Lone, kev. S. Wilkinson, Eov. G. Campbell, Hov. Ö. Savogo, nnd olher ministers' of various denominations; Messrs. J. H. Goodlet, J. F. Mann, M. Medcalf«, W. Neill, Alex. Dean, G. A. Lloyd', and others. Among the nudienco woro a number of blue jackets from har Majesty s ships on thiB station. . A strong choir Bang the anthem ,%0 praise tho Loi el, all yo Heathen"-as part of the pre- liminary proceeding His Excellency the Uovbiinob, in opening tho pro- ceedings, said: I wish to testify'to the pleasure »vhich it uffords me to proeide at this meeting, the object of which is to accord a cordial welcome to tho Kev. Mr. La»ves, »vho has latoly returned to thiB oolony after nn abeonco of 10 years devoted to the causo of civilisation and Christianity, and to reoord our high appreciation trad admiration of his valuable services in Now Guinoa. (Applause.) < I cannot omit on this occasion, while, offering our acknowledgments to tho Kov. Mr. La»vos,'to mention the partner of his joyB, of his troubles, his porilB, and his ploasures-Mrs. Lawos. (Applause.) With a oouragoouB and unflinching zeal Mrs. La»ves has supported and assistod her husband in all his labours, otpecially iu tho establishment and maintenance of a Behool at Port Moresby, »vhich is the first necessary stop to tho civilisation and Christianising of the sable children of that heathen population. In that work and labour or lovo Mr. and Mrs. Lawos have beon ably soconded hy the Revs. Mr. Chalmers and Mr. M'Farlano, who aro worthy of our thanks, and with them 1 would nlso name Mr. Murray, who WBB the tiret person to send native teachers through Now Gutneu. Previous to 1874, Mr. and Mrs. Lawes had passed 11 »oars in tho South Sons, at an island whioh, I bellove, was called Savage Island, and 1 believo it thoroughly ans»vered to its name, und they wero enablod before they loft to convert the worst of eavages to be a Christian people. (Applause.) These highly meritorieuB and Christian ministers have dovotcd their lives to the civilisation of thosB races on whom the light of tho Gospel had not pre- viously shone, and wo may trust and hope that their labours have not proved wholly in vain. It is to »uch men that tho Christian world owes a largo debt of gratitude, and it is the object of our meeting this evening to record our admiration ot their priceloiB sorviceB. (Applause.) They oarried, bb it were, their lives daily in thoir hands. They wero Bubiectsd to overy sort of priva- tion and danger and care while thuy pursued »vith un- flinching neal tbo conscientious performance of their duties, scoking no worldly gain, no »lorldly honour, morely intent on carrying out tho great »vork of thoir Christian duty. (Applause.) May this »vork, thiB great Christian »vork, continue and prosper; may it bo blossod to those who minister, and those who Hro ministered to ; and may the namcB of these pioneers of Christianity and civilisation be handed down from generation to generation as noble examples of self eacritice, of unflinching oourage, of indomitable perseverance, and of ardent zeal in a righteous and noble cause. (Loud upplaueo). Tho Kev. J. JnrïERis then rosa to move the first resolution. As tho President of tho London Missionary Society in this provinco ho had tho honour to bring for »vard before the meeting »resolution concerning thoir friends, Mr. and Mrs. Lawos. Tho resolution was as followB : " That this meeting, recognising tbo services rondored to Christianity and civilisation by the arduous and Belf-donying laboure, in No»v puinoa, of the Bov. W. G. La»vcs and his dovotcd »vifo, hereby offers them a tribute of loving admira- tion and friendship, and expréseos tho hope that their lives may long ho spared to carry on the »vork so auBpiciouBly commenced. A Bi'milar tribute of esteem is offered also to tho Hov. James Chalmers, who U now labouring on the mainland of Ne»v Guinea, and tho Itovs. A. W. Murrny and Matt. GUI, and Samuel Macfarlane, to whom aro duo the honour of initiating the mission." HisKxcellenoymuBthayo had many opportunities In the course of his long political oareor of observing how difficult it »vasto render anything like a publio tribute for servioos rendered on behalf of one's country to any »rho might deservo it »vithout indulging a littlo in flattery. But flattery, ho well kno»v from hie intercourse »vith their friend, Mr. La»ves, was a thing that that gentleman from his boult intensely ab- horred. (Applause.) 'lho work for »vhich thoy honoured Mr. La»ves , that night waa a work »vhich had been wrought in all ages of the Church by IhoBO »vho had gono out as devoted ebampkns of the Christian Church ; and there wero men upon that plat- form, such ob Messrs. Murray, Gill, Pratt, and Ellis, who had carriod out a grand work in their past oareer in connection with the samo old faith and in connection »vith tho samo old society. (Applause.) But that honour, duo to many, need not hinder thom from singling out for special honour some one »vho might bo deeply dcorving of it. To bo a (ruo niiBtiionary demanded heroism, con- stancy, and devotion in no ordinary dcgiec, and their brother »»as one »vho had displayed tbeeo qualities in no ordi- nary degree. (Applause.) As hie Excellency had nlready, remarked, before ils. und Mrs. Lowes commenced their ten years' work in New Guinea thoy had already been engaged for 11 yrara in the Christinnising of tho island called Sin-ago Island; and he (Mr. Jehoris) »»-oil remembered in his boy- hood the description given of that island, tho inhabitant« of »vhich »vero so fierce and revolting in their habits, and so in- clined to massacre everyone »vho landed upon their shores, that the early voyagers passed tho ¡Bland by, simplynnming it with the title which it boro, and withput endeavouring to effect a landing; but their brother and his wife, during tho 11 years they had been upon the island, had . cliangcd the whole aspect .of it, and thero »vas cow a Bettled and peaceful, government thero. (Applause.) There »vero churches and schools in every, part ot the island,'and ho believed thero was scarcely a home on it in which praise and player wero not'doily offered to tho Lotd God. (Applause) Mr. La»ves, ho'believod, if ho might trust the newspaper reportB, had said that the »vork ho had already dono in No»v Guinea had hoon done moro as a man than bb a Christian, lie did not know whether this »vas quite a fair representation ot tho words actually utteiod by Mr. La»ves, but if it wero ho did not »vender at it. 'J hero »vas a groat deal of human nntuie in him, and ho believed that it »tua by ap- pealing to the common qualities of our human biotherhood that the »vork of Christianity must bo begun and carried on. (Loud applause). Ho was suro Ihut the influonco Mr. Lawes had already gaiuod, not only »vith the natives of tho miana of Ni'iv Guiuen, hut also »vith those conneriod »vita Her Majobty'B Govornuiont, who had recently es- tablished a protectorate over that island, would bo employed to tho vory last degreoin tho endeavour to repress thoso out- rages whioh a fo»»'-a lew only (thov us Englishmen uttoily disowned them)-(applause)-a fe»v. to tho disgrace of their huuian nature, had perpotrated upon tho ey ast. lApplnuso). M r. Jelleria then said-" Mr. Lu»vcb and Mrs, Lawes, wo till greet you in the ñamo ot our country, which is justice, and in the name of religion, which is lovo-(loud applause) - and »vo bid you God epeed in J our great and honourable »vork. (Loud npplaueo.) Commodore Lkskjni!, »vho was oallt'd upon by hiB Ex- cellency, said ho rose with the greatest alacrity and pleusuro to socond tho resolution »vhich had been movod. Ho did so for two reusons. In the first place, it waa tho gioatost gratification and pleasure to bim to tako tho opportunity afforded of joining in tho hoarty »volcomo to Mr. Lavres ; mid, secondly, bocauso ho owed to Mr. Ln»vos n debt of grntitudo »vhich ho »vould bo unable to repay, but »vhich ho was at all tiints ready and anxious to acknowledge. (Appluuso.) An im- portait duty had lately devolved upon bim, mid had carriod him to the distant shores of Now Guinea, where, perhaps, under other circumstances ho should not have set his foot. Ho was therefore glad to have un opportunity of informing tho peoploof this country, ob ho bud already informed her Majosty's Govornuiont, that ho should havo beon totally unablo to carry out tbo orders ho had received hud it notbfon for the influence exerted in Now Guinoa by Mr. Lawes. Ho »vas glad to havo an opportunity, coming iib ho did from tho sceno of Mr. Lawes' labours, of tPBlifyine: to tho noblo work and good icmiHb »vhich bad bein achieved during his (Mr. Limos') timo on tho island. With rogurd mora especially to tho «orle ho lumadf had bcou ordorcd to carry out, ho thought tho renult of tlVit »vork nlouo »vas a sutlieient proof of the good »vork Mr. Lawes had done. Mr. anti Mrs. Lawes vi-iteel tho island of New Guinea soiiio ten years ago, nt which tinto thoy could not und dnrod not conimunicato with tnu people oi tbo country. But at the time ho (Commodore Eiskino) visited tho island-a fchort time ago-ho found that tho influence excrtfd by Mr. Llaves was very grout, and ho thought that any crowned hoad might bo proud to oxeroiso such influence over any ' ponplo. Ho did not intend to go into tho principles o'f missionary lifo as conneotod »vith tho difforent oeots ; but ho had, as a naval officer, durinrr tho laet fow years, soen the good work whioh 'liad boen dono on the islandB, and ho whs glad to teatifv to the good re»ulls which had boen achieved ni Now Guinea, The only ihiDC Mr. Lawes and Mrs Lawos could do when they first visited the islund, was to show the natives, by their lives and churaotor, all tho Christian virtues - (applause) - and tho work tbov* had accomplished was a work which but few, if culled upon, could do. Ho siso wished to acknowledge tho great assistancn hi; hud received from tho Rev. Mr. Chalmer*, nud he thought that if tho few words ho spoko reached Mr. Chalmers m hi» romoto country, ho would bo enoourugod to go on in Iho noblo work ho was doing. (Loud applause.) Ile could not resume his seat without tondonug hi» great admiration of the labours of Mrs. Lawes (applauRe)-who for 10 years bud sacrificed 'everything which ladies ejenerally considered the great interest« of lifo to devoto her time to her husband's work. No word» of praise could bo sufficient, for such a sacrifice, which would undoubtedly reoeive its own reward. (Applauso.) Ho bud the greatest possible pleaBtiro in seconding tho resolution. (Applause.) The resolution on being put was unanimously earned. A hymn was thou Bung, of which Iho following was tho first verso : ." ihon, whose almighty wold, Chooa und darkne-s heal d, And took thcli-iliçltt. Hear tis, we humbly pray ; And where the Gospel's day Sheds not its glorious my, Let there be light," Mr. Lawes, on rising, received an ovation, the'whole audience standing up and loudly applauding him. Ho said he felt quito overwhelmed, and «a though ho would muoh rather at almost any timo, and under any circumstances, tsco a Now Guinea audience th»n attempt to acknowledge tho ovorwholming kindneBS with wTiich thoy had greeted him. ne did not accopt the words of honour nnd praise that had been spokon as a mero compliment, but ho accepted thom as the expression of a kiadly interest nnd appreciation of their attempts in Now Guinea to raise tho fallen and eavo the lost, and so to extend the boundaries of tho living Churohof ChriBt, (Applause). Ho took only n »hare of tho honour to himself. The Comniodoro had rightly and wisely said that tho expression of kinduos», of interest, und of admiration of their meeting; would to thoBO who had beon associated with him in tho work in Now Guinea, bo encouraging, grateful, and stimulating. It was only ho know due to tho accident of his being present that tho tributo of honour and praiso had been laid at his feet. Ho looked upon the groat assembly boforo him as an indication of real intorost in tho mission work in Now Guinea, and as such ho rojoioed in it exceedingly arid took it as a good omen of the futuro of Blow Guinoa. Ho trusted the interest to which it had given riso i would not be disappointed, but would bear good and lasting fruit. No " words of hi« could exprosB tho thankfulness, gratitudo, and tho joy ho folt. He would now attempt to enter upon tho great subject that liad been assigned to him. Ho felt torribly impressed for two rensuns. First, it was fouryears »ince he hod nttomptod Jo address a meeting in English, and he had boon so long in tho buokwoods of civilisation that it was rather difficult for him tu find that vigorous und torso Jînçlish which ho should Uko to employ in urging Iho claims of New Guinea. They hud taken away what powers of utterance ho had bud, and had absolutely . confused his ideas. (Applauso and laughter.) Another embarrassing cause wa» the largeness and vaguoness of tbo subject. Ono might talk till morning and only just hnvo introduced the subject. He was present not as n traveller, oxplorer, or scientist. Un none of those grounds could ho claim a word of recognition from them, but as a missionary. (Applause.) Tho meeting had beon convened by those interested in the support of the Gospol, and he bolievod'that the Gospol alone could elevate and eavo tho peoplo of Now Guinoa. Howovor much ho might Bpeak of the country, its physical aspect, ils products, its climate, its mountains, its rivers, its people, and so on, bo hoped for sonto otbor and moro fitting opportunity to refer to these things; nnd to-night be .would epeak primarily and principally of their Christian woik in that largo island. (Applause.) As bad already been inti r. ated, thore wero two branches of their' mission in Now Guinoa. Ono (the western branch, comprising tho district of tho Ply and Katow Rivers) was under tho »u perintOudcnoo of his brâtbron and oollcagucs, li o v. Samuel M'Parlano and Rov. A. "W. Mun ay. Tho residence 'of those missionaries was not in Now Guinea, on account of the uuhcalthiuoss of that part of tho coaBt, but Ihoy resided on Murray Island, in Torres Straits. That branch of the miroton work was curried out on lines somewhat different fnun tho other, and it whs practically distinct, as it whs geographically separate. Tho ouetorn branch bud for its Iiuropenn stall Mr. Ohalmors, MrB. Lawos, and himself (Mr. Lawes), and their eontro of opérations bud beon at Port Moresby. Tho mission was begun with u prospecting 'voyago made in 1871 by Mr. M'Farlane and Mr. Murray,"and at that fitno soma tcacbors wore loaatcd on some of tho islands of TorreB Straits. In the following year some teachers wore landed at Rcdscar Buy, but tboy wera ntterwurds removed in consequence of sickness and death nmongBt them. The mission was begun at Port Moresby in 1873, the honour of commencing work thero, and iileotho honour many years bofoio of introducing tho Gospel to Iho -Tow Heondes and Now Caledonia; belonging to tho IW. A. W. Murray. (Applauso.) Mrs. Lawes and himself (Mr. , Lawes) followed, al riving in Novotnber, J.S7-, which was just 10 yoars beforo tho proclamation of the protectorate at Port Moresby. They woro taken thero in the mission burquo John Wil- liams, tho little mission .sohooner Ellengowan being alongside. 'Ihey hud a small weatherboard houso with them, a house that was literally Iho houso that Jack built, ior it was put up inflvo days by tb.B Builors ot tho John Williams, 'the captain of tbo voflBel erected n fing Bluff, and for tbo first timo the British ensign was hoisted at Port Moresby. (Applause.) Ho (Mr. Lawes) und Mrs. Li wes landed one morning at Ó o'olock, und tbo two vessels, leaving shortly afterwards, thoy found thomsolvos alono amongst the so-cnlled savages of New Guinea. With roferenco to the tribB« which woro to be found along tho southern Bhoios of Now Guinoa, thoso at Port Moresby wero a light- coloured mee, similar in colour and of a similur raco to the Eastern Polynesians, 'l'hoir customs and languugo ehowod that they belonged to tho sumo lae« as the MaoriB of Now Zealand, though they wero not so fino a people. Thoy had found those natives broken np into n number of tribes, all Bpcaking dillorent dialocts, until Hall Sound was reached, when tho natives becamo darker in colour and somewhat différant in specoh und habits. Ho nnd Mis. Lawos hadnover beenindungorof being oaten at Port Moresby, but tboy hud found cannibals at ea_i end of tho south couBt. Ono representative of n cannibal tribo made tho uequainlanoe of tbo Commodore at tbo eiiBt ond of the island, nud west of Motu Motu thora wero alto oannibals to be found. But at PortMorcsby, though tho natiyes woro not'cannibals, they wero everything oleo. When ho first went there ho found them a suspicious, (htovtng, trouble- some crowd. Thoyjvero exceedingly suspicious, miscon- struing his every notion, and thero wnsno discrimination in their thieving-keys, tools, clothes, and «von books were taken in a most mysterious manner. Nothing seemed to bo amiss with thom. Ho had in his library now some volumes which showed by tho dirty fingermark» about them that they had passed through many nativo houses bofoio hoing brought buck to him and oiferod for sale. (Laughter.) Their house hud been a continual aourco of wonder and admiration to Iho nut ives, and tboy bad bad far moro visitors Ibun ihey cared for. (Laughtor.) Tim pictures woro a novor-fiuliug sourco oi wonder, and his Excellency might bo glad to know that one of the first pictures bung in tbo Houso was a largo photograph of her Majesty tbo Queen. (Cheers.) So they had mod to be loyal, nnd from tbo earliest days tho nativos had boon familiar with her Majesty's uoino-ho much so, in fact. Unit tho other duy when tho proclamation of tho protecto- rate whs read tho niuno of " Victoria" was as familar lo the natives as a household word. Ono of tho ohiofs, who constituted himself rb showmiin to tbo village, used to describo this picturo of tho Queon, and ho (Mr. Lawas) had beon amused at his telling; soma strangers that in the even- ing, when no ono wns about, her Majesty eamo down out of tho tiioturo-franio and talked. (Laughtor.) All tho amusa monts of himself and Ih'r wifo had beou lookoi upon with suspicion, and they bud boen supposed to bo tho cause of disease, theruieors of ghosts, the robbers of gardons-almost overy trouble that huppmed was attributed lo thom. Several plots bud beon formed to multo away with thom, and annex their goods; but tboy had fiiend» among tbo people, and under tho good providonco and watchful euro ol God. no barm lind hoon Buifond to befall thom. (Cheers.) Tho early days of their lifo at Port Moresby woro still fresh in (heir memory. There was ono thing that could not possibly foil to strike any visitor io New Guinea, and that wus tho moral utmosphoro that prevailed thore. Vice existed in Sydney in somo of its most i ovolting and torriblo foims, but lhere was a toua of society in Sydney which condemned it. At Port ¡Moresby and in Now Guinoa generally, vico was not disgraceful ; thieving was not disgraceful ; and Iho murder which would boro arnuso indignation und horror, would in Nfw Ouinoa bun subject for boasting. Ho would not woury tbo mooting by describing tho history of hi» misxion during Iho 10 yciirs. It had beon a timo ot much anxioty mid chic, and a good donl of Boirow and Bullering, not imiiiiijgl« »d, howovor, with io} und thiinksitiving. No muntum ol their Noifr Guinea mission could possibly bo mudo without honour being given to thoso who bud been lils collu lyuiH-bo ineiiiit tbobiuid of j South Sen Island tem lior-i--(cheers)-(ho runk and filo of J llieir iiiiny in Now Guinea, without whom thny would bovo j bton helpless to do tho wink of Christ. (Applause.) Tliesn touchers budcoiiiotroiii ninny of Iba islands in thoPouth Sous -Iioin '1 ahm, Karutongu, Munica, und tho Loyalty Islund». Tboy wero 28 in number, mid Ihoy occupied ninny stations, extending, willi wido gap» hero und thorn, irom Motu Motu in tho west to liust Cupo in tho oust. Ono of theso louchera at Port Moresby niisiht lui rogurded as a very fuir spociinen of thoso South Sea Island people. Ho wiir tuleen to Port Moresby bv Mr. Muriiiv ii your boforo his (Mr. Lawos') arrival, and lui had benn there 11 yours steadily working. Ho had an uniii/.ing mlliieric« over tho people, and hud provad hniKclf not only tho friend of tho natives but of tho white mun iil»o. About seton yours »go thero wau an iiiiliix of diggora to Port Moresby, and somo of them were stricken with mukiios'i. This nutivo toucher altonded to these diggers anil watched ovtr them most tendorly, und lio curried ono on Iii» buck from flin placa in which bo wus stiiiki n down, and took bim In his own homo. (Applause.) About that timo a Gorman bud a sloio lit Port Moresby, and ii Scotchman wns associated with him in tho bu»inoss. dun Sunday tho Rcotchinnn wib bamuioring away and working wliilii (ho ' nativo toucher wa» conducting BPrvicn cIo«n by. Thotonchor got his Bible, and opened it »t thr, 2lst chapter ot lixodus, and going to tbo Subbuth-breukor, ho put tim J3iblo boforo bim, and pointed tn tho fourth iwrmnaniltrmnt, nnd suid. " Seo that." Tim »»-hito face from ' the land ' of Bibles, ' looked up At tho faco of his durk visitor and sa»v ho »vas not to bo., trifled., »vith, for Ihm nativo toncher »vos not only a Christian, but a very muscular Christian. (Laughter,) Then tho white < man looked, and saw the long- forgotton »yordu "JXemcin bcr the Sabbath Day, to keep it holy." And the nativo said. "What for »ou wak« mo liar? You scud mo the. Bible, and J ho Bible tolls mo not,to »york on Sunday. But vou come hore and »vork all day. What for you make iao liar!"' (Applause.) So the »vhito man has lenniod to four, reeticct, nnd honour the nitivo teachor iib much as tho . natives of the place did. This teacher »vas a t» po of Ibu South Son Island toaohor generally. Thoy claimed, and ought to bave, tho sympathy of all whito men »vho visited Now Guinea; and yet thurn »volo flame personB »»ho tried 'to harass and nnuoy and obstruct tlieso men, wIiobo fathers »vero Ravago, lind many of thom cannibals. Ho kne»v ono »vhite mun who by birth, education, and social position should be a gentleman, but who had given payment lo the Hiiti»-08 on Sunday for flah and vegetables in order <o encourage them in Sunday trading, and »»'lion tho bell bad been ringing for school ho had «»'cn children bits of tobacco to stay n»vny. Ho had taught the nutivoa tho foulest onths and linguago, and >et tilia »vas ti lunn who, though ho might be called a heuthon, hud boen at Eton or Hnrmw. Thero was another clan« of teachers, and ono of »vhich ho would speak »»-Ith the greatest thankfulness anil rejoicing. In addition to Iheso South boa ¡slnndora, thoy bud a band of nine New Guineans and their »vivos, who »vero now engaged in tho Christian »york. (Chows.) tJne of tho last services ho had nttonded at Port Moresby »vas an ordination service, in »vhich eight young mun and thnir wives won) sot apart for this »\\-ork. One bad been Bet apiu t for tho work on a pre- vious occasion, and all thean »vero now engagod in touchors of Christianity lo thoir countrymen. »Applause) Ho »vould no .v uko to say a lo»v »vords aH to the chnractcrof tho worK m whioh they hud benn engugr-d. lit- »vas afinid that tho normal idea of a missionary in No»v Guinoa »vos nut tho correct on6. They had nothing to do »vith black coats, they had no long sermons, aud thoy did not carry about Bibles aud prayer books in thoir bags »vhen thoy »vent from plaoa to plaoe. Their »implu object lind boen to introduce to tho people the trospel of our Lord and Sn»ñour Jesus ChriBt ; and, ho»vovcr imporfoctly thoy had carried it out, thoir resolve hnd boon that of tho first great missionary Apostle of tho Gentiles,-thoy had do tortiuncd to leave nothing among tho nutives excopt Jesus Christ nnd Ihm crucified. Thoy Rtrovo to tnnko known t» tho nativos tho angels* song, '" Penco on earth and goodwill to all pcoplo," and tried to do this »vith iir littlo as possible of sectarianism. (Hear, boar.) Thoy know nothing, nnd wished to know nothing, of any "isms" in New Guinea ; thoy had nu s» stonie of theology, but bad taken tho story of Joans Christ, that wondorful story, »vhich wherovor it wont »von response from human hearts ; and thus thoy had tiiod to master thuin. But it »vas not to bo done by orul preaching. Ono of the previous speakers struok tho true nota »vhon hu said that the effect of tboir touching was in tho lito ; it »vas m tho practical. Thoy should treat these people »h they »vould Infants, by giving thom object lCBSons, ohjoct lessons in Ghrißtinnit»'. Tho natives understood »vhat truth, honoBty, purity, juBlico, and love »vere, not by thoir talking nbout thom iiibroken nativo language, but by what thoy bi»v in tho missionaries' livos. (Hoar, hear.) It »vue tho lives of mon amongst them that told upon thopoople moat. Ile did not by any mcaue depreciate oral teaching, arid their South Sea Island teachers »voro amazingly fond of preaching sermons, often not vory Bhort oither, but thoy had to piok up the nativo language. Thoy »vero often oil'ored good odvioo iib to teuohing tho natives in EngliBh, but he held it to bo absurd and uselose to attempt to make the many leam the language of the ono individual ; it »vtiB only common senae that tb,o one should loam the language of tho many. (Applause.) Everyone know the difficulty ot turning out English and French scholars in our o»vn schools, and it »vould ho much moro diffi- cult to teach the language- whero tho peoplo had no dosiro for kno»vledge, nnd no culture whatover. ; Thoy tried to moko thoir sohools aa attraotivo na possible, i Tho natives proved themselves to bo tibia to loam siuglng, and among other things to slug " God eavn tho Queen," aud the Miiriollniflo hymn. Thoy bad an English class, as he was teaching tho most adviinoed tho English tonguo, »vhich »vould bo most usoful to thom. Ho found thom canablo of learning ulmost anything thov could bo taught, including useful work such a» carpontoiing and tho handling of tools. In various »»'ays thoy triod to induce tho peoplo to accept tho religion of Jesus Christ in us simulo and puru a form us possible Ho had no deslio to Anglicisa them, and did not traoh thom religion in Anglican form. Thoy did not »vish to Anglicise thom in any wuy, nvon in clothing. A sa vago was just ub muoh a sa va go in shirt and trousers as in his native rig-in fact, ho »»'as a yory much nicer savage in his feathers and paint. The Commodore had already borno valuablo testimony to the iniprBBBion mudo on his mind by tho confldouco which had boon established. This »vita dono by no exceptional qualities of thoirs, hut hy thoir showing that thoro »vas a good dual of human nuturo in thom, und that thoy wished to establish friendly relations between the ntitivcn and thein BelveB, bo that now one mtgbt go with sifety in almost any part of Now Guinoa »vhcio the labour vessels had not beon, -(groans)-nnd one »vould bo as kindly rocoived as if ho were in this colony. Somo men and woroon lind .embraced Christianity, hut they did not uccout nnyof them without thoy personally embraced the truth, and gave ovidence in tboir live« of having become diBoiploB of Christ. Thoy desired to onlist tho Bympathie« of the »vomeu, bocauso they exorcised great influence ovor tho mon. Some of the »vomon had bocomo very apt scholars, and the natives generally »»oro remarkably quick nnd clover in convoying intelligence to oach other, and . by thsBo moana kno\»'le<lgo of tho doing« of the missionaries, and tho story of Christ and tho gnspol, had spread through tho lund. Thoy bud established not only a collngo, but had also translated into the nativo tonguo a considorablo portion of God's Word. They ,had alrsady in print tho Gospols of SS. Matthovv and Mark, a hymnbook, and a goography nnd a some sohoolbooks, »vhich constituted thuir onliro nativo library ; but he hod no»v »vith him, and it »vus bia principal object iu | coming to Sydney, tho Gospels of St. Matthtw ravisod, Mark, Luke, and Jobn which ho hoped to got printed hore to tako »vith him to Now Guinea. (Applause) Thoy hud always felt and acted up lo thu belief that thiiy could expect no real genuino Christian life1 until the natives had tho »Void of Life, that thoir »vork would rest on no firm bnsis until the peoplo had ia their o»vn tonguo a portion at leaBt of God's Word. In addition to (his ho had the material for a grammar and dictionary of tho lang'uago of tho Motu tribes. Ho »vas glad to slato that Mr. Stuart bud kindly oJfoted to print thoso. (Loud applause.) Ho hopod, with the kiud_ nsaiat anco of a beloved friend, a soholarly linguist lind a Polynesian scholar- The Rev. George Pratt -to bo able to oomploto this »vork, »vhich »vould bo of great valuo to _ tho Governtnout aud to thoso »vho might bo visitingNuw Guinoa for vatioUH purposes, besides boing a valuablo contribution to philology. No one kno»v moio of Now Guinea than his colleague Mr. Chalmers, or Tamati us ho »vas called, »vho had travelled milos »vhoro olhois lind travelled furlongs, and if the record of his travels woio writton »vith tho BOiiio fullness of publicity as thu recent proceedings of tho Nelson had boon published in the column« of tho Sydney Morning Herald, they would more than fill an " Encyclopaedia Brittannia," and several Other volumes of tho samo Bino (Applauso.) Thoy had endeavoured to do all they could in opening up tho country as, well as in ofloruig lacililips to thoso who had gono with tbutobjoct in view. (Hoar, hoar.) Ho did not kno»v that ho could say much moro, ltuinom boring No»v Guinea, na it »vus ten years' ago, he could seo and fully rojoioo in tho »vondrous chango. Thieving lind boLOitio u thing of tho pair, tho peoplu had bi'oomo fairly honest ; thieving had bccouio shumed down by tho public tono and uioial sonso of »vhich tho »vant was bo apparent at tho time ot the first urri»al. New Guinoa had eiilorcd upon a now era, and that ora had boon Inuugurutod under tbo most nuspicious and promising ciroumBUnceH. (Hear, hear.) Commodore Erskiuo bud spoken »vords of uroat kinduoss inoxpiossing his »loop and (ruo sympathy with them in thoir work. Those »vords wero only in harmony with nil tho intercourse ho and his officer» had hid with them during tho past six »vooks. (Applause.) The honourable duty had dovolvod upon him to proclaim a protectorate o»'or No»v Gtiiuea, but other mon might have disebaiged thatduty »vilhout winning ' tho esteem and goodwill of the natives as ho lind dutio. (Applause.) In the South Sen Islands tho name of n dis- tinguished relativo of tho Commodore's, natnoly, Captain lîrskioo, »vas still cherishad by tho natives, aud bo lang us this generation butti d, tho name ot Commodore Erskiuo would be equally cherished in Now Guinea, and his memory roimim fragruut. (Applause.) Tho IN olson »vas not generally classorl willi missionary ships, und yet, ho thought ho might claim hnr ai one, inasmuch us ho bud been tho roprofioutiitivuof justiou mid rlghtenusnoss, und these wore both very Important ¡toms in their Gospel- (applauso)-of »vhich the nativos had very lit tin coucoption. Tho natives had soen thopo»verof England in thavossclanf thosquadron which had vlBited thom, and they know that that power had nuvor beon exevcisod to Injure one of thuin. They had nover soen such ti fleet of war canoes as that whit li lind visitad them within the past t»vo montliH, and that thtiso ships should go away »vithout injuring any ono of thom, or so murri as taking a cocoanut to »vtiloh thoy bud no right, had a mural olfcct which no amount of talking and sermons »vould havo had. (Applauso.) 'Jliostciiiu hammer, that, could have crushed tliu granite', did not so much as crude tbo »yatch glass. ThiB tho rnetivcH could bob nnd understand. Ha lind been glad to sun that lim men of tim squadron had maintained the honour of thoir ling and their country. (Lund eheora ) Although thom »vero auch lurgti numbors on tho ships, and immy of them constantly on shore ni. different piucos, he had not heard a whisper of ti complaint against a ningi" blue, jacket. (Hennived choora.) Tho »voik of proclaiming tho fioteclorato had beeil dono and done woll, aud it hud been douu lu a Christian atiiiil. (Choors.) For after nil England waa a Uhiistmn country, und this was ii Christian "olony- (npplnmo)-and if w11 »veto lo eliminate Christm-iil» fioin our laws anti social lito, tho »vliolo fabric »vould fall to pieces. (Applauso.) Thu flag lhat now »vnvtd at Now Guinea, nnd that had braved tbo buttlu und thu breeze for ho many gont ratiuiis, had braved thom because tho basis of that ling, as tliey »vcdl know, »um tho Cioss. (Applauso.) Ho »vmhod ho lind tho longue ol a Demosthenes that ho might appeal to Hie heurta of tilia great assemblage on behalf til' Now Guinea, »vhoro they lind so far only tried un experi- ment, and carried on a Cln ialiun mission- on a small scaln. lint thoy had found that they could gain the mastoiy by goiitl treutmont anti by tim oxampl« ot a Christian life. Uley bud Pio\'cd that tha Gospol was tlioonly p»»ver in a matter of this kind. They had «reeled a beautiful cross, nnd men and women weio sitting beneath it in peace, enjoying lito and liberty. But as to thu roBt of tho natives nioner tim mast. thero wero wide gopn boro and thora whero tbo »atna of Christ was Billi unknown. Ho wished that ho could uigo 'upon thuin the responsibilities that muBt bo thoh-s. Ho appealed to Australian Christinas. Now Guinea neodod to be brought into closer relations wit" Australia. Commerça would bo represented thero na well ii» art audsnienco; but ho would tu,k what about Chris- tianity P Would thoy not tako caro that Christianity wai -epiosented too, so that thoy might multo known to tin peoplo tho only saving power-tho gospol of Jesus Otvriul» Tboir own aborigines bad boen too long noglo:ted and tor gotlon, but in Now Guinea thoy had virgin soil, whero in. ovil influences bud been at "work, and whoro human beings woro asking for tbo bread of life. Now Guinea had to bo won for Christ, and Australia should be tho first to win it, (Applsueo.) Tho chief of tho tnbo tit Port Moresby bad a fing on which. Was imprinted a hird of piu-adlso. Ho thought limy might curry that still further, and rosolvo that tbo truo biri! of paradise should fiuttor ovorovory villugo and tribe in Now Guinea, raising men from the miro and filth into tho puadlsoof God bimsulf. (Loud applause.) Sir A__&_u Stevuen said that to bim bad boon en- trusted a very pleasing and easy duty, viz., Unit of propos- ing that tho thunkB of tho mooting should bo given to his E\collency tho Governor for presiding ou tho ocoubíoií. Tho tonne of tho resolution which had been placed in his bauds woro as follows : " That this mcoting, appreciating tho kindnoss of hi» Excolloncy in pioslding this ovoning, prosontB to him ii cordial voto of thanks." Ho was euro that ovory person prosout had folt deeply and intensely intoreslod in tbo proceodings mid in tho object of tbo mooting, also m all Unit bud boon said, and ospocially in tho most interest- ing and admirable, address, full of eloquonco in all its dutuil», that they had just hoard from Iho lips of a distinguished miBsionaiy. Aud tboy must havo folt highly gratified with the most appropiiato und eloquent addrosB which thoy hud beard from his ISxcol lonoy. (Applauso.) It was a very littlo sacrifico for many of thuin, und ospocially thoso who woro young, to attend a mootiug snob ob that in which they bad talton psrt, but ho thought ho might ssy, with regard loins Mxcollonoj, that bo wus not gonorully pleased or happy at coining ou of his homo in the ovoning. Hu would not albulo to it as ( groat »uorifieOj but he hupponod to know thnt it was «quio snorilloo to his lfixoolloniiy. Ho was suro, however, that any plonauro hi» llxcollonoy could havo derived at homo that ovoning would not huvo boon so great n» tho ploastuo ho now folt at having discharged his duty so efficiently and bo well. (Loud applauso.) Captain Tuiil'iii, of tho uiiBBlonnry vpbsoI John "Williams, , seconded tho resolution, and in doing so rafurrod at somo ' lougtb bo tho stops taken ia connection with landing mis- x sioüarios ou tho island of Now Guinea in tho oarly duys. Ho referred to tho timo whon ho first landed Mr. und Mis. Lawes at the island known as Savage Island, mid oontendod that since that time a great work had besa dono in Now (Jninan by the nativo tenohars. Ho was glud that tho I'rotootornto had boen OBtnblishod in Now Guinon, bocauso wharras vessels hud boon afraid it approach somo parts of tho coast, they would now bo able to approach uny part of the coast with Bafety, i lio roBolutiou was eui riod with acclamation, tho pooplo risintr from tboir scats and applauding. His ExcKLLitNav oxpn ssod tho groat plonauro it hnd given bim to attend the inoetlng; und tbo proocodlngs closed with tho einging of tho following hymn (to the tune of tho National Antbom), and with tho benediction: " Clod bless our native land, I'll m muy sho ovci stand, Thiough storm and night; When tun wild tempest» nive» Hitler of winds and wave, Do Thoa car oouiiti y suve, 11}'Thy gi eut might. " l'or her our prayer «hall rho To God above the okius; j On Ulm no wait. 1 Thou m hu arl o\ cr tilth, GuunlliiK with wutehlul cyo, To Theo alone w o ci y Ood Buvo the tjtiite." 