ootromsioHt To aay that then, wu a 'sensation' would feebly deeoribs what followed. Every one in oourt sprang to bis feet. 3 The prisoner looked as it he bad seen a ghost. Thenwts a perfeot hubbub of voices, as bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the foliation' table poured questions upon me, to nous of whloh I replied. SUenea being restored, tbe voice of the judge— grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor— des- cended like vocal oil on the troubled waves ol sound. - vvno idiuuom you, sir. uunoosr 7 'Mr.Bentley.mylord.' The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name wu familiar enough to him M a judge, f-nd he bad known it even baiter when, as a leading barrister, be bad held many a brief bom me. ' I sin persuaded,' said he, ' that a gcntlt man of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience bu good reason for what be doss. , But so extraordinary and unheard-of — twill ask Mr. Betsey himself if he really considers that duty requires Urn to offer himself u ? witness, and when and why he owns to that oonoloalonf' 'My lord,' I replied, 'I am certain thst, believing what I had oause to believe witUa ths last five minutes, I should bs greatly to blame it I did not tesUfy on oath to certain facts whloli are within my own knowledge. Bat it the prisoner chooses to call me ae a wit ness, your lordship will presently understand why It is that, with all submission, I oannot at this moment, or until I am in tho box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to ths prisoner will greatly depand on his answers to certain ques tions which I wish, with your lordship's sanolion, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me u I expect, t believe my evi denoe will put an end to the ease against him.' ' llsally, gentlemen ot the Jury,' said his lordship, 'this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspeot. 1 hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his llfo should answer questions nut to bim iu private by the prosecuting soUollor is tin most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which ever oame under my notloo. It is the more dilUoult tor mo to doolde because tko prisoner bu not tbo advantage of ooun sel's uslstsnoe.— Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should bo called u a wit ness on your behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions whioh he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of oonrse you are not bound to answer any suob ques tions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say?' ' I am in God's hands, my lord,' answered the prisoner, who wu quite oalm again. 'It may bo that ne wu raiaod up a ddlroror for me— I oannot tell. But I know that if lie wills that I should die, no man aan save me ; if He wills to savo me, naught can do mo harm. Bo I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentleman wishes.' ' I propose,' said the judge, ' before de aiding this extraordinary point, to consult with tbe learned Bworder in the next oourt.' All rose u the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped ths questions wUob assailed mo from every side by burying my sell in a consultation with my oounsel. When be heard what the reader knows, be lull* upheld me in what 1 proposed to do; and then threw himself book in his seat with tbe air of a man whom nothing could ever MtonMiAgaln. 'Si.UMeF'orlsd the oih«t--To« J«df« wu returning. ' I ban decided,' said he, ' to allow the questions to bs put u Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to mi for my approval.' I sat down and wrote my questions, and thoy wore pawed up to tbe judge. As he read them, ho looked moro surprised thin ever. But all be said, u he banded them down, was, ' Put tbe questions.' I walked up to tbo dock and gave them into tho prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them oarefullj through, and wrolo his answora slowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my band, I got into the witness-box and wu sworn. My evidence wu to tbo effaot already stated. As I described tbo man 1 had seon undor tho lamp, with my face averted from tho prisoner and turned to the Jury, I ssw that thoy were making a oarsful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought by twelve years, they found that ths dowtlpllon tallied closely with the man's appearanoe. ' I produoe this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to whloh theprisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. TiiMe are the quoslions and answors : ' Qaestiun : Were you smoking when you csmoup t) the corner ot Usurasi-stroot 7 — Answer: No. ' Question : Did you afterwards smoko ?— Answer : I had no lights, ?? Question : Did you try to get a light 7 Answer : Yes, by climbing a lamp at the oornor ; but I wu not steady onough, and I remember I broke my hat against tbo cross bar. ' Question : Where did you carry your pips and tobacco?— Answer: In my bat. ' Those answers,' I concluded, ' are abso lutely correct in every particular, Tbe man whom I saw under ibe lamp, at eight o'olook on the night of tho murder, behaved ae tbo answers Tndlcste. That oonoludes tbe evi dence I have felt bound to tender.' And I handed tbe slip of paper to the usher for in spection by ths jury. ' Prisoner,' Inquired the judge, 'do you call any other witness 1 ' ' I do not, my lord.' ' Then, gentlemen,' said tbs judge, turning to the jury, 'the one remark that I shall make to yon is this— that if you believe the story ot the prisoner's witness, .(hers can be little doubi but that the [irispnsrwu the man whom in* witness saw at lbs oorner «f Hanrski- street at eight o'clock w the tfght in question ; end if that wu so.it is«lear, on the cue ol the prosecution, that he ttooot have committed tlos murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is Ultsly, to ?ay the least, to be without Mas in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidence is very strongly corroborated indeed by ths prisoner's answers to tbe written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict.' 'We are agreed, my lord,' said tht lore man. 'Gentlemen of the jury,' sung out tbe clerk of arraigns, ' are you all agreed npon your verdict?' ' We an.' 'And that verdict Is?' ' Mot guilty.' ' And that is the verdict of you all r ' It is.' There followsd a bunt of cheering whleb the usher oould not silenoe, but whioh sllenoed itself u the Judge wu seen to be speaking. 'John Harden— I am tbankfnl, every man in this court is thankfal— that your trust in tbe mercy and power of the All-merciful and All-powerful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating vsrdiot ot tbe jury, and most wonderful bu been your deliverance. Yon go forth a free man ; and I am glad to think that tbe goodness ot God bw been bestowed on one who hu repented ot his pest sins, and wbo is not likely, I hope end believe, to be unmindful ot that goodness hereafter. You are discharged.' Had be been left to Uuuelf, I think tht prisoner's old master would have climbed into the dock, with tbe view of personally deliver ing his servant out of Iho house of bondage. But ha wu restrained by a sympathetic con stable, while John Harden wu neonveyed tor a short tine to tbe gaol, to undergo cer tain necessary ;tormalit(ss connected with his release from custody. I volunteered to take charge ol Mr. filoeum, and took him to ths vestibule of the prison, overwhelmed during tbe short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon Joined by Harden, whoso meeting with his mailer brought a lump Into tbe throat even of a tough orimlnal lawyer like rnyseU. I saw tbem into a cab, and thur drove off to Mr. Blccum's hotel, after promising to call on mi next aay, and enlighten me on certain paints u to mliloh I wu sUU in the der As string! a part ot my story as any, hat yet to bs told. I bad hardly got bank to my oDoe and sallied down to read over lbs various letters which were awaiting my slgnetan, whin my lato client (Harden1! prosecutor) w*i eonounoed. I had lost sight of Urn to the exoitemMt wbieh foUowedtlie acquittal. Hi did not wail to learn whether 1 wu engaged ' or not, but, rushed after the dark lpto «y room. He wu ashen while, or rathirgny. - -'?- and his knees shook eo that he oouUtearwlr ' ?'- stand; but his eyes positively bbwad with wrath. Leaning over my table, hanrooosdtd, in tht presenoe of the astonished elwk, £o pour upon ms a flood of abuse and Invective . ot the foulest Und. I had sold him i I was tn league with tho prisoner. I wu a swind ling thief of a lawyer, whom be would have struok off the rolls, Ac, ; until I really thought be bad gone out ot his mind. As soon at I oould get in a word, I ourtly explalneo tbat it wu no psrt ot a lawyers duty to try and hang a man whom bo knsw to be innooent. As he only replied with ahnsive language, I ordered him out of the office. The oflloo quioted itself onoe more — being far loo busy, and alto too well accus tomed to oooontrio people to have tlmo for long wonderment at anything— and in an hour I had finished my work, and wu pro paring to loavo for homo, whan another visi tor wu snnounoed — Inspootor Forrester. ' Well. Mr. Forrester, what's iho matter now ? I'm just going off,' ' Horry if I put you out of the way, sir ; but I thought you d like to hesr what's hap pened. TuonroBooutor in liarden's case has givon bimsoll up for tbo murder I ' ' What? '1 shouted. 11 Ho just bu, eir. It's a queer day, this is. When I heard you get up and give evi dence for Iho man you were proseoutlna, I thought ourlosillos wu over for ever; but seems thoy afn't, and never will bo.' 'How was it?' 'Well, he oamo into the station quite quiet, and scorned a bit cut down, but that was all. 8%ld fato was against bim, and bad savod tbo man bs thought to hang in his stead, and ho know how It most end, and oouldn't wait any longer. I cautionod him, of oourso— told him to sleep on It before he tald anything; but make a statement he would. The short ol It all is, that tho ides of murdering tho old lady for her monoy bad oomo into Ills mind in a flub when ha saw that poor drunkon fool ex hibiting his knife in tbo tsvorn. lie followsd him, and picked his pooket of the knits, and then hung about tbe house, mnanlna to get in after dark. Then hs saw tits girl oome out and go off, leaving the door closed bnt not latonad, tbo oareiwi hussy I Then in slips tbe gentleman, and dons what he'd made op Us mind to-for you us tb* old woman knew him well, id he conldat afford ' ^ to ten her allve-gets the eaeu, tod sUpi out. AU in gold it wu, two hundred and -- fifty pounds. Wfaon he heard tbat Harden oouldn't be found, be got uneasy in Us mind, and hu been getliig worse ever sinoo, though hs did well enough in trade with tbo money. Seems ho oonsidored he wasn't safo until someone had boon hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, ho was naturally down on him at once, and wan intensely oager to get him oonviotfld— whloh I noticed myself, sir, as ot coarso you did, and thought It queer too, I don't doubt. He took loo miioh pains, you see— ha must omplov you to melts oor tain, instead of leaving it to us ; whereas if be hadn't como to you, your nvidonoo would never bavo been given, and I think you'll say nothing oould have saved tbo prisoner.' It wu true enough. Tho wretched msn had Insured the failure of his own floudlsh design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom ho m'glit have gone I I learned noxt morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on tbat memorable ovoning, had wandored for hours through tho hard-hearted streets, until at daybreak bo bad found blmsolt in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop down the river with the lido. Hew h« bad managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self away in tho hold, with Rome idea of bettering bis not over-bright fortunes In foreign parts. How lio had supported his llfo in tbo hold with strsy fragments of bis cuit, whloh be happened to bavo In his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when they were out in mid-channel, the usual searab for stowaways had unearthed bim. How the captain, after giving him plenty ot strong languago and ropo's-snd, had at longth agreed to .allow him to work u a sailor on board tho vessel. How on landing at Syd ney he bad geno into the interior, taken ser vios with his present muter— under another ' name than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with his formor life— and by honestly doing his duty had attained Ms ' present position. j By tbe light of this narrative, that whioh -. , bad pusKled me beoamo perfectly elear— Ji namely, how it wu that he had contrived not - ' Ti onlv to gel so entirely lost in spite of too bus yf& and cry after bim, but also to temiu In . , ^W* ignorance of Us aunt's is. to. ,'';,.,.-'-': ^SbS the crnel and mwardly attempt to; pnt *t- 5^ ^fcg innocent man in his place. ''??-'- ?' 'i l?m When I Urt saw John Harden, hi was ' ' ^B married to a serious lady, wbo bad bun bi» ~ -iti late master's housekeeper, and wu possessor igs of a prosperous general shop in a country ^ village, stocked by means of the money *fj whioh Mr, Slocum had generously left him. ,,JfS 