Church Assembly. The annual meeting of the Church Assembly was commenced in the Diocesan Hall on Monday, 22nd September, the Bishop of Melbourne presiding. The large room and its approaches were crowded by the clergy, lay representatives, and others, and the gallery and an adjoining room were filled by ladies. The proceedings were opened with prayers read by Canon Goodman, the Bishop's chaplain. THE BISHOP'S ADDBESS. The Bishop of Melbourne, as President of the Assembly, delivered the following address : — -My Brethren of the Clergy and of the Laity — I cannot think that it is good for any Church to be continually weighing its purse, and counting the number of its adherents. Such a proceeding insensibly sets up a false standard of comparison. Work comes to be estimated rather by its visible results than by its essential quality. People become more anxious for a good display than for a good conscience, and with consequences which are some times disastrous. Anxiety for success is apt to put a perilous strain on truthfulness. And if in the continual eddy of temporary change there should appear in any given year to be a decline and falling off, discouragement too readily degenerates into indifference and relaxation of effort. Numbers, again, are sometimes extremely deceptive. We hear at times, for instance, of the marvellous success of some special mission to the intemperate ; and if we were to believe the returns we might imagine that the passion for intoxicating drink had been finally quelled amongst the classes which, are most prone to its indulgence. Fifty thousand men have written their names down on a piece of paper — more than that, the magistrates in certain police courts have suddenly lost their occupation. Society is regenerated. A month, or two after wards, however, everything is as bad as ever, until by renewed efforts the same magical results have been again attained, only to end once more in the familiar and disastrous failure. In time men get used to this kind of thing, and so at length pay no more heed to the brass bands, and torch-light processions, and spurts of enthusiasm, and . long lists of 'converts, than if they were the signs of some recurrent disease through which men had to pass in the natural course of things, as children pass through the measles. (Laughter.) For such reasons as these I confess that tablea of returns, when they relate to temporary results, have very little interest for me. Unless they relate to periods long enough to test healthy and persistent work, I look upon them as almost without meaning, and expect theiu publication to do more harm than good. For such reasons as this I have never asked for the customary annual reports of numerical and financial progress, and have taken no notice of their disclosures even when I had approximate knowledge of theic character. : , -1 \- I CHURCH PROGRESS. ! This year, however, a return has been made — not by my | direction — which extends over a period sufficiently large to make its indications trustworthy. I shall therefore shortly notice its most significant results. It enables us to compare the amount of our funds, and the number of our active members, at three important periods. First, at that immedi ately preceding the division of the old diocese of Melbourne into two; second, at that immediately following this division; and third, at the end of 1883. It shows us that in the year before the division of the old diocese there was church accommodation for 65,000 persons ; that in the diocese of Melbourne alone in the first year after that of Ballarat was separated from it, there was accommodation for 46,000 persons ; and at the end of the year 1883 there was accom modation for 69,887; for nearly 70,000 this year. I doubt not that owing to the opening of several new churches there will be accommodation for over 70,000. This showsthat innine years we have gained additional church accommodation for 24,000 persons, and that we have now, in the diocese of Mel bourne alone, a larger number of sittings in our churches than existed in both dioceses together at the time of separation. (Cheers.) The return is not less satisfactory when we look to the number of persons availing themselves of this accommodation. Before separation the number was 40,600. In the diocese of Melbourne, in the year after separation, it was 27,800. In 1883, it was 43,500. The increase of funds, again, has quite kept pace with that of worshippers. The total receipts of the Church in the two dioceses before separation, amounted to £6*6,700. In the year after separa tion they amounted, in the diocese of Melbourne alone, to £53,000. In the year 1883 they had reached, in the single diocese of Melbourne, £83,700. (Cheers.) ThatNis to say, a sum which exceeds by £17,000 what they had been before separation, in the dioceses of Melbourne and Ballarat together. This is the record of a large and gratifying — and, what is far better, a gradual and secure advance. And now, what ; is the duty laid upon us by this divine blessing upon our ? endeavours 1 That, with hearty gratitude to our Heavenly J Father, we press forward with all our might upon the lines 'which have been thus proved to be those of efficacy. Let us beware of looking back to please ourselves in lazy congratula tions. We have done far less than we ought to have done' — far less than the needs of our people required. One-third of the people of this colony profess to belong to our Church, and it is but little we have done as yet towards satisfying their spiritual necessities. For the large movable population which is taking up land in our forest districts we have done far less than we could desire, and for those especially who are making their homes in the rich clearings of Eastern Gippsland almost nothing at all. It is our bounden duty to carry the spiritual needs of those brethren of ours upon our hearts. Those churchmen of Melbourne who, amply supplied with the means of grace, content themselves with simply maintaining their own ministers, are neglecting a plain duty. (Hear, hear.) We are not a mere knot of scattered congregations, who may feel ourselves at liberty, if we please, to subside into parochial selfishness, but the members of a Church which is distinctly bound by the most sacred obligations to provide spiritual food for all its children. So long as any are neglected, the idle and illiberal cannot be without sin. It is simply absurd, not to say heartless, to tell our poor selectors to provide for their own wants. I know that some, who see them perhaps come in their best suits to the market, or the law court of some principal township, are likely to gain the idea that they can easily help themselves. But let such persons drive into the country, go upon the clearings, talk to the selectors, and acquaint themselves with the heavy charge entailed on small communities by the unhappy divisions among Protestant bodies, and they will speedily change their opinion. To send a special agent to pick up the gleanings of the selectors' poverty for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, would be to court failure — to incur an expenditure which could not possibly secure any adequate return. What is wanted is more Christian sympathy among our town congregations, especially those of Melbourne and its suburbs. There our principal wealth is to be found. There, were there true brotherly feeling in men's hearts, it could be given with scarcely the sense of self-sacrifice. There are two Melbourne parishes where the organisation of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund is a reality. And does any one suppose that the inhabitants of those parishes feel themselves one whit the poorer for what they contribute ? Let me exhort you, my brethren, in all brotherly kindness, to give a little more time and care to this necessary work. Let me ask the clergy to take the initiative ; and let me entreat churchwardens and vestrymen to rise above the jealous local feeling which cannot bear to see money devoted to any but parochial objects. (Hear, hear.) If in a large, generous, and Christ-like affection for our poorer brethren, we would but make that little effort which is involved in starting and maintaining efficient parochial organisations, all the immediate wants of the diocese would be speedily supplied, while the very effort would enrich, those who made it, with larger measures, not only of spiritual life, but even of pecuniary resources. SUNDAY SCHOOLS. I would bespeak your special attention to the work of our Sunday-school Association. This is no mere society of energetic men who, taking interest in a particular branch of Church work, are a law unto themselves, but a society called into existence by the Church Assembly, and put under the restraint and direction of laws carefully fashioned by that great representative body. It is the Church's own organ for sustaining and improving one of the most important branches of her work. 'We are all, therefore, bound to give it our earnest and energetic support. The claim of this society does not, however, rest solely on the nature of its constitution. It has done good and stimulating work, and it only awaits the possession of increased means to extend its wholesome influence to every form of Sunday-school effort and to every parish in the diocese. Very few are aware of the great and urgent needs of our Sunday-schools. In many of our town schools, in most of our country schools, there is an utter absence of those educational appliances which are thought to be absolutely essential to the efficiency of the state schools. Maps, black-boards, and illustrated lessons for infants are either entirely wanting, or very insufficiently supplied. My recent inspection of some of the Melbourne Sunday-schools has convinced me that in large buildings classes cannot be efficiently taught without curtains supported on rods to separate the classes. (Hear, hear.) How can volatile children attend, when with one glance of the eye they can take in all the temporary causes of disturbance in the whole building, and when the observations of their own instructor are well nigh drowned by those of neighbouring loud-voiced teachers? In large schools curtains are an absolute necessity, and even in churches (when, unhappily, classes have to be held in churches) curtain-rods might easily be affixed to detached stands, which could be removed on the dismissal of the school. But how are our poor parishes to provide such requisites, or how is the Sunday-school Association to give them aid while its annual income amounts to no more than £80 ? The association requires, at the present time, in order to enable it to give that stimulus to Sunday-school work which is needed^ at least £500 a-year. What might not be done if our association coald offer to supply half the expense of books and apparatus to all poor schools in the country, if it had the power of paying a clerical inspector of our Sunday-schools, and if it could extend its examination and prize organisations so as to make their stimulus felt in every parish of the diocese? Laymen do not easily realise the immense im portance of Sunday-school work ; they fail to see that it has become almost as necessary a part of Church organisation as the regular Sunday services, and that in a colony which - banishes the Bible from its day schools the old make-shift ways and slovenly methods of teaching are nothing better than a blind for neglect of duty. (Cheers.) We need an immediate and determined effort to increase the resources of the Sunday-school Association. The question of the inspec tion of our Sunday-schools has been referred to the rural deaneries of Melbourne, and the reports which I have received from the rural deans disclose a great variety of sentiment on this subject amongst the clergy. Some recognise the great value of inspection, and are ready to welcome it. Others fear that it might not be acceptable to the teachers, or that it might be too inquisitorial, or that the examiner might not respect justifiable susceptibilities, or that the method of appointing inspectors might be unsatisfactory. I gather, however, from the reports that, if we had the means of paying a clerical inspector, to be appointed by the Bishop, nearly all objection would disappear. (Hear, hear.) If Christian men in this diocese would exercise a little self denial, and give us an adequate increase of funds, they could without stirring a finger double— yea, quadruple — the efficiency of the association at once. I can testify that the general meetings of the society during the past year, including its model lessons, have been most interesting and useful. I never leave one of those meetings without feeling that I know something more about the spiritual wants of our children, and that I have been brought nearer to the hearts of some of .' the most earnest and lovable of all our Church workers. I could wish that more of such meetings were held in the widely separated centres of that combination of cities which we call Melbourne. Several interesting questions have arisen during the past year at some of these meetings — among them the query, how far we can provide Sunday instruction for the children of the wealthier classes. The practical answer to this question involves grave difficulties, which it would be of little use here to specify. Let me simply say that I only know two methods which are likely to be successful. The children of our wealthier people might be gathered into a Sun day class, to be held in some private house, and taught by some ?well-educated Christian man or woman. The multiplication of such classes might perhaps be attended by one great indirect advantage. It might induce some of our better-educated young people, who now, alas ! give but little of their time to Christian work, to practise that self-denial for Christ's sake, which would do so much to hallow and elevate their own character. Better still, however, I think it would be if all the children of a parish, rich and poor together, were assem bled frequently in church on a Sunday afternoon to be catechised by the clergyman. Should it be found difficult for one person to command attention in our larger town parishes, I would suggest that a series of curtains on mov able stands should be set along the middle of the church, and that while the clergyman catechised the children on one side of the screen, some highly-educated Christian layman might do the same office for those on the other side of it. By alter nating the sections on successive Sundays, the clergyman could thus bring all the children of his parish within the reach of his own influence. There is a very venerable pre cedent for this method of teaching. Some 300 years ago the saintly Charles Borromeo, Archbishop of Milan, finding his diocese in a lamentable state of vice and ignorance, instituted what may be called the first Sunday-schools in his magnifi cent cathedral. These schools still exist, and their modus ojperandi is described as follows by one who saw them at work : — ' The south aisle of the cathedral, its north aisle, and its south transept were curtained off. In the first a large number of boys were being taught, in the second an immense crowd of women and girls, and in the third quite 400 men of all classes and ages, from the lad of 16 to the white- haired veteran. The teachers sometimes sat in the midst of large circles of listeners — sometimes used a movable pulpit.' If one may curtain off spaces without loss of dignity in the vast marble minster of Lombardy, there can surely be no objection tp resorting to similar device in the humble parish churches of Melbourne. (Hear, hear.) CONFIRMATION. I' rejoice to know that the importance of the rite of confir . ination is being increasingly felt in this diocese. I think, however, that the intimate relation between that rite and our Sunday-school- system is not very generally recognised. If the teachers, especially those in our higher classes, would more consciously and avowedly direct their lessons to the preparation of their scholars for confirmation, they would find this an admirable means, not only of securing attention and promoting solemnity of thought and demeanour, but also of securing the attachment of their scholars to the school at the age when they are particularly tempted to irregularity or desertion. And then how admirable an opportunity is furnished to the clergyman at the season of confirmation for securing efficient Sunday-school teachers ! Then he gathers his young people into classes, gives them systematic instruc tion, seeks to deepen their devotional feeling, and to prepare them in every way for that important crisis when they make a public profession of their faith in Christ. At what time, then, may he more reasonably hope to arouse in the more gifted of the candidates a desire to do work for God ? Complaints are sometimes made, that too many of those who have been recently confirmed become irregular in their attendance at church, and finally drift away into religious ? ? — -A* carelessness. But why is this 1 Mainly, I believe, because work of some kind is not provided for those of more active temperament. Nothing so fixes and deepens our resolves, nothing so effectually turns promise into performance, as generous and self-denying labour. While, then, you keep up your evening institutes and communicants' classes for the mass of your confirmees, let me urge you, my clerical brethren, to endeavour to convert into Sunday-school teachers all of them who show special fitness for this office. 0HUKCH MISSIONS. One word I would say on the present position of our missions to the Chinese and aborigines. For some time past these missions have received a very inadequate measure of public attention and support. People have the impression that as the aborigines are rapidly dying out, it is no longer a duty to contribute to their support and instruction. This is a great mistake, as a single glance at the report of the Church Missions in Victoria will convince you. But what ever view people may take respecting the wants of the abori gines, of the need of more active efforts for the evangelisation of the Chinese there can only be one opinion. The Chinese in our midst are the representatives of the most numerous family of the human race. None of them, or very few of them, remain willingly to die amongst us. It is their aim to return to their native land to enjoy the fruits of their Victorian labours. Now, if those going home were in all, or in most cases, well-instructed and well-established Christians, they might do more to evangelise China than all the European missionaries at present labouring in that country. (Applause.) Why is it, then, that this great opportunity is being allowed to slip by unimproved, or at least very in adequately improved ? Mainly, I believe, because we cannot afford to employ a European superintendent of our Chinese missions, who can speak fluently to both Chinese and Europeans. At present no one can thoroughly understand the reports of the Chinese missionaries, and, worse still, no one can test the real character of their labours by direct communication with those who profess to be converts. Again our difficulty is a money difficulty. Were wealthy men more generous, more heartily Christian, more capable of perceiving the true relative value of the different objects of their expenditure, our difficulties here, as elsewhere, might vanish in a day. I wish to judge no man, knowing how much I stand in need of a lenient judgment myself, but I cannot refrain from saying that if some of our people com pared the sums spent by them in promoting the kingdom of God, with those wasted on race-meetings and amusements, they could hardly feel that they were acting as stewards of God in the distribution of their wealth. (Applause.) If the clergy were more willing to make collections on Mission Sunday on behalf of our hqme missions to the heathen, the lack of private liberality would be less severely felt. PRIMARY EDUCATION'. The issue of the report of the Education Commission since we last met demands some slight notice. We seem to have got beyond that depressing time when it was necessary to convince Christian men that no morality could be secure or effective which was not based upon religion. Professor Seeley does not even claim to be an orthodox believer, but in his late work on the Expansion of England he says : — ' I always hold that religion is the great State-building principle. These colonies (the American) could create a New State, because they were already a Church, since the Church (so I hold) is the soul of the State. Where there is a Church a State grows up in time ; but if you find a State which is not in some sense a Church, you find a State which is not long for this world.' (Cheers.) And why not long for this world? Because it has no motive at the centre of its life strong enough to be the basis of abiding righteousness, strong enough to resist the disintegrating forces of idleness, sensuality, covetousness, and heartless egotism. Of course to atheists and materialists, whose loftiest idea of man is that he is a lump of organic matter on its way to disorganisa tion, and of morality, that it is an attempt to make this course of change as pleasant as possible, all reference to an Eternal Father, and to the morality which is built upon the perception of our filial relation to Him, must seem vain and foolish. But then, thank God, atheistic materialists are an insignificant minority amongst us. (Cheers.) And nothing so filled me with amazement when I first came to this colony as to see men calling themselves Christians allowing them selves to be made, ou one flimsy pretext or another, the tools of an atheistic propaganda. (Applause.) Surely they must know that their Master's morality depends wholly on the affirmation that in Him God is the Father of all raan :': kind. Suppress that truth, and Christian morality is destroyed. How can I love my neighbour as my brother, if ?we have no common Father, and if there be no spiritual | family, of which 'we all are members'? You may trifle and I conjure with words as you please, but if you suppress in our ; State-schools the truth that God is in Christ the Father of the whole human race, you make them at a blow un Cbristian, and so far as the training of the character is 1 concerned, all but useless. (Applause.) Men at last are ; beginning to see this, and to ask themselves, Shall we pay all that money for an education which cannot practically affect conduct, in order to force Roman Catholic children into our State-schools, or in order to punish those who refuse to do as we wish ? For some time men tried to evade the force of this appeal, by saying to themselves, 'Well, after all, the name of God is not excluded from the reading books. True, the name of our Divine Master has been blotted out ; and with His name all that morality has gone which depends on the love of Him. Still, after all, there is some ghost or shadow of Theism left there. But what if there be 1 Where is the use of it, if the God thereby revealed is not that Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, through our relation to whom all -we are brethren ? And how long do you think you can keep what remains ? It has no business to have a place, even in the reading books, as a mere exercise of spelling. The twelfth clause of the Act was framed by men who intended to make the exclusion. of religion from the State-schools an absolute exclusion. How does it run ? As follows : — ' In every State-school secular instruction only shall be given, and no teacher shall give any other than secular instruction in any State-school buildings.' In the absence of any special interpretation, those words mean, and can only mean, ' There shall be no religious instruction in the school, and there shall be none on the lips of the teacher.' It is the most frightfully desolating piece of legislation I ever saw. (Applause.) And how any Christian man can uphold it without the sense that he is unfaithful to his Master I can not conceive. How can your Ministers of Education resist the appeals of secular bigotry, with such words unlimited and unexplained, on the statute book 1 It does, no doubt, seem a horribly arbitrary proceeding for a Minister of Educa tion to have struck the name of Christ out of the reading books without consulting Parliament. But what was an honest man to do ? Could he go to Parliament and ask them to give an interpretation of their own words which should be only an informal and not a legislative interpreta tion ? His position was a most difficult one ; and it is this whole community which put him in that difficult position. It enacted the law, and then found fault with its adminis trator because he carried it out. We have got a new book of secular morality, and in the preface to that book it is recommended that the teacher shall illustrate its lessons from Holy Scripture. I saw with a shudder that a Roman Catholic member of the Legislative Assembly required that the teachers should be directed to abstain from compliance with that recommendation. Now what enabled that mem ber of the Assembly to say in effect, 'Give us what we want, or your children shall not hear in the State- schools, from the lips of the teachers, one syllable of that Book which their parents believe to contain the words of eternal life?' What enabled him to take that action, and what compelled the Minister of Education to listen to him ? The law which you have made, and which you insist on retaining unaltered, although it starves and degrades the souls of your children. (Applause.) I cannot blame the Ministers of Education. Let the blame lie where it really rests — upon the Christian people of this country, who allow the law to remain unaltered. (Cheers.) That law, in its present form, interferes seriously with the movement for giving voluntary religious instruction in the State-schools. It is difficult to define the lawful time of such instruction, ?difficult to say how the children shall be induced to attend it, difficult to determine whether State-school teachers, even when willing, shall be allowed to attend at such instruction for the purpose of keeping order. Accordingly, successive Ministers of. Education differ in opinion as to the latitude of interpretation of which, as they imagine, the Act admits. One Minister gives to its words a large and liberal meaning. Straightway every facility is afforded for voluntary teaching, and the State-school teachers, as they are very willing to do, give most valuable assistance. But another Minister comes who thinks the words have been strained, and at once every thing changes. Facilities are refused, State-school teachers withdraw, classes are thinned, children behave badly, and we hear such complaints of inconsistency, hindrance, and failure as were recently urged by a deputation from Geelong. What can be more discouraging to zealous religious teachers than this regime of government by Ministerial caprice j and yet what can possibly put an end to it but such an alteration of the law as shall deliver Ministers of the Crown from the temptation to interfere in this arbitrary and pernicious way 1 (Applause.) What do we mean, my friends? Do we want our children to have religious instruction in the State-schools or not ? If we do, let us say so, and put an end at once to arbitrary personal government. If we do not, then don't let us pretend that we do, but say at once that we have resolved to abandon religion in education, and to take the conse quences. (Hear, hear.) That is really the issue which at the present moment is presented to us. Those who think it may be avoided by the extension of voluntary religious teaching after school hours are simply shutting their eyes to patent and inevitable facts. It has been pointed out again and again that while the Protestant ministers of religion are in number less than a fourth of the State-school teachers, it is vain to look to them to give adequate religious instruc tion to all the children in the colony, in addition to doing the special work of their calling. It is said that a large staff of voluntary lay assistants might be found available. I reply that in the country districts, where the need is greatest, it is almost impossible to find a single individual who has sufficient ability and leisure for the task. Under the energetic leadership of Mr. Saint, whose work has been beyond praise, a determined attempt has been made to pro vide religious instruction by voluntary effort to the children of the Prahran district, and with what result as to teaching 1 I find that in this district no fewer than 12 ministers are engaged in teaching, in addition to five laymen and seven ladies. But where in the country can you get' 12 ministers and 12 lay people for three schools'? ?I know country districts in which you can only get one minister and no lay person for from five to seven schools. Very recently the Bible in State-schools League sent a circular to 306 boards of advice, asking for a return of the numbers receiving voluntary religious instruction in the State-schools, Answers came from only 244 of these, so that the return is not com plete. One may, however, safely assume that the boards which have not answered are not those which have favour able results to report. If we make this assumption, the returns show that out of a total number of 220,000 children only 21,393 were receiving voluntary religious instruction. Of this number 11,363 resided in Melbourne, leaving only 10,030 for all the other towns and townships of the colony. . No fewer than 142 of the boards reported that there was no religious instruction in their district. I will not say that a very determined effort might not improve this result, but I am sure that no voluntary effort could improve it greatly. The number of laymen able and willing to give religious instruction on week days is much smaller than any one imagines. We are so busy a people, and there are so few hands to do the necessary work of our lives, that we cannot hope to find a large class in our midst with leisure and culture for such a work for many years to come. In the country such a class is absolutely non-existent. It has been suggested that the religious bodies might combine, and raise a fund for the payment of religious teachers. Such a scheme would involve an outlay which is utterly beyond the means of these bodies, if even the initial difficulties of combination and administration had been overcome. I am entirely in favour of pushing on the voluntary movement to the utmost of our power. I think that if we fail to do so, Government may fairly question the sincerity with which we object to purely secular instruction. But there is nothing of which I am more certain than of this — that our utmost efforts, unless supplemented by those of the whole body of State school teachers, will be inadequate to the task which we are attempting. If, however, we are to obtain the aid of the State-school teachers, there must be some modification of the Act, and if any be made, the question naturally arises, How far shall it go 1 I think it would be of very little use to / ? ; : ? : ? ~ permit State-school teachers to volunteer to add to their labours without any corresponding remuneration. They have often been kind enough to keep order by their presence. But it is too much to expect that they would voluntarily add to the hours of their permanent laboui-. What alteration, then, I may be asked, do you seek ? Precisely that which ? the commissioners recommend. They differed as to the best , method of meeting the Roman Catholic difficulty, and there ' fore I leave that difficulty out of consideration. In regard, however, to the proper method of meeting the needs and de mands of Protestant Christians they were agreed, and I think we ought to press on Government the importance of carrying their recommendations into effect. Shortly they are these following : — (1) That an interpretation clause be introduced into the Act, whereby the terms ' secular instruc tion' shall be declared to ' include general religious teaching of a non-sectarian character'; (2) that the school curriculum shall include such Scripture lessons as those contained in the book issued by the Board of National Education in Ireland, such lessons to be given before or after the time set apart for secular education, a conscience clause being added for the protection of children whose parents do not wish them to receive religious instruction ; (3) that such instruction may be; given by any teacher approved by the parents; (4) that religious instruction may be given by as many of the State Bchool teachers as are willing to impart it. It is only in the last of these recommendations that I should propose a slight alteration. Instead of merely permitting teachers ' to give religious instruction, I would require all to give it who did pot allege a conscientious objection. Under the former con dition a man might refuse to teach, simply because he did not .care to take the trouble to do so ; while under the latter he could only claim exemption on the ground that he did not believe what he was asked to teach. The supply of substi \- tutes for the latter class of objectors would not be, I believe, beyond the power of the religious denominations. Remem ber, my friends, that the recommendations above specified have been adopted unanimously by a commission of repre sentative laymen, of different Churches, and very various opinions, after an exhaustive inquiry into the whole subject. Are we to say that the trouble and expense of the commis sion have been utterly wasted, and that the only use of their report is to furnish material for lighting fires 1 If not, then some action should betaken upon it. Government should be pressed to give effect to its recommendations, and Chris tian , men , especially should bestir themselves to obtain a distinct expression of public opinion upon the subject. The true friends of the Education Act of Victoria are not those who fight blindly for the retention of its one pernicious pro vision, but- those rather who endeavour to insure its perma nency by removing its defects. (Applause.) ?'?'' ' SALVATION AEMY. . I must say to you a few words about a spiritual organisation which is working vigorously in our midst, and which, by the tremendous power of its enthusiasm, is sure to affect all our work for good or ill. The Salvation Army has, I think, a special mission. Its avowed object is a very large one — to make every man love God. Practically, however, its labour is confined almost exclusively to the lowest classes in our cities and places of considerable population. All its methods of appeal are shaped with a view to reach those classes, winning their interests, and bringing them into the king dom of God. I cannot believe that its religious patois, its military ritualism, its noise, and disconcerting familiarity can ever be made tolerable to men of thought, culture, and largely developed religious reverence. If I had to judge this movement by its adaptation to any classes but to those who are lowest in culture and intelligence, I should pro nounce it a huge mistake, and say it was destined to disastrous failure. But I do not judge it thus. I look upon it as an effort to win classes which the Christian Churches have not won. And so considered, it must be judged very differently; its means must be estimated with reference to the object which they are intended to attain. And now I must say of the Salvation Army, in the first place, that I believe it to be inspired by the noblest impulse which can direct human energies — by the desire to make sinful men love and follow Christ. (Applause.) I see in its leading ministers and agents a holy self-denying enthusiasm, which, on the large scale, is nowhere equalled at the present time. When I read of the bold assaults whiph they make on the very strongholds of vice . in this city — of delicate women risking insult and braving disease that they may rescue their fallen sisters from the grasp of loathsome vice and reckless violence — I feel my heart go out to them in love and admiration. (Applause.) They are God's chil dren. They are Christ's people. If the Master were here, I am sure that He would own them and honour them, and set them above me. If they don't shame all -of us into more earnest, self-denying efforts to fight the great foes of Christ and humanity, it must be because pur hearts are cold, and we have lost the glow of our first love. Again, I must say that in reading their book of doctrine and discipline I have been very : much struck by the sanctified common , sense which to a very large extent leavens its teaching. It is old-: fashioned Evangelical Christianity, with a few of its excel lencies, and also with some of what I should call its objec tionable features, left out. The firmness and fulness with which it insists upon holiness of heart and life are most cheering. Antinomianism as a doctrine is, I should say, impossible in the Salvation Army. It is refreshing to see with what trenchant common sense Mr. Booth demolishes the idea that a man can be living a twofold life — rthe one perfectly holy and the other utterly fleshly. It was also somewhat of a surprise to me to find that this authoritative book repudiates the doctrine of sinless perfection, It is true that we still find in it the claim of '?' entire sanctification,'' not only as an aim, but as a realised fact. But when we come to ask what is meant by tl entire sanctification' we find a meaning attached to the words which-is different from that which they naturally convey. It is a kind of sanctification, we are told, which admits of growth, and which answers to the pulling up of weeds in a garden, in order that the more profitable plants therein may make better and more fruitful growth. There Is, of course, a great deal of confusion in this representation. The great weed is selfishness — the good plant is love. Selfishness cannot be entirely plucked up while love is yet imperfect; for the only thing which hinders the perfection of love is the presence of selfishness. We must be prepared, however, in a popular movement like this .for some confusion of thought and expression. If the Army Manual would only adopt some less misleading words than ' entire sanctification' to describe its meaning there would be little to quarrel with upon this point. But I fear the kind of people for whom the book is written will not easily distinguish between the 'sinless perfection' which it condemns and the 'entire sanctification' which it affirms. There are, again, some excellent practical directions in the book for the conduct of mission services amongst the poor. What can be better than the reminder that ' anything will be pardoned by the mob rather than dulness' ? Or what better directions could be given for the avoidance of dulness than such as these : — ' Short, sharp Bpeaking, full of facts and illustrations.' 'Plenty of- lively, sharp singing to plaintive or merry tunes — song tunes for preference.' ' Plenty of music. Music always means life and interest, and never loses its charm.' ' Never practice or allow tom foolery.' Might not some of our rubric worshippers study with advantage such directions as these when laying their plans to get hold of the less educated classes 1 (Continued applause.) Nothing, to my mind, can be better than our ordinary services, judicially shortened and varied, for people of education and reverent character. But these services are entirely out of place when an effort is made to get at the rougher classes of our alienated home heathen. (Hear, hear.) Use the Church's services at the times appointed for them, by all means. But what is to prevent any of us from having short, sharp speaking, lively singing, and plenty of music at mission services, out of the ordinary hours? (Cheers.) There is full liberty of prophesying for the clergy, full liberty of singing for the people; and if any one should think , himself restricted as to prayers by the clergyman's promise that ' in public prayer and administration of the sacraments he will use the form in the said book prescribed, and none other, except so far as shall be ordered by lawful authority,' I shall be glad to authorise suitable prayers to be said out of canonical hours, as far as I may. Of course, there is much in this book of the Salvation Army of which no English Churchman can approve. There is a great deal of narrow asceticism. There is a contempt for the results of honest and reverent thought which is nothing less than amazing. Unless I had read it I would not have believed that an intel ligent man could have advised his officers never to read the. . newspapers or anything connected with secular and religious literature, but to confine themselves to the study of the Bible, the Salvation hymn-book, the general orders of the Army, and the War Cry. (Continued laughter.) Again, what can any one experience but sorrow, and recoil at such suggestions as the following, in respect to bills and posters. After the recommendation of glaring colours, and so forth, it is suggested, ' they can be carried about on an umbrella, on a man's hat, round his person like a church bell, with his head out at the top and his feet at the bottom — (laughter) — or in ten thousand different forms.' And then, after these precious suggestions, it is added, to stir the imagination and stimulate ingenuity, ' Invent for yourselves.' (Laughter.) Could the man who wrote those words have had in his mind his own excellent rule, ' There must be nothing which would not be in perfect harmony with the feelings of Jesus Christ if He were present with you in the flesh.' Can any one imagine Jesus Christ sending His apostles through Jerusalem so bedizened/ or tolerating the kind of testimonies and the scenes of uproar which are permitted, and even encouraged, at many meetings of the Army ? That is just what repels me. I can make great allowances when I remember the mental inertness, the rude vulgarity, the gross animalism of the classes principally addressed. But I cannot believe that much which is done at Army meetings is ' in agreement with the feelings of Jesus Christ j' and I grieve to see noble men and women, whom I love and admire for their work's sake, condescending to such unworthy vulgarities for any cause whatever. I fear that instead of lifting what they call 'the mob' to Jesus Christ's level, they will in time let the mob pull them down to its own. One thing more I must say has astonished and pained me in the doctrine of the Salvation Army — the manner in which it deals with the sacraments of the Christian Church. Scanty enough, surely, is the ritual which our Lord appointed, and how those whose proceedings are throughout so ritualistic can treat their Master's appointment in this particular with such con temptuous disregard I am unable to conceive. The question is asked in the manual, ' Does the Army consider baptism as a duty which must be performed ?' And the answer is, ' Decidedly not.' But who was it then who said, ' Go into all the world and make disciples of all nations, baptising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you?' Jesus Christ says, make men disciples by baptising and by teaching. The Army says teaching is enough ; baptising is not necessary. The quibbling interpretations by which the manual seeks to evade this dilemma show, I fear, something worse than ignorance. The question is asked, 'Was not baptism by water quite a common rite among the early Christians ?' And the almost incredible reply is given, 'Yes, and so was circumcision, shaving the head, washing the feet of the saints, and many other Jewish ceremonies.' Surely the thought must have suggested itself to the composer of this out rageous sentence, ' Did Jesus Christ command His apostles to make disciples of all men by circumcising them or shaving their heads ?' Nay, were not the Gentiles forbidden to prac tice circumcision by the same apostle who declares, 'All we who were baptised into Jesus Christ were baptised into His death ?;' and, again, 'As many of you as were baptised into Christ did put on Christ '? Such disingenuous trifling is simply amazing. Even worse, and more inex cusable is the slip-shod sentence, which answers the question, 'What is the teaching of the Army on the subject of the Lord's supper?' ' When such an ordinance,' replies this astounding teacher, ' is helpful to the faith of our soldiers we recommend its adoption.' So that every one is to judge for himself whether he will obey the Lord's plain command, ' Do this in remembrance of Me,' and also whether he will seek that great gift which is covered by the words, ' This is My body; this is My blood.' How could a man like Mr. Booth, one naturally exclaims, give utterance to such foolish and pernicious directions as these ? We may be quite sure that mistakes of such gravity denote some great oversight, some lamentable omission of essential truth. And that I believe is the fact in the present case. In answering the question, 'What did our Saviour do for us?' the Army Manual replies — (1) He made known His Father's will; (2) He set forth a perfect example for our meditation; (3) He made an atonement for our sins by His death. Thus Jesus Christ's connection with us would seem to cease with His death. Not one word is said about that vital union with Christ which follows belief, or about our continual com munion in His life, and all which follows from this. The divine life in a man's soul seems to be conceived of as an independent gift of God. It is not once hinted that the Holy Spirit only gives to us what Christ has gained and stored up for us in His new humanity. And yet the New Testament, and especially the Epistles of St. Paul, are full of this. A man is a Christian because he is 'in Christ j' because he is related to Him as the branch to the vine, or as the member of a body to the head ; so that, except a man ' eat the flesh of Christ and drink His blood,' he has no life in him. This essential truth the Army Manual drops out of its system, a circumstance all the more remarkable because it has so close a connection and affinity with another truth on which the Manual delights to expatiate — ;the personal sanctification of the believer. The result is twofold — (1) a mechanical doctrine of the atonement, and (2) a mechanical, or at least unexplained doctrine of the Holy Spirit. I believe that all the Army's offensively materialistic talk about 'blood and fire' is caused by this fatal omission. No one, of course, can deny that St. Paul continually speaks of Christ's death as a sacrifice for the sins of the world. But in what sense ? Does any spiritual Christian believe that there was some magical charm in the mere bodily accident of Christ's death, or that in any literal sense Christ's blood will be sprinkled on his conscience? If not, then it may be asked why so much stress is laid in Scripture on the blood and death of Christ ? First, because it was by His death that Christ completed that sacrifice of His own will to God's, which was required in the representative of sinful humanity ; and, secondly, because He could only pre pare for us that new life which He came to bestow by passing through death. Before our whole humanity can be effectively sanctified, the life of Jesus, consecrated for us in His own person, must pass really, however mystically, into the several individuals who compose the race. Now, Christ's death was simply the most critical and decisive step towards that con summation. That step taken, all the rest must surely follow. From death He would pass to life again through the resur rection; after the resurrection He would go from earth to heaven, that, becoming wholly ' inspirited,' He might shed forth the glorious gift of Pentecost. Each of these great events; was a decisive step in the grand procession by which the Christ without passed on to become the Christ within— by which the Babe of Bethlehem passed on through the streets of Nazareth, and the ways of Galilee, and the courts of the Temple, and the Garden of Agony, and the pains of death, and the kingdom of the shades, and the golden streets of a recovered paradise, into the destined sanctuary of the human soul to purge it and sanctify it for God. (Applause.) Each of these was a step ; but the critical, the decisive step, that which ended the period of trial, and insured all the rest, was the awful blessed death on Calvary. Just, then, as the martyr's death is said to buy all the political and religious results thereof, so is the death, the cross, the blood of Jesus, declared to be the means of our redemption and atonement with God on the one side, and of our sanctification on the other. . Now, that is what the Army has never seen. And hence its vague, aimless, and sometimes irreverent talk about blood and its efficacy. Hence, too, its prevailing idea that the office of Christ is confined to the giving of pardon, and that after conversion the soul is com mitted to the ministry of the Holy Spirit, considered as an independent source of grace. Hence the loss of that feeling (the deepest and most fruitful of any in the Apostolic Church) that at every instant the soul is in living union with the living Eedeemer ; and that it is in Him and from Him that the Spirit ministers to us the gifts and graces of the new life. And hence, also, that disdainful depreciation which we deplore of the signs of all this in the sacraments ^pointed by our Lord to be of perpetual and universal observance. Like two great pillars set at the entrance of the Divine Temple of Truth, stand the two Christian sacraments in the New Testament, and upon them severally are these two inscriptions, ' The life of God begins by union with Christ,' and ' The life of God continues and grows by maintaining our union with Christ.' (Applause.) If, then, the fact itself of this vital union be ignored, what wonder that the signs and means of it are depreciated ? You will see that I have here marked a grave deficiency in the doctrinal system of the Salvation Army. It is right for our own warning and institution* that we should note it; otherwise we might suffer our people to fall into views which mutilate the fair *ystem of Christian truth, and into ways which may lead to the perilous neglect of plain Christian duties. But do not think that I have made these observations in the spirit of . Antagonism. Very readily do I admit that it would be -difficult to find a Christian Church which is not obnoxious to criticism ; and even more readily that our own compara tive coldness, formality, and want of elasticity are shamed by the enthusiasm and practical resource of the Salvation Army. (Cheers.) The men of it I must needs love for their love of Christ, and for their valiant and devoted selfsacri fice. Not the less, however, yea, rather all the more, is it necessary to notice any capital defects in a new system ; for nothing is more common or more dangerous than to let the goodness of a man cover the defects of his doctrine. I am not even without hope, so evident is the honest intention, so ?marked is the good sense of the compiler or compilers of the . Army Manual , that some of the errors which I have pointed out may be amended, and a grand effort of Christian love be made all the grander and more powerful, all the more secure and more useful, by conforming more closely to the mind of Christ. PUKITY. 1 have been credited by some with making a suggestion, founded on my own large observation of the physical charac teristics of our northern territory, which may not be with out its influence on our material prosperity. I will now make another, which goes, I believe, very much nearer to the secret of our national and individual well-being. It is that every true friend of Australia shall bend his utmost ?energies, in this formative period of our history, to the maintenance of social purity. The life of the nation depends on the life of the home, and that of the home depends on the purity of the individual. The world is full of signs that the struggle for purity is to be the great struggle of our age. Have any of you been driven by the sense of duty to read ?one or more of the terribly realistic sketches of the most famous of modern French story-tellers? If you have, perhaps you have thrown them down, after reading a dozen pages, in impatient disgust. I do not wonder if it were so. Sometimes, however, one is not permitted to yield to the ?first righteous instinct. And, knowing as I do, that one at least of those stories is the simple exhibition of facts in Parisian life, laboriously collected and thoroughly reliable, I ?overcame my disgust, and read to the end. That book is the real record of French decadence. I do not wish to make too much of it. I know that there are pure populations in ?French villages, and I would fain hope that the future of a noble race is not to be determined by the life of its cities. But should that hope be vain, then I feel that I know the end of the French nation as certainly as if I had seen it arrive — in bloodshed, poverty, and shame. It is not, how ever, in Paris alone that the fleshly school is lifting its brazen face, and inviting men in the outraged name of nature to devote all the energies of their spiritual being to the indulgence of animal passion and the glorification of ' carnal luxury. There is a fleshly school of poetry and art in England ; and many, alas ! of the so-called leaders of society are making themselves (unwittingly it may be) the tools of an sestheticism which has for its heart the heart of a beast. {Hear, hear.) The apostles of that cult have visited our own land, and taking advantage of the temptations of a life, free, bright, prosperous, and lived under an ardent sun, have sought to justify or excuse that amongst us which is our deepest shame. It is our bounden duty to look this evil straight in the face, to tear the mask off its painted features, and to overcome our shame in talking about that which is shameful, lest, taking refuge in its foulness, this vile gospel of the flesh should burrow unseen in the hearts of our young people, and, only then reveal itself when it is too powerful to be overcome. (Hear, hear.) Its common subterfuge is that it is calling men to be natural. Let us see, then, if that be so. Man has a body and bodily instincts, like the lower animal. As we see in those animals it is the purpose of the instinctive passions to secure the preservation and continuance of the species. In the lower animals those instincts operate beneficially, because they are followed in blind unconscious ness. They come into active exercise only with the presence of their appointed stimulants'/ With us it is otherwise. Superimposed upon our animal nature is one of higher kind And finer quality, Chat conscious life of intellect, conscience, and will, which is the sole prerogative of man. Our higher faculties have their appointed objects — the wonders of God's wisdom in nature, the complicated relations of man in society, the great august realities of the supersensible sphere of religion and worship, the history of the wonderful past, the provision of the more wonderful future. When our higher faculties go forth to their proper objects, and find a worthy exercise in their predestined sphere, the instinctive passions are left un tormented to perform their beneficent purpose in man as in the lower creatures. It is possible, how ever, in an unbelieving materialistic age so to discredit some of the loftiest objects of human thought, and so to neglect others, as to draw down all the glorious powers of our human nature into the low province of sense, and to bid them find their only exercise in connection with the pleasures and interests which meet them there. What, then, follows 1 That the whole force of man's conscious life, of his far reaching intellect, of his potently creative imagination, of his masterful will, and of the culture which comes from memory and association, are exerted to enlarge, intensify, and diversify the pleasures which belong to his lowly instincts. But these poor impulses were never designed to bear such a strain. They and their purposes are essentially simple. So pressed and strained beyond their capacity, they are driven into irritation and monstrosity. They become the fruitful source of bodily disease, mental disquiet, and emotional torment. They drag down the loftiest faculties of the soul into the mire of their unnatural debasement. And at length by this horrible process, man, made in the image of God, is reduced to the image of a beast possessed by the soul of a fiend — a creature without sense of duty, thought of God, power of self-control, or capacity for self denial. (Applause.) Then the individual and national ruin is consummated. Then if a pestilence like the cholera makes its appearance, it finds a nation of cowards whose only thought is to escape the natural death, which is their utter most idea of evil. Then the attack of a horde of savages, once no more to them than that of so many wild beasts, becomes a terror and a danger. No man will suffer for his fellow — no man will run risks for his fellow. Society is ground down into a collection of selfish, non-cohering atoms, and, resolved thus into its elements, perishes. It is useless to deny that this young society of ours is threatened with such disaster, for the elements of danger lie all around us, and on the very surface of our life. Immigrants bring them from Europe, criminals bring them from New Caledonia, literature brings them sometimes openly displayed, sometimes subtly hidden in stories, reviews, and even philosophies. And these fruitful germs of evil fall on no uncongenial soil. They find in a city like Melbourne a rampant larrikinism, impudent, irre ligious, idle, self-indulgent, capable of forms of brutal vice and crime which make the blood run cold. They find a system of prostitution so hideous that its facts have to be hidden away from decent eyes in Parliamentary blue-books. They find, too, I fear, in some quarters practices of immor ality which, if less infamous, are scarcely less pernicious than these, the existence of which no one affects to doubt but those whose interest it is to conce'al them. What, then, are we to do in this strait 1 I answer at once — organise resist ance to the evil. It is not enough that we individually hate and avoid it. If we are to resist it effectually, to drive it back, and to deliver our children and the future race of this great and glorious country from ruin, we must create a public opinion which will not tolerate it — which will smite with the whip of public shame and reprobation any man, no matter how rich or great, who lends to it his countenance or the support of his example. (Cheers.) Law can do some thing for us by prohibiting and punishing the vilest forms of the evil. But law can never grapple effectually with a spiritual influence. Thoughts are things of too subtle a mould to be grasped by the hand of a policeman. Impurity is a thing too secret and intangible to be set at the bar of a court. You may have a city as gay, as brilliant, as orderly as Paris, and have at the same time (as Pere Hyacinthe says is the case now) 150,000 harlots in its houses. A spiritual force like this must be met and encountered by a spiritual antagonist — one which, knows and seeks its enemy, which, meets him at every point of social life, and will tolerate his presence nowhere. It is this conviction which has led to the formation of a White Cross Union in our Church, We refused to adopt any badge, thinking that on such a subject as this, at least, our efforts must be as silent and unob trusive aa they are real and efficient. We refused to call ourselves an army, dreading the intrusion of that military slang, and of those mock military titles which sooner or later make the best movements grotesque. We have a definite object — to resist the growth of impurity — and we adopt a definite means of resisting it, the power of the cross of Christ. These things we have indicated in our white cross, and beyond that in the way of symbolism we do not intend to go. The society hopes to gain its members among our young men. While, therefore, urging the clergy to push it forwai'd in their parishes, let me give to young men a few reasons for enrolling themselves on its ranks. The best — it should' be the all-sufficient reason — is furnished by the natural relation which God has established between the man and the woman. Man is the stronger creature — stronger in his physical development, stronger in his intellectual grasp, and stronger, far stronger, in his force of will. Now, why has God made this inequality of the sexes a natural ordin ance 1 We know that in many species of the lower creatures the female is the stronger and more formidable animal. Why, then, was it not so ordered in the human species ? It is rash to attempt to specify final causes, but we cannot go wrong in looking for an answer to such a question in the direction of the faculties which are peculiar to the human race. Man alone among earthly creatures has a moral consciousness, and it is upon obedience to the imperative dictates of this consciousness that his worth and happiness mainly depend. What, then, is the secret of moral health and greatness? It is the subordination of the selfish to the altruistic impulses. Let a human being forget self in devoted service to what is weaker than self, and he is already on the highroad to moral nobility. For woman, the natural stimulus to such self forgetfulness is furnished by the relation of the mother to the child ; for man, by the natural weakness and clinging dependence of the woman. Why is the weaker appointed to bear the pain and helplessness of maternity — why is she for so large a part of her life, especially in civilised com munities, absolutely dependent on man for subsistence and protection? Why is her nature set to the law of these natural conditions, so that, without effort or sense of dishar mony, she can accept a position of dependence and trustful love, feeling it her greatest joy to give herself to her beloved? That she may be to the man what her child is to her, and that thus our whole wondrous human life may become one great school of virtue. The equality of mere atomism is simply a school of selfishness, a provocation of strife, an organisation of egotism and discord. Harmony, love, moral development, implies distinction and gradations of func tions and powers. And therefore is such distinction and gradation made a part of our very nature. We look for a time when sickness, poverty, and misery shall be indefinitely diminished. If, therefore, the altruistic and sympathetic instincts depended on the mere service and relief of suffering, it would seem as if men must become less moral as the race grew happier. But this is as far as possible from being the case. If sickness, destitution, and sorrow were banished from the world to-morrow, the help lessness of the child would still call for the self-devotion of the mother, the weakness of the woman for the chivalrous and knightly devotion of the man. Still, and for ever, the Christian law of unselfish service is the law of the noble life ; still, and for ever, the cross of self-sacrifice is the symbol of a great and gentle nature. Can we say, then, on the warrant of nature, not less than on that of Scripture, that the man is the head of the woman ? Then, it follows that the man is bound to serve the woman, and to use his utmost strength to guard her from scath and wrong. (Applause.) Feel tenderly to every woman — the humblest and plainest ; feel that it is unworthy of your manhood to abuse her divinely-implanted trust in you, and readiness to sacrifice herself for you ; feel that it is as much the action of a cur and a blackguard to wrong a woman as it would be to oppress a child ; and then your manhood will grow, your courage, your self-control, your chivalrous gentleness, and it will be with more right than the proud Douglases of old that you will write upon your shield 'Tender and true.' (Applause.) Who are the strong men, the bold men, the men of such high knightly character that all look to them for leading, and lean on them in danger 1 They are the pure hearted men, the men who look on women as sacred beings, made sacred by their weakness and trustfulness, and, above all, by their holy functions as priestesses of the home. If man be the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, the: natural fount of those holier and tenderer feelings which are too often dulled or dried up in the hard conflicts and selfish interests of his life. That is why it is a liberal education to live with a pure, high-minded woman. She elevates a man's motives, stimulates his imagination, purifies his feelings, and, adds tenfold to his moral force and influence, whether in the Church or the State. (Applause.) Woe to him, then, if in his passionate selfishness he corrupts his heart, and abuses a weakness which was associated with his life to call out its noblest and most chivalrous impulses. Careful observers of human life have often been surprised at the subtle, wide reaching degeneration of character which attends sins of impurity. Their influence seems to reach to the distant recesses of the spirit, and to have a power of breaking down and deteriorating every moral impulse, which is like nothing so much as that which is exerted by certain subtle poisons, upon the bodily tissues. Whence then, it has been asked, does this sin derive its tremendously noxious and farreach ing power ? I think I have already answered that question. From its intrinsic baseness ; from the continually hardening, force of selfishness which is required to shut the ears to that voice of woman's suffering, which, as the sin develops its consequences, pleads so mightily to man's natural pity 'r above all, from the extinction of that divinely appointed stimulus of man's sympathetic impulses which is furnished by the pure relation of husband and wife, of youth and betrothed maiden. Trample on woman, and you trample on your own moral nature. Respect woman, care for her, work for her, give her knightly shelter and protection from the human beasts who would wring a moment's pleasure from her ruin ; and with continually accelerating force, in secret unconscious ways of which we can give no account, you shall find the loftier emotions gaining sway in your heart, and touching your life to finer issues. Believe me, the mainten ance of purity in the relations of the sexes is vital to national greatness and prosperity. (Applause.) For in the relation of husband to wife, of parent to child, through long grada tions of mutual tenderness and support, each is bound to each and all ' with golden chains about the feet of God.' Break once those golden links of loving help and service, and all the strong bonds of civilised society will be weakened and loosed ; men will be driven asunder into selfish atomism, and the whole firm structure of the commonwealth fall into ruin. (Applause.) Resolve, then, that whatever be the temptations-, which assail you, you will resist them in the might of Christ ; that never by any act or word of yours will you become guilty of the murder of a woman's body and soul ; that if you see some conscienceless wretch stealthily weaving the web of seduction round a helpless maiden's feet, you will with all your strength rend it in pieces and take the conse-, quences. (Applause.) Fight down the ape within you. Trust in the might of Him who is greater than the world. t Be vigilant, be confident. So nigh to glory is our dust, : So nigh is God to man, When duty whispers low, Thou must, The soul replies, I can. ' And by way of strengthening this resistance of your indi vidual will, take measures to create a public opinion which shall be a terror to every evil- doer. Law, as I have said, can do but little, but public opinion can overawe and bridle the mightiest transgressors in the world. Organise your selves, therefore, into a vast White Cross Union, the members of which shall be pledged to stand together, to seek the life of the King of Purity in Holy Communion, and to strike with all their collective force against the dark fiend of social corruption. You not only double your strength, you increase it a myriadfold by association. You gain thus the force of sympathy, the consciousness that a thousand minds are per-, fecting your plans, a thousand hands are sustaining your work, a thousand voices are swelling your prayers. You will thus create a literature, a propaganda of purity ; above all, a banded might of righteous opinion, before which the » boldest libertine will shrink and falter. (Continued applause.) \ Oh ! whether you be young or old, think, I pray you, of the holy names of sister, wife, and mother ; think of all the holy influences which stream forth upon an evil world from the relations which those sacred names represent ; and resolve, . one and all, that under no sky from which the sun shines, down shall those names have a holier, tenderer . meaning.* 'than in this fair land of our birth or adoption. Do much -and dare much in this blessed cause, resolving that if you ?cannot conquer at once, at least you will do what in you lies to prepare the victory for a coming generation. Remember 'what the poet has said about that glorious defeat which is the pledge and condition of ultimate victory — They outtalked thee, hiss'd thee, tore thee — ; Better men fared thus before thee ; Fired their ringing shot and passed, Hotly charged, and sank at last. Charge once more, then, and be dumb 1 Let the victors, when they come, ?. - When the forts- of folly fall, Find thy body by the wall I THE CLEKGY. ?One word to the clergy, and I have done. For a whole generation the ministers of religion have been prosecuting their work under the pressure of crippling disabilities. From a past full of mistakes and shortcomings they inherited a popular distrust, whioh identified them with the party of privilege and reaction. Again, without any fault of their own, they found themselves confronted by a parasitic philo sophy, which, winding its poisonous and strangling arms about the healthy trunk of modern science, craftily identified itself with that which it concealed, and created the pretended conflict between religious and scientific truth. Once more, as if these difficulties were not enough to test their courage and resource, Christian ministers in these southern lands have had to contend with all the disadvantages of division, ?competition, poverty, exhausting toil, and the thousand privations attendant on the rough and ever-changing circum : stances of a new settlement. Their life has been a hard one; and if at times oppressed and weary, battling desperately with adverse influences, and depressed by indifference or ?contempt, they have felt as though their efforts were hope less, who amongst us is entitled to question their fidelity, or to stand apart and say, I am holier than thou ? It has been a weary fight for many. But take courage, my beloved brethren. The clouds are lifting, the stumbling-blocks are being rolled away. He whom we have served in the dark ness is visibly coming out of His place to honour His / faithful servants, and to prove to them once again that He is the Lord of man's heart, and that not one of His words of promise shall fail of its fulfilment. Be it ours, then, to cast away every theory, however venerable, which is more or other than His words will justify, to affirm boldly every thing which He has taught us, however apparently para doxical or opposed to powerful interests ; to set Him forth fully as the Friend of the poor, the Saviour of the sinful, the Divine Founder of that kingdom of God in which strength is to be the servant of weakness, love the destruc tion of privilege, and the brotherhood of man the crowning glory of the Gospel of the Fatherhood of God ; and then, sooner perhaps than we have ventured to hope, and in secret marvellous ways past man's finding out, the heart of the world shall be opened to receive our message, to rejoice with us in its blessedness, and to cherish it as the truth and the power of God. (Long-continued applause.) Newly elected lay representatives having been called on to sign the attendance book, and the usual resolutions as to the hours of meeting and the order of proceedings having been moved by the Registrar and agreed to, the Assembly proceeded to business. BEPOETS OF THE BISHOP IN COUNCIL, &O.; The customary report of the proceedings of the Bishop- in- Council ; a special report relating to Church lands ; the report of the board of management of the Superanuation Fund, and other papers, were laid on the table. THE COUNCIL OF THE DIOCESE. Mr. Akehurst, who had obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend Act No. 4, 1877, section 6, by substituting for the present proviso at the end of the section the following words — ' Provided that no person shall be elected or nominated (to the council of the diocese) by the Bishop who is not a member of the Assembly' — stated that since introducing the measure he had been informed that there were ? eome weighty reasons why the right should be retained of electing or ; nominating, a person who had done good work for the Church, but ?who did not happen to be a member of the Assembly. He would therefore agree to the discharging of the bill from the notice-paper. YOUNG MEN'S CHEISTIAN ASSOCIATION. ? A letter was received from Mr. Marsh, secretary of the Young Men's Christian Association, offering the free use of the association's rooms to the representatives attending the Assembly, and also any assiatance which could be rendered to make them comfortable during their stay in Melbourne. TRUSTEES AND VESTEIBS ACT. Mr. T. T. a'Beckett brought in a bill to amend the Trustees and Vestriea Act, 1878, the two principal clauses of which were the following :— ' Section 2i of the Trustees and Vestries Act, 1878, shall be amended by the addition thereto of the words :— ' And at every such meeting the number of guardians may be varied within the limits specified in section 22.'' The stipend attached to the charge of any parochial district may be fixed, and may be altered from time to time in the manner prescribed for fixing and altering the stipend attached to the incumbency of any parish by sections 45, 46, 47, arid 48 of the said Act. Provided always that where there are two or more churches in a parochial district, the bodies managing the affairs of such churches shall, in consultation with each other, and by concurrent majorities, determine the whole amount of stipend to be certified to the Bishop, and the proportion to be contributed by each church.' On the motion for the second reading it was ex plained that the object of this amending bill was to assimilate the election of guardians to the present mode of electing vestrymen, and also to extend the right of fixing the stipend to the parochial autho rities of churches not as yet consecrated. The second reading having been unanimously carried, the house went into a committee, Mr. F. B. Godfrey presiding. Several amendments were submitted, bnt negatived, and the various clauses were passed as printed. The bill was subsequently reported to the house, read a third time, and adopted. SUNDAY-SCHOOL BUILDINGS. Mr. L. S. Donaldson inquired whether the Sunday-school Associa tion had taken any steps to urge upon parochial authorities the necessity of providing separate Snnday-school buildings, and also how many parishes in the diocese had separate buildings for Sunday-school purposes. The Biahop, in reply, stated that in 61 parishes Sunday-schools were held in Sunday-school buildings, in 12 they were held in State schools, in 15 in rented buildings, in 71 in churches, and in 23 there were separate class-rooms. Beyond inquiring whether the Sunday schools were held in separate buildings, the association had taken no further steps, inasmuch as the association could exercise no control over the parochial authorities. THE PEW-BENTING SYSTEM. The chairman of the committee appointed last session to inquire into the pew-renting system, and to report thereon, submitted a report, and moved that it be taken into consideration. After some discus sion, during which certain members of the committee asserted that the report was irregular, and had not been adopted by the committee in the manner prescribed by the standing orders, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. W. E, Morris, ' That this Assembly requests the members of the select committee to continue their labours for another year, and report at the next annual meeting of this Assembly.' FBEE SITTINGS. Mr. L. S. Donaldson moved the second reading of a bill to amend section 50 of the Trustees and Vestries Act, 1878, as follows : — 'To omit the words « one-sixth' in line one, and to insert the words ' one fourth' in lieu thereof. To add the following words as an additional paragraph : — ' The proportion of seats herein reserved as free Bhall be of the same construction, material, design, and finish as the seats for which rent is charged ; and any other sitting accommodation Bhall not be reckoned as part of the 'on^-sixth' (or 'one-fourth,' as may be determined) part of the whole number of sittings above men tioned.'' On the second reading being moved, an animated discussion ensued^ in which Archdeacon MacCullagh, Revs. J. G-arlick and J. E. Herring spoke in favour of the provisions of the bill, while the Very Bev. the Dean, Rev. C. J. Godby, MeBors. Godfrey and Moule were against them. For the bill it was contended that the Church of England was the Church of the poor man, and that a larger proportion of seats should be reserved for those who could not afford to pay for them ; that the system of rented pews was driving hundreds out of our churches ; that though the abolition of pew-rents might not be practicable, the step proposed was in the right direction ; that so long as the free seats differed in any way, either in situation or in construction, from the appropriated seats, no use would be made of them ; that the Assembly was in reality only asked to make that law which was already the general practice, as statistics showed that one fourth the sitting accommodation in the churches in the diocese was free at this moment ; that the loss of revenue would fall upon the wealthier congregations, and being only the difference between one fourth and one-sixth of their rents, could not seriously injure them ; that a proposal similar to that of the bill had found favour with the select committee on the free and open church question, as shown by their report. On the other side it was contended that, instead of these half measures, those who advocated the free system should nsist on throwing open their churches ; that the report referred to had no authority, the select committee having come to no conclusion; that the proportion of free sittings (one-sixth) had been fixed by the law of the land, and could not be touched by the Assembly ; that particular churches had entered into arrangements on the faith of a certain revenue from their seat- rents which it would not be equitable to disturb ; that in cases where all rentable seats were let the bill would require that some of the pew-holders should be dispossessed of their seats. The Bishop also pointed out that in some well-to-do districts the additional free seats would find no occupants, while the parochial revenue would be materially reduced. Mr. Donaldson having replied, the question was put, and the second reading was lost by the clergy, voting — ayes, 32 ; noes, 38. The bill was therefore thrown out. DIVISION OF THE DIOCESE. The Kev. Canon Vance, pursuant to notice, moved — ' That, in the opinion of this Assembly, it iB desirable that the diocese of Melbourne be further divided.' And contingent upon the passing of this reso lution — ' That a committee be appointed to consider and report to the Assembly at its next sitting — (a) as to the best way in which the division should be made, and (5) as to the steps necessary to be taken to provide a sufficient endowment of the new see ; the com mittee to consist of the Very Rev. the Dean, Archdeacons MacCullagh and Tucker, Canon Handfield, the Eev. J. Garlick, Sir William Stawell, Dr. Hearn, Messrs. Henry Henty, W. E. Morris, H. Jennings, jun., A. Woolley, and the mover.' He thought that no more important subject could be brought before that Assembly. Even the former division of the diocese had been demanded by less imperative con siderations. The resolutions initiated nothing but inquiry. All the necessary steps in forming a new diocese had been laid down by the General Synod ; and when the committee he asked for had done itB work, they -would only then be in a position to take the first step. They need not fear that anything would be done in haBte. They were well secured against precipitate steps by the Synod's ordinance. All he asked was that the matter should be thoroughly gone into, and this, whatever their own views, they could hardly deny him. Dis tricts were not ambitious, as a rule, of becoming dioceses. Such a proposal, therefore, was seldom made before there was occasion. Proposals, however, for dividing this diocese, with suggestions of help to be had from coadjutors and suffragans, were rife at this time, all witnessing to the common belief that the diocese had outgrown its existing organisation, and therefore — it was the only constitutional course, the rest were makeshifts — ought to be divided. The figures quoted by the Bishop in his charge demonstrated the necessity for division. In the northern archdeaconry a great missionary field had been opened — that part of the territory now containing as many clergymen, readers, parishes, and districts as the diocese of Melbourne thirty-two years ago, when to supervise it taxed all the time and strength of the able and energetic Bishop Perry. Such a field deserved a greater supervision than can be given by a Bishop, however willing, whose presence at head-quarters was needed for the control of the complex Church machinery, as well as the direction of the public mind, and that he may take his part in the spiritual activities of the city. The Bishop would have to make his choice. He could not be at once the Metropoli tan Bishop, striking at the hydra heads of evil, helping the educated classes in their intellectual difficulties about religion, speaking the last word about all the burning questions of the day, and also the Missionary Bishop for the remote corners of the colony. Yet so long as those districts were included in his diocese they had a claim on him for work which belonged to his office. It was no disparagement to his great powers to say that he could not do that work. But the worst of it was, he would try to do it, would not spare himself, would when called upon give himself as entirely to these special labours as if he were Missionary Bishop before everything, and only by accident spiritual father of two-thirds of the colony (applause.) Only failure of the work, or breakdown of the man, could come of this. Of course, it would be breakdown of the man ; but that meant also failure, or rather inter ruption, of that great work to which he had devoted himself with ao much self-denial, and in which not the Church of England alone, but the whole religions community, had an interest. Already they had had their warnings that the Bishop's time among them might be short ; but though these words had alarmed them, they had not been roused up to do the only thing which would enable them to retain him. He (Canon Vance) would no longer accept the responsibility of inaction. They would have to give account hereafter to the Church if they refused to take the necessary step for husbanding the strength and conserving the energies of the shepherd of this people. (Applause.) He believed that the new diocese itself would gain substantially by the separation, for it would have a resident Bishop to develop its resources and stimulate its workers. They all knew the worth of a Bishop to his diocese when he was of the right stuff. Only let the right man be found, and the Bishop was himself the best endowment of his Church. All he asked them to do was not to block the way by throwing out his resolutions, but to let them go to the committee, who might be trusted to propose nothing that was extravagant ; and, if they did not like their report, they could reject it next session. Let the house give them the chance of devising some plan by which the diocesan work might be lightened, sufficient oversight be given where it was needed, an able and active bishop after the pattern of some recent arrivals be brought out to strengthen the ranks of the colonial episcopate, while to themselves might be preserved the Bishop whom, if they lost, they could not hope to replace, who, from the day he set foot on these shores, had been a power for good in the community, whose personal influence was greater than that of any other man in the colony, and who had never used one fraction of that influence for his own aggrandisement or benefit, but had given all his powers, as he had all his means, to the service of his Master and his Church. (Continued applause.) Mr. F. K. Godfrey seconded the motion. The Rev. Canon Handfield expressed his strong sense of the desir ability of establishing a new diocese. He hoped that the committee would be free to take a comprehensive view of the situation. In his . opinion the appointment of a coadjutor Bishop of Melbourne would not materially assist the Bishop. Before any definite arrangements were made for the erection of a new diocese, it was absolutely neces sary that the Assembly should satisfy itself from a financial stand point that they were capable of establishing the proposed new diocese. The creation of a third diocese would have the advantage of calling the province into existence, and giving to the Church in the colony the power of united action. The Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh would vote for the motion, but would point out that, if the number of districts were increasing, the facilities for travelling about among them were much greater than in former days. He was of opinion that the severance of the country from the town districts would be no relief to the Bishop — that it was the town work which was pressing most heavily on him, and that to keep him in town would be to shut him up in a prison. The Very Rev. the Dean thought that was a fairly spacions prison which stretched from Cape Otway to Cape Howe. There was plenty of country work for the Bishop without taking in the northern 1 district. ? ? . ( The Ven. Archdeacon Tucker stated that the people in the nor- \ them district would be very reluctant to leave the diocese of Mel bourne, but if such an event came about they might possibly accept the situation if the Bishop of Melbourne, whom they all loved and admired, promised to pay them an occasional visit. The whole ques tion turned on the sufficiency of the endowment. The people were poor, and likely to be poorer. Unless an ample endowment could be found for the diocese it would be sheer folly to talk of separation. The Rev. Canon Potter thought the Bishop of Melbourne would be best relieved by the clergy making fewer demands on his time and talents. Every one could see that the present strain on the Bishop . a was more than mortal man could bear, so continuously was the Bishop engaged in preaching, presiding at meetings, delivering lectures, &c; What they should endeavour to do was to induce the Bishop to work within reasonable limits, to devote his holidays to real recreation, and accept the principle of the eight-hours system. (Applause.) The Bishop begged the Assembly to consider this matter altogether apart from him. The impression seemed to be abroad that the work was crushing him into bis grave. Now he did not feel in the least like that. (Applause.) In fact he did not know that he was ever more alive than he waB at that moment. Certainly he had to work hard, but that was owing to his natural dulness. (Loud laughter.) They did not seem to believe him, but it was actually the fact. (Re newed laughter.) Well, if his working hours were reduced to eight a day they would soon discover that he was telling the truth. It- would be simply impossible for him to get on unless he worked sixteen, hours a day. The work did him no harm. He was, perhaps, growing greyer and balder, but that was because he was growing older. He felt some of the ravages of age, but he could still walk four and1 v twenty miles over the mountains, and a man was not far gone when he could do that. (Laughter and applause.) He felt that it would be a good thing to separate the Sandhurst or great northern district from the diocese of Melbourne, provided they could sufficiently endow it. He had no desire to have a coadjutor. Unless he were to nominate his coadjutor he would be of no use to him; but if the coadjutor was to have the right of succession the Assembly ought not to let the nomination pass out of their own hands. The matter really resolved itself into a question of endowment. (Hear, hear.) After some further discussion, Canon Vance's motion was put and adopted, the following additional names being added to the com mittee : — Archdeacon Stretch, the Rev. J. E. Herring, the Rev. J.. Carlisle, and Messrs. J. Shackell, M.L.A., R. Sellar, L. S. Donaldson,. M. C. Bridger, and J. E. Geake. THE DIOCESAN BOOK DEPOT. . : The Rev. B. Reed asked the President what purposes of general ' utility are served by the Diocesan Book Dep6fc, and why is it that theological books are more costly there than at other booksellers' in t Melbourne 1 The Bishop replied that the chief purpose of the Diocesan Book Society was to import Sunday-school material and prizeB, which is not a branch of the ordinary booksellers' business. Hymn-books and prayer-books were also imported, and a few select theological works, including those recommended by the Bishop. It was not a fact that theological books were more costly there than at other booksellers' in Melbourne. Later in the session the Rev. B. Reed proposed : — 'That in order to increase the general confidence of the members of the Church in the committee managing the affairs of the Diocesan Book Society, the committee be enlarged by the addition of the following gentle men : — The Rev. Canon Chalmers, the Rev. J. E. Herring, the Rev. H. F. Scott, and the mover.' He complained that the clergy could get their books much cheaper at Mullen's and Robertson and Co.'s, who allowed them 10 per cent, discount on the selling price. This the society would not do. The Rev. W. C. Ford seconded the motion, and instanced books which had been purchased elsewhere at less cost. The Rev. Canon Vance moved as an amendment, which Mr. W. E,. Morris seconded, that all the words in the resolution reflecting on the existing committee should be left out. _ _ - Mr. H. S. Barlow, as the honorary secretary of the committee, said the books were sold as cheaply as the committee could afford. Their published prices were as low as at any bookshop, but they could not compete with the great town booksellers in the matter of discount to the clergy. He asserted that the book society was independent of the Assembly, and that the motion was ultra vires. He protested against a motion of this sort, which would never have been brought by an ordinary man without making his complaint to the committee in the first instance. (Hear, hear.) He submitted, as a second amendment, that a committee be appointed to confer with the com mittee of the book society. After some discussion — in the course of which Canon Chalmers desired that his name might be omitted from the proposed committee; he had every confidence in the book society, and had found a great improvement of late in their selection of books ; still he could not understand, seeing they stood free from rent, why they could not charge as low prices as booksellers, who paid enormous rents; and Mr.. A. Woolley expressed his opinion that what they wanted was a layman on the committee who was an expert at the book trade, and could buy cheaply for the society — Mr. Barlow's amendment was carriedr the committee consisting of the Revs. J. E. Herring, A. V. Green,, and B. Reed, and Mr. F. G. Moule. NEW BILLS. , The following motion was submitted by the Rev. C. P. Thomas : — ' That a copy of any bill or bills to be introduced by the Registrar of the Diocese to the Church Assembly be forwarded when possible to the members of the Assembly not later than one month before the meeting of the Assembly.' In its original form this motion wasjor new bills introduced 07 the Council to bo sent to the ruridecanal chapters two months before '^ the session, and for the chapters to be summoned to consider them at least one month before. In the- discussion which ensued — the Rev. Messrs. Perks, Hall, Herring, and Messrs. Godfrey and Moulc taking part — it was pointed out that the Assembly had no cognisance of the ruridecanal chapters, which are creations of the Bishop ; that the rule could not be applied to private bills, though equally desirable in their case ; that, in order not to tie the hands of the Council, the clause, 'where possible,' would have to be introduced; that its introduction would make the motion practically inoperative ; that the chapters would not have before them the information possessed by/the Council, and would form judgments on insufficient knowledge, to which they would be committed ; and that the measures intended for the Assembly would be liable to be discussed beforehand in the r country papers. The motion as amended above was passed. CLERGY WIDOW AND ORPHANS' FUND. ' The Rev. H. N. 'VVollaston and Mr. W. Godfrey were re-elected directors of this fund, and Mr. J. D. Gowan and Mr. T. B. Hill were elected honorary auditors of the fund for the ensuing year. At the request oi; the chapter of the rural deanery of Kyneton, the Rev. J. E. Herring moved : — ' That the allowances granted to clergy men and their widows under the old regulations of the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund are, in the opinion of this Assembly, manifestly insufficient ; and that now, when the capital of the fund has reached £20,000, the attention of the directors of the fund be drawn to the fact, in order that immediate steps maybe taken to increase such allowances on a more liberal and equitable basis.' Mr. Herring pointed out that whereas the widows of clergymen who had subscribed for years could only receive £20 a year, those of clergy men who were under the new regulations might receive £57, and those of non-subscribers £47. This seemed unjust. The motion was seconded by the Rev. Amos Brasier. A clergyman could brave any hardship for himself, but was concerned for those he should leave behind. Did £20 a year express the value they set upon the work of clergymen's wives 1 The Rev. C. T. Perks corrected Mr. Herring's statement as to non subscribers' wives. They could not receive the amount named. He would not oppose the motion. The directors had some years ago made the same proposal, but were warned that they must have the written consent of all subscribers. One clergyman had refused, which quashed the project. After various suggestions had been made, the following amended resolution on the subject was submitted by Mr. Herring and adopted : — ' That a committee be appointed to consider the subject of allowances under the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund regulations, and to bring up a report to the next meeting of the Church Assembly, such committee to consist of the directors of the fund, with the addition of the Revs. C. S. Perry and H. F. Scott, Mr. W. E. Morris, and the mover.' REMOVAL OF VESTRYMEN AND CHURCHWARDENS. The Rev. C. M. Yelland brought forward a bill to amend section 33 of the Trustees and Vestries Act, 1878, by adding thereto the words — ' And the Bishop in Council may, if he see fit, by writing under his hand, remove a churchwarden or vestryman from his office for any of the causes hereinafter mentioned, that is to say — (1) Absence from the church and vestry meetings of which he is a churchwarden or vestrymen for a period of three months ; (2) seques tration of his estate as an insolvent ; (3) commission of any offence punishable by law, being sinful in itself ; (4) drunkenness or un chastity ; (6) incapacity, from mental or physical infirmity, to per form the duties of his office ; (6) refusal to conform to Acts assented to by the Bishop as Acts of the Church Assembly ; (7) conduct implying secession from the Church of England.' The Rev. H. J. Poole having seconded the second reading, objection was taken by Mr. Moule to the Bishop in Council being constituted a court for the trial of ecclesiastical and even criminal offences. It was replied that the Council already were charged with that duty in the case of trustees. The bill having gone into committee, it was pro posed to amend clause one— (1) by enlarging the period to six months ; (2) by making the absence ipso facto unseat the officer, without need ' of action taken by the Bishop in Council ; (3) by extending the operation of the clause to guardians. It being found impossible to include guardians without framing a fresh bill, the measure was pro nounced unripe, and a motion that the chairman do leave the chair was carried by 41 to 38 voices. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN STATE-SCHOOLS. The Rev. B. Williams moved — 'That a petition be presented to Parliament praying that the following recommendations of the Royal Commission on Education be carried into effect, and that the Presi dent be requested to sign the petition on behalf of the Assembly : — (1) That an interpretation clause be introduced into the Act whereby the term .' secular instruction' shall be declared to include general religious teaching of a non-sectarian character ; (2) that the school curriculum shall include such Scripture lessons as those contained in the book issued by the Board of National Education in Ireland, such lessons to be given before or. after the time set apart for secular education, a conscience clause being added for the protection of children whose parents do not wish them to receive religious instruc tion ; (3) that such instruction may be given by any teacher approved by the parents; (4) that religious instruction may be given by as many of the State-school teachers as are willing to impart it.' The mover was of opinion that there had been too much talk about this very important matter, and the time had now arrived when some thing should be done. The Assembly was the mouthpiece of the Church, and a strong expression of opinion from it would be heard and respected by Parliament. The Rev. R. W. Cooke, in seconding the motion, said that, however desirous they might be to assist the Roman Catholics in their diffi culty, if the latter did not come to terms they would have to pass them by, and make the best arrangement for their own children. The Rev. H. A. Langley strongly supported the motion. The value of voluntary religious teaching had been greatly over-rated. He made that statement in the light of the experience he had acquired as a worker in the movement in Prahran. In that district 50 per cent, of children got excuses to leave when the hour for religious teaching arrived. He had seen some of those excuses, and they bore the appearance of having been written by the children themselves. Still they had to be accepted, and the children allowed to depart. The system was wholly inefficient, and the longer it was worked the more it would break down. The motion was put and unanimously adopted. On the day following the passing of the above resolution, standing orders having been suspended, Mr. Saint drew attention to a statement made by the Rev. H. A. Langley to the Assembly the previous day in reference to excuses from attending the religious instruction. Mr. Langley was reported to have said that the Association of which he (Mr. Saint) was secre tary, and Mr. Langley the president, received excuses for 50 per cent, of the children. He (Mr. Saint) thought it important to point out that the figures showed that three- fifths of the children in the schools dealt with by the Association received this religious instruction, one other fifth were infants, and for the remaining fifth there were excuses. The Dean, in the absence of the Rev. H. A. Langley, pointed out that Mr. LangJey had only referred to the particular class in the school which he had himself taken. BUILDING LIABILITIES. . ,^ . Mr. L. S. Donaldson moved—0 That in the opinion of this As' sembly the practice of incurring heavy building liabilities iB contrary to the interests of the Church, and that the Bishop in Council be requested to grant no aid to buildings except when two-thirds of the entire cost shall have been subscribed locally.' The' Bishop pointed out that what the mover asked in the second part of his resolution was already the rule in the diocese. The resolution was then with drawn. MARRIAGE LICENSE PEES. The Rev. C. M. Yelland, pursuant to notice, moved — ' That in the opinion of this Assembly it is desirable that the fee for marriage licenses should be abolished.' The mover held that through mar riages of our people being frequently solemnised by ministers of other communions, to avoid the heavy fee charged for licensed marriages, many families were lost to the Church. The poor would not be married by banns. A minister who called himself of the Free Church of England reaped a harvest of marriage fees through his low charges. If the license fee could not be abolished it should at least be reduced to sSl. Dr. B?'omby, from his own know ledge, could testify that the high license fee deterred people from being married in Church. Now that he understood that he might reduce the fee, he frequently did so, but not without first doing his best to secure the larger amount for the registry. He gave illustra tions of the kind of haggling to which this led. Canon Potter con sidered that if the Church law imposed on any clergyman the neces sity for such haggling, it was time the law should be altered. He would only reduce the fee upon written declaration of inability to pay. The Bisiwp said that m arriage by banns was the Church rule ; by license an exception within the Bish op's power. To reduce or abolish the high fee for licenses would be to make marriage by license the rule, and to take away the Bishop's power of making any exceptions. The cost of the registry office was defrayed by the fees for license. He had received that registry as a sacred charge from his predecessor, and no one need think that he would do away with its only source of income. Mr. T. T. a'Beeliett could not bear that he should appear to be standing in the way of a proposed reform. He gave a history of the registry, from which it appeared that the sum now received by himself is very small. He was willing to resign his office if it would benefit the Church. (Cries of 'No 1 No 1') The motion was lost. On the following day Mr. W. E. Morris (honorary secretary) proposed the suspension of the standing orders, so that he might move the following resolution : — ' That a select committee, consisting (with the leave of the Assembly) of six clerks and six lay memberB of this Assembly, be appointed to consider whether the fees now charged in connection with the solemnisation of marriage by license are injurious to the Church ; and, in the event of the committee being of opinion that they are injurious, that it submit for the considera tion of the Assembly, at its next annual session, a scheme or schemes for permitting, if possible, under legislative sanction of this Assembly —without interference with the Bishop s prerogative in respect to the issue of marriage licenses, and without publication of banns — the solemnisation of marriage at a less cost than the present cost of marriage by license ; that the committee be instructed at the same time to suggest a scheme or schemes for providing a sufficient revenue for the due administration in the Diocesan Registry of the secular affairs of the Church; and that the committee consist of the Dean, Canons Handfield and Vance, Revs. J. H. Gregory, J. E. Herring, C. M. Yelland, Messrs, A. P. Akehurst, L. S. Donaldson, F. R. Godfrey, H. Plenty, F. G. Smith, and Professor Morris.' The Registrar and himself had nothing to fear from any inquiry, and would be sorry to stand in the way of anything which would be likely to prove advantageous to the Church. (Applause.) The Rev. C. S. Perry seconded the suspension of the standing orders. Agreed to. Mr. Morris then proposed his motion as above, and it was carried unanimously. GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL. The Dean of Melbourne moved: — 'That the recommendation of the Bishop in Council that this Assemby legislate for the formation of i a ladies' college on the site in East Melbourne in connection with the Church of England be given effect to ; and contingent on this being agreed to, that the law committee of the Council be requested to prepare a bill which shall provide for the erection and management if T ' of such a college, and submit the Bame for the consideration of this Assembly at its next session.' This proposal, he said, had been under the consideration of the Council for some time. No formal scheme had been drawn up, but it was hoped that the Assembly would give its sanction to the work. The Key. 0. T. Perks seconded the motion. After discussion, the motion was adopted, with the substitution of the words 'girls' high school' for 'ladies' college.' The following were elected a committee to co-operate with a select committee of the Council in giving effect to the resolution :-— The Eev. J. Garlick, the Eev. H. F. Tncker, Judge Hickman Molesworth, Messrs. W. E. Morris and H. N. P. Wollaeton. OCCUPATION OF CHUECH SITTINGS. The Eev. J. E. Herring brought in a bill for the amendment of section 51 of the Trustees and Vestries Act, 1878: — '(1) By sub stituting for the first clause the words, ' all sittings not occupied at the commencement of divine service shall be free ;' and (2) by sub stituting for the words, ' before such time ' at the end of the second clause, the words, ' for special services or occasions.' ' In moving the second reading, he said that the present system did not allow of the unoccupied seats being filled until a most important part of the service was taken up. This arrangement tended to make the parish church «, proprietary chapel. Sittings in the house of God were regarded very much in the light of dress circle ceats at the theatre. The proposal was a step — and that not a violent one at all — towards doing away with some of the evils of the present pew system. The second' proposed alteration was intended/to provide for those special cases, such as confirmations, when obstinate pew-holders refused to allow their front seats to be occupied by the candidates. The motion was seconded by Canon Dickinson, who suggested the addition of words providing for the appropriation of seats ' at the hour appointed for' the commencement of divine service. Persons can be punctual for trains ; why not for services ? It was opposed by Mr. Alteliurst, who would relegate the question to the committee already appointed, and moved that the bill be read that day six months ; by Mr. Godfrey, who- deprecated continual tinkering of bills. The Church officers, under the existing law, had all power to make whatever regulations were desired. If resolutions like this were carried, they would drive the best people out of their churches ; — by Canon Vance, who said that the proposed rule had been the law in this diocese for some years, and had remained a dead letter. People would not rush the seats of those who paid for them the instant the bell stopped; — but supported by Canon Chalmers, who said that the proposal involved in the bill had been law in this diocese without any disastrous results, and was now law in the diocese of Ballarat. It would never have ceased to be law here had the Free and Open Church Association been in existence. (Mr, God frey : 'It was.') Yes, but it only numbered one individual — (loud laughter) ;— by Canon Potter, who hoped that Mr. Godfrey did not mean the 'wealthiest' by 'the best' people. (Mr. Godfrey: 'I mean the regular churchgoers.') On the suggestion of the Bishop, the bill was referred to the Freehand Open Church Committee, with instructions to report on the subject to the next Assembly. THE PASTORAL AID SOCIETY. The Eev. E. J. Veai proposed the following resolution : — ' That in the opinion of this Assembly it is desirable that the committee of the Pastoral Aid Society be requested to ask the contributors to the funds of the society belonging to the Church of England to divert their con . tributions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund.' He wanted information as to what was to become of th© Pastoral Aid Society, which they were informed was almost dead. Mr. F. E. Godfrey said he became hon. secretary to the Pastoral Aid Society when it was in a dying state, and he had not now the slightest hesitation in saying that it was on its last legs, and would, at -the end of this year, probably be wound up. Under these circumstances he supported the resolution to invite the Church of England contributors to that society to transfer their subscrip tions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. He believed that the members of the Church of England who had helped the society would have no objection to do so provided the money was ear-marked. It was not for him to go into the causes of the failure of the Pastoral Aid Society to obtain sufficient support, but he was informed by some Presbyterian contributors that they had ceased to give because, as they said, the money would go towards helping some of those men who were supporting the tyrannical majority in their Church. He thought there could be no doubt that the Presbyterian Assembly was in a great measure responsible for bringing the society into the state of collapse in which it was ; and he also believed that the exchange of pulpits had done the society a great deal of harm. The following motion, in place of the one originally proposed by Mr. Veal, was agreed to :— ' That in the opinion of this Assembly it would be a decided loss to the Church if the contributions hitherto given to the Pastoral Aid Society by the members of the Church of England should discontinue ; and that, in the event of the society being wound up, the contributors be specially invited to remit their contributions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund.' A WEEKLY CHUECH PAPEE. The Rev. H. F, Scott asked the President if the committee appointed during the last session of the Assembly, to consider the question of starting a weekiy Chuich paper, met ; and if they drew up h report ; and if so, to what effect. ? The Bishop, in reply, stated that he understood the liev. A. V. Green would lay a report on the subject on the table. The report referred to said that the committee had forwarded circulars to the incumbent of every parish or parochial district, and the reader in charge of any district in the diocese, inquiring as to the amount i.'f support tu a weekly Church newspaper that was likely to be :icc-,rued hy t Vie vespectiv- paiiabes or districts. Replie* were received irom about five-sixths of those communicated with. A few definite promises of support were given, but in the great majority of cases the reply was that no estimate could be formed until a specimen number had been issued. The committee then endeavoured to arrange for the issue of a specimen number of 4000 copies. Subscriptions to the amount' of £25 had been promised for the purpose, and the editor of the present Church paper had set on foot the necessary literary arrangements, when it was found that a misapprehension had occurred as to the terms on which the printing-firm with which the committee had been in communication would undertake the work. As a large portion of the year had been consumed in these negotiations, the committee felt it desirable to postpone active measures, but they had not changed their views, and were hopeful, if they were allowed to hold their office for another year, that they would be able to bring matters to a, more satisfactory issue. On the motion of the hon. secretary, it was decided that the Committee be asked to further reconsider the question remitted to them, and to report to the next Assembly. REPORTS OF DIVORCE CASES. The Eev. S. 0. Kont, who is secretary of the White Cross Union, moved — ' That the practice of publishing full details of the more revolting cases brought before the Divorce Court having recently assumed an alarming development, the Bishop be authorised, in the name and on behalf of this Assembly, to respectfully request the Legislature to take such steps as may be necessary to abate this nuisance, by which the young are familiarised with impurity and seriously injured, and the whole atmosphere of social life is polluted,' (Applause.) Professor Morris said that he did not know the Legislature had anything to do with the matter. The remedy was in the hands of the judges, who had the power to prohibit publication. The Eev. S. C. Kent — They can only prohibit it when a case is adjourned until the next day. They cannot prevent the publication when the trial is over. That must be for Parliament. The' motion having been altered' by the addition of the words 'judges and' before the word 'Legislature,' was unanimously adopted. OPIUM TRAFFIC. The Bishop expressed his regret that time would not allow of the Assembly taking the question of the opium traffic into consideration, but a petition praying Parliament to take steps to do away -with' the evil had been placed in his hands, and could be signed by the members present. ? ? ? ? ? ? , A large number of signatures were affixed to the petition, THE GEICE SCHOLAESHIP. The Bishop also intimated, amidst considerable applause, that he had received a cheque from Mr. John Grice for £1000 to found a scholarship in Trinity College, in memory of his father, the late Mr. E. Grice. SUNDAY-SCHOOL ASSOCIATION. The Bishop also announced that he had received a cheque from Judge Hickman Molesworth. for £25, as a donation to the Sunday-school Association. ?' THE DIOCESAN COUNCIL. The Deputy Registrar reported that the following gentlemen, being the only persons nominated, had been duly elected to fill the vacancies in the council of the diocese : — Canon Vance, Canon Chalmers, Eev. C. S. Perry, Professor Morris, Mr. F. R. Godfrey, and Mr. E. W. Dickson. The following gentlemen were re-appointed by the Bishop: — Canons Goodman and Potter, and Messrs. Gowan and King'. ( ; ' THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S FUND. . ? The honorary secretary read a letter to the Bishop from Mr. Byron Moore, as follows : — 'Exchange, 24th September. ' My Lord — The proposal of ' Finem Bespice' (in the Argus) is no doubt good, but while you were carrying it out your cpuntry clergy would starve. We exist, so to speak, from hand 'to mouth, and as fast as we collect the money we have to disburse it. An idea, ha's- ' however, struck me that our present system and that proposed by ' Finem Respice' might both be carried out. Could hot owriers'of land make gifts to the Bishop's Fund, and in many cases more con veniently than cash ? For myself, I have not the means to give cash, but I will give an allotment worth £60, if nineteen others will do the same. Thereare no doubt many individuals and syndicates who would readily hand over one of their allotments to the Bishop, and these in time would create a very substantial property.-1- Yours faith;... fully, . . ?...-; . . ? H. Byron Moore.'' \ v. ? ;.' ABSENT LAY MEMBERS. ? ',. ~. ,','?? m ^ On the motion of the Registrar leave of absence was given to all. members not. present at the Assembly during the session. ? . Y s PROROGATION. . ' . The Bishop said that it only remained for him to prorogue the. Assembly. ? In so doing he must express the great pleasure he had experienced in presiding. There had not been many bills this session, but he thought they had done a fair amount of good work, and they might congratulate themselves on the fact that the business had been conducted with absolute unanimity and brotherly charity i ??; The Assembly was then prorogued sine die. 