SUPERNATURA.L1SM IN THE POLICE COUKT. An amusing case vati heard on Friday afternoon (relates the Age) at the City Polioe Court before the Police Magistrate, Mr Call. A young man of respectable appearance, named Marry Claude Winters, described as a gymnats was charged bi | lis mother-in-law Mrs Elizabeth Shepherd with stealing her furniture, which she valued at £40. Mr Morgan appeared for the . prosecution. The complainant, an elderly, woman, who had taken out a warrant and had the prisoner arrested, said she was a widow, and earned her living as a dressmaker. 'She used to live at 4 Pelham-street, Carlton. The prisoner and his wife lived there also, aa he had no home of his own. On the 16th Jnly she left the house to go into service, the prisoner having charge of the furniture. On the 16"th met, bavi&g; left her place, she went back to the house to see if all.was right, when she found the house empty, and discovered that all the furniture' had besn removed to an auction room in Bourke-streeŁ She went there and saw several things which belonged to her. In crose-examina'tion by the accused Ł she —j-^- admitted j haVing't&d; . . łum the .. ^ night be: fore betas' married, tnat 4 ttis wife was not realty her daughter, and . that the girl's mother was in England.- She would swear now that the girl was her daughter. The reason she told prisoner this falsehood was that the girl who was a notorious liar, had begged of- her to say so. The accused's brother, S. L. Winters was called, and gave some extraordinary evidence. He announced himself as a professional "sword swallower" and contortionist, and 'performei on the horizontal bar. He had been staying at the Criterion Hotel. The complainant, Mrs Shepherd, was a believer in ghosts and spirits and held conversations with tbelitter. On one occasion while heandhis brotLer(the prisoner) were in the house together they heir A a noise which si 'alarmed, them that they concealed themselves in a cupboard, taking weapons of defence in case of its being burglars breaking into the place Whl9 secreted in the cupboard peeping through the cracks, they Baw Mrs Shepherd and a little girl e iter, who forthwith darkened the house, and called out to the spirits in affectionate t-rms. The prisoner being a bit of veatriloquist, answered her from the cupboard in a ventriloquial voice, saying " Yes, dear," when she asked if a spirit was present. Then Mrs Shepherd adjured the sp r.ts, and said she mortally and bitterly liatid her son-in.law, and mentioned in the coHrsa of ber colloquy with the ghostly being she was in imagination addressing that she was in love with an old gentleman, who reciprocated heT affection and would marry her. Mr Call here interposed with the remark " What was said about the furniture; to whom did it belong?" The witness then in a long rambling account of the interview between Mrs Shepherd and the spirits, said the former had distinctly owned to having given up the furniture, and wanted the ghost to aid beri in putting a bullet through the prisoner ani helping her afterwards, if convicted and sentenced to be hanged for murder, to die like a brave woman. All the while this spiritualistic conversation wa« going on a jingling noise was heard in the cabinet where the two brothers were concealed fooling the woman. After listening with extraordinary patience to a good deal of this peculiar evidence, the bench dismissed the case, and ordered the. accused to be set at liberty. 