' 1 does death sting ? Dr, G. L. Beardsley, -in the Medical and Siirgical Reporter, concludes that the dread of dying is quite'-as- intense as the instinct of self- preservation. Indeed, it is not improbable, add3 the doctor, that numbers would care less about living were the., modes of "leaving the world a theme for -'happy contemplation, or an innova tion to the routine of plodding' that was agree able.., cQn e . i i s remarkably exempt .from, the crime of hasty induction if be affirms that there is.no sarib far healthy mortal who anticipates his'-'extiribtion with any degree of pleasure. tThe function of, dying is absolutely vegetative— we fall to pieces like a .flower. . This very fact, that the process is chemical, coDfirms us in the con clusion that the fiual " throe " is as painless' as the inconvenience is nothing to the fcetal pil grim when lie touches on daylight. A moinent'6 examination of the way we are to die will show marks of. goodness in our " taking off." .The degree of sensibility is proportioned to the integrity of tlio tissues. - "An inflammation heightens it ; age depreciates it. Any defect in nutrition disturbs the comfort of the individual until the carbonic acid generated in the dcvitali- sation of- the: blood. becomes -fixed in the cells or is' -no longer.- displaced;. The sensory ganglia everywhere part with their irritability by virtue of this, poison; - and cease to conduct currents. The criteria of death are being satisfied, and tlie process is consummated when this extinction of sensibility prevails at the ultimate filaments. During the- progress of this dissolution of the nerve force, this creeping on of the numbness of death; the, individual is rapidly passing into a condition of repose, and instead of torture or pangs, a degree of self-satisfaction oft approach ing to enthusiasm is . realised. The sensations peculiar to the therapeutioal operation of opium, hashish, ether, &c.;, are not improbably akin to the'nieiital activities of the dying. Barring the hallucinations experienced in the stupor a3 it gains on the subject, the moribund is familiar with naught that borders, oh suffering. This carbonic acid has poisoned or narcotised the several' ganglia, and reflex productions are inter dicted. A consummate analgesia prevails. . In shor.t,. the. notion of pain is forbidden the instant that any stimulus fails to excite a response. The. condition :to this irritability is tbat the nerve centre and traok be sound. If this vigour vanishes, reflex' phenomena are at an end, and suffering,- physiologically speaking, ' is impossible, because of the arrest of the function' of the sympathetic. ' Fortunately, for a wholesome study of fane's demise, there are assurances abundant,', from vivisection, the testimony of thoSe'wb'o have 'been' restored to consciousness, and the affirmations of tlie dying, that there is no physical : recoil from death. Burney tried hard tb.resist the efforts made to resuscitate him from drowning, so bewitched was lie by his pro longed slumber., . Dr. Solander, the traveller, was so delighted with the sensations of excessive cold; that he, was the first to lie down in the snow to realise" the luxury of such a death, Wil liam Hunter was sorry he was not able to " write how, easy and delightful it is to die." Infants' die as serenely as they breathe, and not a few" a'mong the advanced in years treat death as a friend to : their infirmities. Hanging is naturally/ rated, next to crucifixion, a most'dis- tressing-procedure. But it. is reported of those who have been saved from strangulation that the agony promised to be brief, and was rapidly replaced .- by. hallucinations 1 of a fascinating variety.' -One would fain believe that the kind God who suffered us to feel no eigh in comiug would .'.take no delight in turning our farewell into writhing— nay, ho does not quit us at tho last. He is our greatest Benefactor in allowing us to sleep' faut of weariness. Death is as suredly, no. tax collector ; its " jaws " are not the olutoliWof an assailant ; there is no "victory to the grave ;" the ghost speeds away from us as it entered, with no ruiile. The sense of death, as Shakespeare has it, is most in apprehension. It'is the' fear ;of , the lonely uiglit, not tho throes of nature, that makes the leaving painful. 