Reply to "What is it?" ON PAGE 14 OF AUGUST "ILLUSTRATED NEWS." 1. WHAT is it has lifted the hair on the heads Of the people at Tarpaulin Creek-- That's caused them to tremblingly crawl to their beds, And made them feel nervous and weak? 2. "What is it?" 'tis asked, that occasions their fears That has filled all their hearts with affright? That they've seen with their eyes, and heard with their ears, And that stops them from rambles by night? 3. They know there's a something by which they are awed-- Which their boldest dare not try to shoot; A something, the tale has been bruited abroad, Which is neither ghost, human, nor brute. 4. There are sceptics, 'tis said, who make fun of the thing, And regard the whole story as trash; But though the weird tale has a mythical ring, Those who scorn it are perhaps rather rash. 5. There are many queer things in Australia, Which, as yet, are not perfectly known; And if one of them happened to "nail yer," You'd expire with a very slight groan. 6. Old bushmen have often related, And of course their accounts must be true, How they've seen, at a distance not stated, The ghoulish and dreadful yahoo. 7. With one eye in the middle of his forehead, And with teeth like the tusks of a boar; His limbs and body black, hairy, and horrid, And, my word, lads, if he didn't roar! 8. Now, just to convince unbelievers, Won't asserters courageously strive To prove that they are not deceivers, By catching this wonder alive? 9. Grasp firmly the tail of the creature, Below where 'tis neatly joined on The tale, most remarkable feature, Is a wild and incredible one. 10. And, when you have captured him truly, That he may not feel much out of place, Elect him to Parliament, duly To represent those of his race. 11. And sceptics will bow down in silence, And feel quite abashed, when they see This "masher," this ''creature of violence," A model respected M. P. 12. But who doubts the truth of the story? Who does not believe every word, That a demon most ghastly and gory Has been seen, and quite frequently heard? 13. Ah, me! his existence, alas! has been proved, And, from the description, I think (Who is there could read his description unmoved) That he must be the "demon of drink." 14. At low shanties--those roadside Gomorrahs-- The publicans keep him "on tap," And shearers, mad-drunk, in the "horrors," Have often descried the old chap. 15. Let those whose deliriums have focussed An image so dire on the brain, Just cease to drink grog that's been hocussed, And they won't see "Old Bogey" again. H. P., Barnawartha, Vic. [Our insertion of the above lines does not necessarily commit us to the writer's opinions. With the verses, "What is it " we received the names of several influ- ential residents of the district referred to, as collateral proof that there is something more than the semi-idiotic ravings occasioned by poisoned rum. \--ED; I.S.N.] lt was in a country church, and the vicar, before morning service, told the curate to give out a notice about baptisms, and another about some new hymn- books. In reading the notice the curate reversed their order, and gave them as follows --" For the future Hymns Ancient and Modern will be used in this church." " There will be a baptism of infants held in this*church on Sunday next. All parents 'wishing to have their children baptised must send in their names to the vicar before Wednesday." The vicar, who was somewhat deaf, heard the curate's voicè cease, but did not observe that the order of the notices, häd been reversed ; so he rose and said, " And I should further like tb mention that those who wish to procure some of the latter can on applying at the vicarage obtain them for one shil- ling, or with extra strong backs for eighteenpence. " 