ChapterXXXVI,—" And their Revenq is as the Tiger's Spring." It will not be long, I hope, before Mias Netherdale becomes my wife." Those words were ringing in Z ;e Delmont's ears ; the death-knell of the moat passionately cherished hope that she had ever known. As the carriege turned in at her lodge gate, and the great house, bo empty, so desolate, arose before her t-yes; it must have been a hard heart that could have forborne from pitying bcr, Tho scents from her rich gardens over whelmed her with their sickening sweetness; the many windows, shining in the afternoon light, seemed to glitter in mockery of the splendid loneliness that awaited her within those walls. And with that death-knell of hope there miDgled a tauntiDg voice which told her thatshe had humbled herself in vaio. To her excited fancy it seemed as if the airy laughter of fiends was echoing through the rocms as she took her way to the boudoir. Kathleen bad triumphed; Kathleen would always triumph; and Zee's wsalth wa3 fling aside for the sake of her rival's matchless beauty. She teas beautiful, and Zie knew it now, and owned sfc with intense bitterness. Aa she lay writhing on her cushions in an agony of rage and humiliation she called up a fair vision of the girl whom Darey Bosworth loved. The soft, peach'tinted oval face, set in waves of golden-brown hair; the large clear eyes, brimful of sunshine; sweet red lips that were made to kiss. And then in an opposite mirror she caught a sudden glimpie of her own pale features, distorted with pas sion, and moaned and sobbed aloud in im potent misery. This mood could not last. It passed, as the first shock had done, but the intolerable smart of shame remained. Sho was tortured by the thought that ho would scorn her in his heart, and even ainuso his betrothed with the story of her weakness and forward foliy. Ignoble by nature, she could never grasp the fact of nobility in others; nor did sho know anj thing of that sense of honor which seals the lips of a true gentleman when a woman's secret is concerned, Not even to tho wife of his bosom, nor to the friend who was as his own soul, would Darcy Bosworth ever have breathed a word of Zoe's wild avowal. She roused herself at last, Bwept back the hair from her forebead, and looked wearily round the rccm, Everything there, in its cbangelessnees, seemed to represent the monotonous luxury of her own life; and out of doers the sunshine slept upon the fine soft turf, and the fountain kept up its familiar tinkling plash. Every leaf was motionless in the warm air : the lightest tendrils round the window were at rc-sr. Oh, for some sudden storm-blast to break thia dreadful calm, and send tfce leaves fijicg wildly over the velvet sod! The lew chair, which liBd been Sophy's favorite seat, was still standing in its old place; en a small table lay a book with her marker between its pages. 6he was beginning to ftel an intense longing for Sophy's pre sence now; she missed the quiet voice, and soft touch, and sympathisingglance. Bus the exile could not be recalled; Mrs. Gosso had departed without leaving any clue to her destination ; and Zae felt that sho should see her face again no more. She touched the bell and ordered coffee, and then summoned Bolton. The maid remem bered sfterwaids that her mistress's face had assumed a new and strange expression, and seemed to have hardened into marble. Yet she spoke more calmly than usual, and was less restless than Bolton had ever kuown her. Almost for tho first time in her life Zra had set herself the task of thinking. Surely there was something to be gained by steady thought j surely Borne plan might bo worked out; some scheme might be devised by which the thing thatshe dreaded most might be prevented from coining to pass. Any trial would be mere endurable than Darcv Bos worth's mar riage with Kathleen Netherdale. Sho fell that she would rather give up the half of her fortune than bear the sound of their wedding bella; mere, she was conscious that the only thing worth living for was their eternal sepa ration. But what was to be done ? All through her solitary dinner she waa brooding sliil; while the watchful servants waited on her in silence, and the sultry day drew slowly to its close. Then, after leaving the table, she began to wander like a ghost through the empty rooms, and came to a pause at last in the library. The evening light shone calmly in uoon rows of splendidly-bound books, which had never been touched by their owner. Sophy bad come here sometimes, and had taken down a volume of plays, or history, or essays; bat she had always carried it away to read in & brighter room. The library was sombre andcold; even Mr. Belmont had never cared to sit in it long, although he invariably went over his accounts and wrote his letters there. The escritoire which he had habitually used was standing in one of the windows, and in front of it was the leather-covered ohair which he had always occupied. If he had lived, would he have been able to help his daughter now ? As she put the ques tion to herself she answered it with a bitter little smile. Mr. Delmont was a man whose energies seemed to be half asleep; everybody influenced him, everybody managed him. Zoe, after the fortune had come to her, had evinced a determination to guard him jealously. Old friends, who might have sought to profit by the change in his circum stances, were resolutely kept at a distance. But, great as her power was, ehe had had a hard struggle beforo ho could be induced to give up Mr. Netherdale. Yet be bad given him up at last, and even the correspondence had been dropped. (Stand ing alone in tho silent room, and routing her hand on the back of the leather-covered chair, eke could recall the time when the last letters had passed between them, Mr. Delmont had taken a foolish fancy to buy some old china which had been in his friend's family for years. Zje had protesud loudly against the purchase. Were not the Oakenhurstshelves well stored with crockery ? But Mr. Delmont had declared that the curate's cups and saucers were absurdediy cheap at ten pounds; and so the bargain was made, and the china was deposited in one of the cabinets of the drawing-rocm, It was after that transaction that the correspondence had ceased. Ever jealous of the influence of Kathleen's father, Z ie had never failed to inquire whether Mr. Delmont had heard from Mr. Netherdale. Aad the last pnswer, sadly uttered, had given her a tin ill of sails faction. " No, poor fellow, he has left off writing to me now !" Mr. Delmont had said. Aud then then the name of Netherdale was mentioned no more. Sho knew that Mr, Netherdale bad had money troubles before he became vicar of Nettie ford; and Ehe had always been haunted by the fear that her fatber would help him. In her earlier girlhood Zjo bad hated the thought of parting with money; she had liked to look at it and count it over and over, as if she could never have enough of the sight of it. As womanhood advanced Sophy's refin ing influence had prevailed with the heiress to a certain extent. She had learnt that it is vulgar to be always gloating over gold and bank-notes; and then, too, sho had gradually grown accustomed to her wealth. Bat time had done nothing to enlarge her hoart; and although the claims of society compelled her to open her purse, she had cover become a cbeeifal giver. When she gave, ii was be came the world expected her to give; and sho was often angry with tho world for its com pulsion. She aat down in the chair and rested her arms upon the escritoire. Had her father ever lent any money to his old college friend 1 She almost wished now that ho had; it would have winged on arrow to shoot at the vicar. All Nettleford had known that sho disliked the clergymen and his daughter, hut eho had never been able to give a good reason for her aversion. If only she could say, "the Netherdales were always wanting to barrow of us," tho townsfolk would feel that their popular parson had suffered a loss of diguity. Even Captain Boswortb, loyal lover as ha was, might be a little disgusted at tho thought of having a borrowing father-in-law. The library windows faced the west, and Zoe, seated at the escritoire, was enfolded in the rich glow of sunset. It was the hour of rest for busy workers; tho hour when happy people cling to each other and tala over old joys and Dew hopes ; the hour for recreation and thought But the cloud before Zjo's eyes was black enough to biot out all the uap pincss in tho world. Tbero war lig'i*: enough to brighten her whole life if she'cousd bit have looked over the edge of the cloui ; tir-. the could notJorwoultfnot. And no instead jf teekiDg for some healing influence, &h.i; was brcodiDg over that uoplcasaut questim which bad been suddenly evolved froui her unhealthy state of mind. She always carried about with her a little bunch of keys, which belonged chhlly to the caskets that contained her choicest tre-nurea. Among these was the bey of the escritoire ia which a few of her mother's trinkets, as well as her father's papers, had lain undisturbed eince his death. Mrs. Belmont had never possessed any jewels of much value; and her daughter bad ornaments enough without them. But the widower had treasured them as sacret relics, and had liked to keep them where he could easily take them out and look at them. There might have fcoeD, Darhaps, a tendency in his nature to idealise tha lost; and it is possible that his wife liai never (with all her faults) disappointed him so bitterly as his child. As Zoo fitted the key into the lock her micd was too full of her own passionate grief to entertain a thought for the deed. She W83 about to open those packets of letters which had never been touched by any hind but his, and yet she did not shrink from her task. The contents of the escritoiro wero neatly arranged; Mr. Dclmont, having often found a difficulty in filliDg np all the hours o£ the day, had occupied himself in sorting and tying up his papers with marvellous care and patience. He was one of those men who pre serve letters—letters which he always in tended to burn, and yet never could make up bis mind to destroy. And Zoo's lip curled contemptuously while she untied buadla after bundle of the worthless epistles, full of the merest gossip or relating to the most trifling affairs. She paused in the middle of her researches to light two tapersjin bronze candlesticks that were standing on the upper part of the desk. The day was fading and the corners of tha room were already full of shadows. She was timid by nature, and at any other time would have hastily fled from tho gathering gloom but now her mind was so fully occupied with a purpose that there was no room iu it for superstitious fears. Bo she searched on and on until at last she came to a packet thinner and smaller than tha rest; and when the string wa3 loosened ah9 saw at the first glance that they were letters written by Mr. Nethc-rdale to her father. Half an hour later Bolton met hoc mistress coming out of the library, her eyes shining, her wan face flushed, The maid looked as fcer a little nervously, but did not venture to speak. "Somebody must carry a note to the vicarage this evening," she said, spaskiug ia a strained, unnatural voice. ''I am gains into the bcudcir to write it, and you mustsee that it i» sent t ff at once." The note was written in a few minutes and addressed to Miss Het'nerdale. Aud then a mounted groom rode through the duik o! the quiet lanes, and went clattering up the old High-street until he paused at the vicarage gate. Kathleen we a sitting in the study with her father when that letter was delivered. She put down her needlework and opened it with rather a wondering look on her sweet face. "A note from Oakenhursfc, papa," she said, glancing at its contents. "Only a few Itaes. Zoe asks me to come to her after breakfast to-morrow, and sho will send a carriage for me." " What does she want you for ?"' the vicar enquired, with an undercurrent of on-rasiacss in his tor.e. " I don't know; i is a very short not?. \\)'r, I dareetyihe wants me to find her a new c jui psnion; she thinks that we are likely oj bi acquainted with some nice old lady who will suit her. Let me see, —ia there anybriy, PBPR?" "I don't think there is," ho answered in differently. " Ob, but there must be. She mu3t feel it terrible to be clone ia that great, houjf." "Why did she part with Mrs. Gossc? Seme sudden quarre), I suppose." "No one b no «s exactly why Mrd. Goise went away," Baid Kathleen,'thoughtfully. "Zoe isn't easy to live with; bat .'Irs. Gisie had borne with her for yearr-, and their sudden parting was rather strange." "Don't be recommending anybody," ad vised the vicar. "It must be a difficult post to fili. Better let her advertise and find out some one for herself." "But, papa, I really think I've thought of a fit person. There's poor Mrs. Mrsterton, you know; I have been wanting to find her a home, She can't possibly go on living with her married daughters; tney're all so very badly off. And she would ba so thankful to get a situation!" Mr. Nstherd&lc; pushed away hi3 pspsrs aud sighed. _" I don't wish to keep her out of a situa tion, Kathie," he said. " You must do what you thick b6st. Only I always have a feoiing that your old intimacy with Zje ought never to be renewed. No good will come of it if it is; she is not to be relied upoa for a moment." "Dear papa, there will be no renewal of in timacy. She merely wants me to help her a little. Indeed, I think there won't ba inuoh time for me to get intimate with any one be fore—" She paused with a soft blush and laid her hard caressingly on the vicar's arm, Ha finished the sentence with a smile. "Before Darcy claims you. Ha tells me that Mr. Bell will be coming home in a fort night." " Yes; and he's very sanguine about'every thing. i have so many of my own affairs to think about, papa, that I'm quite afraid of beiDg absorbed in self. I muss really try to spare a few thoughts for other people, mustn't 1?" " Yes, dear; yes," His face had grown mora placid while she was speaking. "Poor Zoe," Kathleen continued, "il almost wonder that Mrs. Gosse could find it in her heart to leave her. I saw her the other day in the carriage and thought jahe looked more fragile than ever. 1'ney said she was better, papa; but it wasn't a lasting improvement," " You think she will not live long Kathie Yet she has already lasted longer than poor Delmont expected." " I thick she will never live to be old. I cannot picture her an old woman with chil dren growing up to inherit her wealth, Her's is the most incomplete life that I have ever known." " But, Kathie, why is it complete?" " 1 can't tell, papa. She has always been seeking for things that she could not find. She is hungry in the midst of plenty, poor with heaps of gold round her. Tnere is no body else who has ever inspired me with sush intense pity, and yet I have seen suffering and poverty in many forms," "It was that pity which drew you towards her years &go;,"saidMr.Netherdale,mutiagly, and the shadow settled on his face again. "Yea; I was always trying to fill that void within her, and always failing. Yet it was something to have tried," She looked up and met the deep tenderness in her father's eyes. Involuntarily she rose from her seat, and bent over him with her cheek resting on bis forehead. "Ah, my Kathie," he said, in his quiafc "voice, "the good measure is waiting to be poured into your bosom. Love never fails, m some shape, to come baok to tho giver." Meanwhile Zoe Delmont had go ao to her room, and was lyiDg, open-eyed, while Bolton sat beside her bed, reading aloud in a low monotone. But although Bolton read on with unfailing patience, her mistress tossed and turned upon the pillow, and at last curtly desired her to leave off, Then as the night advanced she told the maid to sleep on a couch in a corner of the room. "I'm restless to-night," sho said, "and I can't be lt-it alone. But I shall be better to-morrow. (To be continued.) " Can y ou help me a little ?" asked a tramp. " I am hungry and can't get any work at my trade." " What is your trade !" " I am a glass worker." " What kind of a glass woiker?" " Beer-glass worker." "Here is a penny for your frankness." " Thank you, sir," said the tramp gratefully, "I'll pus part of it in the back." A new baby recently arrived in tho family of a Louisville journalist, and papa was excessively proud over the event. Turning to the old black nurse—" Aunty," said he, stroking the littlo pate, " this boy seems to bave a journalistic head." " Ob," cried the untutored old aunty, soothingly, "neveryou n-ind 'bout dat; dat'll come all right ia time.' 