NEWS IN BRIEF. — ; ? -♦ ? ' ffj^ Qo«0iunent are inviting tenders for rty, enctiam el a telephone line from Cbidlow'B Wdlto Tork, and for additions to tie Legislative Council Befreehment zoom. t __i. i .ijni. Uu- antinai trf-npral mfietanGT -* tin nfavjyers in Perth was held in the Town HalL A report (4 the proceediegs wffl appear in The Daily Seta* ol to-morrow. \- The case o* Eoesiter tt. AnnoiB«tuaw was .f^^nAeA yesterday afternoon, when Mr. Justice Stone returned a verdict for the ^inKlf witiLMBts, and assessed the dam jurasat JBLO. ' The continuation of the report rf tie case will appear in The Daily News tMdODmr. A 'rfa of a somewhat unusual description xwas held at the back of the Crown Officers Tjmfr Wednesday morning, at whi-di a quan tity of unclaimed luggage that had been lost \- -on the railway was submitted to auction. The various lote were knocked down at ex *reroely low prices, and the few persons who were present secured very good bargains. It «? a fact that one speculator on tha Shaw Ground retailed genuine £1 bank notes at the rate of 18a each. Of course it was only a ' draw,' but those who chopped in first profited considerably by their specu ~fa«nng. It is hardly necessary to say that aJtbnately the balance of gain was largely in favour of the apparent lunatic. It was 4he old old game played over and over ^Fpofni one in which the sharps are as much . found to win, as are the flats xnost certain ?Blase. Am aecideait, which might have been -? «rfi»p*^ with seriouBConsequences, occurred atthe Clarence Well, on the Bockingham ?— ,-A fast Monday afternoon. It appears ihatttie members of the Christian Brigade, aecompanied witn aome friends, left Fre ^ry^tlo that dav for a drive, and npon TffMdiing Clarence $a& -* *&* wheels of the waggonette in which v*ej were seated came ct The mishap was r^PP^y detected m time to pull up the horse im 'oediately, when the heavay-laden vehicle '«»* epeeddy Kiieved of its burdtn. Tem?-*a*7 «- j pairs having been effected, some °* i*6 pleasure-seekers started upon their vreary walk home, but after going some little dis tance they were overtaken by a traveller, . who made room for as many as conld be «towed in bis vehicle, all of whom reached Fremantle early that evening. Beyond all doubt it would be far better if, upon the next Guildford Show day, the eaQway authorities made provision for a larger number of carriages to be put on between Fremantle and Gnildf ord than has fiaiinir. faeen done. On Wednesday last ever ro leas than two hundred people were unable te obtain Beats at Perth for GuQdford. TSbis means a loss to the public revenue, and aleo reflects some discredit spon the Traffic Manager, one of whose peculiar duties is to provide for the extra pas senger accommodation upon extraordinary occasions. Last year there was no reason sSslfi eauee of complaint, but at that time the -direction of affairs rested in the hands of yi-. Campbell, and how well he always dis ~efearged his official duties is known to every ?oaoe, by both, the peculiar and tie ever particular public Of all the different kinds of horse-racing abutting races are held most in esleem in She United States, and excite the largest amount of public interest. Lately such saees have been introduced not only into England, but also into the Eastern Colonies, .^?d so readily has the new idea taken root '?Qi Victoria that, within a few years, the trJ1f***'g races held in Melbourne will rival those held in New York. The question thoL nresemB itself, — Why should not such jmort be aecumansea in cms uoiony t ai ' Mat January races the intervals which, occur (bebween each event are so long that the ?flgj^ff on tie course become completely gjrrj fp» We would therefore suggest the rfiimtliiirij of the stewards filling up these m-CTjW fe/ institatnig trotting races for bo**?* faatii ia harness and under eaddle. 8och races' woolido more towards improving ' ±be bree-5 -* oaefol horses in this Colony titan do tfaose for which prizes are now given; for many men keep traps, while but iery few can indulge in the luxury of a ttdng-stud. Onr cortespondent at Bnsselton, writing under date of Nov. 6, says:— 'The result d our election has been made known to »u» iwnufera bv wire, and nothing now \- Remains to be done, except to hope that the successful candidate will fulfil the expecta tions of his friends and supporters., and agreeably surprise his late opponents. Of the various incidents during the election £ jmall not attempt to give a description, they are generally more or less of the same lydmy (sometimes rather more than less) ; but I must mention one which was quite ?fr-q Afting in the effect it produced. A liberal distribution of lollipops had induced A number of youngsters, ably-assisted by Mi. Layman's three most prominent snp jporters, to harness themselves to his car riage and to drag him , (tie hero of the day) , tfihrough the town. During the progress of Jias triumphant procession Mr. Layman .Vnrifcod aha of the throp friends o.lln-la-l to. in tefcnbsdedgment of the many valuable service* rendered previous to and during ?Hie election, to the honor of a seat beside tfimvM fcom which it may beinferrred that & firm bo*d of friendship has been perma nentiy established between tie two. Since writing last; I learn iv-m unquestionable authority that the Chaiflsan of the Eoads Board also fills tie office of Supervisor. The Boards' Act, I believe, contains nothing to prevent such a duty being performed by ' the Chairman, but it appears to be quite as ' objectionable as what has been so carefully sad so stringently provided against in the Mnnicipalitifis1 Act. To vest the officers of Chairmaa, Treasurer, and Supervisor m one sad the same person ought not to be permit Is done by onr Eoads Board. The inquiry into the loss of lie Greyhound, at the Hamelin, has resulted in an acquittal of the Captain bom neglect or any other bjame.' The Singapore Exchange Market Report of October 3 says : — ' Sandalwood is still in heavy stock ; 70 tons sold at $2*80 for ten logs to the picuL' We hear that the old man Cashin, a pen sioner, whom we mentioned a few days ago as having undergone an operation for cancer, which had attacked him in the mouth, died on Sunday last. The Fremantle Eoads Board offer a reward of JE2 for information that will lead to the conviction of the person who recently injured the four-mile well on the Eocking ham road. A public meeting of the citizens will be held in tie Town Hall at eight o'clock this evening, when the two candidates for the Mayoralty, Messrs. James and Bandell, will address their constituents upon various subjects of civic interest. We have been requested to draw the attention of the country residents to an advertisement which appears in another place, announcing the dates upon which Lieut. Rose will hold his entertainments at Jarrahdale, Pinjarrah. and Bunbury. The following- persoDS are booked as pas sengers from London to this Colony : — By the E.M.S. Ganges (due at Albany on the 18th instant), Misses Ford (2), Rev. P. Long, and Eev. W. Tracey ; by the steamer to follow — the Peshawur— (due at Albany Dec. 2), the Eev. J. Kay ; and by the Clyde, leaving London on the 6th Nov., Mr. Lodge. Although the alteration in the time fcr making entries of exhibits for the late Guildford Shew was duly advertised, yet a well known press-writer, who is also justly famed for the superior fruit aud excellent vegetables that he grows, was actually un aware of the change, and consequently his fine intended exhibits were of course exclud ed. It seems somewhat strange that a person who writes for the newspapers should but seldom read them ; but, after all, it is only an illustration of the old proverb, ' the shoemaker's wife is always the worst shod.' The many admirers of Professor Wood roffe's glassblowing entertainment will regret to learn that his young lady assist ant, Miss Anderson, has recently heard of the death of her sister, which occurred in Gertrude-street, Melbourne, a few days ago, owing to a cab accident. Immediately Professor Woodroffe heard the sad news he decided upon returning to Melbourne with Miss Anderson forthwith, consequently the troupe took passage per Franklin on Satur day last, much to the disappointment of many who had hoped to again witness fur ther exhibitions of their professional skill. Every farmer in this Colony is fully aware of the difficulty that is experienced in ploughing newly cleared ground, and there fore it was not surprising at the Guildford Show last week to see a large crowd of set tlers assembled all day long around one of Messrs. 3. B. Smith & Go's double furrow OLUZZip-JimiprLlg LUl/lrgUO. xuc luouuuc »£r pearedto meet with universal commenda tion, and for the information of our country readers we may mention that the local agents of these excellent machines are Messrs. Patterson and Longson of this City, through whom they can be obtained. A very clever case of detective skill occurred within the last few days. A man wps robbed at the Guildford Show last Wednesday in a most impudent manner, the thief having actually snapped the watch from off the chain without the owner being aware of it at the time, although he was per fectly sober. For some reason or other the man did not report V-is loss at the detective office until the day before yesterday, when Det. McKenna said to him, ' Why did you not complain to us before now. But never mind, I have the watch and the man who took it.' Then to the astonishment of the robbed party Det McKenna, at once showed him the watch, which he immediately identified as being his property. With reference to the grand show of the Agricultural Society of Western Australia held ob. Wednesday last (a full report of which appears in our Supplement to the present issue), we wish to record our most cordial thanks to the Society's Secretary (Mr. C. C. Fauntleroy), for the kind con sideration with which he treated the representatives of the Press upon that occasion. In stating that Mr. Fauntleroy did all that was in his power to afford the reporters every information and assistance which he was able to give them, it remains for us only to most cordially thank him on behalf of the representative of this paper. Last Monday evening a very serious dis turbance occurred at a meeting of the Christian Brigade, which was held in Mr. E. Higham'8 warehouse, contiguous to the Port Mill property, Fremantle. It ap ntani that a man amonc the audience begame somewhat noisy, and, after re i-eateci warnings, was ultimately removed by the police. The offender's obstreperous ness having considerably increased he was taken to the police station, where he was followed by a number of lawless ruffians, whose hideous brawls disturbsd the entire neighborhood. For some time the air re sounded with tie shrill whistles of the police, who fortunately succeeded in quel ling the disturbance, which at one tfme had every appearance of a riot We understand that the man who was arrested will be brought before the Fremantle Bench this morning. We have received a letter from Baron von Mueller asking the colonist* to assist him in a most praiseworthy object. The Baron is employed in compiling a work upon the geographical botanical distribution of the Australian Colonies, and he asks the assistance of residents throughout the Colonies in the shape of specimens of plants growing in their neighborhood. We would impress upon those who are willing to give a helping hand that nothing is too common or insignificant; in ens of the one plant they are wel come, as showing how wide is the distribu tion, and a single specimen from only one particular spot may lead to enquiries as to the peculiarities of that neighborhood. In return for this service, Baron von Mueller will, if asked, forward seeds suitable for the various climates and localities : so that in aiding him persons may do good for them selves. As one of the first botanists of the day, any assistance or advice received from him may be relied upon as being both in teresting and useful. The Baron has for warded to us seeds of six different varieties of valuable fodder herbs, all of which are peculiarly suited to this climate. Lieut. Manfred Eose gave an exhibition in S. George's Hall of his extraordinary powers as a mind-reader and an illusionist on tie evening of last Tuesday week, aad again on Monday last, when he fully main tained the somewhat wierd reputation he has established of being the only Grand Copt of the Inscrutable, and the solitary Regius Professor of the Unseen and Un known. It is impossible for us to give our leaders a detailed account of the Lieuten ant's performances, but the wonders he exhibited, and the feats he performed filled his audiences with amazemeat. On. Mon day evening Lieut. Eose was remarkably successful in his exhibition of his power to read a person's thoughts. Upon asking if ? ^MnM UaA a Kanlr nnfA in hie TUV-k*it. jiliT IJiStKWJli uou «* wn ???? ?♦v^.-v* *~* ?? ?? ? j^w™— ~, the Bev. Vivian Roberts at onee produced one. After having been requested to fix the number of the note in his meipory, the mind-reader then held the rev. gentleman's right hand firmly against his forehead for a few seconds, and theu, at the second attempt, repeated the number correctly. Mr. Eose subsequently explained that the reason of the first failure was owing to his having tuuvune confused between the number on the note and the single capital letters by which it was preceded, The stocks puzzle took the audience ab*ck while the 'cabinet' trick caused both wonder and amasement. On the previous Tuesday evening the Lieutenant produced the mys terious ghost in the most successful manner, ereatly to the terror of several old ladies and young children. Each entertainment was a. complete success, and the Hall was densely crowded upon both occasions, the whole of even the standing room being occupied during the second performance. ? 