"CONFUSION." This eccentric comedy, is from the pen of Mr. Joseph Derrick, an author new to the literary and dramatic world of London. It Avas first pre sented on the stage at a special matinee performance given at the Vaudeville TlAno+vft SfwetAfl T.nndnn. fin tllfl afternoon of the 17th of May, 1883, on which occasion the parts were filled by the following ladies and gentlemen : MiBses Kate Bishop, Sophie Larkin, Katie Lee, and Emma Ritta, Messrs. Phillip Day, C. Grove, J. W. Piggott, F. Desmond, and Fred Thorne. It was immediately pronounced a " brilliant success " by the bulk of the London newspapers. The London Time, of May 18th 1883, Avrites in most favorable terms of the production. It says : — "a neAV eccentric comedy, by Mr. Joseph Derrick, was produced with very, considerable success yesterday after- , noou, at the Vaudeville Theatre, under the title of "Confusion." The' subject, though slight, is treated in a thoroughly humorously manner. The ' confusion ' referred to arises from a pug dog and a baby being surrepti- ' tiously introduced into a young house hold, the oue by the mistress who sighs for and longs for a domestic pet, and the other by the housemaid Avho is secretly married to the butler. Out of this .situation, however, the author, has contrived to extract lots of fun from the multiplicity of farcical misunderstandings betAveen husband and wife, and bachelors and spinsters which keeps the house in merriment : lor some two hours. The dialogue is lively, spaakling, and free, without a ' tinge of vulgarity, and altogether the comedy is considered as an unusually smart production. The author, though at present unknown in London, is bound to make his mark as a dramatic author." The summer season at the Vaude ville, Avith Mr. Thomas Thorne as the lessee and manager, commenced on . the 16th of July, 1883, ;and the, opening play, was "Confusion," supported by the following ladies and gentlemen : — ; Misses Winnifred Emery, Laura j Villiers, Kate Phillips, i and Sophie Larkin,, Messrs. ,C.; Glenny, C. Groves, I J. R.. Crawford, Henry Akhurst, W. !Lestqcq,:J ..and. Fred .Thorne. ; The comedy , was performed j nightly for | qvertwelye months to crowded houses. | A /London .authority states ; that i (the, great,', and intricate; .drama, ! '' .Claudian,;' is likely to be produced in Ausfcralia as". Mr. James Deiwhurst. ( av h o , h as.b e e n'pl ay i n g Holy. Element in ."(Claudia,n " . ;through the - English ' provinces, intends after the run ; of ( ".'.Harnl.ett" at the Princess', (in- which he, essays the part of The Ghost, to ' take , , Messrs. : tWillis and Meri vale's ( famous, drama on a touf;!of of the Colonies. Mr. Leonard Boyne, will, ' . if possible, be engaged for the title < role. mi..-. . 3, ' 'f Young Australia,— 'Father, "ex- | ' claimed tbb'hopefursph'ah'd1 heir of a gentleman' of duly' acquaintance, ; not I long since, wliilb the latter' 'wa'3 con- j gratiilating ' the' . youth . .''upoii1! his smartness in his, scholastic, studies— ( the youngster having attained eight , years of age— "Father; I'm an Aus- ' tralian, ain't I Yes,- m'y boy, ( you are," responded the delightful > parent. — " Well, father, you aintj are ' you?"— "Not by. birth, my son." — ( "Well; 'then," exclaimed . young . Australia, in a thoughtful.' manner, a " when I/g'row up to be a! man', I will r be able" to lick two like you— won't I ?" j — The proud parent's, answer is not V recorded, v. . ; / .. . It is said: Henry VIII. never popped C ! tlie question. He 'married his wives / firsthand axed theni afterwards. ) Irish Arithmetio. — A jolly set of ) : ; Irishmenj'. boon' companions and sworn S brothers, had made up their minds to ( . ln'uira 'f.nli-v eArl strong +un?>i 1 Avaly to .Amerikyr They Avere five in \ number—tAvo Paddies, one .Murphy, ( one Dennis, .and one Teague, It so ) happened, that' tlie vessel they Avero a to go in cowld only take four of; them. ( At length honest Teague exclaimed, J " Arrah ! I have it. We'll' cast lots \ to see Avho shall remain." ' But one of ( the Paddies sivore it Avas not jointeel J todothatthing. " YouknoAvTeague," \ said he, " Tliat I ani an arathmatician, f and I. can work it out by. the rule of ) substraction, Avhich is a great deal \ better. But you must all agree to r abide by the, figures." All having .pledged thomselA'es- to do so, Pat \ proceeded — " Wqll then, take Paddy / from Paddy yoii can't, but take \ Dennis from Murphy, and Teague C remains. By my soul, Teague, my / jeAvel, and it's you that can't go." j SELF:Ap,rLAUSE.— Franklinwhen he / , . .was ambassador to France, being at a ) meeting of a literary society, and not C well understanding the French Avhen / declaimed, " deter, mined to applaud j : Avhen he'sa.av alady of his acquaintance ( express satisfaction. When they Had / ceased, a little child; who understood \ the French, said to him — " But, ( grandpapa, you alAvays applauded the / loudest Avhen they Avere praising you !" 1 Franklin laughed heartily and ex- ( plained the matter. / 