HOME, SWEET HOME. By Joaquin Miller. it Chapter IV. — Afteb Nineteen Years. The water rattled down over the great, moesy old mill wheel, and customers went and came, and Charlie Osborne measured wheat, back among the barrels and bags. The old Miller's wife eat at the door of the dusty mill mending a little girl's frock, while the little one, shorn of her outer garment, ran hither and yon among the bags and bins around the old man, as, with measure in hand, he went about taking toll, and testing the quality of his grain, and muttering to himself, as very o:d men will. 4 Wee!, you see, mother, I didn't like Jamie simply because he was a cannie Scot, though they ao say ws Scotch are powerful clannish when we get awa' from hame; but I love Jamie best because he was a whole mon, mother. It s nineteen years now, and had he lived he could come hame now,' said the old man, pausing in his work. 'He's gone to his better hame, Bonnie'; don't feei so bad, Sonnie. We'll see him there ; it won't be for long now.' And the old lady laid down her pipe and let fall her two hands and the little red dress in her lap, while the child, who had found a bushel of wheat poured out on the floor to dry, had sat square down in it, and was rolling the wheat up about its naked legs and burying them there wiih great delight. 4 It broke his heart, mother — it clean broke his heart. He died that same year, ye know. And ye know, mother, how he used to -talk about how he would sit under the trees when he and Nettie were old like ug, and, then, how, when very, -very old, he would sit by his hearthstone, and Emoke his pipe, an' — an' dandle his grandchildren. Ah, you little tow-beaded rogue, yer spilling ms wheat on the floor, ye are ! But, there, go ahead ! Spill it! Spill it if it pleases ye— spill it every bit ! Bat, now, to think of it, mother — after all, he weren't even buried there.' ' Ah, Sonnie dear, never moind ; it ain't for long till we all be together again.1 The old woman had risen up and approached the old man very tenderly. 4 I guess it's the sunset that gets in me eyes; and then I'm getting a little old, mother, I feel.' 4 Why, I hadn't noticed it, Sonnie 1' 'And ye hadn't noticed I was getfcin' a little aula ? God bless ye, God bless ye !' And the old man hobbled up to her, for she had turned and taken up her work, and kissed her tenderly on her brown and wrinkled old brow? and then took up bia measure and turned to bis wheat. He sighed as he did so, and said back over his ehouider : 'Ah, Jamie, Jamie! And such a brave, rousing gcod mon us he was. mother.' As he finished Bpeakiag, tka tall, thia Daniel Webster Smith, the orator and leader of the Republican party, the man who had gone out West to grow up with the country, entered the mill. Poor Smith looked as if he felt the full weight of the past twenty years on his thin shoulders. He was thin all round. His hair was thin, his voice was thin, and even the clothes on his back were thin. They seemed to be the same ones he had worn nearly twenty years before ; only they were so very thin. Yes he smiled the same, smirked the same, and had the Eamc lofty reeGlution to save the country that inspired him of old. Ah, Auntie Miller ! Ah, Miller, it dees me good to see you still hale and hearty, and still at your work ! So long as this boundless expanse of freedom, this refuge of the down trodden of every land ' 'See here,' interrupted Peggy, his wife; ' tbem ghosts has been down to the old house again. There was only one at first, the woman ; then there was a fcaan that they said was a man walking in his sleep. Well, now there is another — an eld, old man. Yes ; the honse is haunted, thick with 'em ; and to-night they're going to wateb, and I'll be there with 'em, too. If it ain't ghost?, I'll know what they be, that's all.' ' Weel, now, I could understand the twa ghosts ; that wos the mon that was killed and then the mon that killed him— no woman, Peggy ; no woman. But the other, the aulcT mon ! Ah, no ; but there is ghosts there; and no wender of that ! If ever the dead came back, they Bhould come there. For that hearth has been wet with tears.' The little girl crouched close with fear as she spoke. ' Weel, now, I don't quite believe in ghosts. See ! yon are sheering the kid to death ; but I'll be there, and I've come to ask you to be there, both of you. But I don't believe in if.' ' Peggy, in the auld country there's ghosts, there's boggles, an' a1 the like o' that. No, I can't say that I or mother or any Gf us ever see them. But there is ghosts and witches always. Ain't the Bible full of 'em ?' 'Look here,' said Peggy, jerking herself together ; « I don't believe in ghosts ; but I'll tell yon where the woman ghost comes from — It's Nettie 1 yes, it is. Maybe she did it ; and maybe she's waiting for the one that did the murder.' ' Wei!, there is something wrong. Shoo ! Listen ! No, don't be frightened, baby ; nothing can come where Peggy and old Auntie is. But black Sam, as cleans lawyer Hogen's boots, says are always muddy —yes, alters ;' and P-ggy draws the child close co her and looks about, half frightened. ' Weel; there is witches that ride horses. You can see their stirrups in the horses manes any mornin' ; yes, and in any men's stable.' 4 Sam says he cleans the boots, puts them by the door, and when he comes there of a morning, the boots are muddy to the knee. Yes, and there lies the master fast asleep, pale and tired.' 'Thar be ghosts, Peggy,' and old Sonnie shakes a little as he says it, standing between the two women and looking right and left. ' Yes, there be ghosts ; and there's them witohes ..as rides thing:, and then, Peggy, there are boggles, and a' that, Peggy.' ' We'll see to-night,' said Peggy, snapping her fingers high over her head and whirlirg away over to her husband. As Auntie petted the chiid, whose eyes were wild with wonder and alarm, and adjusted its red frock, an old man, leaning on a staff, entered slowly. He was too wearied to notice anyone or any thing ; he went straight ahead, and, setting heavily down on a bin, began to look at, and : i arrange bis tattered shoes, . now and then I looking up and shrinking back a lfttie from the others, as if he was all the time afraid someone would tell him to move on. Seeing, at last, that he was not noticed or disturbed, he drew a sigh of relief, and, reaching out his long, bony fingers, let tbem reBt across his tattered knees. At this jupcture Hogen approached, elegantly dressed, and carrying a gold headed cane. From his pockets peeped many legal documents, and in all respects this man looked the picture of prosperity. It is true he was a bit nervous, and had a curious habit of looking suddenly behind him as if he was all the time expecting something or someone. He started back a little when he saw General Jones wipe his giaseei and adjust them to his nose ; but it was not until his eye rested on the old stranger crouching away in the corner that he really Btarted so as to be observed. Recovering himself, be, with the air of one in authority, approached the man measuring out wheat, and said : I have come. Mr. Osborne, about pulling down the o!d — the old ' and, in spite of himself, his eyes wandered back to the old man in the corner. Then, with some resolu tion, he added : ' The old — you know — the old M'OIoud houee.' The lawyer again looked behind him, and then at the old man in the corner. The long silence was embarrassing, p-imast pain?uJ. He cleared his throat and went on : 4 1 might burn down the old barracks. That would be cheaper and better. But it would ruin the trees, and then the town is built so close about that it is hardly safe. So I will give you fifty dollars to pull down the old M'Cloud house, and you must begin to morrow. What did yoa say — I— I — ,' and the lawyer tottered up close to the stranger. 'Nothing, nothing ! I said nothing ! I said nothing to ye, mon,' answered he, as the lawyer fell back. Hogen had been talking to Osborne, but, in spite of himself, he was looking straight at the old man, who seemed to hold him as the Ancient Mariner held the wedding guest with his glittering eye ; and yet tftis old man had not spoken at all. He had been sitting doubled up, with his long bony fingers clasping each knee all the time, and it was only at the mention of the old M'Cloud house that he lifted his hands for a second and seemed to comprehend. Then, when the lawyer spoke of the trees, and the town, and burning the house down, he again seemed feebly conscious of what wa3 going on. He lifted his eyes straight and full on Hogen, and his lipe moved, and he seamed about to start up and confront him, vet he spoke not on3 word. It was fchfl conscience of Hcgen that spoke, not the eld man. I will be on hand,' Eaid Osborne to the lawyer, as he turned to him from the old man. Then he mustered to himself, ' though I don't like the job at all. Jamie's house ! — ' Very gcod ; I will expect ycu.' Ah, Mr. Hogen, ye mubt be a happy mon, a town all your own,-". deacon of the church, and money out everywhere.' I am, I am a happy man !' The cervons man jerked himself around and looked at the silent old man ; ' I — I am a happy qian, or at lest I try to be. As you kuow, Auntie, I hove founded a grammar-school, I have given freely to the church, and I, even though I am a lawyer, I do no man wrong.' The bony haGds litte'd from the knees, and the old man v, as looking straight at the gentleman before bim. Perhaps he was in a vpgue and impossible way trying to remember the voice. But the feeble and shattered mind again failed -its office, end the long, bony hands fell over the half-naked knees, and the old man only shook his head and mattered to himself as the lawyer wheeled about to look behind him and then stepped back to the door and looked out wearily. Jones and Smith had continued in the most cordial relations all this time, "and here they again clasped hands with great enthusiasm. ' We will stand by the country, Daniel Webster Smith, whatever happens.' ' Whatever perils threaten the Ship of State, in all storms a ad straits, we who came West to grow up with this glorious couutry will stand by the country as we have stood by the country, and that storied and star- spangled ' Peggy looked up from where she way play ing with the child in the wheat ; she looked as if she was coming, and as poor Smith caught her eye his long, lifted arms fell to his sides with a flop. 4 Tramp ! I reckon !' said Jones, nodding to the old man, and with real sympathy chang ing the Eubjeet. 'A tramp, I guess.' 'Bad, bad; tramps are bad for the country, Tramps are consumers, not producers.' ' Tramps, General Jones, are the bane of the land. Thty won't work. No, sir, t&ey; don't produce ' 4 Sonnie, come here ! What do you think Peggy saye ? She says Lawyer Hogen's boots are muddy, always muddy, every night even when he lies asleep. vV itqhes ! I told you witches wouid get him if he got Nettie's land.' Weel, mother, there is something wrong ; he didn't claim the land till arcer he knowed poor Jamie was dead, and then be steps in with his deeds and turns her and her bairn out of the door. Ab, weel ! it's a long time ago, and it can't be helped now.' Customers had been coming and going in the open mill, bringing in and taking out grists, and so the old man was not much noticed. But when he dropped his staff and started up from his leaning and listening position at the mention of Nettie being turned out of doors, the old inciter came for ward eagerly and said : ' Ye are ill, mon.' 'No, no, no ! I am not ill. I will go on now.' ' ' Do yea live far from here ?' said the kind old auntie, who had approached, holding the child, while the two men who had devoted their lives to their country stood loftily aside, and looking with noble scorn on the tramp. The old man locked first at the old miller, and then at his "wife, for they were scrutinising his clothes strangely. They were old, of an old pattern ; they were shrunken, and in places they bung in shreds. Inched, it looked like the same suit that ' Jamie M'Cloud had word when they had known him last, nearly twenty years before. Do yon live far awa V ' Yes, whore is yar hame ? «yer hame, guae mon?' 'Hame! i— i have no hame. 'No hame? and so old and broken, too. Oh, Sonnie, we ought to bo thankful to the Lord that we have a place to live in and Ly onr auld heads.' The old man had taken his staff and was tottering away. He seemed to be trying to shake them off and escape. He approached the door and put up his hand to shade his old eyes and to hide them from the sun. 'Ye must not go now. Ye must stays little. Bide and break bread with us ' if ye have na hame ' 4 Hame ! I had a hame. I had a pretty hame by a great river. There were trees, I planted them with these hands. I so want to see them once more.' Then he stopped ft. ill and said to himself as be shuddered, ' Na, na, I forgot, I am dead. I gave it cut that Jamie M'Cloud was dead bo she might be happy in the little hame. And now he has it.' ' Ye must stay, mon. Y6 are too weak — too weak for the road.' ' And I'm thinking ye are of out auld good land, bonnie Scotland?' added the old woman, kindly. ' I am ! I am ! and it's sweet to hear ye ; it's like the tinkling of the cow bells coming down the green l≠ ; or the watch dog bark ing as one comes weary at night. Hae ye been in the place long?' Nigh on to tweDty five years.' The old stranger looked them both in the face, and again the staff fell as a gleam of intelligence lighted his furrowed brow As the old miller picked up and handed him his staff, he said, eagerly : ' Ye, ye have built a new mill?' ' A new mill, mon ? For fifteen years these burrs have been whirling here. I had ah auld mill over yonder twenty years ago.' 'Tell me, tell me,' and the stranger clutched the miller's arm, ' Did ye know, Nettie, Nettie M'Cloud? A pretty woman, a sweetly pretty woman, mon ! 'As bonnie a lass as lived, Heaven bless her ! yes, but she's married now. That's her bairn playing in the wheat. She'll be here by-and-by. Sit down! Sit down 1 She's a heart as warm as the sunshine, and if ye hae ever known her there's none that will make ye more welcome.' ' And she is married ?' ' To Charley Osborne, there. A good lad, too. But now, sit down ; you're pale and sick-like, and trembling in the legs.' \- ' And here's the little bairn. What ! ye dinna hate the little nas ?' said old auntie, who had brought the ohild eagerly to the old man. ' Hate it I nay, I love it, and would take it aftei all and hold it in nsv old arms, and press it to my face, a? I would a sweet, sweet flower.' ' Then stay and Eee Nettie ' 'No, no, no! not for geld! not for the world would I stay !' The old miller's wife had borne the stranger kindly to a eeat in the corner, for he was now too faint to stand. Then a beautiful woman came bounding in and csught the child in her arms and tossed it merrily in the air ; she seemed the happiest thing alive, as the eld man shrank in the comer or started from his hiding place, olutched his hands or caught his breath at beholding her. 4 So young ! 8o like when we eat by the fire together. Why — I — I must be old ?' and he passed his hand over his wrinkled face, and palled and looked at his long snowy beard. .' And she's happy 1 and that's good. I wanted her to be so. It has been hard on me. Oh ! so hard. But I want her to be always so happy.' 'And, Nettie, there's an old man here. He is so wretched, and he says he knows you.' 4 An old man ? Why, Charley, and I will take him home with us. Where is he ?! ' There ! He looks queer, like, maybe he is wrong here. I dinna ken,' and the old miller capped hie forehead, and hobbled aside. Nettie! Annette! M'Cloud! Don't ye know me ? I want to speak to ye about the land. It's yonrs, Nettie, all yours, not his. Every foot of that land is yours, every foot of it ; and now I will go. But one word !' The man had Btarted np suddenly, and stood reaching his long, ragged arms towards the woman and child. Jshe was terribly frightened, and started to fiy as she clutched the child desperately to her heart. He followed, reaching his arms, and she retreating. As he spoke the last words she had almost reached the door where her husband and Hogen he d stood talking together, bat now started forward at this commotion and outcry of . the old man, and she threw herself and child in her husband's arms. 4 He is mad 1 he's mad ! I don't know him ! Save me from him, he is mad ! He calls the name of my mother !' ' Yes, yes, he is a madman !' cried Hogen, recovering from his first fright. He is a madman, seize him ! His place is in the asylum, he will burn your mill !' ' No, no, Nettie, do not deny me ? Tell 'em ye know me ! Do not— do not let them shut me up agai ! For, oh ! I kuow what prison bars are ! It was so long and dark there !'« 4 Ly hold of him, I say !' crial Hogen. But no one obeyed, and the General and his friend seemed greatly frightened. No ! no ! Nettie ! I love the flowers, and the fields, and the open air so mush. And it was so ioog, oh, so long !' ' Come ! help me to take him away !' shouted Hogen. Ne;tie, Nettie ! after all I have done. If you let them touch ms I will nurse ye ! I will cutee ye, I will oarse ye bbth !' ' I do not know himf cried1 Nettie, as she elung to her husband. ' Than firewall ! Farewellfor ever, and for your cruelty take my everlasting curse !' With a wild and uncommon etrengih the old man dashed them aside as he olutched his staff and was gone. Chapter V. — The Hiunted House. The tooth of time wrb fastened deep in the mosBy walls of the old pioneer house fashioned by the bands of Jamie M'Cloud nearly a quarter of a ceatary before. Weeds were growing in the corners of the chimney and over the dreary , /deserted hearthstone. The wind whistled through the open chinks, and the raift rattled against the hollow walls. The floor was broken and unsteady to the foot. A lady in wh!nB|fej i mial B with blanched face analftto- d and trouble, hastily eDtered tfl left, end, looking back as if B' cropped and passed ioti & room i saying as she did su : ! 4 What a storm ! and some odb\ I I cannot stay. If it 6h0aia \ B : walking in his sleep I will conoA Hi in this room.' Then the old sltaaS K | on his staff, with lifted, pitiful fa\ H i pouring down from his white head K t entered from the left and etood there! V j reverent, awed, as one who enters ths K | of his dear dead. Perhaps the rah \K j face was tears. 1 K | 4 My hame, my hearthstone, aJv | broken, falling to ruin, as I am. 3 H ! roof of it sfcelfc ra me from the storm V | the wind comes howling through the iB like & lost soul, and without the trJgV moaning and bending as in sorrow trees ! The trees that I planted with tB1 bands, and thought to rest under when K1 grey and old. And now I come back and sbe— she sat there by that firestfH6 | that I suffered so much for, shewhojW1 I took on my shoulders, denies me,B send me to a raaa-bouse. where peoplelJW | howls the wind. My Gcd, it is more1M£ I can bear— more than I can bear!' The mm fell forward and struck kiK! bony hands on the table, the game stained with blood that had stood tflHj this time — an object of euperelitio mB1 that no man dared to touch or at»H- remove. It was doubtful whether crBf old man was really quite sane all Trouble and privation were breaking sadly. He lay with his long armsK out on the table and his face liftedB where the woman had disappeared. As he lay there moaning and taH himself, the white figure stole second, saying: 4 It is someone dying from the storm. I will help hiH I dare not ! He looks so strange it be the dead come back !' And theB started as the man raised his face. |B| 'What's that? My horses? EoiB Charley ! No, no ! It was but thevB the trees beating their arms against tB as if knocking to come in from thH The world has gene by the other « left me standing where I stood cflB years ago, and no one knows me anjflH Nineteen years ! It was a chousandflB The man had risen as he said thB was terribly shaken, and, leaning on biB he turned to go ; then he turned bH looked at his hearthstone. ' Mvhe&rH; With these arms I lifted it ; I ?agB then— I was strong in the backthesB he tottered and almost fell, bat cnB the mantel. 'Nettie sat with me bB nibS and that la=t night— tbfl night when eke told me that a coming in for us ; that God had kisBl as it were, and ble-sed her with a hohjHH and then the dead man lying then IB face; and then my nineteen yestsBB to-day, when she denied m:, and cs9H mad, and would let them ehut msiB the ficwers and the fields — what's thiflfl it is that man ! - He is coming afflB — that man who wanted tosendmeflB mad-fcouse. I must hide here. 1 rH| go! I will not go !' JB Wildly he threw his arms in the iB then, like a huntad beast, he crooJB| the corner. Now he was indeed Hogen entered, looking gh&stflB; frightened about the dreadful plsce. Bf walking in his eleep. B 4 This is the cursed place. Why ooiB not take that table away ? It is biuflfl blood ! Oh, why can I not keep An said (he night-walker, as he crept stB through the door, and walked, witBB fixed on tbe table, toward the hesiflH aroaapi tbe scene cf tbe murder. H9 4 There, there ! It is Hcgcn, ttB walkin' in his sleep,' said Peggy, as old auntie and Sonnie Miller, and Oiborae, his young wife, and the ConfH General, and the Fourth of July B grouped in a motley, cations, frights&BB; eger mass about the doors. B1 'Softly! The witohes have him iraH and now he must tell the truth,' said BH miller. HE ' If it ib as I begin to suspect, he doneB . this place alive,' eaid Osborne, 8tiBe between his teeth. The General began to draw hi svsBBq the orator began to strike an ettiniatBi 6peech, but & look from Pegy shot jack-knife at once. BKt The gailty man stood rigid and stiUflBv clasped hands, looking straight at thejjjBp stone, as he said, in a voice pituQlroBH1 and agony of mind : ' That knife 1 only get that knife away from tbB throw it into the well, tbe river, tbeBx anywhere but there !— oh, suyblKHBc there ! They will find it and I'm lost 1 lost ! lest ! lost ! WiuftjB I must fiy from here ; and yet must I come back and reach my empftjB for that cursed bloody knife that wiilJBB< me sleep 1' JBB The wretched man had turned b&okBBP-; the door! avoiding the old table all t<BBf walking far around it, yet looking s&BBr; it ail the time, and had almost re&ojBB; door when he suddenly stopped, tfjBB turned back to the hearth : ' I BB- knife ! I will have it 1 I will btft»iB then I ean rest !' JIHa With the fire and frenzy of a threw himself on the hearth, and llBr giant strength the huge hartbB Bt upheaved it against the jams and &eiBBi; knife and staggered wildly baok. JflKi ' I have it ! I have it ! I have knife at last !' And he bugged it hid it in hie breast. B K 'You — you are tbe murderei not Annette— cot Aonet.c !' . M'OIoud, tottering forth end layiS Hogen. . H The night-walker started fro® BB and began to awake. ' Where am I ? and— and who 4 Jamie M'Cloud 1' . w HB ' What l' said the man to struck his brow with Iris left " BB come hack here in my sleep, aod Here to confront me. Well, it's now.' 'Yon shall never leave this , JB cried Osborne, seizing him ; Ig for the door, lookifc back at the Hiflt ? 'what do you want with me ?' Kfr life, villain 1 Yea, here— here voo have brought blight and ruin and Kke the trail of the seipent. You die,; Kv God have mercy on you.' J Kd here's the rope,' said Smith, as .tbfey Ke forward with Osborne in a sort of Kt, and left the poor murderer no oh&noe; EdJhere's the beam ! There's enough old house left to han« him,' shouted |ff jamie, you shall be revenged,' said Ke as he hastily tied the noose and Et around the oulprti's head ' Id who-who are you? and she ?? cried |ad starting back as ho caught sight of |dy 'be had seen the evening be'ore He ll amazement and wonder as he looked t his dau.hter, and then at his wife. were so much a'ike — or rather the Iter was so much lii. e his wife when he Er nineteen years before. i_U God bless you, Jamie! I am fey, and this, this is Annette, your Iter and my dear wife,' eaid Oeborue, I left tho trembling tmn staudiog with lope around his neck and eptaug fox ward loAUffht his friend's two liacde. Ke daughter fell into her father's stms. Kbe good God has given me to eee Annette Ke was> thank Him. This is the Kr flower in the gra \s. But here is the K ripe fruit. Take her, Charley, and God Is you.' Ed the man turned and tock his wife to ueart. KnAthe father, you have not seen |baby 1' what baby ? Y a, wher.; ?' Eoar grandchild ; sweet little Annette,' the mother. E-od then I shall dandle my grandchild on |knee. by iuy owr hfrth stone ' Kv? ys shall, Jamie1, audi ve vili sit Kd ye' by yer ffiarfii,' sii auntie, glee- Ani the suld demijohn, J:mie— yer a Kjoce cf it,' says the old niiller, and he Ks the old friend in the aide and chuckles. |ls3, we shall all eit there together ' You shall ! you shall, Jamie ! There can Ko Deace or safety in the country while he Klive,' said Osborne, turning to the man |h a rope about his neck held by the Haeial. As I once administered the law here — no the law, bat justice — with one law book ft two eis-shooters, I now, for the good oi country, resume my office Bar-gbim up,' Throw the rope over the beam! There 1 Iw, take hold here ! One, two, three, pall 1' led Osborne, as the end of the rope was lown over the beam by dmitb, ai d he aud I General and others had takes in the Ick and tightened the rope around the man's Ick resdy for execution. Mercy! 'ercy! I — 1 m no: prepared die. I am not fit to die. One day, one Bur. to prepare to die,' moaned the terrified Km. I Not one minute,' ei icd Osborne. He's not fit to die, Jamie; poor, poor, |or man.' Mother is right, Jamie, he is not fit to die Bw.' Hold! I hardly knew what was being Bpe. I am so full-hearted cud happy, hat is this ?' aad M'Cloud, bewildered by I cany counter emotions, bad been, almost IliviouB cf all around him, lie eaw the mm 1th she rope aronnd his ceck before him, Id iooked inquiringly from one to the Iher. I'Only 6r.y the word and up he goes,' eaid le General, pulling at the rope. Jamie M'Cloud hai stopped, steed still, u looked straight at the maa before him, ho reached out his hands in mute agony Hid awful supoliaaiion for his life. Then His gray, broken, tottering old man, whose Be ban bren made a wreck and ruin by this Hretch before him, without one word, achsci cut his long, bony arms, and tearing K" ro?e rom hi? reck, threw it on the Hound, and then pointed to the door, eay g : 'Go! Go and walk the entire night and |aJ! dsy and night, having nore-t or sweet Hrgctfulness of sleep. One hour, one day, Bculd not do ye to find God's forgiveness ; But all the troubled d iys that He will give ye. e shall have, as for me, for ah ! ye will need hem all, ye will reed them all, all. Go ! Go But into the s+orm from my house, where ye Brove me nineteen year? ago. Go 1' Tall and fn'l cf rnlendii fary was the old aau a? he uttered these .words aDd fallowed tub his hoc-, lean finger thb bowed and Bowering man. as crushed with shame he crept Borough the door rut into the storm. And new, Annette, and my children, come !' They stood to either side, and looking fo' ly down the p.tie sweet face that looked up into in from off his shoulder, he |v ,a3 ' bl ro'.lles and his wife ncooiod up r.nd food looking glad as a san- ruc | ' Oar live«, Aitnet'e, wind to a c'os; but he sunset of a day that has been well and industriously spout is the sweeteBt part of it, myderhng; for the sunset is so near the dawn of ths beautiful tomorrow — the tc- morrow rf the right of death, with its I eterity of io?e and happiness for you all.' 