Anecdotes of Quin. . Quin, who stood at the head of hiB profes sion until the appearance of Garrick, was a native of Ireland. Quin understood the art of good living, His constant allusions to the pleasures of the table, to the merits of well-hung venison, and the delicious flour of John Dories, were merely pleasant, intentional, and ostentatious affectations, just as was his remark when lie first saw Westminster Bridge: " Oh, that toy mouth were that centre arch, and that the river ran claret 1" ■ When Thompson, the author of "-The Sea sons," was confined in a sponging-house for adebt of1 £70, Quin went to see him. "I have come to sup with you," said Quin, " and, as 1 suppose it would :be inconvenient to have a supper dressed here, I took the liberty of ordering one at the tavern hard by, and I have brought a half-dozen of claret by way of prelude." Supper over, the actor said: " It is now time that we should balance ac counts.- The pleasure I have had in perusing your works-I cannot estimate at less than one hundred pounds, And I now insist on acquit ting the debt." Saying which he placed a note on the table &nd; disappeared. Travelling with his friend Eyan, in Wilt shire, Quin alighted at an inn, and was told by the landlord that, his house bein full, he could offer them no bedroom save one which was haunted. "The very thing," cried Quin. "Let us have supper in the. haunted room, and bring us a bottle of your best.-" The meal despatched, Quin drew his pistols, charged them, and called for more wine. "Now," said he, " we are prepared; let the ghost come when he list." Midnight sonnded, but no ghost appeared ; but, shortly after, a rumbling noise was heard in the chimney, and a tall figure, attired in customary white and flowing garments, de scended, made two or three gestures, but of ered, no spiritual violence. Quin took up a pistol and cried: " Angels and ministers of grace, look here. Mr. Ghost, I am speaking to you; and, if you do not this instant acknowledge yourself to be one of the human species, I'll make a ghost of you in earnest 1" The apparition fell upon its knees, and ex plained that it was the master of the adjoin* ing house, and had contrived an opening in the chimney in order to terrify the landlord, and prevail upon him to quit the house, that he, the ghost, might see his own name swing upon the sign-post. The spectre was imme diately compelled to drink a bumper, the host was summoned, and the unfortunate ap parition was compelled to leave the neighbor hood. 