THE GHOST THAT JIM SAW. Why, as to that, said the engineer, Ghosts ain't things we are apt to fear; Spirits don't fool with levers -much, And throttle-valves don't take to such. And as for Jim, What happened to him Was one half fact and fother-balf'^whim! Running one night on the line, he saw A house—-as plain as the moral law— \- Just by the moonlit bank, and thence ' Game a drunken man with- no tnore sense Than to drop on the rail Flat as a flail, \- As Jim drove by-with the midnight mail. Down went the patents—steam reversed. Too late ! for there came a '• thud." Jim cursed As the fireman, there in the cab with him, ^•Kinder stared in the face of Jim, And says, " What now ? " Says Jim, ^'Wliat now ! I've just run over a man,—that's bow !" '"The fireman stared at .Jim. They ran \--Back, but they never found house nor man, -Nary a shadow within a mile. \--Jim turned pale, but he tried to smile, Then on he tore Ten mile or more, jJn quicker time than he'd made afore. "Would you believe it! the very next night "JJp rose that house in-the moonlight white, ^Out comes the chap -and drops as before, ■ iDown goes the brake and the Test encore ; , And so, in fact. Each night that act ''Occurred, till folks swore Jinx was cracked. Bumpli 1 let me see : it's -a yearaow 'most, "That I met Jim, East, and-says, " How's your ghost ? " "Gone," says Jim and more, it's plain "That ghost don't trouble me again. I thought I shook ;; That ghost when I took \- A place on- an Eastern line,—-hut look'! What should Tmcet, the first trip out, \- But tiie very house we talked about, -And the self-savue man ! " Well,' says I, * I guess \- It's time to stop this 'ycr foolishness? ISo I crammed on steam, When there came a scream .Front n»y fireman, thatjest broke my dream: You'vekilled somebody P Says I,Not ; >«nuch'1. ~ _ *3?y?p been thai- often, and thar aui't no such, V -And-now I'D prove it "I' Back we ran, -And—darn my skin —but tlrarwas a man g ■ : On tiic rail, dead, . Smashed in the head !— % -2vott I call that meanness ! " Thai's all S'mi said. 