ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ??'?? : (By The' Ghost.) ' ' Matters political have, for the' nonoe, been banished from the public mind, i Mankind hos,. during the week, been more occupied with its : Christmas goose than with the doings and say ings of Ministers and members of Parliament. One solitary representative of the Government has stayed in Melbourne, the remainder of his Excellency's advisers having betaken themselves inland or snorewards, tar Jrom the busy hum of official life, as inclination or 'constitutional' requirements prompted. Mr. Gillies is the only i Minister in Melbourne, holiday timo being the reverse of what its namo implies, to the depart ment over which tho honourable gentleman presides. Railway officials and Pressmen have to work in order that others may tako their pleasure. For them, as forlthe wioked, there is, indeed no rest. '? ' The Minister for Lands and his colleague in the Department of Public Works have, how ever, been striving to combine business with' pleasure, and have been on an exploring tour, through some of the least known portions of the Omeo district. .As a result of tho trip, it is not .unlikely that there may be another new ideparture taken in our .much tinkered land legislation. Mr. Tucker has expressed himself ' unofficially, of oourse,' as favourable to leas ing the most mountainous partB of the colony, in a manner somewhat similar to that which lias proved so successful in regard to tho Malleo country. As most of the land is, however, now let under grazing license to pastoral tenants, the matter is surrounded with complications, which had not to bo dealt with in connection with' the No Man's Land on the eastern oonfmes of Victoria. In this instance there will be a rob bing of Peter to pay Paul, and tho squatting Peter is hardly likely to give up the. broad acres over which his flocks roam 'free,' in almost the literal acceptation of the term, with out a severe struggle. And who knows but this seemingly innocent proposition may not occasion the breaking up of the 'unholy allianoe,' of which the present Coalition Government is the outcome ! Great effeots have, in times. gone by, sprung from smaller causes. ? Four more unfortunate minors have been hurried to their fate in what, no doubt, on the lucus a non lucendo principle, . is termed a ' safety' cage. These appliances are now proved to be of little use in cases of emergency, and are in truth little better than man traps. They engender a false sense of security whioh leads to carelessness, on the part of the drivers. The man who caused the mishap through overwinding the cage has been oommitted for trial on a charge of man slaughter. But this will not prevent the re. currence of similar accidents. It is hardly creditable to our mining engineers that not one of their number has yet succeeded in devising some method of preventing a far too common occurrence. Perhaps it is because they have not borne in mind the homely adage that ' prevention is better than cure,' and have directed ^their energies towards contriving a remedy for 'overwinding,' rather than towards inventing means of rendering such contingenices impossible. Had there been somo means of calling the attention of the engine driver at the Duke mine to the fact that the cage was going up instead of down, the Timor disaster could not have happened. Surely some method of doing this by means of an automatic alarm bell ought not to be an impossible feat. The Salvation, the Blue Ribbon, and the other armies of workers who are striving to iriniy iinvanranarafa manVinr) infn fha nnfctia r»f jsobriety and virtue, and who, if they do any good, oertainly do not effect it by stealth, and )lush to find it fame, can hardly bo congratu lated on the success of their efforts, if one may judge by results. At no former period of our colonial history have their been at Christmas tide so many persons looked up for drinking — not wisely, but too well — as during the festive season just passed. Perhaps the police, among whom there are a number of 'new broom's' in the shape of young constables, have shown a little extra zeal and vigilance, and not heen, as heretofore, a little blind to the faults of the topers. But whatever Tjo tho reason certain it. is that the number of Bacchanalians ' run- in' has been during the week exceptionally large. Thelook-upkeeperat Swanston- street.who, from the remark, is evidently a bit of a humorist in his way, says the plaoo has for the last few days been ' inoonveniently crowded,' The old Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company will have to look to its laurels. The veteran association is fust being jostled out of its pride of place, by its younger rival, the Orient line. The Potosi, starting only some 24 hours later than the Parramatta, has brought us seven daya later news. 'When next Victoria enters into a contract for the conveyance of her mails, Bhe should stipulate for a 32 days servioo between London and Melbourne. It has now been proved that at a very small increase on tho present cost this boon might be scoured to tho colony. Tho Piiman scandal has, . for a few weeks at all .'events, been withdrawn from publio ken. V The accused has 'been committed for trial a ' , the Central Criminal Court,' and the case wil be tried on tho loth February next, Molbourno is just now cricket mad. The attendance at the ground to witnoss the Intel colonial contest is very large, but consists chiefly of members of tho storner Bex. 'Whereas afc other sporting meets, the ladies are' a featura', in tho gatherings, and 'all the world and his wifo' are present. At tho matoh now going on, all the world is there — minus the wife. '?'?': , ?' -.- A groatdeal of unnecessary ' gush ' in being; expended over tho members of the Pollard) Liliputian Opera Troupe. The paronts of the precocious youngsters wlm allowed theirchildrea to tako to the stage as a profession, and in oon-, sideration of a payment to thomBolyes of. a. lump sum, or a weekly amount, varying from two to five shillings, to acoompany the im pressario, are, it apponrs, aggrieved at the troupo having been taken to India. A large proportion of the ' infantiles 'are of the Jewish' persuasion, and Mr. Zox, M.L. A., iscnnBGquontly very active in the affair. Mr. Pollard is, if rumour, is to bo credited, doing remarkably well,. and;' there is consequently a not unnatural desire on , tho part of the legitimate .owners' of; the? children to share, in a larger degreb' than, they;' now do, tho managerial profits.' Tivo, and evon five shillings a week, is felt, by the authors 'oft their being, to bo too slight a token of the ap-' preciation in which the talent of tboir offspring, is held. Hence these tenrs. The next 'mail; news' of the Pollard ombroglio will perhaps,1 by' i some people, be considered ' blaok mail', news. : .. The managers of the Melbourne' theatres* i have displayed more than their accustomed,;' liberality in catering for their patrons at this holiday titne of tho year. The pantomime o£ 'Aladdin,' at tho 'Royal, is mounted with n. I truly royal - magnificence, the scenery anot costumes alone being sufficient, even;; without tha .' localisms,' to ensuro bumper houses for weeks to come. At the Princess also, Messrs; Williamson, Gurner, and Musgrove ,liave spared no expense, in the production ;of the clover comedy drama' 'Impulse,', which ' nightly delights large' 'audiences.; I At the Bijou, 'The Forty Thieves ' has been produocd, and this evergreen burlesque* appears, if the laughter and applauso by which.. . crowded audiences greet it can be -taken. iis.a! criterion.; of,, Buqcess, -tp have hit, the popular! taste. At the Opera, Horiae Planquette^Sj latest' operatio Work,':''. Rip, Van. Winkle,' has. ? been placed on the' boards 'regardless of ex-'. pense,' and as the principals are becoming moro' familiar with their several roles; and the work,1 albeit somewhat '? long, r Una .'smoothly, will no doubt continue1 for some time to attract, the: crowds that; have ( nightly attended to witness? tho-j performance. .The Lyoeum — erstwhiler the Poly teohnicT-is occupied by a juvenile, pom-, pany, who 'are. playing the ' Pirates. of' .Penzanoe,' and .receiving a fair share. of publio patronage.'''' :' :::'-' ' ? ['?'? ? ???' ??''??. ? ????/ 'V 