CPAPTER VII;. With what different feelings did Maud hur riedly retrace her steps.along the shady road to those which had animated her such a brief time before. " It was as though, she. had recived some ' physical blow tbat stunned and sickened her, and numbed her fa.oul.lies. She walked on, like, one in a; dream, scarcely conscious whither she was go ing, . It was impossible that licr white face and strange manner should net attract the at tention of her good host and hostess the moment she entered the house., " Good gracious ! My dear Mrs. Hamil ton, what is the matter ?" w.as. Mrs. Par tou'B first exclamation. " Why, you. look as white as a ghost." Do I ?" said Maud with an attempt at a ' smile. "It is close to-night, and; I have walked rather fast as it is getting dusk. I think I will go to bed. I don't feel very well." " We musn't let you go waudering by .yourself again,,' laughed Mr. Parton, " or ' we shall have Mr. Hamilton saying we did not take care of you. But you'll have some supper first ?' " No, tliank you, I could not touoh a mor sel,' said Maud ; and wishing them good night she weut up stairs. She had been in her room about an hour, when a knock came to the door and a voico said: " A gentleman has left these two papers which he particularly desired me to let you have to-night. It was Mrs. Parton's voice. Mnud opened the door. _ V.I could hear you moving about, so I hnew you were not in bed. Do you feel better?" '• Yes, p, little, thank you,'said Maud, 'taking the j>aj>erBv " There is something wrong, 1 atn sure there is," said Mrs. Parton to ner husband when she camo down stairs. " What can it be ? why, she looks like a ghost." Maud knew what the papers were before she openod them. At first sho throw them down, resolved not to lacorate her feelings further by reading the scurrilous paragraphs. But she could not forbear her curiosity. Per haps Potts bad exaggerated; at all events she might as well know exactly what was said of her. Wo shall not trouble to transcribe the nauseous trash, though it bo of the kind that delights the modern drawing-room, of which it is the favourite literature. It was written with tho pen dipped in erosive acid. Maud's cheeks burned as she saw herself gibbeted for tho ridiculo of every contemp tiplo creature who delights in such garbiige. The paragraphs were couched in tho lan guage of taauspontine melo-ilrama; but at tho end it was even insinuated that the whole thing was a theatrical effect, and that the young lady's ignorance of tho sham was all pretence. It scorned to Maud, as tho journal drop ped from her hftml, that she could never sur vive this disgraco, that she never again could look the world in the facc. It can easily be imagined how a morbidly sensitivo mind would exaggerate tho effects of such an attack; she did not consider that probably a new and more piquant scan dal had already effaced the memory nf hers, that scores of such stories wero printed every yoar in the pages of that paper and forgotten in a week save by the few person al friends'aud acquaintances of tho victim,.; It seemed to Maud as though sho had ho en branded upon the forehead, with a red hot iron, and that every one she met would ro cognise the mark, Naturally her wrath turned upon thomaiv who had placed her in such a' positron— upon her husband. It was ho who told the story, and therefore it was lie who was re sponsible for what had followed. Had she been, under the influence of reason instead of passion she inigl.it have douoted the accuracy of Mr. Potts's state-, mcnt; but in such cases wo always 1 iko to think the worst of those with whom wo are enraged, n,ud so Maud would not permit a. doub.t of her husband's treachery to. enter her thoughts.. Had she loved him ever so passionately indignation would, for a tim,o ot least,; have overwhelmed love ; but when we consider that her affection was founded upon osteem oniy, upon his admiration.for generosity aud integrity, the reader may- easily con ceive how such a revelation would sweep away every remnant of such cold afr. fection without ■■ further analysis, oji, lier. nnvl.. r~— ■ ... ! She next morning she was at tlio tela-, graph office as soon iis it was open gnd dos, patched this message to her husbands office in the city: " I have road two paragraphs in (naming t,hp journals) that apply to, us. Is the. story true ■ It was. long past u.opn \yjieu the auswc-r came,. '•'•I cannot come down, important businoss. keeps, nip in London. Conio up. at opce., ; Will explain, everything.'\x=req-\ She. hiu\ telegraphed, not to havo doubts confirm.Qd 01; dissipated ; during tbp night ' she had, ni/ide. up, her mind, to,her' course of\x=req-\ action, and. she wished to have some proof ■ that she. had, not aoted- upon mere ujasuppor\x=req-\ ted rumour. Here, was the. confirmation,. Hud it been, falsp one indigdant no, would have sufficed; there would,have been nothing to. explain.. . -, . ... ' , As soon, as.he.had; read; the telegram, she. informed Mrs. Parton that she would, have to. i;eturn. to. "tojvn at, once,. that very, evening. Nothing- wrong, I hope ?'■ "Oh no," replied; Maud quite, cheerfnlly. " But I dp not care for remaining here by myself,, and Mr.. Hamilton^ cannot ro-. turn/ ' - . "Of course, . dear,, it is but natural you should wish, to be with liim.' " I shall take only a portion of- my- luggage with me," interrupted Maud quickly, " the rest can. be sent on, to,Loudon to Np: —Mare Street, Hackney." The box Maud left behind, contained; lier\x=req-\ wedding dross, and everything that lier hus:. band had given her., Mr., and Mrs. Parton, saw. lier off-by thg train, expressing great regr.et at losing her so soon,, and with. many, messages, to, her ■" dear husband.' " There's something: very very-wrong, depend upon it," remarked. Mrs. Parton, to her husbajjd as. they wended their way homeward again. " Dear, dear,. I hope that poor, young creaturd hasn't been in any : way deceived: I do really feel quite troubled about her.' Hamilton went down to Enston Square to meet the train by which he expected his wife to arrive,. bu.t she. was not among the passengers. A remarkable cbango had come over him since we lost saw him. He left Cumberland looking a picture of health; his skin was now yellow, his eyes sunken, and there were hollows, and wrinkles in his cheeks. Mr. Hamilton was a ruined man. The first nows he received upon returning to London was that the managing clerk had absconed, and upon examining the books he discovered that his defalcations, not only amounted to a very large sum, but lie had so falsified and manipulated the acoounts that the whole business was in confusion. It was the old story of which never a year passes over the commercial world without a repetition, and which up number of.warnings and examples seem so act as safeguards. This scoundrel had ocoupied his position from the, time some fifteen years back, that Andrew Hamilton had succeeded to his business upon his father's death. During the first ten years his conduct had been irreproachable ; after that he had mixed himself up with tlio Stock Exchange and gambled with his employer's money. Such was the confidence Hamilton reposed-in him that he would as soon have thought of casting a doubt upon his father's memory as upon this man's integrity ; he trusted him implicitly, and so the re\x=req-\ Bult. Misfortunes are said never to come alone and the saying was certainly realised, in. the present caso. Hamilton liftd not boon in town thrco days before he received intelli gence of the failure of a great American house which was largely indebted to him. Yet 110110 of ilicso blows, although they might have severely shaken tho houso of Hamilton and Son—as it was still called— would have wrecked it; but worse remained behind. On tho day boforo his' flight, which was the one preceding that of his employer's re turn, his-clork had forged tho signature of tho firm to a choquo for two thousand pounds and drawn upon tho bank for that sum. On tho very morning that Maud had sent the telegram the house of Andrew Hamilton and Son—which had been regarded one of the safest and most respectable firms iii the city of London, from those days when itwas eouduoted by tho grandfather of the present head, who had come up from Scotland at the lattorend of the last century, a lino lad die with a few bawbees in his pouch, and ; rose by grubbing, and scraping, and "booing" to bo a merchant of the greateat oanimor cial ccutre in the world—stopped payment. There was little doubt thut evory creditor would receivo twenty shillings in the pound for Hamilton was prepared to give up every* thing, oven to the uttermost fathing, ",Well,"ho mused, as ho walked up and down tho platform waiting for the train, " Maud will have lier wish after all. Jt seems almost like a judgment upon /an for my falsehood towards her. It is a strange coinoic'.ouco—a vory strango coincidence." Ho was very disappointed at lior non-arri i val, lie so longed foY her coming. She ! oqqld not but forgive him now; whilo. he I had her there was still some brightness in j store for him. 'Poverty might draw them j closer. together- and ho might, know a hap I piuess ho had nover dreamed of boforo. r When lie got home he to,ok out tho tele ! gram and- read it again. | It had come in the midst of- painful bjisi-. [ npss,, and h,e had scarcely road it, certainly I bad not comprehended its meaning, and I had sent off tho reply without thinking^, I What did she uioan. about the story and i tho journals ; lie had seen; notliiug., Ho [ sent out p. servant to procure thorn, i As soon as thoy were brought him he searched them through and through, with out finding anything applicable, to her ques tion. Thore had been' anothor issue since- those paragraghs had appeared; they were, con tained iu the previous week's numbers,, ■■'l'lie next morning ho made certain of receiving a letter, but none came to„ the house.: \ 'f All, she doesn't know I an staying hero." h.e thought. " I told lier-tke- pluee was in the hands of tiie decorators, and sho j has writtonto tho office,," lie was right. A letter in hor well-known hand was lying upon his desk among a heap, of-otlicrs, lie pushed them, all aside for. that; and ere ho break the sen!ho raised it to his lips and, kissed it. Affliction will sometimes render-tho hardost of us sontimontaL He had not read two, lines, boforo his faco assumed a, strango expression. This is what the nolo contained , AJtqr what has passed, after,.the.paUr.y deception you. havo practiced upon.n. silly girl—for no ouo is more convinced, ofmy utter silliness than I am myself— and odium, and- ridicule which have been, cast upon me in consequence,, it is, impossible that we can ever live together,-as, husband and, wife. I pray, to, God that I may. not hate y.ou, as X should do woro there such relations between us. It is useless to make any, inquires, after m.e, as I shall take every precaution to conceal my whereabouts." /IJlie next morning. Hamilton, was; unablo to.r.iso.fr.om.-his bod, and-his manner: and t,alk were so, strange that- the servant- at opco sent for tin? npar,es't dpcl.or. ; Before.night tho patient was raging in.thq delirium,of; brain fevqr,. 