ANCIENT AND MODERN MIRACLES. TO THE EDITOR Sir— My letter has called forth two replies; I am sorry I have not been abie to reply to them, before. My answer to ' A.S.' is that 1 prefer the authority of Josephus and Philo, contemporaneous Jewish historians, to that of any modern authority. I can finding nothing in their writing incompatible with the theory that Jesus belonged to the Society of the Essenes, although when His mission began to ripen He may have found them too straitened for His grand and noble soul. They describe the Essenes thus:— 'They cherish mutual love beyond other men ; they reject all pleasures as sinful, and look on temperance and a conquest over their passions as the greatest virtue. There, prevails among them a contempt for matrimony. They despise riches, and are so liberal as to excite our admiration; nor can any be- found among them who is more wealthy than the rest. Everyone gives what ho bath, to him that wanteth. As for their piety towards God, it is very extraordinary. Before satirise they speak not a word till they have offered up their prayers and purified themselves with water, their food is of the plainest, kind, and both before and after meals they return thanks to God as the bestower of. all good. Two rules they observe — to assist those who want it and to show mercy. They are eminent for fidelity, and are the ministers of peace ; they avoid all swearing, which they look on as worse than perjury, and consider their word the same as an oath ; they study what is good for body and soul, and those herbs that may cure distempers. If any one wishes to join their sect be must undergo a year's probation, and when he has proved himself is made a partaker of the waters of purification (baptism). He is repaired to take a solemn pledge to exercise piety before God, justice towards men, harm no one, avoid the wicked, assist the righteous, and be faithful to all men, be a loser of truth and hater of lies, keep his hands clear of theft and his soul of unlawful gains, and ascribe all things to God. They are long-lived from the sim- plicity of their diet and by means of the regular course of life they observe. They contemn the miseries of life and despise all pain and suffering ; and as for death, it for the glory of God they prefer it to living. They believe that their bodies are cor ruptible but their souls immortal, and that the good are rewarded and the wicked punished after death. There are also among them who foretell things to come, and it is but seldom they fail in their predic- tions." Philo in his work on " Contemplative Life' thus speaks of the Essenians as an old established sect :—' There are above 4,000 people called Essenians, which means holy, who have attained the highest holiness in the worship of God, and that not by sacrificing animals, but by purity of heart. Moral philosophy they eagerly cultivate. The laws they study at all times, especially on the Sabbath, and regarding it as holy they ab stain from all work, and assembling in the synagogues read and expound the Scriptures. Their subjects of instruction are piety, holiness, and righteouness, and tie knowledge of good and evil.. The rules which, guide them, are the love of God, the love of virtue, and the love of man Their love to God they prove by leading a life of continual piety, regarding Him as the author of all good, and cause of no evil. This they evince by their freedom from avarice, ambition, and sensual pleasures by their temperance, patience, frugality, humility, and contentment, and exercise of every virtue. From their peculiar principles and sentiments they have many persecutors. Yet have they never been able to substantiate any accusation against this band of holy men.' Philo was an elderly man, and of established reputation for learning at the time when he was sent at the head of the embassy from the Alexandrian Jews to Cali- gula,, A.D.. 39, and his book was most likely written before then. Josephus says distinctly that the sect existed two centuries before Christ. Pliny speaks of the Essenians as of a sect which renewed its numbers without mar riage by the reception of converts. Josephus not only mentions the superior skill of this, sect in the interpretation of the prophets, but allows them pre-eminence in the guft of pro- phecy itself, and adds, ' We have thought proper to relate these facts, how strange soever they be, because many of these Essenians have by their excellent virtues been thought worthy of this knowledge of divine revelations.' This quite agrees with the stress laid upon the fulfilment of prophesy and pretensions to prophecy in the New Testament ; and yet, strange to say, this sect is not once mentioned in the gospels, nor is their name introduced in the New Testament. Eusebius, Bishop of Cæsares, in his 'Eccle- siastical History,' written in the third cen tury, thus speaks of the Essenians— ''These things are reported by a man (Philo). who listened to the Holy Scriptures as they (Essenians)expounded them, and in, short it is very lately that those Scriptures of the ancients, of which he speaks, were the gospels and writings of the apostles and that certain digests of the ancient prophets interpreted such as is contained in the Epistles to the Hebrews and many others ; these were the epistles. But that Philo speaking of the Essenians) wrote these things with reference to those who were the first preachers of the discipline, which is, according to the Gospels and to the manners first handed down from the apostles, must be manifest to every man.' Whether the statement I made that Jesus belonged to the society of the Essenes rests upon as substantial a basis of the fact as the theory of ' A, S.,' that he did not, I leave to your readers, 'John K. McIntyre' accuses me of sarcastically sneering at the Divine claims of Jesus of Nazareth. This, indeed, is 'a confident and sweeping assertion,' for which I do not think I have given any cause. It is no doubt very dear to Mr. McIntyre that Jesus did make Divine claims, but it is not at all clear to me, taking the gospels as faithful records of his own sayings. I presume I have as much right to hold the belief that Jesus was merely human as he has to believe he combined the human and divine. When Jesus said, 'I and my Father are one,' I prefer to believe he was not speaking literally (as in fact they seldom did in those days), but meant one in spirit, one in sympathy for all that was good and noble and true. What Paul wrote or believed of Jesus I am not in- clined to accept; as he never saw Jesus I am at a loss to know what value can be placed upon his evidence, intel- lectually great and learned as he was. Mr. McIntyre surely must be aware of the existence of a large section of Christians, called Unitarians, who while they revere Jesus as a ' great teacher' repudiate his divinity. I have yet to learn that they regard him in the light of an impostor. For learning and intellectuality they do not take a secon dary position, as such names as Channing, Theodore Parker, Stopford Brooke, and many others which might be given abun dantly testify. Renan says :— ' The lapse of time has changed that which constituted the power of the great founder of Christianity into something offensive to our ideas, and if ever the worship of Jesus loses its hold upon mankind it will be precisely on account of those acts which once generally inspired belief in him.' Hume on miracles is simply to my mind unanswerable, but there are thousands who can study Hume and still re tain their belief in these occurrences. We have become much more critical than people were 1800 years ago, but it appears miracles even then could not be performed in the presence of this spirit. ' He could do no mighty works then because of this un- belief.' Faith or credulity appeared as necessary then as now for the proper performance of miracles. Mr. McIntyre says it looks as if I am ' a bit of a spiritualist.' I think the concluding part of my last letter is a sufficient answer to that assumption. Spiritualism implies a belief in the super- natural. I ventured the opinion that supernaturalism was being slowly but surely driven out of the world. The charge of 'daring blasphemy ' is discourteous, and I would recommend Mr. McIntyre to record his difference of opinion in less objectionable language, and try to remember that honestly expressed views, even should they be in oppo sition to his own, are entitled to respect. I hope I am not offensive when I say Mr. McIntyre is to me an example of the strange inconsistency of those who proclaim their belief in the miracles of 1800 years ago, and with the same breath ascribe to natural causes the same occurrences today. Mr. McIntyre is no friend to demonstrative re ligion or revivals. Thousands of Christians believe that without these manifestations re ligion sinks into mere formalism, and what he says is due to animal magnetism they ascribe to the Holy Ghost. I am bound to say I consider the latter to be the most Scriptural, and I am reluctantly forced to the conviction that Mr. Mclntyre is, after all 'a bit of a rationalist.' Before closing I would acknowledge my indebtedness for the quota tions from 'ancient authorities,' to a little book called ' A Voice from the Ganges,' which I think it might be worth Mr. McIntyre's while to read, as it is well to study both sides of any subject before coming to a decision. — I am, &c;, COSMOPOLITAN. College Town, May 29, 1884. 