#a$rag §Na&itt0;* THE GOSPEL OF THE DEADENED BRAIN. The Rev.W.K. Fletcher, M A,, delivered at Stow Church, -en Sunday evening, a lecture on 'The Gospel of the Deadened Brain.' He said— Among the many imperfect or false gospels that have gone forth into the world, this is the most curious and the most venerable. It boasts of a very hoar antiquity, and of a widespread renown. Its recoicis may be collected from among the sacred books of both Buddism and Brah minism, the poems of classic literature, the legends of our northern forefathers, the re cords of travel in lands peopled by savage tribes, and modern newspapers. That it has about it something very fascinating is proved by its ubiquitous popularity, and that it is aUo very repulsive is shown by -the way in which it has been treated. This gospel is not known in the world by the name that I have given it this evening. Its advocates prefer to call it 'the harmonial philosophy.' The ordinary man speaks of it as the teachings of spiritism. The epithet the 'gospel of the deadened brain' was given to it by a friend of mine in Mel bourne at the time when public attention was being called to it by the assumed marvels on which it was founded. The gospel is, as I have said, very ancient. The priests of Isis, in Egypt, used to employ artificial trance as a means of discovery and making known the secrets of the deity. The oracles of Greece were delivered by the priestesses in a state of induced ecstacy. Plato tells as of a peculiar tutelary deity, allotted to every man. Mohammed in his trances and epileptic dreams was deemed to be of fairies, and witchcraft, and necromancy, inspired. All ages are fall of stories of genii, and magic. Literature has seized hold of the romantic elements connected with this weird subject, and has adorned its poems with pleasant stories and terrible supernatural in cidents. The history of legislation will tell us how in Protestant England, and even in the Puritan States of America, laws have been passed to regulate and to punish those who were deemed to be adepts at the unholy arts of witchcraft, and popular legends in Scotland and Ireland are rife with quaint and curious illustrations of the night side of nature. In the days of our fathers this entire subject had almost passed out of notice. Witches were gone clean out of sight. Ghosts of all sorts were sent back into the dusthole of absurdities. No one believed in the exis tence of magic or necromancy. The ' black art' was viewed as the experimental stage of true science, and was treated to the new and respectable name of 'physical research.' Philosophers and divines were both agreed in despising and neglecting the weird tradi tions of the past as nothing more than the effects of an excited imagination, or designing and greedy trickery. Christian teachers, atheists, and deists all shook hands in their common disdain for the silly freaks of fancy which passed current as truths in the days of mediœval darkness. To the surprise of everybody this hoary super stition came back again to life in the newest and least romantic country in the world, the United States of America. About 40 years ago an epidemic of eccentric faith broke out in that country. It was gravely asserted that the spirits of the departed were not only believed to exist somewhere, but were actually to be seen and heard, and were present in our midst, ready to be asked questions and to answer them, and prepared by all sorts of curious phenomena to vouch for their presence and for their identity. These answers were sometimes made known by movements of tables and chairs, sometimes by writing, sometimes by the audible voice, and yet more frequently by making use of the sleeping and deadened brain of certain peculiarly consti tuted persons, whose sayings when in a state of trance were taken for the inspiration of unseen spiritual agencies. It was stated that the power of being the vehicle of these spirits was a precious gift, and that it ought to be cultivated. Directions were published as to the best methods of inducing this habit of catalepsy, which it was stated would grow and develop by exercise until the nervous organisation of the medium being rendered perfectly passive, the disembodied intelligent cies could make use of it for the proclamation of their gospel The interest in this matter spread. Circles were formed by the thousand in Great Britain and France, as well as in America. Its advocates appeared in Mel bourne, and created no small stir in the public mind for a time. The gospel of the deadened brain was the nine days' wonder of a few years ago. The echoes of this curious controversy have reached this colony, and this same gospel has its adherents and its prophets here, though for some reason or other it never touched public curiosity in this province as it did in either of the neighboring colonies. This outbreak was a grand oppor- tunity for tricksters and conjurors of all sorts. They appeared in hundreds, and by their pretensions brought such ridicule upon the movement that its influence has waned, and its adherents and believers have grown less and less obtrusive. The agitation is not dead, however, and does not seem likely to die. If it were dead I would not refer to it among the imperfect gospels of our time; but, as it is alive, I deem it right that we should look at it. I have done this, not in a spirit of antagonistic bigotry, but as an honest truthseeker, and in that spirit we should always meet with any new facts which appear in this tangled and mysterious world of ours. A fact is a fact, and ought to be considered, whether that fact be a man speaking along a telephonic wire, a picture taken by invisible rays of light, or a solid body moving without contact. That is neither true science nor true theology that will ignore a fact because it is outside the range of ordinary experience. Our first duty is to test the evidence, and, having done that, to weigh the facts. When we speak of anything as a gospel, two questions arise which must be answered at the outset. First, as the word 'gospel' means glad tidings, what are the tidings which are offered to us ? Secondly. By what credentials are these tidings offered? I will try to give a brief answer to both these ques tions, and I think you will agree with me that this gospel is a very imperfect gospel indeed, and that its credentials, being the utterances of the deadened brain, are by no means satisfactory. At the same time, how ever, this gospel is not without power to shed some side-lights upon the gospel of the grace of God in Jesus the Christ. Firstly, what is the Gospel? It begins by joining common cause with us in saying that all the popular materialism of the day is shallow and untrue. Man, it says, is not a mere animal who is doomed to extinction when he dies. He is composed of a body and a soul and a spirit, and at death the spirit, which is the true man, passes out of the carnal dwelling-place which he has inhabited into another and a separate state. It asserts this on a basis of facts. It says we have heard and seen and had communication with these dead men and woman, and they are no more dead than we are. It then goes on to tell us that the old gospel is untrue. Man is an imperfect being, but sin is too strong a word to be applied to his failings. Jesus Christ was nothing more than a very wise and kind hearted teacher of truths, which He learned just in the same way as modern spiritists do. He died on the cross, bnt there was no resurrection from the tomb of His body. The atonement is a mere fiction of theologians. There is no place of punishment. Men when they are dead are pretty much what they were on earth, the only difference being that they have begun to see that what is low and fleshly and sensual is unwise and unworthy of their new life. In that life they progress from sphere to sphere as they are able. God is the great first cause and they have nothing to do with Him either here or yonder. He is infinitely above them. They do not deem Him an object of worship. Those by whom prayers are heard an- answered are simply more highly developed spirits. In this spirit world some are kindly disposed toward their brethren on earth, some are full of merriment, and some are given to mischief; but the idea of sin as a transgression of an all holy and eternal law of right seems foreign to this novel theology. I do not find anything like agreement in the many assumed revelations from the spirit land. It would be easy to contradict some of these statements, but I give you what is the average doctrine of these preachers of the new 'Gospel of the deadened brain.' That there is something attractive about this gospel is proved by its popularity. It keeps people out of the degrading darkness of materialism, which no one can really believe to be a full expression of the mystery of human life. It tries in a fashion to conquer the fear of death. It enkindles hope beyond the grave. It tells us that our dead friends are not dead, but are simply gone before into the summerland. Bat it is radically defective nevertheless. It ignores that great fact which lies deep in every human conscience that man is a sinner, a sinner against God, and that his first need is pardon. It misreads and perverts, and will not under- stand the simple records of the life of Jesus. It challenges all the theologies of all the churches. It deems society an exaggerated delusion, and its creeds a mockery. If this be so, we ask our second question— 'What are its credentials?' To this question we get a very vague answer. We are told of talking- tables, of eloquent speeches delivered by mediums in a state of somnambulism, of all sorts of eccentric and absurd phenomena, of messages written by invisible hands, of inspired music, and poetry, and I don't know what besides. These messages, whether rapped out, or written out, or spoken, are very crude, wild, absurd, or contradictory. They are of no value as literature, or as science, or as philosophy. They are replete with falsehoods and folly. They are often far from pure either in diction or in meaning. They afford a pitiable display of elaborate nonsense and high-sounding commonplace. And this being the case I think there is not much need for me to say that I refuse utterly to believe this gospel. I doubt its credentials, I reject its message as a compound of ingenuity, super- stition, and folly, whether human or super- human. I should be very weak indeed if I were to surrender my faith in that grand old gospel which is based on the eternal pity of God for human sin, and on God's love for sinners, and his intention to save them, because a few extraordinary and excitable people have raved out a different theology in the peculiar state of sleepy activity in- duced by the deadening of the brain. I call this 'harmonial philosophy' a gospel, inasmuch as it gives expression to mankind's distrust of mere materialism. I deem it an imperfect gospel because its credentials are not worthy of confidence, and because it ignores those deepest truths of human nature which the gospel of Jesus rests upon. You may, perhaps, be surprised that I have not spoken against this gospel as a mere fabrication, and its credentials as the out come of fraud and wicked deception. I have taken my position to-night deliberately. With the Bible in my hands it is impossible for me to take any other position. I do not deny the whole catalogue of facts on which these spiritists rest I do not put them all down to deception and trickery and imagination. I find that such phenomena have occurred in all ages of the world. The Bible is full of analogous facts. Again and again we are told of angels appearing and conversing with men. Moses had to contend with the magi cians and wise men of Egypt. Afterwards he enacted laws which forbade any man to have dealings with familiar spirits, and which discountenanced wizards that peep and mutter. Later on we read the story of Saul and the witch of Endor, Balaam, the wizard of the east, uttered his prophecy in a vision, falling into a trance having his eyes open. Isaiah, and Ezekiel, and Daniel, and Peter, and Paul, and John all detail similar experiences. Daniel saw a mystic hand writing upon the wall of the palace of Belshazzar. Philip and Ezekiel both tell us how the hand of the Lord was upon them,- and they were carried from where they were to whither an unknown guide would lead them. We read, too, how Elisha caused iron to swim, how the iron fetters fell from Peter's hands, and how the prison doors were opened for him to come forth. Paul tells us of the outbreak of spiritual gifts in the church at Corinth, and how one could speak with tongues and another could prophecy, and another interpret the tongues. We read of Iddo, the seer of Gad, the king's seer; Jeduthun, the king's seer, and many more. We read of the time of Samuel, ' He that is now called a prophet was beforetime called a seer.' We read in St. Paul how we must be clothed with the armor of Gad, because we 'wrestle not with flesh and blood, but with principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.' In the revelation of St. John we see a whole realm of spirits good and bad all busy in the affairs of this world, and when all was over and John fell down to worship the angel that showed him all these things, he was rebuked, ' See thou do it not, for I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren the prophets.' When our Lord was upon earth, much as he distrusted the Pharisees, he was still more openly opposed to the Sadducees, who took up a materialistic position, and asserted that there were no angels or spirits and no resur rection from the dead. The Christians must beware of holding Sadducean opinions. They, at all events, are utterly at variance with the whole tenor of revelation. Modern Sad duceism is quite as much opposed to the facts of life and the tenets of the Bible as the Sadduceism which tried to argue away or to ignore the miracles of Jesus. The Bible is persistent in its eloquent assertion that behind the then evil of life is another state of being in which are to be found angels of God doing His work among men, singing the praises of the Eternal One on the morning of creation announcing His will to His servants on earth, carrying out His instructions in the manage ment of mundane affairs, and as ministering spirits, going forth 'to minister those who shall be heirs of salvation.' Not only does poetry make these angels' presences to seem real, but the sober words of Scripture demand our faith. With them is joy when one sinner repenteth. To them- is entrusted the task of welcoming the new comers who join- the ranks from off the earth, as they did the beggar Lazarus whom they 'carried into Abraham's bosom.' To them will be given the duty of separating the wheat from the tares in the final awards of futurity, and all heaven is depicted as radiant with their pre sence and vocal with their praises. With the Bible in my hands I feel quite unable to attack this imperfect gospel Irom the standpoint of modern Sadduceism, and to say that all its facts are a tissue of lies, a mass of deception, and are utterly impossible. There is too close an analogy between the facts of Scripture and other facts in history for one to do that. If materialism is true, it asserts itself against the Bible just as much as against modern necromancy. Thus far we may class them together, thus far they stand or fall together. Some earnest Christians have taken a very different position. They tell us that the facts of the Bible are unique, that we must believe what is written there just because it is there, and not seek for any thing elsewhere analogous thereto, that the age of miracles is past, that the prophetic inspiration has died out, that dreams are never of any meaning now, and that, as to all that is not in the Bible, we must treat it very differently. This argument is not sound in logic, nor is it likely to commend itself to those who are outside seeking for truth. I yield to no man in my reverence for the word of God, but we weaken its force and injure its influence when we speak of it in a way which is not accordant with itself as a historical record, I am disposed to treat this subject somewhat differently. I take the mass of facts which are prescribed to us by the history aad traditions of ancient times and the records of modern marvels, and after making an im mense discount on account of trickery and self-deception and ignorance, I find a re siduum which cannot be explained by any of the ordinary laws of science. This re siduum demands that we should hold some such theory of tbe other world as is taught in the Scriptures. I can get no light from these facts, and can learn nothing from them except that they afford a scientific and induc tive proof of the feebleness of modern materialism, and of the existence of life beyond the reach of mere flesh and blood. I am thankful to them for this. It clears the way to the more clear comprehension of the supernatural incidents of the Scriptures. It makes them credible for another reason than that they are in the Bible. It establishes the universality of the reign of law, and shows us how miracles are not violations of law, but the expression cf unknown laws. It does all this service to the gospel, and for this I am thankful, and because it does this I said that even this imperfect gospel may shed some sidelight upon the truth as it is in Jesus. Let me conclude by two or three practical remarks :— First— The Bible writers give us frequent cautions against indulging in vain curiosity touching the marvels of our nature on its spiritual side. We are told to trust and to wait. If God likes to come to us from the other side of the veil, well and good ; but if we go trying to tear down this veil, as Uzzah did the veil of the ark, direful results may ensue. This caution is borne out by the corruption of morality, which has often followed this unhallowed intrusion, and by even more doleful results. The gospel of the deadened brain has done something to fill the asylums with deluded victims. The caution of our text is as true to- day as when Moses wrote it. Second— This imperfect gospel offers us nothing worth having that is not to be found in the Gospel of Jesus. Its contrasted inferiority is to be found in its shallow estimate of human nature and the divine law of right. Man knows he is a sinner. The fact may be un welcome but it is true. No one can deem him to be a preacher of a genuine gospel who passes by this fact. Freethought lecturers may ignore it and may tell us to be merry while we may, and to make the best out of this world, for to-morrow we die. Spiritists may turn upon them and say no, we don't die to-morrow, but you are right in saying that we need not be anxious about sin. But there is in human nature a divine voice which bids it to be loyal to the law of holiness. That law man has broken. He is a sinner. He needs pardon before he can rise into spiritual holiness or bliss. And herein the Gospel of Jesus meets us in our direct need. It treats with us on the lower platform of necessities. It exhibits God as the sinners' friend. It reveals him as a great heart of mercy. It unveils him as a helpful, tender eooled Saviour. It shows, to the universe that the glory of character is in being unselfish. It opens the gates for one and all to enter upon a new life. It gives to every man who wishes it the opportunity of living for ever more in a sinless progressive blessed state. This is a gospel indeed, no ' imperfect gospel,' but ' the glad tidings of the grace of God.' ' I am not ashamed ' said Paul, and we may echo his words, ' I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believes it.' 