FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Pairs, June 28. The cholera has cut out the conference. Toulon is more interesting than the Cham- ber of Deputies or the House of Commons. Not an old woman or a child that now complains of a pain in the stomach, but is set down as having cholera. The guard who watches at the barrier of the Louvre, cannot defend the King against that enemy, now as heretofore. There are people who have cholera on the brain, and dreams the green ghost is pulling them by the feet, as in the spectre scene of the l)ame Blaadcl. Though the journals now swarm with advertisements of infallible panaceas, elixirs, and belts against cholera the best preventire is, prudent indiffer ence, and the avoidance of all excess and of fatigue. Formerly the Parisians chased away the cholera by a carnaval procession, where the enemy was symbolised as a humbug in a cotton night cap. Ridicule always kills. At Toulon, the doctors as usual differ, as to whether the plague be Asiatic, (imported), or Sporadic (local), in its origin. The attempt to trace the epidemic as at first attempted, to the English occupation of Egypt was natural, but failed. Tihe return of Tonkin troop ships with sick soldiers, and the absence of all sanitary arrangements at Toulon, are sufficient to explain the matter. The provincial cities of France, and with three exceptions, all the favorite sea-side resorts are fire-sides of pestilence. One mon archal paper attributes the cholera to the existing form of government; another sees in the plague the finger of providence, on account of the legislators voting the divorce bill, atnd the army reform, which compels theological students to become recruits. The French doctors need not now go to Egypt to study the microbes and the comma hacelli, from the political point of view. European governments in barring out ships from Toulon, 3Marseilles, etc., are not a little hoisting France with her o,wn petards of 18S3. Respecting the conference, we begin to see as through a glass darkly. Neither 3L Ferry nor Mfr Gladstone have emptied their wallets. Something is kept back, were such excellent rest assured both statesnmen, would be only too glad to make it known. A good deal of the out. cry here against the " concessilns of Entgland," is mere clap trap, organised by the Egyptian bIand-holders, who pull the strings. The crying like, mud throwing proceeds on the principle, that some of it may stick. France concedes to England, the eon. ,ofniom,, tt, which the great powers rati fied to be as dead as the Cid, long ago. She promises not to invade Egypt, when England retires: political promises and pie crusts are as fragile as dicers and lovers' oaths, and a bird in the hand is worth two it, the bush. France expelled herself from Egypt, and ought to bear the consequences of her backing out of her engagement. She staked on Arabi and lost. Her assurance not to re-enter, ought then to be 'taken, rcam graow sdia. People who withdraw from one engage ment, do not create confidence as to ob serving others. As to France representing, Europe at the conference, that is only intended for the gallery, the grotundlings. She repre sents her creditors as does England and Austria theirs. But 3L Ferry has reite rated, he has given no consent to any re duction of interest on the unified debt. What then has he "conceded "' It is no secret, that France will present at the conference, a counter-budget to Mr Glad stone, with a cut and dry solution of the financial question, without diminishing the interest. France also proposes that none of the great powers do loan the requisite millions, and she has the scheme for a pri rate loan, bhacked up by solvent bankers, on condition that France, not England, will have the presidency and the casting vote of the new Dual Control, under the name of Multiple Board. Mr Gladstone can be thus completely and fairly eclipsed. All mine-springing is allowed. France reaps one important advantage in her exchange for her " nothings ;" she has England pinned down to the principle of scuttling out of Egypt at a date fixed; if not, she will keep affairs in the valley of the Nile in perpetual hot water, till Eng. land, thinking more of her own rights and of French susceptibilities, retaliates in China, Morocco, Madagascar, or Austra lia. Civilized nations cannot long live in such a state. The internationalization of Egypt, and of the canal, causes 3L de Lesseps to be ready to sacrifice to the gods. He would at once sing his B,ace ditntis, only he is pledged to open the Panama Canal in 1888, with his children, and that he may be spared to do so no one, not even the Suez chauvinistic shareholders, but will wish. But of all the "poetical" plans for handing over the vital interests of England in the East, to her enemies and rivals, that is the foremost. SL Guitat, under Louis Philippe, hum bugged England on the question of the Spanish marriages ; in 1866, the year proceeding the universal exhibition, Natpoleont III. cencmcted at Vichy, a schatme with Bismarck by which France was to seize "internationalized Bel gium," atd the draft treaty, prepared by the French Minister, Benedetti, was published by Bismarck in 1870, on the outbreak of the war. On 8 August, 1870, Mr Gladsltonme himself announced, in the House of Commons, that Prussia and France would respect the neutrality of Belgium, so long as neither of the two violated it It is a poor compliment to Belgium to compare her with Egypt; but if Russia and France put their heads to. gether in a war against England the neu trality of Egypt, and of the canal, would count for little. England has unique in. terests in the canal, and whoever domi. nates at Cairo, dominates that canal To Belgianize Egypt, is to place English vital interests at the mercy of intrigues and cabuls, and in the long run, let there be no doubt, France would be predominant at the International Board. If England he not capable, single.handed, to reform Egypt, let her retire; if she can right matters, and repair the faults and blunders she has committed, let her her do it in her own time and in her own way. France will never go to war with England about Egypt, and she will avoid all that would push the English nation to an al. liance with Germany. The Senate proceeds at a Fabian pace with the R.fidirisfee Bill ; that solution is bound up with the secret understanding be. tween France and England on the confer ence programme and its results. Opinion in the country is commencing to at last seize the enormity of the crime of inunda. ting the neighbourhood of Australia with some 60,000 of the irreclaimable and incorrigible convict scum of France. It is dawning too, on the mind of the nation, that the sullen, coventry, hostility of Australia is a matter to be reckoned with, and if, deserted by England, Aus. tralia gave herself as a " love star" to the United States, or claimed to be under a German protectorate, the position of France would not be a whit improved. If Australians do not rest on their innings, France must follow in the wake of other European Governments; reclaim or keep at home, the crime she manufactures at home. The ultimate grasitation of Holland into the German unity is a foregone con clusion. Prussian influence willbe hence forth dominant at the Hague. Bismarck will never propose that Holland be inter nationalized. The LuxembourE is cer. tain to follow : it too is a no-man's-ground -till wanted by the strongest man. In the spring of 1865, the satirical inurnals of Brussels represented the Prince Napoleon, after receiving the birch. ing usually administered to children. Napoleon III. was there, shaking the birch at his cousin, in case he indulged in further ajaccio escapades. Prince Jerome has in turn now birched his son Victor for pretending before his papa-pretender wished. The son, Prince Victor, is a poor specimen of the Napoleonic i&ir;, what. ever that may exactly be, seeing that it was everything by turns. Prince Victor is a political :rriatrsetr. The Republic has nothing to fear from such antagonists; let it keep clear from debt, not run amuck against the Celestial Empire, nor be too eager to replace John Bull in Egypt, and the venerable lady, if she do not reign as long as the Capetian dynasty, will exist to inaugurate the Centennial Exhi bition, in honor of the principles of 178!i. Another mincemeat murder, recalling Billoir, and surpassing Prdrost. In the early days of May last, the trunk of 6 naked man was fished up at the Passy side of the Seine. Later the legs of a man were found in the river, near the quai Henri IV. The victim was the re- sult of a crime, and chopped up to be more readily disposed of. Be kind to wandering dogs gentle reader. A pet poodle named " 3Mirza" had been observed coming to the river side, whining and barking, on several occasions. The police ultimately placed it in the depit for wandering dogs, requesting particularly that it might be identified. In due course it was. It belonged to one Leben, an egg and butter merchant; he had been missing for weeks; was last seen in com. pany with a waiter, who had rather a feminine turn of character, and dressed occasionally as a woman. This waiter had changed his lodgings, had been in. dustriously carrying about trunks, had been at Lebon's rooms, whose money and scrip had been stolen. The police " want" that waiter to explain what he did with Lebon after enticing him to his lodcings. M1. Dupins is a husband in partibus, and to be pitied. In 1877, he was then 37 years of age, lihe fell in lore with the "niece" of a 1L Thliriman, the latter lent him 10,000 francs to set up in business, and gave a brilliant wedding feast. When the bridegroom thought it was time to retire to the nuptial chamber, he was astonished to find his road barred in the corridor by the uncle, who called him a scoundrel and a knave to be ignorant as to who his niece actually was. A fight ensued, and the bridegreom was collared by the servants, passed the night in a cell, and next day was fined and sent to. prison for a week. Ordered from the house, he sought refuge in the provinces. Formed a llaanio with a villiage girl, by whom lie had a child. They bolth lately came to Paris, when the niece wife had them arrested for adultery. They were only fined 10 francs. It is difficult for well-disposed people to have their way in this vale of tears. Claude Bernard, as a vivisectionist, put Broco, Paul Bert, and Pasteur into the shade. The number of cats and dogs he dissected alive for his nerve expeariments is legion. He died a few years ago. To make atonement for her husband's cruel ties, Madame Bernard took a house at Colomnbes, in the suburbs, and fitted up a wing as a kind of alms-house for refuge. less cats and dogs. The neighbors peti tioned to have the asylum suppressed, as it was a centre sf infection. She re fused to recsguise the mayor's decree, and the courts have ordered the establishment to be broken up, the inmates to lodged in the knacker's yard, and if, within three days, they are niot claimld, they will be converted into raw material for gloves, and charcoal to refine su-ar. The French Government are about fit. ing up an important commercial mu. saeum; not only will the natural products of distant cuntries be there, represented, but specimens ,,f the imported mann. factured g,,ods, which will be exhibited. French manufactories cat thus study the secretary of hben the intelligent fireiger cuts them out All this will be of little avail, if fabricants are iit prepared to ac. cept smaller profits, and workmen lower wages. .I. de Lesseps has related the manner ii which lie obtained the lasting friendship of Prince Said, was this :--Tie Prince, hy close study, had becomme very stiout; de LesSeps urged him t- take riding lessons wilich he did, and i, sinOme months the Prince had beenl galloped down to the thinness of a whipping post There are several plans for dealing with the tiys awhen honme for vacatio~n Philan. trophists propose handing them over to Cook for a personaolly conducted tour till the eve of re-opening of the classes. A newer way to occupy theni is, to give them a supply of " g.ame squibs ;" these, let off at the imouth of a nrbbit hole, will be as efficacious as a ferret. In the case of foxms, rckets arc emtiployed similarly. In the spirutal f St. Jean-de-Dieu Mmnastrry, there is a "baby, 10 years ,-lt" asd weighing 18 lbs. It is the son Sof arn ariculturald labourer; the mother died slhen the infant was a few months old, and the father reared the baby by chaining it very iuirirning whens he westt to iirk, t, thie Imed, and feeding the lpoor creature i,, tis return. A prialiosal is on foot to raise a me miorial motnumitnt to carrier pigeaons-a now sacred birdl, fir their services during the scige. 