TNE SOMERSCOURT. APPARITION. Miss Annersleigh, of Somersconrt, Sussex, was old, rich, benevolent and crotchotv, and the solo surviving representative of nn ancient line of moro or less remarkable " characters." Among the moro pronounced of her eccon- trlcitio.3 were an infatuation for patronising new and out of the way charitable schemes and projects, and the demonstration of a keen intereat in the welfare of tlio llev. Amos Hartley, the curate of the parish. It was a moot point as to which peculiarity was the moro marked, and oortainly, while the one laid her open to numberless and porpotual impoBturcs, the other excited in certain local oircles an amonnt of "talk" and tea table scandal , that her age and obarity scarcely availed to avert, The gossipers declared their ntter inability to discover the bond of sympathy apparently existing betwoon the carate and his patroness. He was, as thoy rightly observed, about the most commonplace enrato of forty-fivo that ever prosed through a sermon, and bnt for a certain spiriti'etle dreaminess occasionally apparent in his plain face, he would have boen an exceedingly uninteresting person. But despite tlieso obvions drawbacks, Mr. Hartley had succeeded in aoeuring the friend ship of the mistress of Soraerscourt, and was apparently firmly established aliko in hergood graces and hor household. His position there was somewhat nnoraalans. Ho acted as Miss Annersleigh'a amannenBis in all matters appertaining to the lavish distribution of hor charity, and, if report spoke truly, was her con fidential adviser in mundane and spiritual matters alike. In spito of occasional outbursts of Bcandal, Mr. Hartley continued to enjoy the sweets and emoluments of his office; and, judging by frequent marks of regard nnd confidence' con ferred npon him by his patroness, tho mutnal understanding nnd sympathy increased with time. The enrate spent the greater portion of his days at Soraerscourt, where a suite of apart ments was always at his disposal. For up wards of five years had this state of thin-'g continued, when, to tho constornation of the parish, and to the inestimable grief of Miss Annersleigh, Mr. Hartley was suddenly nt. tacked by a severe illness, to which he suc cumbed within a week, breathing his last in the room lie was wont to occupy in the house of his friend. Tho demonstrations of grief indulged in by Miss Annersleigh gavo rise to farther, thou-'h somewhat qualified, talk, until tho sorrow of tho old lady began to manifest itself fn the Bhape of handsome "In momortam" donations to local institutions. Then tho tongnea of the " talkers " ceased to wag, and the critics were prepared to soo in the friendship of the old lady for tho doceased curate proof of hor char acteristic goodness of heart. Nearly a year Had elapsed slhce tbe death at Mr. Hartley, whon one oheerless October after, noon a card was brought in to Miss Anners- loigjb who was finding surcease of sorrow in auditing tlio local blanket fund accounts. The visitor proved to be the bearer of a letter of introduction to the mistress of Somersconrt He was a, well dressed man of thirty-five or thereabouts, and decidedly geuttomanliko though nn experienced eye might have detected some of those indeseribable outward and visiblo signs that aro indolibly impressed upon tho countenance of tho man who has been much occupiod in living by his wits. The letter was apparently in the handwriting and bore tho signature, of an eoclcsiastical d'ienl tnry attached to tho diocese, who had twice honored Miss Annersleigh by dining with her on the occasion of his preaching a sermon oa behalf of ono of hor pet charities. Ho intro duced the bearer, Mr. Edmund Barstead, aj the pious projector of a scheme for training tlio daughters of tho indigent to qualify as wives to missionaries of the Mada-macer Eueharistio Society. The letter concluded with a florid compliment to the religions zeal of the old lady, and to tho earnestness nnd ability of Mr. Barstoad, whom tlio writer warmly commended to her friendship and liospitnlity. _ She read the letter through twice very de liberately, and then proceeded to elicit infor mation as to tho aims, objoots nn l past achievements of Mr. Barstoad, all of which he seemed very well ablo to provide ; in fact, lie proved himself an exceedingly well informed nnd entertaining man. He recounted modestly nnd inferential!) sundry romantic and start- ling adventures incurred by him in the proiocu- tion of his good work in benighted Mad.vras. car, and he seemed so pious aud enthusiastic and possessed .so extensive aa acquaintance with people and places sacred to Miss Anner sleigh by their association with all that was good and interesting, that ahe began to feel a deep liking and admiration for this intrepid good looking missionary propagandist, When ho recognised with joyful surprise a little pamphlet written by herself, on The. Missiowiru Duties and Privileges of Married JFomcn, the bond of sympathy was complete. Ho was the first person who owned to having read hor little book withoat being prcssod so to do by tlio authoress, tnd she felt grateful to him, mid happy— so happy, in fact, that she failed to de tect tlie Blight acquaintance with the book which his comments aud oritioisms irapliod, until ho had rapidly glanced over a fow paves of it, " Miss Annersleigh would not hear of hor visitor returning to the post town that night, as he proposed, especially as he wished to see tho vicar of the parish early next morning. Besides, the return involved a walk of scvora I miles, and it was now dark and threatening rain. So Mr. Barstead reluctantly allowed himself to bo persuaded to occupy the spare bed room, which Brqwer, tho man of all worlq was directed to seo prepared. Brewer, who had caught the last of the pro tests of tho gnest, thought it somewhat odd llmt a visitor who oamo with no intention of staying ohould bring a largo Gladstone bag with him. But surprises were common in that house, and he hold his tongue. Several times during tho ovening tho hosteai casually introduced the name of the late curate; and she recalled afterwards that her visitor in variably politely averted any further remarks on that subject, Tho evening paBSod very agreeably, the ad- vent of tho entertaining stranger proving a pleasant break in tho monotony that had per vaded Somerscourt since Mr. Hartley's death, and the old lady lay awake seme time evolving schemes for prolonging the stay bf her visitor. At breakfast, next morning, Mr. Barstead appeared Bingularly dull and distrait. He re pudiated the not'on of indisposition kindly suggested by his hostess, but on her pressing the point be admitted not feeling altogether as he should like. " The fact is," said ho, half apologetically, " I had rather a bad night." Miss Annersleigh looked up over her spec tacles, and cjncnlated an intorrozative " In deed ?" " Yes," ho continued, diffidently ; "I had a very remarkable dream, or vision. Iu fact, it was so vivid that I can hardly believe it was a droam." "You don't say so," remarked Miss Anner sleigh, with painful earnestness. " What was it?" " Well, if I were a believer in the super natural, I should Bay most emphatically tliat a tall, dark man, In the dress of a clergyman, stood by the side of my bed, and beckoned me to follow him." Miss Annersleigh stared with astonish ment. " A clergyman, did yon say ?" sho gasped. "Yes ; moat decidedly. Ho was rather pals, and I should think about forty-five years of age. He carried iu his hand — why, bless inc.. yes, it was that very book !" exclaimed Mr. Barstead, indicating a vellum bound enshbaok upon an adjacent table, whioh was the book iu which the departed curate usod to keep a re cord of Miss Annora'.eigh'a financial dealing' with her multifarious charities. Now, liko most persons sufficiently Btrong minded to bo eccentric, Mis3 Annersleigh was, when sho pleased, very shrewd and calculating, and, though not indisposed to subscribe to the theories of the ghost so era, she was not so crodnlons as to bo blind to tlio chancos of de ception. A moment's reflection suggested the hypothesis that Mr. Barstead had boon toli by the servants that a man had died in his room, and that tho vision was tho effeot of morbid cogitations, or even nervonsncss. " Have any of the servants told yon what has occurred in this hoaso ?" she askod. " Told me what has occurred I You surely don't mean to say that thohouso has the repu tation of being haunted ?" " Certabily not that I aware of ; hut Ihew has boen a doath here," she added, slowly- a "Then ploaso don't tell mo any moro, quickly interrupted Mr. Barstead. " I had nssumod as much, hat I assure you I had o> knowledge of the fact. But sinco you have- told mo this, my curiosity has been aroused, and while disclaiming any belief in the super natural, I am nnxious to be afforded an oppor tunity of investigating any ollogod phenomena. I must confess that my dream has made a very great impression upon me, as you have, doubt less, observed. May I oak if tho description I gave you boars any resemblauce to that of the person yon say died hero ?" " It Is exact," said Miss Annersleigh, In an awesome whiapor. " And that incidont of the book in marvellous. Ho had it so muoh in bis possession." _ Mr. Barstead appeared thunderstruck, an® mused a mlnato before ngivin speaking. This Is most remarkable," eaid he, I Jjavo been frequently told that I am a medium. "A medium I" exclaimed Miss Annoraloigh, excitedly, the revelations having made a deepor impression upon her than oho cared to own. "Yes a modium; and, as such, I should have the faculty of seeing ghosto when they ore to bo aeon. Now I should vory muoh liko to oooupy that room again, to see if any farther manifestations occur." Miss Annersleigh entered a mild protest on the score of tho alarm such a course might occasion her visitor, but ho nssured her most emphatically that his nerves wore equal to tho Strain. After a short conversation, therefore, in wbioh tho curiosity and interest of Miss Annersleigh asserted themselves morcthansho was aware, Mr. Baratead's proposal was agreed to, he emphasising tho necessity of his Doing kept in ignoranoo of any faots affecting the late Mr, Hartley that might stimulate his imaglna- tlOBe The day turned out stormy and miserable, and Mr. Barstcad, to whom timo scemod of no importance, agreed to postpone his intended visit to tho vicar, and the further development of his philanthropic scheme. This now distrac tion had completely monopolised all tho atten tion of his hostess, who abandoned herself to listening to the numberless storios and theories bearing on the subject of tho occult, with which her guest Bcemod surprisingly fami. liar. When tlte-h-tilc in tho cosy diningroom after dinner, Miss Annersleigh grew spiritna- listlcally confidential. She confessed that a deceased friend, who should bo nnmeloss, was " voiy much inclined to boliovo in such things;" and,, in return for Mr. Barstead's narrations, she told him of an apparition distinctly seen and sworn to by n friend of her married sister's cousin. At an early hour Mr. Barstead retired to liis room, fortified by no security against fear beyond the assurance of his hostess's admiration for his oonrago, and a night light, whioh he proposed to burn all night. This spirit of reakleso hardihood was in no degree shared by tho old. lady, Tho prospect of passing the .night alone was too much for her ; and, on the pretext of not footing well, the house maid was requested to share hor mistress's room. Bat in spite of this, sho could not Bleep. The distance of Mr. Barstead's room from hor own precluded tho possibility of hor hear- log anything that might occur thoro; but twlco during the night she cowered moist and trembling boncath the bedclothes, as she fancied she heard strange noises coming from the direction of the haunted chamber. When Miss Annersleigh said " Good morn ing" to hor guest atbroakfast, sho started with surprise at tho chango the night had wrought in him. He was pale, haggard and wan ; and, to hor expectant oyes, presented just tho ap pearance that tradition and fancy would at tribute to ono after holding communion with SBhadeof the departed. " Ho must have enjoyed hisself with that bottle pretty considerably last night," was tho mental comment of tho old sorritor on noticing the same symptoms, Mr. Barstead was in no hurry to reveal the secrets of tho dead chambor, but the sickly expressive smile with which he acknowledged tho salutation of hishostes3 conveyed all it was intended to. Misa Annersleigh pretended to he interested in tho platitndinal comments on tho weather, past and prospective, in which the ghost seer indnlged while occupied over his first cup of cofice ; bnt hor impationco and curiosity at length asserted themselves. Loaning over the table, she peered into tho face of her guest, and whispered, " Did it come ?" Mr. Barstcad hesitated a minute, as a man floes who is callod upon to mako a statement that he foels no one will believo. "Kaally, I fear I am causing you unneces sary agitation over a simple, not to Bay silly, mattsr," he answered. Misa Annersleigh stontly asserted that she Was not in the slightest degreo agitated or up set, bnt confessed to an amount of curiosity. "Woll, thon,"he resumed, "up to this morn ing I was quito prepared to boliovo that nil I had experienced was tho offoot of a dis ordered imagination; but there are certain foots which wo cannot get over," and he pausod contemplatively, while he piaved with a piooa of paper in his side pooket. "But Til toll yon what ocourrod. I dropped off to sleep very quiokly," said ho, again hesitating, as if to allow his listener timo to express her admira tion for hiB coolness. "I had boon asloop about two hours, whou I was awakened by a con sciousness that some one was standing ovor me, I glanced towards the foot of tho bed, and thoro stood tho figure I had soen on the pre vious night. I saw it so distinctly that I was able to distinguish soveral features I failed to notice on tho first occasion. The figure was toll, had a bald patch on its head, and a Bmall scar beneath the ohin." ''Good heavens !" exclaimed Miss Auners- wlgh, oxcitedly, "Porhaps it would be better if you refrained from giving mo any clue as to tho identifica tion of the person," interrupted Mr. Borstoad, snavoly. « If there is anything in it, I can then bo satisfied tbat this apparition is not tho t!aa'' f coy previous Imowledgo on my part ol the person yon suppose it to bo." Miss Annersleigh saw tho loglo of the suggestion, and promised to - abstain from further interruptions. Mr. Barstead con tinued : After a moment or two the figure beokoned to mo, and made a sign, as if desiring mo to J!11;0', J- 8' ont of bed, procured writing material, and Bat at tho table. Tho figure upproaclied me slowly and noiselessly. X recol- , .placing Pn npon tho paper, as if about to begin to write, but nothing more. Tho oxt thing of whioh X was conscious was sud denly BWaking, feeling perfectly chilled. I J®,.,lll5 at the table holding tho pen, and y light had gone out. I got into bed, being j '? Was suffering from nightmare, ud nftor an effort fell off to Bleep. On rising teoralng I Immediately looked at tho » imagine my ostonishmont on finding it writton npon in a hand I did uotreoogniso." l 48 huopoko he produced the paper, at which w«. . i n .ervously pnlling all the time. It it in f Bote paper, and scrawled upon Peculiar handwriting, which Miss of «.« i 8 Immediately recognised as that Ing clergyman, was tho follow- 1st hhnfift' enV'8fy you ' Accept tho modium. " What does it mean t" asked Miss Anners leigh, in tones that betokened great excite- ment nnd agitation. " It is his own hand writing ; X should know it among a thousand, And, oh, Mr. Barstoad, it docs satisfy mo! But yon mnst excuse mo — I feel ill — it is too muoh," and Miss Annersleigh loft tho room abruptly, while Mr. Barstoad looked on in puzzled bewildormont. When the door had closed npon tho old lady her gnost skipped across the room, rubbing his hands, and his conntonance lit up with an expression of de light tliqt contrasted straugoly with his pre vious depression. " Trumps at last," he chuckled. " Trumps at last." Half-an-honr lator M!sb Annersloigh re turned, somewhat mnro composed, and white finishing her interrupted repast she confided to Mr. Barstead the cause of her omotion. "Poor Mr. Hartley waB a spiritualist," she said, "and wc nsed to discuss tho subject ; but 1 was always sceptical till now. It is ovidont that you are n medium." Mr. Barstead owned that it was all very strange, but added that if it were agreeable to bis hostoss, ho woald bo most happy to stay a day or two for tho purpose of trying to obtain furthor communications, That vory nftornoon ho was seized with a peculiar trembling fit while sitting at n table, and proceeded to writo as if in a dream. MisB Annersleigh again recognised the hand writing, and though the mosaageit conveyed was somewhat vogue, it contatnod allusions to pri vate matters which a strangor like Mr. Bar stead conid not have known. Farther sittings produced oven mora satisfactory results, and proved tho visitor to be a writing medium of no ordinary power. The messages increased at every Bitting, though Miss Annersleigh remarked that tho caligrnphlc accuracy was not continued. Mr. Barstoad regarded tho whole business as a puzzlo. He could not, he said, bring him self to believe in spiritnalism ; but the fact of his writing particulars concerning a person he had never heard of before astonished him. Two days passed, but tho pair were too ab sorbed in tho new distraction to have a thought for the object that brought Mr. Barstcad to Somerecourt. He seemed in no way eager to expedite matters, until the morning of tho fourth day. On the previous evening a mes sage had been received from the spirit of tho defunct curnto, implying dolicatoly, but un mistakably, that the medium was in need of the aid of his hostess, but that his loftiness of soul prevonted his asking for that holp which she conid so well afford. Mr. Bnretoad had made a practice of handing tho messages direct to Miss Annersleigh, instead of himself reading them, on finding that somo of them were of un exceedingly private character — a delicacy which Miss Annersleigh did not fall to appre ciate. Of course, thoroforc, ho was quito ig norant of the nature of this particular com munication, and when next morning the old lady presented him with a handsome cheque, he was fairly overcome with emotion. Ho, howover, now suddenly seemed to re- momber the cause ho had at haart ; so, taking advantage of the choqne-book being on tho table, ho advanced the claims of his "sooioty," and easily obtained a cheque for £50. Then he reluctantly declared that he must rotara to town, and after consoling his hostess by an assurnnoo that ho would como back again in two days at most, ho set ont, announcing his intention of calling on the vicar on his way. Miss Annorsloigh ocoupied the tedium of his absenco by writing an aceonnt of the re markable manifestations for the Society for Psychical Research. But it was never sent, as. before it was completed, circumstances transpired which caused her to institute in quiries respecting the departed modium, such inquiries being rendered tiio more urgent by reason of his unexplained continnod absonoo, and by a letter from tho ecclesiastical intro ducer to whom sho hod written, in whioh he disclaimed any knowledge of Mr. Barstead. The matter romninod a mystery for somo weeks ; in fact, until an old servant called on Miss Annersloigh to ask if she conid bo taken back into serrico, as her intended husband had writton, saying that he had hoen unexpectedly " called to America, and tho date of his return was most uncertain." On being casually given a description of tho wandering lovor, Miss Annersleigh discovered, to her astonishment, that he bore a strong rosomblancc to Mr. Barstead. She ventured to suggest that they were ono and the Bamo person ; but tho old domestio was most iodignaut at the idea, add ing sho was certain her " Xlobsrt" could not hare been guilty of such an Imposition, as ho was a religiously disposed man, and a great admirer of poor dear Mr. Hartley, whoso paths ho always told hor he intonded to follow. — Trull t. 