A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. (Argonaut.) Akoiheb man and I wcro walking slowly down Broadway last night, shortly after 11 o'clock,"when a Btochy and heavily • built woman stepped directly in our path and accosted us in alowvoice. Itwaa just above Thirty-sixth-etreet, and directly opposite the excavations of Forle's new hotel. The night wob dark, and the great thoroughfare almOBt deserted. There were live hundred etreet- walkers abroad, and we sup posed the woman was one of them; so we stepped •side without ceasing to talk. As I passed her ■he grabbed my arm ant Baid : "Wait one minute, please; I want to speak toyou.' "Not to-night. Don't grab my Bleeve that way.' ■ Don't you know me, sir ?' said the girl, hur riedly. 'I knew you as soon as I seen yer comin' along.' I looked more closely at her face, and recog nised a servant girl—a chambermaid—who had been employed for a ehort time in the house of a friend of mino in Twenty-fifth street, nearly three yeatB before. She was then engaged to a soldier, who was garrisoned at Fort Hamilton, end was very proud of her lover. Ho called on her whenever he could get leave, in terrifio style—uniform, waxed moustache, bear's grease, and 10 on. Ho only received thirteen dollais a month and his hoard, but ho had all the wild instincts of a Spanish cava'ior. After he had captured the girl's affections he ruined her. the grew wor o and worse, until •he was discharged from herservice in Twenty fifth-street. Bha went to Fort Hamilton to see her lover, and then drifted oa the town. When I first saw her . she was bnxom and plump He face was pleasant, and hor eyes and teein bright. There was plenty of colour in her cheeks, her hair was neatly brushed, and she wore a close-fitting muslin gown that was very clean and tidy. AJtogeth- r, she was a very jolly sort of a maid. Sho lad been over from Ir.lflnd only two years, and still had a strong brogue. 1 lio girl never returned lo the Twenty.fifth street house after she went on the town, and I didn't see her for nearly a yoar, wli n X ran across her one croning in Mudisoo Square. I didn't know her, but Bho recognised mo, and came np smiling. Wo chatted for a few minutes whilo I waited for a stage, and I was stru k by the great change tl at had c ,mo over her. Bhe didn't call me " sir " then. She had became a " lady." Wo woro equal— in hor mind. Her hair was banged, -sho wore a silk jersoy, gaudy shoes, a plumed hat, l"ng yellow i gloves, and a bunch of IIjwm-b at hor b.-lt. She talked in loud stylo. After she had sailed away, I got in tho stago, and prcsent'y forgot all about- her. I didn't think of her again until sho made herself known to mo on Broad way. Another great change had taken place in her. She had evidently sunk almost to the bottom of the scale. Her fall had rid her of the idea that" she was a ' lady,*- and »l\e was : without tho affectations that had characterised I her on our hist netting. Her hair was still banged, hut it had been blo»el>cd lo amoltod and disagreoable yellow, and her colour was all gone. Her figure, which had forinorly been very good, was much matured. It soomcd im possible that the women who stood beforo mo lost night could havo beon tbo bright and jolly Rirl of throo years boforo. Sho iookod thirty- I five or forty, though she was costainly less than twenty-two years of ago. ; Don't you know me now, sirP' sho nskod. Bridt1 changed very muoh, though, n'J«- ?">' oho said, 'but don't cnll mo *'T' name is Maudo now.' Monsonso. Why did you stop mop' X just did it widout a minut's thought, sir, m put about. I'm in trouble, an" I wanted to ask somoone what to do. I'm glad I "ujtyou on that account.' polhfcP*''* th° matUtP TroubI° *itb tb# time' mL ,i,ter an' Ruibaod lirei orsf hers in Forty-first- «tr»«t, near Ninth Av'noo, and their little boy died last night, or rather this mornin', at throe o'clock.' 'Well?' ' Well, iir,' continued the woman, .rapidly, 'me sister sent fur mo. this noon, but I was away, an' I never heard of it till two hours ago. then I went over there, an' I see tho poor little inuocent Ijin' dead in bed, an' mo sister crjin.' ' Where was her husband ?' ' Oh, he's blind drunk, as usual, somewhorcs along the dock. Ho hasnjt been homo ina week, an' don't know anythin' about the death. He's boat me sister Ijll she's almost-crippled, an' eho wants to run away {ram him. -He may come home any miflut, an' he maynt come home in a week." Woll, air, I've got enough to pay for buryin'. the ohild, sir, but I'm feared, an' so is me sister.' The woman began to sniffle and sob hero, as though hf-r heart would break. ' What are you afraid of ?' I asked. 'Why, sir, you see we aint told anybody of I the death yet, an' people still think the baby's only eiok. Now, if wo tell tho perlice, they'd I send us up for keepiu' the death a secret, an' the baby'U have a poor-house grave.' ' ' Is it your sister s ohild, or yours P' The woman sniffled a bit more ■> iolontly, and then whined: ' Please, sir, it's mine. But mo sister lovod it like her own. It was a beautiful baby, but the perlico'll have it now, an' we'll be sent up.' 1 I'll go ovor to the Thirty-ninth-street station with you, and we'll Hi it up. All you have to do is to report it to the police, and then go to an undertaker and go down with him in the morning to the coroner's office and get a burial permit. Then you may bury it when you phase.' ; ity companion and I went ovor to the station with tho woman and fixed the matter up. There was no trouble about it The mother was greatly relieved, and insisted upon our going and looking at the dead boy before we went home. There was a chance for a new experience, and after a little hositancy we fol lowed her. .- It was after midnight, and the neighbour hood forbidding. Ninth Avenne at this point is lined on either side with small and poorly built shops. Only the liquor etores were lighted. There wore four of them at every intersection of a street. A group of men stood in front of each groggery. They yelled at us occasionally as we passed, but we were not molested during the trip. Bridget turned down Forty-flrat-street hurriedly, and aftor going half way down tho block stopped at the door of one of a long row of tenement houses. These houses were of the usual pattern. They encroached on the sidewalk as much as the law allowed, and rose perpendicular for seven or eight stories. The entrance was through a common three foot doorway, and the Btairs which led to the top of the building were as steep as ladders. There was the unmistakable odonr of decaying vegetables in the ball. We Btumbled over a drunken man who cursed us in maudlin anger on the first landing, and heard the sounds of fighting in one of the rooms as we climbed np the fonrth floor. Then Bridget told us to wait while the went into the room. She opened the door quickly and explained matters to her aister, and then we went in There was a bed in one corner of tho room. Bridget's sister dnsted the seat of a chair with her apron and asked us to sit down. She spoke in a whisper, and had certainly boon orying. The blackened and smokv lamp made tho gloom moro apparent. The women talked of the child for a few minutes, and then changed the sub ject to the drunken husband, whom they both feared. • When we |it the baby in his grave,' said Bridget, mopping her eyes, ' we're goin' away —Sarah an' me is.' ' Where ?' • Out to Camden, sir. There's some rubber works there which we'll work at. Wo both know tho work. I'll bo straight now, if I etarvo to doath. Sirali'll run away from Mike wid mo. The world ain't treated neither of us good, an' we're goin' to start again.' Whilo the woman talked, Bho unbuttoned her cloak. It rorcaled a red dress that exposed a liberal amount of neck and arm. Don't show ver shame that way, you!' said, her sister, sharply, attempting to draw the cloak together again , ' Oh, it's no matter. Tho gentleman knows what I am. Ho knowed me when I was a decent workin' gtrl.' ' She turned toward tho bed for tho tet tin e, and began to eimpor and cry again, her sister following iter example. My companion had gono to tho door, which ho held ajar. Ho was pale as a ghost. Tho air was opp-ossivcly hot. ' Como an' see the boy, sir,' (aid tho woman, drawing the bed-clothes down from a stark little form that was out-linod benoath them ' No, no. Dot me get out in the air.' I fal lowed my friend into tho hall way, and we wcro groping our way towards tho stairs, when wo hoard a man below cursing frightfully as he rcolcd and tumbled up stairs .At tho sumo instant tho women heard him. Bridget dashed out into tho hall, and, in a frightened whisper, pushed us part way up tho next flight of steps, and then ran back into tho room and whis pered hurriedly to her sister. Then eho cair.o back to us again, and we awaited tho 'long shoreman. Ho arrived at the top of tho etairs, and reeled towards tho door of the room, muttering imprecations on the head of his wife. Boforo ho crossod tho threshold she ran to liim and cried: • Mike, tho baby is dyin' — 'I'll kill tho brat'— ' And tlio doctor says ho must liavo some whisky. Here's somo monoy, Mikoy doar. do an' git somo of the stuff, will yez ? Go quiok, an' come back quick, there's a dearie.' He seized the money, struok at his wife with another curie, end tumbled down the itein. When he had gone, wo leffc some money with the women and hurried down stairs. ■ The crisp, wintry air, was like a refreshing draught to a man djing of thirst. 