FICTION. _ (?tom EBflUb, Ámwlea-, «ad olbar Fario-tc-lfJ II A JÏCML I HT . CHAFTER VIII. "MADAM», LA C0MTEBBB.'' It was true, in part, that bitter story Filippo Bu carelli had told the new Earl of Glandore, but the untrue portions the Italian knew nothing ef, and he bad jumped to a hasty Conclusion regarding the woman who died at Guv's Hospital two days after the Europa touched port, for at the very moment Mr. Thorndale considered himself the sole existing heir, the Countess of Glendore lay ill unto death in one of the most secluded quarters of London. The knowledge of heryouDg husband's terrible fate, had'been a severe blow to Madolin, and the man chosen to break the news to her ladyship felt that he would sooner die than pass through such an ordeal again. She did not scream nor cry out-she only looked up into his face, ob, so pitifully ; she only whispered " God take me tool" and fell face downward like some dead thing, and it was two whole days before those beautiful eyes opened to the world again. After that, slow fever set in, and at times she grew delirious; but night and day the little actress she had learned to love, sat by her ladyship's side and waited on her hand and foot; attended her with the tireless devotion of a dog- never Btirring from ber side for au instant, but eating, drinking, and Bleeping by her to the hour the ship reached Eng- land. She shouldn't want for anything, the ptsssngers said, Her husband lost his life in saving (hem, and they would die rather than she should need friends now. They were very kind-very ! She told them all. But it didn't nutter what became of her now, Life had nothing left to .ive her, and she only wanted to die and go to him, They were very good to offer her help, but the lind a little money, and her friend, the actress, had promised to find a home for her where she could wait for. the end. They didn't like to look at her when she spoke in that tone of calm decpair, for death seemed as though it really did shadow the glorious beauty of that pale young face; and so, when the ship touched port, they bade her a tearful adieu, and watched the little actress assist her into a hansom and drive rapidly away. "_j. Madolin bad expressed a wish to get into the most seoluded quarter of the city, and, with tears in her .yes, had begged the little detraes never to mention who she was, or where ehe lived, or how A« had died, to anybody, and the little actress bad taken a soltmn vow. They couldn't, live together for Madolin wanted rest and quiet, and eeolueion, and la petit» mude moiselle's professional standing forced her to take brilliant apartments in a fashionable quarter, where she could mingle with le hau monde, and be seen and known, and admired, before she left the old Drury for a tour of the continent. But that wouldn't be until after Christmas, and Madolin might expect to see her every day while she was in London, And every day she did come with flowers, or fruit, or wine, for the sufferer who lay on her bed for three whole months, broken in soul and body: and Mado t\n never thoroughly understood how it was her money lasted so long and did such wonders, never for an instant dreaming that the rent, and the flow- ers, and fruit, and numberlees etceteras came out of mademoiselle's purse, and not her own. And so the weary months wore on, and Cbrietmis was very near when she got out of bed, for the first time, and s.t by the window, looking at the London fog, and the London slush, and driszle, and snow-a wan, white, bloodless little ghost of my Lord Glan -ore's brilliant bride; worn, and haggard, and hollow- eyed, with such a pitiful smile, sueh a low, sad, broken voice, that you shuddered when she ¿reeted you. Mademoiselle's engagement at the Drury Lane was nearly over now, and ia a week, her contract would force ber to go abroad on the continent, bat she trusted to see Madolin on her return. But my Lady Gandore shook her head softly. " I shall be in my grave, I hope," she said, mourn- fully, and the little actress had gone away ia tsars, festing It would be only too true unless something stirred ber from that calm despair. And so another week passed by. Christmas bad come and gone, and the hour of their parting had arrived, It seemed to Madolin that part of ber life was go* ing out with mademoiselle, as though the last bright link was being sundered, and she clung to ber until ' the last. " I shall come baek here and look for yon when I return, Madolin," the little actress bad said, with tears in her eyes. " And I want yon to promise me that if you ever need a friend you will be sure to come to me." ' And Madolin bad promised, and after tears, and sobs, end embraces, the little actress bad taken her departure, slyly leaving ten pounds on the aantolas a farewell gift. i Madolin did not discover it until hours after, when Mademoiselle was far on her way, and a great lump seemed to come up in her throat when she looked at the crumpled bills. " And these ar6 the women men sneer at-this is the profession the world slanders 1 she murmured, with a little sob, and then her eyes fell on something standing, dusty and forgotten, in the darkest corner of the room. 1 " Arthur's valise !" she uttered, in a choking tone. " All that the cruel sea left me to remember him by. My darling I my darling 11 wonder.if you look down on me this night !" She lighted the lamp end took the valise on her knee. " I wonder if it contains some memento ?" the mused, sadly, "I haven't a picture to look upon ; I have nothing but this plain gold band that linked my life to his-this symbol of my early widowhood !" She pushed back the oatch as she spoke, and opened the valise. A folded paper, a letter in a torn envelope, and some articles of wearing apparel these were all it contained. She took up the folded paper, and a mist eeemed to come before her eyes, _ " My marriage certificate I" she murmured, in a choking voice, and tears glittered on the long, bright lashes as she spoke. "Dear paper! you gave me the right to love him, but you could not save him for all. How closely be treasured and guarded you always, and this is the first time I have touched you in my life." She spread the paper open, and looked at i through a mist of tears. "How well I remember it I" she murmured, chok- ingly. "God pity me, how well I remember it! This paper his dear hand touched; this paper wat next bis beut once. 'Marriage certificate of Mado* lin Grace Karslake and-' Good heavens t what Is this ? ' Madolin Grace Karslake uni-Basil Edward Trevelyan P Powers of Mercy ! am I mad or dream* I isg P My head swims ; my senses reel. Let me look again. No, no.no! it Is not Arthur Negwyn, it is Basil Edward Trevelyan, and he married me-my God 1-he married me under an assumed name I Ob, what could be his motive for that P Oh, let me think ! which of these names was really his P Ab, I recall it now. The pastor who Wedded us told me that many a lady might envy me that night; I re- member bow Arthur smiled whea I asked him of his I home and people ; I remember that he bade me wait and see what was in store for me ; I remember-oh my heart, my heart ! He was not my father's foe ; it was a name chance must have led him to adopt, and he might have gone to papa and told him all* but I made him swear secrecy-God pity me 1 I worked my own ruin I" The paper flattered from her hands and fell to the floor ; a thousand remembrances seemed to crowd upon her, and dayed, and white, and faint, she sat there and stared at the whitewashed walls. " He would have told me, but I made bim promise not to speak !" she uttered, in a bleak voice ; " snd I never suspected, never dreamed, because every cir- cumstance was a connecting link, The father who was named the same, the mother who died in giving bim birth. Ob, let me think! let me think! Let me recall papa's words, and work this mystery out I He said be was happy with mamma and me-then the serpent came-another child was born and died -papa and mamma separated-the serpent went Ms way after he had done his worst and married, and-Ob, my God, my God ! how blind I have been ! Arthur Negwyn'a child must have been bom after I was. He must, if living, be younger than I am, and the maa I married was older. Why didn't I think before! Ob, why didn't I think beforeP Basil Edward Trevelyan, and-What is this P A letter-and the envelope is half torn." She picked it np, and turned it over. It waa an old letter, and part of the address was gone, but what remained read : " BASIL EDWAED TBBVELYAN, "EABL OF "SCA «ENG She looked at it with dilated eyes. "An earl ! a peer of the British realm ! and I-I must be a countess ! Oh, if I only knew his title ! Let me read this letter. It may tell me, and-and I must hope." She drew the sheet out and looked it over. It was crested with a monogram and a coronet, and read simply : " Mï LORD : Sir Walter has examined, and he tells me the deed! of the property are quite correct, and yon may pnrohase with safety The land is rery beautiful, and thrown into your cwn, would make the grandest estate In all England to-day. Youri, B.W." Not a name was mentioned ; not a clue was left to guide ber. She let the paper fal), and staggered blindly away. " Nothing 1 I can learn nothing 1" she uttered, brokenly. " I only koow that he was an earl by right, that I need not blush for my anio», and shrink out of eight, and-and- I can go to papa ; I have nothing to fear. But he is dead, God pity me, he is dead, and my blindness killed bim I Oh, my love, my love, forgive me ; I killed you when I loved you so I" Broken, and full of pain, the cry went up, and sinking on her knees before the window she bowed her bead on her clasped hands. The lamp spluttered a little and then went out; moonlight and gas-light flickered on the snow be- neath ; silence filled the air, and the sad old year was dying. But she knelt there long, dreaming what might have been. Darkness fell closer over the world without ; the snow began to fall gently ; the light of the meon had passed away, and In the emptiness and the gloom of the night, the clock in St. Paul's struck twelve, \- A new year !" she uttered, with a little sob ; " a new year, and we might have been happy but for my blindness. Another year begun ! God help me, God pity me I what does it hold for meP" Her face was toward the purple sky, and while the bells were ringing and the snow fell silently through the peaceful calm of night, the voice she loved to hear seemed to whisper somewhere la the emptiness and the soliltude t " Ah, beloved, truBt in my love. Even though the ocean should roll between us ; even though, living, I should be dead to you; even though Worlds rose up to kill it, mine is a love that will live." And she liked to remember that, in the golden past. At spoke those words to ber. 