FREDERIC MAURICE First Notice. There are probably several hundred educated men still living who would reply without hesitation, if they were ashed whom they ranked as the purest minded and best among all whom they had known, that there was no man to be put above fredtric Maurice, or to be ranked with him, or even to be placed near him. To those who knew him at all intimately, it is scarcely an ex- aggeration to say that he seemed something more than man-— as it were a prophet, who lived under tho influence of what one of his contemporaries termed "a divine possession." It is scarcely probable that a future generation will ever be able to understand the secret of this transcendent personal influence. Al though his books stimulated religious thought in no common degree, although his ser mons contained some of the noblest bursts of oratory that can be fouud in religious literature, it may yet, we think, be said of him that his thought was aways greater than his power of expression, and that his moral nature was ever nonier and wider than his thoughts, So it was that throughout his life Frederic Maurice jyjp rather conjectured than understood, and 'Jie.uer worshipped than known. His son mentions in the postscript to the biography that a petition influentially signed was circulated as soon as his death was known that he might be buried in West minster Abbey ; and on tho other hand, when a friend offered to present a picture of him to tho Royal Academy "not a single member of tho council had ever heard his name, or knew any thing about hint." To tho so- called religious journals of the Evangelical party belongs the credit of having discerned the danger they were exposed to from a teacher saturated with Christianity, and of having pursued him with unrelenting slanders through tho better part of his life. Tor some years Maurice was availed with a virulence and recklessness to which there are not many parallels even in controversial theology ; and, as he had no strong organisa tion at his back, like Newman and Pusey, and had not a single friend in the press till the Spectator passed into the hands of its present proprietors, it was easy to obtain credence for almost any calumny. One report which came to his own ears, and afforded him unmitigated amusement, described him as "a man who had written a book about natural history, in which the name of God was not mentioned from one end to the other," The intention, of course, was to mix him up with Darwinians, and the fabricator may not have known that Mr. Maurice was quite ignorant of natural history and as careless as an educated man could be of scientific speculations. Frederic Maurice was tho descendant of a sound Puritan family, which had gradually gone over to Unitarianism. His father, Michael, was a Unitarian minister, whose ideas seem to have been a little vague, as he always baptised in the name of " the Father, the Son and tho Holy Ghost." "Why, sir," said Robert Hall to him, " as I understand you, you must consider that you baptise in the name of an abstraction, a man and a metaphor." Mother and sisters were remarkable women, of considerable originality and power. Tho sisters gradually thought themselves out of Unitarianism, and in 1831, Frederick Maurice, who was then 26 years old, and who had left Cambridge without a degree, because he would not subscribe the Anglican articles, had himself baptised quite needlessly and irregularly, became a member of tho Church of England, and took a degree at Oxford. It is remarkable that, though he studied at both universities, he kept himself singularly free of academical influences, and that though he was exceptionally shy, and not highly distinguished in the studies of either seat of learning, he fell naturally into the best literary set in each. At Cambridge he was a member of the little society known as the Apostles with Tennyson, Arthur Hallam, Sterling and Kemble ; and at Oxford he be- longed to the Weg with Gladstone, Sydney Herbert, the Duke of Newcastle, and Lord Elgin. In the interval between Cam bridge and Oxford he had tried his hand at periodical literature with more than ordi nary success, having edited a metropolitan quarterly magazine, which died after four numbers, and the better known Athentcum, He was also at this time member of a debating society, to which John Stuart Mill belonged. Mill, who conceived a great opinion of his powers, has left it on record that he was an infrequent speaker ; and for some time it seems to have been thought that he and Sterling were in a sort of joint partnership, to which Maurice contri buted the solid ideas, and Sterling tho fluent speech. As a fact, they were both tending in very opposite directions. It was a mistake that Sterling ever took orders. His real talent was literary, and his turn of thought sceptical. Maurice, on tho other hand, had found his true path when he abandoned jour nalism for the pulpit and the lecture room. From the time of his ordination in 1832 down to the death of his first wife, in 1845, Frederic Maurice's life was compara tively secluded and uneventful. He produced some of the best known of his works at this time— The Kingdom of Christ, which developed his peculiar view that the Church with Christ at its head was the real exemplar of human society, and Subscription no Bondage, in which he maintained the view now familiar to An- glicans, that tests properly guarded are the best safeguards of free thought against the tyranny of a majority. So little was the real character of his views understood at this time that in 1836 the Puseyite party, which was trying to get men of its own views appointed heads of colleges and professors, nominated Maurice as candidate for the Chair of Political Economy against Herman Merivale. The sequel was amusing. While votes were still being canvassed for, Maurice published a couple of letters on Baptism, which convinced the world that he was ut terly at variance with the High Church view of the sacraments. From the moment this was ascertained the party resolved to vote against him, and his name had to be with drawn from a hopeless contest. It has been usual enough in England for subscription of a test to be the condition of educational preferment ; but this, is probably a single instance of a party throwing over its only available candidate for a chair in which his only duty would have been to explain the laws of wealth, because he held Baptismal Regeneration in a different sense from tho majority. Eight years later the Low Church men of England united to expel Mr. Ward as a representative of the Puseyite party, because he had advocated dishonest subscriptions. Maurice, of course, came forward in the interests of liberty of thought, did not conciliate tho High Church men, as he expressed a strong disapproval of Ward's conduct, and alienated tho whole body of the Evangelicals. Nearly two years later, at a time when tho death of a beloved wife had plunged him in the deepest affliction (1846), Maurice, who was then Professor of History at King's College and chaplain at Lincoln's Inn, came into rela tions with some young barristers, the most noticeable of whom were Mr. Ludlow and Mr. Hughes, who took a warm interest in social questions. For some time nothing came of tho friends' deliberations. The working men of England at that time were suffering from a bitter sense of unjust legislation, and detested the upper classes and distrusted tho clergy. Their leaders, Fergus O'Connor, Ernest Jones, Thomas Cooper and Thornton Hunt, encouraged these unfortunate feelings, and instinctively dreaded Maurice's moderation, just as Karl *The Life of Frederic Denison Maurice, chiefly told cr letters. Edited by bis son, Fredcris Vs&nos;, London; MiciaUlaa and Co Marx and Ferdinand Lassalle in Germany reserved their angriest antagonism for the father of co-operation in Germany Schultze-Delitsch. It seemed impossible even to get quiet speech of a representative working man. Then came the famous, though half-forgotten, 30th of April, when the Chart- ists, who had assembled in masses to intimidate the House of Commons, found themselves con fronted by the whole middle class of London, and had to acknowledge themselves outnum bered, as well as outmanoeuvred and overawed. The result was a complete sense of defeat and moral prostration. Many of tho ablest and most energetic men emigrated. Others aban doned politics in despair. A few inclined to listen to Mr. Maurice and his friends. Presently, Mr. Kingsley's Alton Locke furnished the party with a vivid and powerful exposition of prin ciples. Those who consider how profoundly English middle class feeling had been alarmed by the events of 1848 and 1849, revolutions all over the continent, rebellion in Ireland, and attempted revolution in England, will be able to find some excuse for tho unmanly and unreasoning state of panic into which English society now fell. Alton Locke did not draw a more vivid picture of the sufferings of the English poor than Disraeli had drawn in Sybil five years before, but then Disraeli wrote at a time when there was no fear of seeing pikes trailed, and his descrip tion only furnished society with an agreeable sensation of being purified by passion and pity. Kingsley wrote in grim earnest for a society which had come to understand that the lowest classes were in grim earnest also. Instead of leaving the book to stand or fall by its own merits, the Times set to work to demolish it in a ponderous review of several columns, and tho result of course was that every body read it. Public indignation, however, deepened as it studied ; and as every Englishman is firmly convinced that the system he slipped into yesterday, and which he is prepared to change to- morrow, has been ordained from God of all time, it was felt that Mr. Kingsley, who attacked it, must be an infidel. He had made his hero far from ortho- dox, and had introduced a Scotch shoe maker talking very bad Scotch, and in very clever imitation of Carlyle. Nothing more was needed to convict him of heresy, and though the evidence was not suf- ficient to justify his deprivation as a Church of England priest, he was tabooed in all correct clerical circles. Naturally some of tho wrath against Kings- ley re-acted against Maurice. Maurice had been Kingsley's teacher, and was his friend, and continued to work with him, and neglected no opportunity of proclaiming his admiration and esteem for him. Then, again, Maurice and Kingsley had been united in tho publica tion of Politics for the People, a very harmless periodical, with a good deal of real ability in tho articles, which died, although it was written for nothing, because the people did not care to purchase it. Last but not least, Maurice had chosen the name of Christian Socialism for the new movement that he was inaugurating, Tho name, as he put it in a letter to Ludlow, " will commit us at once to the conflict we must engage in with the unsocial Christians and the un-Christian socialists." In fact, he wanted the Chartists to understand that the new movement was based upon belief in Christ's example and teaching, and tho followers of M'Culloch to know that he and his followers repudiated all belief in the devil's gospel that buying in the cheapest market and selling in the dearest is the last word of human civilisation. Whether such views were souud or not, it was quite cer tain that they could not be palatable. Maurice, above all men, ran a fearful risk in putting them forward. He was "suspect" as tho son of a Unitarian, and, bred himself in unitarian- ism, he was "suspect" as the defender of High Churchmen when they were per- secuted, and he was hated because he had never cared to speak smooth things of the ecclesiastical rottenness that surrounded him. Those who knew anything about him must have been aware that he was thoroughly orthodox in the ordinary accepta tion of the term : a believer in biblical in- spiration ; a believer in the sanctity of the Sabbath: a believer in every article of the apostolical creeds. Unhappily they knew also that his belief was not a traditional acceptance of conventional arguments, but an independent conviction arrived at by himself, often on different grounds to those which influenced the multitude. They knew also that he was never to be counted on for a party vote ; that he had defended tho admission of Jews into Parliament ; and that he was the friend of several men, such as Sterling and Carlyle, who were very distinctly not within tho orthodox pale. The attacks began in 1849, on the occa- sion of Hare's Life of Sterling. Tho re- ligious papers laid hold of the fact that a dear friend and brother-in-law of Maurice's had become a free thinker, and proceeded to argue with great acumen that he also must be guilty of free thought. Presently it was discovered that some or Sterling's friends— tho three Wilberforces, Manning, Julius Hare, Trench, Allen, Maurice and three writers in Punch —used to dine to gether once a month, and that their gathering was known as the Sterling Club. Tho Evan- gelical Record at once blew the trumpet for a religious war, and tho Conservative Morning Herald and Standard followed suit. The object of these attacks was a very definite one. In 1846 Maurice had accepted the chair of Ecclesiastical History at King's College, in addition to that of Modern History. Could a belief be instilled into the public that Mr. Maurice was an unbeliever, and was likely to propagate infidelity, it might be possible to worry him out of his professorship. As a matter of fact, the attack was so fierce that, as early as March, 1847, Dr. Jelf wrote a letter putting a number of questions to Professor Maurice. One of these will explain a good deal. Jelf : "Do I understand you to say that you desire the Creeds, tho Liturgy, the Articles to be taken as the texts of orthodoxy, and that you consider it a part of that orthodoxy to make the Bible a key to all other studies ?" Maurice : " I used this language simply, solemnly, deliberately." We have no doubt that Dr. Jelf's purpose was to furnish himself with a document which might reassure the council of King's College. Probably, as Cap- tain Maurice hints, and as his father seems to have thought, it would have been wiser to treat tho slanders of the theological press with absolute contempt. At the same time it must be borne in mind that Dr. Jelf had to fight the battles of his staff with a council whose working members were often timid and habitually ill-informed. It was difficult to reassure alarmists unless the principal had documentary evidence in his hands to which he could appeal We may pause for a moment at this point before describing how the storm burst, for which there is no space in this article, to review Maurice's characteristics as a lecturer. Captain Maurice quotes at length from the impressions of Canon Farrar, who is a very competent, but a very partial witness. Canon Farrar says : — " I never in my life at- tended any history lectures which dealt so little with facts." He says again "These lectures often soared high above our heads, but even when we were wholly unable to follow and understand we felt that we were listen ing to one whose thoughts were grand and good, and one who, even when he did nothing more, at least inspired us with a lifelong sense that history was one of the grandest of human studies." These are the admissions of a disciple who is loath to confess that his master had any human imperfections. The plain fact, we think, is that Maurice was not successful as a mere lecturer. He was a bad disciplin arian ; he assumed the possession of more knowledge in his pupils than they could pos- sibly have ; and he habitually lectured over their heads. Neither are we quite sure that his thoughts were as free as Canon Farrar or Captain Maurice seems to suppose from misti ness and obscurity. A man who sees a moral meaning in everything is very liable to take facts out of their natural grouping. In one of his published works Maurice has transformed Savigny's doc trine that the Roman State was based on the family into tho teaching that the Roman peo ple had tho sense of a great Fatherhood. To most men tho doctrine of tho father's authority (patria potestas ) is nothing more than a neces sary stage in tho evolution of a society, and the Roman father's relations to his son have more about them of the tribal chief than of divine Fatherhood. Certainly if there he a tran scendental sense in which this teaching is true, we do not think Maurice ever cleared it up ; and a teacher who is perpetually handling remote and unexplained analogies cannot be called lucid. What really differentiated Maurice's teaching from that of every other man were the personal love and veneration that he in spired. Johnson said of Burke that no one could spend ten minutes under an archway with him without having cause to say, " this is a very remarkable man." In tho same way tho most careless of Maurice's pupils came daily to feel that he was wise and good be yond ordinary men. They took his teaching in the most various way. A list of his disci ples would embrace almost every form of faith and unbelief. What all agreed in was that a thought derived from Maurice must at least have some moral significance to recommend it, and that the religion which filled Maurice's life could not be outworn or dead while he was alive. 