FATHER FOGARTY FRONT TEETH. - You don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Regan, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hostelrie in Beechworth, one cold dirty night last June. The day a been a wild and stormy one, as is frequently the case in winter in that elevated locality, and wo, a party of five, -were glad to be sheltered within the house, listening to the wind that came in shrieking gusta round the corners, and the heavy swish and patter of the rain on the window panes. in accord with the character of the night, the conversation had taken a dismal and dreary tone, about accidents, murders, bushranging, and the like, and had at last drifted off into the subject of disembodied spirits. Someone, I forgot whom had avowed his thorough disbelief in such rubbish, as he called it. Hence Host Regan's question. " I, for one, don't," I said. I don't believe a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor any of the crew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant Killer of Little Red Riding Hood, '* Well, now," said Hoot Bogan, emitting a contemplative whiff, " I'm not so certain about. To be sure I never seen a ghost myself, but I've known them as has, or said they had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to tell us it was all nonsense, but my old granny, rest her sowl, said Many's the time she heard the screech of the banshee, and seen her too was, a woman in white, wringing her hands, that faded away like the mist. I couldn't say for earth n, but if it wasn't a ghost or a spirit that was in Father Fogarty's front teeth, what was it is" "Father Fogarty's front teeth," we ejaculated in surprise. " Ah, may be ye never heard the story. It was a most mysterious affair, but I'll tell it ye" And so Host Regan, it he was a droll fun-loving Irishman, ceremoniously re- filled his pipe, and, not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told as the story of Father Fogarty's front teeth. " It was a good many years ago when I was on the Rocky River diggings in New South Wales. This was the rough times, and many and many's the devil's own ructions I seen on that same Rocky River. It was about 1856 when I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred men on the field. It was alluvial sinking, shafts and tunnels mostly. Well, some of' the diggers was quiet enough, but some was the devil's own boys entirely. " There was a party of my own countrymen, barren they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, working' at a place down the river called Kennedy Creek, about 30 of them there were, and at another place called Mount Welsh, on the other side of the Post Office Gully, was about as many Ulster min from Donegal. _" These had all seen out in the same ship, and had got quarrelling on board, and if it wasn't that the captain had keep 'em below turn about, the re"d have' been murder aboard and worse. Anyhow there they were, about a couple of miles apart, and keep' up the black blood feud brochure 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of us who wanted pace and quietness, and keep' 'em down by sheer strength of numbers, there has-been no living' there. Even then I doubt if we'd have been able to keep order if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty " Oh, Father Fogarty, yo wor a jewel of a private entirely. Father Fogarty was the clergyman of the district', stationed at Armidale, but most of his time he spent on the diggings, by reason of having to move about from one place to another on the river, about 35 miles in all. He was a tall burly man, with the reddest nose I ever seen on mortal man, and two black eyes as bowls as a hawk's. Ho keen to keep order on the field, and, by the hokey, he done it. He preached pace and goodwill amongst us, and he practised it with a horsewhip. He was kind and patient wid us all-till his eyes began to glisten, and his red nose to twitch, and then, taro and ages, but it was look out for squalls. We were all, every man Jack of the seven hundred of us rough diggers, nfeardofhim, Irish, English, and Scotch alike. Held the soft word and the civil word for everybody, until he was put out, and then-philliloo 1 He'd a heart as soft as butter, and a fist like a horse's hoof. He'd tell us our duty in a way would bring the water into our eyes, and persuade us to do it with a thick stick. To the sick or the struck: man he was a lamb to the idle, the desolate, and the blasphemer, a raging lion. ' Shawn Brady avick,' I heard him say one day to a big Galway fellow that was always quarrelling and fighting, ' come here till I spoke to you What's all this I hear about you I You've not been sober for a week, fighting' and creating' a cooking day and night all the time, and the language you use ! Holy Bridget, it's attire oious. What have you to say for yourself ? ' Brady stood sheepishly fingering the brim of his canteen, and muttered something about having the drop in " 2 The drop in is it 1 The damp in he roared, ' it's the drop that'll lade yer soul to eternal perdition, yo gourmand, yo Omadhaun and you not done a stroke of work since last washing' up, and your old father and mother at Oran more without the bite or the sup for all you care, you undutiful, by red- headed vagabond. I know ye. By this and by that I'll put the cross because us, and thrash you till your four bones ache. Down on your knees, sir, and promise your pastor to conduct yourself like a decent boy, or by the martial, I'll do what I say ; and Brandy done, it, and then sneaked away like a whipped hound. Still for all he ruled UB, as one might say, at the point of his Bhillolagh ; it would be a bad day for any one who had laid a finger on him, or insulted him, if we got to hear of it. Not that he couldn't take his own own part, and would too, if necessary. The bully of the camp at the time was a great big lankie, who'd been a collier, and who was a perfect giant in strength and brutality. One day Father Fogarty, hearing' a row in the Pick and Shovel, went in, and found the devil's own ructions going on. There was this big fellow had Bill Cross, who kept' the shanty, by the hair, and hammered' him with a pewter pot, bekase he wouldn't give him drink, and two or three others trying' to pull him away. " ' What's this says Father Fogarty ; ' clear out of' this, every mother's son of yo,' pointing' at the same time to the door. The others went, but the Lankie turned round and faced him, still holding' Cross, a little chap, by the hair. " ' Let go the decent man' said Father Fogarty, quietly, but his nose twitching dangerously. ' l " ' Aw'll can do that for the weather,' said the Lankie, with an oath'. ', - " The reply was a stinging out across the cheek with his horsewhip. "The Lankie quitted his hold and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad bull. But the paste wasn't to J be caught last night. The shock was ter- I rible when they met, but what the Lankie had in shrines, Father Fogarty had in Bcoienco. He gave him the inside crook, and the giant went down with a crash that shook the rafters ; thin coolly dragging out the insensible form by the heels, ho shred it into the muddy gutter. 'Tell that blagyard,' he said to some passers by, 'whom he comes to himself, that if he wants any more to come to Father Fogarty.' But it seemed he didn't want any more, for he carefully avoid ed the past for weeks, and was even, after he had left the Rocky, heard to express his admiration for him That cheer Father Fogarty,' he would say, ' hero summat like a passion, he was. By Gow, here the only men at evorgradely fettler Lankie Sam, and chance it.' " As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a holy terror, of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and it was a Bofght worth worth lookin' at to see sometimes on a Monday, for he'd generally come from Armidale on a Monday, when a lot of the fellows who hadn't turned to would be drinking, an' rising a rookawn in the camp, would see his bony white horse coming' over the rise. This word wa> viz in a minute, and you'd dio laughing' to see a score or two of big, brawny fellows rushing' away to their holes like rabbits into their warrens. " How and over, this has nothing to do wid Father Fotarty's front teeth. As I told ye before, there was a party of about SO Tips, working at Kennedy's Creek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter blood became 'em. Well, for one thing or another they'd had bits of scrimmages behind them, but nothing to hurt, be Bide a broken head or so, out early on Saturday morning, Misther White, the warden, and a fine decent man he was, keen to me on the quite, an' air he Regan," sez he I know you're a quite decent, law-abiding' citizen.' 'Its proud man this day to hear you say so, sir,' (if I. * Now,' BAZ he look at hero. The escort has gone to Sydney, and I'm left here with only one constable. I'm infor rumed that the Tips boyant are coming in a body, after washing' up to-day to attack the Donegal man, an' I want you to help me to prevent it.' " But, sir,' as I what would I do to prevent it, and beside that if they want to fight it out let 'em, we'll have no pace till they do, and thin again, I would'nt like to spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of harmless sport as you are Regan,' says he, but this means, bloodshed, murder, robbery, the camp burned over our heads maybe. Will you help me to prevent it' I will, sir, siz, I if you'll tell me how.' Come up to the police camp' six he I'll have a horse saddled for you on the other side of the hill, then tide to Armidale as if the divil was afther ye, and bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith he is worth a whole army of trooper. Bare you horses at uralla, and come in through the bush to the back of the camp, so that nobody '11 see ye. An' may be we'll have some fun yet.' ' I'll go bail we will air,' siz I said I can fancy I see them all scattering' when his riverence red nose is to the fore.' " Well, I went, and soon covered the 12 miles. I found the paste just sittin' down to his breast. '" Save yer riverence,' six I. "Save you kindly,' six he, 'sit down and take a snack.' " But when I could him my arrant, you should have seen him His eyes fairly blazed, his red nose twitched up and down like a jack jumper. '"Oh the blackguards the vagabonds. Afona mon travel, Heaven be behind us and evil if I don't break every bone in their skins. Not a Hit aneen do I care for the best of them. Oh I I'il throunce em. Oh ! the road screaming' thieving' nomad Jiotois. Oh ! the curse of Cromwell-Holy Bridget grant me patience-the poor be- nighted hathons-where's my whip 1 " We were back before noon, having left our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Dangar's lagoon, and done the remaining two miles through the bush, Father Fogarty was ensconced in the police camp unobserved, where I left him fretting and fuming like a caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrilling excuse, I could not help laughing and chuckling to myself, as I pictured to meself the total rout of the contending armies, but wisely said nothing to my mates when they axed me what was I laughing' at, except, ' Wait a bit, maybe you'll see some fun soon.' "At about 2 o'clock we knocked off, and by three the camp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Japs had all come armed with sticks, while in many of their jumpers were bulges that told tales to me of that fearful weapon, the ' ' stone in a stock- ing." " At about 4 o'clock the auction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves, into a body just above the police camp, raised a sudden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their unprepared foes, when the gale opened wide, and out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. " 'Howly mother,' cried someone, it's the private !' " I've heard all that when money lost the battle of Waterloo, he said something in French that nianeB the divil take the hindmost Well, it was just that. Te never seen such a scatther. Up the hill, and down the road, into the bush, and into the river, they liked, with the victorious paste driving' the vanquished army before him, lashing' and dashing' at them for dear life. " ' Ye furthering' thaves 1 yo graceless villains ! yo supporters ! I'll ache you ; I'll excom.-Howly Bidpup ; boy's hats' " But, or that, as he meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, but which hadsthruckhim chance the mouth, knocking out two of his front teeth, and completely puttin' a full stop to his eloquence. " He roared, he yelled, he spat out mouthfuls of blood and teeth, he danced, he tore his hair, he threw down his hat and jumped on it. I never seen a man in such a tearing' rage, and what made him ten times worse was that he couldn't talk so as to make himself understood. " ' Oh ! you barbers plumbers, be purp of Pombib-Oh ! oh ! ah 1 ' "I need hardly say the fun was over for that day. Father Fogarty WOJ led back to the police camp um id respectful silence, the opposing forces were routed, but the hero of the day was disabled. " Av course he couldn't performances the next day, as not only was his mouth swollen and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth, rendered him incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon viz to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. But here a new difficulty stood in the way. He positively refused to go. It was bad enough to be laughed at there, but to make himself a laughing-stock to the graceless people of Sydney, he couldn't and he wouldn't. Besides, as he said So peppard plane with wide hip plop.' " ' Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at this time, a dentist, a poor one, but still a dentist came up to Armidale, and to him what Father Fogarty for relief from I MB woes. Now in those days artificial teeth were not so common, especially in such out-of-the-way places as the Rocky River diggings as they are now, and this dentist's business was more in the way of taking' out teeth than putting them in. But the case was urgent, and prompted by the prospect of good pay the dentist undertook to supply the missing incisors. He had no teeth unless he could get them at second hand from some dead body, and that was hardly, practicable, nor had he any ivory to make them of, unless indeed a billiard ball, or, happy thought yea, he. had it. There was a spare pair of dice in the bar of the hotel where he stayed, and of these he would manufacture the teeth. The landlord gave them up to him willingly enough, remarking at the time that they were all that was left by Jack Adams, who had died on the Rocky three months before, and presented a grog score of four pounds three, which Jack ' left owing. ' As the grog score was gone, the dice might as well go after it, and they were loaded anyhow. "But little use as the dice were as dice, they came in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They were cut down, polished, fitted nicely on a gold plate, and once more Father Fogarty re- joiced in perfect white and even front teeth, more white and even to tell the truth, and the originals had been. The dentist was happy, for he had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty was happy, because he could talk and ate once more I like a reasonable Christian, and his parishioners were happy, bekase their pastor was again able to preach to them, or maybe scold them " Now here the story as a matter-of-fact story winds, but here comes in the mysterious part of it. Father Fogarty, worthy man, was not exactly an ascetic. He had always liked his tumbler of punch going to bed, and maybe his drop of whiskey on a cold wet day, a draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubber of a whist, or a hand at spoil five or cribbage 1 Our host meant Sauve qui pent," with a friend in an evening' His language out of the pulpit had occasionally been a little throng, but never such as could well be taken exception to, except by the very fastidious. But now all this was changed. He felt an unaccountable and unconquerable longing which grow stronger and stronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wellington or the Freemasons. Perhaps there was no great barren in that, but when it keep to betting on strokes, making' one at pool, and tal km' the slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Then, again, he seemed to fall unconsciously into the habit of smoking cigars, and even upon, not only there, but in the public streets. He played loo, and once startled the frequenters of a public bar by propoBnrVa little flutter at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it i He couldn't toll He was sorely exercised in his mind. He know quite well what he was doing, and yet for the life of him i he couldn't help it He fought against the infatuation, but it seemed to overmashtor him completely. " But matters grew worse and worse. One Sunday while serving' mass he shears entered his congregation by suddenly announce' that he would back the field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of him, but ere long his flock were still more sohcandaliaed by hearing him i assever with a terrible oath that he would go a level pony on the little chestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congrega- tion viz and left at this sacrilege, and the poor private bowed his head to his pulpit cushions, and wept. Them who remained looked pityingly on their beloved pastor, who afther a purse, ria and said-" My children, you i are astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am, at my strange conduct ; but you must see that I am either gets' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you ovens on either single, or five to one on the double event. Bring in the bones half crown in, and the winner shouts.' " These lust extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as the beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after uttering' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. Men turned pale I with terror, and women I shrieked, some fainted, as rising from his ยก knees he shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, ' And now I'll shake any one in the crowd j for drinks all round. Clearly Father Fogarty was mad stark, staring', raving' mad. Or was it possible that the devil still had power on earth to enter into the human frame and utter blasphemies like those. " He was led to the house by some of his sorrowing flock, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was informing him of the sad occurrence. I " Another clergyman was flint up, but Father Fogarty grow worse. The lan | guage he used was somethin' awful to hear, and the doctors could do nothin' for him. " The heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congreg a tion, for he was well liked by all, were I offered up, but in vain. "He was sensible enough, and poor man, knew well, too well, what he was dead. His heart was bruk. Yes, he was possessed of a devil that would not, and could not be driven but. a " But one day, as he was rampage' as usual, talkin' about horse racing' and cock fighting and gambling', and all kinds of ' sport, and calling for brandy smashed 1 and gin cocktails, and other murdering' drinks, cure, a strange thing happened. Father Forgarty'B front teeth fell out. " In a moment there was a change. " Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, I tearing' aXvearin' reprobate, but the humble, pious, earnest servant of God he had been before his strange attack. " He know what it was. He felt what it was. It was the tooth that done it. They had been made, the dentist confesses it after, out of the dice that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blasphemer, and evil liver on the diggings, and the black soul of the licentious rowdy had, afther his death, haunted the dice, his familiar spirits during his lifetime. " At taste, if it wasn't that," concluded Host Regan, with an air of conviction, what was it 1" We none of us could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that if the story were true there are indeed more things in heaven and earth than even we dreamt of in our philosophy. 