THE POWER OF THE TONGUE. JANUARY 20.—AFTERNOON. Beading, James iii. 1-18. Golden Text, Matt. xii. 37. HIKTS TO THE TEACHES.—The eighteen verses chosen for the lesson contain more matter than can—under ordinary circumstances—be compassed in the time usually allotted to the exercise. It will, we think, be best to start with the Golden Text, and gather round it such parts of James iii. as will serve to work out the subject. The order o£ the lesson might be as follows :— THE IMPORTANCE OF OTJE WORDS, WHICH ARE SPOKEN THOUGHTS. Children repeat the Golden Text. Impress class with fact these are the words of Christ, who will be the Judge, and who will condemn or justify. Show that if the words are to justify, then they must be of 6uch a nature as shall tend to the honour of God and the good of man. Test by this rule what children talk about. THE POWER OF THE TONGUE, DEDUCED BY CONSIDEHA- TION OF THE IMPORTANCE OF LITTLE THINGS. 1\. Bead and explain verse 3. " The bit" a very small thing, compared to size of horse ; yet by it most powerful animal controlled. 2\. Question on verse 4. The rudder a very little thing, compared with great ships. The most powerful vessel controlled by pilot, by means of the helm. If rudder in order and in hand of skilful pilot, ship safe. 3\. A spark is fire, therefore a spark may cause the destruction of a house; fire is spreading, and so destructive. Draw out the application of the figures. (а) Verses 2 and 5. Trace out some of the evils which have had their origin in a few words; a slight exaggeration, a thoughtless insinuation, an unkind remark, may make a life-long impression. Hence, though tongue but a, little member, if ungoverned may work much mischief, and so whole life influenced by tongue. (б) A single evil word, like single spark, may cause much suffering. One insinuation against a person's •character, if repeated, is increased, and is like a fire. Make use of any known examples. THE DIFFICULTY OF CONTROLLING THE TONGUE. Notice the fact that the very person who may be able to tame and train wild animals, fierce dogs, etc., is not able to control his own tongue. Reason for this. Animals fear the power of man, and so submit their will to the greater ; while man does not fear God, and so does not submit liis will to his Maker; and so does not control his tongue. Show that on account of this the uncontrolled tongue of the unconverted is deceitful. On Sunday, the tongue is used in school and at church, to sing God's praises. On Monday, same tongue is used to utter bad words, as verses 9,10. By consideration of verses 11, 12, lead the children to realise that what does not occur in nature, should also not be found in morals. GENERAL APPLICATION. 1\. Words are spoken thoughts: if the thoughts be pure, the words will be pure. 2\. Thoughts belong to the spiritual nature: if spirit be purified by Holy Ghost, the fountain will bo clean, and word§ which spring out of fountain will be pure; hence pray for Holy Ghost, and " set a watch over my mouth." If this the case, then by our words we shall be justified. Conclude lesson by repeating text. 