THE Secretary of the Marine Board courteously informs us that he has received a telegram from the Master of the Mimosa, dated Queenscliff, Yesterday (14th) stating that that unfortunate vessel had parted from her moorings and anchors during a gale, and drifted ashore at noon. She was full of water, and was breaking up fast. All hands saved. THE Semaphore By-laws have been approved without alteration. THE Choral Society's concert in the Adelaide Town Hall on Good Friday was a great success. IT is rumored that the Salvation Army purposes the establishment of a light brigade at the Sema phore. NOMINATIONS for the House of Assembly to-day for Sturt, West Torrens, Mount Barker, Light, Burra, Stanley,|Wooroora, Frome, and Newcastle.' Mr. HABT, Edithburgh, has told the local electors that they have committed an inconsistency in returning a brewer and a teetotaller! TICKETS for the Port and Semaphore line are now to be purchased in packets to the number the buyer desires. IT has been arranged that the meeting of the Semaphore Corporation shall be held to-morrow (Wednesday) evening. THE Hindmarsh School Board of Advice is going to recommend a site for a public school at the Grange. THE Border Watch states that the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church at Mount Gambler was this year celebrated by a concert only—a fine substitution for dreary speech-making. ANOTHER brutal assnlt at Sydney. A married woman, aged 26 seized by three men, dragged into a house, dragged, and criminally assaulted with great violence. The prison cat alone meets such ases. Jr. SHAPERA, the former of the wonderful manuscript copy of a portion of the Old Testament, has committed suicide at Rotterdam., Had Exhibited vidences of an unsound mind fOr^jMme time past, WE cannot hold up Adelaide as an example to depraved Melbourne and Sydney in reference to brutal larrikinism. A married woman named McKenzie aged thirty- five has been subjected to an outrage in the stable of the Seven Stars Hotel, city, and arrests have been made of seven larrikinsj the ringleader having escaped for the present. SMALLPOX, says Dr. Yonfl, President of the Victorian Board of Health, incubates in fourteen days. Will that be the period oS detention <?! thfe Rome's passengers now at Torrens Island ? THE Caledonian sports appear to have been mightily successful yesterday. The '' social" in the evening pleasant as it undoubtedly was, would scarce have satisfied Tarn O'fchanter, or his creator, Burns, THESE was an Easter tea and an Easter tree at the Semaphore Institute Hall yesterday, which were largely patronised; proceeds in aid of the building fund. As he was " getting too old" Wilhelm Mohr, formerly a Danish soldier, and of late employed at the Alma Hotel, near Hamley Briago, deliberately kung himself in the stable. THE election in Albert district has resulted in the return of Messrs. Hardy and Henning, the former polling one vote ahead of the latter. Handyside was not a long way behind. GHOSTS—An old Scotchman attributes the disappearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch whisky on the top of old ale to enable a man to see a ghost really worth feilirjng about. THERE was a report current at the Semaphore on Friday evening that the Rev. D. O'Donnell had that afternoon been drowned at Glenelg. Happily the rumor was untrue, the fact being that the rev. gentleman had had a narrow escape because of fainting whilst in the Glenelg Baths. MPERAY BRIDGE.—A correspondent writes "Our township is extending fast; there are new buildings going up here, there, and everywhere of all kinds &f; material—calico, canvas, wattle and daubj weather-board and substantial stone. There are two butchers' shops, four ifees, two blacksmiths, two shoemakers, one bakes*, We are go far minus of a pub, or wine shop." Picxics.—A compound of rolic, and buns, and lollies engaged the serious attention of teachers and children of some of the larger Port Adelaide, Semaphore, and Alberton, Sunday Schools yesterday, and crowds were conveyed away from their usual haunts. Thus the Congregational went to North Yatala, the Alberton Baptist to Salisbury the Port Wesleyan to Enfield, and the Semaphore toFulham. : The Woodville and Alberton Wesleyan School children were conducted respectively to the Grange and Fulham. ANOTVEBSABIT services in connection with the Semaphore Wesleyan Sunday School were held on Easter Sunday, April 13, a large decorated gallery accommodating teachers, children, and choir. In the morning at 11, the Rev. H. H. Teague preached to a moderately large congregation. In the afternoon, at 3, the Service of Song, " Lost andFound'J (written by Mr. P. Saasom) was given by the choir and children; connective readings by Mr. Josiah Novis. In the evening the Rev. R. Kelly (superintendent of the Port Adelaide and Semaphore circuit) preached to a crowded congregation. Financially and otherwise the services were a suecass. 