CONSECRATION OF THE CHANCEL OF ST. CLEMENTS. ENFIELD. . Tbeceremony of consecrating the chancel of St. Clement's Church, Knfield, was performed by the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Vcn. Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Howell, and the Revs. F. T. Whitington and A G. Raws tome, M.A. on Sunday, May 18. The Church was for some time under the charge of the Rev. J. C. Haynes, assistant master at St. Peter's College, but within the last two or three months it has been transferred to the control of the Home Mission Society which was organized by Bishop Reunion about twelve months ago, eo that it is therefore now under tire charge of the Organizing Chaplain of that Society, the Rev. F. T. Whitington. The chancel, which has just been erected, cost about £100, the larger portion of this amount being provided by Messrs. C. W. and £. Bowman, and the remainder by local contributors. The new structure is twenty feet in length by fifteen feet in width, and it has a handsome window in the centre. The roof has been tastefully painted, and it waa beautifully decorated on Sunday with chry santhemums of various colours, a large white cross being suspended against the centre window. The ceremony was con ducted according to the special form of con secration service in use in the Diocese. The Bishop and the clergywere met at the door of the Church by the Warden (Mr. Brooks), who read and presented to His Lordship, on behalf of the congregation, the petition re questing him to consecrate the chancel, After Bishop Kennion had received the peti tion he advanced up the aisle, preceded by the clergy and the Warden, all repeating the 24tn Psalm. When the Bishop had taken his seat within the communion rails the deeds of the Church and the petition to consecrate were laid upon the holy table, after which Dr. Kennion read the formal address adopted on such occasions explanatory of the object of the service. Special prayers for the consecration were then oflerea, ending with tbe consecration prayer—"God the Father, God tbe Son, God the Holy Ghost, accept, hallow, and bless this place to tbe end wr.creunto we separate it. The Lord with His favour graciously regard our work, and bend down upon this house His spiritual benediction and grace. Amen." Prayers were next given for those who would take part in the various services which would be held in the Church, after which the sentence of consecration was read aloud by the Kegistrar (Mr. A. Stilrcke) and Bigned by the Bishop. His Lobdship then said:—" I declare this Church of St. Clement's, Enfield, to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." Then followed the morning "prayers and the ante communion service. Tne. speoial lesson was 1 Kings viii. 22 to 62, and was read by tbe Rev. Mr. Rawstorne. The second lesson was the 21st chap, of Revela tions, and was read by Canon Howell, who also read the GoBpeL The epistle was read by Archdeacon Marryat, and the prayers by the Rev. F. T. YVhitington. Bishop Kennion then delivered a sermon based upon the fourth and fifth verses of the second chapter of the First Epistle of St. Peter. He pointed out that the consecration service divided itself into three parts—first, the dedication of themselves and their goods to God, represented by the presentation of the deeds of the Church and the laying of them upon the holy table j the second part was the blessing of Almighty God upon their offerings made to Him; and the third part was the consecration of the building andtheproperty for the service of God for ever. From the teaching of the consecration they drew the lesBon of the dedication and the consecration of themselves to God's service as members of the household and the Church of God. At the celebration of the communion, which followed after the sermon, His LordBhip was assisted by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, there beingabout thirty communicants. The collection, which was made in aid ol the Building Fund, amounted to £714s. Id. 