Miscellanea. The London 'Welsh'- ?want, a dub. The London weighers have several. . If a man returns a borrowed umbrella, don t ask if he is honest. Immediately ascertain if he is Bane* ' Mexican editors don't care about an extended cir culation. The fewer subscribers they have the fewer times they ate shot at. ... The pupils attending the London Royal College or Music now number 154. A 'paying' student has arrived recently from Brisbane. Stephen Heller, the celebrated composer of Nwis Blanches,' 'Promenad.es d'un Solitaire,' &0-, has reoeived the Legion of .Honour. ? Having been enveloped ia a garment much too Dig for him, a little boy told Mb fattier that he felt ' awfully lonesome' in his new shirt. - . - Several persons were charged at the Central on Thursday with having no lawful visible means of support, and were sent to prison for various terms. The latest piece of fashionable slang in London is ' slumming.' To ' slum' is to visit poor people_ in poor parts of a city on missions of mercy and charity. According to the Odesa News Sheet, the Jews of that town have appealed to the Senate against the Home Minister'* prohibition of stage plays performed by Jews. . It is said that the recent appointment of the Duke of Edinburgh to the command of the Channel Squad ron will form the subject of an inquiry in the House of Commons. A judge visited a prison the other day and went on the treadmill. This is the first judge who has done .this thing, but not by any means the first who ought to have done it. . One of Webb's marionettes asks another the fol lowing horrible conundrum : — ' What novel of Cbas. Dickens does a Chinaman's pigtail remind you. or? Answer : ' All of a twist !' The House of Commons is dissatisfied with lj dining arrangements. In the dining- room they don't lite the bill of fare, and in the House a good many object to the fare of ' Bill,' Mr. P. W. Gardiner, head-master of the Singleton 1 b^iperior PnT»lio School, is about to leave for Sydney, wnVre he is t d hold the appointment of first assistant in tnV Fort-sureet Public i School. Fo»2s are still ft. source of trouble to the country residents of tlte sldres of Leigh and Bannockbura, in the Geelong d&striot.; The council of theformer shire pays 10s for each 'fox killed in its shire. Pat Tick Coady, «a cabman, was charged before Mr. Abbott at the Cemtral oa Thursday with demanding more thi Mi his legal fare. The case was a very gross one and . defendant was fined £5 and costs. When Gv v-rg& H* ? was told that General Wolfe was quite unfit i'« comni and, and was, in fact a madman, the monarch ^eplie«l. 'M— mad— mad! Wolfe mad! 'Wish he'd bite » Bonw of tte othsr generals !' An English TJobleman has identified himself with an oyster busine «s. In old days nobs were roysterora, now they ate oyt^M rS- Hi'5 lordship has probably Borne experience oi' thti game of ' ehell out.' ' Doctor, my dau ?h:ber seems to be getting blind, and she is jnst getting1 ready for her wedding. What ever will she do ?' ' * * 1 .at her go on by all means ; if anything can open her ^Tes, marriage can. Hew York's Fish Cm lmission has distributed 79,632,000 fish of various sorts snoe it was estab lished in 1869. Of this nui iber o5.B18,000 were shad, and this has been chiefly in the Hwdson Biver. Hanley (England) must h » a nice place for theatri cal folks. Some boys were last week taken into custody and fined for dropping gtagerbeer bottles filled with explosives frost *&« gallery to the pit. It is said that there is ru 'Wolverhampton a certain Mr. George Stephenson, whose pedigree has been traced without doubt to cW of «ieimmed^8 col lateral branches of the fa TOlyof Wilham Shakes peare. . . ? „,, 'Your husband is a staid vman now, is he not r ' asked a former schoolmate ctf her friend ^who had married a man rather noted Jot his fast habits. 'I think bo,' was the reply; 'Tie stayed out very late last night.' „ t „. The charge sheet at the Waiter police court on: Thursday was of the usual character. There was, afterwards a sittin of the licensing' court, at which the magistrates present were Hesters. Marsh, Ad dison, and M'lntosh. The contract for telegraph enveSopas must be a good one to get. K the makers vdxo supply them this year to the British Poat Office maSce a profit of, sixpence per thousand only, the totalfprofit on the' order would be .£600!: A sentimental editor says, It 13 comtdrting to: know that one eye watches fondly for our coming, and looks brighter when we -some.' A contemporary is grieved to learn that his ' brother of the -piiU has a wife with one eye.' . . . ? Bich squatter uncle to his physician: So you think thereis hope for me ?' ' Not only that* but IJ can asBure you that you are out of danger. Very ?well ; I wish you would inform my nephew, bnt break, the news gently to him.' There are youngimen who cannot hold a stem o; thread for their mothers without wincing, but will hold 125 pounds of a neighbouring family for the best, part of the evening with apatience^and docility which, are certainly phenomenal . .?. o. . W. H. Vanderbat, the richest man .in the States, dresses in black broadcloth, and wears high collars of a Gladstocian cut. The only articled adornment is a eeal ring on his left hand finger. He is going over to Europe as usual this spring. Writes a London correspondent: — The«editor or the Moekikg Post will shortly move into his new home, -which has been undergoing extensive renova tion. There, at one time, Lord Byron lived, and in it wrote somo of his most popular -works. Mr. J. K. Abbott took charge of the castes u*the summons court of the Central on Thursday, andlsuc ceeded in getting through a long list by noon. The chargeB were for the most part offences against- the T-ni;no A»t on-1 went nf net nnblic interest. 'Do you ever gamble?' she asked, as they Eai together, her hand held in his. He replied, ' N« ; if I wanted to do so, now undoubtedly would be my time.' ' How so ?' ** Because I hold a beautiful hand.' The engagement is announced. A Bathurst man started economy. He went to bed on Saturday afternoon, and remained there till 9 on Monday 'inorniner. He eays the period thua spent was slightly wanting in fierce excitement, but he never had such a cheap time in his life. A shopkeeper sounds upon the counter a piece of money that a citizen had just given him. ' I do not like to have my money examined bo minutely,' says the customer. ' But the piece might bo counterfeit, sir.' ' Exactly ; that's just the reason.' * The idea of bringim? out a French edition of Marcus Clarke's ' TK« Natural Life ' has been aban doned, as the reader in Paris who was consulted by Messrs. Bentley does not consider the present an opportune time for producing such a work. Herbert Beeves, a son of Sims Beeves, the great English tenor, has made a successful debvt in opera. The MusiCAii Woeld says : — The young tenor sang ?with finished expression, good intonation, and perfect enunciation, and won enthusiastic applause. 'Thereis one thing about babies,' said a recent traveller, '* they never change. We have girls of the period, men of the world.; but the baby ia the same self-possessed, fearleBs, laughing, voracious little heathen in all ages and in all countries.' A singular accident recently occurred in Man chester. Mr. Carmthers, a young Burgeon, was called to see a lady who had been injured by a chimney which fell upon her, and while he tras at tending to her another .chimney fell and killed 'him. ' Mr. Jones',' said little Johnny to that gentle -Bian, who was making an afternoon call, 'can .^whisky talk?' ' No, my child, however can you ask — euch a question!' 'Oh! nothing : only ma said whisky was beginning to tell on you.' John Walker ! According to the Western Dajxt Mebcttrt a number of ladies have formed themselves into a Vigilance Association 'for the purpose of treating young persons of both sexes whom they happen to observe about the streets or i-iymouwi alter oarK. The American papers have a strange story of a fearful nondescript beast, 3ft long and 4ft 6ih high, which burrows into graves, penetrates coffinB, and devours the contents thereof. It travels with each rapidity that hitherto all attempts to capture it have failed. In reply to a request for assistance in obtaining the abolition of Snnday labour in the ironworking dis tricts, the Archbishop of York says that the subject was discussed many years ago, and that he will have great pleasure in finding such a reduction- of labour possible. Dr. Jacobson, the retiring Bishop of Chester, started in life as e. Methodist minister, and he once preached ' on approbation' before the congregation of a chapel at Norwich, Like many other Methodist preachers, he yearned for money, and he ' went for' it by turning renegade. A very considerable hotelkeeper at Geelong, ad vertising bis ' Burton XXXX,' concludes the ad vertisement in the following manner: 'N.B. — Parties drinking more than four glasses of this potent beverage at one sitting carefully sent home gratis ia a wheelbarrow, if required.'' In a little restaurant t One of the regular custo mers offers the cook a large hair ring as an Easter gift. 'A ring made Of your hair!' cried the astonished cook. ' No, Josephine, they are yours ; I have picked them out of the soups that you have served us during the past year.' In all probability the tents at the Windsor encamp mwit would have been struck on Wednesday if they bad not been eo damp. It was considered advisable to leave them until Thursday, when they will be etrook and packed, and brought on to Sydney in charge of a party of the Permanent Artillery. Says Melbourne Potnch j— Henry George, the Socialist, seems to be on the right track after alL He would confiscate all property, and this would, after paying for the expenses of government, enable him to pay U porwoek to every person in the United King, dtffcr. If this wouldn't stop poverty and make everybody rfeb sn&'&app; *sd contented it would be j diSonlttoknowrha^wonld. A -well-known lion-tamer quarrelled with his wife, a powerful virago, and was chased by her all around Us tent. On being sorely pressed he took refuge in the cage among the lions. 'Oh, you contemptible coward !' she shouted, ' Come out, if you dare !' In a certain theatre the other night there were only seven persons in the house. The pit took offence at the miserable acting of a performer, and hissed him energetically; whereupon the manager brought his company on the stage and out-hissed the audience. An ingenious individual has hit upon a scheme whereby he exceofcs to make a fortune. He will ad vertise largely; 'for half a crown I will disclose a plan whereby halfpenny postage stamps can be made to do the work of penny ones.' His plan is per fectly simple, and cannot fail. Use two of them. The phylloxera is making great havoc in the vine yards on the Donro, Portugal, where the crop of last year is alleged to be deficient by 40,000 pipes. Many of the cultivators are said to be abandoning their holdings in despair, and emigrating to Brazil, .Couldn't some of them be secured for Australia? A report that 'Princess Ida' has attained but moderate sucoess wilh the public is authoritatively contradicted. In point of fact/ more money has been taken, it is announced, at the Savoy theatre since the first night than was received during the correspond ing period under the reign of either ' Patience' or 'Iolanthe.' Lord Tennyson has written a letter to say that of all the congratulations which have reached him, he appreciates the most a letter from Susan Somebody, an old servant. Very charming, and just the sort of thing a poet would do ; but why is the letter pub lished in the daily Press? Did Lord Tennyson send it, or did Susan f The Australian aborigines who were taken to America to exhibit the use of the boomerang have given several successful performances. Though wearing overcoats, owing to the severe weather, they suoeseded in whirling the boomerang round a circle of 200 yards. t They are expected to give exhibitions of their skill in England. ' Doctor,' eaid a man to his physician, who had just presented a bill for £5 for treatment during- a recent illness, ' I have not much ready money. Will you not take this out in trade?' ' Oh, yes,' cheer fully answered the doctor, 'I think we can arrange that. But what is your.business ?' ' I am ajcornet playor,' was the startling reply. The latest addition to the attractions of St. Paul's Cathedral, London, is &n; entablature, bearing this inscription. It has the merit of brevity, if it is somewhat enigmatical ; but it requires, among other matters, a little punctuation: — 'In memory of Charles Eobert CookereU EA. surveyor to this Cathe dral and of Ann Maria his wife.' (!) A correspondent writes to the Pall Hall Gazet*e : — The following seems to me very beauti ful, as showing the general feeling of Conservatives to Mr. Gladstone. I had just seen Mr. Gladstone walk down to the House to-day (Friday), when a well dressed man by me said to a lady who was with him, ' That* s always one of his dodges — to walk ! !' Bishop Burnet's absence of mind is well known. Dining with the Duchess of Marlborough after her husband's disgrace, he compared the great general to B^lisarius. ' But,' said the duchess eagerly, 'how came it that such a man was so miserable and univer sally deserted?' 'Oh, madam,' exclaimed the dis trait prelate, 'he had such a brimstone of a wife.' Mr. Stewart Clark, of the firm of Clark and Co., Anchor Mills, Paisley, has been elected M.P. for Paisley in the place of Colonel Holmes, who retired on account of failing .health. Mr. Clark was opposed by Lord Ernest Hamilton, a son of the Dnke of Abercorn, but defeated the Conservative candidate by 1243, the votes being— Clark, 3049; Hamilton, 1806. Henry George occupied the pulpit of the Rev David Macrae in Dundee on a recent Sunday night, and delivered a powerful lecture on Moses and Mosaic institutions to a congregation of over 2000 persona, many others being unable to gain admittance. The lecturer traced the misery and unrest of the present day to an ignoring of the spirit of Mosaic institu tions. During the voyage of the Australian cricketers from Adelaide to Albany, Harry Scott, the Melbourne ' colfc,' practised so assiduously on the penny whistle that his confreres waited upon Mm, and told him that either he or the whistle must go overboard. As Scott wished to make ' bi? average1' in merrie England, he consigned the whistle to Davy Jones's locker. A friend once 'met Sydney Smith in Brighton, where he had gone to reduce himself by the use of certain baths in vogue in those days. He was struck by the decrease of Sydney's size, and said ' You are oertainly thinner than when I saw you last.' ' Yes,' said he, ' I have only been 10 days here, but they have soraped enough off me already to make a curate.' Dr. W. C. Bennett's new publication, The Lass, is soaring higher and higher in circulation. The Febrnary number contained sixteen pages of excel lently-assorted poetry, including a short translation from Schiller by the Premier. The editor of The Laek is very fortunate in securing permission to use Copyright poems. Publishers, usually obdurate, are in his case, it would seem, most obligingly kind. At the Grand Hotel, Paris, lately, a lady, rather excited, hastened ' down to the ' counting-house,' and asked hurriedly of one of those small, tight clad boys who are on duty in that precinct, 'Have yon. the emall-pox in the house?' The boy, who ''perfectly understands English,' replied, ' Kb ; but we expect it every minute, and when it arrives I will send it up to the chamber of madame.' A reporter heard a skilled vocalist sing, ' Wait till the Clouds Boll By.' She rendered it : Wall tai the cl&w; raw baw Jawy ; W«li tali the daw raw baw ; Jawy, ma aw traw law wan, 'Wah taw the claw raw baw. And then Bhe smiled so sweetly and broadly over the well-merited applause that the corners of her mouth held a sociable on the baok of her neck. Says ' Atlas ' in the London Woeld : A friend of mine, a baronet, who is a colonel in the army, a D.L., and a J.P., whose district is under the Crimes Act, forwards me a receipt in his favour for 4s 5 Jd, being his share of the compensation paid to Kate Fitzgerald, for having had her hair cut off by 'Moonlighters;' and he aeks me whether, though strictly just, there is not in it an element of the ludicrous. I think there ia. ' Now, then, ma'am, please look steadily at this place on the wall,' said a photographer to good old Aunt Betsy_, when ho had put her in position and the plate in the camera. The dear old lady looked hard from the designated spot from her seat, then got up and walked across the floor, minutely, inspected it, and then turning round to the photo grapher, gently remarked, ' I don't see anything there.' A. Patchett Martin's recent article in 'Temple Bar ' on Adam Lindsay Gordon caused numerous inquiries to be made for further particulars respect ing the life of the unfortunate Australian poet. A lady who was a fellow-passenger of Gordon's on the voyage to Australia has sent Mr. Martin a copy of a poem which he wrote in her album, and it was to appear in the April number of ' Temple Bar ' for the first time. There is story going the round of society that Miss Forteacue herself heartlessly jilted a former lover for the Bake of a prospective coronet. This revengeful youth has ranged himself on his rival's side, and is prepared to go into court with the faithless lady's correspondence, and thus show that she has lets claim on the sympathy of the public than ehe would have it appsar. No wonder Garmoyle has gone off to Egypt with a gumboil I The Queen has granted. Sir Eichard Owen, the eminent naturalist, another .£100 per annum to the .£100 he is already enjoying. Four pounds a week is the wealth Sir Biohard is now rolling in ! If he were to come out to Sydney ; what a tremendous reception he would get. Why, there wonld be at least a half dozen persons to meet him, perhaps more. And if he was to give an exhibition of his skill, what a rush there would be for places. An ill-natured correspondent says that an Ameri can girlnow travelling in Europe can blush when she pleases, even when she has a quarter of en inch of toilet cream and powder on her face. ' She does it . somehow,' fie says, ' by drawing in her breath.' She can also hold a diamond just poised on the edge : of her lower eyelid for five minutes. Naturally, hav ing abilities of this kind, she exercises them, and ? counts ker victims by the score.! ; A rude shock to spiritualism has just been given in ; Vienna. It appears that two Austrian archdukes, having nothing particular to do, amused themselves ' and a salect party of friends the other evening by TinmanR-ing- a spiritualist meaium. w mie ine august company was shuddering at the apparition of a blue ghost,' the doors were suddenly closed and the gas turned on, showing the uncanny spectre to be so other than the medium himself. Mr. Forster, speaking at the distribution of prizes to the Tower Hamlets Volunteers, Wbitechapel, en larged tcpon the social advantages of the volunteer movement in affording physical exercise, outdoor recreation* and healthy occupation. The volunteer movement has been a reality and nob a sham, and has gone on increasing year by. year in numbers and effi ciency. Without;the volunteers he believes that either the army must have been largely inoreased or Eng land would have had conscription. A gentleman in a street car, while reading a news paper, discovered a paragraph tbat^Btruck him as )ftrtionlaTly funny. Here is something good,' said te to his neighbour, and he read the item to him. A tired look swept over the gentleman's face, but he never smiled. ' Presently the reader came aoross another paragraph that tickled his fancy. ' I will try him with this one,' he said. He did so, and a tear actually welled out of his neighbour's eye and coursed slowly down his cheek. ' Heavens, man 1 ' was the exclamation, 'what's the matter with you? Have you no sense of humour? What do yon do to pass away the time, anyway ? ' Looking mournfully ut of the *rind--v, the stranger replied; 'I am* Jstoof- aj6ade7 ro« comic weekly.' . A 12 days' gospel temperance mission was lately held in Uxbridge with most remarkable results, nearly 300 pledges havimg been taken on the first three nights. Among the converts was the landlord of one of the principal public- houses in the town, who has donned the blue ribbon and decked his bar and window with the same colour. The speakers in cluded Lord Claud Hamilton, Mr. Arthur Pease, M.P., and Canon Leigh. It is generally conceded that Gladstone has done a graoef ul act in offering from the Civil List a gift of J65O0 for Mrs. Roebuck, with the useful proviso that .£1500 additional shall be raised. There should be no difficulty in doing this, as 'Old Tear' em.' while alive, had some extravagant admirers. What is pleasant to see is the statesman whom Roebuck missed no opportunity of reviling coming forward with the initiative in the work. A Melbourne police-sergeant has been aroused of having levied ' black mail.' It seems that he owes a certain constable money, and lately tried to borrow more from the same canny and innocent ' Eobert.' But the latter refused to ' part ;' and the sergeant thereupon brought a charge of drunkeaijess against Ms subordinate. Altogether, there has been a nice ' Howdedoo,' and the Superintendent of Police is now busy investigating the matter. j The large tree which Mr. Gladstone felled in! Hawarden Park on his 74th birthday has been pur chased by a Chester upholsterer, who is converting it ; into ornamental furniture. The tree weigned 4 tons, possessing an average width of 7ft 4in, and contain ing 65 cubic feet of timber. Orders for chairs made of it have been received from Baltimore (America) from the Euncorn Liberal Association, and from several other political organisations. Miss HarrietVay has unquestionably convicted the editor of the London Spectator of extraordinary carelessness. He appears to have reoeived two copies of Miss Jay's last book, and to have given them to two different peraons. One was excited to anger; the other was gratified. But the odd thing is that the editor cannot read bis own paper, or he would never have allowed the friendly review to ap pear a few weeks after the other critic had exhausted, in the columns of the Spectator, the language of condemnation. Miss Jay scores heavily. Mr. Eobinson Locke, the successor of Major Jones as United States Consul for the North of England, is the eon of a well-known American humorist. During the great struggle between North and South, the papers of Petroleum Vesuvius Nasby were among the few matters that contributed to the mirth of the people in that gloomy time. This curious nom de plume was chosen by Mi. Locko, the elder, who was then, and Etill is, the proprietor of one of the best known papers in America, the Toledo Blade. Says a writer in London Tbttth : — I once came across an aged physician at New London, in the United States. I asked him why he lived there. He said that he had visited graveyards in all parts of the world, and noted the average age of death. Having found that the average was highest in New London, anl being desirous of inhabiting this planet As long as possible, he bad taken -up his abode there. The only real test of the salubrity of a district is its death-rate ; all else is mere interested theory Thus the London Woeld : — Beeently at Exeter, Sir Stafford Northcote attempted verse ; now in re mote Lincolnshire is Sir John Astley sporting with the Muses. ' The Mats,' indeed, scorns the humble oouplet, and (to carry on Sydney Smith's metaphor) | has been happily delivered of ' triplets.' ' Listen to the Grand Old Man : If lie gets plenty of jam, He don't care a ? .' Surely here, if ever there was one, is a case for the Onnpn*R Vinmif.v 1 The Melbourne Age says of Lord Normanby, the ? 'retiring' Governor of Victoria: — He is not a man I whose force of character or intellectual capacity could ever have raised him to a prominent position, if he had not possessed strong family claims on the governing1 classes. He has been one of those men whom Dante described, who lived without infamy and without distinction. As the mayor of a city he would have been a euocess, as Governor of a groat colony he leaves the impression of being rather an ignoble representative of English royalty. In his speech in Glasgow the other day, on the Australian colonies, Sir 'Enry fiaid : — The Roman Catholics of New South Wales refused to accept non sectarian schools, and supported their own. He had incurred no small amount of hostility from Eoman Catholics for his work in connection with this school system ; so much so, that they contrived to beat him in his last election for Sydney. (A laugh.) But he was a member of Parliament. He lost his election on Thursday, and on the Monday following he was elected without opposition to the first seat which was - vacant. (Hear, hear.)' Messrs. Field and Tuer. of London, have followed up the publication of 'Don't' with 'You Shouldn't,' which, is sure to enjoy considerable popularity. A conple of extracts will show, however, that ' You Shouldn't' shouldn't be taken too seri ously. When you are dining out : ' You shouldn't trouble to use a clean knife in carving yourself some bread. The knife will clean itself on the loaf.' When you are making an afternoon call, 'You shouldn't negleot to shake hands effusively -with everybody present. Let it be plainly Seen thai you are not stuck up.' When a uhinaraan, with the aid of a microscope, discovers that a fat caterpillar is suffering from sick ness and nervous debility, owing to the attacks of an infinitesimal fungus, the discovery may seem at first important to the caterpillar, but of little moment to anyone else. The caterpillar, however, is the silk worm of commerce, and the Chinaman's discovery may mean ut no distant date one-third o£ the silk supply of Europe will be lost. The Duchess of Marl borough's indigestion once altered the pap of Europe, but ihia caterpillar's stomach-ache is a still more serious matter. Two scientific investigators — one Swiss and the other French — have been analysing the Alpine air. They ascertained that entirely pure air is not found until an altitude is reached of from 6000ft to 13,000ft above the level of the sea. The atmosphere round the Likes below that level, however pure and health ful apparently, was found to contain bacteria. Nevertheless, it was found pure enough by com parison with that of the French capital, where the bacteria contained Un a 'square ifoot of air aro 7000 times more numerous than those of the same quan tity of air in one of the Swiss valleys. The bill promoted by the corporation of London for continuing for a further limited period its in finitesimal duty on corn for the purpose of preserving the Alexandria-park, and forming a park at Kilburn for the orowded population of the north-\?est of London, was read a second time in the House of Com mons without opposition. There can be but little doubt, if the support of the Government be given to it, that the measure will become law very shortly, and bo enable the corporation to continue the work it has carried on for 10 years for the good of the whole metropolis. Stockings. — Sydney belle— 'Did you get any presents ?' Melbourne belle — ' Oh, yes ; my stock ing was f ulL Brother Jack tried to play a* joke on me by putting a mouse in the foot, but there was not room enough for the poor little thing there and it emother ed. Did you find your stocking well filled ?' ' S.B. — ' I should eay so. There was a set of dishes, a box of jewellery, and a sealskin sacque, in mine, but what do you think my brother did ? He put an English pug dog in the foot.' M.B. — 'Mercy! Didn't it smother ? S.B.~-' Oh, dear no. I didn't discover it until it began to snap and bark when I was putting the stocking on.' Considerable excitement has been caused at Aston, near Birmingham, by the elopement of a prepossess ing young lady (until recently employed as a barmaid) with a well-known Birmingham ?mannfaoturer. The. girl had -been engaged to the manufacturer's brother William, from whom she had accepted many pre sents, but although the wedding had been spoken of, she showed a strange preference for the elder of the two men, who is considerably her senior, and has a wife and family. The two have disappeared, and are eaid to have sailed from Liverpool for America. Much sympathy is expressed for the deserted wife of the runaway. The extraordinary spectacle presented lately in the Dublin Landed Estates Court of apeer of the realm appearing as his own advocate is explained by the Earl of Leitrim in a letter to the Dublin lawyers. His lordship denies that he mistrusted his own legal advisers, and says that he was pro fessionally advised to appear himself. He accused the Board of Trinity College with acting dishonestly and dishonourably toward him as their tenant in bwisting the law . to their own advantage. He challenges them to bring aa action for libel against him, and then he will meet their counsel with counsel. He -denies that he was excited in court. The following incident of the Soudan campaign is given by a correspondent of the DAitT News, writing from Trinkitat :— A young Arab spy was dis covered outside our camp lying qn the sand. Al though only a boy of 15 years, he fought desperately when Burrounded, and wounded one man -with his spear. He was himself bayoneted, and is not ex pected to recover. His gallant behaviour excited the admiration of the entire force. When asked it he wanted anything, he replied, ' Let me epear one Egyptian before I die.' This is a good example of the spirit animating the people whom we are going to fight with our inferior troops. Samuel Spicer, a sergeant-major in the Salvation Army, has been charged in the Birkenhead police court with having interfered .with the passengers on board a Tranmere ferry-boat plying between Birken head and Liverpool. Lately among the passengers there ohanced to be two Boman Catholic priests, and Spicer went upon the upper deok, and, to the annoy ance of these gentlemen, began haranguing the other pasaeagere, saying, ' My brothers, I love you. Did Almighty God order me to confess my sins to » BomiBh priest? No, I confess my sins to Almighty God himself.' He was fined 20s with costs. The money was paid, and as he left the courtbe erclaimed, ' Good morning all, and God bless yon,' . ,. 