Jn another column wo publish a very sensible letter from a very shrewd ob server of affairs iu New South Wales, who confirms every word that we have written about the apathy, stagnation and indifferentism which has boen for a long time the one distinguishing characteristic of public life in that colony. Tho writer does not remind us in as many words that its leading statesman, Sir Henry Parlces, went into Parliament for tho espress purpose of getting a particular railway for his constituent,?, and left it iu a storm of rago and disappointment when ho Jailed to get it ; but wo quite understand what lie means when ho saya that all the measures of successive Go vernments, railway bills and land bills, are carefully and systematically devised to put monoy into tha pockets of the needy and seedy regiment of schemers, log- rollers and waiters-ou-Providence which tha Ministerial recruiting sergeant can press into tho servico of his employers. Mr. Stuart's land bill he declares to be only a sham, while the Gscal policy of the country is worked in tho interests of the importers, who have no stake in the community, and no higher aspiration than to carry ont Sir John Kobertson's dream, of throwing open its ports "to the goods " of the grand old mother country." That a public man of Sir John llobcrt- son's standing should have dared to make a public avowal of such a policy strikes us as ono of the most deplor able signs of that utter lack of public spirit which is tho principal theinc of onr correspondent's let ter. We do not bolieve that such a sentiment was ever hoard from tho lips of tho boldest free-trader in Victoria, whose selfishness has always been tempered with caution, and who, to do the class justice, have always shrunk from identifying their theories with open unpatriotism. Onr correspondent looks to the time when the old school of politicians shall bo displaced by thoso of the soil, an-.> believes that that time is rapidly approaching. Wo know that such a transfer of power has taken place in Victoria, and that what we may call a distinctive national policy has sprung into being simultaneously with it Nothing is more reasonable than to hope that the same cause will produce the samo effect in Now South Wales ; but in tho meantime these transforma tions do not occur in a moment or by a single general election. The struggle in Victoria has been lengthy and severe. Twenty years havo not been too long for her to get rid of the squatter's nomiuees and tho hangers on of the clubs and auction marts, who during that time may be . aid to havo had tho adminis tration of public affairs in their hands. Kvery Liberal in New South Wales knows the terrible crises through which this colony has passed, how it brought us to the verge of revolution | before it could get rid of the domination, Iir3t of the importing interest, aud next of the territorial interest. These interests are very powerful, and die hard ; and their power Las been consolidated in New South Wales by the crussa i'jnw.tniia and tho crarsa negUgettfia of ! its statesmen and politicians. Sir John ilobertson is a shrewd man, but an ignorant one compared with the more cultivated yir Henry Carkes, whose faculties for intrigue Lave been devoted to blinding the eyes of his countrymen, and keeping i i theni qniet by an extravagance of ex penditure that, according to his own impudent confession, has bronght them to tho brink of a great financial disaster. That New South Wales must pass through the samo crises, or something like them, seems inevitable, and tho besr. way to meet the straggle is to be pre pared for it. Popular agitation is still, as of yore, the surest remedy for popular grievances amongst Englishmen ; nnd wo cannot do better than advise the classes which are to all intents and pur poses unrepresented or misrepresented in tho Sydney Legislature to remember that tho issue has to bo decided at the registration offices, and that a solid vote on polling day may completely change the aspect of things. In May, 1ST 7, such a vote worked a silont re volution in Victoria, when tho ter ritorial party were beaten never to hold up their heads again, and when a really national policy was inaugurated, dating from tbatsplendid Liberal triumph. Since that date Conservatism has been trans figured so that its own friends scarcely recognise it ; and at this moment the Conservative lamb is lying down by the side of the Liberal lion, without a bleat of remonstrance or regret. This feat remains to be imitated on tho other side of the Murray, and with the same tactics. A Liberal public opinion must first be created, and the party which grows ont of it must be educated up to their responsibilities by private and pub lic discussion, by public meetings, and, abovo all, by tho formation of leagues, which shall be so many centres of political activity to thoir affiliated districts, and whose main busi ness must be to disseminate useful in formation, to act as vigilance committees upon their representatives, and to pro mote a combination of tho classes who havo most to gain by their operations, namely, tho farmer, tho free selector, the mechanic and the denizen of the towns. Nothing but tho union of the masses will be ablo to cope with the free-traders and the territorialists, andtho powerful body of foreign capitalists and employers' of labor, that are joined in a conspiracy of self interest to defeat every plan for tho liberalisation of tho land laws, and for shutting out tho goods of Manchester, Paris and Berlin. Students of Gibbon will not require to be told how tho ecclesiastical world has been distracted from time to time by controversies as grotesque, as bloody, and as devoid of any human interest as that which raged between the people who broke their eggs at tho big end and the people who broke them at the littlo one — of the latter of whom, says tho in imitable satirist, no fewer than 45,000 perished in tho struggle. That such con troversies should occur again at this period of the earth's history is happily improbable ; still, readers of tho current number of the Church of Eng land Jllt'ss.nger will see that there is still room for a Swift or a Butler to laugh the race out of some of tho cere monial absurdities that still cling to it under the name and guise of religious observances. Some Pharisee of the Pharisees appears to have made the dis covery that the old familiar habit of turning to the oast, which is still culti vated in soma Churchy circles during tho repetition of the Apostles' Creed, is a mistake ; and that a really orthodox Christian will take care to face the Holy Land. If this map-orthodoxy is correct, Melbourne churchgoers are told that " they will have to look towards " the north-west when repeating tho " creed, and not towards tho east end unlc 13 the axis of the optth's rota tion can bo shifted to meet the new viuvq we suppose that tho Cathedral should be pulled down and rebuilt by Apostolic rulo and compass, Leaving this column of the Messenger for the one in which it discusses tho case of Mr. VVollaston, the schoolmaskr who was fined for taking part in a religious service in a State school, is like leaving the boat load of spirits in which Charon ferried .-Enoas across the Styx, or quitting for terra j! nu a the shadowy island of Glubdub- ribb, where nothing but the ghosts of departed philosophers and saints waitod at Captain Lemuel Gulliver's dinner table. Wo find ourselves onco more in a territory of thought where we are sure of our footing, where we can talk and argue rationally of things that concern rational beings. And wo aro glad to soe that there is one religious organ in Vic toria which really can be rational on the subject in question. Tho Messenger takes tho same view of Mr.Wollaston's claims to martyrdom as wo ourselves did. It thinks tha regulation of tho department wliich forbids a Stat9 school teacher from teaching religion or religious dogma in any shape or under any pretence arbitrary aud unreasonable — which, of course, is only to be expected : but it also ex presses an opinion which will surprise and disappoint a good many excellent bigots, that " Mr. Wollaston cannot be "justified i'or his deliberate breach of " liis superior's command ; and that ho " has undeniably made himself liable " to punishment ; the mere question " whether tho penalty actually inliieted " was the form of punishment that host " met the offeuee is not ono from tho " discussion of which any advantage " is to bo gained." And then tho j)/ ssrrg--r adds, with considerable subtlety : — " If Mr. Wollaston simply " forgot or misunderstood his "in- " structions, there is an end of tho "martyr theory ; and though L' 5 may " appear a somewhat heavy fine for in- " advertence, there is hardly ground " enough to warrant nil the public scir " that has bean made over tho business." Theso aro as nearly as possible our own words ; and if we err lit is pleasant to think we err with Plato, and with Plato clothed and in his right senses, and no longer a dreamer in cloud-land. 