GEQFFRY STIRLING. Br Mas, LETIH ADAMS. PART IL—CHAPTER VL (Concluded.) AlMft had helped her in so many troubles; she would surely help her now! This terrible stabbing pain in her chest as II every breath she drew were a knife seeking her heart, would pass. Dr. Turtle had come and brought her some new drug to quiet her pais. She was better already, and would £oon fall asleep (but never let go Alicia's fcand), and then wake almost well again. " She must be longing to see Ralph now," thought the Vicar's wife, grave, sweet, helpful, holding that fragile hand in hers, and watching the face where burnt two fever-spots, hot and bright as rose-petals in the son. "Is there anything you want, dear?" she said, noting a little restless movement, and hoping the mother's heart was astir. " Yea"—the word came with a Bob lite that of a grieving child—"yes—to get yell" Poor soull she had never meant to get ill in earnest. . It had been charming, that being never <juite strong, that taking her place in the first and foremost rank with everybody because she "needed so much care." pleasant pastime, too, comparing notes with other sickly women, thinking how much daintier were her invalid robes than theirs; how much more commonplace their symptoms; how lacking in elegance their doctors compared to Dr. Turtle. All thlB had been delightful, and, since •Geoffrey's accession to fortune, had she not played the rdle in a wider sphere, and before » more distinguished audience ? Great ladies had made a pet of Mrs. Geoffrey: wished to experiment upon her «Bse with their favourite nostrums; pitied her for belonging to that interesting army of martyrs, people who are " never welL" (A Jrfnd of martyr that the outer world is much more ready to sympathize with, as a rule, than the members of their own households.) Yea; she had been very happy at Dale End; a great deal too happy to remember when the Vicar brought home his bride to the vicarage, that there must be a certain trial to that patient woman in seeing strangers in her old home, and visiting that home under strange and new conditions. It was Geoffrey Stirling who thought of that; Geoffrey Stirling who treated Alicia with a chivalrous deference when she came to Dale End, a tender, sympathetic reverence, as though she were the chatelaine of the cud manor, and he but a sojourner and Stranger within its gates at her sweet will. Itnad been bitter to her just that once, for she fancied she saw the old "dad" bustling about the dear familiar rooms; she heard those ghosts of sounds never to be heard on earth again, that most of us are fated to listen to at one time or other in our lives—the ghost of a foot- fall; of a voice—of an uttered name. Then her great love for her husband—the never-fading sunshine that his love for her made about her pathway, and in her passionate heart—triumphed over all else; she •visited Stole End without sadness, and, though always loving it "for the old sake's mIta Dot+inrf if a llfMo Innror fllOTl fchtLf lesser home ol her own, where, even in the darkest, dreariest days, there was a sunshine within that knew no waning. Alicia had grown fond of Mrs. Geoffrey, in the same way as she might have grown fond -of a pretty child, and —which was the stranger of the two—Mrs. Geoffrey had grown fond of Alicia; grown to rely upon £er, to look to her—sometimes to be guided by her. As has been already said, the poor lady sever meant to be really ill—that is, not unxomantically, disagreeably so, But, unfortunately, people who constantly play at being a thing, sometimes end in unpremeditated reality. Constant dwelling upon self, lack of lieal thy exercise, having recourse to stimu iating narcotics as antidotes to hysteria, all these things predispose to serious illness, and -a violent cold having settled upon Mrs. •Geoffrey's lungs, the enfeebled system could make no effort to fight againBt the malady. For the first time in her life she found herself confronted with a foe with whom appealing looks availed her less than nothing, Her bewilderment and dismay were touching to see. Geoffrey had anticipated her every -wish—always. Why could he do nothing sow ? Dr. Turtle had met every one of her symptoms all these years most skilfully— *he had told Lady Sinclair so only a week ago—and now. why did he let her go on suffering like this ? Please to fetch Alicia at once; never let Alicia leave her again, even for a moment. The wish was fated to be nearer the truth than she who uttered it imagined. For the end was not far off now, and Alicia was still by her side, holding the little burning hand, moistening the parched and partedlips. Meanwhile, 'out on the long terrace, the two men were pacing slowly up and down In the beautiful dying light of the autumn •day. Winter was near at hand. From russet, and gold, and red, the leaves had turned to brown—shrivelled, died, dropped. Yet Robin sang on a naked bough none the less sweetly than when he piped from a bower of leaves; and a flood of glorious ruddy light made even the bare trees beautiful, while as to the old cedar on the lawn, it looked like a fairy tree (as, indeed, the Vicar always thought it, even when it was Gripping with rain, or peering forth, all blurred and indistinct, from under a shroud Of few). " What an evening for the time of year!" e&id; Geoffrey Stirling, standing a moment to look at the sun-bathed landscape at their feet; " the air is as warm as though it were May instead of close on November." Then he turned sharply on his companion. " Then you think she's better V " I said—easier," replied the Vicar. He was a man who could not drape the truth to give it a fair semblance, and yet his bluntness of speech hurt less than another's kindly prevarication. " Well, easier—that is something. She is •one who cannot bear pain." " She is a person one would fain spare all possible pun, certainly ;and I think Alicia is •a good hand at that." "At what is she not a good hand? Cuth- |>ert Deane, I tell you what it is, that wife of yours is a pearl among women." " A jewel of great price." " It is hard to set a value on such women; they are the salt- of life." " The Psalmist puts it best, Geoffrey far above rubies.'" "Why, she has never left my poor girl since the day she was taken ill I" " She never will leave her—while there is need to stay." Squire Stir line cast a rapid, startled glance at the Vicar. His eyes seemed to flash and scintillate in their deep orbits. " You don't mean—ah, yes, I see, of course —you mean until she is about again." "No, I do not" "You don't mean—you don't think my poor girl Is going to die? Why, it seems a cruel thing even to say the words. It is like speaking of a child, a bird—any unthinking creature that loves the sunshine and the iJeasapt things of life—passing away into He shuddered, drawing his shoulders ether, but still paced on. ~ien he spoke next it was almost as if he were speaking to himself—as if he had forgotten he was not alone. " Death is very awful when it comes home to (me, knocks at one's gates, not one's neighbour's. I don't think I am a coward (if I had been a coward I could not have lived). No, no—not that; but it is awful to think of her, poor, pretty Lucy I" " Still, we cannot always keep even those we love best, and surely to the Christian death ought not to be as the d«or that leads into darkness. I remember even when that poor fellow Gabriel Devenant— What v> it?" The Vicar might well ask. Squire Stirling had Btarted violently, and turned his face towards the house. "You thought you heard some one call? Shall I go and see ? You must have fancied something, you have grown so pale. Sit down on tne seat under the larch, and I will go and see." " No, no, there Is no need. It was a fancy —only a fancyj my nerves are shaken with the long disquiet. What you have said, too, hasbeena shock to me. I did not understand from Turtle's manner that he thought unfavourably of the case." " Turtle's manner is unfortunate, he is [too polished to be candid: and at such times as this candour is helpful." " Yes," answered the other, tossing back the grizzled locks from his brow; " yes, can- -dour is best; but Turtle means well—he jneans well." Both the men were bare- headed, the -warmth of the evening being so exceptional, and they bad strolled out not meaning to •stay. 9 Now, as the clear light fell on Geoffrey Stirling's face, the Vicar noticed, as though it were Bome new thing, brought to his notice, the hollowness of the lines about the brow; the tracery of bine veins just above the temples from which the hair had been but just put back; the strange wax-like transparence of the sensitive nostrils; the cavernous sunken eyes. " How worn he is—how worn !' he thought pi ityingiy ; " and this sorrow so near at hand. H< Tow will he bear it P' " I have been afraid," said Mr. Stirling after a silence broken only by the beat of their measured footsteps, " that she should fisk" Here he hesitated a moment. The Vicar finished the sentence— " For Kalph?" " Yes; and I have asked myself what should I do ? Becauso, you see, Ralph is out of our reach." "You hardly know exactly where he is yourself, do you ?" . . . " Well, no, not to a mile or so," (this with a smile, as he fumbled in the breastpocket of his coat). " His tutor's last letter was from —let me see—here it is; yes from Buffalo, a rimitive sort of place, not far from Niagara. FThe country about here is most interesting; Ralph is debgbted with everything.' Nothing can De more satisfactory, yon see, as far as they are concerned, and they expect to be home by Christinas. They will be starting soon. What is the name of the ship ? Let me 8ee—here it is. the Aladdin, from New York to Liverpool. Bless the lad 1 it will be" Suddenly he faltered in his speech, and laid a heavy band on Cuthbert's arm. " I was going to Bay like sunshine in the old place to see him, but—no—no, if he comes to a sorrowing home, there'll be no jsunshine for me or for nim." "Geoffrey," said the Vicar, speaking with the air of a man who has made up his mind to say a thing, and intends to say it, "you and I are very old friends. We might say things to each other that in other people would seem, well—impertinences, and I should like to say this to you now: I really think you are hard upon your wife, and upon yourself too, in having that boy so much away fron£home." „ "You do—do you?" said Geoffrey, with one of those sharp changes of manner and voice that were characteristic of him. "Yes," replied Cuthbert, watching the half-closed gleaming eyes of his companion, marvelling at such deep disturbance for so slight a thing: " and so does Alicia." "It is very kind of you and of Alicia to put yourselves to so much trouble about my affairs. I ought to be deeply grateful to you both; let us hope—for the sake of human nature—that I am." He laughed, hugging himself, as one who rejoiced in the flavour of a secret jest, cracked with himself. " Let us hope I am—let us hope I am." " I have sometimes wondered too"—began the unperturbed Vicar. " Oh, you have wondered too, as well as thought, have you?" put in Geoffrey, still watching bis companion keenly out of narrowed lids. " Yes I have wondered—we have wondered —that since you evidently (and rightly too, to a reasonable extent, there can be no doubt about that) think travelling good for a young man, you nave not sent Ralph (always with his excellent tutor, of course) to Barbadoes— let Tiim see into the working of the estates there—learn something of business" " Ta! ta! ta!" said Geoffrey, accompanying the exclamation with impatient snapping of his fingers; "what webs of suggestionsyou and the good wife have been weaving. Barbadoes indeed ! What next? Do you think it would refine and educate Master Ralph to let hi™ see my overseer have the niggers whipped ? Would you have the boy spend his time among the cane tracts—eh? No, no; he'll have to give his mind to it all one of these days; but not yet—not yet. Meanwhile I have an excellent agent out there, . and things thrive with me, Cuthbert. I'm a richer man every year. I add land to land, and field to field. Ralph shall be the largest landowner in the county j;et; do you hear that, my friend? Everything I touch turns to gold. No other plantations yield what mine do ; and here at home in England if I take shares in a concern it doubles or trebles its capital in a year. I bear a charmed life, I tell you; a charmed life ; fate itself can't fight against me. As to Ralph, let him be; he's best as he is. I hate a man who is full of narrow-minded insular prejudices. Ralph will never be that. I hate a man that hasn't seen the world. Ralph will never be that. Stay till you see him again; stay till he comes home to keep Christmas with us. You were away last time he was at home—away for one of your "parson's holidays"—you didn't see mm. Ah, Cuththat lit up bis face into an almost unearthly beauty, blotting out all the haggard lines, softening the sinister set of thelips, made the Vicar marvel not a little; but even as he marvelled, all thought of Geoffrey was swept from his mind, save as of one needing instant help and sustaining, for he heard the voice of Alicia his wife calling on her husband's name, and by that voice's sound he knew that Azrael, Angel of Death, had touched a human heart and stilled its beating for ever. "What is it? what is it?" said Geoffrey white, trembling, changed as the winter landscape changes, when a cloud obscures the sun. He spoke in a dull whisper, clinging to Cuthbert's arm; " Lucy has Deen so happy Bince we came to Dale End—like a child with a new toy—it cannot be that she is—dead?" / " Come^" said the Vicar, and led him in, to where Alicia stood with outstretched hands and tender pitying eyes. 