JUmtgemintg. ? THEATRE ROYAL. The production ot " Romeo and J uliet last night at the Royal will be long remembered. It was, in a sense, the complete realization of a poet's dream. For the time we were in old Italy, not in the new world. The ivory curtains reminded us of the gate through whic.h dreams issued in classic Italy. They were the entrance to a Fairy Land, On this side we were in the rom»ntic nineteenth century : beyond n n the footlights there was another world. Quaint market-places, beautiful gardens, venerable cloisters, where holy men ketp vigil, Capulet's garden and the balcony where the old story was being told again, the horror of the tomb, endingJoweand hate and rivalry—all spoke of another world. As staeed now, "Romeo and Juliet" has a worthy setting. To s't and look at the " sermons in stones" which the painters art had delivered were in itself an education. We are not concerned now to engage in the discussion which is ever being raised as to the fitness of elaborate scenery. To us whatever helps the imagination to grasp the reality of the play is a boon, and Shakspeare himself, though his spectacular resources were of the fewest, would surely have welcomed such a perfect picture of his scenes as that presented by the greatest stage manager cf our time. It brings the personages nearer to us. We see them in their habit as they lived. All their surroundings are congruous, and their life is a real thing. The cries of the salesmen in the market - place, the graceful minuet in the nail, the solemn sonnd of the bell as it peals through the monastery, the dawn slowly rising through the latticed windows as the lovers bid farewell, the bright snn pouring in on the dead bride, the ola-world cry of tb? watchmen walking their rounds, and the crowd of mourning kinsmen in the Capulets* last home—all these are helps, vivid touches of the painter's genius whicn enable men of our day to go back into the time which people call the "dark ages," and'from them to learn a lesson which is true for all time. We cannot undertake in a hurried notice to give a description of the beautiful scenery painted for Mr. Irving at great cost by such artists as Hawes Craven, Cuthbert, and Teibin. The whole is a production on whose fame Irving may well rely as his memorial to posterity. The man who devised such poetry of illustration must be more than a great caterer for the public. He has caused Italy to be brought before us—Italy, with the warmth of its brilliant summer, the gorgeousness of its colonring, and the fierce ardour of its children. From the ivorysatin curtains, which fall between the acts, to the hardly-seen pictures on the walls, or the smallest minutiae in the furniture, the scenery is faultless. Last night there occurred occasional hitches, and at times the exclamations and boots of the scene-shifters and the hammers of the carpenters sounded above the voices of the actors: but these drawbacks are only to be expected when an enterrise of such magnitude is entered upon. SInch praise is dueto Messrs. Bragginton and Spellen for the hearty efforts they made to have everything ready, and they are not to be blamed if now and then a border would not come right, or a light was not properly directed. Casual readers of the advertisement-sheets might be pardoned for thinking that the pliy —so far from being "the thing"—was merely the excuse for a display of scenery. Mention was made of "Henry living's magnificent spectacular production, 'Romeo and Juliet,'" and both the author and his human exponents were left out in the cold. TLe audience, however, quickly discovered that there was a J uliet in the cast. Miss Fanny Reid, who last night made her first appearance in Adelaide, is far from being unknown at home. We have had a good many " stars" in Adelaide, whose reputations were made entirely in the provinces. Not so with Miss Reid. She has appeared as Juliet in London, and the best critics have sung her praises. And certainly she looks a very Juliet. Her graceful figure, winsome face, and expressive features, are eloquent of the poetry of passionate love. And being so, Miss Reid was decidedly best in the balcony scene. Quick to resolve, and as quick to carry into execution, it is Juliet who proposes the marriage. She has been struck with the appearance of the stranger in her father's hall, and she is quick to follow him when he draws her aside for their first love passages. And yet she does all this in pure maidenhood. Unlike Romeo, she had never loved before; fancy-free, she had never even thought of loving. Some actresses whom we have seen have been unable to present a pure Juliet. They have invested her abandonment to passion with a meretricious garb which ill suited with the poetry of her naidenhood. But Miss Reid rises above this. With her, as with all lovers of Shakspeare, Juliet is the embodiment of maidenly love linked to a firm resolve. She does not stand on ceremony: " Farewell compliment! Dost thou love me 7 I know thou wilt say • Ay,' And I will take thy word." Her rendering of the line " Stay but a little, I will come again/' was exquisite in the purity of its intimation and expression. So far Miss Reid is excellent. But when the hard tragic scenes come; when she is brought face to face with death, and the grim horror of the tomb is called np before her mind's eye ; further, when she lies beside Romeo's dead body, MIBS Reid fails. Her voice is raised almost to a shriek. This may partly be caused by the smallness of the theatre, but surely at a time like any one of these a nature like Juliet's would not find vent in harsh tones. And worse: when MisB Beid did not raise her voice too high she almost intoned her lines. These two faultB Btrike us as being very serious—perhaps because they were Drought into prominence by the contrast they afforded by the general excellence of her acting. " They alone interfered with the artistic beauty of the drug-taking scene, when she, as it were drove Tybalt's ghost before her, and, previously when she uttered her malediction on the Nurse. On the whole. Miss Reid's impersonation showed a careful study of the text, a knowledge of the traditions of her predecessors, and a distinct appreciation of part at least of the character of Juliet. Mr. Cates' Romeo is not of a bigh order of excellence. He dresses in excellent taste, and has a graceful and prepossessing appearance. He delivers his lines, too, in scholarly manner, and we failed to notice a mistaken accent all through his speeches. Perhaps he, too, is best in the balconv scene, and yet a great deal of the good effect he caused was owing to his appearance and the influence of his Juliet. At best Mr. Cates was but mediocre then, and the same adjective wfll qualify his acting throughout. He favours a curious kind of half-nasal, halfguttural voice which is not natrnal, and is decidedly unpleasant. In the third stage of Romeo's development, when his active love for Juliet had superseded hia morbid hankering after Rosaline and the death of Mercutio had roused his savage passions Mr. Cates' rendering of the speech to Tybalt was weak in its very ferocity. He has much to learn yet; we make no doubt but that he will learn it in time, but at present the fairest judgment on him is contained in the line which he himself speaks ," This is not Borneo, he's some other-where." The next best character Bhould be either Mercutio or the Nurse. Mr. H. N. Douglas played the light and airy Mercutio. We question the wisdom of assigning this part to Mr. Douglas, who is a capable actor in his own line. A chartered libertine, Mercutio carries his freedom of speech and action with a graceful lightness which makes th£ sombre ending of the tragedy stand out m marked contrast He scatters witH cisms and gay fancies with a liberal hand, and dies, as he had lived, with a reckless courage and a ready jest Mr Douglas is all too heavy and solemn a Mercutio. When he wants to be frivolont he speaks eo rapidly that his lines are losiand when he jeste he jests in so unexpresdve a voice that he might be intoning thejgt^T Miss Docy Mamwarings Nurse ^ m T ^ tainly not an unqualified success Tn kTJ earlier scenes with Juliet the bypkv Zl^S' tnn KtH^iod x-nA y seemed- y l a gave a life-like Vepre^utftio^of^i^i^: rence This excellent actor alwa^ rfVe8 a careful and spirited reading of whatever mrt fe&g; ^ the s K ' " Hold h thy l B d desperate e U v e r y 0 hand" 1 was deservedly applauded. Messrs W Braggmgton and Harry Emmet. tWv J ; and Benvolio of thenight] were weS^e^^ particulsJ'mentio'n. ^ ° " & Sir Julius Benedict's d rendered by the orchest^f ^ ably direction of Mr. (jS® C the performance, which closed la»f The 11.30, wiU, we understand in °>* about half an honr earlier s!^ISf *e be a b over the spectators who live i n ' u r those of be able to catch their last tra£| w i U 