TlieVDcsperado and the Puritan; 4bo'ot the year'1851the most influential man' in San; Antonia was an alleged .desperado' named 'Bob'; AijguBtirie.1 ?Bbb;ioa'mo: ^to'Sari' Anftrilo witH'a lonriul record; 'Htfepjoyed tho reputation 'of having killed a doieii or so' of imon, and ;waB'. 'rospe'ot'qd ' accordir/gly:' While1 He waa in'Sah Aritpriia-na didn'ot re duce the consus, at. all, but that waa not his fault. 'He 'lia'd a'Mttctivb'wayof' drawing, bis eightoen-indi Arkansas' tbothpioh and 6x aminiug it pritically «with.'a: ainistcr smile whilo humbly requesting tho temporary loan i o£ $5. -Thus was it. that. Bob wont about .' I ?'?.?-',.-'..?,? li..',-l.-,--.. }«:?;( ;'.J :.;ii')J'Wi'./! aoquiring ; wealth and warm personal frionds, .. but oreating no ianerals. There were rumors that Bob was pliylhg bluff, but that was ;afterhfej'liadmarohe.daway. ' ;? - ?'''???' !i It wp during th^Jreign'Of Bob Augustine, ^.(;tho}iprig-rango roarer of Calavoras Canyon;' '? [as he familiarly called himself,' that a young !pan frjim BoBtorij^named John Winthrop, ': came toft San Antonio, presumably in Bearch ? : of health, as he. brought very littlo with him. Ho was'f ar gone in oonsumption, arid nothing but the faot that he had but a short timo to live, unless the climate of western Texas saved him, induced him to coma to San Antonio. , As everybody carried a- pistol, Winthrop did not care to inBult public de denoy by going unarmed. Besides, suoh a course might, as. soriously interfere with hiB . restoration 'to health as putting on a clean ^ Bhirt. /^l : His Puritan training caused him to revolt ?; W at the idea of oarrying firearms, so he re- ~ s|orted to artifice. Ho wore a holster, but, instead of keeping a pistol in it, ho had his oash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary, Win throp was looked up to by the best oitizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course, everybody tried . to make the s'tranger from Massachusetts feel . as comfortable as if he was at home ; so he '? : was told all about Bob Augustine, the long ranged roarer, at least ten times a day, and he was advised not to be particular- in asking .; spourity for tho debt in case tho roarer wanted '.' r to borrow a small loan, unles3;ho (Winthrop) ' did not wish to regain his health, , '.';.'-?; I The- long-ranged roarer sauntered into-i .^ Winthrop's room at tho hotel, but before the ?'?''? .desporado could 'open Iub mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw baqk '. his coat, and'with trembling fingers tugged at' ' his pistol holster to get at his money to ap pease tho would-be assassin. On the other hand, as soon as tho roarer saw Winthrop ' ' trying tp get out his pistol he turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knees laiooked together, tho cold sweat boiled out all over him, and ho extended his hand and said tremblingly : , . «, ? ' Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee. I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansas ' heart beats for you, my hoy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any durned galoot get the drop on you. If anybody in sults you just tell them that Bob Augustine, the roarer, is your friend.' I Winthrop, v,-ho was moro scared, if pos sible, than the roarer, replied : , ' Oh, I'll give you what you want,' and kept on tugging at tho holster, which oame unbuckled. ? . . With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, oarrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore street, the principal thoroughfare, with the Bash on his neck, howling, ' Police 1 police 1 ' closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shot-gun with which to commit murder; All that afterrioonWiri throp kept on hunting the roarer,, to pur chaso peace on any terms, and the roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of the: Boston man.- : Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras canyon was missing, and Winthrop was tho lion of the day for having run off the terror of the Alamo City. 