|. VICTORIAN SPORTING INTELLI GENCE. By Tklkobaph. | OAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Melbourne Toe day.— The morning was very crisp and <old. D. Robinson was first to make a more, giving Vivian two rounds on the inner traclr. Merry Fenellaj after cantering, went fir furlongs last, unpoia was sent strong worr, going very determinedly. Connelly treated Friendless to three (urns at a fair pace, the horse Iookiog very fit. Midnight was sent over the jumps with M4Leod up, and performed creditably. Novelette was doing ' slow work on the' middle track.' Le Qrrnd and Capri' went three rennds on the grasi at a good pace. The letter's gallop on Saturday did him no harm, and he now gets along in better form. Eglinton, with O'Brien np, and Jeisie after cantering, bowled along tor half a mile, but tho time was not fast, taking over a minute to do it. Batty on Ontario did one of tbe most usef ol gallops of the morning on the middle traok, going oror a mile very strongly. This horse, if allowed to start, will have a big look in for tho Hardies next Baturday. Yattley was sent along for a mile at fast work, and looks as well s anything, and goes with great freedom. Umberio picked him . up snd took him along) tbe chestnut also going well. Buccan and Gilderoy, jumpers, ractd two rounds on the middle track, both going well, but Buccan cleared away from bis companion at tho end, aud did another round alone. Don Quixote, looking very .fresh, did medium work. Gray had bis Btnng striding along on .the grass, Tattler going two strong rounds, also Gasalier, looking and going very well. The others did slow exer cise. Leek had Btragglor doing strong work on the main track, tho son ot Argus Hcindal getting over tho ground very nicely. Keys brought out Rapid, and Scaramoucbe join.'d him at the back of the course, but the Sydney horse, overpowering his jockey, went a mile be fore he was Btoppcd. On being brought back,' they got away together, but passing tho tarn Rapid ran very wide, nearly coming to grief. Scai amouch stopped after going a mile. Mozart then joined issue with Rapid, and came horns: to the finish, tbo former slightly in ad?anco. This was tho best gallop of the morning, the milo and a quarter being dons by Vapid in 2min lCseo. With apparently bis Cup weight up, and covering so much ground as be did, it was a good performance. Scaramouoho afterwards was working on the sand, First Pop and Violet cantered, and then eame away five fntlongr, Pop retching home first, but the weights appeared to be in his favour. Melodious, with- O'Brien np,' and Bohemian went a Bharp spurt, tbo latter goine another round. Kingfisher, Ghost, Mi nolo, and Burra Buna wore all doing moderats work. Grace Darling and Norfolk, after cantering, went fast lor three-quarters of a mile, stopping just after entering the straight Norfolk was going very strongly, and conld not have been in much better form. David and Dsrgo can tore J along, goirg at a medium pace on tbo gross, Ditto and Caraerine (with O'Brien in tho saddle) were started galloping from the half-mile post, tbo mare not going kindly, O'Brien having to jog ber atong. Ditto went mnch freer, the journey taking 55soo. Coriolanus was doing good work on the grass, ho beiog the last to put in an appearance. 