I _ From the Pall Mall Gazette.) The chief feature in Macmillan is Mr. Arnold's.lecttrro on morson, with which, in a fragmentary way, every, one is acquainted already. But previous acquaintance with Mr. Arnold's conclusions will not in any way detract from the pleasure of hearing them stated in Sir. Arnold's own word?. The essay is in his best manner. The rest of the number-, too, is well up to the mark ; but after Mr. Arnold's essay the greatest interest attaches to the Review of the month, one of the best written we have seen yet, even from the editor of Macmillan. Not without a certain grim satisfaction doPR its author dwell upon the difficulties in which we have involved ourselves by improvident deference to the foolish did unculcnlating sentiment of the 'instant," in shown especially in the despatch, of General Gordon to Khartoum. "The Government have reason already and will soon have better reason to rue the hour when they allowed themselves to be driven intoforgettitti. that calendar lions conditions of causoiindolicct, relations of means to end, providence in its poor human and secular BMISO, are all of them still good for something in the world, even in a crisis." But when we ask what is to be done, the oracle gives forth an uncertain sound. It is the old moral : " Things are in a bad way, and whatever you do will make them worse." Is that, thou, all the light which provi- dence, with a little girl, is able to throw on the subjects There is nothing very striking in Blackwood. " A Lady's Ride in British Honduras " is brought to a conclusion; there is an interesting account of the Chinese army. A paper on '. Fanaticism in the Soudan " within up with the hope that ?' a time in in store for us when, securely posted in Cyprus and in Cairo, communique from both sides our route to India, and allied to the warlike races of Arabia and Africa, we may calmly await the final catastrophe of the full of Turkey, for which, however much we may regret its oci'iirictico, we cannot now be hold responsible." In the Cornhill this month Mr. Payn's "Literary Recollections " deal with Edinburgh society five-and-twenty years life in his usual light and gossipy vein. Mr. Baring Gould's ingenious Cornish story, " Margery of Quother," is brought to an i nil,, which is rather disappointing, and "The Giant's Stobo'' brother yet more complicated and puzzling ; it really seems as if Mr. Guthrie would keep his readers in suspense until the very first page. Nothing else in this number calls for remark. " The Diary of the IIIBC European who rode through the desert from Berber to Suakin is a promising subject which a litterateur might have made something of, but us it. is, itfuilH to interest. In Longman's Magazine the most attractive paper in a delightful meditation in a graveyard, called "Old Mortality," by Mr. H. L. Stevens. Mr. Freeman in ". French and English Towns " traces the development of the old French city Ironi remote times, and theories on the various points of discovering between the provincial towns of the neighbouring countries. Besides the two serials, there' is ii el ver Btfii'v, or rather sketch, of the seamy side of, French artist life, called "My Paris Makers," by the author of "letters." A lively account of the Courts of the three French' Press dents who live governed France Since 1871 Thern MacMahon, and Grayson one of the boat things in Tentph Mar, full of pleasure gossip and anecdote. Before the PGUblishmont of the Republic, and when it was settled that in nail les should become the seat of government, the Royalists prevented M. Ibiurs-much to his wife's disgust -from sleeping in the Grand Monarch's bedroom. M. '.ihiew iwiB nettled at seemly that the Republicans. objected quite as much as the Koyohsta to see him occupy the Royal apartments, "Stupid follows!" he exclaimed, You Boning a caricature which represented him as a ridiculous pigmy, crop ned with a cotton nightcap, and lying in an enormous bed burrowed by- the majestic ghosts of the Bourbon kings. Then half-angry, half-amused, he ejaculated with his usual vivacity: " Louis. XIV. was not taller- than 1, and as to his other greatness I doubt whether he would ever have had a chance of sleeping in the best bed of Vertiiilles if he had begun life as I did," Shortly after this, M. Mignot moting Victor Hugo, spoke to him in a deprecating way about the funds which had been made over this question of the Royal apartments. " don't know," answered the poet, " Men ideas do divtature doivent german tous ce circle." (Ideas of dictatorship would be likely to sprout under that master.) This was reported to liners, who at once cried, "I like that! If Victor Hugo were in my place, he would sleep in the king's bed, but it would think the dais too low and have it raised." An ox, terribly graphic! sketch of the mud Czar of Russia, Paul L., his career, and his own assassination, is well worth reading There are other noticeable papers, but it is enough to say that the number is excellent. SVB are glad to see the Portfolio drawing on the too much neglected resources of the National Portrait Gallery for some of its illustrations this month. The etchings of the portrait of Hobbes is excellent. M. Lalanno'B etching of .' 'The Tower of Montauban, Amsterdam," is clever, but does not pretend to be a faithful representation of the sub jet. The other principal illustration is of undue marble "Head of Christ on the Cross" in the Lou vi o'er head (says Mr. -Hamerton in his explanatory note) " full of sublime grandeur and infinite sadness." Mr. Homerton Com plaints of the small attention paid in England to this great sculptor. Perhaps thou art magazines this month will do something to remove the reproach, for the A.H Journal also devotes an illustrated art ills to Itndo's works. The illustrations of most immediate interest here, however, will be those of Sir F. Leighton's copious HtuJies for his "Symon and Iphigenia.'' Young artists, whose devotion Imite " the President censured the other night, may see from these studies that Sir F. Leighton practises what he preaches. This month's " Slioicliitiij-grcnind within the rub radishes Hyde Park and Kensington gardens. The tower in Mr. Slocombe's pleasing etching of Magdalen Walke," does not strike IIB OH quite accu lately drawn; was almost as much lilto.Merto n as Magdalen. The Magazine of Art maintains its usual excels lence. The English Illustrated Magazine has tworapers or useful industrial information, both profusely illustrated, ene os the Nottingham lace trade, the other on the English lake districts and the various local industries by which the thick copses of oak, ash, birch, and hazel are converted into charcoal, hoops for casks, baskets, and bobbins. Mr. fihorthonse's verses, his first effort in that direction, we believe, have some natural and tender lines. Mr. Hardy's story, "interlopers at the Knap," though it has some scraps of his old rustic humour, fails to touch any chord of warm human interest. Mr. Julian Hawthorne contributes to the new number of the Century a most interesting picture of Salem OR his father knew it- Hawthorne's Salem, the scene of such of the great American novelist's earlier tales at least as pretend to any definite location at nil. "'The House of the Seven Gables" was erected there and thither. at the close of his literary career, he returned to find the scene of " Dr. Grimshaw's Secret." Mr. Henry James begins a short Story, " Lady Berberina ;" Mr. John Burroughs contributes a chatty natural history paper which he calls "British fertility," and Mr. Thomas Hughes a paper on trade unionism. In Harper there will be found ample variety. Mr. William Black's new story goes on apace, Dr. Moritz. Busch has a sketch of the German Emperor ; Mr. William Ridfling gives an account-well illustrated-of the working of the Bank of England. A history of the " Tntinderer of the Paris Press the Journal des Debates interesting, as also is an account of a visit to Kairwan. In the Gentleman's Magazine a very readable number Miss Gordon Cumming contributes one of her pleasant papers of travel ; Mr. Grant Allen discourses on our debt to insects; Dr. Mackay has an amusing paper on oath, in- precations, and anathemas and St James Urban inveighs against the practice of author batting: at first night. Bell gravia is made up of fiction of the light and readable order. london Society, Time, and Tinsley will help to psusD an idle hour. In Good Words Principal Shairp defends Wordsworth's orthodoxy from what he regards as the misconception of Professor Seeley in his "Natural Religion." Lady Brassey sends her third paper on " Egypt after the War," and Mr. W. S. Davidson has Second instalment of " Pictures of Norway." in the Sunday Magazine, Mr. Craik's Lav L Sermon," Sophia Wilcon'g " A Child's Religion : how to binder and how to help it," and Mr. Ewart's account of " Luminous Insects" are the most interesting papers. Africa. (8. W. Partridge and Co.) This quarterly Journal, devoted to a continent, is a notable illustration of the vigour, vitality, and extent of modern missionary enterprise. In St Nicholas there is a sensible paper by Mrs. E. Stuart Phelps, entitled " Supporting Herself advice to Women in search of work. Captain Mayne Reid's last tale is finished in this number. Mr. Charles G. Leland con- tributes an instructive paper on leather work. Cassell's Family Magazine contains an interesting. paper by the Hon. P. Carteret Hill, the late Premier of Nova Scotia, on " How England Strikes a Colonist." Among many other observations, he says, " I have seen enough in my visit to the country to feel assured that the feelings of the people towards the colonies have undergone an entire revulsion from those which once prevailed." Cassell's Saturday Journal continues to fill its pages with three snippets paragraphs, and stories continued, and otherwise, which give so much popularity to that description of serial literature. as 