The Week's Amusements/ Ok Saturday night last the Lynch Family of Bellringers opened at the Town Hall, and the numbers who thronged in may he a sufficient guarantee of the popularity of the troupe. They have occupied the Town Hall all through the week, and havo drawn very- good houses. The entertainment they provide is a good one, and consequently well received by the audience. They have lrnd three changes of programme.' The season closes to-night. Friday and Saturday last week the Albert Hall was the scene of miscellaneous entertainments given hy Donald Dinnie, assisted by some load talent. The entertainments consistedof feats of strength, exhibitions of club swinging, dancing, and sing ing. The entertainments wore fairly successful. On Monday the Brisbane Amateur Opera Company took the opportunity of a vacant week at the theatre to repeat the pieces in which they havo previously appeared. "Lcs Cloches de Cornevillo" was tho first piece performed, and despite the unfavourable state of tho weather, was moderately successful. On Tuesday they gave " Pinafore," but in this they cannot be said to bo successful, as with tho exception of tho two leading female characters, the performers wero very dull. On Wednesday and Thursday the " Chimes" was repeated. Last night tho two j*oung lady principals took a joint benefit, and had a fair house. ' On Tuesday night tho Albort Hall was filled with a fusliionablo audience, assembled to do honour to Madame Paulino Rita, who, with Mr. John ItadeliiT, lias been thelcadingstnrintbcBrisbauc musical world for the past fortnight. The entertainment consisted of vocal and instnuncntalnuisic, mwliicliseveral local amateurs were heard to udvnntago. That Madniuo Rita's siuging and Mr. IbulcliiFs flute pbiying wero in every way successful goes without Ha3*ing. Much of the success of tho evening was due to Mr. Jcfterios, who accom panied inuny of tho songs in a very artistic manner. Altogether, the concert will bo ro membercd for some time to como as ono of tho heat which a Brisbane public have yet listened to. On "Wednesday evening a wrestling match took place at tho Albert Hall, which was crowded, between Donald Dinnie, the Scotch athlete, and John Smbles, a local mail. Tho mutch wjih very tame and uninteresting, as Stables did'not appear to havo a ghost of.a chance. • The Dctkwicu Bkkevolkxt Astuto.-—Tho report of the slate of the asylum for the week •nding 8th November shows that during the ivcck 10 mules and I female were admitted, 4 nales were discharged, and 1 died-—namely, lames Howard, aged 81 yearn. l>orn Tippcrnry, [roluml ; remaining in lh>* asylum. 8-b mules iij.l 5'J renin h . Tim superintendent bogn to ;chuowh dge with thanks »h<\- receipt of parcels if new-pap-rs fur the imnntes from the private j-rjfilnry GuV'-rnni-ml 1 and Newmau ft'ihui:, lUix. Vdel.ide hiH Y'-V' tcvcs of veoreuiiou ri vu lid*;. 