Mht ¡kpö« PUBLISHED DAILY. " lam In the placo where I am demanded of consoienco to speak the truth, and therefore tho truth I apeak, impugn It whoqo list " TO CORRESPONDENTS Letters and other communications intended for Insor tlon In tho news columna should be addressed to Thk Editoh. Rejected letters cannot bo returned under any cir- cumstances whatever Correspondents are advised to keep coplea of their latera, as thin rule will bo adhered to strictly. No notico can bo taken of anon) motin com munica tiona Every letter must bo accompanied hythe name mid addicss of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons inte rested, wo have to request thal all business com innnlcations, Including advertisements, order» for th« paper, and remittances, bo addros&edto; Wilson and Mackinnon, and not to The bin to h Pa\ nit nts b) post-ottlco order, bank drait, or Victorian postage stamps will obligo SATURDAY, AUGUST 30, 1884. Without going so far as to affirm the truth of tho statement that there is a skeleton in every cupboard, it must be conceded with a mournful sigh, that there is a terror, if not a crime, in every house in this metropolitan city. Science, it is proudly claimed, has taken from us our ghosts. No doubt. But obedient to tho great law of com- pensation, science saddles upon us a mystery. The ghost was an occasional visitant only, and would sometimes reveal to his perturbed but grateful host tho existence of unsuspected treasure, and there is no well authenti- cated record of any one of these spiritual beings having over robbed a mortal of a penny. A ghost not suspected of peculation is tolerable, and even respectable. The charge levelled point blank at the nuisance of the day is, that though speech- less, it can steal. And consequently though the flesh does not creep, yet it must be said of tho average citizen that his blood boils when ho gazes gloomily upon the dark corner of his edifice where is located the gruesome gas metre, and at the same time scrutinises his monthly gas bill. Years roll on, but the gas tyranny remains. The Legislature deliberates over gas bills, and certain citizens re- solve themselves, or aro elected, into a gas conference, but the gas problem is precisely as it was before; so that the conclusion is forced upon those who have studied tho subject most closely, that a peculiar fascination is exercised by this disembodied hydro- carbon over all who are brought into contact with its influence Few, indeed, are the citizens who once having intro- duced gas into their homes, ever bLwIco themselves free from the burden. As with many other passions, the craving for gas appears to grow by indulgence, and just as a drunkard, though ho deplores the consequences, will resort to the brandy bottle, so will an indig- nant denouncer of the common nuisance, introduce a metre for his house, another for his kitchenf and a third for his cooking-stove. AVe do not see it advertised that there is or will be a public house at every corner of a suburban estate about to be cut up into desirable sites for villa resi- dences, but auctioneers and syndicates commonly pander to the unhappy yearning, and give prominence to state- ments that gas can be secured for every allotment. The mischief that may thus be done to society is not readily es- timated. One leap into the unknown is enough, and the prudent man may be deterred from matrimony by the dread that installing a wife in the drawingroom means locating a still more unknowable gas metre near the kitchen. Public bodies are as help- less as the individual. Now and then a corporation, by some supreme effort, will illumine a portion of its district with the electric light, but the spasmodio energy is soon exhausted, and in a few brief weeks that local authority will be found to have re- turned meekly to its old ways, and gas will bo master. Further proof of this secret but powerful fascination is to be found in the position of the mys- terious body known as the gas direc- tors. It might bo thought that these responsible individuals would be exe- crated by mankind as tyrants, but nothing of the sort happens. A gas director, it is well known, has only to offer himself for a seat in Par- liament, or for a place in a council, or on,the board of a bank, and no one else has a chance against him. His fellow citizens.hasten to do him honour. There seems to bo an anxiety to demonstrate that his delinquencies aro duo not to any defect in his moral character, but to the un- happy circumstanco that ho deals in gas. ' But tho most curious form of this mental paralysis is to be seen in the Gas Conference. The most active of our citizens wore placed on this body, as it was said in the deceitful jargon of the day, "to protect the interests of " the consumer." When tho names of a Q. D. Carter and a FrrzaimioN were seen on the list, then the householder proudly exulted in the thought that his time was coming. But it has never come. Instead, bills go on increasing and hope diminishing. The popular ex- planation of tho calamity which befell Air. Mkudle was "pressure," and tho only explanation a membor of tho conference has to offer to a constituent is conveyed in this sumo mysterious word "pressure," utteied whilo tho speaker takes a confidential grasp of a convenient button- hole with ono finger, and sagaciously strokes his own nostrils with another. Tho critical faculties of these gentlemen are con- siderable outside the gas chamber, but they vanish within its walls. Deliver ance ought to come from them. There is the precedent of tho Marylebone vestry, which appointed a gas con- sumers' inspector, whoso duty it was to proceed to each houso when com- plaint was made, to examino every- thing, and to let the consumer know the secret of the mischief. In this way amicable relations were established between a vast body of con- sumers and a gas company, working under an act identical in effect with tho one in existence hero. As the citizen ceased to bo helpless, so also did lie cease to grumble. But our conference lias eaten of the lotus-which, no doubt, was a hydro-carbon in some vegetable form. It remains passive, whilo tho injured A makes frantic appeals to B to subscribo his money to start a company which shall make gas on philanthropic principles, and shall commence to benefit mankind by ripping up nil our streets again. " Pressure," wo aro willing to believe, accounts for this inaction of the conference. There aro remote sub- urbs to which tho company's mains havo not yet been laid, and if the conference would meet there, away from tho mysterious influences which beset it in the Town- hall, it might feel another "pressuro,"namely, thatof public opinion, and might, as it readily could, propound a scheme which should go far to give the impatient citizen the desired relief. Bishop Bloomfield was against any-reform in English spelling, on the ground that a boy who was taught that t-o-u-g-h spelt tough, and b-o-u-g-h spelt bough, would have no difficulty about the Thirty-nine Articles afterwards The only persons who can possibly be inter- ested in maintaining the gas system as it is are the politicians, who may assume that if peoplo put up with it, they will submit to anything. A curious story comes to us from Scotland by a recent mail, by which the peculiar marriage laws of that ancient kingdom are put in a rather amusing light. It seems that a Dundee Sunday-school liad an excursion trip out of town, in the course of which all enjoyed themselves very much. The effect of the stimulants partaken of in the shape of tea and cake) kiss in the ring, and the highly comic addresses of the ministerand the leading teachers,wassuch that the company on the return journey found themselves in a state of extreme festivity, ripo for all kinds of fun, as that element is understood in the northern land of the mountain and the flood. Headers of books of Scotch humour must have obsorved how indispensable is the co-operation of the " meenister " in a Scotch jocular story, cither as the butt or as tho joker, it was found similarly so on this occasion. The joke suggested among the teachers -whether it emanated from a male or a female teacher is not known to this day -was that some wedding couples should be formed extemporaneously, and that their pastor should perform the mar- riage ceremony there and then. The teachers of both sexes received the pro- posal with enthusiastic applause, and after some coy hesitation, the minister, said to bo a young man who had had no earlier opportunity of exorcising his marrying powers, agreed to celebrate the ceremony-all, the reader under- stands, byway of a joke-a Scotch joke. A sufficient number of daring damsels and timid young men were selected, partners were chosen, the young ladies all asserting that they "couldn't do " such a thing for the world," but offering no further opposition to the proceeding. Tho ceremony was then solemnly performed, the minister, the better to carry out the joke, adding some formal words declaring the parties to be legally married, and exhorting' thom to beur in mind the respective duties and obligations of husband and wife The terminus was soon afterwards reached, and all parted with the mutual assuranco that they liad very much enjoyed themselves, the young ladies adding, with special warmth, that it was the most beautiful holiday in which they had over taken part. There the joke might have ended but for the subsequent bruiting about of the affair, and tho publicly mado statement that the parties to it were, according to Scottish law, legally married, all of them being of age, and having gone through the marriage coro mony, and declared their acceptance of each other as husband and wife before witnesses. This announcement fell like 'a bombshell amongst those interested, and the proceedings m the schoolroom on the following Sunday wore'marked by considerable embarrassment. The young people met with a certain perplexing doubt ns to their preciso status towards each other. In some cases they seemed to accept the prospect very cheerfully, while others confided to thpir nearest friends their opinion that if they had known they could have chosen better. It is another instance of the fortitude with which women can often bear themselves in the face of troubles by which men are overwhelmed, that the young ladies concerned showed a degree of resignation that put to shame the discomfited looks of the young gentle- men. Tho latest news states that mea- sures were being taken to test their legal position, and in this more or less married condition theso unfortunate jokers after the Scottish fashion have to be left. It is obvious that in a country which possesses marriage laws such as 'these, the path of Hfo is simply undermined with pitfalls for the unwary. Mr. Wilkie Collins'» navel Man and Wife shows us what opportunities for injus tice and masculine tyranny such a law may present, and the melancholy nar rative we have lela'od pre es what perils even tho most innocent îostm*? .nay call into existonco It is possibly tho consciousness of tho dangers to which indulgence in light-heaited levity may expose them that has imparted that proternatuial seuousness and gravity to the Scottish character which all travellers to that land ha\e i email ed It mav be îeadily undeistood that in a country wheie it is necessaij-in the coursa of that review before i "tiling to rest of the daj s pioceeüings which many piaetical moiahsts inculcate-to begin by asking jourself v bethel you may ha\e inadvertently got mau led dm mg the day, the roid of lifo may wcai a veiy gloom) aspect, approheusi\o nu to the future nnd cm banassing oven as to tho past It is only mxessaiy to tako all these consi delations into view, and thcsoinbre and pensive melancholy and the wary eau tion that mark tho character of the Scotch, and especially of the male por turn of the lace, become at once accounted foi But though ti e Scotch mai nage laws mayen fiom fa\ourmg a mshnessof action and by overmuch encouraging nnpiomptu matiimony, it is easy to see that a cci tain element of mischief moy result trom too great taidiness mid dilatouness m the foi ms of mai nage piocedurt Sintiimony is emphatically one of those mattois vhith it 13 neccs siuy to stnko while the non is hot lins îeflection is suggested by the ton ditton ot reglet, mingled with indigna- tion into v, Inch society in the neighbour ing colony of lasmanm is plunged owing to the delay and appaient failure that havo befallen a marriage engage ment in which society has ver) much mteiested itself The papers of the island, so far as we have observed pieseivo discieet silenco on tho matter but the Tasmanian correspondents of papéis in the other colonies aie not so îeticent, and the incident was, as our readers may romemboi, lately referred to by oui own Hobiit correspondent in the following tenus - ' Society is oceupied tu i, now with a re port that an intended fuam nuble alliance I believe that ia tho phrase-w ill not take piuco, ua the lady objecta feocietj-nt least the sensible portion of it-is of opinion that the lady is quite ri"ht, na the swain, tliouRb not joun"', is fielcle, if not fatee Indeed society lia» many theories on tho nnbject, some of winch are true no doubt but ot nil events, I may say that theie seems to hate been much nefcleet of lea comenances, ttenup to bursting point The correspondents of othei papéis have dealt m the same covert, nijsterious way with this affair, geneially imputing to tho unspecified swain something ol the ardoui in making engagements attributed by Mr. Oilbfri, iii " J n. " gaged," to Chívioi Hiil, coupled with an equal íapiditj of cooling after the engagement is made Now, it is in such cases as these that the Scotch marriage law, with its magnificent promptitude and celen tv, would be in ?valuable That slow process of the Anglican Church, calling of the banns, grants too much time for reflection It allows ¡,eope for hesitation, and in thi9e matters if one hesitates tho other is lost The 1 lunge wilt not bein meditation, «ml tho Scotch bj stem, which admits no time foi an) thing of the 1 ind, mid whir h pu nuts tho paities to indulge ia a little innocent jesting and then, mil denly mfoims them that thoy are irre- vocably mai ned, and must make the best of it, has perhaps more to bo said in its iuvoui than at fust sight appeals Tho lntost news from China makes it quito plain how tho 1 lontli duped then tuomy at Foochow I ho ucat mi ii aiscnal thcro w is defended by tho Kmipiu forts and tho Mingan battent« neal to the sea, in the samo way ¡is Mel bourne is to bo covoied by tho vvorl s it Swan Island and tho ¡south Channel foit na ono lino of defence, and the Queeiisohtl and Point Nepean bnttories as anotlitr Hobaon's Bay represents our Pagoda an chorngo Iho Flench Bailed past the fort« and through the pasaos, and occupied the nnchorago in tho days of peaco, and there was no way of tinning thom out when war beennio imminent Ihui thoy had the arsenal-tho bonst of modern China-at their morey, nnd could destroy it at pleasure, and dropping don n tho mci afterwaids, could attack the forts and their dispirited garrisons from tho rear Tho cardinal weakness of dofonces at a distance from the placo thoy nie supposed to cover is tlioir liability to bo turned by trick or tioachciy or carelessness, and this is tho moral of tho Foochow bim ness so fur as wo nre concerned Even when the South Channel foit is com nletod and the torpedo lines aro ready, Melbourne would bo terublj insecure if nn mnei lino of defence were not in existence This wo havo, how ovor, in tho Cabo us and tho gun boats, and tho Foochow afluir mny leasonably impress upon us tho necessity of never allowing our floating defences to fall below tho maik Thoy should bo kept in pumo order Now that a misfortune has bofa'lon ono of the guns of tho iron elad, tho first question to bo considered is, how can another weapon bo most quickly obtained 1 Wo certainly would not ad viso waiting until tho dofectivogun can bo sent to England and ropaired, foi that means nn unknown period Iho cable should be employed to order» duplicate weapon at once, and thon, if tho gun itself can bo restored, it vv ould be well to lune the work dono, soaBto havo a stand by in tho colony Placed m a Moncrief! battery at Point Ormond, the gun might do good sen ice, if everthe first and second lines should bo rushed or forced, and the real battle be fought near the Hobson s Bay anchorage Ihe point wo havo to remember to day is, that until the South Channel foit is erected, and oven to soma extent aftemards thi strength of our ironclad and her auxihanei is the measure of our defensivo prepara- tions Mr. Peter Campbell, whoso matri- monial experiences, real or feigned, werj brought to light nt the City Police Court yesterday, has succeeded in placing him- self in a social pillory, from which li» cannot very well descend without havina incurred a good deal of well-deserved obloquy. He was formerly a bush mis- sionary, but something or other having occurred to unBettlo his religious opinions, he joined the comprehensivo ranks of tni freethinkers. It then occurred to him tua although well on in years, he might as »eil .take a ticket in the lottery of marriage, and after a very short acquaintance wita a well- educated and well-recommended young lady fresh from England, M nmdeBher his wife. They h*«**» married moro than eight days, beforejit ondcavoured to prevail upon M". Oaw mm, to insure her life.. Sho was startled by the proposition, and declined to cor* ufv with it. Whereupon, she allege», Z conduct of her hu'sband became* outrageous, that she was glad *? c0» sent to his own proposal for ? separation, which was ^wn «Pfl» Ml to exonerate' him from the liaM t; "f supprting his wife. After th separation, Campbell began to annoy her bysendiiiR her letters,.which *.*£ bSnly miKloU of vulgar v^pe^; and coarse calumny. » bato er»¿ have been the writer's pretensions .«. freedom of thought, his claims to liberty of expression were prac- tically unlimited Theio is scarcely an opprobrious epithet in tho English language whioh ho did not fling at the head of the woman whose great miBtako Booms to have been that she allowed herself to be deluded into accepting an otfer of marriage from a person who represented himself to be a clergyman in a good posi- tion The conduct of the defondant in court appears to havo been every- thing it ought not to havo been , and the decision of the Bench, that ho Bhould allow his wife Ma a week for maintenance, and find security for the faithful fulfilment of this obbgntion, will dive general satisfaction But it is to bo hoped that this little opisodo in the life of Mr PKTEnCAMPiiELiwill convoy a salutary lesson to othoi young ladies as inexperienced as Miss Gm-iuok was when bIio precipitately consented to chango hor namo for that of Ouh-bell, and that thoy will not imagine that ovoiy self constituted bush missionnry on tho look out for a wife is i boneliecd clor"*y The 11MSS Home lett Adelnido at 10 minutes past 4 pm. jesterday, and should leach Hobson a Bay to morrow morning As was to be expected, the proceedings of the Trench at 1 oochow aro causing n strong feeling among the Chinese»and several mam festations of the popular mdignntion ngainot foreigners and tho trench in particular, have already occurred Iho foreign quarter at Pagoda iBland, in the river Min, near Too chow, has been set on fire, while nt Canton the Trench çonBul nnd merchants, na well as the bishop and the ïrench missionaries, were compelled to lenve the cit<\- Admiral Courbet rene«ed on thursday his attack on the Min fortidcn'ionB, which vv ere completely destrojed bj tho I rench bombardment. Hie Australian! leven commenced a match against tho South of rnglnnd nt Gravesend on thursday The 1 nglish team was a strong one, but the Australians, who went in first kept possession of the wickets all day, making 3ÍÍI, with one wicket to fall 'Hie chief contributors to this large total were _-M Donnell, OG , Murdoch, 59, Blnckham, not out, D5, Bannerman, 41, and Giffen, With reference to our cable message re meeting the issue of a loan by the municipal council of Sydney, which is believed on tho london Stock fcxehango to be imminent, our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that the amount of the loan is £,¡00,000, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent The pro t-eeil» of the loan, which will have a currency of 20 years, aro to be devoted to the carrying oat of atreet improvement in the munici palit) 'lhe Premier is constantly receiving largo numbers of applications from persons who are desirous of obtaining appointments m the Government printing oflices, and as there are none to be made in the department, lie desires it to be known that it is perfectly useless sending any applications to lum Mr 1 hornley, M-LtC, is to be the chair man of the Rojal Commission, which will be appointed bj the executive Council on Monda) ne\t, to inquire into the working of the Lands 1 itles Commission, and the necea Blty or otherwise of having a re survey of the metropolitan district, with the view of secur ing more accurate boundaries for insertion in title deeds 'Hie Public Works department will at once carry out tho recommendations of tho Parha ment Buildings Commission, and call upon Mr b Arness to carry out his contract for the erection of the west front of Parliament houses. It is an open secret, however, that in the department nnd the commission there is a strong leeling that tho engagement might Well be Bet nBide if certain questions as to recouping Mr Arness for the expenditure on scaffolding, i.c, can be settled ". tero aro two important reasons why it is thought that that step should be taken. '1 he first is that it has been found flint the Stawell stone, even from the gullet Intel) cut will not bear fine a\mg but must be rubbed if thl» face is to be presen i ti Tho o infract providts that fine nung must ' be performed but if it is tu be rubbed tim coat of the work will bo increased 'J he recently wrought blocks which tho commission in epected, and upon which they based their de cisión that sullicicnt stone of the requisite quality waa available for the building, was rubbed by the misons, and not fine axed If the latter operation had been performed on the first pieces upon which Mi Arness started work, tin, blemishes then discovered would not lune been so conspicuous 'Iho second reason wliv it is desired that the contract should bo terminated is that the commissioners have recommended that a portion of tho faeado should be in granite 'lhe Public Works department approve of that proposal, and if it be decidei to carry it out Mr Arness s position munt be considerably changed Before anything can be done, however, it is nccessar) to call upon him to carry out his contract, in order that a speedy under standing may be arrived at I The suggestion made to the Minister of Hallways on Thursday evening, that students should be conveyed by rail at reduced fares, was some time Since brought under the notiet* of the Railway Commissioners by the repre sentatives of the mining schools nt Sandhurst and Ballarat Ihe commis Bioners also communicated with the authorities at the Melbourne Universitj, with a view to determine whether it would be advisable to extend the same pnv lieges to the students of the institution resident in up country towns and districts the commis sioners arc now obtaining detailed informa tion on the subject, nnd we have reason to believe that, Bubject to necessary regulations framed for preventing any abuso of the con cession, students attending the Schools of Mines and the University will shortly be ni lowed to travel to and from their studies nt reduced fares The Ballway Commissioners have dealt with the official report as to the recent acci dent at North Melbourne station caused by careless misapprehension on the partof Wa Waters driver of ii cattle train who ran his engine off the slip points through "taking a Bignal given to another ns applying to him self, under the supposition that his train was on the main line and not on the siding V. aters has been reduced to the grade of a fireman for a period of three months, and forfeits his pay for the time he has been suspended Ihe people of Albury have sent a memorial to the Railway Commissioners, asking them to modify the new tariff tor the carriage of vegetables from Melbourne, the effect of which has been to nearly double the price of cauhllowers nnd cabbages at Albury Tho matter will receive due consideration Several alterations will be made in the lervice of railway trains for September. Ad- ditional trains will be run to and from Brighton during the busy time each morn- ing, and also between 2 and 3 p.m. Certain trains will not run beyond Balaclava. The Brighton time-table for Sunday evenings has also been revised. Two additional even- ing trains will run to and from Hawthorn, andi the 8.32 a.m. train from Camberwell to Melbourne will not stop at Richmond. On the St. Kilda line, instead of the broken limes now adopted, greater uniformity of departures will be observed, and an addi- tional train will leave Melbourne for St, Kilda at 12 midnight, while the last train from St. Kilda will depart at 11.40 p.m. Only one alteration on the Sale line is an- nounced ; the train now leaving Prince's bridge at 5.62 p.m. for Warragul will start at 6.2 p.m. On the Oakleigh suburban line the 5.50 a.m. from Prince's-bridge and the 1.12 a.m. from Oakleigh will be discontinued, and the departure of the 10.40 p.m. to Oakleigh will be altered to five minutes earlier. The steam ferry over the Yarra, at the foot of Spencer-street, was brought into public use yesterday, but unfortunately met with an accident at the outset. On reaching the south side of the river one of the flaps caught the approach and was smashed. The damage is being repaired as speedily as possible. The ferry will be worked, for some time at all events, by the Harbour Trust, and a scale of charges has been arranged, subject to the approval of the Governor in Council. The steam ferry will ply from 6 a.m to 7 p.m in summer, and from 7a.m to 5 p.m in winter. The row boat will ply from 5 a.m to the time the steam ferry begins operations, and from the time the steam ferry ceases until midnight, the charge per pas- enger being 1d up to 10 p.m., afterwards 2d. Weekly tickets, not available after 10 p.m., will be issued at 6d each. For every vehicle drawn by one horse the charge will be 3d , or 1s. per day ; do, two horses, 4d , or 1s 3d per day ; do, three horses, 6d , or 1s 6d per day ; do , four horses, 1s , or 2s per day For every horse, cow, or bullock, 2d ; for every pig, ½d , for every sheep, ½d , for each score of sheep 4d. The branch line from Branxholme to Cas terton will be opened on Monday next A train will leave Casterton nt 0 30n.m , con nectinir nt Branxholme with n trnin to Mel bourne A second train will leave Casterton at 1 2ü p m , nnd connect nt Branxholme with ii tram to Portland A train will leave Branxholme for Casterton nt 12 noon, con neeting vv ith a train from Portlnnd, nnd a second trim will leave Branxholme for Cus terton nt b 30 p in in connexion with the b 30 n ni train from Melbourne nnd the 4 10 p ni tnmi from Portland pier It ia intended to tnl e the Albert gunbont into the graving dock, at V> llhamstown, on 1 uesday next for thorough cleaning, repaint ing, and general overhaul Iho Commissioner of Trade and Customs ' has received a letter, describing a vessel s (Iguro head, recently picked up by feaml Hansen, fisherman, of Warrnambool, some threo miles cast ot tlie jetty The follow i»,; description ma) possibly help to discover the name of the ship to which it belonged The ligure head is 6ft long and 14m broad Both aides are covered with carved work, and the front is an eagles head and neck, ihe carved work has been gilded and the rest painted green There aro barnacles on the ligure head, and it has evidently been in the n ater about two months Yesterday, at the town hall, St Kilda, Mr R. Balderson, the returning officer for the South Yarra Province, officially declnred the lion P T ¡sargood duly re elected a member of the Legislative Council for thnt pro vince, Mr Sargood being the only candidate nominated The Central Committee of the Municipal Association of Victoria met yesterday, and waited upon the Minister of Railways, Mr. Gillies, asking him to use his influence towards the introduction of a measure in the present session of Parliament dealing with closed roads, the exchange of roads, and audits the president of the association, Mr Mackiehan, submitted the views of the deputation. Mr Gillies said he would do what he could, but in the present state of Parliamentary business he indicated that it was unlikely the Government would be able to introduce a bill dealing with such a vexed question as the closed roads. Mr. Gillies said he was anxious to see a consolidated Local Government Bill brought in next session. The Municipnl Association of Victoria having asked for suggested amendments of the Rabbit Act, the affiliated groups of municipalities are considering the subject of the extermination of rabbits, and their con- clusions will be brought before the associa- tion at its meeting in October next. The usual group meetings will be held in Septem- ber, and it is anticipated that some useful re- commendations may there be formulated. Mr. Curtayne, we understand, has resigned the position of manager of the Union Bank, in consequence of ill-health. We believe that his services to the bank will be duly recog- nised in addition to the ordinary pension to winch he is entitled. The united fire brigades, who held a de- monstration in Melbourne on the 1st July last, passed a resolution congratulating Her Majesty on her birthday, and the resolution was telegraphed by the Premier to the Secretary of State. Mr. Service has received a despatch from Lord Derby acknowledging receipt of the telegram, and stating that it had been laid before Her Majesty, who was pleased to receive it graciously. A deputation from the Rabbit Conference, which sat on Thursday last at Kirk's Bazaar, waited on the Minister of Lands yesterday and presented the resolution arrived at by the conference as to the best means of deal- ing with the rabbit pest. Mr. Tucker in- formed the deputation that more men would be put on to destroy the rabbits on Crown lands in the Wimmera district, and that cir- culars were being sent out to the local bodies asking if they considered that the Rabbit Act needed amending, and if so, in what direc- tion. No new cases of small pox have been re- ported to the Central Board ot Health, but they yesterday received word that there was a suspicious case at Moe. The local health officer has been requested to visit it and re- port to the board. The house of Mr. Dives, in Berlin-street, Richmond, where the young man Tonkins, who was affected with small- pox, lodged, will be released from quaran- tine to-day. Absolom's house, on the Werri- bee plains, will also be released to day. Mr. Hopton, mayor of Geelong West, was introduced as a deputation to the Minister of Lands yesterday, with reference to certain land in the township of Bannockburn. Mr Hopton stated that the residents of the dis- trict desired to have the land put up for selection, under the 49th clause of the Land Act, as sites for vineyards, or other purposes referred to in the clause. It appeared from the statements made that there had been an agreement between the Bannockburn and Newtown and Chilwell councils that the land should be gazetted for sale, and Mr. Tucker said he would have inquiries made as to whether there would be any objections to opening it up for selection as desired. The Lunacy Commission have furnished a progress report to His Excellency the Go- vernor, in which they refer to the subjects they have dealt with up to the present stage of their inquiry, and make a number of re- commendations. The leading features of the report and also the recommendations are given in another column Mr I fal fey, one of the candidates for the representation of the Southern Province in the Legislative Council, speaking at a meet mg held last evening m the Mechanics' Insti tute, Brunswick, announced himself as a sup portel of the present Government, of whose Land Bill and Mining on Private Property Bill he approved Local option would find m him a warm advocate. Mr Halfey denied that he held shares m pubhehouses, but ad nutted that, though the candidate of the Vic torian Alliance, he was n shareholder in the Melbourne Brewing and Malting Company A vote of confidence in Mr. Halfey was carried The following notification appears in the Goto nment Gazette of jesterday-"In accordance with the powers conferred by the Post Office Act 1883, Na 781, section 28, it Is hereby ordered and declared that on nnd after the 30th August, 1881, no letter, packet, newspaper, or parcel addressed to 'Arch Medium, care of J. Boland, Champion Hotel, Fitzroy,' or to any other nddress in the colony of Victoria, shall bo registered at any post office in the enid colony; nnd no letter, packet, newspaper, or parcel addressed as above- mentioned, received at any post-office in the colony of Victoria for delivery there- from by letter-cnrrlef or otherwise, shnll be so delivered ; nnd any letter refused delivery under this order shall be sent nt once to the Dend Letter Office in Melbourne, and shall, if originally posted in Victoria, be opened and immediately returned to the sender, or if not originally posted in Victoria, be re- turned unopened to the colony or country whence it originally came." / The largest attendance ever gathered to- gether at n show of the National Agricultural Society assembled yesterday at the Fleming ton-grouuds. Three thousand one hundred and fifty-four persona were carried by special trains, and many reached the grounds by the Essendon line, while cabs wcro also buBy throughout the day. Altogether 4,500 paid for admission, so that, with exhibitors nnd members nnd their families, the assemblage wai a very large one, the success auguring well for the result of the change of site. To-day all the exhibits, including farm and dalry produce, machinery, and live stock, will be on view, and as it is the last oppor- tunity of inspecting the «how, a numerous attendance ia anticipated. Special trains J will ran to the show grounds at 10.5,10.03,1 11 ne, and afterwards as required during the day '1 he annual Melbourne sale of stud sheep was brought to a satisfactorj conclusion yesterday, when Messrs Powers, lîuthenord, and Co sold nt Messrs. M D S; nnot Bros.' wool warehouse, Bourke street, drafts from the finest stud flocks in Tasmania. The sale was well attended and the biddings fre quently were very spirited. One of Messrs. W Gibson and Son s rams sold for 400 guineas, the purchaser being Mr A Blackwood Mr J Raleigh purchased ono of Mr W H Gibson s rums for Mr \Y Robertson, of Moy hall, for GOO guineas. The Hon Robert Simson, of Langi Kal Kal purchased a ram bred by Mr W II Bennett for 500 guineas Tile highest price for a singlo ram was 510 guineas paid by Mr M O Shanassy for a ram bred by Mr George Parramore Hie sale was conducted in a. most satisfactory manner by Mr J C Stanford The City Council will meet on Monday at the usual time Among the business to be considered is a report of the Health Com mittee, submitting a certificate in writing to the local board of health for the city of Mci bourne by the ofheer of health of the city and two inspectors appointed by tho board, that each of the houses or other buildings speci lied in a certificate, situate within the limits of jurisdiction of the board, and now used tor human occupation or habitation, is unfit for occupation or habitation, and re commending that the council, acting in its capacity as the local board of health of the city, in exercise of the powers conferred by the 102nd Bection of the Public Health Amendment Statute 1883, should declare that each such house or building is not fit for human occupation or habitation, and shall not be occupied or inhabited by any person after a time specified in the order, and which time the committee recommend shall be four weeks from and after the Mon day succeeding the day of the making of the order by the council ' There is also to be considered a repoitof the Legislative Com mittee, submitting the decisions of the com mittee with regard to the amendments pro posed to be made in the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company s Additional Branches Bill 1884, by the Tramways Trust and recom mending that the necessary proceedings be taken to protect the interests of the corpora tion of Melbourne in regard thereto M e are informed that the idea ot enlarging the scope of the Inebriate Act Amendment Bill of this j ear has been abandoned, Mr Berry having expressed a desire that clauses dealing m ith extraneouB mattera should not be appended to the disciplinary provisions of that measure However, steps are now being taken, with the view of directing public at tention to the necessitj of providing an in- stitution, on the model of the South Aus traban Retreat at Belair, for the benefit of inebriate patients who are unable to pav the whole cost of their maintenance during the period of seclusion necessary to effect their cure, ond, as mentioned in Hit At ¡ins yester doj, a publie meeting to consider the matter will be hold on Thursday, the 11th inst His 1 xcellcncy the Governor has con scnted to become the patron of the Victorian 1 jj e and ] ar Hospital, and also of the Vic torian Discharged Prisoners Aid Society In 'Jhe Argus of jcstcrday some particu lnrs were given with regard to the Melbourne ] xchango property, which may be supple mcnted by some mention of Mr H Byron Moore s management of the internal affairs of the institution The various improve menta which have been made in the Yx change will be remembered as having boen suggested by Mr Moore and carried out under his superintendence shortly after he left the Government Bervice, nnd were authorised by Mr Jeffray, the senior partner of Messrs Wm Sloane nnd Co The 1 x change scheme was originated and developed bj Mr Mooie The property was afterwards taken over by the Txchange Property Com puny, who have now sold it to the lion Henry Miller A Bomewhnt lively meeting of the share holders of the Melbourne Milk Supply Com pany was held jesterdaj, at Scotts Hotel, the object being to consider what steps Bhould bo taken to counteract the efforts being inndô vv ith the v icw ot injuring the company s busmesH Di Tamieson who presided, nn nounced thnt nn opposition (ompnny was doing nil it could to secure the drivers and collectors of tho Melbourne Companj and to stop the supplies of th» latter by asking the farmers to furnish milk to the new instead of to their old patrons. During the discus sion Mr J P Finnegan, a director, nnd until recently the mannging duector was present, nnd several of the speakers charged him with acting energetically ni the interests of the new company, with which he admits he is connected, w hile he retained his position as managing director of the old Several state menta were made on both sides in reference to an alleged watering of the milk supplied to the Prahran customers of the company Finally a resolution was passed in favour of earning on the business with all possible energj, and maintaining the supply ot pure milk to the public The dates for the opening matches to be played in Australia by the professional team of English cricketers now being organised for a tour ot the colonies, have been fixed In Adelaide the novel course of pla} ing two matches in succession, commencing on JNoverober 2, baa been decided upon The team then come to Victoria, where they propose to meet an eleven of Victoria, on the M C C ground, commencing on Novem ber 14 The tenm will not be finally selected until the close of the English season, so that the very best professional cricketers of the year may be induced to come. The follow- ing players are mentioned as certain to join the team, vi7 -Bates, Barlow, Ulyett, Shaw, Shrewsburj, Maurice Read, Howers, Gunn, and Sherwin, the last lour being new to the colonies. T he council of the Caltdoninn Society met yesterday afternoon, when a gratifjing report wns made bj the lion secretary, showing that the number of members who have com pleted their registration by the payment of entrance fees and subscriptions has now reached 233, Bhowmg an increase of 80 within the past fortnight Of these 10 bnvc qualified themselves tis life members Ar rangements were made for the president's convei sazwne, to be held on the 5th of Sep tember, nnd ulso for the nnnunl dinner, which v ill take place on tRo eve of St Andrew s Daj The Emerald hill publicans, who aro hold- ing aloof from tho strict Sunday closing movement initiated bj the Licensed Victual- lers' Association, held a meeting yesterday at the Myrtle Hotel, Coventry street, to dis cuss the trade interests. Several speakers explained that recognising the action of the association as a means to achieve an end, that of limited Sunday trading they n ere of opinion thnt the wrong course had been followed, and therctore declined to conlirm the résolu tion carried by the general meeting at the Victoria hull It wns decided that a petition should be forwarded to Parliament on behalf of the district, prnjing for a limited trade on Sundnvs The chairman urged those present to tnke the greatest care in obtaining none but genuine signatures, and preventing chil dren from signing it. The draft of the peti- tion is as follows :-" That Sunday is the only day on which we are usually able to dine and sup with our families. That the public-house is our cellar, access to which by the present law we are debarred. That we feel it a great hardship to be either compelled to break the law or to be denied the refreshments we have by long habit be- come accustomed to, and deem to be neces- sary, and which those having cellars of their own can obtain without difficulty. We therefore humbly prny that >-our honourable House will please to amend the present Licensing Act so ns to provide for the Bale of necessary stimulants between the hours of 1 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and 8 and 10 o'clock in the evening of Sunda)'." A slight mishap occurred on Thursday evening to the torpedo boat Miner, which is now in the Alfred Graving Dock. It appears that she was insufliciently "shored up," and when the water left the dock she fell over. It is not yet known wlmt damage, if any, was done. The action brought by Mr. Fleming Norton against Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove to recover damages for breach of a contract to «nance him to give a monologue entertainment, was again before the Supreme Court yesterday. At the trial the plaintiff recovered a verdict for £527 13s. 4d. Yester- day the defendants applied that the plaintiff should be nonsuited, on the ground that they had not authorised his dismissal, and hud made an offer for him to go back to their employment, and, failing that, for a ne w trial, on the ground that the damages were excessive. The Court granted the rule call- ing on the plaintiff to show cause why he should not be nonsuited or a new trial ordered. At the recent civil sittings of the Supreme Court, Wm. Trenwith, secretary to the Bootmakers' Union, was found guilty on an indictment preferred against him at the instance of on employé of Mr. W. Long, boot manufacturer, for a criminal libel. Several points were reserved as to the j'urisdiction of the Court to try the case, and Mr. Justice Williams agreed to state a special case to the Full Court on the points. As there was some doubt ns to whether this was the proper practice to be followed, Mr. Mitchell applied to the Court j-esterdoy on behalf of the de- fendant for a rule to enter a nonsuit, or to enter a verdict for the defendant on the points that had been raised at the trial. The Court granted the rule, and directed that it should be argued at the same time as the special case, namely, next Thursday, the defendant to enter into recognisances to appear before the Court on the 15th September. An application was made to Mr. Justice Higinbotham in the Practice Court yesterday, calling on one Wm. Cordell to show cause why he should not be ousted from office as coun- cillor of the West Riding of the Shire of Pyalong. The application was made at the instance of David Walsh, who had also been a candidate for election. Mr. Walsh had duly forwarded his nomination paper, which had been received by the return- ing officer. Afterwards the returning officer held that the nomination paper was informal, inasmuch as it had not been Bigned by Walsh, and he declared Cordell elected. It appeared that though Mr. Walsh had not Bigned his name formally to the paper, yet he had written his name in the form, "I, David Walsh, accept the above nomination," and it was therefore contended that the nomination was regular. A decision to the effect that auch a signature wob regular had been given in I860, and it was therefore submitted that Cordell had been improperly declared elected. His Honour granted a rule calling on Mr. Cordell to Bhow cause why he should not he ousted from the office of coun- cillor. It was announced in the Supremo Court yesterday that the cases now on the speciul paper will be disposed of before the rules for new trial are heard. - ' Some weeks ngo an application 'was made to Mr. Justice Holroyd in chambers for an order to remove the registration of a design registered by Mr. T. J. Martin, the general manager of the Colonial Mutual Life Insur- ance Company. The application was made on behalf of the New York Equitable Life Insurance Company, on the ground that the design was not new and original, but was.a copy slightly altered of the Equitable Com- pany's design. His Honour granted the ap- plication, but said he had some doubts on the point, and suggested that there should be an appeal to the Full Court Accordingly Dr. Madden applied to the Full Court yes- terday for a rule to set aside the order of Mr. Justice Holroyd. The Court, however, was of opinion that his Honour was right, and refused the motion. Early this morning two men, named Wil- liam M'Michael and Thomas Collis, were arrested by Constables D. Walker and J. Wall on charges of having assaulted and robbed a new arrival from the country, named Patrick Kelly, of £25, in a house in Juliet-terrace. - The prisoners will bo brought before the City Bench this morning. Our Tasmanian correspondent, under date nobart, August 27, writes as follows with reference to the Ministerial elections, which are now completed, all the Ministers having been returned :-The elec- tions for East and West Hobart took place yeBterduy, and resulted in the return of Mr. Dodds, Attorney-General ; and Mr. WV Tfy, Burgess, Treasurer. The latter can hardly be said to have been opposed, as his opponent had withdrawn, although some of his nomi- nators refused to sign the withdrawal, and it wns, therefore, necessary to go through the form of voting. Mr. Dodds was returned by a majority of 105, which is a large majority for so small a con- stituency. The polling was as follows: Dodds, 302 ; Clark, 187. There was some little excitement over this election, as Mr. M'Uregor, M.L.C., interfered from private motiveB, and Mr. Reibcy, in whose Ministry Mr. Dodds once was, with a very injudicious letter, which he Bent to a very injudicious friend. Mr. Reibey charged Mr. Dodds with bad faith, but the quarrel did not interest anybody very much, and, what is more, Mr. Dodds's reply was generally thought to be conclusive. The matter will, I suppose, be fought out in Parliament sooner or later, when we may look to be edified. It is all over now, and there only remains the elec- tion for Fingal, the polling for which takes place today. The betting was greatly in favour of Mr. J. G. Davies, of the Mercury. Ministers will at once proceed to business, and, as they have a good majority, legislation onght to go on rapidly, especially as we do notbelieie in long sessions, and members want to get away by the end of November at the latest. The foundation of a new Salvation Army barracks at Brunswick was laid yesterday by the Chief Secretary, in the presence of a large number of the supporters of the army. Mr. Berry, after having laid the stone, expressed his bj mpathy with the work that was being accomplished by the army in the direction of social reform, and said that so long aa they directed their efforts to the elevation of the masses of the colony they would have his sympathy. The new barracks will cost £1,100, and will accommodate SOO persons. " The Vagabond" gove his lecture entitled " Cannibals and Convicts" in the Mechanics' Institute, Nagambie, on Thursday night to a fair audience. During the course of his re- marks, Mr. Thomas made a vehement protest I against the massacre of the Chinese by the French in their bombardment of Foo- chow, stating that they had gone beyond the limits of civilised warfare. He expressed his ex- pectation of hearing shortly that the Chinese at the other treaty ports had risen against the resident Europeans and massacred them. His remarks on the federation of the Aus- tralian colonies were received with great ap- plause. At a meeting of the Tramway Trust yes- terday it was reported that the agreement with the banks as to floating the Tramway loan in England had now been executed, and the debentures had been despatched by the Orient steamer Chimborazo on the 22nd inst. A somewhat serious breach of confidence was committed by the police authorities in connexion with the extradition of William Poppens, the New Zealand fraudulent insol- vent, on Thursday. When the offender was brought before the Court on Thursday an understanding was arrived at between Mr. Call, P.M., and the police to the effect that Poppens should be sent direct to New Zealandbytheä.s.Rotomahana.andthemagis trate's warrant was issued to dispense with the necessity of the prisoner being committed to gaol for 15 days, as provided by the Fugi- tive Offenders Act The prisoner was handed over to Detective M'Grath, but instead of being taken on board the steamer as arranged he was conveyed overland to Sydney by the ordinary passenger train. The object of the police in proceeding vid Sydney was to allow of the detective taking another prisoner, who is awaiting extradition there, to New Zea- land. The matter was brought under the notice of the City Bench yesterday by Mr. Budd, the prisoner's solicitor, who com- plained of gross misconduct on the part of the police. Mr. Call expressed surprise at the action of the police, and said that if the prisoner hod been taken into New Sonth Wales as stated the authorities had undertaken a grave responsibility. Four views of Sydney, taken in the year 1810, have been published by Mr. William Dymock, of that city, and are accompanied by a plan of the settlements in New South Wales, taken by order of the Government in that year. The latter shows that a portion only of the country lying between Port Jack- son and the foot of the Blue Mountains had been surveyed at that time, and that in three places the course of the River Nepean was left undefined. Sydney itself, although it straggled over a large area, resembled a group of villages, which had established them- selves upon a number of picturesque eminences overlooking the waters of the harbour. The high land on the west side of the cove was surmounted by a couple of windmills, one of which was enclosed, for the sake of greater security, by the stone walls of the citadel; and there was a battery on Dawes's Point, near which a sloop of war was anchored. Government-house was an unpretentious two-story edifice, built of brick, and surrounded by a verandah. Circular Quay was a green slope, and large gardens running down to the water's edge occupied the site of what are now busy wharves. A solitary church, which looked like a work- house with a small shot-tower annexed to it, occupied a commanding position on the spot now known as Church-hill, and forming to-day one of the reserves of the city, and below it stood the old gaol. Two-story buildings were of comparatively rare occurrence ; and the natives belonging to the Sydney tribe were at that time so numerous that the artist has in- troduced them in three out of four of his pic- tures, paddling about the harbour in their canoes, or amusing themselves with their spear-play in the Government Domain and elsewhere. These views, while making no pretension to be regarded as works of art, possess an interest which will increase with lapse of time, for the Sydney of the year 2000, it may be safely predicted, will be as unlike the Sydney of 1810 as the London de- picted by Hollar is unlike the London of Queen Victoria. A recent number of L'Exploration con- tains an article by the Chancellor of the French Consulate at Hanoi,- M. Aumoitte, which possesses special interest at the pre- sent time. It is the record of a journey from Hanoi through Bacninh to Langson on the Chinese frontier, thus following the same route as the French troops have done in their receht operations at Tonquin From Hanoi | to the meeting of the provinces of Bac ninh and Langson, the country is described I na populous and fertile, but on entering | the latter district it becomes mountainous, with bad roads, and almost depopulated by I the brigand hordes which have infested this borderland Almost everyiv hero the water is | bnd, nnd fever rife even amongst the natives Nowhere is this the case more than nt Bncle, ! where the French forces nre now hurrying up to retrieve the recent reverse at Langson the country around Langson is describe 1 as healthy, it is rich in rice und cotton, but the trade here, as all along the valley of the IUd Uiver, is in the hands of the Chinese '1 he difficulty which has been experienced ¡ in forming a stable Ministry in New Zealand, togother with the immediate defeat of one newly formed Cabinet and the slow process Of constructing the next, nre rendeied tolerablj inteligible by the indications which the New Zealand papers give of the state of purtles and the tone of political feeling there The Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Times remarks -"Cabinet making in New 7ealand hns nlwnys been a task beset with difficulties , but it is probable that never before were the difficulties so great as those which Sir Juhas Vogel has had to face N ot only hav o the ordinary per plexlties caused by the strong provincial pre judices had to be grappled with, but tho problem was complicated by the fact that there are two or three rival factions to be placated, if possible , and that the aspirants to oflico with strong claims outnumbered the portfolios to be distributed m a way that few New Zealand statesmen hav e pro bably had to encounter before Hence the | political cords have had to be shuflled and reshuffled until humble spectators of the political legerdemain began to get positively J bewildered The Otago Dai/// Times has recently pub Iished an abstract of the annual reports to I the New Zealand Parliament on the position | and circumstances of the Maoris. It writes -"Ihe reports of officers in native districts j hisvo been presented to Parliament, and nie ] on the whole of a \»ry satisfactory character Most of the officers speak of a marked in crease ot sobriety among the natives. Un fortunately it appears as difficult as ever to | get them to take proper samtarj precautions and consequently there has been a great deal of sickness reported Mr 'Ward of Wari gamu, remarks that the spread of the Blue I Ribbon movement among tho Muons I is truly wonderful, and thus answers the important question, Are the Maoris as nation dying out? ' In my opinion (he says}, j es, but not so fast as some think So far as I have observed, the death rate seems to be the heaviest among those hvingnear European towna and settlements, while those residing far away from our towns, and who are not brought much into intercourse with the pakehos, are much hardier-attributable, I think, very largely to their living m primitive Maori style Those living nearer our towns suffer to some extent from intemperance, and in conse qnence irregular and unhealthy habits othfe ' Some very interesting and important in forma tion in regard to the King Natives and Tawlnaos visit to England is given by Mr G T Wilkinson, of Alexandra. He remarks -'Although Tawhiaoand his people are op posed to us m the policy that is now being carried out, they are not prepared to go to any very great length with their opposition There are, I think, two reasons for this action of theirs, one of which is fear of the result as regards themselves But another is very creditable to them-that they are determined to bring about, if possible, the end they desire without breaking the law, Btirring up strite, or coming into conflict with the Europeans lhe Maoris take the same stand now as they did when it was originated 25 years ago, namely, that the only way to save the Maori race from destruction is to let them have a king and make laws for them selves They really want to be let alone, and to manage their own affairs without any assistance from us, and it is only quite re cently that they have given up all hope of obtaining some concession of the sort from the New Zealand Government There are two things that the King Natives have a great desire should be taken in hand and dealt with by the people in Lngland One of these is the granting ot their desire to set up a king for themselves, and the other to have an investigation into the case of the Waikato, the natives holding that they were forced into it, and that, therefore, the confiscation of Waikato was illegal, and should not have taken place. With regard to the latter I have nothing to say, but with regard to the former I think I am in a position to state that Ta whiao, in going home to England as the bo called Maori King, does not represent more than 1,000 out of a population of about 40,000 natives in New Zealand.'" An important conference of delegates from the various frozen-meat exporting companies in New Zealand was recently held at Christchurch, at which some im- portant resolutions were arrived at The principal of these, we learn from the Otago Daily Times, were as folluw: "That no new contract be entered into by any company represented at this conference at a higher rate of freight than led. per lb. and 10 per cent primage, one-half of which primage to be returned to the company con- tracting ; that 10 per cent, of the freight payable to the ship be retained until delivery of the whole cargo in good condition at the port of discharge; that the conditions of all future charters be that before commencing loading the steamers' chambers be cooled down for 12 hours at least, and that the highest tempera- ture bn lSdeg.*, thut the chnmber be fitted with ribs to keep the meat'ofl the sides, or that carcases be stowed with the legs against the sides and bulkheads to the satisfaction of shippers ; that the ship give free access to the representatives of contracting shippers, and that stowing be done to his or their satis- faction ; that during the voyage the tempera- ture shall not exceed 20deg. in the warmest put of the hold, such temperature to be ascertained .by, self-registering thermometers placed in each chamber, fitted in cases of which the key shall be handed to the contract- ing shipper; that on the arrival of the vessel at tha port of discharge the consignees and underwriters or their représentatives be ac- corded free access to the ship's refrigerating chambers, and the refrigerating engineer'» log ; that every opportunity be afforded for the inspection of the meat previous to and during discharge, the engineer's log to be at all times open for inspection by contracting Bhippers, consignees, or underwriters ; that the time for discharging in London be 48 hours for cargoes up to 8,000 carcases, 24 hours additional allowed for every 4,000 or part of 4,000 carcases, that refrigerating en- gineers shall hold certificates entitling them | to the rank of chief engineer of steamers, | such refrigerating engineer to be under the control of the captain, in tile same manner | as the other engineers of the vessel " A number of gentlemen were invited yes- j terday to make a private inspection of the " working model iron screw steam and elec trie ship Lady Fergusson," at the Ei.hibition building This model was made by two joung engineers named Newton and Charles Wutt, of Dunedin, N Z , a little more than 10 years ngo, and has been at various tunes since placed on exhibition throughout New Zealand The owners of the model recently brought it over hero from New Zealand, and intend to give the Victorian public an oppor- tunity of inspecting the result of their in- ¡ genuity and skill. The model represents a full brig rigged iron steamer of fine lines, and is 7ft "in. long The vessel is fitted with a miniature pair of inverted direct acting engines, with complete link and reversing gear, tho woikmnnship being of the most delicate and highly finished de- scription. The model is completely fitted up j in every respect, and when being propelled [ by steam presented a v erj pretty and interest ing sight The Messrs. Watt claim that under full steam the model can be propelled at the rate of eight miles an hour, nnd that when | electricity is used ns the motive power, a speed of four miles an hour can be at* j tamed. Daring the exhibition jesterday the engine and boiler were taken out, and an elec trie engine and battery were substituted. Hy the aid of these the little steamer was pro pelled at a fair rate, and the saloon was lighted by means of .t very small electric lamp The model altogether is au admirable j piece of work. In connexion with the new departure made j by Messrs Nicholson and Co in tho esta- blishment of a music lending library, we are requested to direct the attention of those interested to the advertisement which appears in our amusement columns containing par- ticulars as to rates of subscription and privi- leges of subscribers, and announcing the fact that then new libiary will be opened for ¡ business on Monday next, the 1st September The pieaent stock consists of some 10,000 works of all kinds. A large number of sub- scribers have already been secured. The establishment in Melbourne of such a library as this, which is after the pat tern of the lending libraries of Novcllo, of Augener, and of Schott in London, must ne- cessarily be of gieut use to the musical piofession, to students, and to amateurs. Ernest nutcheson, now aged 1? years, gave a pianoforte recital last night, in the hall of the Melbourne Athencoura. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch, Sir W. J Clarke, and Lady Clarke, were amongst the patrons who were present The nudience wns numerous, and highly apprecia- tive The boy played selections from Heller, Chopin, Mendelssohn, Beethoven, Henselt, Mozart, Schumann, Rubinstein, Schubert, Handel, and Robinson, be- sides giving live original pieces of his own composition produced at the ages of G, 8, 10, and 12 years. As exhibiting the pos- session of an exceptionally fine memory in one so young, the performance of last night was a remarkable feat, because the whole of the selections were played without book The original pieces, namely, "The Adieu," " 1 airy Revels," "Tempo di Valse," "Gondo lied," and "Tarantella," were highly inter- esting as displaying the development of imagination, as well as larger grasp of harmonious effects. The piece named " Gondohed," was redemanded and repeated. Amongst the selections from the known authors abovennmed, we may particularise, as Bhowing the early acquirement of com- manding technique, the " Lied ohne wortev" by Mendelssohn, No 4 of Book C, generally identified as the "Spinning bong," and the Schubert "Impromptu m F minor" While all the other performances were received with high approval, these called forth enthusias- tic applau»e They were the sure evidence oi the well grounded progress now being made under the Rev Dr lorrniicu's guid ance bj this cvtraoidinuij boj in a uueei which, undir favounole circumstances, should achieve the highest artistic leiiown During the mterv al, and at the request of His Excellency the Governor, the lad was pre- sented by Dr. Torrance, and received praise and the kindest encouragement from his dis- tinguished patrons. With the knowledge that funds are wanted to fit him lor the travels he must undertake before very long, it might be as well that the inhabitants of the chief provincial cities should be afforded an opportunity of hearing this young Victorian artist, in whose success all Victorians may rightly feel a real interest The piano plaj ed upon with such good eftcct last night was a new Bluthner grand, kindly lent for the occasion by Messrs Glen and Co, Collins street east During the evening songs vi ere contributed by friendly disposed lady and gentleman amateurs, and were well re ceived. Dr Torrance did duty as accom panist to the vocalists At the Theatre Royal the play "Jane Short" continues to receive very numerous patronage The audience last night was a large one, and the artistic acting of Miss Geneviève Ward in the name port was loudly applauded. Mr Gordon's admirable scenery, representing streets of London in the fifteenth century, also elicited considerable approba tion The play will be repeated to night and until further notice t The boat racing drama, "Formosa" was repeated for the last time at the Opera house last night Messrs A. T. and J. I\ Dunning will receive a complimentary benefit to night, when a full and vnried programme will be gono through, comprising the drama, "Robert Maeuirc," operatic selections, Mr Fleming Norton's monologue, a scene from "'lhe Hunchback," nnd several other dramatic and musical items The curtain will be raised at a quarter to 8 o'clock, in order that the long entertainment may close at the usual hour " The Parvenu " maintains it prestige as an attractive and amusing comedy at the Prin- cess s Theatre, and it is nightly witnessed by large audiences No change of programme is announced Active preparations are being made at the Opera-house for the production of "Romeo and Juliet" after the style in which it was played in England by Henry Irving. The Messrs. Dunning's lease expires to-night, and the directors, in conjunction with Messrs. Rignold and Allison, the new lessees, hove undertaken the re-decoration of this place of amusement, so that it will be closed until September 13, when it re-opens under a new title ns Her Majesty's Opera-house. The decorative designs of Messrs. Mounccy and Beeler have been approved by the proprietary, and this | firm will at once commence their work.' The tender of Messrs. Robertson and Moffat j has been accepted for upholstering and re carpeting the dress circle. Mr. George Rig- nold, one of the new lessees, is expected to arrive by the Liguria, which will reach Adelaide on Tuesday. The Bijou Theatre was largely attended I last night, when the final performance of ] Balfe's opera " The Bohemian Girl " was very well received. To-night Bizet's favourite opera " Carmen " will be revived with an amended cast, which will be found ¡nour amusement columns. Animportantannounce ment is made in the same column concerning ] the revised scale of admission fees at this | house. The final performances of Chiarini's Circus at its present site will be given this afternoon j and evening. The city organist will perform the follow- | ing selections on the grand organ this even- ing, at 8 o'clock :-Overture, " La Dame Blanche," Boildeau ; descriptive fantasia, " Smithy in tho Wood," Michaelia (de- scribing night, morning, the rivulet, morn- I . ing prayer, and the forge) ; operatic aelec-1 tion, " Martha," Flotow ; quickstep march, "The Parad«" (by request). Stanislaus-: I national fantasia on Welsh aira, arranged by David Lee; hnale, National Anthem A miscellaneous entertainment is ndvcr tised for the Total Abstinence Societj s weekly Peonle's Concert in the Temperance hall, Russell street, this evening, when the Burness Surprise Serenaders vv ill appear in a minstrel first part, followed by an mstru mental interlude, and a miscellaneous pro gramme of dances, songs, te The performance given annually for the benefit of the Dramatic and Musical Asso ciation is advertised to take place at the Theatre Royal on Saturday nlternoon, 11th September. Miss Genev lev e Ward, Mr W H. Vernon, the Theatre Rojal and Princesas dramatic companies, and Miss Emelie Mel villes opera companj have undertaken to assist We have received the following contnbu tions for the aged widow, Mrs Smith, who is incapacitated from work by blindness - AGL, £1, Dcrbin Vvillder, 10s Gd ,'I A'Beckett, ti Is , T '1 , ii, A 11, ii, N M , £1 Is , Juden, 10s , Mrs Stock, 5s , J ' V , 2*. W , A M'Kmley, ti Mr Otto Beril nor has sent us a cheque for £2 19a, which includes the following sums collected by him for the case -Mr Justice Iliginbotham, ti, W. Puyue, 10s (id , Mrs. Merrick, Kew, 8s , mannger of Goldsbrough und Companj, 5a, Sanders nnd Company, 5s , Couche, Calder, and Companv, 10s. Gd It is advertised that a meeting will be held at the Lyceum hall on Monday night, to protest ngumst the alienation ot Crown lands Meetings of licensed victuallers, to dis cuss the ensuing election for Legislative Council provmceB, and other matters of im- portance, are advertised to be held m tho suburbs. 1 rom Messrs. Johnstone, O Shannessy, and Co, ot Bourke street east, we have re ceived some excellent portrait photographs ot Ilia 1 xcellcncy the Governor nnd Lady Loch The photographs nre of two sires, the imperinl nnd cabinet, and they nre exe cutcd in the refined and finished style which distinguishes all the work of this firm Ihe likenesses are the best we have seen The usual open air temperance meeting under the auspices of the Melbourne lota! Abstinence Society will bo held on the Queen's wharf to morrow afternoon, at 3 o clock V e hav o been requested to draw attention to the sale, by Messrs Gemmell, T uckett, and Co, of the 1 ulham grange Extension No 3, Alphington, which takes place this afternoon, on the ground, at 3 o clock A\e are requested to remind intending competitors tor the appointment of pupil draughtsman and survejor m connexion with the ¡survey department, that their applica- tions miiHt be lodged at the Crown Lands ofiice by Monday next, the 1st prox We are asked by the Belgian consul, M. Jules Renard, to call attention to the adver tisement emanating from his firm, offering to supply information regarding the Antwerp International Exhibition, to be held next May. In reference to the timo for receiving the designs for the new municipal building for Collingwood, we nre requested to state that competitors must lodge their designs with the town clerk before 4pm on Wednesday, the 17th September. In another column appears an advertise ment announcing a beries of dramatic recitals by Mr Thos Wilkinaon, in aid ot the Printers' Banner Fund, and under the pa- tronage of the Premier. In our advertising columns is published the 11th annual report and balance sheet of the Victorian Permanent Building Society. We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement appearing in our amusement columns in reference to the examinations held by the Musical Association ot Victoria The following is the report of the Lying in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 28th August -Patients in hospital, 34, admitted during the week, l8, discharged, 9, died, none, remaining in hospital, 41 total num ber of out patients for the week, 132, new cases, 2G In addition to the amount obtained from the benefit recently given at the 'Iheatre Rojal for the widow and orphans of the late Fdmund Marshall, Miss Oliver, of Garten's Hotel, Swanston street, has succeeded m collecting a sum of £8!) 18s Od. lhe following is the list of the subscriptions - H Walker, ¿50 , Glascott Sj mes, £2 2s., IL Trancis, £1 Is. Friend, 2s , Mrs Slack, tis, A II, ¿1,1 Cates, £1 Is, II Lindsaj, £1 Is., Ike Allan, £2, Mr Harper, £1, I riend, £1 Is , Mrs. Lnckson, 10s , Mr Dickens. £1 la B'oshki Brothers, 10s Gd , T. P. 0 Brien, £1 Is., Mr Cockburn, 5s , W Jones, 10s , M OShannessj, 10s , lricnd, 10s , 1' Blashki, 10s. Gd , lion G Coppin, £2 , ?1 L Hellair, £1 Is , Mr Harwood, £1 Is Grattan Kiggs, ¿1, Dramatic Association, £~> 5s., Mr Cameron, £1 Is Peter Millar, £1 Is , W Millar £1, G B W Lewis, £L Is , Mrs. Leu is, £1 Is , Charles Harding, 10s bd , II P Ljons, 10s Gd , Miss I Melville, £1 Is , George Leopold, 10s (id , Miss Eva Daioiiport, 10s Od , I j larley, £1 Is Mr Woodroffe, £t Is 1 Bnuei 10s (id , A Grant M lilt} re, £l Is A tuend, lOj , Mr liainor, 10s , A 1 neild, 10s , - total, £89 18s. (id A meeting of the committee of the Fdmund Marshall Relief 1 und was held at the iheatre Royal on Wednesday '1 here were present Mr Alfred Dampier (chairman), Messrs Har wood, Glover, Jones, Lewis, Greville, 1 m mett, Titheradge, Gordon, Cary, and Garner The accounts received from the honorary treasurer showed that the gross receipts ot the matinee performance were £24211s 3d. The following donations had been received -Miss Myra Kemble, £5 5s , unknown friend, by Miss L Melville, £5 5s , Mr G Titheradge, £111s. Gd , Miss Lena 1 His, 10s Mrs Rennick, £2 2s , Mrs Piram 10s Gd , I II White, per Mr Gainer, £2 , Mr n De Mole (sale of photos ), £2 5s , making a total of £2bl Os. 3d The sum mentioned, with the amounts already acknowlecl¿ed,will probably bring the total amount to over £400 In nddition to giving the use ot the Iheatre Rojal Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove have contributed to the fund £10 10s Messrs. G B W Lewis, H K. Harwood, and J H, Greville were elected receivers and trustees of the fund and were appointed under a deed by Mrs Ldmund Marsh- ill 