AWAKING FROM THE NIGHTMABE, Truly, It is a mad world, my masters 1 and j. feel myself, at times, one of the maddest in it, when I see how powerlesB I am to reotify things on this topsy-turvy planet of ours. Poverty l« 00 crime in England, bnt tbe pauper Is treated worse. than the criminal, and the poor laborer worse than the paupsr. The criminal is fed, housed, and cared for, the workhouse pauper is fed, .clad, housed, and cared for; but the laborer must care for himself, and his boaBted liberty consists of freedom to suffer cold and hunger without restriction. But a change is coming over the spirit of this nightmare. The people are beginning to realise that they have natural '_hts of which they have been defrauded, and sunken as they are by the enforced ignorance of centurief, their intelligence has not been so totally eradicated that tbey are without a glimmering of reason to show them that if God sent them on the world with the desire to live and to multiply, He also provided the means. They are beginning to Bee that while short of all that nature needs except air, and perhapB water, they are paying for all the grandeur aronnd them. They are beginning to see that the hosts of gaily uniformed soldiers and polioe are maintained by them, and for the purpose of maintaining the system which gives to the loafer the earnings of the laborer. They are eager to listen to those who are proclaiming through the length and breadth of the land, that (in spite of what some political economists and some clergymen say) God did not eo love the world that He sent men on it to starve, and that with strict justice to all, poverty would be a thing unknown in the woild, and the toiler would have no more need to worry about his daily bread than about his daily air. They are getting a notion that there is some meanin in the verse of the old hymn, The birds without barn or storehouse are fed, From them iet us learn to trust for car bread— The promise secures ui, whatever betide, The Scriptures a&Bore; us the Lord mil provide. Yee, He will provide the manna, and it is for h UB to gather it up or to go hungry. They m are beginning to see that if ninety-nine a gather the manna, and store it up in the e bouse of one who gathered none, that the h ninety- nine deserve to hunger when the one non-gatherer only doles the manna to them W m the minutest morsels. The words of the noble patrician Shelley, who was hounded to death fcr pleading the cause of the plebeians, have been echoing through the corridors of time ever since, and tbey are now ringing all over the lind telling the people what slavery is; that 'Us to work, and have such pay As just keeps life from day to day In v our limbs, as in a cell, For the tyrants use to dwell; So that ye for them are made, I.oom and plough, and sword and spade; With or without your own will, bent To their defence and noarishment. 'Tis to see your children weak, With theic mothers pins and peak. 'Xls to hunger for such diet As the rich man In his riot CastB to the fat dogs that Ue, Surfeiting beneath hfs eye. 'Tis to let the ghost of gold Take from toil a thousandfold, More than ever his wbslanc? could In the tyrannies of old. 'Tis to be a slave in soul, And to hold no strong control Over your own wills, but be All that others make of ye. Asses, swine, have litters spread, And with fitting food are fed; All things have a home but imo— 'T Iiou, o. Englishman, hath none, This is slavery ! Savage men, Or wild beasts within a den, Would endure not as ye do; But such ilia they never know. Thank God the people of England are awake and reasoning together. We are in the same race in Victoria, living under the same nnjust, unnatural code of laws, and if we do not fight tooth and nail, we must sink and sink until we are up to our necks in slavery. Practioally the land has gone from us, and now in the bootmakers' lock-out we can see the struggle oommencecl for the loaf. But is grand to see how the sons and daughters of toil are united, and the result must be that 