SPORTING NOTES. The Penola Racing Club is early in the field with its programme, which is an excellent one. Particulars appear elsewhere.^ Space forbids a more extended notice in this issue. The Mount Gambier cricketers go to Glencoe on Saturday, at the invitation of Mr. Geo. Riddoch, to play a country team captained by Mr.;T. C. ElliB..;. , " . The spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was ushered in at Remington on Saturday afternoon under very favorable auspices, the weather being fine and the attendance large. The racing was good and not devoid of the sensational, the result of the Derby being a yary welcome surprise to the ring. In the opening ipvejit. the Spring Stakes, Malua asserted his right fa be regarded as one of the best weight-for-age horses at present on the colonial turf. He won rattier eisijy ftopi The Plunger, next to whom came Commotion. Off Color, Brown and Rose, and The Broker also started. A large field was brought out to con test tke Jfotham Handicap, Faivo being installed favorite. $tje gayp her backers little cause for uneasiness. The n>arje lay Jiandy all the way.and won a well-contested r$ce J5y fi tefn. Hastings was second and Anglesey third. The Maribyrnong Plate attracted no less than 20' youngsters, Melodious going out a warm favorite. She ran unplaced, however, as the winpe's, Ngwstead, won easily by four lengths, Monte Chrjsjfco faejijg- second and Bureldah a length away third." ffl}Jowed TJralla, The Teacher, and Lady Gidudia,. Royal Jnsh man was made a warm favorite for the Selling Raoo, and he justified the confidence of his friends by wjijpjpg easily. Stafford was second and Northern tight third. The winner, entered to be sold for nil} pe&lwef;} £250, Mr. A. R. Robertson being the purchaser. Iron hand was also claimed, and on being put up to auction realised £150. Then came the great event of the day, t-he VICTORIA J)pRBT, A Bweepstakes of 25 SOVB. each, 6 ft,, with 650 added; 500 sov8. and all the sweepstakes for the first tlQTBe, 100 for the second, and 50 for the third. For three year-olds-colts, 8st. 101b.;1 fillies, 8st, 51b. One mile and a half, Mr. M. Jacobs's b c Rufus, by King of the Ring . Princess Alice (O'Brien). ,, .. ... ..1 Mr. G, Davis's b e Pavid, by the Gondoljgr-Alice . Drew (Power) .... -.2 Hon. J. White's b c Bargo, by Maribyrnong GuelderrBose (Hales) .. .. ... ..3 The following also startedHippogrift, Sea Horse, Mozart, Leporello, Jlerrlmu, Tromando, Gratitude, and Sandal. ' Betting: 5 to 4 agst Bargo, 4 to 1 ajrst Mpzart, 8 to 1 agst Gratitude, 10 to 1 agst Rufus and Seahorse, 15 to 1 agst Sandal, 20 to 1 agst Hippogriff, Merrimu, David, and Leporello. The Derby candidates were not in as good humour as the younger horses in the Mari byrnong Plate. When they took up their position David exhibited p. desire tp fHjnihjlfite the pretensions of Rufus by a, vjcip\\}s kjck, which,: fortunately, did not take effect, but the line for a moment was broken. The horses, however, were soon afterwards got into order. When tne flag fell Leporello swerved, and ran against Bargo, which caused both horses to stagger. . The two South Australians-Grati tude and Sandal-were first on thpir lep, but Ivemy, and Merrimu, appeared determined to make the running, and assumed the lead. Passing the stand Gratitude, Trem&ndo;, Bargo, and Sandal, Sea Horse, Rufus, M<?zart, and Hippogriff were all together, Leporello bringing up the rear. Rounding the river side Merrimu was still in the lead, making the pace very merry, with Mozart and Tremando nest, Rufus was lying fourth, and the others were well together, close behind, Hippogriff soon after made a forward move, and passed Bargp. Approaching the bridge the order was Mernmji Gratitude, Tremando, Sea Horse, Bargo, Mozart, David, Hippogriff, with Leporello last. At the back there was little op iw alteration to note, except that Rufus, who was ' pulling hard, and was full of running, had quietly worked into the fourth place, .whilst Hippogriff also closed up. The field were well together, and at the abattoirs Gratitude made a run, but it was a mere flash, the beautiful South Australian filly dying away almost as soon as she got in front, At this time Merrimu, Tremando, Mozart, and Bargo were well together, and the hopes of the support ers of the favorite, who was in a good posi tion. ran high. As the field swept into the straight, Merrimu compounded, and David ran into third place, closely pursued by Bargo and Tremando, but he was not long allowed to occupy the pride of place, as Kufus with a wet sail came with a well-timed rush, and chal lenged David, The pair raced to the carnage paddock, when Rufus asserted a half-length I lead, which he held to the finish, despite a J game effort on the part of David. Bargo was two lengths away third, Mozart fourth, Tre mando fifth, Hippogriff sixth, Gratitude seventh, Sandaleightn, Seahoreeninth. Merrimu tenth, and Leporello laBt. Time, 2min. 4l£seo, Little interest was taken in the Uoburg Stakes, which wound up the day's sport. A large field started for it, Josephine beating Duration by a ' head} Flying Jib was third. Fewatead, the winner gf the Maribyrnong Plate, was bred in Adelaide by Sir Thomas Elder, and sold at his annual sale for 31 guineas. He is by Neckersgat (brother to Rapid Bay) out of Ada. It is reported that his present owner, Mr. J. H. Hill, has, since the colt's victory in the Plate, been offered and refused 2,500 guineas for him. Newstead had previously started twice, at Adelaide, winning on both occasions. The winner of the Derby,"like that of the Maribyrnong Plate, is a Soutn Australian-bred colt, and was bred by Mr. P, B. Coglin. He claims paternity to King of the Ring and Prin cess Alice. Last season he appeared in public twice (at Williamstown), but was badly beaten each time. At the V.R.C. autumn meeting he won the Nursery Stakes, The time was lm. 18$sec. He ran in the Caulfield Guineas, for which the stable backed him very heavily, but performed so badly that by general consent his chance of winning the Derby was pro nounced as hopeless. He has hardly been mentioned in the Derby betting of late, and for three weeks past tne quotation opposite his name has remained the same-namely, 100 to 8 offered. That a colt who was never in a mile and a quarter race at Caulfield three weeks ago could come out and win a Derby in fast time on Saturday last is one of those uncertain ties of the turf which, according to some people, constitute its greatest charm. The race was run in excellent time, and has only been beaten three times-namely, by Darebin in 1881, Navigator in 1882 (both of whom won it in 2m. 41^8.), and Martini-Henry in 1883, when the race was run in 2m. 39s. JEtufus was fairly supported for the Derby before the Caulfield meeting. He was backed before Caulfield by his owner (Mr. M. Jacob) for £5,000, which he tried to lay off, but could not_! The performance of Malua in the Melbourne Cup stamps him as about the best horse the Australian turf has ever seen. To carry 9st. 121b. and win a Melbourne Cup in3min. 31Jsec. is a wonderful achievement, and stands at the head of colonial handicap records. Always a good performer, the more recent one sets the seal to his fame, and deserves to be bracketed with the clinkers of all time. Malua was bred in Tasmania by the Hon. T. Reiby, and is by St. Albans from Edella. He is owned by Mr. J. O. Inglis. Ab a two-year-old, in his native land, he won twice out of three attempts, but he failed to earn a winning bracket as a three year-old. In the following year he annexed the Newmarket and Oakleigh Handicaps and the Adelaide Cup, and now winds up by placing to his credit the greatest racing event in Australia. Only second to Malua is Sir. Pearson's game old son of Panic, Commotion, who improved Eon his third of laBt year. The third horse, ausible, is also owned by Mr. Pearson. It is peculiarly fitting that the two best animals in Australia shoula run first and second for a Melbourne Cup. When The Pencil was sold, it was said that Mr. James Wilson disposed of him only because the articulation of his fetlock joints wasso de fective that he despaired of ever training him. Nothing daunted, Mr. W. E. Dakin, who pur chased him, persevered with him, and up to Tuesday he was going_ splendidly. In the evening of that day, on going to the stable, Mr. Dakin found the colt hardly able to move, and and was unable to detect the cause of this sudden ailment. It will be a loss to the colony if so promising a colt should be useless for racing purposes. At the Poena (India) meeting the Rajah of PBikpara's Australian gelding Trafalgar carried 9st. 71b. in the Free Handicap, and beat Loyola, Sylvanus, and Magqueraae. Mr. Maitland fancied Sylvanus, ana accepted 1,800 to 300 rupees about him ; but the norse cut up very badly, and Trafalgar won easily. The winner was bred at Kilmany-park by Hon. W. Pearson, and is by Lamplighter from Plying Colours, by Dola from Shiel-na-guira. Traf falgar also carried 9st. 51b., and won the Poona Handicap. At the Simla meeting the Aus tralian gelding The Turk won the Derby giving the Indian-bred Forget-me-not a couple of Btone and a beating. The racehorses Sardius, King Lud, and three colts bred ty Mr. Blackler have been sent to Melbourne to be sold. Thoroughbred stock is a drug in the Adelaide market. A well-known backer of horses took £1000 to £90 about Guesswork for the Melbourne Cup. He alleged as his reason for taking the wager that he had received a tip at a Spiritualistio stance. Next day the horse was scratched. Hard on the spirits ! Squatter, Last Card, and Narrung have been sent back to Adelaide. Squatter was thought to have had an excellent show of appropriating the Caulfield Cup, but he developed symptoms of unsoundness, and had to be scratched. The Adelaide horse Chester, about the best steeplechaser in Australia, is in the market. Newstead, by Neckersgat out of Ada (the dam of Mr. Weeks' Ghost), is said to have slipped over five furlongB in a tick under lmin. 4sec. on the training track. On the strength uf this gallop he was backed to win the Maiv byrnong Plate, something like £15,000 having been booked about him altogether: so that the good thing came off. It needed an Australian to show the English batsmen how Spofforth was to be played, The manner in which Bonnor. in the Smokers v, Non Smokers match, hit Spofforth out of the ground for 6, and drove him into the pavillion for sundry fours, created a furore. The mania for making " records " in Eng land is certainly not on the wane in cycling circles. Mr. R. H. English, in a 15-mile race for the Crystal Palace Challenge Cup, upon 11th September, not alone broke every previous record from 2 miles to 15 miles, but continued on and eclipsed the performance of Dr. H. L. Cortis by rjding 20 miles in 59min. 6 3-5th sec., beating' the doctor's fecofd by 14 sec. Riding the hour the pi§tpl was fire4, wher} he wag found to have traversed 20 ri}iles '^(j0. Tfjp English's times, are the best on recpn} from 2 up to 20 miles, At a sale of thoroughbred stock, Off Colour was bought by Mr. if. WUwik jw-i for 1000 guineas} Silver King, by Mv. J.' for 500 guineas. A yearling, brother to Navi* gator, was sold to the Hon. Jas. White for 800 guineas. The booth sites for the V.R.C, meeting realised £2,487, or £34 more than last year. The writer of " Pavilion Gossip " in Cricket says that the English cricket will be well repre sented in Australia during this summer, for in addition fc'q tlie pj^lfsh team, we shall have I. D. Walker, who'is'comj^'iort jtty? jGtanggg jyith Spofforth, G. F. Vernon, who 'was" nerd wjtfi Hon. Ivo Bligh's team, G. H. Hearne, the pavilion clerk at Lords, and young Henderson, the Surrey professional. TJje same writer is also responsible for the stateme]!ji't't}ia± I, J}. Wiil^pr jind A. N Hornby are retiring 'froin ^iv^'cpc^ef,1' It' js j}o$r announced that W. G. Grace, bwiri'g lo' the increasing requirements of his profession, will be prevented from playing in any other matches than those of his county and the annual con test between Gentlemen and Players. Cricket says that there is every probability of Murdoch s/jy.epiflgf f}}3 lffflg connection with New South Walef, as']a(9 'c^tppjplates spttjjng in Melbourne." '* . !: ." The following interesting paragraph isex: tracted from an English paper:-" In con nection wjfjh the tour of the Australian cricketers, wljicTf Ijtys jfasjt qqw cams to such a successful termination,* several §pTsqcjes ijave occurred which are' not'" generally"knpwi}'. Foremost amongst the enthusiastic supporters of Australia was Mr. L. F. Iredale, of Ghooli, New South Wales, who, being in England, made a point pf witnessing most of the matches. When any great victory ^equjred emphasizing he was always to the fore. At: tlie close pf the match All England y." Australia,," whep th£ latter scored' the largest 'number of runs re corded in a fipst-class match during the ,season, and Murdoch had 211 placed his cpedjt, Mi, Iredale secured the_b;>,ll ai}d' had^jt mqurjteq in silver and placed in a morocco casj3. In ad dition tip the sijver band encircling this cherished relic he had fixed upqn it a gilv'er plate, representing a'kangaroo triumphing over eleven lions lying about the field in prostraate positions. Previous to this Mr. Iredale had been fortunate enough to get possession of the ball with which Blackham so cleverly stumped the last t^ee b^sinen ji} tjie piatch Gentlemen of England v. Australia, and this he also l}ad handsomerly mounted and "presented to the famous wicketkeeper. In the very last match of the tour v. South of England, the ball with which the 1 Demon ' caused such destruction amongst the English wickets Mr. Iredale se cured, and at the same timp showed his partiality for cpicket by encircling it with a band pf gilyep and presenting ft tp Mr. P. R. Spoftorth. ' " * ' "" " ' The Mount Barker Courier is responsible foi the following :-" A mare owned by Mr. W. Wilson, of Mount Barker, which has reached the patriarchal (equine) age of twenty-three years, has just surprised her master and his neighbours by bringing forth astrong and healthy fp^l. TJie casp is ij}qre remarkable inasmuch | as this is the first occasion pn which she l}as attained thp dignity of motherhood. There pan be no doubt as to the age of tne mare, for she was bred by Mr. Wilson's father and has been in possession of the family ever since." 