jSermon. Sermon preached in St. Peter's, Eastern Hill, on St. Matthew's Day, 21st September, by the Rev. 8. G. Kent, at the ordination of the Rev. P. Bailhdehe as deacon and the Eev. W. T. Price as vriest. I heard the voice of the Lord, saying-, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us ? Then said I, Hero am I ; send mo.— Isa. vi. S. The Most High is represented in the text as speaking of Himself, both in the singular aud in the plural, the plural not being a pluralis majestatis, which was an invention of a later period.* Is there not here a dim foreshadowing of the truth, afterwards to be fully revealed, of a plurality within the unity, of the Trinity of Persons in the unity of the Godhead ? In relation to this very passage, it is a remarkable fact that St. John speaks of the vision which Isaiah saw as that of our blessed Lord and Saviour; Quoting from this chapter, he writes : ' These things said Isaiah, because he saw His glory ; and he spake of Him. Knowing and teaching that ' no man hath seen God at any time ; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, He hath declared Him,' he rightly regarded every visible manifestation of God as made in and through Him who said, ' I and the Father are one,' and ' He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father.' The. vision with which Isaiah was favoured was of extraordinary magnificence. It seemed as if he stood before the altar of the temple, and as if all the gates were opened and all the curtains were drawn aside, so that he could look right in to the holy of holies. Within the most holy place he discerned the glory of the Lord. He does not, speak of any similitude, nor does he venture to describe the appearance on the throne. He speaks of the throne, high and lifted up, and of the train of the robe of the King of kings as filling the temple, but he does not dare to liken the King Himself to anything in heaven or on earth. He represents the seraphim, glowing with ardonr and radiantly beautiful, as each one having six wings. With twain he covers his face, as unable to look upon God ; with twain he covers his person, as unworthy to be seen by God ; and with, twain lie does fly, as ever ready to execute the will of God. Eesponsively they cry — 'Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of hosts : the whole earth is full of His glory,' while the temple trembles as if agitated by an earthquake, and the shechinah fills the house. Who, then, can wonder at the emotion of the prophet, at his confession of impurity and un worthiness, or at his conviction that he was ruined and undone ? As, after the miraculous draught of fishes, St. Peter fell down at the Master's kneeB, saying, ' Depart from me ; for I am a sinful man, O Lord,' so Isaiah was constrained to exclaim, ' Woe is me ! for I am undone ; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips ; for mine eyes have seen the King, the Lord of Hosts.' But one of the seraphim touched- his lips with a live coal taken from the altar, and his iniqnity was removed, and his sin was purged, and he was able to hear the voice of the triune God asking, 'Whom shall 1 send, and who will go for us?' and had courage given him to respond, ' Here am I, send me.' Having received his commission and instructions, there abode with him ever after the memory and the grace of that which he had seen and heard, supporting him in the midBt of his discouragements, and animating him faithfully and fully to discharge the duties of his prophetic office, whether men would hear or whether they would forbear. The minister under the New Testament, like the prophet under the Old, needs a vocation. His is not a work on which any man who * The great kings of Assyria and Babylon and Pereift always spoke of themselves in tbe singular. pleases is at liberty to enter, regardless of fitness. He must be divinely commissioned. The prophet did not say, 'I choose to go,' but, 'Send me.' Aptitude and even desire for the work of the ministry need to be confirmed, and if any man believes himself to be really called thereto, he may be sure that He who calls him will, in His providence, make his way plain. The want of what is termed success is not always an evidence that a minister has mistaken his vocation. Isaiah was sent of God, but, in the ordinary acceptation of the words, he was not a successful minister. Men heard him as though they did not hear. Their hearts became gross, and their ears heavy, and their eyes were closed. Not that he was unfaithful, but they, disliking and rejecting the messages he delivered, suffered in themselves the necessary consequences and penalties of procrastina tion and unbelief. Where God's Word, honestly and truly ministered, does not soften, it hardens ; where it is not a savour of life unto life, it is a savourof death unto death. We are not responsible for the effects of our message, but only for its right delivery ; and who, unsent and unhelped of God, is sufficient for this 1 Buskin, in his Stones of Venice, says: 'There are two ways of regarding a sermon — either as a human composition or a divine message. If once we begin to regard the preacher, whatever his faults, as a man sent with a message to us, which it is a matter of life or death whether we hear or refuse ; if we look upon him as Bet in charge over many spirits in danger of ruin, and having allowed to him but an hour or two in the seven days to speak to them ; if we make some endeavour to conceive how precious these hours ought to be to him, a small vantage on the side of God, after his flock have been exposed for Bix days together to the full weight of the world's temptation, and he has been forced to watch the thorn and the thistle springing in their hearts, and to see what wheat had been scattered there snatched from the wayaide by this wild bird and the other, and at last, when breathless and weary with the week's labours, they give him this interval of imperfect and languid hearing, he has but thirty minutes to get at the separate hearts of a thousand men, to convince them of all their weaknesses, to shame them for all their sins, to warn them of all their dangers, to try by this way and that to stir the hard fastenings of those doors where the Master Himself has stood and knocked yet none opened, and to call at the openings of those dark streets where wisdom herself hath stretched forth her hands and no man regarded — thirty minutes to raise the dead in — let us but once understand and feel this, and we shall not easily bear with ornament or oratory in the mouth of the messenger. We shall wish that his words may be simple, even when they are sweetest, and the place from which he speaks like the marble rock in the desert, about which the people have gathered in their thirst.' God's messenger must not only be divinely commissioned, but also voluntarily consecrated. When the Lord asks, ' Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?' He waits His servant's answer, 'Here am I ; send me.' He does not force men into His service against their will, but inclines and attracts them. We pray to Him, as the Lord of the harvest, to send forth labourers into His harvest, not that we expect He will violently compel the reluctant to go, but will so win them that they will offer themselves. While we would have no man enter the ministry who is not well assured that he is in the path of duty, seeing its trials are so many and great, its responsibilities so oppressive, and its labours so onerous, that one had indeed need to be fully persuaded in his own mind that he is called of God to be able to hold on and hold out to the end, we would beseech young men of t.alr-nf. rmd pilnp.at.inn tr- p.nnsirlnr waII whfit.ner t.hfi IVTashpr hna nnh need of them, and does not call for them. Prayerfully and thought fully let them ponder this question, taking advice with such as are competent to aid them in arriving at a right conclusion, until they have a settled conviction that they have ascertained what is God's will concerning them ; and, if it be they feel that they are called to give themselves wholly to this work, then should each reverently say, 'Here am I ; send me.' God's messenger must be intellectually and spiritually prepared. Isaiah received instruction respecting those to whom he was sent, and was taught the message he was to deliver. The men who in our day are called to minister have a word to preach, even the Word of God, and, rightly to proclaim it, they must first of all understand it. This they cannot do without study. Moreover, if they are to adapt it to those whom they are called to address they must know the laws of mind and thought and feeling. This, too, demands long and patient application and attention. If under the Old Testament dispensation schools for the prophets were necessary, they are much more so under the New. Our Lord has taught us that those whom He places in charge of His household are to be as well-instructed scribes, able to bring forth, from rich and abundant stores, things new and old, adapted to the necessities and requirements of all under their care. It matters little how a man gets his training, but trained he must be. No one can give that which he has not, nor teach that which he does not know. He who is to be a workman without cause to be ashamed must learn how to work, and he who is rightly to divide the truth must be skilled in its anatomy. Men with comparatively little training may have been useful, but such have deeply felt, and invariably acknowledged, that they would have been more so had their earlier advantages been greater, or had they more diligently improved their opportunities. Spiritual preparation is even more important than intellectual. Like Isaiah, the minister should be one who has realised his own personal unworthiness and sinfulness. Men, and not angels, are called to this work, because an experience of the sinfulness of sin enables them to speak as angels could not. Those best qualified are the men in whom the conviction of sin is deepest. St. Paul, the most successful of all ministers, counted him self the least of the apostles, and not worthy to be called an apostle ; the least of all saints; nay, the chief of sinners. The man who thinks himself fit is, of all men, the most unfit. Only he who has had discovered to him the depravity of his nature, and has had forced from him the confession, ' Woe is me : for I am undone, be cause I am a man of unclean lips,' can ever be qualified to minister to minds diseased. Like Isaiah, the minister should be one whose iniquity is taken away and whose sin is purged. He must not only be able to preach the depravity of the heart but the cleansing efficacy of the blood poured upon the altar, from which the live coal laid upon the prophet's mouth was taken, and also the renewing and sanc tifying power of the Holy Spirit's baptism of fire. He must be able to say, as one who himself has been forgiven, ' I believe in the for giveness of sin,' and as one who is- himself the habitation of God through the Spirit, ' I believe in the Holy Ghost.' Like Isaiah, he should be one whose eyes have been opened to eternal realities. He must have looked beyond the things which are seen and temporal to the things which are unseen and eternal, and must have spiritually perceived the King, the Lord of hosts. The hidden secrets of the holy of holies must have been so laid bare to him that he can experi mentally speak of that which he beheld concerning the Word of Life. Like Isaiah, he should be one whose ears have been unstopped to hearken to the divine voice. God speaks not only in the mighty thunderings of the law, but also in -the still small voice of the gospel, and His messenger must be able so to convey His utterances that sinners in Zion shall be afraid and mourners comforted, and that iniquitous rulers shall tremble and timid children be allured. Finally, like Isaiah, he should be one whose lips have been touched with heavenly fire. The more accurate his knowledge, the more complete his mental furniture, the more thorough his intellectual training, the better. We do not despise the laws of logic and the rules of rhetoric, but we value before and above all that spiritual unction which alone can enable us to preach with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven, and without which we shall be as sounding brass or a clanging cymbal. Permit the preacher to commend to the prayers and sympathies of this congregation the brethren about to be ordained. Few know the struggles of mind and anguish of heart through which they may have passed. It is not a light thing to sever the ties — personal, social, and religious — which have grown with our growth, and strengthened with our strength ; and to surprise and grieve and, possibly, to alien ate precious relatives and friends, who find it hard to believe in the purity of the impelling motive and the reality of the constraining conviction. Neither is it a light thing when, as iu St. Paul's case, some of those to whom such may assay to join themselves are afraid of them, not crediting them with sterling integrity and unfeigned sincerity, and not appreciating at its full value the cost of the step they take. This is St. Matthew's Day, and we remember that no men were ever more obedient than the evangelists to the injunction, ' Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth ; a stranger, and not thine lips.' Bach one of them faithfully recorded his own errors, and left to others the work of recording his excellences. Had St. Matthew's been the only gospel written we should not have had even a hint that any sacrifice was made by him when he became our Lord's follower. His occupation was a lucrative one, and, so far as this world was concerned, he gave up not a little when he obediently responded to the Master's call ; but he himself speaks not of it. St. Luke, however, tells us, ' He left all ' — implying that he left much— ' rose up and followed Him.' Blessed are they who are permitted to give up anything for Eim, who though He was rich, yet for our sakes became poor, that we through His poverty might become rich ; and doubly blessed are they who, although poor, make many rich by preaching Him as cradled in the manger, as extended on the cross, and as exalted on the throne ; as the Light of the world, as the Life of the Church, and as the Hope of humanity; as the Saviour of sinners, as the Kighteousness of saints, and as King of kings and Lord of lords. 