Review. Leaves from the Diary of Henby Gbevtllb, edited by the Viscountess ENrniiip. Second Beiies, with portrait. London : Smith, Elder, and Co., 1884. A continuation of the pleasant gossip contained in tne volume or selections from the diary or Henry Grevillo, published last year, -will be welcomed by a large oircle of readers. Those who take it up with the expec tation of finding it a counterpart of that chronique scandaleuse whioh was left for the astonishment of his contemporaries, and the pos sible edification of posterity, by his brother Charles, will indeed be disappointed. On most of such, matters as the latter was remorselessly explicit in regard of, Henry Greville is reticent. In recording his impressions of the many dis tinguished people with whom he came in ?contact, the dissection of their private characters evidently formed no part of his plan, and it hardly needs the assurance con veyed in the short prefatory remarks contributed to the volume before us by the Countess of En field to convince anybody who peruses it that her uncle was an amiable and good-natured man. Amiability and good nature would, it is 'true, be scarcely sufficient warrants for bringing him before the world through the medium of a printed book, were not these qualities associated with others more directly calculated to render the experiment both pleasurable and profitable to the public To the special opportunities which he enjoyed of mixing with the best society of his time, he brought the powers of a well-cultured and naturally discri minating and observant, if not particularly origi nal mica. Born in 1801, he entered the diplomatic service when something over 30 years old. EiB connection with the Foreign Office gave him a minute acquaintance with European politics, and he appears to have maintained continued relationship with several of the continental statesmen of two or three generations, though his career in the diplomatic service terminated as far back as 1844. A private income, which was sup plemented by the emoluments derived from the post of gentleman usher, which he held for many years subnequently at the Court of Queen 'Vic- toria, apparently sufficed to meet all the require ments of the very agreeable sort of life he led, and which was prolonged to the ripe age of 71. The diary is regularly resumed from the concluding entries in the former volume, which closed in 1852, and a goodly number of its open ing pages are devoted to the then all-absorbing topic — the death of the great Duke. The account of the lying in state, of thefuneral procession, and of the imposing ceremony which took place when the remains of the hero of Waterloo were de ' posited in his last resting place at St. Paul's are ;very interesting. The next important event . which he notes is the proclamation of the second French Empire, and the sinister predictions which were uttered respecting it, by people reputed to be the cleverest Bighted, both in England and France. There were few who jthen conceived the probability of its eurviving for as many months as it actually lasted years. (Greville witnessed the marriage of Napoleon, 'and thus desoribes the Imperial bridegroom 'and bride : ' The Emperor looked ignoble (as he must ever do), and seemed ill at ease in a uniform so tight that he could hardly move — his face flushed, and never looking from under his eyes, but with that peouliar stealthy glance he has with Ms eyes -half shut/* ' The Empress was well dressed in a q own of whibeveloursepingle,'wiih. a jacket trimmed .'with large diamonds, a cestus of the same around her waist, and a magnificent necklace in front ; A crown of diamonds on her head, with a veil.' In May, 1853, at a party in London, he sees ;' Thackeray, who has just returned from the tfnited States, where he has been delivering his lectures for the last six months, in which time he [has cleared about .£4000. He is come back full of enthusiasm for the Yankees, and with a longing to return, which is, perhaps, owing to his success there. He says, however, that he never heard an uncivil expression towards this ..country or himself, and that he met with con stant Mttdness and hospitality. He says the feelings' of the upper classes towards us is mostyf£riendiy, but he admits that the lower oroSrs abhor the name of England.' The portion of the diary which is comprised in the present volume embraces four years, from J52 *p 6G; and, as these cover the period of the Crimean war, there are, as might be expected, numerous references to the moving incidents of that struggle. As, for the most pare, they treat 'of things which have often been mentioned before, they may be passed over. But one little anecdote of that stirring time is worth re peating — it relates to the Admiral of the Turkish fleet — clearly an Oriental anti- type of Sir Joseph porter, K.C.B. The Turk, as an' English official fxild Q-reville, ' was very eea sick and obliged to go to bed, when hearing a noise which disturbed him he inquired what it was, and, on being told it was the rudder of the shin, he desired that it might be immediately talon off! ; Greville has more than one good story to tell which has the rare merit of not being an old friend in a new dress. Here, for example, is a Ion mot o£ O'ConnelTo. 'When Lady H ? went to Dublin as Lady. Lieutenant, Dan remarked of her that 'she had every quality of a kitchen poker, without its occasional warmth.' Equally characteristic is Sydney Smith's saying of a dashing widow, that 'When Mrs M ? appears in the neighbourhood, the whole horizon is darkened with Majors.' He quotes the rather happy retort of & man *ho was arguing against the theory that Bacon wrote Shakespeare's plays, and who said that it would be quite as reasonable for his opponent to maintain that Lord Brougham was the author of the Waverley Novels. DiningatHollandHouse in April, 1856,he meets Macauley and the celebrated French litterateur ^Prosper Merimee. 'Nothing' he writes, ' is so wonderful as the universal knowledge of ; Macauley.' Lord Lansdowne asked him if it were likely that Sir Josuah had painted Lord Bath because a portrait of him had been proposed to Lord B. Maeaulay imme diately said, ' Why not ? ' He died in a certain year — both of which he named — and the only reason against it being by Sir Josuah is that Lord Bath was very stingy, and, perhaps, would not have paid a high price for Ms portrait, even to Reynolds. 'But then/ added Macaulay, 'Sir Josuah's early portraits were not very highly paid. It was a question of Shakespeare's reli gion. Some one said he was probably a Protes tant, and quoted the famous lines in ' King John ' as proof. Macaulay said the lines of the ghost in 'Hamlet' relating to Purgatory might be. adduced in favour of contrary assump tion, and that Shakespeare never spoke of monks and other Catholic constitutions, but with re epect. Probably, he said, he was, like many other . men of that tine, against the supremacy of the Pope, and that his religion floated between Pro testantism and Catholicism. Greville thus briefly sketches Merimee : — ' He is very clever, and has ft shrewd countenance, but is too cynical to be pleasant. He speaks .English with great fluency .' AsEnglish gentlemen of thepresent day are still confessedly somewhat. hazy in their notions of these colonies, it was excusable in Henry Gre ville, writing nearly thirty years ago, when in referring to the Victorian Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, he comprehensively described the posi tion to which the latter had been appointed as that of ' the Governship of Australia.' An ardent admirer of the drama, Greville, ?was ' immensely struck ' with the aoting of Eistori, whom he saw for the first time at Paris in 1855\. The play was Alileri's '? Mirrah:' People of course,' he eays, ' compare her with Bachel ; but no two actresses can be more unlike each other. Bistort has more calm, more tenderness, more grace, and is more natural. She has, per haps less power, less mordant than Bachelj but I doubt ii anyone could act ' Mirrah* more finely.' He, however, thought that she was only supreme in the expression of tenderness, till on seeing her shortly «fter in another drama of Alfieri'B— '?** Rosamunds' — he was so im pressed by the vehemence ?with which, she inter preted the terrible attributes of that character that !he. declared it 'prevented his sleep ing all night.' Yet, in strange contradiction . te this opinion is the fact, as he heard, that Charles Dickens, who witnessed Eistori during her first season at Paris, thought her 'a hum-; ljup,*'andfelt confident that 'she would never . ' m3fmr3xL^padad^' and that Thackeray also;' 1- Jts ^ii*iii^W;#TA;-3»?TiflllV ::****!*-Q|» Wh-Jr# her at all.' Few who have seen the great actress will dispute the perfect correctness of the diarist's comments on the whimsically adverse criticism of the author of 'Copperfield' and the author of ' Vanity Vair.' ' The first,' he observes, 'is simply ridiculous, as time will prove ;? the second is a mere matter of taste, and, to my thinking, very queer taste.' Elsewhere Dickens is pictured more as himself when speaking of a dinner at which he had inet Georges ISand. He was ' very funny about the illustrious authoress ; her quiet manner and little person were not at all what he had expected. He said he had always figured her as a sort of glorified monthly nurse. She is short and dumpy, with enormous eyes and a disagree able mouth, a gentle voice, and, as Dickens said, a gentle manner.' One more brief sample must finish our extracts from this entertaining book. At the baptism of the Prince Imperial, the infant, on being handed to the officiating cardinal, set up a prodigious yell. 'It is easy to see,' remarked the Parisians, ' that the poor child doesn't care to trust himself to the clergy.' As Henry Greville survived some 16 years later than the date to whioh the second series of his diary is brought down, it is to be hoped that it did not cease there ; and, if not, that his noble kinswoman may yet see her way to publish some further leaves from it. 