<PciM talmas. OUR NEXT PUBLICATION.—In consequence of the Christmas Holidays, the nest publication of the Herald will be deferred till Saturday evening, 27th instant OOR SUPPLEMENT —Our Christmas supplement, presented to subscribers this issue contains: — Big Jack, a story of Common Life ; by Donald Cumeron. Onr Pardner ; n Gold Digger's Story. Ike's Sin, a story of the Sea ; by Waif Wander In the Signal Box ; a Station Master's Story, in rhyme. The Residency Ball, n story of the Indian Mutiny ;by Capt. Bneston. Father Fogarty's Front Teeth; a Mystery; by RoU. P. Whitworth. Ghosts or no Ghosts ; by J. C. To non- subscribers, the charge for the Christmas number of the Herald will b® Mxpence. MATTHEWS' CIRCUS.—Tn-day Mattl ew's World Circus arrived at Latiobe, and will perform this evening opposite Bramich's Royal Hotel. By advertisement in another column it will be seen that the troape includes a very powerful company of riders, gymnasts, acrobats, clowns, etc., who perform on highly trained horses and ponies. The band is a great attraction, and will perform in tbe open air from seven o'clock till time of opening uider the direction of Mr. H. Ward. The circus will be open again to-morrow and Friday evenings. Last evening the circus was received at Deloraine by a full house, notwithstanding tlie rather inclement weather, and high wind prevailing. ACCIDENT.—John Heid, aged 15, con of Captain John Reid, master of the ss. Wakefield, has been admitted into the Hobart Hospital suffering from A burnt face, emived by putting kerosene on the gnlley fire. CHRISTMAS DAY SERVICES.—Serices will be held nt the various hurches on Christmas Day. BUCKLEY'S NEW HIBRRXTCON COM- PANY are playing to good houses at the Mechanics' Institute, Lauoceston. The Examiner speaks in high term* of the entertainment. SAD ACCIDENT.—OH Friday last a very painful accident occurred to a man named Qolriing, on the Kindred road, near Hainilton-on- Forth. Jt' appears that whilst rarnin<; home a charge of powder for Wasting an explosion occurred, completely. blowing away parts of the unfortunate inan'n tace, rendering him a pitiable'and quite unrecognisable ohject. 1 he chin was almost carried completely away, and we are told that the face : tears no likeness whatever to human features. The sufferer had a fine constitution, and is still alive, though in a very precarious condition. TURPENTINE A CURE FOR SNAKE- BITE.—A correspondent of the " Albu'y Banner " residing at Qundoring writes, as ' follows:—" On' the 25th: October my dog was bitten on the foot by a brown snake. I sent a distance of a mile for some spirits of turpentine, and durrng this time the dpg appeared, to be in a dyine state. I, however, .'.Administered the i$medy as poon as it .arrived, and the effect was at once noticeable, the dog appearing to rally immediately. I repeated tbe dose three timeB in four hours, nd next morning the dog 'seemed perfectly racoyered. I may add that this is- not thefirst instance in my experience of similar results from like treatment, as in the year 1851, at WoomHig&ma;, a dog was bitten by a snake fm the Mir, And six hours alter-! wards I found it apparently lifeless. I pplied turpentine to the wound,, and welve hours afterwards the dog rallied.";' SALVATION ABMY—The local Salvation A' tny Brigade have been holding services to full congregations since the late imprisonment of Captain Hatcher nd Lieutenant ,Ty)»i% and tlujgetlier,. the'Court case appeare to ha^e dohe their meetings more good than harm. Captain Long, from Launceston, gave a Joeal song on the subject of the trial hn Saturday niglit, at tbe barracks,' causing much amusement : t thf expense Of Rome ofthe prtmecutorh." On Sunda'v well attended 'meetings w«iv held it the Odd-Fellows* Hall. In another column a contributor ims favored us with the song mentioned abo^e. RECEIVED.—We have received the "Tasmanian Catholic Standard" for December IS, containing a large amount of local and foreign newis. COSTUME CRICKET MATCH.—It has been arranged locally that a' costume cricket match, between eighteen La a trohe residents and eighteen of the Mathews Cinsns Troupe,' will be played in Mr. Atkinson's show yard paddock'/ on Christmas Dav, the proceeds to be handed over to the widow of James Theodore (lately drowned at Kimberley's Ford). The circus team bear the title ot the " Horribles," and the folfowing will be included in the circus representatives:—Cockney Ward (capt); Ohm? the Masher; Comical John Cook; Johnny Sharman, Perry the Droll; Bernard the Grotesque ; Billy Burns the Windjammer; Payne the light juggler; Southerwood, the Kingsmeadow Crack; Warnnambool Jemmy; Willy Cole the Pie Biter; Cmpire, Billy Underwood the Good Templar; Count Readman; Mr. Podge the Peter-st Basket maker, August Gilbert! the Macaroni Chewer, Paddy Matthews the Latenston Cheesemonger; Scorer —Sir Roger Bums. The following will be in the field for LatrobeO. W. Shaw, Wandering Minstrel; Coram, Sundowner; J. Clarke, Nigger; W. Wood, ditto; F. Hodge, Maiden; L. Biggins, ditto; G. Bennett, Chinaman ; Macgnire, ditto ;E. Cook, Policeman ; Marshall, Sundowner ; C. Ear], Zulu ; R. Earl, jun, Robinson Crusoe ; Crooks, Athlete; Stevens, Constable. The circus band will perform on the ground. OF UNSOUND MIND.—To-day a lad about 17 years of age : named Martin, a resident of Sassafras, was arrested for being unable to take care of himself. It appears that the iad hBB been wandering about of late and behaving in a very eccentric manner; henee his arrest. LATROBE BAND OP HOPE.—The Latrobe Band of Hope held their usnal monthly entertairment at the Victoria Hall last evening, wben a full house greeted the amnteurs who took part. \ very good programme was submitted and thoroughly appreciated. At the close ot the proceedings several' signatures wers added to the now long roll f the society. ' *' ' ' CRICKET.—The following are cricket fixtures ir- ChristmasDay—AtHearps's second elevens of l^ew Town and Railway Clubs. Boxing Day—^t Lairobfe Sassafras.?. 1st eleven Railway; Moriarty v* 2nd eleven Railwav, Dec 27—At Latrobe—Bailton v. 2ndeleven Railway. LATROBE DISPENSARY.—It isnoti6ed elsewhere, that.the above dispensary will be conducted under the superintendence of Dr. S. R. Smyth, with Mr. G. tad man as manager BANK HOLIDAY.—Bv Government notice in another colum it is announced that Saturday next will be observed as a bank holiday throughout the colony. '•{'.''•• ; WHO We have been hesiegedwith inquiries as tp whose duty it is to remove the dead dops—victims of the late poisoning raid—a number of which are lying about the streets. We cannot say whose special business 1 t js to attend to such matters, but' we o know that unless the abominable nianncb is speedily abated there is very probability of an outbreak of ever in out midst. For two or "three ays an immense carcase lay opposite Mi. Pad man's shop and another had been thrown into tbe creek. We were glad to find the former hud been removed this morning, and the latter had floated (or been cairied) away from the tear uf the D. H. office. HOLLOWAT'S OJKTMENT.—Bad legs* wonnds, ulcere, and ill description of sores are' cured by the proper and diligent use pf. these inestimable prepsiratioris.' To attempt to cure bad lfigs by plastering the edges of the wounds^together iB folly, for shoald the skin unite, a l>ofigy, diseased condition' jwnaina nndorneath, to break ' out witb tenfoljl fnlj "in^a few'days. 1"he only,rational and permanent treatment, as indicated by natnre, is. to reduce .the inflamation in' and abonfc the worind, to soothe the neighbouring nerves, ip cool the heated blood as it coureM alongits vessels, and tb remler its watery. iohorotjc dis-; chnvrre cnnfislent and healthy. Holloways' Pills likewise betakentopurify tho, blond am' <-xpel the noxious humour from the systim—ADVT. *y, ...4% 