LAHD BILL OBSTRUCTIONISTS. ' TnE desire o£ the moth for the star, of the night for the morrow,' as the sweetest of poets sings, is not stronger than to Mr. A. Gr. Taylor is the attraction of the Permanent Force. Strong enough in the first instance to draw him into the force though not to keep him there, it may be difficult to say whether it is the memory of the heaven he has lost or of the hell lie has escaped from that now most moves him. Perhaps it is a somewhat mixed memory with the latter rather predominating when he thinks of that terrible ' discipline ' and counts up the punishments of a year, yet turning again to the former when he remembers that he has the right to be considered in some sense a military authority and proceeds to criticise and condemn the Gommander in-Chief. That it is a dangerous attrac ? tion as ever singed moth's wings the hon. member has proved from the very first. Even in his Parliamentary career, it has brought him once into serious collision with the authorities, and it was not his fault that on 'Wednesday evening it did not do so for the second time. It is rather a pity it did not. A . fortnight's furlough to recruit his sadly wasted energies would do the hon. mem ber no harm, while his absence would un doubtedly be of material service to the progress of the great measure whose deliberate delay has probably quite as much to do with his hundred and one devices to keep himself before the coun try and the Bill before the House as any other reason. Certainly there could be no such urgency in the appointment or ' non- appointment of an extra captain to a military force already, according to the hon. member, over-officered, and itself \- superfluous, that it should have caused the loss of another night to the progress of a measure for which the whole country is waiting. Even if the hon. member's method had been as unobjectionable as it was outrageous, the mere dragging forward of such a matter at such a time, as he must have known to no earthly good purpose, could only be regarded as an other of the miserable shifts to obstruct the Bill to which he seems to be always ready to lend his able assistance. There is, no doubt, a party or fragment of a party whom the steady moving forward, even at something of the proverbial snail's pace, of the Land Bill is anything but pleasant, and who jump at any means of delaying the measure on the chance of goodness knows what devils luck turning up in the chapter of political accidents to defeat it. The chance may seem a poor one, but it is better than certainty the other way, and it is an open secret that for this hopeful party the hon. member is always the most willing and easiest of tools. Even if he were not, it would only require a little patting on the back, a little gentle flattery and the necessary priming to start the 'coming man,' the 'Premier of the future, ' on the war- path on his own account. Whether it is that his military instincts were too early nipped in the bud by uncongenial discipline and are only now in the freer field of the Assembly beginning to assert themselves, or that he really fancies himself a sort of political Sir G-alahad, privileged and able to 'carve the casques of men,' or simply that politically he must live and, as he said of Mr. Melville, must do some thing for his living, may be doubtful. Probably he hardly knows himself, but it is certain that if he had been half as obedient to orders under his old com mand as he is under his present one, he would have saved himself a good deal of trouble and her Majesty's Permanent Porce a very serviceable recruit. Of course it is denied that there is any such obstruction, but who can doubt that not only Mr. Taylor's adroitly ' put up ' adjournment motions but half the ' crucial test,' as Mr. Cameron calls the talk upon talk and amendments upon amendments defeated before proposed, to which the Bill has been subjected so far, have been meant for nothing else ? It is ridiculous to say, as that hon. gentle man did at the Mayor's banquet, that the I minute criticism, always by the same critics, of the Bill not only clause by clause and proviso by proviso, but almost word by word, is simply an evidence of the desire of the House to do its duty and a security to the country in so important a matter against ' flippant' legislation. The House shows its sense of the business by leaving the verbal critics pretty well to themselves till called upon to vote against them, which it invariably does over whelmingly, and so though the Bill pro ceeds very much on its original lines it is at a rate to suit no one but those causing its delay. In any case, whether meant as obstruction or not, it must be evident to these minute philoso phers that their ' crucial test' has that effect. The real crucial test is in the divisions, which have been invariably against them, and the real flippancy with those who, without a ghost of a chance of any real success, do not hesitate wan tonly to delay what they cannot hope to defeat. 