WHERE WAS, THE VATICAN CHURCH WHEN ST. PAUL WROTE TO THE ROMAN '/CHURCH? Many years ago Lord Mountcashel, who died just lately at an age approach ing a century, engaged somewhat rashly in personal efforts to convert Irish Romanists. His qualifications for con troversy were not so great as his zeal. Lite some well meaning people of this day he thought the way to convince was not to touch on the errors of Popery at alljlbut simply to indulge :in a little bene volent pietude of a general and mild des cription, to which the Roman Catholics would >assent of course, having nothing tangible .to - dissent from. As we might expect the Priests soon saw his weakness, and played on him. Hewas travelling in.1 one 'of: the old coaches from Cork to (Fermoyj; having opposite to him a jolly looking' P.'P.- who evidently understood Father Macguire's receipt for whiskey punch, and my Lord conceived the idea of :" improving the occasion." So he asked him if he had any objection to his reading asehapter from the Bible, "None whatever," says his Reverence with 'a .twiiikle of his eye.'1 " Is there any por tion which you will prefer ?" ," Yes , thanki you my Lord, be go'od enough'to read a chapter -from i Sti1 Paul's epistle :to the Romans." So>,Mildrd 'read the chapr ter, and paused for a while: then ''he asked if there was any other part which the' priest yu'eferred : who immodia'tely said — -" Will you ' now read his epistle'to the; Protestants.V < i : This 'was only 'a fforih of the ;'usual argument1' of 1 the GhurchV St: Paul wrote to the'Romans,' not' to 'the , Protestants therefore, th'e- Roman- is'the old. and the true - 'church. In point of -fact,iSt. Paul when writing to the Roman .Church teas writing5' to <a-' Protestant Church.' .Since all the - doctrines' of 'his .epistle are Protestant;' and ' non-Roman inithe modern -sense. ! ' ' . i Take, first the -Introduction and 1 Con- , elusion, of the 'epistle. ' -Dotheyeast '"any light1 on- -the Inquiry; where the religion ;of .the modern -Church of Rome, was when Paul wrote his epistle to the ancient one ? "Among the most fundamental of all the tenets "of modern Rome — indeed the basis ef. her whole ecclesiastical system— is the Supremacy of Peter,— that Peter was the prince and head of the apostles, the first 'Bishop or Pope of Rome, and the ruler, ;after 'Christ's ascension, of the universal Church: Strange, in thiB case, if Peter -washlie Prince of the apostles, and the Bishop1 or ' Pope of1 Rome, that; Paul should Have -'thought of sending an epistle to Rome ' at'all ; but much more "strange that. Betiding one, -he ':should -m,ake no ' acknowledgment in it of Peter whatever, no'-mention "even ' of his - name from' - the commencement tb the' close!1 1 Supposing theprince of theAapoktles 'to ' liave? 6ciii-- deseended so far as 1 to ' accept the1 aid ;of an1 epistle "at the; hand1 of :iari inferior apostle,' we should !a,t 'least 'have1 expected some acknowledgment of him iri the intro duction ; we should scarce have1 expected thejepistlo to open; thus;—'' 'Paul1, 'a ! ser- 'vant' of JesuB Christ; called-; to -be ah apostle," etc. pver; 7/ 1 '"to %lliithatl'bei in Rome; -beloved of God, called '.'to ; be saints ; grace to you;;and peace," 'and so on:- 'But'we turn to the conclusion, and there; in; the last' ch apter; ; we fin d a 's'eries -ofiaffectiohate salutations sent by Paul'fo tof the'" 'leading "persons' in' the Roman Church ; 1 his ( friends ! and' acquaintances, '-'.;ib'cludihjg'severar-feimale8.-';';TKfi8,-';at-'thre third verse; " Greet Priscilla and Aqiiila;" etc; J .ver. i), '"Likewise greet the bhnrch that is in their -houseii Salute" my" well- -beloved Epehetus," etc. ; ' " Greet Mary," etc.'";-!-,f!'Salute Andronicus -and Juriia;" etc;-;1'" Greet Aniplias/'ari'd bo on - ver. 14, " Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, 'Patrobas , Hermes, and the brethren which are'1 with them. Salute Philologus, and J ulia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them. Salute 'one another with an unholy kiss." The' catalogue is done ! Where is Peter ? Where1 was the prince of the apostles and the Bishop of Rome ? : Shall we say that nearly thirty years after 'the ascension of i Glirist 'he had1 failed- to enter on, Lliis coih- "iriissipri, to take pessession of Lis1. 'see;? 1 'Or; "shall1 -affaiiPof Peter's supremacy and Roman- bishopric ! was-but'-tho figment, and convenient m- vehtioh and dreamy of ai,lateriage'of the 'Church ? ' - ' 1 j , 15 ' ' " Observe,' now, the following rule of the ! 'Council 'of' Trent; . de libfproMhitisx—. ' " Since it-is ihaiiifest -by 'lexper iehce, 'that if the Holy Bibles in the vulgar lahjguages .are .permitted to ; be 'read . everywhere '.without jdisCL'imin'atidnjjmpre hannVtban : . good; . ariSps; . let rtheVj judgment .of . 'the .bishop.or inquisitor ..be abided -.;by in this particular.; so that, after consulting with the parish minister or the confessor, they may grant permission to read translations of the Scriptures made by Catholic authors, to those whom they shall have understood to be able to receive no harm, but an increase of faith and piety, from such reading ; which per mission let tbem have in writing. But whosoever shall presume to read these bibles, or have them in possession, with out such permission, shall not be capable of receiving absolution of their sins, un less they have first given up their bibles to the ordinary. Booksellers who shall sell, or in any other way furnish, bibles in the vulgar tongue to any one not pos sessed of the license aforesaid, shall forfeit the price of the books, and shall be other wise punished, at the pleasure of the bishop, according to the degree of the offence." But now read the opening of ourepistle, — "Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle," etc. ; ver. 7, " to all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saintB." Why, this whole epistle to the ancient Church of Rome is addressed to the laity , — " to all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be Saints." No word of bishops, con fessors; inquisitors, ordinaries, parish ministers, licenses. A large proportion of holy Scripture, bearing confessedly on all the most profound mysteries of the Christian faith, is ' sent ::td ' the laity. Scripture takes the very forth and shape of a letter: to them— ofi course .incl "ding I the: Ministry .also, but '"to all that be in Rome, beloved of God, callod to bo saints " —just as we shall soon find: the apostle, in the body of the epistle, making con stant reference, to the' Old Testament Scriptures, as a volume within reach of all his readers, toiwhichrtheyhadfreeand unrestricted access; 'and of I which ; ) they were quite < as competent) 'to i form a judg ment as -the men of Berea; of whom it is said1 iri the Acts ofithe Apostles, that .'they " were : more noble than i tho fe of Thessa- lonica, In > that 'they received; - the word with all readiness of mind; ;and searched the. Scriptures daily; , whether those things we're so.-': Where- was the religion ofithe modern Church of Rome when Paul wrote his epistle to the ancient one ? : -We might have, noticed yet 1 another particular in 'the introduction— the defi nition which is given in it of " the saints,"; r— "-to.r-.all. that be -in Rome, beloved' of God;. called- to' be saints." According- to this > -, epistle i to ' the ancien t .0 h urch of Rome; all believers' alike are saints— all that :are beloved "of» God," / 'fscalled" effectually" unto the fellowship ofiiis son Jesus -Christ. According' : to 'modern Rome; however, " the saints;" are a-privi- 1 leged andiselect class; of j Christians, taken out from all the rest, canonized '(as they express iit) by! the Pope, and raised to the rank of a'sort. of demi- gods,1 to be invoked and/worshipped.' <>i ! ' - . !>s Among ithe Heading' and1 most ' distinc tive tenets of modern1 Rome'Sre these : — The voice ; ;of the ' Church;! not Scripture; the: ultimate->rule''6f faith— the "expiatory sacrifice of the mass— that';there'is a'pur- 'gatory.t after death,- wh ere: the -'s o u 1 s df t he faithful are. detained til 1 they ' have "expi- ated by; suffering the sins in which they departed froth this: life— that' 'there are classes' 'of fains, venial; whichi'dri; not' de: serve eterrial death; and 1 mortal',' .which "do .—buman: satisfaction for 'sin— the"tnerit ofi good works; with- the.' supererogatory or superabundant merits bfi'thei saints- the seven i sacramen ts! of penance,' extreme iunction, etc.— that - the saints reigning with> Christ are; to '-be invoked and. wor shipped—that 1 prayers are'to be 'offered forith'e dead as Well 'as for the living, arid SoionnNow; the first1 thing whieh cari- uotffail .to strike every candid miri'd in re spect to these tenets, even on a! very' cursory glance at the first eleven' chapters of the epistle to the Romans, is this, that here are evidently two different religions,— that if that if that be' Christianity; the epistle tb the Romans is not ; and if this be Christianity, the religion of modern Rome- is not. No breath; no semblance of anyione of "these tenets in this epistle to the ancient Oburch of Rome— an epistle, be it'observbd"; which was desigried manifestly ; to erri brace the wh ole range 1 of sacred- truth! r'- r.rBut' n'ot "only have f we 'rib word of any 'of " these' ""tenets in 'thi8?1epistre;'t:o ' the ancient' Church of Rome, but :it places ' an express'; "negative on the greater part of them beforehand; ; and'' 'by ' ariticipatiori' ) On tbe' 'expiatory sacrificetWf the mass, the Gouncil'of Trent issues tlie 'following decree :— " If any11 bhe l'shall'affirm that the 'iBacrificbMbf (the mass > !is "only one of prnise- and " thanksgiving ' or a 1 bare !com- memorationf of the ' sacrifice finished on the crossj but -that it- is' noli propitiatory ; ' or that "it 1 is/'ad vautageous only to him that ("receives '-'it; - arid ought not "to be ' offered for the living and1 the dead, for their sins, " pains, satisfactions, and bther necessities, let him be accursed." But what saith the epistle to the ancient Church of Rome? " Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect ? It is God that justifieth ; who is he that con- demneth ? It is Christ that died" — diod, not that is being still offered, again and again, in sacrifice to the Father, by the hands of miserable men, but " died" once for all — " yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also malceth intercession for us" (Rom. viii. 33, 34.) " There is now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus" (viii 1). Or, take the kindred tenet of a purgatory after death, where- "the souls - of the faith ful are detained till they have expiated by suffering the sins in which they departed out of this life. But in our epistle, " Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth ; wlio is he that condembeth ? It is Christ that died.V " There is now no condemnation to them , which are in Christ Jesus." Or. stake modern Rome's doctrine; :in generalp'of the merit of good .works. Hero it. is in the canons of the Council of Trent:— " If any one shall say that the good" works of. a ; justified man are so tlie gifts " ofGod, as: that they 'are not also- the/good- merits of ; the justified person himself, ror " that "the; justified person, by the good' works: which ! he performs,- through the grace of' God ; and the merits of Jesus Christ,1 of whom ; he is alivingimeinb'erpdoes not truly merit , an 'augmentation of griice; eter nal life, and, if'he' shall not fall- away-froin : grace, the > attainincnt'of that eternal' life; andcalsoiau increase . of iglory, 'let! hitri'.'be accursed." But''whab saitlv!this' epistle: to '.the ancient Church of. Rome ? ! 'By the? deeds iof'the law there shall'.no fl'esh be'justified' in1 his sight : "for?hy the" lawlis! tltei: knowledge of sin '' (iii. 20.) ' '."'If-by one man's offence death reigneal by.'onej' .much . more 'they which receive abundance" oftgrace. and of the gift oflrighfcebusness, shall reign in; life;i// one Jiesus 'Ohrisfr" '(v: 17) ; : i "For the wages of sin is death" (in passing, what comes'of Rome's ' venial sins : that do not deserve eterualdeath1? "for "the" wages "of sribis death,") " but the gift of Gco& \& eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord " (vi. 28). ' / ' \- To come to matters of practice accor ding to modern Rome, there is tlie'two-fold one of duties which - are" indispensably obligatory "on ; all;' and" 'duties which are rather counsels/ -"counsels of perfection," as they1 call 'them;; 'or-""1 evangelical 'coun sels,"1 nob1 indispensably1' obligatory, "ex cept in order -to'-rench 'the high'er .-walks' of the spiritual-life; and- attain 'the- higher summits of heavenly blessedness, and' to be. largely meritorious1 'in the saving of others. Of these last1 there are chiefly three— vows of -perpetual celibacy, -vows of perpetual povorty;and; vows of monas tic obedience. No breath of- any one of them in Paul's large 1 exposition- of. duty; No breath of vows of' celibacy ; strange if there were in the - writings of an '.apostle whosays elsewhere/" Marriage ihonourf abie in all I1" ' No 'breatlr'of-j vow's1 of! per petual (pbyertyp-'/unless ';it'"be;i'inlifthese wbrds!/of the"j twelfth 'chapter; "ver. 13; " Distributirig 'to the necessity of saints'; given ; to - hospitality ! -N o .breath 'of vows (' rof mo n astic obedie'fiee/ unless 'it! he in<the''elevbrith'Jversebf!the'>samebhbpterj " Not slothful in busiiiess p'-'ferverit'lin japirit f /'serving the . ;Lordj! " 1 Strange, that in so large an exposition' of duty; arid practice;' we'; should' have' no reference at all to 'the.1 very 1 things by -'whichK alone the higher - walks' : of " the "'divine life are " to ' be ''attained; arid 5 th'e ("loftie'st eminences in1- heaven, are'"' to be rea'ch! ed, arid( the' souls of' other ' irieii iri' the eternal world ' most largely/' beriefited ! But passing to ' modern; Rome's duties that are 1 (indispensably bbligatriry' upiori all, one of these is the confessing : of all, even the 'most' ; secret and shameful sins, into the ear 'of a.'priest— so iri'disperisable, according1 to the mbdern 'Church of Rome, that no mari,'from prince to pieasant, can obtain of God fiorgivoness of sins: without it! No breath of it, however,' no sem- blatice of it,1 or approach to It, iri'Paul's exposition of duty. Another is the offeririg of prayers for the dead/respecting ' which it' is' to he observed that, if it'be a duty. at all; i t m ust necessarily be One of the most vitally important 'character, for this plain reason, tbatrall the persons living on the earth for whom we can pray; are' but a handful -compared with. those who; in the ages past", have departed' out' of' this' life'. Tet Paul, though' he dwells iu the twelfth chapter- bn a greafvariety-of duties' and offices of love f flowing out " of .the coirimuriion of saints" (thus ' " distribu- injg to the;necessity 'of faints," " rejoicing with those that rejoice; and weeping with those that weep,'' &c;), gives not the re motest.. hint of the 1 duty of praying for them after .".theirdepaYturri:..- from'.1'" th'e world: Ariotiier. of moderri Roirie's in dispensable duties iri penance,— the en during and discharging of certain penal- ties imposed by a priest, in part-satis faction to God for sin. No word ot penance, or anything resembling it, in our epistle. Another is abstaining from certain kinds of food ou particular days of the week, under pain; of mortal sin ; and yet another is the observance of end less days dedicated to the memory of the saints of modern Home. Perhaps it is not enough to say of the two last that Paul's exposition of duty is. a blank res pecting them, since we thus read in the fourteenth chapter, at the third verse :— Let not him tint eateth despise him that eateth not. and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth : for Q-qd hath received him, : 1 Who, artithou that judgest another man's 'servant'?; tovhis own mas ter he standeth or falleth -vyeal'lie .'shall be holden up j1 fqrGb'd datable 'to 'make him stand. ' One. niaa'/esteeimeth one day above ; anbtlier j/another; esteemeth every day alike: Let every riiau.be' fully persuaded in his. own mind.; Ho , that regardeth the dayregardethit unto the Lord ; and he that regardeth not the; day,! to- 'the Lord he doth- not regard It; - He ' that - eateth; eateth to .tho-Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he 'that eateth . uot, to the Lordi he.:eateth ?not;: and - giveth . God thanks. .. .. . .. For the .kingdom of God is not.meat and drink, hut'rigliteous- ness, and , .peace,- and joy. in the Holy Ghost" (Rom. xiv. 3-G; I7). ! , See where the religion ot' modern Rome was indeed, iwhcn' Paubiwrivtc his epistle to"1 the ancient' one." "' We -have - seen whore it was1 not— not;!certainly, in the mind of(the apostle Paul, as assuredly it is: not In-, his writings. ; ,But it existed, ueyortheless, at that time - it existed in seed and' germ; 1 in', tho -se) f-'righ teimsness, carnality, corruption of the'iilleii heart- oven as.. Paul speaks, in. another epistle, " For the > mystery of iniquity doth already icork only he: who now lettoth will let, until: he be taken'.; out : of the : way-; and then shall that 'Wicked be rovealerl; whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit'of his" mouth, and' .'shall. 'destroy with'1 the brightness of his coming ; even him whose 'coining ,is. after., the working; of .Satan, .with ; all:, power,; jaud . signs; and lying w.onders, and with alb deceivableness -of unrighteousnessA in itbem . that i perish;" And further, - see-; the wisdoin of the adorable Go'dj inmbt .only predicting' the rise, develop merit, \arid finaloverthro\v,'.ol' this gigantic -. system before it; had yet taken formtfbr,- shape, -but providing, (ber forehand the., witness of -this noble epistle agaiustlt providing the antidote for the disease: ere, it had' yet broken forth,-— ay, and in the very city where it was chiefly to make its appearance! Behold him who " declareth-thejend lyom the beginning, and from aricierib times th'e tin rigs which are not yeb'done;'8ayitfg7My"vcbunseI shaU'stand, and I will do all my pleasure." "But' see, again, the fearful ' strength of the , de pravity' of tbe : faUeii'f h'&rfe;,';..in; 'that-'the antidote riot only failed1 to.check pr.cqrrect the disease, - b ut it broke, out aud reached its deepest virulence in the very, city, to which the; antidote' iwas specially aridlm- mediately sen t. - vThusdoes It 'appear how no external-" . bar riers?' will;!!suffice '.tp'-roll back the advancing tide of human' corrup tion arid wickedness! ' And yet again, see the peculiar wickedness .of the priesthood of Rome, in that, professing to receive this epistle— not rejecting the Scriptures as ayowed(infidels,jbut 'professing' -to receive them as ( divi nej- they' actiialiy;atteirij)t to father their own inventions upon them ! Well;-there is ari adbrable "Prbvideriee to be, seen here :a|so!: 'For. thus/are we able, out of .their , o,wn, mouths, ,.to.£.condemn them. Thus aye. we, so fatleast com- mon ground, with them ' and in this, as in many othrir ivays, (have" they 'prepared the materials, of the ' ultimate, tfet e.btiori' 1 arid destruction of their' whole system to gether. ,, 1 Bo it remembered, Hhat/ palpable "as is the contrariety of the religion of' modern Rome to this epistle, and „to"tlie (whole Scriptures,' yet' it.7s!!thei' religi6n;!ab' this hbur/of'the'largeSfc'part of "Clinstendoiri, And be It bqrn'e' in mind;: that this has riot come ( ' to 1 pass by - any accident, or strarijge' - ari'd'1 fortuitous, concurrence" of circuiristarices'/jbrit1 according to the ex press prediction 'of God's' ownVmrd; and in virtue' of! a'profb'iiridly skilful 'a'dapta- tiou of Popery to the' corruptions of the fallen lieartr''. 'And' still -further let it'be borne in mind; that the: Papal power is evidently, at this!ti me, putting forth huge efforts' to regain' its lost ascendancy over, the. British race : at home and in the colonies (to gain which wore to gam the key of the world), and hitherto with but too large a .measure 'of. success. - Tlie : Popislfc-Vicerov.— i'lio'Mar- quis of Ripori, iViceroy; of India, is doing, his utinost to oncourago popoi-y in.Iadia, aiicl.tho Provincial Governors seoin, to bo stimulated to zeal in the same direction." His patroiiiigo of the Jesuits has encouraged an influx of this. objectionable order. The highest offices in Lord Ripon's gift are given, if possible, to papistB ; judgeships in the High Court, nnd Local Government Secretaryships, are given to the lucky pnpists. Cardinal Howard lauds his zeal, and eulogises his administration. Roman Catholic Lord Ripon was appointed by Mr. Gladstone to represent a Protestant Queen and country, and that is how lie dors it. He really represents the foreign pope, and uses liis influenco in his interests. The. Marquis at first was rather popular owing to the lavish distribution of his great wealth, but for some time has been extremely un popular— indeed is bated by the Europeans, who earnestly have desired his withdrawal, and look anxiously for his successor, Lord Dufferin. The Romans and tlie Maam- trasna Murders.— The Express since it became the property of Mr. J. G. O'Connor and others has assumed the r61e of a Home Rule organ. So much might have been ex pected from the proclivities of, its principal conductor. In its issue of September 27 nn article is extracted from ' tlie Irishman of August 16, entitled, the .'.'.New Maairitrasna Horror." In it .the allegation is put forth that Mr. George Bolton : induced Casey and . Philbinto swear away the life of Myles Joyce. The two witnesses havo, it is, reported, con fessed: their perjury to a priest, and their statement has been submitted . to fthe Lord Lieutenant of Ireland by the Popish Arch bishop of Tuam. A writer in tlie Express ; under the nome dc plume of Aongus, certifies to the truthfulness of-iho two appr.oyers. and the innocence of the. culprit. His caso-haB been re-considered, arid the result turns the tables upon the Home Rulers and: their con freres in this .'colony. Tlie Daily, Review of the ,22nd August 'says " The Irish Govern ment havo como lo tlie. conclusion,, after ,inr vestigatiou of the evidence, that; there wa3 abundant, testimony, irrespective ; of that, given by the informers Casey and Philbin, to justify the conviction of Myles Joyce and' the other prisoners for the Maamtrasna mas sacre. A document containing the reasons of the authorities for refusing to re-open the caBe will shortly be forwarded to the Arch-' bishop of Tuam." The Graves of the Prophets. —Tlie Sultan haB annulled the sale of that part of the Mount of Olives at Jerusalem where the graves of the prophets Haggai, Zachariah, and Malaelii are situated, which the Hussiau priesthood would fain have bought. : The place is sacred to the Jews, it beingithe burial place of their prophets, i and is to remain their property for all time. Sale of Rosaries.— The Rev. A. J. Matthews; a Roman Catholic priest' in Eng land, writes to an Ultramontane- paper "An advertisement appears in the columns of several Catholic newspapers offering for' sale Rosaries, blessed by the Holy Father., ; It may not be any business of mine, but as no one else has thouglff proper to; do so, perhaps you will permit an insignificant. reader of your, valuuble jo'rirnal'.' .tb; remind i- intending, pur-, chasers of blessed Rosaries, that,, the . sale of, such, articles: is unlawful and isimoniacal, and that their purchase is eqnnly. so." Revenge, of History. — The Southern Cross remarks that; the " revenges of history" are finely illustrated and also empha sised, by the fact mentioned by Dr. Beard, in a letter to the Congregationalist, that when the German Eniperor rode into, humiliated .Paris, at the close of tho Franco-German war, not less than eighty, members of his personal staff were descendants of the Huguenots who had been formerly driven from France at the dictate of Papal authorities. It is a long ac count which France has to'settle for the Re vocation of thoEdict "of Nantes." 'What tlie Rits Really iFight for.—" The Rock says : we have received. a copy of the hymns sung at the anniversary of St. John's Sunday School, Horbury Bridge, and it is really distressing to think that little children should be trained, as. these hymns indicate that those of St. John's, Horbury Bridge, are, to think that religion consists in contending for the special doctrines of Ariglo- Catholicism. This will hardly be denied when we state, briefly, what the hymns' were. There are five on the' paper; ; Th'ejfirst con tains the following verse :— . .. Ask they, what we fight fpr ? ; . 'Tis the Blessed Christ ; , ; Present, really, truly, In His Eucharist. : The second is a , prayer, in Bix long: verses, to the child's guardian angel, beginning f'Hail; mine angel,, pure and , bright 1 V The fifth verse is peculiarly objectionable — Grace ask for me when I strays For forgiveness yearning, J And joy with1 me in' the' way 1 ' When from' error turning ; So shall I5 till" life's last close Be God's faithful servant, And a trust inHim repose . Ever sure arid fervent. The third hymn is pne .for the laying of the foundation-stone of ia, church, ana, begins, with an> invocation; of the Blessed Trinity, follow ing which are the lines — i: In the name of saints departed; , And the bright angolic liost. Keble's Annunciation. Hymn,: " Ave Maria, blessed Maid," i'b the fourth selection, -and " Faith of our Fathers " the last. Here we have not only the Real Presence in the Sacra ment; taught' 'as the first tbirig. which a young Churchman should contend for, "but-wiiat is far worse— the direct iritercession of guardian angels, the invocation' of saints departed; and something not easily (iistinguishabie; by tho youthful uiind from Muriolatry. Is it with out, a cause tiiat Protestant Churchmen are anxious for the future of the Church they ove/so well ? " 24 Knots an Honr.— A cablegram states tliatthe Cunard steamer I7m6riaattainod the extraordinary speed of 24 miles an hour on her trial trip. What the speed of ocean going steamers will be fifty years hence and by how much the length of tho voyage to Australia will have been shortened it is hard to say in the light of the present rapid rate of improvement. The Austral was regarded as a marvel, but she is eclipsed in power and size by this last addition to the Cunard fleet. With tho exception of tlie Great Eastern, tho Umbria is the largest vessel afloat. Her. length is 520 feet (170 feet short of that of the Great Eastern), her breadth 57 feet, and her depth 40 feet. Her gross tonnage is : 8,000, and her engines were constructed to develop the enormous force of 12,500 horse power. She is buill entirely of steel, has five decks, the promenade deck extending for 300 feet amidship, the entire breadth of the vessel . : TliePi.S.'W Loan. — Tenders for the ; New South Wales 34 per cent, loan 'of £5,500,000 which was placed on the London market, were opened last Tuesday. £13,500,000, i more than double the amount asked for was, subscribed. There were 1,350 tenders, the ; maximum being at 98, and a syndicate offered ; to take up tho whole loan at £93 12s. £92 was tho minimum fixed, and £93 13s. 6d. is the average realised. Altogether the loan which is the first Australasian 34 percent, has been floated satisfactorily, and that tho credit 'of the colony is good, is evidenced by the: news that portion of the loan has already been resold at 94 and three eights, a profit of :14S. Sudden Illness of tlie Pre mier. — On Tuesday morning the? Hon. . Alexander Stuart was suddenly taken lll at: the railway station, on his way to-his office. He was driven in u cab to his room at the public offices, and was attended to by Drs. - Cox . and Mackeller. The attack is of the: nature:of a paralytic seizure; his- loft side being. paralysed.; On. being placed on a sofa, lie slept almost until midday. Since then his condition has been improving and on- Thurs day ho had partly regained the power of his; left arm, and his speech was quito clear. Everything has been done to make tho rooms comfortable for the patient. The Hon. W. B.i Dalley,. Attornoy General, has been' almost constantly with < his prostrated "leader and friend. . He is attending to tho business of the Colonial . Secretary's office until other arrangements can be made. Mrs. : and Miss. Stuart- are. with: Mr.- Stuart,, and every- caro is being, taken to -ensure" a speedy recovery, but.it is not expected that even\vith complete repose it will bo possible, to remove him. to- his ; own home, for a'.fortnight or- mora;- The greatest sympathy is expressed on all sides,;: telegrams have comeffrom nlbparts-of the country, and .from the other colonies nnd numbers, of anxious, enquiries ; are daily made at the Government: offices. The? seizure is attributed to the great strain of .? overwork. We earnestly :.hopo to see Mr. Stuart- soon: : restored to health. - It:' will, 'however . be wise ;of -the Premier to take a ' good long, rest before buckling on his harness again. . - Peter Campbell . — The . sometime, bush missionary, fnirthought lecturer, editor of the now .defunct .-questionable TFas/>, ap- : pealed at the Mplbonrrie General Sessions: against an order of the, Melbourne Justices, directing him 1 to pay 30s. per week towards his wife's maintenance; was concluded. Camp bell charged Mrs.' Campbell with immorality, ; and alleged that a deed -of separntion had been agreed to. The case was' decided on Monday; when ' Judge Quinliin said that he : was convinced that wheh this docd of separa tion was executed' Mrs. 'Campbell' did", riot know what she was doing. Ho dismissed' the appeal, and "refused; to state a - case, .and Campbell was removed to gaol, in default' of finding .sureties .for,. .the.,', payment, of tlie amount weekly. , . Quito recentlyVthia ' Peter Campbell,, sued for and . obtained heavy damages for libel from tlie Victorian" Banner, and the award holped-to strangle the life out of i that much needed,, though ill-supported, Protestant paper. In the -reports of .the case between Campbell rind his wife,- Campbell shews - very -badly.- Yet he -was- awarded damages' from' the Victorian Banner, because that journal dared in the: interests of 'the public, to takqhim to task, for turning, his coat; That money should now Be returned, to \t\\\o Banner fourfold. It waa unfortunate that our, Vic- torian ,'contemporary ever ' took? tiio plausible Peter up. For ourselves so little, -faith; had we in the quondam bush tiiissionriry that wri refused his .proffered :advertisinonts,,re7 turned , his, money, and, declined, , his, com munications, and we much regrot, in the light of, after, .events,, that WxaVictorian Banner did not jake the friendly, warning, we, sent- her, on noticing his name in - her columns ;: for ne- glectmf which she suffered so severely.. ; 