JACK: FLYNN'S STORY.. By ,R. PI.WHITWORTa., " I non'T know," said Jack Flynn, slowly, as hd' thboughtfully'pressed the tobacco" down into his pipe with the end ota' black hoenr finger, " Iao hot know that'I do know mueli of a yarn, not to call it a yarn, soOin' as how spinnin' yarns is a line:of business, as I've never paid ubch'attention to bdt if joi'ldon't mind, why I dbi't mind, telling'yo 'about tile biggest fright' I ver got in my life. Bat' befoao.I bdgin I want to know does any of ydu chaps believe in spdrrits ? I don't mean sporrits' td drink, 'cos I knoid ~ost on you dock that, but I do mean real right dowrn sperrits of ddiad people,' ghosts, you know. The men looked uneasily at eaoh other, but no one spoke. "Very'ivell," Jack continieod, "then' I'll say'as you don't or 'you do, as ' the ose may bh. I don't, Idaltwayi, I didn't until but that's the yarn. Bost on you'knows the Mlanoroo plains. I 'inaidt that part of the Maneroo about thie Snowy River and there abouts." : There was a general murmur of assent, and Jack went on :' '" I was down thireo in sixty-two, a kind of kridic.labout.man' on old Allen's station, and a rough time I had of it hi' them days, you may bet. 'Just about then, you may' remem ber, the Araluen diggings, away up to the north'ard, were giving out, and the number ofswagmen weo had making their wtay over to Gippsland was' a caution to snakes., Of course there were some good men among 'em; but, taken altogether, them Araluen diggers-leastways, those of 'em who came our, way- weore just about the worst lot I oever set eyes on. They seemed to me to be the very sweepings of Australia. .Sponge and cadge of course they, did,' and you couldn't much blame men who were right down on the bed rook for that; but steal, by gosh I they were the biggest thieves unhung. o-. thing came amiss to 'em. Nothing eas too hot or too heavy; ond I tell you, it needod you to keep your eyes 'skinned when any of 'em were round; and, as some of 'ein gene rally were round; we'd a lively time of it, you may guess. Well,: one day, just before sundown, I was standing talking to Andy Carr, the' men's cook, wheh we saw, coming over the rise, two swagmen. Of course, we thought .they were coming down to ask to stop In fho huts for the night, as usual;' but, to my surprise, when they saw us, they turned oe; from the track into a little patch of scrub, and theroe they camped. 'At 'the 'distance wljen tliey turned.away, we could neither of Us make em out very distinctly ; but I had sharp eyes in' them days, and Icould see that one of 'em was a little 'blnckan-vised chap, with a moustacho and a goateo board; the other was younger, and'had light hair and no beard. I couldn't tell wvhy, but it seemed to me that he turned palo like when be caught sight of us, 'and that the other spoke to him sharply; then, as I said, they turned ofi sharp into the bush. "' I 'don't half like the looks of those chaps,"said I to Andy; ' it looks to me' as if they were after no good.' . "'Well, mate,'" ays Andy,' laughing, Sthey won't find much to collar hero; the last lot nearly cleaned usout, but I'll keep a bright look out.' " But they didn't trouble us; 'They made a fire, boiled their billy, and when I left the hut they had, so far as we could see, wrapped themselves up in their blanketl,',nd gone: to sleep.. I startcd away for the house, as Iuned to bunk in the kitchen'; batsomohowI couldi't get themr chaps out o' my mind.' When I "got to th' house I told Mr. BDell, the super., bit he laughed at me,,and told me to go to bed. So I did ' but I cotldn't sleep. 'I'll have a peep at them chaps if Idie for it,' says I to mysell; so up I gets;puts'on my clothes, and slips out. It was half 'moon, and from whore stood on a bit of a risse;I could see the gleam of their fire 'through the trees. I dodged round the back of the house into a belt of scrub, and crossing the' track behind the rise, got into tlie bush on the other side. After that itwas easyenough-I soon reached the patch of scrub where they were camped. Iwas too far off 'to hear what they said very plainly, .for they were talking; but I' heara , one call'tho other a fool, and it seemed to me the other was crying;' I listened, but could only make out 'something like ! double back -oross 'trak.' The one who was talking had arough harsh voice that I fancied I'd hoeard before somewhere, but couldn't tell where. At any rate thinks I,.' I'll know it again wherever I hear it,' and away I stole back to bad.': "Next morning I was down at, the o'ok's hut, and there, sure enough, the two men were still'at their camp having breakfast; By:and-bye they peaked up their swags, and passing the hutt a a little distance, 'went ofl along the South -oad. 'ltried to get a better look at 'em, but they'd both gbt their billy: cooks' pulled low down, and I couldn't see much 'of 'em. I did see', hoiover; 'that' the young follow looked uneasy arid'as i;he wap trembling with fright. " ' "'If :those two blokes ain't boon p ' to something,; or are going to be up to some. thing, I'm a Dutchman,' said I to 'Andy Carr, but he oily lunghed in his quiet wayJ and said I was, always a findin' out 'sond maro's nest or other., ' ' " S I 'said, nothing, but took a' quiet walk to where the men hoad: camped. There was nothing there but the ashes of the fire, and - turned away, wondering what made me so dubious about them., Hallo I what was that lying under' the grass tussock, there ? A knife, 'a common wooden-handled sailoral sheathl nife. :I picked it up, and examined it. 'Nothing 'particular, 'except that it had the two'lotters J:;.'roughly out into the hat and that the point was broken off. Lord mates; of what little things the big things o this world are made up. I was nearly throw. ing it down again as worthless, and if I hat -whow I t" Later that day canme another party of owagmen from the North. They called at the hut, and enquired if we had scen a party of three pass lately. They were surprised when we told them about the two men we had seen, and still more surprised when I described them, and showed them the knii fe had found. "'That's Joo Steel's knits,' said one of themn. 'I know it well. I had it in my hand only three or four days since, cutting up tobacco. . But the point wasn't broken off thon, so far as I rcoolleot.v But wlhore the deucue has Phil. Dovino got to ? Ie started with them;,' or was to do, anywnyl The swagnmen vwont on their way, and I kept the knitafwhy I hardly know, but I did, and in the business ol the station the matte? almost paosed oiet out of my mind. Almost. But that same night a curious thing hap period. Standiing on.ih' veranda?? n thd?ght sreawi fittie 'uddenly. dait across the road from below the hut; into the think soroub I don't know what' peooessed me, but I followed leisurely in the 'direction of thellnast night's camp.: i' coold see nothing, hear nothing, and on reaching tbo'eainp' I was about to. go aook,. fanhy.ig my'os had, doceived me. Nothng, did I say? ,flaot by' George, there was something. SOmebody' load bcen?rthehr before me. The ashes of the.fie 'had been raked up, and still bore'th'l.:mrlrk's of the scratching of 'himdn flnger.' stood still and listened. Notas sound,_n.,t crven the' falling of a leaf. I cooeyed;' 'F answer:. '1 searohed thei bushes, but caald fina?i ' trac, even of a trodden tassock or. a broken branch. 'All wa still, silent is death. ' ' e" Now comes the 'strange part 6' my story, and thoseo who don't bolleve it can'-do the other tbing: .'..'Fr my part, Ishy and sweoar that It is true, 'unmitakably, itorlly, tro; vorery word of it. _.?, "Xb6ut a'week After I had fouid' the. iniif, and by this time' I had nearly forgotten all about the whole affair, J Was sent out to find out the camp of a mob of stray cattlo that had not been sooeen for'aomo dayh. I mounted my brown more Jos,' took with me a sharp little collie slut that I had"trained to track cattle, and away I stareted. First I wont eboth,' but could find no trace; then I strock off"'for the: 'westward, 'and after 'lhours of scrambling nup and down the rugged spura and gullies of that rougheontltry, was fain to give' it up in that direction. Keeplog northward along the loot of the range, I soon found myself In a part of 'the country of which I knew next to nothing. It was a wild, scrubby place, the last in which to find a cattle camp, and yet I persevered. I know these were a valuable lot, and as I had often said that with my dog I could hunt the beg gare out anywhere, I felt my teputstion at stake, and determined'to find the beasts, even if I had to camp out for, it. Bardly heeding where I went, I travelled on antil nightfall, but, as I know the moon, which was now in hier third quarter, would rise soon, I hokept on my route. After a time I got myself, I know not how, into a thick tangle of low scrub and open forest, which 'seemed to stretch on for miles. I was as one in a dream, and rode slowly forward, almost'uneonscioue of where I was going. The moon had risen, and her pale light showed me at a little distanco a clump of thick timber,' and into this I rodo boldly. Thenou, and not till then, I realised that I did not know whore I was, that, in, fact, I was bashed, and to make matters 'worse, whilst I was in the very think of it, a cloud suddenly covered the moon. Still I rode a little further until right in the very heart of the forest I came to a swamp. Go ing back was usoless ; going forward impos ibal; a'eoI leisurely.took off the saddle and propared to'camp. 'To my astonishment my mare was bathed In a foam of perspiration, and was trembling in everylimbliko an aspen leaf. Just tlion, too, my dog, which I noticed 'had crouched close to my feet when I dis mounted, let out a long, dismal, nnearthly 'howl, the like of which Ihad never heard be fore, and which seemed to echo and re-echo through the bush. I felt a queer sensation of awe and terror creep over me my hair atif lened on my head, and I could feel'my heart knocking againest my ribs at a tearful rate. '"What.was it t What was it? I appeared to be in a dismal black pit, surrounded by a ring of grinning, gibing skiletons. I knew these were but the white stems of the swwamp, gums, and yet I was afraid even to lookronn, for fear I,.hould see something that should blast" my very eyeballs. My, horse was trembling more violently than ever, and my? dog still crouched at myfeet, howled long and loud, 'and more dismally than before.' I seemed' to be gifted with a second sense of sight, for although the moon was still clouded, I could.see everything before me, the black reedy swamp, the white gums, the waving tree tops beyond. everything. "A third timo the dog howled, and thies time so wildly, so weirdly, that I felt as If I should iink.into'theground with horror. But' what was that. Was it fact or was it fancy? I dared 'not look, and yet I could neither turn my head nor close my eyes. "There, right before me, not twenty yards away, I saw, as it were, a mist slowly rise from the stagnant swamp; slowly it grew on' my sight, slowly it formed itself into a pal pable shape, the figaro "f a human being, of a man, pale of face; but with a'long brown beard sweeping over its breast; the breast on which was a dark lurid mark from which welled a red stream. Slowly, oh, so slowly, its teatures became clearer and olearer, uonil they were burned into my very brain. Slowly it lifted its hand,' and then with a curious waving circular motion, pointed downward to the spot on which it seemed to.stand, and then as slowly as it had grown into sight and .form, melted away, first into mist, then into impalpable air. "Not until it had vanished, could I move. Not a step. Not a movement of a limb. But when it had gone, the spell was broken. I uttered a scream, and fled the accursed spot, I know nor reeked not whither. All I know is that I fled, fled, until I fell down from sheer exhaustion, and became insensible. " When I came to myself I found myself in my own bunk. They told me thoyhad missed me from the eltation, had sent out all handd to search for me, and had. found me about a couple of miles north of the house, lying near an old forgotten track into the back country a quarter of a mile from the road. That I had had a severe atthok of brain fover,'id which I had raved wildly about the spirit id the e*amp, but that 'tley could make neither head nor tail of what I mneant. My horse had been found standing over me where they, sop' posed'I bad fallen from his back, and it wab through the howling and yelping of my do' that they had been guided to where I lay. "And now," said Jack 'Flynn, "after that do you believe in ghosts? NIe Very wel then, 'I'll tell you the finish. As I'm a living man, whether it was brain fever or not, or whether I dreamt it or not, the skeleton of A man was anfterwards found in that very swamp, and stook hard And fast into the breast.bone was a bit 'of steel which exactly fitted the broken point of the knife I had in my possession. Through the fewwords I had heard let 'drop about doubling back and erose track, I had been able to lay the police on thi man suspected, and to cut the story short, he was hanged at Darlingharst on" the 'sweor testimony of myself and others who knew him better than I did. His mate, who was a faint-hearted, soft-headed sort of a chap after all, turned Queen's evidence to save his neolk, rind what became of him' don't remember. They called it brain ftever you boys may call it what you like. I cull it a true story of a boaefidfe ghost. A sonvrt is being written in lngland by nino different persons, thle object being to give individuality to each character. IT is stated on competent French authority that Irish women hava the most beautiful h?ands in the world. The next prettiest come fromn Poland. T Tun tnnicipal schools in Paris are now visited regularly twice a month by medicail inspectors, who are also required to attend in urgent eases. It is hoped by these means to limit the spread of contagious disoases. Themr are 1'2 of these doctorsi and they ecive 1160 a ycar ecnh. 