JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SEBGEANT. Author of "Her Work in Life, " Beyond Beeall." ii a Rinrv nf the Eevotian War." See.. Sec. all Bights Reserved, CHAPTKB VI.— Continued.. Half an hour later Merle came inio the hou33 with her hands full of flowers, and, passing by th i gnn-rcom door, looked in to see if Gilbert were gtiil there. There indeed he was, stretcned upon the floor in one ot tne tainting nts tne coance or which always made her so unwilling to leive him alone. A piece of paper wis crushed in ris hand, but as he recovered and wa? removed from the room it fell from hie nerveles« fingers to tbe floor. One of the servants, a country girl who o.-nld i.ot read, came in pre»ently and began to re-arrange the room, which had beeu disordered by Gilbert's attack and removal. Th ) crumpled piece of piper fell into her tande. At first she swept them carelessly into tbe dust pan, then rem-mbered that she had been told not to throw away p. per, --j rescued it with some haste and tore it accidentally in twain. Honest Be'sy Blane stared at the torn fragments with a strong inclination to cry. The huu-ekeeper had threa tened her with dismi>8al lately for carelessness, and fhc would certa:nly enforce her threat if aha found that Be'sy had been tearing her master's papers. There was no fire, or into ihat the paper would have gone. She looked round for a plice of concealment. A ietter-cas r hung agiiust the wall, crammed with papeis. Into its innermost re cesses, behind half a dozen old circulars and en velopes, far out o! sigh'., Bet-y thrust the letter that Geoffrey h-d wiltten to his brother. There it might lie for days acU week", -nd even mouths ; there indeed it migln well stay nnttl time had done ils mould-ring work, and nothing should re main hut two mildewed scraps ot paper, covered with illegible characters, or tven a little heap of dust. C "\P1'KR VII. hillside FARM. Tbe time cam-- at lengtn wb-.n Joan was free to go back to the farm. The Spenc-rs were out of danger ; the ot-er cas<-sof fever in the village bad been slight, and the care taken by Juan and Doctor Ambrose bad prevented infection from Bprending. I.o'g confinement in ihe house and attendance in the sick room had tried Joan's nerves and stiengih more th-u she liked to acknow ledge. Her cheea ban a paler tint and a sh-irper outline than it had worn in former days. But ner 6tep wrs firm and fight ; it was a great pleasure to her logo back to tbe "id home life. A widowed sister of her mother's bad been keeping house for her, ss she a- in the habit of doing on any i- merger cy ; but Mrs Tuke was now wfi'blul to re'uro to her own little cottage on the borders of the village, and loan felt that ht-r place as with h- r father. Sue knew tbat he wou.d mis' Luke s rely ; Seth was too silent and m- rose lo fill the void made by the younger son'i absence, and he was also much occu pied by tbe fact of his recent b.trotnal to a pretty ronnd-facid vil'age girl, called Patty Price, and was seldom at h-m-r in the evenings. Joan thought with some pleasure of tbe resumption of her hous- hold duties; they ve- never a tie or a trouble to her. mid she could never contemplate with cquanimi'y the seve-ity with which Aunt J.ydia Bomi-timen tie. ted the fa m s rvants, or tbe waete of mo- ej and food which would probably begin with Patty's leign. She quickened her steps asshe "neired thefarm- honse door in the golden glow of an August after noon, for ui usual souods o: voL-es und of laugh or broke upon her ears. On entering the house el>e discovered that ti ey proc'ile I from the parlour, which, in accordance with her mother's custom, Joar generally kept shut aud locked. Here the found the tea-table spread, and the whole family astenib id round it. Aunt Lydia. resplendent in black silk and a cap a iorne : with nod-ling and funeral bue'e-, -at at the tea-tray, lteuben Darenth was opposite h- r. uncomfortable a:.d ill at ease in appearance ; Sctli, in hi. Sunday clothe', wore a look of solemn >atisfacti n rarely to be seen on bis daik, heavy face ; ar.d b side him sat the cause of all this unu'ual merry-making, in the person of Mils Patty Price. It was a m.'Ftery to every one what Se'h Darenth could find to a-lmiie in tbi3 girl with her vain, pretty face, her fringe of yellow eurls, her constant attempt to copy the current fashions in drcrs and manner. She h d been to a third-rate boarding school, and had there acquired a hundred little airs and affectations wh ch were an abomi nation in Joan's sight ; and she pretendad to look down upon Jean, and to consider her peculiar and old- maidish. In re -lity sue was thoroughly afraid of her future sister-in-law. and felt bound to pro test against her own timidity by an assumption of great familiarity and patronage, Joan did net come straight from the 8pences' cottage to her home. She had removed with them into a small unoccupied house belonging to Doctor Ambrose, while their own dwelling was cleansed and disinfected ; and aft'r spending a week with them there, she had gone away from Charnwood altogether for several days to visit a friend. Bo there was absolutely no need for Patty Prio to gather up her flounces and abrink away from Joan's proffered hand as if fearing infection, and this was carefully explained to her ; while Joan, rather hurt in hor mir.d, offered to leave tho room Eo long as Patty was in it if Bhe or Seth , felt afraid. But Patty took couragu and declared that sho was not afraid at all ; and then Joan sat down be side her fatber, and, looking r.und with a smile, Baid that it was pleasant to ue at home again. " I'm sure then I wonder thu you ever went away," said Patty pertly. "I can't imagino what pleasure you find iD i uniting abont from place to place ; I like staying at homo for mv part." Ehe looked at Seth for approval, aad he rewarded her with a satisfied smile. Joan coloured, but said Nothing in reply. " And how were Iho 8pences V said Mrs Tuke, in a thin, high voice. " It's a mercy for th -m tbat they hnu a frirnd like you, Joan, for what they would ha' d >ne, left lo them. elves, the Lord only knows. It'o lieyond me, at any rate. Still, as tha saying is, 1 crxrity begins at home.' " " Yes, indeed," said Pat;y, with a curious little sniff. " And now you've returned," continued Mrs Tuke, " I suppose wo needn't go seuding milk to the Spences and the IJoneBea day aDer day, as we've been doing for the last six weeks or more, and not a penny in return — " " You don't moan to say you've been giving away good milk ?" said Patty, genuinely shocked. 'Why, vou don't tbink we should wait till it had gone sour, do you " said tha old farmer rather grimly, " Well, I never 1" was the young damsel's Bole leplv. But he' pursed-up lips expressed all the the disapproval which she did not like to put into words. " It is a waste," sxid Mrs Tuke, mournfully. " No return for it at all ; and no gratitude. Folks call it lendiog to the Lord, but 1 do wish some times He'd pay interest. And Joan earning home not able to eat a bite or drink a sup, becauss she's been spending her health and strength on a set of ibiftlesi sick people, and looking as white as a ghost or else." said Mrs Tuke, glaring at Joan, " as she is now, as red as a peony, though not bo brown in the cheeks — " Mrs Tuke subsided. For Joan, with that indden crimson in ber face, was sitting up and speaking in low, distinct, resolute tones. " If I cannot eat or drink," she said, addressing herself to her annt, "it is because 1 hear you call charity, waste ; aud care for the poor, a vain ex pense of strength and time. How can I Bit and oat when I hear these words ? I would sooner give the bit from my own plate than let the poor go hungry." She had come home in a state of nervons weari ness which made her nnab.'e to take such com ments qnietly. Patty looked at her with a ming ling of resentment and terror ; but Mrs Tuke continued in her piping treble, all unmoved by Joan's smouldering excitement. " That's where you was always so silly, Joan. Giving the bit away from your own plate, indeed I As if the poor didn't get enough scraps from the farm, what with milk and broken meat and broth, and nobody knows what I Sinful waste I call it ; and them that wastes will come to want." " It's what mother never allows," said Patty, " Bhe won't give .away a penny nor a cruBt of bread. "She it's encouraging the poor." Joan looked at her earnestly, with a softer light in her dark eyes, and rested her clasped hands on the table aB she spoke, " And who else encouraged the poor, Patty P Are we not to remember who it was that left us the poor aB a most blessed charge?- 1 The poor ye have always with you.' " A far-away look came into her face — she looked as if she were listening to some distant voice of music. ) Patty sbtnged her shoul-iers. Oh, if you're going ;io bring religion in I" she exclaimed, and then she glanced at Seth and laughed, " We .han't be always giving away our £ obstante like Join, I'm sure, shall we, Seth f" "We shall do what's just and right, belike," said Seth, in his slow, heavy tones. " But I doubt that Joan is ovei fond of giving and spending." "What do you think, father ?" said Joan, with a note of passionate appeal in her voice. Beuben Daren h moved uneasily in his chair. ' "Well," said he, trying to evade the difficulty, " there's truth on both sides," and left the ques- ( tion exactly where it was before. i Joan was silent, but foriish little Patty could not lei- the matter rest. j "Well, if ever I'm mistress here," she said, toss- | ing her head and seeming quite unconrioa's of anything objectionable iu her remark, " th.-re's a 1 many tbingsofthat kind that I shall change. The , village people 'U find the difference," "The difference between selfishness and charity ," said Joan, with a flash of acorn. " That's right ; take thecedit to yourself," said Patty, with an angry jerk of her chin. 1 " 1 only do what my mother did before me," said Jean, turning rather pale, and rising from her stat. "And if her ways ate to be changed, and if Hillside Farm is to be known as a place where poor folks are grudged a drink of milk and a crust of bread, I trust 1 may be miles away from it befoie I see that day." " I'm sure I trust you may," Pattr called after her, as Joan left the room. Then, seeing indigna tion on Mrs Take's brow, and dii comfoit depicted in tto countenance of the two men, she burst into tears, and finally doparted in high dudgeon, with Seth to see ber borne tnrough the country lanes. Mrs Tuke immediately announced herself ill with a bsd headache, and retired to her room with a Bible and a basin of gruel. Farmer Darenth roamed about the farmyard and garden for a little while in a restless way ; finally, catching sight of Joan iu ihe kitchen he came m and seated himself in bis armchair between the fire-place and the window. Tbe evening was beginning to fall, and the wind was rather cold ; he stirred ihe fire once or twice, Bed sent tbe bright flames leaping upt'ie chimney ; but still he did not speak. Joaa, step ping backwards and forwaids from kitchen to i scullery, or dairy, wilb quick, derisive movements, I cast an occasional troubled glance towirds him. When all her work was done, she came and laid j ber haud on his shoulder. "Father," she said, "did I speak wrongly?" Well, no, Joan ; I can't say that you did." " What then, fatber ?" "You were a bit hasty, a bit imprudent may be." " If I was right," said Joan, with almost an im patient sound in her voice, "what does th>t matter Her father shook bis head. Evidently he wbi ill at ease. (To be Continued.) 