IS THE BIBLE THE WTORD OF GODI IN Holy Trinity Church on last Sunday evening, Rev. Mr. Kennedy preached a sermon from Johnxvii, 17; -" Thy word is truth." The rev. gentleman said he would try to show, first, that the Bible is thd word of God; secondly, that the word of God is true. When we take up the Bible and look through its sacred pages, we see that it professes to have come forth from God. Moses, Joshiua Isaiah, Matthew and John-all the writers from the first to the last, boldly declare God to be the author of what they wrote. Many of those who handed down the book to us, suffered for believing and attesting the truth of the Bible. But it may be said that men sometimes lay down their lives in error. Let us look closer. Look at the style of the book. In no other work is there such sublimity, majesty, authority, simplicity, beauty, eloquence and pathos as in this most, wonderful volume. The writings of modern phi losophers, poets and sages are tame and cold when compared with the Bible; in the one we discover the genius of man, in .the other we recognise the impress of God. Remember who the writers were. Illiterate, uneducated men. It was a wonder that such men could write at all; but it was a marvel that their writing should outshine, in a wonderful degree, that of the most gifted sons of earth. If we doubt this proof, let us take an uneducated man, and ask him to write astreatise on any given subject, then compare it with the work of a cultivated intellect, and mark the difference. Not so, however, with the writers of the Bible-they far surpass the most cultivated amongst the sons of earth. Another great proof may be found in the one gracd aim and object of all 'the writers. The. word .was given to statesmen, priests, prophets. herdsmen, kings and fisherman-men leading' diverse occu pations, and living at various times, yet all agreein their opinions respecting God and Christ, man and salvation, life and death; they all represent God as being eterral, holy, just, omnipotent, infinite, most wise, most good, merciful, true and reliable. ' Let this sweet harmony of the book be a proof of how holy men spake when moved by the Holy Ghost. Solme people say that the New Testament is good, but that the Old might be well' placed on the shelf. But the spirit pervading them is one and the same. The old teaches man to love God with all his soul and strength and his neighbour as himself. Is not the tealhiung of the gospel the same ? Let us not reject any part of the Bible -the one portion interprets the other; both are good, and neither can be dispensed with. Another proof of its Divine origin is the spirit of holiness breathing throughout it. Here man is painted in his trie colours-none are righteous, and God alone is holy. When we look at the teaching of the book, we must conclude that the Holy Holy, God Almighty is the author of it. One proof more may be seen in the rise, progress and existence of the christian religion. Look to any other religion beside Christianity, and we will find it owed its rise and progress to some secondary cause. Look at the rise of Mahomedanism. Follow Mahomet from Mecca to Medina, to the end of his brilliant career. His marriage was the first step on his up ward course ; his military successes made him successful. Had Mahomet not been a brave warrior, and a noble swordsman his cause' would have perished in its birth. The induce ments which this founder of a religion held out to his followers were lust and pillage. But now glance at the religion we profess. Watch its rise and pro gress, watch its existence to-day. Christ was a poor man, and he chose his followers from the humblest walks of life. For three years he was a leader, and then-gis disciples forsook Him and fed. Nothing could apper more hipeless than Christianity at the time of the Crucifixion. But God intended Christianity, to go fortl, to lift human nature, ihd make man better; and so it. spread andeatenidid'iuntil it broke the. prejudices of the Jews,. and made the whole Roman Empire 'bow down before the crucified Nazarene. Christ is'nity spread because the power of truth was in it-because God was in it; and God must, have free course. and be ghorified in any 'work He undertakes. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to notice the truth of the Word.iMatthew and .John and the other apostles, what did they get for writing of the. Christ; of how the blind saw, the lamewalked, the deaf heard, the dead lived '1 They received but insult and' injury, cold chains to wear, dungeons to dwell in. Bau they were not silenced-the truth spread to the remotest ends of the earth. The fulfilment of the prophecies was a proof of the truth of the Word. In Genesis ix, 25 we .have the words "Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants.s?all he be." Thiii curse was uttered over 3000 years ago, and the children of Canaan are still servants of servants. In Genesis xvi, 12 we read -" His hand shall be against every man, and every man's hand against him." : The Arabs ,take Ishmael. as their predecessor, and the prophecy re lated to him. And, now, there is no safety near a band of Arabs, as they scour across the'desert'oi thlieir; iioble steeds-living :witnesses of the truth of this passage of. Scripture-In Nambers xrii,, 9 occurs thee, proo?ecy. "The people shall dwell alone,and' not bl lre?: oned ariongst the nations." To the present d:'y the Jews are'not reckoned amongst the nations'. They have seen emp res rise and fall; They have been cruelly treated in different piarts of;the earth. And now every Jew is a living witness' to the truth 'of God's" word Babylon, Ninevah, Memphis, Tyre and Sidon were in- the midst of their pride, pomp and power wheiinGod's sentence was uttered against 'them, tnd many of them stood for years after their doom was fixed. To-day the "geographical positi6ns of these once mighty'cities can scarcely be determined-thereby prov ing the truth of God's holy .book. Luke xxi, 24-"-They shall fall by the edge' of the strwbrd, and 'shall be led away captive into all nations; and Jerusalem shall be trodden down by the Gentiles until the time of the Gentiles be"fulfilled." "This prophecyti was, uttered when Jerusalem was at the height of her beauty and power. A few years later segi andil devastation visited the fair.city, and the prophecy was dreadfully 'fulfilled. Famine:. and woe did their awful work, thousands fell by the sword or were carried into' captivity. Mad riot raged, and fever and fire followed.. Stories'of the siege have come to us enough, to make one's blood run cold. It is related that on: one occasion a band of robbers in search of food, called at the house of a married daughter of the High Priest. 'Here they demanded food, and the woman served them with a portion of her owni child, which she had cooked and wasj eating. In Dueteronomy xxvii, 53 we' read--" Thou shalt eat of the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons. and thy daughters."'. And Jerusalem still continues to be trodden down by: the Gentiles. In conclusion, the rev; gentleman reminded the congregation` that as the Bible is from God, we ought to be very careful how we treat it. If we despise His message and re" 'ject his truth, what are we to expect 3 Let 'us pray to God, for Christ's:sake, to give' us the.. Spirit of Wisdom to search, they Scriptures, and therein to learn the will of Gol concerning us. Take the book and read it as the Word of God, read it in the spirit of prayer, and it will prove a light to our feet, and: a lantern to our paths. 