NOVELIST Tom Glanders of Squatters* Gulch. A STOBT OF COLORADO. was drank. There was Dt> niasking it. He wasjalso ugly. There was no room for a doubt of that either. Physical!;, mentally, morally, he -was both drank tnd agly. The hsiemoue patrons of the Tuantola Saloon had for some hours been vatching Ins increaoog-opulence of alcoholigmiod combativenees; i»iih; that, interest . siół ahrays.msifced,4hs«njwben pfiMpeete d« ^became,praminecŁ. In ^Squatters' . Odd » ^ -. arfnahenj". ... S^tod Tillage. •-Wmtetl flip l'*. .. _ r to tab afoontage ó£ r tfifi^liot^J^łii^^ fMnciri profit to himS^ .1&^BWBEe;" " roonlmg country htó OTom *o;?«rve and otherwise render each,other the,reverse of ornamental, or even nsaful, Sie first time ihąy • shonld meet, this genial person sent eachof . them a complimentary taoltet.to ,his halL He then caused to be circulated the report that they rere to be present at the Alhambra' Palace—soch was the resplendent title by j which hie resort was .known to Jocal fame—; upon the evening following. Bis losses Jiad! been severe. The inhabitant^ of :Squatters' Gulch hsd no fondness for dnunabs.art us here interpreted. " Macbeth,." Hamlet,-"! and " Sardanapalus," performed by six per- Eonc, had. no attractions for .their sordid: Erases. Therefore, he had lost , money. Bat; his reverses were amply set .fight i>J the; Etnke ctf Tnonnjpyipi .genius • .miich X have^ here recorded. Ihe house -was packed. So me the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible stauding.room brought as high a fsJre as twenty dollars.per square foot, lie' canvLE top of the AlhambraPalaoe had been removed for the occasion, and the view was, good. The warriors met. One of them re-' quested the other, with that poetic sense of ctiralry vtich characterised the early mouri-' tain eeitler, to spit in his eye-—an invitation Tiich -was promptly accepted. <, The Ągh that followed was always remembered in the 1 : (inlch. How the Tall Blaaher of the Bappahannock dexteroudy removed both eazs:fepi' the head of Sacramento John, and was '-him-; cell most elaborately laoenied in xetuai, are; matters of history. The town went half mad with admiration, and what Łaft.pf the two; iccomplished .young gentlemen involved in ^ little entertainmBDt was for years re- Carded almost with revereiioe.. It may be supposed, therefore, that, the morcmonts of the Stsanger, upon the zugbt more than common interest. One" by one the' Jading citizens had droH^ intOr thje Tsrant^A Saloon during the evening, until the ! xUes were all welT Surrounded, apd tiie bar; lined with watohfnliobs^veES. , ." > - - .' "Who's the stranger," inquired Tom CMh tari, in a "pyi^B mvi as hie dealt {three to Judge iPtMfli "Dtumo," briefly lominaiy, throwiryj his'hand dom Jhća dis-i jusiedway; " W& it'r ! r ay legal opnion as how; 'it'MftSejis on Wl retch the «nd;|of hiś iariat - eiliemel: \- _•• ' '."fve hall s mihdi' P^tly," torise np _ ®J«iL I don't no l "Stud the boys tQt'ffih "Sever nuni" airily'. with that air of ai "óttónions upon the MJ on a bit.' For-linBft Boon; and the Bttanger. . water theŁ Let him go óh.' * Gimme wocudE." . " ' ; ' ' jaaol- ejaculated Mr.V'CWhtot, ®®»nt later; «the ball has bęgtńi." , .. , sveiybodyin the'loom had arisen to hisj The tell Missopnaa, s man of jj®*i ana Binster' visage, -had &b; J«st suc4 M in drawing somebody into a con •loe citizens .of, SqiiaaerB.GiilchtWBre about "oeentwtoineŁ ' •' f "HamphlV muttered Ur.Cathcart,:if«« Jjtt ehame for him to . piok a row .^dlii . {^uers. The poor dies can scateely hold o»own head ap.Jet alone fighting- Tłe e ^My, good notion tosulin jnyself." on'" ^a^ed Judge GadMnlder.i his index finger laid' knowingly Along! ^ aoee; Thomas Giauders istilzigfat; he "aow but sure. Looktherel":, ..v.r.v J^equarrel at the bar had W growing & J'te Strangpr, .inflamed -witho lhe uq uor he had beendrinkmg, ljad8el«ted fleas' oSpnsive, »en in mte- S??' ae the special objeat of, hisdisplpasnremW pason ' a Mr. Thoma^ eiandws, w^respectably dre8sedin«B,wttfa!a;siioliu] ana a dejected mannFr, ^rho ma iooked hui™ a ?™ndly, often a pitying, light by ""MmpaiuonB. IWhad beau eomeijhiiig I«opulatiOnofthe GulSh. What it was, no -one ppecisdyjk-pw, and no one oared. Bnt Seariy: everybody took en interest & him, and* not a Gobi lived in -Hie town who mold not have fought >£or his sake at anytime. The Btratager-was -heaping " abuse on Glanders's fewt—abase which he rxrald not comprehend, andwhich seemed to halt bewilder "him. But the offensive Mfesoorian went on, goade&to; increased łnryby bis own words. SSQ Glanieife stood hdplessly gazing about him, tnaMnc so reply but occasionally p^ingthiba&df; hie rough brown hand across his forehead. Finally, in a transport ofłage, ' the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He epoke lot the first time. ; . •.•••'•- .. " tot it. up," he said, quietly," or I will kill yon." • The Bbanger laughed,and the ttowd, angry asd ropntoingi beg&g; po' close incpon faun; Glanders motioned than baok. • > l ' * IjatteTl tofhe floor. Few of the imtazens dt ÓłeGuldi Had known*® TOuMhtLVebdifeVed he cotild «M w^Baeibdecision. Hehad hitherto beei -thought by ttrem to be a slow and eafey- gttmgperaon, too Inoffensive to be trodden tipon, and too gentle torespond with violence. Bnt nponłhis occasion he 'belied his reputation. Quick as lightning—fio quickly that only one' or two in the room eaw Hie movement—a derringer sprang from' his pocket, a deep report Bounded through the room, and the Strang® fell to the floor. There was sflenoe for s moment. Then to woundeel Missourian, alter writhing a moment where be 3ay,beeta>ned Glanders towards him. He waB no longer violent. The fames of the dank -had <iuite evaporated from'his brain, and'he iealized ^hat had happened. Gliders, whose anger had disappeared as quickly bb it eafte, when he Baw he was the victor and his litemu no longer threatened, stepped forward tad raised the S teanger'e head to his knee. " Whisky," he said, shortly, to the bar- The lijuor was brought, and he poured it between the Stranger's lipa. It was a dramatic scene. Bo deep, so solemn was the coloring of the picture, that not a man in the crowd—usually a turbulent one—had as yet tittered a word. The -wounded man, somewhat revived by the stimulant, motioned Glanders to lean closer, and be obeyed. There was nothing bat pain in his red face now, and great beads of perspiration stood ont upon his forehead. The Stranger whispered a few words brokenly, bid then suddenly fell bade, dead. Slanders lowered the man's head to the floor, and then slowly arose to his feet. The hash which had some time «go fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. "Boys,"said Glanders, in a voice which trembled 8Bghtly,"I hated to do it, bat it couldn't be helped. " Tm sany it was so, and Tm willin' to abide by what .you say. If it ^was murder, string me np ,'and bed——d quick about it." : —Amnrmur that-arose almost to aehout ran through the room. Evety man there endorsed his course, " Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. He paused onoe, drew his bat down over his eyes, buttoned his ooat tighHyabont his tbrMt, and thrust his hands into his pockets with' an air that indicated sęurpoae. u. • - H iłongs U' Le nmtttod,- »s he .strode ^oAeHq^La how, <eod W w n u ^ t t n i i xoadway; f&B; tree, 8tm>e disihnaeiiiam^'Etardreet^ .ters' ISnltłijams' one ol thoge hnge, angamly; vehicles -which, in the eariy days rfpioneering,'-wore known bs prairie sehoonBra. 'Heat by, dimly seen throngh the darkness, were two lean, nnhappy-kiokiiig horeee, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage which the place afforded.. At the foot of the tree a heap of smonldering embers showed that there had been a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scene into which danders peered'half an hour after the tragic ocounsnoe I havBjust described. For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of the waggon. So far as any sign of: his was concerned he might have been asleep. PosBibly he .was. going over the events of the evening. Pediaps he was framing a saheme for the future. * ~ When more than arnhburhadihaa slipped by, he same oat of his feverie, and aroae .to Msieet. Thomas Glandeis was a meihodical TniŁn For years he had plodded along in a quiet, . oarewom nnumer, aooonplishing nnthhy that any of his oompanions «ould disoom, hat nevBT oomplaining of ill fortune or pain. Men snppoaed he must have money. He lived well, bat unobtrusively, and he never t had difficulty in meeting big-obligations.' To' ihssuSering lie was ^always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in thia^rineyard, 'was -wont to say that Tbnnum ffliaAini oonld jbe BsUad Jipoli, when charity was needed, to give as iiberallyas a " r- Butitherewasnoosteitafeinabout him He livad by method. . .He arose aad went to hod at certain hoars, he ate ot prescribed times, and he drank his foor glasses of whi^y every day as regulady as he breathed., His was a pore matter-of-faci life. Whatever bad laeik came to him—and it was attogether cat of proportion to Job good fort on c -he accepted it without a word of complaint. If, aa vr&s; rardy the«ase, he had a touch olimore than ordinarily pleasant luck,4here was iever & sign t>f jnbHation in ins oondoot. . .Hs'rarely taLked,-saving vftien: wordsv«ręze' ^ndntdy - fiovt^ry. -WhfctLe had-tndn he did,»a»dhe msdenryjittiefoss aboutit. ^. "at. ; -.j When Glanders jaroee Urom his ^position was to pUe^. lew.' afeksTof^ wnod jQKm lhe oo^s. : Httl«.?»hfle4hterWBa.:A'iWaseJ •Bhicih,,'. after ,-q>nttei^;*ŁtaonienV :g*Te out conoderable light: This illnimnatiDr^jDr the eound tof ffluider'e .footatep , about the plaoe.^pparaiiayłróaaBd aomeifle^aBeat^iii^ inmdżttoTOggnnrtnr-łh^gBB^pJi^ainoye; ymriŁ,<inflttm»«łia«»ihVrfnaj ratheryetnlantinits tone, eaid: - . 3 W'sj'-j 1 - 1 -] Sak oldman, I-s^ose--iSog^one him.'' i ' Shet npl" responded, mnathff voice, obrioody ttalof alad^or yoo'Jliget another larrupin'. Eiha'aJull, is'sisaMyJ?- .. ;:J K Glandera lasned -sgidast #ie tree, and«Q becnoe qrnet agaih. 'for the seoond time since fae had arrivedtipon this abase, he fell totiiinldngi and, *s before, his Ixefieetions were-so stsodKAg that he lost all eonsciouB-^ ness of what was -pasting itaroundhim.: He •did . not svmi. ńołue .that the banvas flap of tiie waggon wrisTaiató, «nd that two veiy big as eyee wtxe pearing oautionsly .'through the aperture auis tormed. . -It was .entimy sri^ot his imowieage ihat the owner tcrie«irHmB eyes stole outol tta waggon and «tept s^dy toward'him. i jlot until she ispose washe»wareof.faciepreaenoe. r ' j \- -" Where's the aid inun? 1 meze tne .first words Glanders hemd. . . - ł; a ^ J They startled him lightly, and he looked didn't he? Told~yoc to tell us to look (sharp, or he'd lick both of ns when he got ihome, IJreckon—ley? " I' "'Does he heat you, then? " asked Glanders, with a -weak attempt at evasion. "Does he? Now you just bet he does. And I've got my opinion of a big loafer that licks a little gal like me, -what can't help herself. Some day hell wake np the wrong outfit, and then he'll get pin under the daisies with his boots on—you hear me?" Glanders did hear 3ier,.and he shuddered. But he wk Strangely attracted to the big-' eyed, rough-spoken .little girl, who stood,there looking him in theface and ejecting her words withan energy that would have been ludicrous tinder other circumstances. She was.a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair wwiozły ;ahd light, and it fell in a tangled mass over herforehead and neck. «as jioorjy did, jnia her browa feet had (V^uod'wi;. .'^ISSCliS^Łi'.' sMfi; "come here and talk.mth'me. I.want to ask you eome'qaesluonB." He went over and sat down again ńpon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for a moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for a moment, and die approached him without shyness. 'Til do it," she declared, In s voice from which the sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It'ain't cause you're handsome—that's dead sure." Glanders pud no attention to this uncomplimentary allusion to his personal appearance. With him'it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me," he said, when the girl had settled herself on the ground in front of him, " do yoalike the old man?—are you fond of him?" " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, " I can't say as Fd like to eat him. He's too handy with the back ofjhisjfist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. "Bat then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, 41 you can'tlquite hate a man when he's the only jurtector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all the bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of.it, and sometimes it was mighty queer bread. Bnt as & gen'ral thing he did the best he knowed how, and Say, what are you thinking about eo hard ? " \- -Glandera -was just at that moment thinking he was abont the. darkest <rmiiwfO in the world. To save himself from possible destruction, he had killed a fellow-being—an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiently infrequent in those''days, aid in that section, to call for any special regrets upon its own account. But Glanders reflected that in depriving the Missouri bully of his life, he had also taken away the only prop upon which this'helpless cMld leaned for support It was a reflection which filled him at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with a oertain definiteness of purpose. " Bis," said he, after a moment, passing his hand over .her stzaying carls with a kind of TOugh tehdemefes khat -was not without 1 its .^foment of' magnetism; "Bifl,ef thar'vras a X-dbzftiay thai tiotS tfearw>a*-<me B£'Coxneto ^youttad&ays;,- and live lBiIOng af me, and thouj^i it iain't a jefiiied and feliygant abode, bein' built as it wcre'in the first rude stages o' civilization— ef any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you answer?" The girl looked full in his face. " Answer ? Why, I'd collar the. offer like chain-lightning—only," she hesitated an instant—*' only the old man never'd stand by and let me have each a good thing as that —never." "HeU never bother ye any more, my child," said Glanders. " Do ye fed very bad about it 7" " Bad? " she echoed. " Yes. The old man has been took, as it were, to put it 'gently, to Abraham's boosom. He was ksSed/my child, and the man what offers'to take ye into Ins home is the one as did it.' The young girl started back, and! regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, bat rather a look of astonishment. Presently, after peering into his eyes for some little^time, shesaid: "Then I don't believe it was your fault. You ain't the kind of ą man to do that son of thipg '-thont a ćapse. And as for me, it's a-stomBhin' he hasn't ketdhed it afore.' Glanders took a deep breath, which sounded Hkeaedgh ofrelieL " Then," said he," we must be mo vin'. In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was »urpnned~to see aiiuge emigrant wagon jdiswn ^p to the floor -of Glanders's' cabin, and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy siid a . girl, playing abont the placse. Who they were, and where they came from, jv^s a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the .Stranger wasjiot a theoiy which oocurred to mapy tótlihe citizens, .pae^ of the leading — 1, %nati)ns put farward by those who condtipon the sutyect was the nropositaon .. .fflftnflB^'s. gmiomtitionB wife.in the' S^teSr^iuL appendage whi^.^vasattaahed in a ^mter or lass ,de^« 'tó. the main bdlk^of the populafioh jof .that salnbnous locality.— " 3 fprwtjflftil jHfir fhildre'ri to hę oaredfor Squattera* Gulch may have fiibught or pressed upon the euhjcot, 8qua%ters''iGtilch "d.pot carry its ćarit«^y ofien^vely near to to^tSp, i^r tKołiTTt ^ ^ ..„Meanwhile,!!! the cabinitself,. fiimelvnere ecfmeficld developments. The new rgsirlentfl had^quietly . domesticated thernselves with that affluent confidence whioh is the dispngnlatiing trait of timt migratory childhood ol^itoi łhiswąywid that by the changes "which constantly occur new «oun<zifiei readily aocustoms itsdf to fresh surroundings! -One night, -sitting before the fee, vrtth his Bhort 'clay pipe in his mouth; arid the children on the floor at Ms fefet, dreamily regarding the '-ooals, Ganders bfokefeesilenoe. ' * 7 ' . •-J ; • "Sis," said he, "I don't wanttojpry into no ftfiiily searets of yourn. oos it ain't none of mybuoness pertóclderiyr bat, at the suae tune, -Jt ^aint rsasonable fer me to go on always a*aIUn' f óf ye " Sis;* and the young fchatołBtib,*'^ *' •' •'" *fThafe »o, I reckon," prompHy replied the young *girL - "My name'e Lucy Bryton. And fcis'n," joiniirig 46 "the boj, his'n ia Bobert. - His t'other ; ńirare ain't like rninej though, cause -he's ńnly a 'dopted brother. ITu name is Eathhun—Bobart Bathhun, Hello I Whafsyjp, Mr. ®jm?" \- ••^^Mn'," ire^ed Glafdos.-'^nhose '&oe; Buddenly,• become J ripd. -"On' Go to: \- Hold rn.i it jbi^e^ jvr ppther—^Botf? ^ ^ a ^ jsiŁ ^Dri^nąded in .the IGssouri oj^^^. l f 'ha.ym'tJBew, hoc eipce l was iASffhen tfcey wereigóiie, and ftir hours tcftert«rim},'4GUahdenjBat looking gloomflyinto the 8m. " Pore gal," he muttered, after a long time. Ef matters had come out a ketle different, that would hev bin my boy. Hine. Well, what to hinder now?" Having by some acute mental process convinced himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders vgant thoughtfully to bed. . ł * • • * r . The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado ami melted slowly away into the oris? and vestal winter. .Then came the budding spring, the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks ;lided into months, -ana the months dosed nto years, until Squatters'- -Gnloh,- ashamed of its ron^i and nnoouth name of other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There were other changes, too, in the gamal atmosphere surrounding the place. Ths rough and somewhat nncouth dwellings whioh formerly covered the steep sides of the ravinehadAnost enfiredy disappeared,:.(md thdr- plaoas ' were -fillea "with '-mnre ioc^y cottagee. /The hnan».p^jaf the t6wn had grown comm&Baratfiy; wi& 'the -other pot. łiósś of t)lari(m <3t^ jind 'ths plane presented an altogether mghtly appeKraiioe, iBbnly tucked away among the fiinoe-Clad foothills. In a tasteful nottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, iived Mr. Thomas Glanders and themembers of his family i who have heretofore been described in this veracious narrative. ~ It was a pretty plaoe, and it waB marked here and there by the unmistakable traces of a woman's presence. ; Heat white curtains hung in the windows, a hammock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over the poets bv the door. One night, as the snn was climbing down across the western sky,the verandah was ooaopiedby two young people. A sthmg hearty young man was swinging in the hammock, while fitting beside him, idly moving die- network hackward and forward, was a lithe and graceful giri. She was blushing deeply, but not hanging her bead. There waB, indeed, in her large blue eyes a look of open frankness, which I do not think is often found t&out; the faoes of young women when they are disoussing the subject which was at that moment occupying her attention. There is something which seems almost like sacrilege about it, Bobert," she said, with a touch of remonstrance in her voice. u I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." " Bnt you love me, Luoy. You have told me so." His voioe was deep, and not unmusical to the ear. And it had about it, in the time of pleading, a persuasive tenderness which, I fear, more than one of the fluttering damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to Bat Miss Lucy was not of the common sort, and she did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanced. " What." she asked, presently, " would he think?" It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. "He would scarcely object, Lucy. Ton know he loves both of as very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making as happy." ' "True," replied Miss Łacy, thoughtfully. " But if—if he would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Bobert—you know we, owe him a very -great deal. Our home, our rescue from an existence that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were' dead, our education—all were given ns by him.. We nan scarcely do anything that ms^ hring; him pain, Bobót." - ... ! - j' 1 > H3leyoang man in the hammock was sikotr -for a moment. -. > f Tell me," he said, in a < little while," why yon suppose there is any danger that he will object. • Mies Lucy's face assumed a deeper scsrlet. "I—I—weń, nothing. It is probably my! imagination." • " Will you ask him ? " Another pause. Then in a low voice: Yes.- I will ask him to-night, if he does not speak tirst. If he consents, Bobert, I wili do all that you have asked." " That's a dear, sweet Lucy," exclaimed Bobert, springing to hie feet and kissing her' lips. " We shall be very happy." i As he Btrolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed his retreating figure sadly.' When he was gone die drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head against the post. She still est thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning bom his offioe at the mouth of the Giant mine. Net quite the; Thomas 'Glanders we have known hereto-' fore. His eyes were eerener now than they, were of old, and his tread had not that element of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas- Glanders, mine - owner. and operator, with a pretty home, and the benefits of solicitous female society, was rather, inclined to be an ornament to his sex, although there were moments, I must relate,' when he did not occupy a similar relation tothe English language. i " Good evenin', Łucy, he said, kindly, ad he drew a -chair up to her side, and seated, himself eo that the folds of her dress brushed' against his knees. "I met Bobert as I camel up the hilL A fine boy, that, Lucy. Tm a" proud of him as if I had been his father." A moment of silence, during winch Miss Łacy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glandera picked it Jip. and held it in his own. It looked so, small, so white/ so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily covered it up by drawing his brown fingers abont it. \- . : . ' "It's a whiter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively," though it ain'tmuch bigger than! it was when I fint took it into mine, that the-big tree. .Ah, my-gu^ I didn't see than,and I didn't get to imagina that you wpuU W.so dear .to ni&eoine; dayi .I'didn'l jod jjjuhi get towte.yoę^ire Jm me. If'I Another pause. ^Thie time Lacy was slightly , trembling. . .; . . . .1, , T ...... . , - j"If Ihad," heaonitinnivl, J'JiflMnlLalinjaBt luveheen afmd to seeyoU;'' '"', ,*" ; _"Afr«id?" tłre.word oame reluio taniny and almost in a whisper. ' . " Afraid I might iome time lose you—- afnud that some othet love bat therega: " had lor clumsy, pobi-:spokau :cjd^^lom w w decs might someday bestoleawayhy a deeper, ,ter flagajd fer another m&n.;\ < Glanders arose and walk^. to the other end of 0ie. verandah. Then he came slowly btUik ani placed his heavy fund, light enougl now, opon the sunhy hfead. ^ _ 1 " Lucy," he began,"-* child, you are more to t me than I can tell—-more than I know, God l help me. There is but one happiness for aO me, but one rest after toy life's struggle.' And ithas'beena struggle, Luoy, that ain'talways beeh easy toifo get ttifeliat o&;.' Bat, Luey i t don't want to fiud {salt nor to complain, i £ - it has brought hie you. 'Eh? Why, child, ftSu axe btj/ln'. "DjStaji if rve 'said anythini: a that's grieved you, don't miud rite. Luc|y, T1 L' - never pp&tk; of it again as lottg as tlive.: I take iitżsJlb&ok.;Łuęy, I ^ so he^p me QoS If Glanders down by her side, hold ing hErihandSiJand.irying to soothe her. - " Ii > a moment Bhe became quite calm. ; ; ; *' Iou have been ,imd to me," she eaid, aliUle " I waa only a stranger' worked »ńd tdilęil Śar jmą, bo thatj inigh' hayą.eomfoits ąndh2 happy, Jsiuto^.jBt . Don't speak that way, Łacy. I didn't calculate to ~buy your heart.' I didnt, Lucy, aud I wouldn't take it like that." You'didn't buy it; you—yon won it. Tom, love you very, very deaHy. It 'may not be the kind<of love you expefet, jaet yet; bat, by and by, when we hBve-grawn used to each other, when we have forgotten that vre wtrt"——• - Father and daughter, almost," he broke "Are you Bure, Łucy? Will you never regret this?" -i 'i'-' - "NeverI" sh» cried, impnlsively. -"But let it be quick; Do not wait a day, but have it done at oncel • It-^-it muBt be without delay; or—or" " She did mot Snicb the sentence, bnt with a sharp, 1 convulsive kiss npon his brown cheek —a kiss which mounded Almost like a gasp— she was gone. In the gloaming'upon * his porch thatofght sat Mr. {Ehomas Glandars, a very happy man. -Behind- lay all the global, andflortow, and pain that rould never come to him In .{he future-^what 7 His oodldiibt anBwer^timagh It seemed very bright;.' '.••'tir-'.'-i-"":'--" - '- It waa ;, gtiiokly and quiefly aoobmpEahed. AlmoBt before \the staid citirans of Glarion City ware out in thś streeft,-BIr. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little chapd down in the ravine, and back -again. He had noticed thiat Łucy was very pale-that morning, and that there were long, deep "lines in her face. Gleariy she "had'hot slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the foci to a weakness of the eex, tind imagined that a little familiarity with the new 'fcilationa woold soon wear it bwaly." Bobert did not come home during the night—a habit which, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon (ambng the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the qaiet ceremony until his arrival, butliuay had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion eet down to the soore of diffidence. It was some hours after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing - to stir np any 'enthusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for ą walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he mattered, apologetically, to himself. " When I come back in half an hour shell be as bright and cheery as ever." For a long time after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at the wall. - Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last Been Robert pass away. In a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Bobert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, whioh spoke more plainly than words. " STe8,1 know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I -heard it aslcame up the street. I shall not reproaoh you, Luoy, for, if he asked you to msxry him, it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. Mi have come, Łacy," continued Bobert, in the same hurried and Cnnatural fashion, to say good-bye." • 1 , - " Bobert 1". she gasped, "do not, do not go away." " I must," he said, in a strange tone, re gaining a part of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in the woman he loved. "There is no other bourse. - It would break my heart to stay here and ese you the wife of. another. .It wonld wear.out >my honor,*my gratitude, my manhood: -Day by-day, aU. that is good abont me woold fade and fade away, until I died of Bhame or mental agony, or heoame a reproach to all the world.-: it must be, Luoy. We love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." < She was silent. • 1 • • " Good-bye, Lucy," fae said, more quietly, taking her hand. Good-bye," she whispered in a -choking voice. , Por a moment he hdd her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had bhen thrown by the suń across the - ground almost, at their feetj began slowly and stealthily to' stealaway. -- • • " Try," said Bobert, struggling hard to regain his oomposure, "try to forget me.- You can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother-who grew up with you and loved you with—with only a—a brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister." He turned on his heel and to«k a step forward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention; " What was that ? " asked Lucy, turning if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they .-were both onder the great-pine tree which .-stood a few paces up the side of thehilL What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft cupet of pineneedles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in hisiast glassing eves, a smile on his .lips,-and her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child.—'• •Leander Richardtonia tiu~&rg;(maut 