MELBOURNE: ITS INFANCY AND GROWTH. II. THE CITY OF COLLINGWOOD. Although it is not the intention, of the writer to describe the metropolitan munici- palities in the order of their age or import- ance there is some fitness in beginning with Collingwood, because, after Melbourne and Geelong, it ia one of the oldest municipalities in the colony. It was incorporated in April, 1851, and has an area of 1,139 acres, and a population of over 25,000. It is bounded by Merri Creek and the Yarra on the east, Smith street on the west, Heidelberg road on the north, and Victoria parade and Simpson s road on the south. In the early days of Melbourne, as the population increased, it soon began to spread out towards the north east. At first, that part of the settlement was called Newtown, but the name was sub- sequently altered to Collingwood, and for some time all the north-eastern portion of the metropolis, including even what is now Carlton, was known as Collingwood. There is no doubt that Collingwood has been rather unjustly contemned by residents in some of its sister municipalities. It has been re- garded as a sort of municipal Cinderella. It has been looked upon as low in more senses than one. If any such opinions are still held concerning Collingwood, the writer hopes to help to eradicate them. The whole of Collingwood has been confounded with part of it namely, "the flat. ' This flat is lower than other localities around it, but the most depressed part of it is 49ft above low water mark at the Queen's Wharf, so that, even from a surveyer's point of view, it is higher than some people imagine. Thie ground at the corner of Smith and Johnston streets is 104ft above the mark named. 'There is no insurmountable natural diifficulty in the way of effectively draining the whole of Collingwood, and as a matter of fact, there are some localities with greater pre- tensions in the metropolis where the drain- age is not as good as it is on the Col- ingwood flat. Still, Hayter points out that, during the 10 years ending with 1880 the death rate in Collingwood was higher than in any other municipality in the metro polis. There is no doubt that the Colling- wood Council has had to contend with diffi- culties in its efforts to improve the sanitary condition of the flat. In the first place, the soil is very retentive. In the next place a great part of Collingwood was originally sold by the Government in broad acres, and some of the purchasers subdivided their blocks into allotments far too small. Many of the streets laid out were also much too narrow. Thus, a few specu- lators, in order to realise great profits, have entailed misery, disease and premature death on generations of their fellow creatures. There is an underground drain, 8ft in dia- meter, which taps all the lower part of Col lingwood and discharges itself into the Yarra, or rather into a small creek whose outlet is in the Yarra. The flat is undoubtedly re- sponsible for the large death rate in Colling- wood , but that rate is decreasing. In 1882, the Collingwood death rate was below that of four other metropolitan municipalities, and considerably below that of "Greater Mel bourne'' as a whole. Insufficient drainage is not the only cause of the great mortality there. Most of the inhabitants of the flat belong to the poorer classes, amongst whom the death rate is likely, from various causes, to be more than the averuge. Until lately, Collingwood might have claimed the honour- able distinction of being about the only municipality that had devoted its energies solely to the improvement of its streets, and that had not incurred the expense of a big town hall. But now Collingwood has "fallen away from grace, and has obtained a loan of £10,000, of which £12 000 is being devoted to the purchase of a site for, and the erection of a white elephant in the form of a town hall. The site is in Hoddle street, and in the centre of the city, but some of the local rate payers complain that it is too far from the business part. As a new town hall is to be built, it is to be hoped that the Govern- ment will provide a better courthouse for the district. The present police court is a wretched, dingy structure, inside and out. In the suburbs of Melbourne, the local shopkeepers have to compete for custom with those in the central district of the metropolis. That competition is carried on by some of the suburban men with great energy, and thereare a few who have acquired not merely a local reputution for cheapness. There seems to be a growing tendency on the part of sub- urban shopkeepers to increase the attractive- ness of their establishments. Nearly every sub- urb has at least one very busy street. Smith street is undoubtedly one of the busiest thoroughfares outside of the City of Mel- bourne. On a fine afternoon, or on Satur day nights, this street is crowded by a hustling throng of people. It is the dividing thoroughfare between Fitzroy and Colling- wood, but the best side for business is the eastern, in Collingwood. The attractiveness of this side of the street, as compared with the other, is accounted for to a great extent bv the fact that for some years after Colling vvood was incorporated, Fitzroy remained a ward of the City of Melbourne and the Building Act applied to it. That law placed restrictions on the erection of wooden build- ings, which restrictions were not in force in Collingwood , and the consequence was that most of Smith stieet, where the land, too, was cheaper, the buildings and populution in- creased at a much greater rate than on the Fitzroy side. The result of this was that the Collingwood side of the street attracted from the outset much more custom than the other, and has managed to maintain its advantages. Land on the Collingwood side of Smith street is worth from £50 to £120 per foot and the municipal valuation runs much higher there than on the Fitzroy side. To the east of Smith street the ground slopes down to the flat. Just beyond its intersection with Johnston street, Smith street, facing north, falls, and passing through a small valley, rises again towards Heidelberg road. Clifton hill, the most thriv- ing part of Collingwood, lies between Heidel- berg road, Reilly street, and Merri Creek. Within this area are comprised two public reserves-the Darling gardens of 15 acres, and the Mayors park, a smaller enclosure. Clifton Hill stands very high, and its air is pure and bracing. The corporation is now paying great attention to this part of the municipality. Out of the loan just referred to £13 000 is to be spent on the hill. One great improvement about to be carried out in this locality is the abolition of the abattoirs at the eastern end of Ramsden street. The site - eight or nine acres- is to be trans- formed into a recreation ground. This will be a great transformation as the abattoirs have long been a nuisance, not alone to Col- lingwood. On the other side of Ramsden street the quarries of the city of Melbourne are situated. The Melbourne Corporation has a large stone breaking apparatus there, with several heads of stampers. An immense chasm has been made in the ground. Blue stone has been quarried to a depth of 66ft, and it has not been bottomed yet. Where did all the lava constituting the immense beds of bluestone upon vvhich much of the metro polis and the neighbouring localities rests come from? Where is the volcano, and where the crater? There ia a good deal of vaicant ground still on Clifton hill, but houses have been going up there during the last four or five years with extreme rapidity. They are chiefly brick cottages, with-as a rule- commodious back yards. The increasing population has not alone oversowed Clifton Hill. It has spread over into Alphington, in the Heidelberg shire Alphington may be considered a continuation of Clifton hill. Parochially it is attached to it-that is to say, Alphington is in the Clifton hill parish of the Church of England. Collingwood is a great industrial centre, abounding in factories of various kinds. Bootmaking is the leading branch of indus- try pursued there There are already several large boot factories in the municipality, and their number is progressing quickly lhere are likewise two hat factories in the district (one of them being of considerable size), two shot towers, soap and candle factories, several wool scouring establishments, and some tanneries and breweries The shot towers are prominent features of the landscape The tallest of them, owned by Mr. Simon Hughes, is 217ft high. It is in Reilly Street. On fine days Port- arlington has been seen from its summit with the naked eye It is said that owing to the development of this industry in the metropolis very little shot is now imported Collingwood possesses the largest state school in the colony This school is in Cambridge street Certainly the Vere street state school is one of the prettiest in the colony This is in the centre of the flat, and the department of Education deserves great credit for erecting such a building just there, as it cannot but have an »levatinit effect on the surrounding population. It is something for the rising generation to try to live up to The corporation is to be commended for having paid for (even before busing a town hall site) Bome land for the purpose of a public recreation ground This piece of land-ten acres in extent-is on the flat and is called Victoria park One of tho peculiar institutions of Collingwood is an annual garden competition A few of the leading citizens some years ano, instigated thereto by the mayor of the day, combined to give 5 early prizes to those householders of the city who can show tito best gardens and nicest premises. It has been noticed that one of the effects of this movement has been an increase in the number of trees in the city Iherenre several bridges in the municipal ltj The Northcote bridge over Mern Creek which was erected partly at the cost of Col hngwood, is one of the best in the colony lhere is also a new railway bridge over the Merri Creek, for Collingwood has a few ynrds of railway in its boundaries The line begins m Chiton hill with extreme abrupt ness and is carried over Merri Creek for a short distance lins extending line is the reverse of a missing link it is a. link it is true out it is the rest of the chain that ia missing '1 here is another bridge over Merri Creek on the Heidelberg road, and over the Yarra there ure-tile Johnston street bridge, the Studley park bridge, and the Victoria street bridge One of the municipal insti tutions is the Royal "bert Institute and Tiee Library in Smith street, the foundation stone of which was laid by the Duke of Ldinburgh There aro about 3,500 booka in tho library, and the attendance wns last year 33,919 It is intended to remove tho library to the new town hall Another movement that had its origin in Collingwood wns that for the pro motion of technical education It has been a decided BUCCCSS There are some interesting relics in Col- lingwood. Not the least interesting is the house in which J P Fawkner lived for some years prior to his death, in 1809. These pre- mises, which are in Smith street, near the corner of Johnston street, comprise an old brick cottage and a more modern but still old fashioned two-storied house, now used for a fancy shop, and called Fawkner-house. The ruins known as Dights mills, near the junction of Merri Creek and the Yarra, elicit from old residents who are questioned about them some curious reminiscences When they were built 31. years ago, they were in- tended for a flour mill, and they were sub- sequently used as a paper mill and a powder mill. The late Mr Dight heightened some natural falls in the river there for the pur- pose of getting water power, and a few years ago a movement for the purpose of gene- rating electricity at the old mills was started. That project also fell through. Altogether, a very tidy amount of money has been dropped over Dights mills. It may not be generally known that about 15 years ago a gold mining company was carrying on operations on the flat. Mr Graham Berry was the legal manager, and the site was in Hoddle street, opposite the Royal George Hotel. The shaft was sunk to a depth of 120ft. A little gold was found, placed there by some natural operation, a little more was found placed there by man-in other words, the mine was salted. Shares jumped up from £2 to £12 10s. A Mr Berry's name has been men- tioned, it is only fair to state that not the slightest suspicion was ever entertained that he had anything to do with the salting. At last the shareholders grew tired of paying calls, and the shaft was filled up. In conclusion Collingwood was, as has been said, proclaimed a municipality in 1855. It was created a town in 1871, and a city in 1876\. The following table, compiled from information kindly supplied by Mr Mortley, town clerk, illustrates the progress it has made - - 1.05 1876 1S-J 1 opulatlon 10 300 210D4 25,100 Annual vnltioof rilte able property £08 871 £100 COO £114 2T1 Total revenuo £14 .sr> "22 687 "_2 873 dumber of cluulUnjru a 620 4 802 6 316 lhe ratea were IB Od in the £ in 1805 IB lOd. in 1875, and Is 9d in 1883 It may be observed here that many of the metropolitan municipalities have for years been rating themselves heavily in order to carry out improvements and have thus set a good example to Beverul of the wealthier shires Some of the shire councils show a much greater tendency to demand aid Irom the state exchequer, und to hold up their hands in horror at Government expenditure in the metropolis than to levy hi"h rates in their respective districts Out of the 58 cities, towns, and boroughs in the colony, 80, or more thin half, levied a hujier rate than Is in the £ in 1882, but, out of 119 shires, only live, or about jue twenty fifth of the number taxed themsel. cs that s car to a greater extent than Is in the _ 'inn CITY OP FITZROY, or a portion of it, was once the Fitzroy Ward of the city of Melbourne The name of Fitz roy was given to the ward in 1850, at the re quest of the Melbourne Corporation, and in honour of Sir Charles 11_ roy, then Governor of New South Willes The Fitzroy Wurd, vv hen it was proclaimed a separate munici- pality in 1858, comprised 320 acres only, its northern boundary being Heilly stieet In August, 1800, an area of about 500 acres, then being cluelly Crown lands, was added to the young mumcipnlttj This portion is called North Fit-roy At the time the addition seemed to many of the ratepnjers of 1 ít/roy unilesiuible, inasmuch as the population in the new territory was exceedingly small in proportion to the area, but the VVIMIOIU ol the promoters of the annexation movement haï been justified by events, for much of the present importance of the city is derived from the rapid progress made during the last few years by the northern end of the district Mr Tait, one of the oldest litterateuts of the metrópolis, wus the hrst promoter of this movement, mid the corporation has grace fully acknowledged his sei vices by naming one of the streets in North Tit/roy after lum 'J he municipality wns proclaimed a town in 1870, and a city in 1878 It lies between Melbourne and Collingwood, extending north wards up to Merri Creek Fitnoj proper, or the older portion of the city, wns sold by the Government in blocks of about eight acres each, and subdivided bj the purchasers Hie original streets were verj irregular in outline Some of the houses were put up in the tho roughfares. Hut a grant of -60,000 was ob- tained from the Government and devoted to opening up the Btreets On the whole, the streets in Fitzroy are wider than those in Collingwood , still, Fitzroy proper, like Lon- don and Melbourne, bus some too narrow thoroughfares, and some black slums in proximity to its most busy streets and best houses. Between Victoria . parade (the southern boundary) and Gertrude - street there are muny nice houses, detached und in terraces. Perhaps one of the chief characteristics of Fitzroy proper ia the immense number of lodging- houses that it contains. Here resides a large proportion of the bachelors of the metropolis. In Nichol- son-street, the western boundary of the city, there are also some capital terraces and de- tached villas. One well-known old land- mark in this street, the Traveller's Rest Hotel, disappeared several years ago. King's College now standing on the site. As far back as 1851 an inquest was held in that hotel on the bodies of some settlers in the Plenty district who perished on Black Thurs- day. Fitzroy once boasted of a haunted house in Nicholson Street. Collingwood had another near the Studley-park bridge. Both have been pulled down. There is some un- certainty as to which of these two houses was first visited by a spectre. Every old family has, or ought to have, a ghost of its own ; and, there having always been some rivalry between Fitzroy and Collingwood, there is reason to believe that, whichever of the two possessed an apparition first, the other did not wait long before it also laid claim to the possession of a similar token of importance. Neither of the ghosts has ap- peared for some years, but it is understood that the municipal authorities of each of the rival cities are on the alert, and that if in either district there occurs the slightest in- dication of a ghostly revisitation it will be the duty of the town clerk of the adjoining mu- nicipality to produce a rival goblin. Brunswick street, like many colonists, has had "ups and downs ' A few years ago it went down a little in the world, but it has recovered itself, and is now a \ery busy thoroughfare One oi the characteristics of this street is its country traffic. A fine post and telegraph oflice was recently put up by the Government in this thoroughfare at the intersection of Johnston street, oppo site the Tramway and Omnibus Companys depût The Melbourne Directory for 1800 contains tho names ot about 1C0 house holders in Brunswick Btreet lu this years directory the number is nearly double that, and only 13 names out of the 160 appear amongst those of Brunswick street house holders of tho present daj But there are still some vacant gaps even in Brunswick street In Gore street, south of Johnston street, there were 90 tenements in 18G0, there are now 200 Many of tho buildings that were in Fitzroy in 1800 have been pulled down, and better and larger ones have been substituted for them, BO that in 1 itrroy south as well as Fitzroy north the municipal valua tion is constantly increasing One noticeable new building m I itrroy pioper is a 1 ree Christian Tabernacle, just put up in John ston street It is built of wood, and will seat 1 200 persons It must be one of the largest wooden churches in the colons'. In George street, which is one of the thoroughfares running parallel with Brunswick-street, a sensational crime was committed 20 years ago. The local branch of the English, Scot tiah, and Australian Chartered Bank, now in Gertrude-street, but then in George-street, was entered one morning in 1864 by four men, who attempted to " stick up " the estab- lishment The officials made a successful resistance, and two of the ruffians, Woods and Car.cr, were convicted and hung. Woods, an old Tasmanian convict, died a blasphemous, unrepentant desperado. Smith street, the eastern boundary of Fitzroy, has already been referred to in the article on Col- lingwood. Some fine largo buildings are now going up on the Fitzroy side of the street. The rapid multiplication of houses in North Fitzroy during the last seven or eight years is something wonderful, especially when it is remembered that numerous other parts of the metrópolis are also acquiring a largely-in- creased population simultaneously. There are four reserves for almshouses in tiiia part of the city, namely, those ot the Foresters, the Licensed Victuallers, the Old Actors' As- sociation, nnd the Old Colonists'Association. Tne two latter bodies have put up some nice cottages on their reserves on Merri Creek, which water-course, by the bye, is frequently referred to in the early histories of Melbourne. The Duke of Edinburgh gardeiiB are also in North Fitzroy. This reserve comprises an area of 33 acres, is vested in the Board of Land und Works and jtht^Jpcal, corporation, and the nccommodatipn for.sports of variqus kinds which it alfords,is freely availed^ of by the j'ouths of the district. Under an agree- ment made last year between the Board pf Land and Works and the Fitzroy' Corpora- tion £500 is to be expended in improving this reserve, the amount being contributed in equnl suras by the two bodies. A good deal ot work has already been done under the direction of Mr N M Bickford, and one result of the improvements has been a very marked increase in the \ alue of the surround ing freehold propertj FiUroy claims that it possesses the largest artisans' school of design in the colony. It has a splendid town hall, not quite finished, which belongs to the Corinthian style of architecture, and has cost already £13,000 This building contains, besides the mum cipal olliees, a free hbiary and a decorated largo hall, which is constantly being used for pvtblic meetings or social gatherings 1 ltzroj, ¡ike nenrly every suburb, has un "assembly,' winch dances periodically during the winter months As such assemblies constitute feature of social life in the suburbs, a few words about them may not be considered out of place here. Tho suburban assemblies are more or less select In some nearly every one IB welcome it he has a coat on , in others no one in business is admitted So far as can be ascertained, none ot these coteries are as yet so exclusive as to refuse membership to the sons or daughters of persons engaged m business Thackeray, in his Bool of Snot/s, pretended to have discovered snobs in all ranks, even on thrones ,liut there are, of course, no snobs ni Melbourne except in the boot factories, -till, the line,must be drawn somewhere T he lenders of the more rigidly select seta say, in eftect, paraphrasing an old nursery jingle - " This Is tho hall where vvo danoo This Is tha baker all flour and douall, who can t outer tho hall whore vvo dance This is the son, I rought up to no trade, of baker so whito , he eau cuter tho hall whero dance This is tho ejrl, so proud and refined who married tho sou, brought up to no trndo ol tho haket so white she can enter the hall where wo dance The writer has not mentioned bakers in con sequence of any special case that has come under ins notice, but merely because that trade is one of the first m alphabetical order Returning to 1'itzroy, one of the most striking buildings in the city is St Murk. Church, which v\as opened in 18JJ, or 29 yenrs n"o 'lhere is an older building, still standing on the church lands, which was previously used by the congregation as n place of worship 'Hie tower and spue of the present church, which make it ao con spicuous in the Inndsenpe, were bef,un in 1873, and cost nenrly 12 OOO It will surprise many persons to leam that this church lins cost altogether £19,000 It waa built when labour was vers high lowards the cost, the late Mr Richard Once contributed £13,000 Owing to Ins liberality and the efforts of others of the eongreiition tho debt is at pre sent onls £-0 1 lie p istor of St Mark s the Rev It 1! Barlow, lins held his incutnbencs over 25 jenrs 'Hie Wislesun Church, m Brunswick btreet, was built at a later date, but, on the same site, there wns previousls a plain brick building belonging to that de liomin ition 1 he Brunswick street .Vcslesnn Suiulus School recentls celebrated its 12nd un niversurs A noivst the names figuring in the municipal history of 1 lt/roy me those of Mr George Harker Mr C Vaughan, Mr Tdward Lankton, Mr lucifer ^Linster of Lands), and Mr James M Kean Mr Lingtons public career begun when lie jome L the committee which vsns formed to procure the separation of the old I it/roy ward from the citj of Mel bourne He was one of the first councillors of the I lt/ros municipality Hie following liguies will help to show the progresa made by 1 lt/ros In the Fitzroj ward, in 1851, there weie 79G dwellings and a population of 3,419 , in 1873, there were in the municipality 3,802 buildiugs and a popu lation of upwards of 10,000 , theie are now about 5,000 dwellings and a population of 24,000 'lhe annual valuation of the rate able property has increased from £112,739 in 1871 to £17d 505 in 1883 1 or some sears the rntes, general and special, have been 20d in the£ 