M'Neil and Williams, who had their sentence of death commuted to penal servitude for life, with the first five years in ironB, are still confined within the gaol walls (says the Brisbane Tele nr/in/i\ \X71ion +lin naivci srf4.li At i- str\iv\¥viii_ tation reached them on Tuesday evening, M'Neil's countenance lit with joy, but Williams seemed quite as callous as here tofore. As every condemned man is at once placed in irons, it is probable that their term of punishment in that line will begin froin tbe date of their sentence. It is not known yet when they will be removed to St. Helena. Towie's Pennyroyal onr] Strel Pills for fc males quickly correct all ii regularities, and reliiipe Iliedietre'Eiug Fvmploinssj prevalent wilh ihe ecx. Bomb 2i. 'J I. off all ChemistB Prep red only by E. T. Towlo, Chemist, Not tiopliim, England, ^poats for Brisbane Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists ; Elliott Bros. & Oo.,— Wholesile Druggists. AnvicE to Mothers 1— Are yon broken in yonr rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth 7 Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mus. Wikslow's Sootuiko Sruur. It will rolivo the poor sufferer im mediately. It ie perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, qniet sleep, byreliering the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It sothes tho child, it softens the gams, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and i the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at It I id. per bottle. A CAnn.— T.i all who are suffering from the errors and iiuliscreiio'£ of youth, nervous wo k ni'EB, early di cay, loss of manhood, &o; , I will s-nd a recipo thntwili cure you, frco of charge. 1 bis Rieat !?? uiedy was discovered by a mission ary in Soutli Amciica. Srnd a s--lf addretscd envelo e nuil sixpence to p:e]iay postiC' lo tho Be?. J -?eph 1. Innian, t-t:.tion, D., New York City, U.S.A. Woman's Sphere — Tuere are ew -nnn now so benighted as to believe that woman's mission can be summed up in Shakcspparc'6 words : 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing now 10 uhku oreau or muKe a cusiaru, ann in both these little ;uts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Barwir.lt & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, hnvc produced thoir celebrated ' Baking Powder' and did Mi'dal ' Custnrd Powder.' Wilh (he forranr nrirle the most palatable bread, cakes, a'd paptiy can be produced speedily, anil wilb marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the l;i((er, pIiq is independent of the domestic hen, and can make Ihe most drlicioui custards, blanc-manges, &c;, at half the usua; time. Small Capita* fSTs wisninrr tr TCstalilfKh n Business should we if there ib An i -pi-ning for a Mineral Water Manufactory in (h'eir district, All information and receipts for the purpose ri making Lemonade, Soda Water, *c, is given ? previous knowledge is not necessary. The jemand for these drinks is so much on the in creasi1, in all part* of the world, that tbeoutlay for tbe machinery iu all cases leads to a profi able and safe business, CuLaloguc forwarded free, or can be ln-u dt the office of this paper on ?jaymentof Is. — Babnutt aDd fTosTKB.. Engi now 210, Forston street. London, N. Ghosts. — An alien jit is tring made in tbe old cor'-iry lo revive the lielipf in viBitant from i o'.jer world, and many are tbe wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, bow-e'er, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark (o Marluy's ghost : ' How do I know that von arc not a bit of undigested bread 1' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the Barest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Mcdul Baking Powder in making bread { for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will rajs'! bread in the most admiiable fashion. Evory wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good houscwise buys it. 61at Good Digestion wait on Appetite, says Shakespeare, but 'good digestion ' will never nviit upon bad bread, and it ie therefore of tbe great* bt import.incet.hat in making bread or.c should use only those leavening agents which have acquired n high reputation through long use in honschoMG throughout the world Foremost amongst lhnsi» must be rockourd ' Borwick'fe Gold Medal finking Powder,' which had stood the test in every climate of the world Get it. nsi1 it, arjd add your testimony to that of the millionf who praise it. 