A WITNESS fltt THE DEFENCE. In Three Chapters. — Conclusion. To say that there was a. Sensation' would feebly desoribe what followed. Everyone in court sprang to his feet The prisoner looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was a perfect- hubbub of voices, as bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitors1 table poured questions upon me — to none of which I replied. Silence bring restored, the voics of the judge — grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremour — descended like vocal oil ou the troubled waves of sound. 4 Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher ?' 4 Mr. Bentley, ray lord.' The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name wai familiar enough to biro as a judge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me. 4 I am persuaded,' said he. that a gentle- man of Mr. Beutley's repute and exprienoe has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and unheard-of I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion ?' 4 My lord,' I replied, I am certain that, believing what I have had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should ber greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facts which are within my owb knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call me as a witness, year lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or dtttil I am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evidence will put an end to the ftse agaioet him.' 4 Really, gentlemen of the jury,' said his lordship, 4 this matter is assuming a more Bud more remarkable aspect. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which ever came under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of c unsel'fl assistance. Prisoner, is it your wish t iat this gentleman should be called &b; a witness on your behaU? You have heard what ho has said about certain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of oourse you are not bouud to answer aay such questions, and may, nevertheless, call hltD. V hat do you say?' 1 .1 am in God's handd, my lord,' answered (he prisoner, who was quite calm again. 4 It may be that He has raised up a deliverer for me — I cannot tell. But I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save ma ; if He wills to save me, nought can do me ho harm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wishes.' 4 1 propose,' said the judge, before decid ing this extraordinary point to consult with the learned Reoorder in the next conrt.' All rose as the jadge retired; and during his absence I esoaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying myself in a consultation with my oounsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I proposed to do ; and then threw himself back in his seat with the air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again. Si-lence 1' cried the usher/ The judge Was returning. 4 1 have decided,' said he, 4 to allow the uuestions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval.' I sat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed up to the judge. As he read them, be looked more surprised than 6vor. But all he said, as he . handed them down, was, 4 Put the questions.' I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, Bod wrote his answers slowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already id&tsd.; As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my faca averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrocght by twelve years they found that the description tallied closely with the man's appearance. 4 I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers : — Question. — Were you smoking when you oame up to the corner of Haur&ki; street? Answer.— No. 4 Question — Did you afterwards smoke ? Answer. — I had no lights. 'Question. — Did you try to get a light? Answer. — Yes, by climbing a lamp at the oorner ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against the cross bar. ' Question. — Where did you carry your pipe and tobacco ? A nswer. — In my hat. Those answers, I conoluded, 4 are absolutely correct in every particular. The man whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'clock on the night of tbo murder, behaved as the answers indicate. Tbjti concludes the evidence I have felt bound to tender.' And I handed the Blip of paper to the usher for inspection by the jury. Prisoner,' inquired the judge, do you call any other witness.' 4 1 do not, my lord.' Then, gentlemen,' said the judge, turning to the jury, the one remark that I shall make to you is this — that if you believe the sfo» of the prisoner's witnose, there can be i -f'e doubt bat that the nr?BOr- : k, -.j u.--? whom the witness saw at .iu corner of Hauraki street at eight o'clocx on the night iu question ; and if taafc was so, it is clear, on the case of prosecution, that he oanuot have committed thir rautder. I should not be doicg ay duty if I did nc.-f point oqi to yen that the witness in question ie likely, to eay (be least, to he without bias in the . . - 1 " — T" — -- - - - '-i i - prisoner's favour, and (hat his evidsnoe is very strongly corroborated indeed fey the prisoner's enswere to -the written questions put to him. -Gentlemen, you wilt now consider your verdict.' 4 We arc agreed, my Icr V eaid the fore man. ' Gentlemen of the jury/ sung out the Ciork of arraigns, ' are you ail agreed upon y&ur; verdict ?' . 4 We are.' ' 4 And that verdict is ?' 4 Not guilty.' 4 And that is the verdict of you all ?' 4 It is.' J There followed a burst of cheering which the usher aould not silence, but which silenoed itself as the julge was seen to bo speaking. John Harden— J am thankful, every man in this court is thankful, that j our trust in the mercy and po wer of the Ali- merciful and AU-powerful has not bstn in yaiu. You sttnd acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdict of the jury, and most wonderful has been your deliverance. You go forth a free man ; and I am glad to think that the goodness cf God has been keetowed on who has repented of his past sins, and who is not likely, hope and believe, to be unmind ful of that goodnesB hereafter. You are diBoharged.' Had he been left to himself, ,1 think the prisoner's old master would have climbed into the dook, with the view of personally delivering his servant out of the house of bondage. But he was restrained by a sympathetic co as table, while John Harden was re-conveyed for a short time to the gaol, to undergo certain necessary formalities con nected with his release from custody. 1 volunteered to take charge of Mr. Slocum, and took him to the vestibule of the prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon joined by Harden whose meeting wirik his master brought a lump into the threat even of a tough criminal lawyer like mvlf. I saw them into a cab, and tbey drove off to Mo Slocum's hotel, after promising to call on me next day, and enlighten me on certain points as to which I was still in the dark. As strange a part of my story as any has yet to be told. I had hardly got back to my office and settled down to read over the various letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late olient ( Harden 'e prosecutor) was announced. I had lost sight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. He did not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my room. He was ashen white, or rather grey, and his knees shook so that ha could scarcely stand ; bat his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in the presence of the astonished clerk, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective cf the foulest kind. I had sold him ; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief of a lawyer, whom he would have struck off the the rolls, etc. ; until I really thought he had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that he was no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom be knew to be innocent. As he only replied with abusive language, I ordered him out of the office. The office quieted itself ocoe more — being far too busy, and also too well accus tomed to eccentric people to have time for long wonderment, at anything — and in an hour I had finished my work, and was pre paring to leave for home, when another visitor was announced— Inspector Forrester. 4 Weil, Mr. Forrester, what's the matter now ? I'm just going off.' 4 Sorry if L put yon out of the way, sir ; but I thought you'd like to here what's happened. The prosecutor in Harden'e oase has given himself up for the murder !' 4 What ?' I shouted. 4 He just has, sir. It's aqueor day, this is. When I beard you get up and give evidence for the m&u; you were prosecuting, I. thought curiosities was over for ever ; but seems they ain't, and never will be.' 4 How was it ?' < 4 Well, he came into the station quite quiet, ' and seemed a bit cast down, but that was all. Said fate was against him, and had saved the man he thought to hang in his etead, and he knew how it must end, and oouldn't wait_ any longer. I cautioned him, of course ; told him to sleep on it before he said anything ; . but make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when he saw that poor drunken fool exhibiting liis knife in the tavero. He fol lowed him, and picked his packet of the knife, and then hung about the house, mean ing to get in after dark. Then be saw the girl come out and go off, leaving the door closed/but not latched, the careless hussy ! Then in slips the- gentleman, and does what he'd made-up his mind to — for, you see, the nld wnm#n Irnp.W him well. 80 he COUldu't afford to leave her alive —gets the' cash, and slips out. All in gold it was — two hundred and fifty pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enough in trade wish the money. Seems he considered he wasn't safe until someone bad be-m ba -gei. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on hica at once, and was intensely eager to get him convicted ; which I noticed myself, sir, as, of course, you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt. He took boo much pains, you see— he must employ you, to make certain, instead of leaving- it to us ; whereaB. if he hadn't come to you, your evidence would never have been given, and I think you'll eay nothing could have saved the prisoner.1 - Is was true enough. Th||p|iilched man had insured the failure of nit pfa .fiendish design by employing me, of ail the solicitors to whom ha might have gone ! I learned next morning how Harden, after trying in vain to light hie pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours thronga. the hard-hearted streets, until at daybreak he had found hiavieif in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop i down the river with the tide. How he | managed to slip aboard unseen and sto w him- ; eeif away ia the hold. with some idea of : beufirina his not over-bright fortunes in foreign pt»rlt. . Hbw he had -puppcr?ed. feh life ia tbb hold with stray fragments of oisduit, which he happened to hpve in his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary heating about against baffling winds when tbey were out in mid- channel, the usual search for stowaways had unearthed him. How the captain after giving Jiim plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to allow him to work aft a sailor on board the vessel. How, on landing at Sydney, he had gone into the interior, taken service with his present master — under another name than his own, wishing to dis connect Himself entirely wish his former life -and by honeBtly doing his duty had attained his present position. By the light of tnu- narrative, that which had puzzled me became perfectly clear— namely, how is was that he had contrived uot enly to get so entirely lost in spice of the hue and cry after him, but also to remain in ignorance of his aunt's fate. My olient was tried, Convicted, and executed in due oourse ; his plea of guilty and volantary surrender having no weight against the oruel and cowardly, attempt to put an innocent man in bis place. When I Uet saw John Harden, he was mar ried to a serious lady, wbo had been his late .master's housekeeper, and was possessor of a prosperous general shop iu a country village, stocked by means of the money which Mr. Slocum had generously left him.— Chambers's Journal. 