TBS Z.ATS TOWN CLERK'S DEFALCATIONS • It is now some months since the Adelaide Guarantee Society refused to make good the embezzlements of the late Town Clerk, whom they had guaranteed to the extent of ^200. As a reason for the refusal it was stated that the Town Council had not fulfilled the conditions on which the guarantee was given, and it was openly declared that the Society was prepared to run the risk and expense of a lawsuit, in order to show Corporation and District Councils that they could not with im punity neglect the precautions necessary for the prompt detection of dishonesty on the part of their officers, It was unfortunate for our Corporation that there had been such a series of defalcations and embezzlements by District Council and Corporation officers just at that time, and that it was considered necessary to make an exampleof someone of these bodies; but that circumstance did not in any way affect the intrinsic merits of the case. It was undeniable that the Finance Committee had performed its duties in a most perfunctory manner; that the accounts had been kept most carelessly ; that the audit had been delayed beyond the time specified by the Municipal Corporations Act; that no half-yearly balance had been made, as the Act also directs; and that the bank pass-book had not been made up since the first quarter of the previous year. All these things showed beyond doubt or dispute that the Town Council had fallen far short of its duty to the ratepayers; but it remained to be seen whether this negligence invalidated the guarantee of the Town Clerk's honesty which had been taken out. Th Guarantee Society had evidently taken legal advice, and decided that the claim could be successfully contested ; and the Corporation, before seeking to enforce it, very properly took counsel's opinion on the case. To some minds the liability of the Guarantee Society would seem a foregone conclusion. It undertook, for a consideration, to insure the Corporation against loss from the possible dishonesty of the Town Clerk, up to ^200; that officer proved dishonest, and loss was inflicted the Corporation ; therefore the Society should make good the defalcations. This line of reasoning would be perfectly sound if the guarantee had been an unconditional one j but it was not; and hence the Society's refusal to pay. In submitting the case to so eminent an authority as Mr J. H. Symon, Q.C., the Corporation has no doubt obtained the most reliable legal opinion obtainable in the colony, and his verdict may be considered as de cisive as if it had been pronounced by the Supreme Court. The delay which has taken place, however, in obtaining an authoritative legal opinion is not altogether creditable to the business reputation of the Council. When an important issue is to be decided, no private individual would let months elapse before he had done his utmost to ascertain exactly what he had to expect—but the ways of municipal and legislative bodies are not as those of private firms or individuals. There is, however, some extenuation of the delay which has taken place, as the Corporation probably wished to ascertain to the fullest extent the defalcations of which their late officer had been guilty. It is doubtful whether this has been achieved even now ; but as to the validity of the claim on the Guarantee Society there is no longer any uncertainty. Mr Symon gives in uncompromising terms his opinion that the Corporation has failed to perform its part of the guarantee contract, and that, in an action at law for the recovery of the amount of the Town Clerk's defalcations, the issue would be adverse. In support of this opinion he states that in a contract of guarantee, the surety is discharged if the person guaranteed omits to do anything which he is bound to do for the protection of the surety; and further, that the guarantee proposal stated that the accounts were " checked fortnightly," and the declarations of the proposal were made express conditions of the policy. The " fortnightly checkings" were supposed to have been performed by the Finance Committee, but from Mr Gliddon's report upon the state of the accounts, it was evident that the checkings had been purely nominal, and could not " by any stretch of ingenuity" be construed as fulfilling the terms of the proposal. Even if there • had been no express mention of these checkings in the guarantee proposal, Mr Symon considers that the Society would be justified in refusing to satisfy the claim, on the general principle that the Corporation had omitted to take such precautions as were necessary for the protection of the guarantors. In the face of so explicit and decisive an opinion from such an authority, the Corporation would simply be throwing money away if they attempted to enforce the claim, even though, as Mr Symon points out, the attempt could be made at no great expense in the Local Court. They have, therefore, resolved to abandon the claim and put up with the loss. It is a serious one, but there is really no other course open to them; and the only consolation which remains, is that the lessons learned by experience are seldom, if ever, forgotten. The amount of Bond's defalcations, as at first stated, was ^180 7s. 1 id., but as other embezzlements are suspected, the actual sum is probably quite equal to that of the guarantee, J&200\. As this sum when expended on public works would have entitled the Corporation to a similar amount of Government subsidy, the Corporation therefore loses £400 through the carelessness and neglect of its late members. The Town Councillors for the present year were not, however, altogether free from blame, since they had been three months in office before the old style of "not doing things" was altered, and, indeed, it might possibly have been allowed to exist up to the present, had not the audit fiasco brought about an eclaircissemmt. It was, however, during the previous year that the Town Clerk commenced and carried on his embezzlements, and it is on the members of the late Town Council, and more especially on those who formed the Finance Committee, that the responsibility of the serious loss rests. If they had been baffled and deceived by cunningly devised and systematically carried out deception; had their vigilance' been eluded by fraudulent ingenuity and "cooked" accounts, the Corporation would have sustained no loss—they were guaranteed against that; but they were not guaranteed against such fraud as they might easily have detected in its in cipience. It is of little use now to declaim or lament over the losses of the past—it cannot be recalled, and there is little likelihood of similar circumstances again occurring. There is a forlorn consolation in knowing that not only has our own Corporation received a severe, though needed, lesson, but that other municipal bodies will learn from our example to avoid similar blunders. The mistake which our Town Councillors made was of a twofold character. In the first place, they placed implicit reliance on the probity and uprightness of their officer, and forgot that it was their duty to test, instead of taking it for granted. If the integrity of an officer is so completely above suspicion as to render financial checks unnecessary, it is obvious that to pay for a guarantee policy is a mere waste of money. This is the unavoidable corollary of the " implicit reliance" style of argument— but we are not aware that it is ever carried out to its legitimate conclusion. The other mistake which the Town Councillors appear to have fallen into, was that, as the Town Clerk's honesty was guaranteed,it was supererogatory to check his accounts. The fallacy of this belief has been unpleasantly demonstrated by the Guarantee Society's refusal to make good the defalcations, and Mr Symon's opinion as to the legality e of the refusal. We have, at an extremely depressed season, and at a mal-apropos juncture, to submit to the loss of £400, and, as a compensation, have learned that confidence in the honesty of responsible officers and financial guarantees for their faithfulness are not efficient safeguards against the results which may arise from the per functory discharge or neglect of municipal duties by those to whom they are entrusted. CASE OF DROWNING. — This morning about 2 o'clock Constable Hic on night duty, while coming down Commercial-road heard a splash in the Gulf. He immediately proceeded to Tassie'e Jetty, and hoarded the brig Phillis, from which he distinctly saw a mun's bead above the water about 50 yards from the starboard bow. He roused up the hands on board the brig, and they procured a boat; but the succour was too late, as the man had sunk. They pulled about for some time, and picked up a hat. This morning tbe police were engaged dragging for the body. There is not the slightest clue to tbe identity of the man, though it is supposed that he was a sailor. Enquiries are being made on board all tbe ships in harbor, to find out whether any of the hands are missing. One man is missed from the City of Adelaide, and it was at first supposed that it was be, but it was asserted that he wa8 seen drinking in the Port this morning. SILVERTON YIELDS.—The Silverton correspondent of the Register is responsible for the following statement as to the quantity of ore raised at the Silverton mines :—During the six months < nding June 30 no less than 667 tons of silver ore, valued at £18,644, have been shipped from Port Adelaide, and of these, parcels have realized in England as high as £932 per ton ; and during the last week returns have been received of shipments which have raelized £834 per ton, or £4,170 for five tons ; and two shipments from the Apollyon mine realized an average of £175 and £155 per ton respectively, although some of the parcels went as high aB £540 and £420 per ton. There is about 120 tons of ore leaving Port Adelaide in a few days. In fact, it i8 not too much to state that during the current six months there will tie over 1,000 tons of silver ore sent away from this district, which when the difficulties of transit are borne in mind, and the fact that only a few of the claimB are beginning to be systematically developed— is 1 most latisfaotoxymnlt. THE XL PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPANY.—We have had an opportunity of inspecting same of the photos. turned out by Messrs Duryea & Co, of the XL Photographic Co., who have erected their studio near the Terminus Hotel, in Commercial-road. The photographs are all well finished, the minutest details being clearly brought out, and the whole appearance and mounting of the pictures clearly showing that no pains are spared to keep abreast of the times. Some very nice views of public buildings, river-steamers, &c.;, in Wilcannia, as well as of well-known citizens, are on view. A TABS' FAREWELL.—On Friday, 26th inBtant, the local branch of the Blue Ribbon Army gives a farewell tea meeting and entertainment in the Wesleyan Church to the sailors now in Port, many of whom have joined tbe Cerulean Brigade. The object of the entertainment is not to raise money, but to afford innocent and pleasing amusement to the sailors. The programme includes songs, recitations, and speeches, from blue jackets as well as Blue Ribbonites —the former should be a decided draw. DIFFERENTIAL TARIFFS IS TONQUIN.— Tne French authorities in Tonquin have lost no time in giving a foretaste of their commercial policy in the new colony. They have already framed two tariffs. Under the first, all imports from the British colony of Hong Kong paid 5 per cent, ad valorem, while those from the French Saigon paid only 2£ per cent. But General Mellot regarded this as too liberal, and by his second tariff discriminated between imports from Saigon of foreign and of French origin. The former pay 5 per cent., while the latter pay 2i. In addition, steamers trading from Hong Kong are prohibited from conveying Chinese passengers into Tonquin. But probably when the military dictatorship ends, we shall see more reasonable counsels prevail. THE BREAK OF GAUGE DIFFICULTY.— The Railway Commission are now calling evidence with the view of arriving at Bome satisfactory method of obviating the inconvenience caused hy the break-of-gauge at Terowie and Ham ley Bridge. Air Mais has been examined, and has produced a plan of Ramsay's invention, tbe principle of wiiich is to lift the body of the truck from one set of wheels to another, by means of a special apparatus. The truck is run on a kind ot turntable, on wbicb its body is lifted off the wheels by another Bet, so placed so as to carry the edge of the truck. The wheels and axles are then detached, and another set, of the gauge required, substituted. Mr Main does no recommend the use of tbis invention for ordinary traffic, as tbe quantity of goods transhipped is not sufficient to watrant it, but for live stock. He has also promised to prepare an estimate of the cost of lying a third rail from Terowie to Adelaide. Mr Thow haa been examined on those points, but his answers to most questions were strictly non-committal, as he was not prepared to positively affirm anything ot any importance, except as to laying a third rail from Terowie to Adelaide, which he considered would be too expensive. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. — On Monday evening the usual weekly meeting of this society was held in the Bible Christian Church, the Institute Hall being occupied by Lieut. Rose. After the transaction of some routine business, Mr Mellor read a paper on " Wit and Humor." The essayist began by stating the difficulty which exists in defining these words, and after illustrating by example the various forms and kinds ot wit, quoted one definition of this mental quality, as the power of perceiving, and making others perceive, analogies between apparently dissimilar ideas or words. Humor was, aecor ling to another authority, a combination of wit an benevolence. The essayist pointed out that brilliant wit, unless counterbalanced by good feeling, discretion, and purity of mind, was often more a curse than a blessing to its possessor, causing him to be regarded with mingled fear and admiration, rather than with friendly feeling and affection. Sarcastic wits might be respected and held in awe, but their witticisms made them more enemies than admirers. Voltaire, whose wit was of the keenest as well as the most brilliant, had been likened by one of his contemporaries to a child who had obtained possession of Jupiter's thunderbolts, and who used in sport what the God only employed in anger. When, however, associated with the qualities pre viously referred to, wit was one of the moBt enviable and elevating qualitieR that man could possess. Tne essayist then pointed out that minds which are peculiarly susceptible to humorous influences are also most deeply and easily touched by pathos. The works of Dickens and Hood, both of whom were distinguished equally for their humor and pathos, were cited as marked examples of this combination of feelings. Allusion was then made to the long roll of English humorists, from Ben Johnson to Dickens; and Addison and Goldsmith were especially singled out for the pure-toned, genuine, and irresistible humor of their works, especially in the "Sir Roger de Coverly" papers of the former, and the " Vicar of Wakefield" of the latter. As an illustration of the peculiar character of Lamb's humor, Mr Mellor read a portion of that author's famous " Dissertation on Roast Pig;" Dickens was drawn upon for the celebrated description of Sam Weller, struggling with the composition of a valentine, and Hood's punuing power was illustrated by the ballad of " Faithless Nelly Gray." The essay, which was interspersed with numerous smart and humorous quotations, was heard with great attention, evoked a good deal of applause, and was followed by complimentary criticisms from a number of members. It was resolved that there should be no meeting of the Society on Monday next, as a concert is to take place on that evening for the benefit of the Institute. THE CEUPS.—Mr J. G. Bice, of the firm of Trewenack & Bice, who has just returned from a flying tour through the Port Pirie district, informs us that the crops in tbe Hundreds of Davenport and Winninowie look rathei backward, and are evidently suffering from the prevailing dry weather. They are short and rathi r sickly looking. In the Hundreds of Telowie, Pirie, Napperby, Crystal Brook, Booyoolie, Caltowie, Belalie, Mannanarie, and Yongala, they are looking splendid, being all well grown and healthy, and, to far as he could learn, without a sign of rust. Mr Carmicbael, of Telowie, has about 700 acres under crop, the whole looking well. In the Hundred of Crystal Brook, Mr Bice saw two paddocks of Du Toit'6 or Twenty-weeks wheat, introduced into this colony from America about three years ago, and recommended on account of itB reaching maturity early, and consequently being less liable to rust than the varieties already grown here. The wheat in both cases was looking really splendid ; one crop which was sown in April was almost ripe, and the other, sown later, was as luxuriant as could be wished, being 4ft. 6in. high, with fine hard straw, and well filled ears. Evidences of slovenly farming were very perceptible in several hundreds, in one place especially, a crop on one side of the road looking well grown and healthy, while that on the other was stunted and sickly. Taken altogether, the crops in tbe lower areas give promise of an abundant harvest, if rain falls soon, while those nearer Port Augusta will average fairly if they only icoeive tbe aeoeewy amount of moisture. THE WEATHER.—At last it appears that the long Btrecch of dry weather which we have experienced is about to break up. The southern portions of the colony a few days ago received some heavy showers, and at Gawler a flood resulted, and near Strathalbyn a death from drowning in a flooded creek took place. The sultry state of the atmosphere in this district has been perfectly phenomenal for the last week, but this morning a decided change took place,, a gentle but tolerably continuous rain has been falling since 10 o'clock, and the aspect of the sky warrants the belief that a regular downpour is in store for us. It will certainly be welcome. SILVER LEAD FIND.—Two or three days ago a teamster brought a sample of silver lead ore to Port Augusta West, which he said he had found between Pernatty and Monalena, and close to the probable route of the Phillips Ponds railway. The sample in question is of the kind known as galena, and is of laminated texture and striated appearance. The finder was reticent respecting the precise locality of his discovery, and intends trying it further. The stone from which the.sample was taken was picked up on the surface, and very much resembles some of the specimens found at Thackaringa when the silver mines there were first discovered. A BUNvrp.—Yesterday morning two of F. C Hill 's children, while playing on the beach at Port Augusta West, saw a strange animal swim from the deep water on to the sand, and disport itself there. One of the children, a boy, wished to arrest it sans ceremony, but was prevented by his sister, and contented himself with throwing stones at it. When tired of this pastime the children. went home and informed their father, who armed himself with a rifle, and sallied forth to destroy tbe monster, but when he arrived on the spot, it was not there. The eldest child described it as about three feet long, of a white color, with legs, long flaps like eara, and a head like a pig. We believe that men engaged on some of the coasting barges have occasionally seen white Beats in the Gulf, and it is natural to suppose that this animal phenomenon belonged to the cetacean order. LIEUTENANT ROSE.—On Monday evening this skilful prestidigitateur and illusionist gave an entertainment in tbe Institute Hall. The first portion of tbe evening was devoted to card tricks, in which the per t former was eminently successful. Cards were drawn by several of the audience from, and replaced in a pack, which was then shuffled by one of the audience and returned to the performer, who placed it in a common glass tumbler. A -magic 1. lock was then suspended above the stage and a code of signals arranged. The clock then indicated a card, as having been drawn by one of the audience, and the performer, holding the tumbler in one hand, waved a wand over it with the other till the correct card gradually rose from the pack and exposed itself to view. This exceedingly clever trick was repeated with great success until all the cards which had been drawn were exposed, the performance being received with hearty plaudits. A very amusing feature of the entertainment was the process of catching suppositious coins in the air, and on the heads or dresses of the spectators, the Lieutenant humorously explaining that the atmosphere was, according to the latest scientific authorities, full of metallic particles, which he alone possessed the power of concentrating and capturing. The deliberate caution with which he pursued his visionary prey, swooping down on it like a swallow on a May fly, the air of satisfaction with which the captured coin was filliped into the air. caught and transferred to a " beltopper" d with a pleasing clink, and tbe general air of perfect good faith which characterised the performance constituted a very pretty piece of acting, which was productive of great merriment and applause. The bat trick may ba thought rather antiquated, but when the Lieutenant calmly and methodically persisted in extracting a wheelbarrow load of india rubber balls, ribbons, ladies' companions, slippers dolls, veils, &c.;, out of one small " hard felt," discoursing pleasantly the while on all sorts of things, the audience began to wonder if he would ever exhaust its contents, and it was darkly hinted that he would be a very acceptable help to a fancy bazaar. Then followed an experiment with a bank note, borrowed for the occasion, wuich wus apparently burned, but eventually extracted by its owner safe and sound,from a certain section of a certain candle selected by him. The question reading business was next performed successfully, and the Lieutenant gave a spiritualistic performance after the style of the once notorious Davenport Brothers. He premised, however, that he had devoted a good deal of time and attention to spirit manifestations and mediums, and especially to the "spirit writing" fraud, and had come to the conclusion that the " spirits" got the credit, the medium got the money, and the spectators " got" humbugged. A species of curtained cabinet had been placed on the stage, in which were three chairs. The Lieutenant took his seat in one of these, and two members of th audience (one of them a sailor) went up and bound him securely hand and foot to tbe chair. The curtains were then drawn, and immediately dim haads were seen gesticulating over the top of the curtain, a bell was rung, pieces of wood were thrown about, and finally a coat came flying over the curtains, and fell with a decidedly material thump on the stage. When the curtains were unclosed the Lieutenant was discovered coatless sitting plaudly in his chair, and when the' knots were examined, he was found to be securely tied up (to all appearance.) One of tbe audience then took a seat in the cabinet and the same manifestations occurred, and in addition, the Ieg6 of a chair were brandished freely over the top of the curtains. When the latter were unclosed the performer was found, still tied, with his coat on, and his com panion's head was muffled up in a rug, and crowned with an inverted chair. This "brought down the house," as did also the handcuff trick, which was afterwards performed. Sergeant Richards, who was present, produced a pair of regulation handcuffs, with which the Lieutenant was duly braceleted. He then entered the cabinet, and showed his wrists above the top, pinioned together with the handcuffs, atter which tbe hands separated as if there was no tie uniting them, and on the curtain being withdrawn the Lieutenant was found as securely (or rather insecurely) handcuffed as at first. The ventriloquial entertainment with which the evening closed suffered a good deal from the state of the atmosphere in the hall, which was almost unbearable, through an extensive escape of gas from tbe footlights. The cause of the stifling closeness and villainous odour was not discovered until the performance was over, when it was found that three jets had been turned on without their being ignited. On Tuesday night Lieutenant Rose repeated his performance, with the addition of a ghost, which he raised while so securely tied hand and foot that it was impossible to move " one single inch." He also showed some old friends who bad died many years ago, and was so successful in materialising them that one yonng man, a resident of Port Augusta while in the flesh, recognised an old companion in the audience, and ufced tun) bow be WU getting os." THE SEARCH FOB HOUSCHILDT. — The Minister of Justice received the following message from the Government Resident, Northern Territory, on Monday :—"Port Darwin, September 22. I returned from Port Essington and Melville Island yesterday. The 8.8. Palmerston left with Inspector Foelsche last evening for the Daly River, to meet Corporal Montague, Lm-anus (the leader of the search party), and the survey party, all of whom were to meet to-day or to-morrow at Owston's. If desirable all the survey men will be sworn in as special constables. Mr Foelsche thinks the murderers will not be captured on the Daly. We sent away a party of Larrakeeyahs from Palmerston a week ago, and expect to get information and make captures through them. 'Old men' of the guilty tribe will be captured if murderers are not arrested. It is reported that a black boy has been captured who knows where Houschildt's body is, and that it had two spear wonnds in the head. Two blacks were captured on the Daly cattle station who are supposed to be accomplices " THE RAILWAY BILLS. — Yesterday the Silverton and Phillip's Ponds Railway Bills were introduced in the Assembly and tbe second reading of the Adelaide and Willunga Bill was brought on. Tbe Premier in bis declaration of policy on assuming office, declared that the Ponds line came first on tbe ministerial list, but tbe Willunga line has taken precedence— compliment no doubt to Chief Secretary's constituents. As however, the cost is estimated at £14,000 per mile, and as the line is one of convenience, an l will not pay anything like interest on the cost of construction, the rejection of the Bill is foregone conclusion. The Ponds line, though it has its detractors and decriers (notably the sapient members of the S.A.A.) has a good prospect of a favorable reception. It will at the outset command a traffic of at least £8,000 per annum, it will open up an immense area of good pastoral country, improve the value of the pastoral leases which revert to the Crown at no distant date, and in a few years, when the development of tbe back country has been aoootnplished, it will seoore a traffio which will return sn actual profit to the State. The cost of construction is estimated on professional authority to be under £1,500 a mile, and there are no engineering difficulties to be encountered. The only possible item of heavy expense is the providing of a water supply along the line. Tbis has been made a great deal of, and some ridiculously extravagant statements have been made about it with all the gravity and assuiance which so eminently distinguishes tbe Adelaide quid nuncs. In our last issue the probability ot obtaining a full supply of excellent water was shown by the fact that in a few weeks the Government well-sinking party Oakden Hills haB struck a good supply ot splendid water at a depth of 97 feet, and in the dryest part of the route. The line however, needs no bolstering up ; it is in fact its own recommendation, and the only wonder is that it was not undertaken years ago. The Silverton Bill will provoke a good deal of lively discussion as t route, the Government having resolved to adhere to Petersburg as the starting point, and hon. members are only waiting for the production of the survey reports on tbe Terowie, Orroroo and Carrieton routes for the fray to commence. The ultimate passing of the Bill is, however, tolerably safe, as the line will only cost £3,500 a mile, and will open up a large extent oi our own territory, as will as tap th pastoral country and mineral districts in the west of New South Wales. 