Takin' Her In.' The squeaking of a wheelbarrow was was heard in New Church street at 9 o'clock a few nights ago. As the barrow neared the lights of the Church Street Station it was seen to be propelled by four very small boys, two of whom were struggling with each handle. In the barrow lay the limp form of a rather well- dressed old woman, in the laststages of intoxication. Half a dozen other very small boys walked by the side of of the barrow and prevented the woman from falling out. A little girl, carrying a baby almost as big as herself, brought up the rear of the group. Ail the children were very small. There was no cheering or noise as the triumphal procession progressed. Everything was quiet and conducted in an orderly and remarkable business-like manner. When the steps of the station were reached the barrow was stopped and carefully tipped over and the woman deposited on the lower step. Then she was rolled up on to the stone platform, and all but two little boys went away. One of these stood guard over the woman while the other timidly knocked at the station door. It was at last opened by gigantic officer, who stared in an astonished sort of way into the darkness a yard over the boys' heads, while his brass buttons glistened in the light. Then he happened to look down and saw the two children and theprostrate woman, With the assistance of the boys the officer lifted the woman, took her inside, where sliejjave her name as Mary Welsh, of Hector-street, and was locked up. The little boys then went quietly away. A man who had watched the strange scene, overtook the boy with the barrow, and asked : " Are you a policeman ?" " r No," replied the child, with great seriousness ; " but I was takin' her in." " Do you often takepeoplein ?" " Not often, but sometimes. I own the barrow. When me an' Shippery sees old critters as can't stand, an' it's a cold night we takes 'em in. We saw her a layin' in Rector-street, an' I got the barrow. She'd a friz if she'd stopped there." SUGAR IN MILK.—M. Paul Bert, the eminent French biologist, has been investigating the origin of sugar in milk. Two theories exist for explaining this phenomenon, one of which supposes that it Is formed in the gland itself from lactogenic or milk-forming matter, the other supposes that it comes from the blood, and is merely stored in the breasts of animals. M. Bert has experimented with cows and she-goats, and found beyond a doubt that sugar of milk is introduced by excretion in the breasts from sugar formed in excess by the animal. The sugar is apparently first formed in the liver, but whether it appears in the form of lactose, or glyeose, afterwards transformed into lactose in the breasts, is yet a moot point which M. Bert has not investigated. " You're the most curious woman I ever heard of," said a boy to his mother—"you tell me I have a bad temper, and yet blame me for losing it!" Shakespere for Women.—One touch of winter makes the whole female world sealskin. Why should people never be frightened at the appearance of a ghost ?—Because, if it is a ghost, its appearance must, in the nature of things, be immateriaL Why may Queen Victoria be said to have cannibal propensities?—Because she sometimes has eaten (Eton) boys up at Windsor j Castle. 