THE NOVELIST. > JACK'S COURTSHIP/ A SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP. WRECK. br W. Clark russell Chatter XXXVII. waitino. So now the murder was out Aunt Damans at last, thanks to Daniel, knew who I was, but it was like confessing on the brink of the grave. What significance had my love-chase, my courtship, my masquerade, in face of the tremendous calamity that had overtaken the Strathmore ? Whilst Aunt Damaria eat rock ing upon the sofa with, her face buried, and Florence leaned against me within the embrace of my arm,.Mrs. Grant and her daughter, followed mt'Mt. and Mrs. Joyce, the nurse and children, came below and seated themselves. It made one sorrowful to see those little ones, when the nurse and the parents lifted and hushed them in their arms, looking wonderingly and drowsily around, as if they could not understand why they had been snatched from their beds, and why they were not laid down again. * Yon ate wise to come below," I said, addressing Mr. Joyce. In trouble of this kind, passengers never can give sailors too clear a deck to ran abont upon." " I had no idea thai you nad been a sailor," responded Mr. Joyce. Yes," said I, hanging my head, " I was at sea for some years." "One should have supposed so from the manner in which yon rescued my darling, Mr. Egerton," exclaimed Mra. Joyce, hugginj the child to her, and giving me the name . had sailed under, though this reference to my having been to sea proved they had taken notice of Daniel's exclamation to me, and if so, then of the name he hod called me by in hiB hurry and anxiety. " If the ship sinks and we are saved by the boats, I suppose all that we have must be left behind as ? " said poor old Mra Grant, who sat hand in band with her daughter, speaking with an air of resignation. " Oh, don't talk of the ship sinking I" cried ont Aunt Dam&ris.; " Not yet, anyway," said I. " Pity it is not the other end of the night But listen 1 do you notice there is no clanking sonnd of pumps ? The carpalter, yon may be sure, is standing over the well with the sounding rod, and whilst those pumps are silent, yon mayknow*thnt no water has penetrated the bulkhead, and that the ship remains perfectly safe." "It does me good to hear you talk," said Annt Damans. " I am sure yon would not deceive us." "I would not, indeed," I answered. "How long were yon at sea, Mr.—Mr. Seymour? " I told her. " You rnnst know all abont it," she exclaimed, edging np to me, bo to sneak, in her manner. "I know enough to keep a faithful and vigilant eye on yonr and your niece's safety, and to place my life at your service, if my life can help yon," said L She turned her face aside, and said " God bless yon I" in a voice that was like that of a woman of eighty. " If we have to take to the boats they most not separate ns, Jack,"- exclaimed Florence, loud enough for her aunt but not for .the others to hear. " I could not bear that" " We'll not speak of the boats yet, my darling," I replied. "" We may never need them. If the bulkhead holds, the compart ment being full of water will not hinder us from finding our way snugly enough into Sydney Harbour." But though I spoke thus, I had small hope. The Strathmore was a stoutly-built ship, bnt though her frames were of iron, the two bulkheads with which she was fitted—one forward and one aft, leaving the hold a long dear space—were of wood.ua those fittings usually were in sailing vessels in thorn days. These bulkheads were formed of vertical plank tonghed and tie-bolted, as it is called, and " chinsed " or very lightly caulked, so that as water-tight divisions they could not be reckoned perfectly trustworthy, though, now and again, they had saved a ship. There was indeed the chance of the pumps being able to keen the ahip afloat Bhould the bulkhead only leak -but after audi a blow as the steamer had dealt as, apparently cutting the starboard bow right down, carrying away spare and jibbooma forward, ana causing the ship to heel over as if the colliding vessel would steam right over her, there was no telling the strain to which the bulkhead bad been subjected; so thatat any moment the weight of water in the fore compartment might, during a heave up of Hie bows, burst through the bnlkhesd, flood Hie hold in a breath, and send the ship, deep in the water as she already was with many bundredsof tons of freight, to the bottom like a stone. This was Daniel's fear, as he had admitted; but my own judgment in this respect hiudly needed the confirmation of even his large professional knowledge. Miserable It was to an eager, restless man like myself, to be sitting in that cuddy, in active and waiting for something to happen. Yetlwasbnta passenger: I had been asked to set an example; I could do no good on deck; for there were hands and to spare for such work as was to be done in the blackness, and'haply I could have been more ill-em ployed than striving to keep up the spirits of the poor women, and in cherishing and en couraging my darling, who had turned tome in this supreme moment even as a wife might turn to her hushiuid, knowing Mm her best friend under God. Many a time since, whan I have read of collisions, I have re called that dreadful night and thought that if there la "a kind of' work in this world into which a man engaged in itahoold put the full mowing thai hundreds honesty of his aba! knowing m Uvea maydepand upon every blow of his Yevery fiair rivetrbole, every sound; k it ia that of a shipwright You] mnstgothrongh itto know what Itls to fcelnt t ahip in «time of disaster, and to foci that] betwixt jrou and the bottomless deep there I funds nothing hot the labour of an artisan, f u that labour be true, if ha has toiled upon Hie fabric feeling always that precfona human lives wUl trust him and .face the . of the deep in Hie fruits of his work,then when in calamity his work hip is fopnd staunch and his fellow ctoatmea are preserved .by it surely, aU silently, he has achieved a feat that for heroism of conscience raises him among the higbeat of life-savers. But if, on the other hand, his work is false, and those who foustod themselves to.him unquestioning, be acquisition of a few in pounds weighed more with of spores of helpless eternity, then may he one sailor at least as the vilest of mnr* , . . thetaostrlnfetmSna of aataselns: and let those titles be worn by an? man who is w»I>ohalbiefot courting sallow and passengers A'b Courtship" fass ot **Tbe Auktnl into a fillip which he knows to be ill-built or ill-formed, or in any way unaeaworthy. No, no; this ia not too strong, mates; it doesn't tell half; I'm no fist at fine writing; I speak what I think, and what you'd think, had you sat in that cuddy, looked at the women there, at the groups showing in the light through the windows, heard the wash of waters, known the blackness that hung like a shroud outside, realised the frightful immensity of the ebony ocean in which we then were, and reflected that yonr own and the lives of the five-score souls who were in that ship hung not upon a few three or four inch planks, but upon the honesty with which they had been fitted. In twos and threes the other passengers now came below, the last to arrive being Captain Jackson and his wife. The rime passing, and nothing worse seeming to come to the ship than the blow that had hove her over, put a little spirit into most of us. The most dejected ana downcast of us all was Mr. Thompson Tucker, who sat silent and miserably white, starting convulsively as if to rush on deck whenever the vessel rolled more heavily than usual, and constantly gazing around him with wild and terrified eyes. I recalled the remark about him 1 had made when he joked over the dead seaman in the life- buoy, and thought to myself that for once in my life anyhow, I had shown my self a prophet "They seem to have brought the ship to her course again, Captain Jackson," said L "Theyhave," he answered. "It's not what I should recommend. I should heave her to on the starboard tack, and smother the hole in her bow by thrumming a sail, and securing it round the cntwater and under the keel If yon can't stop a leak by fothering, you can ease the pressure of water upon the hole." "Depend upon it Captain Thompson knows what he's about, sit," said Mr. Grithths, petulantly. ! "Knows what he's 'about!" shouted the navy man. " Would this collision have happened had he bad his aide-lights over? It's all very well tor his officers to defend him, but who the devil, I want to know, is going to make good the loss of my baggage and my wife's, if we take to the boats? " Oh, let us have no quarrelling at this dreadful time! " groaned Aunt Damaris. " You'll not be the only loser, Captain Jackson," said Mr. Joyce, j "Supposing there is any loss at all," I added. " If only our lives are spared—if only these little ones arc preserved, the Bea may take all else," cried Mrs. Joyfce, .convulsively hugging her little girL "Nurse, whyoo not put little Tommy to bed ? he is so eeepy!" here piped out the mite in the nurse's arms, meaning by little Tommy, himself. " Mamma, Tommy cannot seep in nurse's arms." This set my darling crying, and well it might; for, on my word, nothing makes a shipwreck sadder than children. They are ignorant of what is going on; they will play or prattle or lie si umbering peacefully down to the last moment ;,and to look from them to the fearfnl reality'is to behold a contrast that might well break the heart Meanwhile, by order of the captain, of course, the stewards lad returned to the cuddy, and had gone to wofk to clear the deck of the dioner-litter; and to place spirits and wine and biscuits as nsual upon the table. It was now nine o'clock by my watch. Nothing more had been .said to me by Aunt Damaris abont my being Jack Seymour; indeed, for a long while; she had eat by my aide without uttering a syllable, except when she had called to Captain Jackson not to quarrel. My left arm circled Florence, who leaned against me, and,again and again I would say something encouraging to her, telling her to take notice how easy the motion of the ship was, how the pumps remained idle, a sure sign that the water was confined forward, and so on. Every word thus spoken she would ana wer with a loving smile orglance, or with a caress of herchgekupon my shoulder. We were lovers without fear that dismal night There was no more acting, no more taking care because others Were looking on. We snowed ourselves wedded in heart, as the others showed themselves who were wedded indeed; and never a word did Aunt Damaris say, who had the full truth of it now; she let her niece cling to me as if it were right she should do so, whilBt she herself stuck like a barnacle to my side, as 'if, even in a short hour, ail the prejudices against that vnlger young sailor chap/Jack Seymour, with which she had been primed by Alphonso, had been swept away forward into the fore compart ment and dissolved in the water there. Seeing the grow on the table, I mixed a small quantity of brandy and watenand in sisted upon Aunt Damaris and Florence drinking. .1 then called to Thompson Tucker to wake tip and be a man, and attend to poor Mm. O'Brien, and I also induced Mrs. ana'Miss Grant to drink, bnt the others 1 left to their husbands. Itook care to swallow a nip myself saying as I held up the glass, " Here, ladies aim gentlemen, I drink to the good ship Strathmore. She has carried us safely through two oceans and a half; she has the scent of the Australian shores in her nose, she knows the road, and under God who watches over brave English seamen— and here are hearts of oak in this vessel, Captain Jackson, though she mounts no guns —she'll not betray us r " Hurrah F cried Mr:Griffiths; "Hurrah f" cried Mr. Joyce: and little Tommy in the nurse's arms cried " Hoowah!" You aaw the poor people under Mm break of the poop crowding ana elbowing round the'windows to have a look at us when they fcfeard this cheering. Mora get was wanted, eo still standing at toeitable and flourishing the glass I had emptied as a band oondoctor would a baton, I i piped up at the top of my voice— " Cheer, hoys, cheer! no more of Idle sorrow, Oomwvbin bouts) (hsU beer us on our way 1 Hops potato Mas and shows the bright to-mor row—" J the best sons, [by George, I could have pitched upon forsuch a time; and hang me. boys, if, with the exception of Mrs. Grant and Aunt Damaris, they didn't all come into the chorus; I wouldn't let them off; one after another I looked them in, singing mean while with all m» lungs, until the cuddy rang again with toe neartylnspiriting words and tune. Ay, shipwreck is toe time to test the value of Bong-vriting. Think of a senti mental ditty at]such a moment I It would be worse than tgreen sea washing fore and aft The man [that can give people a song that'll put heart and life into them in spite of death grinning at them down through toe ekylight, is the; lad for me, and were the whole ocean mule of rum there wonldn t be too much of ItTfor sailors to drink such a man's health ink " Oh, Mr. Egtrton, you're toe boy to do us good," exclaimed poor Mrs. O firien, still cal Bng me Egerfcoo. . . Fnow said I ?rouldetep on deck for a few SUrates to havf A looh at the weather and get ie latest newsj _ . "Don't be long 1" cried Aunt Damaris. "I shall followpM u youow." ... I promised toretom apeeddyi and bring the caDtaiuwith uje too, a he could leave the deck, and with a smile from my darling, 1 j a mped on to the companion ladder andguined the poop. It took me some moments to find my Bight, for the night lay still a very dark shadow, though not so dark as it was an hour before. I stood a bit groping with my eyes, and by and by got the outline of the rail, the mizzen raast along with the loom of the yards, then the binnacle haze with the helmsman behind it like a blot of ink in the darkness over the taffraiJ. There was a very fine rain in the wind, more like mist than rain. Not being able to see forwards where the wreckage was, the ship Beemed as usual. The phosphorus gleamed in the bows of the curling seas, and the cold breeze swept up shrill into the black canvas. But one thing 1 seemed to find that the ship was down oy the head, so deep there indeed, that every fail of her bows raised her stem high, and made the glooming deep forward look to Blant up as tall as the fore yardnrms. This was to be expected.; bnt you wanted to be on deck to realise to the full your knowledge of a huge rent in the ship's bow. Why, it made me shiver as I stood storing forwards when the head swell lifted her, for then it came into one with a flash, that the weight of the water in the compartment was at such a moment full on the bulkhead, and that.if it went, the ship would vanish in a few minutes. I spied two figures at the foremost end of "the poop, and walked to them. " Is that you, Jack?" said Daniel " Yes." " It was you that set them off singing, eh ? I looked through the Bkyliglit when 1 heard the hullabaloo, and watched you beating the time into 'em with a tumbler. It's the help I want It's like your old self." "What's been done, Daniel, may I ask? Have you managed to solder the old hooker's wound in any fashion f " All that can be done has been done," he answered. " We have got a sail over the bows, end the pressure of the driving stem should keep it over the hole, and it may re lieve the bulkhead somewhat A hole do I call it? Why, the carpenter reports half the starboard bow smashed in, cathead and star" board forechannel gone, fore topmast gone at the cap, jibbooms gone, and that's only the beginning. "The steamer's bows have cut clean through into the topgallant forecastle. If d&ylight; ever shines upon us, you'll see nothing but a wreck forward." " The bulkhead's our bows: we're driving through it with nothing elBe,' said Daniel's companion, who proved to be Mr. Thorn ton. " Are you wise in driving F* I asked. " What's the difference, whether we drive or heave to, man? The water'll come in any way. Driving at least keeps the soil over the bow." " If the bulkhead goes, then," said I, " we go with it—without time enough to say onr prayers!" " Ob, if it carries away, it'll have to carry away aft," replied the chief mate; "and it can't do that bodily, I fancy, for the cargo's chock up against it. The plank may start under the pressure, or the caulking fail, and let the water in faster than we can pump it out; and to jettiBon the cargo there to come at that leakage would imperil the whole bulk head. But. the water's not likely to come in in such a hurry as to drown us out of hand. At least I hope not** For a man to hope that a dreadful thing will not happen does not encourage one mnch. Can I say a word to you, Thomson?" I ex claimed. He drew away from the mate. " Daniel" said I, " I don't i —wj ..—^ .. * uvu t think we must put any faith in that bulkhead." "No," he replied, "we must not trust it, " If it'll though whilst it holds it's good. _ stand till daylight, without driving us to the pomps, I shall be satisfied." "Daniel, I wish to ask you as an old friend and shipmate, should it come to our taking the boats, to allow me and my sweet heart and her aunt to be together." "I see no difficulty," he replied. "You can have charge of one of the boats and welcome. You shall know which when the time comes. Thornton and I must talk over that business of leaving the ship If the ladies are willing to accompany you, they're welcome enough. But, Jack, this is a fearful blow,—a fearful blow for me, my lad." I grasped his hand. "Of course it is, Darnel A worse could hardly befall a ship master. But you have met it as a man, yon are carrying it through as a man, and if God spares our lives you'll have a hundred witnesses at your back to prove how the thing happened. . Professionally it will leave yon unharmed, and in what other way can it injure you?" " Heaven grant we all come safe ont of it," he exclaimed with a slight falter in his voice. " Have yon anything more to say to me, Jack?" "According to our reckoning today, St. Paul's Island Iwill be about a hundred odd miles away out to windward ponder." " Yes, yes, I know what's in your mind," he answered; " we have discussed (hat question and settled it I'd rather take my; chance of that bulkhead, and the pumps with' such gangs as we can put to them, thanratch to that island with the likelihood of the ship I going to pieces before we can land the few stores which remain. Byholdingonwe may toll in with a vessel to keep us company, ana pull through the accursed job after all But to fetch that island would be to cast the ship away. There's damage yonder that's not to be repaired out of dry dock; and you've got to realise what. one hundred of us, men, women, and'children thrown upon that rock, would signify, lingering there may be for weeks, ultimately to rot away. No, no 1 let us puBb on—let us shovegon.' Well, in the marine calling there is more difference of opinion than in any other. Had : I charge of that ship, with her Btarboaid' bow torn out and nothing to trust to but a' bulkhead, 1 should have tried for 8k Paul's anyway, seeing it was the only spot of land amidthous&nas; of miles of water, and having landed the passengers and what stores 1. could have saved, have trusted to Providence —for much must be left to God in all things —to bring us help. Bnt 1 was not captain, and that mades a difference; I cond not chink as captain. Daniel's heart was in his ship and cargo; he would wishto save her at wl hazards: and forlorn as his hope was. he himself implied, still he would ding to even the ghost of a chance, "knowing well what the salving of the vessel and her freight would mean to him who had nofi astate but e . pri vate firm of m<m«-malter8 to ierve.; : He left me with a kind of Impatience to rejoin Mr. Thornton, as If he was afraid I should begin to argue with him. I was now so used to the darkness that 1 could see with tolerable distinctness. The maintack had been boarded and the maintopgallant sail set I went to the weather rail to see oast the mainsail and oould lust make out the foremast with the foresail pulling at it It looked a big mutilated shadow. There being no more head sail aooountod for themissen topsail being furled, and I wondered that even with the mainsail she should "Steei easily ; but apparently, as the wind then was, the canvas upon her left her well undei command of the helm. Thete were men at work in the gloom forward; you heard their voices but could not distinguish them. Lights gleamed on the main and quarter decks, and looking over' the rail, I spied groups of 'tweeri-aeek and steerage pas Bengers below restlessly flitting to and fro, or cowering in datk blotches under the bul warks and near tbe cuddy front. The hoarse murmur of their voices rose along with the crying of babies and little children. But the panic among them appeared to have passed, and1 it was likely enough that the poor ignorant creatures were begin ning to believe that the danger was over, though they would not trust them selves below yet Cold enough it must have been"for the women and children. .Terror makes people cold, and when the wind Is raw too. then you get the most grievous ele ment of shipwreck—a degree of physical suf fering which if protracted makes drowning welcome, The blackness on the sea was rendered startling by the sparkle of the green fires in it and by the ghastly coming and fading of froth. " The breeze was fresh, but the ship sailed sluggishly, with a new note in the surges whicn she threw from her, and a sickening dip of the head in every plunge that gave yon the idea of her being giddy, and reeling in a fainting manner as she rolled along over the ebony folds which came swelling up against her lee how. The sky looked to be a slow procession of ponderous shadows, thinning here find there, then thickening up again; so that sotoetimes you could see the m&intopgall;&nt; sail floating and swaying black in the airier gloom, then melt ing out as the darkness' drove Over with a fiercer sweep of tbe mist-like rain in it. " Thompson," said 1, approaching him, " I promised to bring yon with me to the cuddy when 1 returned. Nobody can hearten pas sengers like the skipper." " Oh, I'll go to them." said he; " though God knows I have little enough to tell them." We walked to the companion in silence. Ere slewing round to drop below I took notice of the naked mizzenmast, the dim blotch of the man at the wheel behind the binnacle, the liquid ebony of the sea making one with the black heavens, the wailing of tbe wind aloft, the rushing and seething sound _ of foam, and above all tbe sluggish sickening stoop of the stern when the swell drove under the fore-foot and lifted the horrible dead-weight of water that filled the fore com partment. Only a sailor perhaps would have felt this; but never to me was anything plainer in all my life. There was a passionate expectation in the looks of many of the passengers as Daniel entered the cnddy, followed by me. They were ail seated just as I bad left them, and I at once'resumed my place betwixt Florence and her aunt " What is the news, Mr. Seymour f in stantly exclaimed the old lady, giving me my name very easily. " Why, that we are still heading for Aus tralia, and that the ship's hold is free of water," I replied. Are we8till in any great danger ?' asked my darling, as if she wished to think, dear heart that our peril was not so formidable as " Be easy, sweet pet," I whispered. " We are in danger ; but it is not of a kind that need frighten us." Meanwhile, Thompson was mixing him self a sup of brandy and water at the table. The old- familiar crimson of his face had faded away into a pale dingy red; care and grief were expressed in every line of his hearty countenance; nevertheless, he bad forced a cheerful look as he entered the cuddy, and preserved it as he stood bare headed near a swinging lamp. the light of which glittered in the wetfpon his cloth coat ' . "Can ye give us any hope of reaching Australia in this ship, capt'n 7" asked Mrs. O'Brien. ' . . " I'll make her do her besKto carry you there," he answered, smiling; " it she folia it will not be my fault" "It Bhe foils, what shall we do!" cried Mr. Thompson Tucker, breaking a long silence, and speaking in an extraordinarily hollow note. " Why, sir," replied Daniel, we have six good boats; one of them, the long- boat, is pretty near as big as the ship that Chris topher Columbus discovered America In; two of the others are lifeboats, the gig's a clipper, and the others fit to sail round the world in." "Oh, but the idea of long exposure w an open boat at sea is dreadful r cried Mrs. Marmaduke Mortimer. "Ever since I-was a child I have always thought that the most frightful part of shipwreck." Her husband wrapped nifl arm around her. "It's not so bad as drowning, ma'am, said Daniel. " But then the boats are our ^ last resource. We're not driven to them j/et." And giving her a smile, he swigged off the contents of his tumbler. " How many souls are there altogether, to this ship T" inquired Captain Jackson, asking . the question with his arms tightly folded, his head down, and his eyes peering np under his brows. . "Ninety-five, air; ship's company forty, fifteen in the steerage, twenty-three m the 'tweendeckB, and seventeen of you ladies and gentlemen—ninety-five."„ • " How many will your long-boat hold" "Oh, if it comes to tbe boats," replied Daniel, speaking with the utmost coolness, though there was a deal of offensive im seriousness in the navy man's manner, • the disposition of the people will be twenty-six in the long- boat, fifteen in every quarter-boat, and nine in the gig." " I hope in the name of God," exclaimed C&ptain; Jackson* no blunders ot omissions will be found out when Irs toe late. I speak with submission, but I know What the merchant service is ; tackles Won t travel; rowlocks and oars ore nwwdng ; plugs are left out; there, are masts and -hp agHs tc be found; rudders without yokes or tillers. It is a question of life or death, Sad I hats a right in the hatheof my ftftow*aM«ngqw to demand, as one who Baa need the sea sad knows the -life, that the, precious time yon, Sir, and your mates now possess, will be de voted to Seeing everything ready for an surer ^"^Cverything it ready," replied Daniel, dye ing hint coldly. " You say you know the merchant servioe. tmt yon don t seem to bs acquainted with its etiquette. I wili thank you not to teach me my duty. " if yon are speaking in thetiame of your fellow-pawfengfere to CaptelnThompson/' ex claimedAtttotDamans,.as viciously as ever she had epokep &t; any time during the voy Se,"Xbeg that yon will omit me as one of ose for whom you constitute yopreelt 8P"1Ladies aret^ranl^tbe dangers of the sea," cried Captain Jackson. ' 1 R n? j ^ as a married man with my wife in mis snip, to urge upon Captain Thompson _the neces sity of amply providing for our "fw "'lam quite ready to listen to «myp«> nosalsyoumay have to forour safety, said Daniel. WiU you ten me what you would do if you had charger The navy man didnot answer. „ . A* that moment Mr. Thornton cailedtoihs skipper from the head of the companion Btepa. Daniel, giving the ladies a little bow, went quietly on deck. I listened, not liking that sudden summons: but the call was so quiet and Daniel's departure so tranquil that the others appeared to find nothing alarming in it „ " You have been a sailor, Mr. Seymour, said Aunt Damaris, in a low voice to me, "and can answer my question: Is Captain Thompson doing all that he Bhould to save the ship?" "A11" . , , , • , • i " Is there nothing omitted by lum which he ought to do ?" . " Nothing that I can imagine, I replied ; for there was no good telling her that in my opinion he ought to try and make St Paul's. . She now fell to catechising me : asked me how long I was at Bea, what made me quit the life, what my experiences were aB a sailor. Suddenly, whilst in the midst of answering (he last question, I stopped dead, hearing the ringing clank of the pumps on the maindeck. At any other time that sound would have passed unnoticed; but note the first note or it seemed to roll through the cuddy like a bitter blast, striking a deadly chill into every; heart . „ . • t i I " Hark !" shouted Captain Jackson, sitting bolt upright, and lifting his hand; "they have manned the pumps !" . " What does it mean ? Bhneked Mrs. Marmaduke Mortimer. " God Almighty, we're sinking !' howled j Mr. Thompson Tucker, and, springing to his feet, he bolted like a madman to the com panion ladder. In a breath, his behaviour created a panic. Seizing his wife's hand, I Captain Jackson rushed on deck with her, j and he was followed pell mell by Mrs. O'Brien, < the Joyces, the Mortimers, and Mrs. and Miss Grant. Florence's hand was on my arm and her eyes riveted on my face. Her aunt had jumped up, but I grasped her dress and de tained her. " For mercy's sake be calm, Miss Hawke," I 6houted ; " why, if it weren't for distrac tion of this kind shipwreck would seldom be the horrible thing it's made. Those pumps are manned because they have found out that water is running into the hold ; but you may be sure that it runs slowly, or Captain Thompson would give orders to have the boats lowered. There is nothing to terrify one in a leaky ship, so long as the pumps act and there are people enough to keep them going. Sailors nave declared to me that for years at a stretch they have sailed in nothing but leaky vessels. Until the bulkhead gives way—and the chief mate says it can't do that —I shall consider the Strathmoresafe." The poor old lady, trembling all over and directing glances full of fright, now at the companion steps, now at the skylight, now at the windows in the cuddy front, resumed her place, murmuring, " I am sure you would not deceive me, Mr. Seymour, for Florence's sake." " Nor your own," I replied. "I have the captain's permission to take you both under my special charge. It's not a moment for boasting, but he knows that I'm not ignorant of the sea, and he would not concede to me Buch a trust as you two if he was not well assured of my judgment" " Oh, Mr. Seymour, I am quite satisfied to be in your charge—I am sure you are a clever sailor." exclaimed the old lady, passing her aim through mine and hauling herself hard and tight against me. " Hear that, Florence darling! Miss Hawke, listen," I cried, as the seamen who were working the pumps broke into a chorus that came rattling into the cuddy with a hurricane note. " Drowning men don't sing. It was indeed inspiriting to hear their voices. " Oh, Jack," said my pet, taking my hand, " I am sore no harm can befall us withyouat our Bide." " I am so sorry," exclaimed Aunt Damaris, holding on tight to my arm on the other side, " that! did not know who you were until this evening. How could your papa, Florence, talk to me about Mr. Seymour as be did? How easily he is to be deceived 1 Thank heaven you are with us, Mr; Seymour. Oh, it we are spared to reach Australia, I shall have a long story te tell my stubborn, prejudiced brother." Just then the chief mate came into the cuddy. As he approached the table to mix himself a glass of grog, he said, " Youare wise to keep nnder shelter, ladies. Was it the sound of the pumps that sent the others flying? They've been heard often enough during the voyage." " lint water mast he coming into the ship, sir, or the crew would not be pumping" cried Aunt Damaris. " Why, yes, water is coming into the ship, certainly," answered the mate, holding np the glass to the light to measure the quantity of brandy he ponred into it; " but it's being chucked out at the same time, d'ye see, Miss Hawke, and so it don't matter." "Wheredo you reckon it's coming from, Mr. Thornton ?" 1 asked. " Why through the bnlkhead, I hope. Better there than anywhere else, Mr. Egerton. Don't want to think anything's been started abaft, you know. lftheBhip's sound from where the bulkhead begins to the sternpost, and the bulkhead don t cave in—and how's it going to do that with fourteen hundred touB of cargo abaft to shore it np ?—why, the eht pumps may be able to keep it watertight* bo : far as we are concerned, until we reach Sydney." There was a tell-tale compass fixed to a Deatn just over the skipper s chair at the table; the mate stood near it as heconversed, and my eye going from his face to it* I' noticed something that caused me to disen gage myself from Aunt Damaris's arm and get up. Aglance at that compass sufficed; the course had been altered to east-south-east, and the ship was lying as close to the wind as she would sail. The meaning of this was that Daniel was making for St Paul's Island. I returned to the sofa, the mate looking at me hard. "1 hope," aaid Aunt Damaris, ad dressing lum, "that you will not trouble yourself to deceive us." "Certainly not," he answered, quickly. "At all events this gentleman," she con tinued* meaning me, " 1b riot to be deceived; His name Is not Egerton, butSeymonr; "he is an old sailor and knows exactly how we are situated and what kind of danger we are in." X laughed and said, "My old shipmate, the faptain, will tell you my story, Mr. Thornton. My name is Seymour, and I had somayears of eervioe in this employ." And pretending to have something to say to him about myl which I did not want the old lady to hear,I approached him and whispered, "I see the course'has been' altered. Does the captain —~l-to tar for St. Paul's? " j^ieafage heavy?" Ihe wuTbaye been strained by the blow £be is like a sieve to star Hhte vitb the cathead to ins, The utmost we can Mpher afloat tilldayli^t (new* to youmeii lithe passengers get panic-stricken it may spread to the crew." He emptied his glass and re-: turned on deck. , . 1 "What was he saying, Mr. Seymour!" cried Aunt Damaris. * " Why," I replied, "you see it was neces-, sary that I should round ofl' what yon told him about me. But there is a freemasonry among sailors, and we understand each other now." I looked at Florence as I Baid this ; but the answer, clearly, did not satisfy her. There was intense wistfulness in her beautiful eyes, and her face had a marble-like gleam in the lamplight Yet she said nothing ; merely slipped her hand into mine as I sat down between her and her aunt and for awhile we remaiued silent, listening to the clanking and pulsing of the pumps on the maindeck, the yearning moon of water washing and gurgling along tne lee bends, and the creaking of bulkheads as the vessel rolled on the swell which the Bhift of the helm had brought nearly abeam, and pitched over the surges which were now striking full against the mutilated starboard bow. 