THE FARMERS' ASSOCIATION IN PARLIAMENT. Scribbler in " Echoes from tho Smoking Room" says in Monday's Register : — Mr Miller spoke well, and Stanley should be envied his championship. A shrewd, clear headed man, with a clear ringing voice, terse sayings wrapped neatly into the most ser viceable bundles, and great power of self- control, He has just the slightest suspicion of bumptiousness, pardonable, perhaps, when one remembers the way in which Northern members have beeu courted of late for obvious reasons, and the fact that a man who really understands the position of the farmers and the state of the land, and who can tell the House all about it in good ner vous English, helping along sterling common sense, is a member who is worth something. It is much pleasanter to use oil than vinegar, and I wish ' there were more deserving the emollient rather than requiring the unpleas ant acid. True, Mr Miller quoted poetry once this session, hut that may be overlooked just now. H» was not awaie that he was doing wrong, and an old member — no less than the accomplished Mr Newland — set him a bad example. One must not be harsh for a first offence ! Mr Copley, who took his friend's place as President of the Farmers' Association, has been guilty of the same crime, but a nolle prosequi must bo- entered in his case too. He is not so attractive a speaker as the other. He is too nervous. He tries for effect, and that cramps him. He does not corrugate his sentences enough. The sea of his feeling never has a swell on. He would probably read tho 14th chapter of Job and Mark Twain's story of Gambetta's duel with exactly the same inflection, and at uniform speed. He has only to conquer this, aud he too will be a capital member, because he is strong in common sense and weak in affectation. He will find the value of these when he sits in the cosy Crown Lands Office, whither he tendeth, but which he will not reach in tbe ordinary run until after Mr Miller has ensconced himself within the comfortable spring- backed arm chair from which Mr Catt haB smiled upon so many deputations. Mr Caldwell, it seems to me, is too amiable and good-natured ever to shine in controversy. He is a very clear pleasant speaker, and he has some broadish ideas, a few of which have not, however, been wholly unused before. It is a moot question whether tho preliminary — " Sir and gentle men, I beg to second the motion so ably pro posed by my friend, So-and-So " — recalling as it does tea- meeting reminiscenses, very plea sant in their way — is the best start to a speech ; but habit does grow strongly upon one somehow, and I suppose if I were to be translated to the happy hunting grounds to night I would neglect the gun and the chase, and call for a bad pen, a cloudy blotting-pad, and telegraph forms, and proceed to wire you for next morning's paper a four- column des cription of my new and interesting quarters. Only if I were the better member for Yorke's Peninsula 1 would not try to be too pacific. The honourable gentleman will find out be fore long that a politician to be successful needs reverse the old mandate. He deems it necessary to be blind to the merits and ex ceedingly- open-oyed to the faults of an oppo nent, even to the severing of close friend ship. Some men climb to the higher posts upon the ruins of their better feelings, and the more shame to them. But there is a middle ground which the best man may traverse, and not get even bo much as the soles of his boots soiled. Turkish Bath for Horses. — The T urkish bath has become an established institution in England. Men of all classes now use it for sanitary as well as remedial purposes. Athletes of various descriptions find it in valuable in "training," and all the distin guished jockeys and light-weighes keep them selves in condition by its use. The well- known Fred Archer has a private bath at his residence at Newmarket. It is natural to conclude that what is good for the man should also be good for the horse, aud that has boen proved. Messrs Pickford, the eminent carriers, in their hospital for horses at Finch- ley, have had a bath in operation over eleven years, and find great benefit to the horses from its use. The bath is put in use three days a week,- and is administered to over twenty horses in this time. The value of the bath having been thus proved, .it i3 rather strange that it has not been more gen erally adopted by tho large carrying firms. However, the Great Northern Railway Co., at the New Hospital for Horses at Todderidge, are erecting a complete Turkish, bath. It consists of three rooms : — First, a largo wash-room or grooming-room, from which is entered the first hot-room or topidarium, from 140 dog. to 150 deg. Fall. I rom this room the horse, after being thoroughly acclimatised, can, if necessary pass on to the hottest room or calidarium, from 160 deg. to 170 deg. Fall., and without any turning round can pass on into the grooming-room and washing-room again. The last room is slightly heated from the two other rooms, and in each are stocks in which the animal can be fastened if required. The heating is done most economically by Gonstantine's Convoluted Stove, and thorough ventilation is secured from the large volume of hot air constantly supplied, which passes through the bath, aud, as it becomes vitiated, is drawn off by specials-designed outlets. The wash-room is supplied with hot and cold water, which can, of course, be mixed to any required temperature. The Billings Herald says : — - A resident of a mountain town was out hunting recently, and as a storm came up he crept into a hollow log for shelter. After the storm abated he endeavored to creep out, but found that the log had swelled so that it was im possible to make his exit. He endeavored to compress himself as much as possible, but with indifferent success. He thought of all the mean things lie had done, until finally his mind reverted to the fact that, instead of subscribing for his local paper, he was in the habit of borrowing it from his neighbor, and thus defrauding the poor printer. On this he says, he felt so small that he slipped out of the log without an effort. Moral — Don't sponge on your local papers, but subscribe like a man.' At Miamisburg, Ohio, thousands of people surround tbe graveyard every night to witness tbe antics of an alleged ghost. The mayor, marshal, revenue collector, and hundreds of prominent people testify to having seen it. Several hundred people, armed with clubs and guns assaulted the spectre, which appeared to be a woman in white. Clubs, bullets, and shots tore the air in which the misty figure floated with out disconcerting it in tbe least. The peopie of the town turned out, and began exhuming all tbe bodies in the cemetery to get at it. Three have already been ex hunted. 