BEOADBEIM'S NEW YOEK LETTER. I have told you often that New York mast have a hobby. It makes very little difference who it is, or what it is, if it only answers For the time. It may be Patti, Nillson, Cam panini or Gester, Montague, Bigiiold, Irving, Miss Terry or Mrs Langtry—New York must have something on. which to create'a sensation. It may be Barnum'e Jumbo or the sacred White Elephant, an English Lord or the King of the Cannibal. Islands—a hobby we must have. Just now it is the Georgia Cracker, Miss Lulu Hurst. Young, not ill looking, ex ceedingly healthy, highly magnetic, and uBing the Queen's English after a.fashion more as tonishing than euphonious to ears polite. But whether her Lindiey Murray is O.K. or not, is a matter of no consequence. She is now the great attraction at the most fashionable theatre in the city, and walls that have echoed with the dulcet tones of the Jersey Lily, and the boards that have been trodden by the. {handsome and tony Lester Wallack, are now given over to a wandering stranger who knocks umbrellas into smithereens with the touch of her' thumbs; snaps a hickory walking stick as i£ it was a parlor match; waltzes into prize fighters and athletes as if they were manikins or dolls stuffed with saw dust, and doing all sorts of extraoidinary things which one would 6carcly expeot in a young girl of eighteen. Miss Lulu Hurst is our present hobby. H you ineet a friend on the, street and remark, " It's a very fine day," he will answer, " Yes. very fine—have you seen the Magnetic Girl" ? You question a broker about the rise ih oil ; he will answer, " bound to go up—by the by, have you been to Wallack's ? " Ask a lady friend her opinion of Seecher's last sermon, ; . she will answer, " Splendid ; Have you seen Miss Hurst?" She starts in well financially. She has taken more money in New York in a week than she ever saw in Georgia in the eigh teen years of her life. Muscle is now in the ascendant. I did think that his reign was over when the great slugger Sullivan knocked himself out with a bottle of whisky, but the extraordinary feats of this Georgia girl have created almost as. much of a.Bensation as Sullivan himself, and the only reason"that she does not draw as much money as Sullivan is, that she has not been advertised to kill any one. If Miss Lulu will only advertise to break a Dude's neck with a billard cue, or transfix one of her audiences i on an umbrella, I will guarantee her enough of j money to bpy a cotton plantation in Georgia, ! where she can amuse herself by doubling up her neighbors for the rest of her days. Still three or four hundred dollars a night is not *bad "for -an ignorant country girl these hard times. We also have another sensation, and one which demonstrates the power of modern science. An alchemist has discovered bow to vitalize the garbage of this great city, and out of the wretched refuse that it annually costs us a quarter of a million of dollars to destroy, he proposes to make illuminating gas which will cost about a dollar a thousand feet. Our prayers are with the inventor. We nmlrA ; light of our garbage for the future. According to this benefactor of the human race every poor family throws away enough material , in twenty-four hours to light a house for a I week. Oar sister eity Brooklyn has broken out j with a new plague. This time it is an elope ment. She has had alarming symptoms before, but it has now become an epidemic. Four husbands mourn their absent spoused, the complaint in every case being, " Gene off with a handsomer man." If they were j Americans we wonld think nothing of it, but I grieve to say that the largest matrimonial | defalcation haB been among our foreign popu lation—Germans, Swedes, Danes, and Finns. One unfortunate case was a little Dane, who stood about four feet in his stockings, whose stately partner towered above him one foot i four inches. The wife was exceedingly good looking, and the husband, in addition to his four feet of humanity, could not be called handsome j and while a man four foot high might be considered for a poor girl quite a good catch in Denmark, in the United States he soon began to find that he did not amount to much when compared with other men. Mrs. Jenson being yeung and pretty soon found admirers, and after hanging on the fence for some time started off for parte un known, leaving four ieet of disconsolate humanity behind her. The next case was quite similar, with the exception that the lady depleted, her husband's bank account to the extent of $500. She cabbaged all the; tables and chairs in her husband's absence—her larceny even extending to a pair of boots, his Sunday hat and suit, two pet canary birds and a cat. The lonely husband says he will not run after her, but he wishes that other fellow would bring back his clothes and boots. I see that £mil Giro has got into trouble, and I sincerely hope that they may be able to keep him in jail to the day of his death. This is the miserable rascal who appeared in the Christancy case as a witness against Mrs. Christancy, and broke the poor creature's heart. He testified at the trial that he stayed at an hotel with her, and it was the opinion of many who watched the case that the vagabond ought to have been kicked out of the witness box. I have no word to say about the morality of the rase, but I have my opinion of the wretch who, after, leading a woman astray as he professed to have done, could then step into the witness box and betray her. Even if the facts were as he stated, he should have suffered crucifixion before he appeared on that stand against her. If convicted of her grave offence, he should have died rather than have been the instrument of her conviction. There may be greater crimes on the calendar, but there is not one meaner or more contemptible than that of whioh this miserable hound has been guilty. He defrauded a weak woman who was looking for a husband out oif $10,000, as she alleges, under promise of marriage, and when he got the woman's cash he refused to fulfil the oontraot. I have not got any sympathy for an old fool at sixty years of age who can be caught by a matrimonial advertisement. It would be a very foolish thing for a girl of fourteen, but for a frowsy old widow of sixty, she deserves to be ducked in a horse pond. The whole affair was most ridiculously abBurd from first to last. The fellow who inserted the advertisement de manded a photograph, and the old lady Bent him one taken thirty-two years before. The picture made his heart thump like a steam engine. He asked to see the original. The original came down to New York to exhibit, and the sight of bis newly found love nearly threw him into galloping consumption. How ever he got $10,000 of the widow's mon°y, and now she has him in Ludlow-street jail, and I hope she may keep him there till she gets her cash back. It requires no ghost to come from the grave to assure as of a lively campaign. Since the Democratic .nominations have, been oompleted the city seems to be alive with Cleveland Legions and Plumed Knights. I think you will see some startling regalia before the elec tion is over. At the rooms of the Bepublican National Committee they have a Plumed Knight in glistening armour, and if this style of uniform should be adopted by the campaign clubs the exhibition would beamost imposing spectacle. The Republicans have fairly opened' the campaign, and the Democrats are prepar ing to give Cleveland a rouser. This week will mark the closing chapter of the last Arctic sacrifice. It seems o nly a short time since we turned out to bid Greely a God-speed as he sailed away to the frozen north in search of those who were lost. Then came long months of the keenest agony, when we began to realize that those who went forth as Baviours had themselveB perished amid the icebergs and the snow. The nation's heart was stirred to its innermost depths, and a re lief party .was sent out to look for the lost ones. The rescuing party lost their ships and came near perishing themselves. As it was, one brave sailor drifted out to sea and was never heard of after. In a few days we shall welcome the survivors of the Greely party, and a long mourning procession, with solemn music and muffled drums and flags draped in mourning, will be our tribute of respect to the men who perished. And there let it end. No more martyrs, no more taleB of heroic suffer ing, no more widows and orphans of arctic explorers to sadden our hearts with their cries and tears. As far as tlie United States is concerned let this be the closing chapter. The weather is remarkably cool for July, so cool that it has almost ruined the hotels by the seaside. 