tfloveliit LIHDICO, THE WHITE WOMAN; ob the highland gibi/s gap tivitv among acbtbalian ?bucks. ???'».. -- A Stoat or mm Acbxuui* FioiraBM. By ANGUS McLEAN. AOTHOn Of BifiBT VUXfiaBU}. OHAPrEB XVIU. OtUStSO THE DDSniUIIOBBS. Obuii.ii Stout took up a largo block of fine land, which be stocked and Iormed into, a station, alter which ho went back to Bydney aooompanied by Donald, in the «xp«rtstlon of meeting with Bella, whom Mr. McKay In* formed him by letter .trat on hsr.way oat and was daily expected. Oa bb arrival he wm greatly disappointed and alarmed, the Te««r«ot having, arrived, although consider abbr overdue. , ... to ft* interval. Donald mi Mar/ ware -parried, and as OharUe ofmld not wait any JtW'-fci?' wmpelUa^p return to hb uncle too-»ll.the-Ume upon hi* ownahonl an, which preyed npooAii mini, and alti inately brought him to bb grave. ? - ' ,? ? Mary (now Mn. Mnnro) shared in the nni tanal gpel at foe lost of her young mbtrem, and named her first born aftor her. On one of his trips to Sydney, Ohailie tot name aaauainted with a very respectable and worthy famUy, named -Forbes, the head of whioh was a brother to thsAdvoeate of Edln bnrgb, and one oi the earliest and .wealthbrt ?qnattMB In the colony. The eldest orihe family, a young la.cly possessing many atttW' tlow, was engaged to a gentleman by the. nwnepf Melville; who had TaUIy arrived; he was possessea of considerable wealth, two was seotohing for (iatloM, and on fata return the' marriage' was 'to be celebrated. . ' This Mr. MelviUe (whom Charlie had not1 as yet seen) was also an aeqnaintanQe of the Sorbet' in Edinburgh', bafChatUe ooqld not woolleet that name among the vialtois it the Adybtete's h6u»e, he iherWoM iuppOsed ths,t the .aeqnaintanoeship was formeif after he, left. ?? . ' ' ? '? '? ? ' ' '?? About ihifl time some ot theinlanldUWctJ were, inteated vrttb a: band of bnshwrjHe^i under the leadership of a fearful deaperavo, knbwn'as Captain Melrose, whose 'depr*5a'r tiohs oatrivalled those of any gang lh tW annals o! ftolontd history. 'Not 'ff**ek, 'W hardly a day, passed wIQiont bringing some freBh intelUgenoe' ot oatragtB committed by them. ....?'; ?A large reward was offered bygorernment for their anprehenibn, bnt without .efleet^nd the audacity ana obslneM yiith' which their leader carried on hb praotioes Completely . eolipsed all previonsaoteot busJirabHos. ? ' Naturally 'bt a captivating* 'manner, and j-aa»6Bai3 'of Jjreat personal attractions, be : Invariably saooeedod inTngratiattng bimMU iaifbe Estimation ot nniospaotirig anS'rei jpeotable ooaiety, representulg himself '«i A tnanof lortunflln searoh oil taUoni.- i; ; In1«iisdis^Wtleij^mirppi(Me»«aaifi fcrmation regarding j/jHesoirjtng cMh ''iliiil ! ^K^withihbfiTerMDonaa.iiabten1 jtfMTI-ni$nesilDjaydnB^^aSn)beFfe«nm! \- pltte^^iiiulieltihrom^a^wBshln^wiiloh bad the previoua night been vititei by We notorioos Oaptain Mehue and bb band, ; nadertheJoUowingoinraniitaooee:— ? ' ' JEheday belortwasthe annual raoe day in . ttirt town, when iallfte people in the enr rtmadingoountryiaet. Among nthera then . wtitiatrangecentlemin, *ho potnpat the . prfttcdpaldiotali he visited the raoeooune, and ot many, among whom were the stewanb, who gave him a most-cordial invitation to the ball, which took plaoe Iheorening lollowlng. : Aooording to oujtom the elUi o! , the dis tfiiitaWenaedthetilUi and the stranger, who gained , the confidence of all (nadnt by bb gentlemanly behavionr, became* great favo rite... . ' «????? Thejiight temg'wanntind&eroom; rather otoee, fltptain Mdioae aonght'tite eool -«5r ?toutrbne o'clock in the rooming. : After ieing«bBent fora short Ume, he returned, to titeAomternation of *all pnflBnt,~cjhd ^wai (ol»-: manded everyone ptesent to 6utt ig-;bn one \- olarofv^u room, his men presenting their arma at the time at them. Halhen «a-; * dreaned them, Baying: 'Ladiee «nd gtnUe \- »aen,-Iam truly sot^f to intatrnptyonr ?iiimiiiii nl for* short time in «nch«ma«i' ner, and also for treating your kindiwas^io. . . iriua think tiiaV CMtoiii Uelnie couldnc . withstand suoh a ^display oflewelbrj and ; : flfliervalaablfiewttUeheand hb bravo bud were in need ; I have therefor* respectfully to command that each and vntf Individual pmeni -wQTat en«e hand over his or her valoaUa to my lientenanti Mr. Williams, and to do eo without any hesitation or mar marmnr, or I shall be compelled to adopt morc unpleasant measures.' The very n»me; 'Oaptaln -Melroee,' 6Uad the andtaiM with terror. X*dU« imbed Utingly hahded over thrir ornamente, and gentlemen gate op thdr 'wwlth. Having Obtained txMeMlan d «Hflj»t was valuable to them, the patty then liriped themselves to fee ttfreshnmifa on 4he%Ub table, and then kx* tteir leavo, tb« leader toldng a poUto Wrawell « fte »»«ttHy,-«ir*rfshtog that fjooy might pfinHppfi Utotat tio\9ftnfi% ?'*? ob. : Jft^^^l^&iXMW;^a^^^^tls^BMll #3&k;\ he^t they reeeived.''4taoal»apsr gave ahffla»omtrf!th«rADaw;'an*^i4i*«nd **«oBpion-of Hhearttdei %oleii, urbhw warti WuM tot each) meawngm -wan dlspa-ahed-to theVarlous poUoVitaUons, and antfmber of volante»rt enrolled themselves lor the pursuit ol the gang. ?-????' Oharlle and Donald reeolved upon Bearch ingbaWoDy on their War for the pirpetra tors; After leaving the township they obtained isobe due M to When the baad eaparatea.eviaertlyto baffle pursuer* ( flier found that two of the party had taken the very road that Gharlle and Donald bad to go, anil 'a fapia pflrsrit was Instantlr oom mtnoed. Allar riding for « eonilderable dbtatae on' the toaekl of the bnrinangeni; they arrived at arots roads, when they heard oriesol distrees pr6ee*dlnE from the bush. Biding rapidly Jn*« fflrsoiion of the eriei, they^ found a I»4- and Bsntleman tied to aapante trees. ? 'The nnfortnrjaU viotttns went asanatt«r named Bamsey and hb wife, who ha?be«n riding Ja their oarriage, when they were ni(et ty twfl well-tnounted bush rangers, who robbed them flf their money, tied them Kb described, and drove off in their 'onXiog llbwated, Mr. EMneey begged of Us liberators to follow 'them at onos, while he and h« wjfe would walk to the nearest pbliee nation, and lodge the information. ' This advice was blatantly adopted, Charlie and Monro renewing the pursuit, but this tine with more etas and rapidity, »« the wheel traOES were quite visible despite the adttosl smplMea hf the firiver in keeping the hardest part at the road In order to leave no traces behind. However, nothing eonld baffle the eager partners, who traood them to a ?mall -Tillage; when thetraffio obliterated the Impression of the wbedt. On enquiring at different planet, the only oarriage that bad been wen was one : wmoh conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbss' station on tome pMisUig buslnest. Thli somewhat ptuibd nan '«H a likely tuWeot 'for a bushranger, yhlle oonslderlng what odurse he thoold inrina, Donald oame in hurriedly, telling him bat1w'haddbooTerertlie- acks,ahdwhleh ?SftSj^Intenaea calling on Mr; Forbes, ^1 llr:stw», andyoh have tarftta Just to Hme » share onrhapplnais. Ton are already aware hatmy.eldBstflaoghterhaB bsen fof sotoBtimo mgaged to Mr. Melville, Whom, I believe, you are nol awn, as he hag been travelling in inait ol stations. He 'bat atrivad, tut did lot suooaoJ in finding anyibing to suit him, ihd it resolved onon prooee4ing at onoe to Port Phillip. . He hal.eent on a Urge number )I sheep and oattle, and oame a few minutes igo, aooompanied by our own worthy partor, 'or the purpose of oelebrating the marriage at moe, and will start off imbeaiately after with ib bride. Indeed, the proposition at first pot as all by surprbe, and I lid not like the dea ot parting with my daughter at to thort i notloe, but, aa the young oounla were.nn ?iUing to OdayTl wat forced to yield. ': I may tiso add that Mr. Melville proves himself irorthy ot my daughtef, and a very eligible natch in every respect, if we may Judge by lie valnsble presents be bat made to every nember ot my family. Ton ma^Jiair the ?pplanae and noieein the next room, whioh it eanted solely by his bounty.'. 1 The last remark was oorteot.tot each mem ber of the faytiiy oane nubing -into the eoom, exhibiting hia or her rich and glittering S-easure. .,..-??' The dinner was now ready, attar whioh the uremony was to 'tslte slaw, and eaoV one took bis seat M the'tebU. ' The last that had entered the 'room was the bridegroom, leadmgjibint&'aedlbride. ' ' ' Mr. Forbes instantly ttenped forward, and introduced 'Wi ? future son-iri-Uw to Mr. Stnart, bnt great aorprbe -Wat ojJMiienoed iy the whole family *at the two (tentlemen as they approached eaeh other suddenly stop ping, when both turned deadly pale._ were uc Ale to give utterance to* jingle syllable, and (tared «ternly.in each ptherVSo^ . \\. The.bridegropm was the first to reoover ^mBelf * tbffit bowing atifQ^ he took bb »atWdel5ts-rbaTat^e table. Charlie rbfi VOBmBWOj ;pWU6alAnj '/fnfl' 'DOflti' )6Wl' rtfifldn iht\ OnMffif JBttis-tT 'f*y lit\$' '^Wwilsir »hauoV^«;oBe^»/«e«nilrIVslWMr. m*toLgf&^Mfaitf&ima;& of M^Smgobi&oVtuioid1; her t»oe towards herj lover, indj.eEolainied, '/Did you ever hear of suoh an unfeeling monster f' M«lrpte,,who jaat^vith hisiead bent for ward, made no reply, but turned pale, and poowled.wltbnnnaturalferpcltr not peoullar to him, ?jrbWi tent a thrfflo! terror through her frame. Mr. Forbee now came to that ^portion whioh oontalned a description ot the artjeles stolen, -when .the description of onezemark able and oosUy pair olbraoeleteattraoted the brjdeit Attention; she nnoonsoionsly dropped bar eyes on those she wa« waaring, and whioh iad-been presented to her by her tover jonly a short time before, and whioh exactly eones; ponded! with the . deeaription her father read. : ?? ,; ? ? ? ?.?:-v . ', .- .', ., j A etiange feeling seized her, and upon raising hei eyas 'to -Obailie, she. eaw him iatatingMth «yes fnUrf indignation and db Itrust at her scowling lover; epringing toher feet she made an attempt to approach the open I-efteh window,, bnt in pasiing round bet fathet't chair, she fell with a scream in sensible, on the floor. :?:, ? ?Charlie. who was the «aiokest flew to her assbtasos, tailed her, and, in entrusting her to tbeiare and attention of her iather, said, ' Take] your rouch-injnred daughter; your .wooUm son-in-laW is no other than Captain Melrofc the Bushranger,'. then rushed from thradirtment after him, heiaTing made his eiOBpl amid the oonloskm. i.- : ; tjriooming oat of the house, Obarliemet &ioS;&js;»S;v ?? :i*-iV-,-;:'SiS-iSii'.s-.'. ??*??:: Monro with the hones ready, who, on teeing hit master, understood the oanae ot bb baste, and exclaimed, 'There they go,' pointing at the tame time, to the two nortemen in full gallop making towards the forest.' Xitt Us mount and after them, replied OharlU, when both vaulted in their taddlet, anS driving their spurs into their horses' tides, flewjaher thefogftives, OHAPTBB XtX. TOT fllPIDB*. .,, ? ? . It often ooourred to Charlie, as well at Donald, thBtOaptalnMelroteoftushranglngnotoHety, was tacntSod with Melnae ot BdinWrgh and Iiondon repute, but it never ooourred to them that Williams, his Ueutenant.'wM Donald's aoouterj *oi -who wall the oMtUss *t hb trans ^Jga^d^aJcaoogniUon ot hinrtu tnstaata-' preparing ihehortesfOT a rtart aiaoon Mthe jntrHam osremony was over; he therefore oonolnled thai all was not right, and without making himself known, watched William.' mov»meirts,and onthe same plea of hurry to ttartJiM bb howei naljr also. Wnitams, who was on the alert, eridantly expecting the pursuit, never went within .doors, but waWhed every diroption, leading the bones about, whilo the oarriage was being got ready. On Donald leading his horses from the stable ready saddled, he saw Melrose rush rom the house ; on coming op to Williams, be aaid, 'Mount and be oft, we are solo,' when both started off at full epeed ; but their former bnsh taotiea were of no avail to them this time, for notwithstanding their twisting aod turning, elearing logs and oreelm, they oocld not shake oD their intrepid pursuers. The chase now beoame exolting in the ex. trenw, each horsemtn was employing all his skill, and was straining his bone to its ut most speed, but it toon beoame evident that the bushrangers were overmatched, aa their partners were gaining upon them every mo unt, when coming upon tome open ground, tlelrose wheeled round, exolaimfng with a tearful oath-' We'll fight them, Williams, there are only two against two;' he then find at Charlie, who was nearest to him, the ball penetrating Charlie's hat. Before he had time to draw hb second pis tol, Ohailie thot his horse through the heart, wishing to take Melrose alive, who, on coming to earth with bis horse, got entrapped, having one leg fast under the oaroase. ? Charlie sprang from bb saddle to disarm him, bat on approaching him, reoeived the other ohaige in the left side, which made him stagger, but the ball fortunately glanoed off hb powder flask, which he carried in the breast pooket of hb odat. ' Shoot me, you villain, you have a oharmed life.' roared the disappointed bnshrangei ; but his captor re fused the demand, and seoured him on the spot. The combat between the other two did not ,laet so long, for on exchanging shots, Wil liams ten wounded, and became an easy cap tive to hb active anttgonbt \- A party of troopers who were scouring the .neighborhood, through the information oi Mr. Bamsey, were attracted by the firing, and madeJorthe spot, when the bushrangers were ibid. Mist Forbes, who a ahort -tlme before wat'la the height of happUwes, was now the picture of despair at the lay upon her ooueh, The family, who had been congratulating her to reoently.were now bewailing her approach, ing end In the noontide of her youth and beauty, and heaping exssratlont on the head ot the destroyer of their pe&oe.; The clergy man, who bad oorae to solemnise her mar rtage, was now engaged in administering to her dying moments. On seeing Charlie return, she feebly beokoned to him; when he approached her, she whispered in hb ear, ' You nave not taken taken his We?' Charlie told her thatbehad not, but that he had secured him. She then replied — ' Thank*, I thall now die happy. I feared that you, above all others, should stain your hands with hb blood, since you were the saviour of our family from disgraoe; but, alas I yon were unable to save my life, whioh b aa well, I hope, farewell, may your life be longer and happier than mine.' She then called around her the weeping family, and attar an affeeting adieu, breathed her last. The excitement manifested on the appre hension and trial ot the bushrangers had never been equalled in the colony. Crowds of ?peetaVors flocked from all parts to cheer and congratulate the brave oaptort and their deliverers from eneh a soonrge, while execra tions were heaped on the heads of the meroi less malefactors. ?^.The court was. crowded to anffooatiop, while a large number who could not obtain admission,. awaited with great anxiety the istneof the trial. A number of witnesses from all parti appeared to identify the pri soners, and to oonneot them with toe several robberies committed by the band; but (he extraordinary skill exhibited by Melrose in cross-examining the witnesses threatened to defeat the ends of jaitioe, were it not for Charlie Stuart's knowledge ot bis previous character. The appeal wbioh Melross-inade . to the jury in defending bb own.cass, bad. never been equalled lor forensic eloquence in a colonial court oljuotioe. The flfleot ot this was, that many who tad hailed hb approach Ingdoom were now moved to pitj him. ' The fadge, however, partly dispelled the. eState of this extraordinary oration, bytelling the jury that their duty, was simple Jortlee, kndJtfcatihsy were notito be ftinM''f3' by. tbt'taUnt dhplayod bytheptbou«i wblahj insist ili^rf immoting-iibc^s*!,- wouldonlyj besting ' ^s%iph, JU^rose eiolalmsd— -^f 3!bfi gallows is not erected, neither b 'the rose' mannlsotpred which, win hanB me.' ' This .was, indeed, true, for the next morn ing be wa» found dud in bit cell, having StranglfldhimseUwithhiineokile, The following was found, written upon the wallot the cell:— 'Charlie Stnart, nor any other .person, shall have the satisfaction of seeing me swing. They will find me with a emile of contempt upon my lint. The fates have been against me, being twice orbssed in loveJby my oonqoeror. After being deprived of one, I never thought that he would pre sent himself and prove a stumbling-block in my 'way ot gaining the second, whom I truly loved, bat who is now, through me, no more.' ' . ? ? i . CHAPIBH XX. ? i CB1BUZ DBOOVIBS SBW OODHTHT. ', The affecting and trying incidents which had followed each other, in such, rapid too cession daring the last few years, -were suffi cient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they had suoh an in fluence on' him that ;tbe monotonous both life be now followed was iosufSaknt to eradi cate it« effects. ? . The first ot these reverses was the unavoid able desertion of hb country, leaving all that was near and dear to him behind; then came hb sbipwraok, and the singular manner in which he was saved; then followed the loss of thescbJe-heartad Pamulj with the mourn ful oause of her death; then Melrose's strange and terribla fate, added to his troubled mind, and kept open the wounds which the loss ot Bella had oaased.! This le«t terrible blow o«ran, too, at the ?vert moment when hi* whole mind was fiOeJ with joy at the hope of every moment expMHBg to hear of ber arrival, when hb happiness would be complete. In order to bear aponder these hopeless reminboenoes, and to banish tboro'cntirely from hit mind, be resolved upon putting into execution a project which hid for some time pocupbd hb attention. This long-olierisbed idea was no 1«V than .to attempt to explore tome part* of the 'yet unknown interior of Aaelram. The abflbwry bt Atittralia Velix, »»d the many exploits oi Sir Thomas Mitchell, bad enkinJlpd within him this 'W«*-' ? . ? ,'l '' ' ' '.' '' ' AppointinB a rnanuer for his station, he, attended only % Donald, «Urted to the most inland staUoo^ which wat at ths foot of the itb»rbIthtrto^rr^Hrab1e harrier, being tbs.^noiintalns, stretehTng out towards the oaean; but at' no ^reat reUanos could be placed on the aooounta jiven by »k tires, no one at yet bad undertaken the joumey. Charlie ooald find but one among the whole tribe in whom he pould trust tor guidance across. This was a strong and in telligent fellow named tynan&ak;, asd who, so oordjna to his own report, had onoe been on a warlike expedition against the Warrigal tribe, aa he oalled thi natives ot that dls trfot. ; As the mountains whioh they had to oross wore InaoKStibb for * heavily equipped party, Obariie resolved upon probtedlng. aooom panted only by Donald and Quandak, taking pack-horses to earry a supply of provisions. After a great (ballot I aUgot and hardship, the passage aerossi wan suooessfolly aooom pllshedT^ i On crossing the laat of the eminence*, a sight burst anon their view whioh repsid them for all the difficulty they bad endured. Underneath them, and stretching out towards the sea as far as toe eye, aided by the glass, could reach, lay beautiful plains fringed with strips of forest, intersected by riven rising in the Alps and discharging themselves into the lakes near the flea. The tibarming scone reminded thorn of thoir native land, and filled them with such pleasant thoughts as they had not experienced tinoa they lett home. The remainder of the journey was passed with light-heartednossand speed, as they travelled over ettantive meadows never before seen by Europeans. In their rambles they suddonly came upon a small encampment ol natives, who manifested great surprise at their appearance. A number of thorn gath ered aronnd Charlie, feeling him and his hprse; but on seeing them dismount they rushed off in great terror, leaving all their cffeoU behind them. The small supply of provisions they bad taken would not allow them to remain lone j they therefore made a baity return to the settled dbtriftts, highly gratified with their explorations. On bb return, Charlie disposed ot his sta tion and started off again to the new country, taking wttb him Mary, several other servants, and ail requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, laavrng Dftoald to loUow with the1 sloaiti - Beitig the miJaia ot summer M 'im^n^Smik^^m: the mountains, and the party tdtfk possession ot the best part of' the plaint and water oourses. ' ' '. ' ? ' ??'' ' TJnablo to jnoonre Wk for coveting In the buildings until the wet season set in, they ereoted a building, whioh, although unroofed, would serve at a stockade! ?r protection from the attacks of the natives,' should they show any hostile disposition. One evening, after oominp home, and while hobbling their horses, a doctor, whoaocom puled the eipedition, itrolbd a little db tanoe from the stookade. Being unarmed, the natives, who were in the vicinity, took advwttge of bit unprotected state and en deavored to seise him. He fortunately, how ever, perceived them in time, and testing hb legs to tbe utmost of their power, arrived at the stockade and reported the case. The party, on teeing the intended attack of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrenoe, and then diioovered that tbs affrighted medico had ensoonsed himseU underneath a pile ol bed clothes. The disappointed beslegera, who now sur rounded the plsoe in foroe, wtnat a loss to know how to attack it, seeing no aperture through whioh they ' oould drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan which threatened destruction to all within the plaoe, as they could not fire upon their antagonists. The plan which tbe besiegers adopted was to 'throw their spears into the air ; this they did with suoh exactness that they fell inside Hie building, and but for the activity of tbe besieoed, their destruction would have bam complete. Charlie, annoyed at not being able to re taliate, after a oarefal search found a small aperture between' two slabs, in which be managed to plaoe the muzda ot bb rifle, and on taking aim, beheld the very object he wanted;' This irss the leader of the party, who. was. eDoouragtbg hb men «ith a Joyful oountentnps. Aware, that the fall of their leader would ditperie the enemy, Charlie fired, ana, as he expected, brought him to earth, which produced tw desired efteot. irogue :— '^ w^Jte S^^^rfSaslhar! [n^rfi^^f&^aaft^^ ronndhUliaad, and popped in at hit pole.' . ThUt«nltti«iemriyfoundonixamlnaflon to have some foundation, for the only wound to be loundwas in hb poll, although they knew tbe savage was facing them when shot. This mystery was boob solved, for they found the ball bad entered fab month. Nothing ot any importance happened to Donald while travailing up with the stock save one, and which we will here relate, as.it gave an opportunity .for him to gratify bb propensity of playing tricks. One evening, jott aa the party had com pleted arrangements for their encampment, thBysawsomeUiing wbioh waianovelty in the bosh; it waa a rider dressed in black, with a regular English hat (a bell-topper) on, mounted on a. Mask horse, and maVing towards tbe encampment. On drawing near, Donald at ones innntifled him as tbe. man who officiated asolergyman on tbe stations, and was well inownTby the name of Parson Croaker, bnt who had been expelled from holy orders on account o! bb eccentric and unchristian pecnliaritim, and who .was now on bis way to Port Phillip in order to im prove bb oireumrtenoee. Donald, who had already played some tricks upon tbo ex minister, was not recognised, nor did be with it, hospitably reotfoathe traveller, giving him shelterand aoobminodation, as no station or place of rerage wat near. - . At.the time *f retiring for the night, a difflcaUypiwntad itself to the carson which badjbeen .overloosGeditintil'. tbe -Jsst;xnoment. This was how to secure hb horse, being naturally of a restless dtspoaUion and apt to break Away, «pwta1ly at there were horses belon|lng to tbe party feeding abtst, he was afraid that they might anllot him away and letve hb master in tbe bush. This wan, however, got over by a proposi tion made by Donald, sad to whioh the parson agreed, which was- to the following effect :— that on lying down for the night before the fire, acoordiog to bosh onstom, tho parson wat to fatten tbe end ot bb horse's tether round bb own leg ; than, aboold the animal postest any inclination to stray, hit owner would have full and ample warning. In con formity with this suggestion, the parson surf Donald stretobed themselves on the earth, Plaoing their saddles under their head*, having their feet towards the large fire, whioh was conttantJy replenbbed by the man on watoh. The ex-minltter tattastd hb horse's tether to hb leg, and considering that all was perfectly secure, was soon fast asleep. His long aod wean ride, togetbtr with this being the first lime he had sbpt onauoh a hard i»d, caused him to haveloarfnl dreams. 3)ouald, who expected to htvs tome amusa Stromhb isvention, never closed hb wbta at last the horses belonging to name round ; ,- on seeing .them . |ne . ?trangtr's horse made one bound towarii man, dragging the Onfortanate parson through tbe fire. Donald wat somewhat alarmed at tbe soene, and wst unable for a abort time-to arnst the animal or liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely having his clothes and btlr singed. The panon took some little time to be convinced thst he was still In the bbd of the living. Tho task of forming the naw station, and of holding possession sgainst the attacks ol savages, now devolved upon Charlie, and many skirmishes took place between his man and the aboriginal, who appeared determined to drive the wbite-feUowt from (heir hunting gcound. Every day fresh tracts of tplondid country were discovered, and many planes he took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in hb own oountry. Many settlers followed in hb track, and took possession of thevatt plaint and pas tures, whioh soon formed b strong psrty to resist tbe savages. Charlie had by tbb time built a pleasure boat, in whioh h« made many excursions among tho lakes, aooompanied by some of tbe neighboring settlers and Donald. The first ot these took plaoe one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, was desired by his master to play the old favorite pibrooli, an air whiob bo had ab stained from playing evor since the lost of BoUa, lest It might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Charlie. As tho rowers measured their time with tug tbrillling strain, and at the boat glided lei surely round one of tbe pioturetque bletn, Charlie, who was seated at the holm, became overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, whiob were awakened by tbo favorite pibroob, and the surrounding scenory, which foroibly re minded him of happier days. In order to hide bis grief from bb com panions, he turned round and directed hb gam towards the islet they were slowly pasting. While hb eyes wero fixod on the blot, bb thoughts oarried him bank to tho scone at the Bridge of Linn, when ho lie heard hb lost Belb's endearing appeal on that memor able morning, oalllng to him— when, hark I the identical sound— 'Charlie, dear, save me,' struok bit ears above the strains ot the mnslo. With one bound bo sprung up, and ruining to the bows, polled tbe chanter from ^onsMPi ilta^jrWjlook« oj :«traMe«U4'; taess, exolalmed, ?? Did you not hear:her T'. ' ' Tbe bewildered company, who conclude* tbat he was undn a delusion, asked for an explanation, when be replied, ' I am certain it was her voioe.' Ons of the parly now in formed them tbat he saw a blaoktisllow carry ing a itmale in. hb arma into the sorub on the bland oppoeite, and tbat she seemod to resist him by sorasming out, whioh wan pro bably what Charlie hod heard, and, mixed with the sound ot tbe musio, took it for the voioe of some acquaintance. The rest of tbe company ooinoidod in thin supposition, adding tbat if he had been thinking of Borne one at tbo time, tho force ot imegination would construe tbo voice of the Warrigal female into what he fancied ho beard. This argument trauquilised his mind a little, still tho sound and the words, with the never-to-be-forgotten voice, wat too real to bo erased from hb memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Holla being alive oould allay or satisfy liis mind, nor oould he shake oil tbe strange impression caused by tbeooourrenoo. Another strange oiroumsianoo happened at this time, which enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by whiob be was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in hb room after tbe labors ct ibo day, Donald, who had been on his usual rounds among the shepherds, entered breathless, with a countenance whioh bespoko terror (.and hesitation, when hb master addressed him as follows :— ' Well, Donald, everything all right among the shephordt? No moro attacks of tbe Warrigab, t hope ? .Why, you look at though you had seen a ghost.' ' To tell tbe troth, sir,' said Donald, ' if it was not a ghost I saw, I oertsinly saw some thing approaching it. Bat beforo I proceed any farther, I wish to ask a question, whioh I trust you will answer.' ; 'Certainly, Donald, out with it,' said OharUe. ; 'Well, then,' oontinued Donald, 'I wbb to know whether you are (at t have herrd) a desoendaBt bl the Meoble family 7' ' ?' Undoubtedly I am, Donajd, 1 . hope you have not teen the OuOlat,' replied Charlie. ' I'm sorry to say that I think I have,' laid Donald; 'MvJ wat.rldjnjj acrosi the plain, just now, niy horse began to prick up bbears, and look behind him. It struok me bound, the vary picture of popt Btah you Wt at home, stood befor* me. j Being positive that no suoh animal was iolietoand in thlt colony, and aooordlng to tho description of the 0« OUu, I inktautly bethought mvself that you wore a relation of tbe Meoble family, and that he had followed- you to Australia. After sniffing at me tor a fewsooonds, he gsve a whine, ana left me.'. ' A rather long journey be most bare had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on tbe other side of tbe line,' re plied Charlie, smiling ai hb servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. As tome of my readers may be Ignorant ot jibe meaning of the Ou OUu, MhtobaH or ,'Meobb's grey dog, 1 would Just say thst an janobnt impression fT*rtftfl among the High landers that a sort ot follower, or UMch, jwss connected with every old family, whioh, :on oertsin special oooasions. mads itself visible— snob as bafor* a death, or any im Iportant event taking plaoe, or oooazring to a imember or descendant of the family. Eaeh ifamily bad its own tvMoh, in tbe shape of an animal ; henoe the Meoble had its Ou OUu, or -bige grey staghotmd. ! Although Ohailie did makeliditoi Donald's CuGUu at the time, be had in a few dayt proofs of its existence. A party of settlers had formed themselves ifor the purpose of driving from the neighbor hood a tribe of troabbsoma natives, who were slaughtering the wttb, and Huffing tbe shepherds. Alter scooting: tbs surrounding woods without falling in wflh the Warrigab, they, oo tbslr retain, oams upon a herd of kangaroos, amont wbioh wtsawhileone— a crsat rarity in thaoolony— aftw which tin whole parly with Ibelr dogs n»vf cliato. The anlinal dew at a lnm«ndou- nwei w-. vanb a steep-baaked oceek (hat lnter«cct«-i Iliu pbiw, near whioh stood a cluruu ol ?orub; bat, on his approsohing It, a iaigi gray etaghound spninioat, osusIuk the kun garoo to (aee tbu or«k, wbioh be cleared ai s bound. The strange dog followed im example, and in a ibort lime owrtook hit Srey, which was despatched on the *|iol ; t»i. og then trottsd oft towards the lorott oo tin' uppotlta aide ot the plains. The astonished equestrians and their out matehed dugs, on otrailng to the oreok, were obliged to pull up, not being able to clear it. Olisriie tltaart, who was among tho leading horseman, gased with ?itonbtunont at tbe dog, whiob none ol the party knew, when Donald drew up to hb master's aids, anil whispered in bb sar, '1 suppose you will be Jilve yoor own ?ysa, wi at* . now.' Charlln idrned sharply round, and replied, ' If Bras Mbti, that Li him.' ?'ho I no I' aided Dpoaia, daUoasly, '? the Ou GUu, ana do other.' (To he Continued.) 