Slit ¡jkpsL PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in tho p'nco where X atti demanded of conscience to »peak tho truth, and therefore thu truth I bpeak, impugn It «lioso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lotto ca and other communications intonded for inser- tion in tho news columna bIiouIlI bo addressed to Tub Kuitou. Rejected Itttera cannot bo returned under any cir- cumstances whutmcr. Correspondent« aro au vised to keep copies or thuir letters, as this rule «111 bo mlhured to »trieilj. _No notice can bo taken of anonymous com mu ni cat lona. Kvlt\ letter must ho accompanied hythe name and address of thu writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarunU'u of tfood faith. To avoid iucoutenieucu and delay to persons in- terested, v,q havu to request that all I mail-em com- munication«., including advertisements, orders for thu paper, and remittances, hu addicted to Wilson and Mackinnon, and not to Tilk Editor. Pa>mu_t8 hy pont olllco orilcr, bank draft, or Victorian postage «tampa will oblige. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER \\)t 1884. It is possible that tho attack upon our great body of public pensioners last week in the Assembly was but a flash in the pan. So far as it went, however, it is evidence of a great advance in public feeling. At present there is one easy and one difficult way of obtaining support from the state. The difficult mode is to perform some striking service to mankind, when possibly in old age a trumpery grant may be grudgingly doled to tho general benefactor. The easy road is to commit a crime, for in- stantly that the man is convicted of some serious offence there is a cry that he must bo fed, lodged, and clothed at the expense of society. To set the culprit to work to earn his own living has long been held to be some- thing like an outrage upon humanity. Thus it was made a capital charge against a recent Government that it in- creased the out-put of woollen stuffs from Pentridge. " Prison labour," according to the old dogma, ought never to como into competition with free labour, and this belief has been acted upon with consequences which would be ludicrous if they were not demoralis- ing. JOHN JONES, so long as ho is an honest bootmaker, is required to com- pete in the open market for his own support, and that of his wife and chil- dren; but so soon as JOHN JONES falls away from tho paths of virtue, and pawns his employer's materials or steals from a shop, he is to competo no longer. He is to bo maintained in prison, and his chil- dren may be kept in the Industrial Schools. So strong haB been this feeling that any work done in our ponai estab- lishments has been carried on slyly and secretly, and when attention has been drawn to tho subject, an apology has been made. But if wo can afford to take Thursday's discussion in the As- sembly as a guide, there is a rovolt from tho old principle that a convict is not to engage in any remunerativo em- ployment, and tho idea is gaining ground that the able-bodied criminal should be made to support himself. That thero is a great reform to be accomplished in this direction in "Victoria is shown by tho figures of tho last penal report. Tlie gross cost of our gaols in 1883 was £50,259. Wo ought to havo income of " cash paid into tho Treasury" as the result of tho prisoners' labours of a corresponding amount, whereas tlie return last year was £7,215. The Chief Secretary- speaks in the highest terms of the new inspector general, and we may hope that, fortified by the expression of opinion in tho As- sembly, Mr. Brett will address himself to the task of making ourpenalestablish- ments self-supporting, or-remembering tho great difficulties in his way nearly self-supporting as possible. One error has to be guarded against, how- ever, or we may have another out- break of popular feeling'against prison labour. In a recent discussion at an American congress, attention was called to the policy adopted, both in tho States and in some English prisons, of turning the gaol into a manu- factory of some particular article. In England a number of penal establish- ments are, or wero, devoted to tho ex- clusive production of mats, nets, and ruga, with the result that this particular trado felt itself deeply injured, and agitated against prison labour accord- ingly. It was held at tho congress that the moro diversified the work done in a gaol the better; and this for many reasons. If the prison products are spread over a wide area, hostility loses concentration and force. The articles mado are not ear-marked. Again, if the prisons monopolise, or almost mono- polise, any particular trade, thero is obviously no work for the convict when he leaves the walls of the establish- ment. And the fact that ho is an expert in that particular industry, goes far to proclaim an identity that it is very desirable should be concealed. The weight of these arguments is not to be denied. There is great economy no doubt in applying prison labour to one particular object, but still it would be a mistake, for tho reasons stated, to con- vert Pentridge into a big woollen fac- tory. It should be a hivo of industry. But the trades should bo various, and should be general, and not special in character. All the tailoring, boot and shoe making, and carpentry required by the establishments themselves' should be done within their walls, as the convict thus learns a trade for use when ho becomes free, and there is no appre- ciable effect on the general market. Where there is stonebreaking and pick and shovel work handy, the difficulties of the prison reformer are greatly re- lieved, inasmuch as the employment of the unskilled labour at his command is his crux, and this circumstance should always be kept in view when the sites of prisons havo to be determined upon. It is vain, however, to particu- larise. Each prison is a separate study. The broad rulo is that tho less the com- petition of the convicts is felt by any particular class the bettor, and if this prinoiple be honestly kept in mind, an Inspectc.'-General in future, we may' hope, will be warmly supported in any schome or effort to reduce our present expenditure of over £1,000 per week incurred in keeping criminals in senii idleness. One great saving, it seems, could be effected < at once. The country gaols aro nothing like half filled. Wo have 1,430 prisoners on hand, and we have accommodation for 2,300. No gaol can bo economically worked unless it has at least 100 prisoners as its mini- mum number, and with the exception of tho Geelong establishment none of tho country prisons comply with this condition. The consequence is, that while pi isoners eau be kept at Geelong for £iil per annum, they cost £85 at Poitlaud, £84 at Williamstown, £00 at Sandhurst, and ¡>o on. With amalgama- tion these discrepancies would disap- pear. If it is possiblo to keep the prisoners for £27 per annum at Geelong, we certainly ought to be able to reduco the average cost to £30 per head, and that would mean a saving at once of £15,000 peranuum. Mr. Uekbyadmits tho fact, but he pleads that there would bo " a terrible disturbance" if ho closed any of the local gaols. Tho country township, he avcis, regatds its prison with corporate prido, and as a source of individual profit. It boems a poor thing that one of the leaders of a strong Government should put for wai d so very indiffeient an excuso for not doing his duty, and wo would suggest to the Chief Secretary that if he shirks the ta^k himself, he can entiust it to a commisbion. We do not believo that there is any difficulty in tho matter. If Mr. Brett were called upon to make a report as to how best ho could woik his department efficiently and economi- cally, any amalgamations ho might le commend would bo carried by the common sense of tho community. In the meantime wé may note with plea- sure that despite all th.it is said against our system of education, our gaols are becoming comparatively tenantless. When schools multiply and pi ¡sons decrease, the social position can scaicely be called unsatisfactory. The question of' rabbits is again befoio the country. It was recently discussed by a confeience representing the municipal bodies of those parts of the colony that aro affected, and although no very definite conclusions were ai lived at, there was an animated debate. Next day, in ac- cordance with the usual piactice, a deputation laid the views of tho con- ference befoio the Minister of Lands Last week a body of sixteen hundred settleis fiom the Wimmera carno to town on a uko en and. It will be lemembered that a few years ago much uneasiness was felt at tho rapid increuso of the rabbits, and that Pallia- nt passed,what aio known as the bbit Äct&,"'ll_e<4aim_ of,)thesf¡,,ucta. was to reliqve the, Gaveuimont jof, the work of extirpation; ándito1 putiit upon' the local'bodies. Thits was'both wise1 and proper. Tho local bodies, being neal cr the spot, aro better able to con tiol the work, and to inquire into and ascertain tho condition of things within their own boundaries. On the other hand, experience tells us that when such duties aie discharged by Government, its best effoits aie productive of nothing but jea- lousy between the different dis- tricts, and complaints that tho work is not pioporly done. At the timo they woie passed, there was some hopo these acts might bo final. Unfoitunately it has been far otherwise. Whether from the languor of tho local bodies, or from some defect in the acts, little progress has been made, and tho rabbit question remains almost as far from solution as 6V0r- ,,!.,, ' I . ' ( .- I . * . Tho fact tlmt tl.e councils,,,^ent to the trouble qt sending.[représentatives to the oonfeience, shorts thabntimfyare not trifling with this impoitant matter. Thero is ft presumption of earnestness in their favour. It, therefore, becomes a question whether the acts aro suffi- cient for tho pui poses for which they woie passed. Mr. Tucker says they are. He has heard, he admits, that tbey are defective, but ho has never boen shown where. In his view of the matter, tho councils and not tho acts are to blame. As far as we can leam, two defects aro alleged to exist, the one slight, the other grave. Under the acts, tho local bodies may request an owner on whoso land rabbits aro proved to be to dostroy them. On his failing to comply, they are empowered to proceed to work themselves. Whatever expenses they incur must be made good to them by tho owner. But tho acts aie so curiously worded as to leave it doubtful whether this claim for indemnification can be made in the event of a council's inability to show that the vermin havo been completely exterminated. Pi o vision, however, is expressly made for the repayment from time to time of money so exponded. In all probability a court would hold that this was sufficient to secure tho liability of tho owner. The other objoction is moio serious. Perhaps tno most thorough method of destioying rabbits is to dig out their burrows. In many parts of the colony tho ground is of such a nature that unless the surface is broken extermina- tion is impossible. Now, this circum- stance does not _eem to have presented itsolf to the mind of tho lawmaker. In the first act-the principal act -it is laid down that every means of destruction may bo em- ployed-warrens and burrows may be stopped and filled up. In the amending act it is provided that all reasonable means may bo taken. No power to go beneath the soil is anywhere ex- pressly given. And inasmuch as the acts, being in this particular an invasion of the rights of property, will be inter- preted strictly in the owner's favour, thero is no cause tosupposo the Courtwill permit anything that is not specifically granted. Comnionsense men may think this bad law. Tiley may be leminded of the juggle by which Shylock was cheated of his bond. Vet it is none the lass likely to be the law. The acts are useful to a certain extent, but their futility begins precisely at the point wjiere landowneis, actuated by false notions of economy, are loth to take the initiative. Against this it may be argued that no one has taken the point to court. ' But it is scarcely fair to expose the councils to litigation, no1' can they bo expected to do their work otherwise than in a half-hearted per- functory manner .when they do it at the peril of an action. Lust Thursday a large deputation of Wimmera farmers brought the un- happy condition of their district under Mr. Tockeb's notice. Something has been done there towards the suppres- sion of the rabbits, but their numbers are not reduced. If tho present state«, things continues, the farmers fear that agriculture will Jjpcome impossible The Wimmera, however, is differently placed from the'rest of the colony, and^ a special remedy should be provided for it. case. As to more happily.situated parts, the problem is less difficult! The domands of the deputation from the conference were for more money. and better laws. A subsidy of £15 Q00 a year io now asked for; and, regard being had to tho magnitude of the evil this does not seem a largo amount. If it can assist in any way it should 1)0 given without hesitation. As for fur-' thor legislation, wo trust we have shown that it is not altogether un necessary. The fullest powers, consist, nt with tho rights of property, should bo conferred on the local bodies. Their rights'and duties should bo clearly and exactly defined in a skilfully-drawn bil], In short, as tho phraso is, they should havo no excuse. This is a matter which abovo all others, deserves earnest attention. It is not a toy question : it is one on which, with the oxceptioti of thoso who livo by trapping, overybody is agreed. Further measures aie un- doubtedly required, and should be undertaken at once. Delay only rendéis extermination moro impracticable. The breeding season, which is now at hand will give the vermin a fresh hold. The local bodies aro now in earnest, and it is politic to encourage them. It is just possible that procrastination may make them lukewarm and indifferent. Tho political storm in Ballarat is still raging. Mr. Cutiibkht'h opponents may or may not win tho seat, but «s a com monccniont they havo certainly succeeded in losing tlioir own tempers. It has seemed hithorto to most peoplu that Mr. CuxuuniiT is a well-conducted citizen' who did tho Btato good service by securing the pusaago of tho I.oform Act through tho Council, and wlio lins been industrious in tho Legislature, anti quiet and intelligent. At an instant's notice lie blazes forth-in the columns of the radical press-as a sinner of tho first magnitude. And ovoryono who ventures to express dissent from this view is roundly rated. Somo very sevoro thing have boon said about this journal, bocauso of a remark that the lion, gentleman was tho " victim of many misrepresentation.." It is somewhat hard that such a phraso at this cannot bo used without our being supposed to bo guiity of the offonco of calling a particular journal " aliar." Such an allegation has been made, how over, and it gives a cluo to tho situation. Auger is a brief madness-an interval of mental irresponsibility-and the local press is very angry. 'Die charge taken particular exception to is our asser- tion that the miner has been led to believe that Mr. Outiiiikrt seeks to perpetuate the royalty system. It is absolutely denied that any such impression was con voyed. And yet wo find first that a Mel- bourne journal' uses the word "por '* patuatu" in its lending columns, and thon that the passngo is quoted with per- fect approval in the Ballarat paper. After a description of how tho royalty syatca works, we read : 1 " NO'liberal, aïiil certainty no- liberal wh« la'li trlullil Ot the milling industry,' could lend ?liia countenance for a moioetit, to proposals . which .woultl perpetuuto such a one-sided state of tilinda. If the electors of thu Wellington l'rovinceaie nli.c to their own interest, they will take aire tbnt no such contract should bo possible in the future," And, therefore, tho doctor is called upon in Melbourne und in Ballarat to voto fot Lonü und not for Cuthbert. There is ? mass of writing of a similar kind, and to thoso who havo kept cool heads such tac- tics speak for themselves. Mr. Cuthbeiit has exortod himself to secure the Haw- ing open to tho minor of land not now worked on tho payment of surface dninagoB, and the head and front of his offending is that for solid i casons-in order to avoid a scrambling for proved ground-ho would allow exist- ing leases 15 years to run out, whereas the Government proposo a seven years' term. Such a difference is not so very much to quarrel about. Tho falso talo that Mr. Cvxijuisp? is an atlvo ^itp oí tho royalty system'appears to have travelled like wiWiro, as .such stories usually j do when told at tho ciitiutl moment. Most of tho men whopiopa gated tho libel that Mr. Skrviur lutl aflirmcd that tho working mon of Victoria ought to bo content with ßs, a week in a tent, aro now ashamed of the part they played in the affair. They won tho day, mid lost Bolf-respect. It will bo interest- ing to noto how far tho history of a ''dishonest victory" is to repent itself at Ballarat._ Tho honourable niomber for Kilmore, Mr. Hunt, has boon vexing his righteous soul about an instruction to tcachor. m líackwood's Notes and Lesson* on Mond Subjects. Twice has ho called attention to it in tho Legislative Assembly, anti from tho Minister, who considers the book " one of the best books ever intro " ducod into schools,*' Mr. Hunt has wrested a promise that a circulnr shall bo sent to teachers pointing out that -hoy ought not to illuBtrnto any lessons by references to tho Holy Scriptures, and that the naughty passngo about somo dirty Irish tenants had better bo passed ovor in grim silence. Has Mr. Hu.ii; re- flected that ho is giving " bold advertise " mont" to the very pnssago ho dislikesÎ Particular attention lins now been called to it, and moro children will notice tim omission than would" ever havo been pained by tho illustration. Fiiends of Mr, Backwood might point out to the inconsod and somowhat thin-skinned legislator, that no general charge of want of clcanlinoss is brought against tho Irish as a nation. A story is told that some tenants wero dirty-any other ndjoctiie may bo substituted for " Irish," or tho opithot may bo altogothcr omitted, and the story holds equally good. For in- stance, "a Dorsetshire landlord," ol simply "a landlord," built somo nice now cottages, &c.; But a further question suggests itself. What a terrible future would bo in storo for tha Legislativo Assembly if tho oxninplo of Mr. Hunt were widoly followed I « o aro taught that theio is a plnco for all things, but wo venturo to think that tho timo of Parliament might bo botter oniploycd than in discussing criticism» upon school books. Irishmen are not hurt by a little good-humoured banter, which, indeed, they freely employ them- selves. Mr. Hunt probubly, secure in his "shall " and " will," would not wire to cxpungo from tho grammar tho story of tho man who said, " I will bo drowned, " and nobody shall savo mo," orfrom »Ho exorcise book tho story of Pat's friend who "saved his lifo by dying m I "prison."_ In July last the Houso of Commons had several lato sittings. On tho 4th ot that month it adjourned at 2.30 a.m., on tho 8th at 2.45 a.m., 9th at 1.30 a.m.. 11th at 2.30 a.m., loth at 4 a.m., luti» at 2.15 a.m., 18th at 3.45 a.m., MU» « 1.45 a.m., 22nd at 2.45 a.m., 23rdat ¿lo a.m., 25th at 3.30 a.m., 26th at 3.45a.m., and 20th at 5.15 a.m. Wo commend tluvt record to tho notice of the Government of this colony, which is ofton weakly complaining of its inability to push «»> tho publio business. In our Lower Houso tho tactics of tho obstruc- tivo party aro facilitated as ni««» as possible. Tho House never «t« moro than throo days a week, no irean businoBS can bo taken after 11 o c1** p.m., division., are ofton postponea no causo of tho mero assertion of »onie mom ber that other members had left tn» Chamber for the night under the ímpre* sion that the debate was not to be clowo at th»t sitting, and most of the ra«*»«*T will not speak after 11 o'clock at night for fiar that their utterances would not bo reported. In these matters tho Assembly fails to follow tho precedents of tho .louse of Commons. Much good would, as has been bofore pointed out, be eftoctod hore if tho Govenmiont were to determine «mt certain business should be dono in a certain timo. This plan, of course would result for a time in longer and moro frequent sittings than at present, but the consenuenco would be that the majority would, in solf- defenco, be driven to adopt some mode of preventing un- necessary obstruction. The P. and 0- Company's Royal mail * steamer Shannon arrived at Albany yesterday afternoon, and left at 9 p.m. for Adelaide. We publish in another column particulars re- lating to the récidiviste question by our Lon- don correspondent, telegraphed from Albany. Tlie Shannon should reach Adelaide on Fri- day, and Melbourne on Saturday or Sunday. On the Legislative Council notice-paper for to day there ure twoquestions. Mr. Sterry will ask whether the requirements of Sandhurst, in regard to water, can be better provided for; and Mr. Zeal will call attention to the presence of notorious French convicts in Melbourne. Colonel Sargood is to move for leave to introduce a bill to remove doubts as to the powers of the Governor iu Council in certain cases. A return, for information re- specting the visitation under the boarding-out systom of Industrial School children, will bo moved for by Air. Fitzgerald. The Legal Professions Amalgamation lilli is the princi- pal order of the day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Wrixon will ask tho Premier whether the danger arising trom the coming hither of French criminals can be met by the introduction of a bill. There are eight other questions on the paper. The first order of the day is the Land Bill, which will be further considered in committee. Clause 24 in the part relating to pastoral lands was before the committee when progress was re. ported last Wednesday. The question at issue is how the Lands deportment shall de- cide between rival applicants for the same leasehold where more than two lodge their applications at the Bame time. As the bill originally stood, all leases were to be sold by auction, but Ministers, in defer- ence to tile views of the committee, agreed to limit the auction principle to cases in which several persons wanted the same run. Some members object to auction under any circumstances. Tlie amendment to clnuse 23, moved by Mr. Kerferd, raises the whole question. Tlie opening of tlie Brunswick and Coburg railway for traffic was celebrated yesterday, when demonstrations took place at Bruns- wick nnd Coburg. His Excellency the Governor, who accepted an invitution to at- tend, was cordially received by large crowds oi people ut the South Brunswick and Coburg railway stntions, and addresses of welcome were presented to him by the Borough Coun- cil of Brunswick and tlie Shire Council of Coburg. A numerously attended banquet in honour of the occasion was held in the Pub- lic-hall at Coburg, not very tar from tlie terminus of the new line. The Go \ernor was supported ot the principal table by Mr. Gillies, Minister of Rail wb>8, by Colonel Sargood, the Minister of Defence, and several members of Parlia- ment. In the course of the speeches refer- ences were rasde to federation, to the present period oí political calm, and to the ques- tion of defence. On the latter topic Colonel Sargood said that the maximum strength of the Victorian militia was now nearly en- rolled, «nd at the buck of these there would probably be two or. three thousand riflemen members of the various clubs. Thechildren. attending tile' Brunswick and'Coburg' state schools were treated to railway trips to Spencer- street station and back during the day, and the Brunswick children hada picnic arranged for them in tho Royal-park. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch will visit Ballarat on Thursday, and return to Melbourne on Friday evening. They will be present at tlie races on Friday, and at the Masonic ball on Thursday evening. It was stated bv a morning paper yesterday that Mr. Cashel Hocy, of the agcnt- generol'B office, London, had been dismissed by the . Victorian Government for having induced the Irish members of the House of Commons ta hinder annexation in the Western Pacific. The statement has no foundation whatever. The relations between Mr. Service ana Mr. Hoey during the annexation negotiations have been entirely satisfactory, and the latter gentleman has been thanked for the able manner in which he lina assisted Mr. Murray Smith throughout" that business. Tile' atti- tude of tlie I'arnellite memburs was also mis- represented. So far US' is knoWn, illdy have not hindered annexation, and they havo cer-> tain), shown a willingness to facilitate the consideration of the Enabling Bill approved by the Sydney Convention It is thought that Mr. Cashel Hoey may have used what influence he has with the leaders of that section in our behalf to induce them not to oppose the pussnge of the bill, which would have been introduced last session had not the Conservative party objected. Mr, Adye Douglas, Premier of Tasmania, has informed Mr. Service that his Govern- ment will, during the current session, sub- mit a bill to the Legislature to appropriate the amount required as the contribution from Tasmania towards the £16,000 guaran- teed by the colonies for the New Guinea protectorate. Mr. Douglas has also inti- mated that the Government will gladly join Victoria and other colonies interested in having a resurvey made of portions of Banks and Bass Straits. The proposal that this work should be undertaken was made by Mr. Service, on the suggestion of the Mel- bourne Chamber of Commerce, in June last. Mr. Bretti acting inspector-general of penal establishments, and Dr. Dick, inspector of lunatic asylums, intend conferring upon the question of converting ono of the gaols of the colony into an asylum for criminal lunatics, of whom there are upwards of CO now in confinement, and after they havo discussed the matter, they will submit their views upon it to the Chiet Secretary, On Friday next tiley intend visiting Castlemaine in connexion with the business they have in hand. There may after all be no necessity to «end to England for a new gun for the Cerberus to replace the ono injured a fortnight ago by the premature bursting of a »hell. It was suggested by Captain Thomas that it might be possible to obtain a similar wenpon from the commodore in Sydney, and . the Minister of Defence immediately caused inquiries to be made. He hus been inlormed that such a gun is procurable there, and has given instructions that one or two armoury officers shnll lie sent to Sydney to ice if the gun referred to is of the same pattern and calibre as that which has been disabled. I 'Some delay has unavoidably occurred in the erection of the new telegraph lines between Melbourne and Albury, to join the new lines | from Sydney, with a \ iew to meet the in- creased demands of the business public, when the lower rates for intc.'colonial tele- grams come into force. It appears that the hulk of a large consignment of wire of home | manufacture was damaged by the action of tne sea.water while in transit, and the con- tractors have been obliged to re-ship it to Knglund, hence the delay. Apart from this unfortunate circumstance, the work is pio ceedlng satisfactorily. In order to save time, the workmen are pushing rapidly forward with one of the Victorian lines to Albury, it living considered probable that a single extra ' wire will suffice to cope with the additional business for the first few months. Of course no elïort will be spared to complete the Mcond wire as soon as possible. 11 is stated tliut the new wires from Sydney are rapidly approaching completion.' Mr. II. M. Barter, assistant general traffic mannger of the Victorian Railway depart- ment, is seriously ill. Helms been unable to attend to his duties for some little time rait. 1'he M.HSiigeiîii. Maritimes Company's «tcamer Calédonien, which sailed from Mar wilU» on the SOth ol July, ia due in Mel bourn.« tomorrow. As she has not yet hwin siicnallcd at Cape Horda, S.A., it is sup yo*» by the agents, Mcisrs. Dalgety and Co. Umiiu-d, that Hho lins been detained In Vmnnlim at Mauritius. The .Calédonien , passed Aden on the 12th August, the pas- sengers and crew being all in good health., The latest news respecting small-pox is of rather an unfavourable notare. ' The health officer oi Lilydale has reported that sevetal more cases have appeared st Ringwood, one of them being in the family of Scales, the market gardener, in which the disease first made its appearance in that district The police reported a suspicious case at Shel- bourne, near Eaglehawk, in the Sandhurst district, but the local health oilicer reported that the patient is a man who is suffering from erythema o£ the extremities. He recently became convalescent from typhoid fever. The patients at the sanatorium are all progressing' favourably, and Mr. Davis, who has recovered, will be dis- charged either to- day or to-morrow. The house of Mrs. Smith, at Ascotvale, was dis- infected on Sunday, and a similar process was carried out yesterday with respect to the house of Mr. Kamm, in Glasgow-Btreet, Col- lingwood. New arrangements have been made by the Central lioard of Health for vaccinating at the Model Farm with calf lymph. Dr. Lb Fevre will for the future attend there at 2 o'clock on Wednesdays, and perform the operations. The vaccinations by Dr. Fletcher at the Manchester Unity Hall, Swanston street, on Mondays nnd Fridays will be con- tinued. There has been somo trouble in the Yea Shire Council in consequence of a want ot agreement between the ex-president (Coun- cillor Webster) and a number of other mem- bers. When Mr. Webster was in office in July his functions as president were super- seded by his opponents, and resolutions were agreed to, when another councillor was voted to the chair, which he hod previously declined to submit. On one occasion a meeting was held without his consent; and, altogether, the treatment he received induced him to ask the Commissioner of Public Works to have an investigation made into the manner in which the business of the shire ¡b conducted. Mr. Deakin has ordered Mr. T. F, Norkham, of his department, to hold the inquiry re- quested, with a view to determining if the council is such a body as should be entrusted with the expenditure of money voted for works by Parliament As the result ot the official inquiry into the recent accident at Elsternwick, when a por- tion of a locomotive left the metals and blocked the line for nearly three hours, lock- ing bars are to be applied to the points at that station and also at balaclava, as the engines change ends of trains at both places. This should effectually prevent a recurrence of any such mishap. It ought to be added that the commissioners do not consider any officer blameable for tho accident. The Railway Commissioners, accompanied by Mr. Anderson, general traffic manager, Mr. Greene, engineer of existing lines, and Mr. Mirls, locomotive superintendent, will make a tour of inspection over the Goulburn Valley line today. Their chief object, how- ever, is to visit Numurkah for the purpose of making themselves thoroughly acquainted with the requirements of the district in the way of station and goods shed accommoda- tion. Numurkah is one of the best of the up-country contributors to the traffic and revenue of the Railway department, nnri the commissioners recently promised a deputation of residents that better arrangements ahould be made at the earliest opportunity. The commissioners will return to town to-night, after a trip of 10 hours' duration. Some time ago the Lunacy Commission wrote to the agent-general, requesting him" tor forward at His earliest convenience 'such -'llifdrriMtlon and' reports as might in his.' judgment be of service to the com- mission in their investigation. Mr.. It. Murray Smith replied by the last mail, stating, amongst other things, " At prescht, owing to the remarkable legal proceedings connected with the case of Mrs. Weldon, the whole question of the lunacy law is engaging very serious public attention, and in all pro- bability there will be a careful revision of the statutes on the subject ere long." A photograph ot the first medal struck for the Calcutta International Exhibition has been received by Mr, Janies Thomson from the executive committee. The medal, which waa designed and executed by Messrs. Wyon and Company, of London, is about two inches in diameter, and bears on the obverse beautifully-executed profile of the Queen as Empress of India, Orientalised only in the mutter of jewellery, Otherwise, the portrait is an acceptable one of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. The photograph of the medal has been placed on view in the window of Mr. Lindt's studio, Collins-street east. The cer- tificate which is to accompany each award iii a''purely Indian 'Produktion,'- and will ia iUeU'forrn an interesting souvenir of the .exhibition. The awards will probably be distributed in six weeks' time. A special meeting of the Professorial lioard of the Melbourne University was held In the Wilson-hall yesterday, to consider the complaint of the lecturer on the law of property (Mr. Gregory) as to the disorderly behaviour of students in his class. There were about 20 students present, who bud been requested to attend answer the complaints. The pre- sident occupied the chair. There were present, besides the members of the Professorial Hoard, the law lecturers. It appeared that certain of the students had been guilty of some absurd pranks recently. On one occasion they tried to prevent Mr. Gregory's entrance to the lecture- room by erecting a barrier ot chairs. Mr. Gregory forced the door open. He then noticed that the black board bore some caricatures. Desiring to efface these, he seized a dust cloth, when out jumped a kitten. On another occasion some of the students brought a live lizard into the lecture-room. Complaint was also made by Dr. Dobson that his lectures had been disturbed by the noisy and unruly conduct of the students. Then the students were called in and questioned, but without much result. After the retirement of the students, the board resolved that the class (law of property) be disbanded, unless or until the names of the offender or offenders be given up. The students, who had been summoned, were called back and informed of the decision arrived at From the Medical Times, of August we learn that "at a meeting of the Court of Examiners" of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, "held on the l_tb of July and the following dayB," certain gentlemen who had " passed their final ex- aminations for the letters testimonial and taken the declaration and signed the roll, were admitted licentiates of the college." The list contains the name of II. J, Pether ston, who is a son of Dr. Fetherston, a mem- ber of tho University Council. A difficulty has occurred in connexion with the conveyance of the Chiarini Circus troups to New Zealand. It was urranged that they were to be taken to Auckland by the s.S. Chang Chow, and preparation wbb made accordingly. It appears, however, that by certain regulations in connexion with the New Zealand Stock Act, passed in April of this year, no live stock can be landed at any New Zealand port from any vessel which has not been trading there for at least six months. As the Chang Chow has been en- gaged in voyaging between China and Aus- tralia, Bhe comes within the prohibition. The circus is thus in a difficulty. The Union Company's steamer Waihora, which leaves to-morrow, may possibly be available, but the desire was to go to Auckland direct, without stopping at intermediate ports. The trial of the action of the Colonial Bank v. Stanthorpe was concluded in the Supreme Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a jury of six The plain- tiffs sued to recover a sum of ¿'500 on a gua- rantee given by the defendant to secure an overdraft, to be given to the firm of John Gregoryrfind Co., ot Horsham: The defence was that the guarantee had been obtained by a fraudulent misrepresentation with the knowledge of the oflicials of the bank, that the guarantee was a matter of form, and that it was not intended to be enforced. The jury gave a verdict for the plantilla for the amount claimed, with interest, £511) 17s. . Evidence was taken in the Equity Coutt yesterday in a suit of Morrtstei/ v. Clement». The plaintiff Is the administratrix of the estate of Michael Morrissey, a farmer, at Whorouly, and she seeks tit redeem á transfer of land made by her late husband to the defendant, Richard Clements. The plaintiff alleges that the transfer was made only to secure an advance made by the defendant upon the property. The defence was that Clements had purchased all Morrisaey's in- terest in the land, aud that it was intended that the transfer to him should bo an abso- lute one. After Borne witnesses had been examined, the case was adjourned till next day. The monthly meeting of the Melbourne Shakspeare Society was held on Friday night, at the hall of the Equitable Co-operative Society. The president (Professor Morris) took the chair, and announced that there were now 250 members in the society, and that Mr. Gerald Massey had been elected on honorary member. All the papers at the meeting were concerned with tho play of "Macbeth," and it was announced that the Bame plan would be followed next time, the play chosen being "Romeo and Juliet" The first two papers were by Dr. Neild, on the "Physique of Lady,Macbeth," and by Mr. Newham, tutor of Trinity College, on the " Character of Lady Macbeth." Both took what may be described as the feminine view of Lady Macbeth rather than the masculine, Dr. Neild maintaining that the popular notion of Lady Macbeth was drawn from the representations of her by the majestic Mrs. Siddons, who, however, had left on record her opinion, with which Dr. Neild was inclined to coincide, that Lady Macbeth was a "little blue-eyed woman with golden hair." Some discussion followed, in which Canon Potter, Mr. Deakin, and others took part. " The Porter Scene " was treated by Mr. Way, the head master of Wesley College, in a paper of much thought and con- siderable beauty of expression. Mr. Way by no means agreed with Coleridge, that Shak- speare did not write the scene. Mr. Finnamore read a paper to prove that Harrison Ains- worth, in the " Lancashire Witches," and Shelley, in the " Cenci," had borrowed not a little from "Macbeth." Mr. David Blair made a short- speech " On the Passion of Remorse in the Play." Mr. P. J. Duggan contended that Banquo's ghost ought not to be represented on the stage in solid flesh, as lately at the Theatre Royal, but that, as only visible to Macbeth, its presence should be inferred. Another speaker suggested that the ghost should be made to appear by scientific means, such as those which pro- duced "Pepper's Ghost." Mr. T. Kales read a thoughtful paper on the three chief charac- ters of the play, and Mr. James Smith a general paper on the " Supernatural Element in the Play." The meeting closed with a discussion on the fancy that Macbeth himself was the third murderer of Banqno, Mr. E. L. Hayden reading for that view a paper contributed by a lady member whose name did not transpire, and Dr. Wilson a short paper against it. The whole proceedings lasted about two hours and a half, and the attendance was very large. At the annuul meeting in connexion with the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, which was held intheAssembly-halllastnight, SirUeorge Verdon made a warm appeal to the church- men of Melbourne to do their duty to their bishop, and act more generously towards the scheme of their church than they had hitherto done. A collection in aid of the fund realised £40, Sir George contributing £25. The Committee of the Victorian Rowing Association met yesterday evening, the prin- cipal business transacted being in connexion with the concert to take place shortly in the Town-hall. In answer to a request for the I Governor's patronage, a reply was received from Viscount Castlerosae, A.D. C, intimating that His Excellency was engaged for the evening of the 20th, but not for the 27th inst. A fuithcr letter lind therefore been sent, that the committee would gladly post- pone the entertainment if His Excellency would accord his patronage for the latter date. It was decided that the annual meeting of the association should be held at Gunsler's Café on Friday evening, 3rd October, and the honorary secretnry was asked to notify to the rowing clubs that the nominations for the four vacancies caused by the retirement alphabetically of Messrs. Armstrong, Brown, Duncan, and Gaggin, should be in his hands 14 clear days betöre the meeting took place,' or left for bim at Young and Jackson's Hotel on or before the 18fti inst, mid also to state that by the rules the nominator and seconder must be members of the association. The meeting then adjourned to the evening of the 18th inst. The magnolia bed at the Botanical-gardens has during the past week presented a very fine appearance, severul dilTeient trees of that order being in flower nt the same time. Those now in bloom are the Chinese and Japanese varieties, upon which the flowers anticipate the foliage, and when seen at their best each tree is a mass of colour. The finest of them, Magnolia Zulan, has passed its best stage. Purpurea, the darkest of the order, varieB in cslour from the richest crim- son to pale pink, nnd will be in full bloom a few days hence. Superba is lighter in colour, but very handsome ; and Spectabilis is nearly white. The magnolia group is in the higher part of the grounds. Lady Loch has kindly intimated her wil- lingness to become patroness of the Young Women's Christian Association. We take the following paragraph from the Church of England Menncnger for the present month :-" In a former number we remarked upon the great progress the church has made in this diocese during the episcopate of our present bishop. In nenrly every par- ticular to which we direct attention we lind that tho diocese of Melbourne in 1881 sur- passes the undivided diocese of the previous decade. In other words, the present half exceeds the former whole. No doubt we owe much to the advance the colony has made in material prosperity, but we piobably owe ' much more to the remarkable gifts and energy of the bishop himself, which have made themselves felt from Melbourne to the remotest parts of the diocese. It must not be forgotten, however, that the price, as well as the acquisition, has been large, for everybody knows that the bishop has been working at a high pressure that cannot, in the course of nature, be maintained. Neither should we overlook the fact that the great northern district needs a closer episcopal watchfulness than can possibly be given it under existing circumstances. We tiusr, therefore, that the Church Assembly will bear these facts in mind at the forthcoming session, and will not separate without taking initiatory steps to form a third diocese in Victoria, embracing the nrchdeaconrfes of Sandhurst and Beechworth, or a greater part of them. The time is propitious for doing this. We shall shortly obtain a considerable addition to the revenue of our consolidated fund, and it will be within the power of the Church Assembly to make such large conces sions to the proposed new diocese as would establish it on a sound financial basis." Mr. Gerald Massey will give his third lecture at the Athenreum this evening, the subject being "The Life, Character, and Genius of Thomas Hood." On account of the detective acoustic properties ot the hall having occasioned inconvenience to those of his former audiences who occupied certain central seats, a platform has been erected at the side of the building. General G. A. Sheridan will deliver a lecture at the Town-hall this evening, on Abraham Lincoln, the Martyr President,' for the benefit of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association. Mr. M. 0. Spencer, Consul-General for the United States, will take the chair. Friends", was repeated at the Princess's Theatre loH.night before n amull, but appre- ciative audience. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner for the first time undertook the character of Mrs. Dawson, and presented it in a somewhat new light, with the defect of being overdrawn as compared with previous representations. Her Mrs. Dawson is more unreserved, not to say more forced and effusive, in her kindnesses to her young friend, and yet later on more harsh in feeling, and more uniformly sor- rowful, without adequate effort to conceal her feelings from those around her. There was a want of variation in her temperaments, and a luck of real depth and earnestness of feeling, which deprived the third act more particularly ot its effectiveness. Mr., Redwood's Markham bids fair to develope and improve. Mr. Titheradge's Dr, Thompson meets with tho warmest approbation, and Mr. Flemming's Robert Dawson, also, with a large measure of approval The comedy is played "closely,'] and, ns u whole, briskl), and appears to baie every pro .peet of ii successful rcu.al To night Miss Annie Major will le appear as Mrs Dawson, and Miss Jennv Watt 'launer and herself will continue to pluj the part on alternate evenings 'i he Bijou T heatre lins week is the scene of "morelnBt »ords " Musl'meheMehille is making her final appearances previous to her departure with her company for India. "Oirolli Giralia was gi\en last night with customary grace and infinite spitit in the presence ot a well pleased audience To night Miss Melville will play m "Ihe llohemian Girl ' We hnve received lroni Mr Otto Berliner, for the blind widow Mrs Smith, £3 18s. including £2 2s from Archbishop Goold and £lls IromMr V C Carter We haie recenetl from the Australasian Mortgage and Agemy Compiny Limited two cheques for £18 bs (id mid £9 5s , bem¿ the amount of the gross receipts for entrance to the sheep Bales held m their stores The former is to be gi.en to the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society and the latter to the St Kilda Ladies' Beneiolent Socictj A sile ot Crow n land in Coppin, Highett, and ? phj streets Richmond, will be held to da Messrs. Gemmell, luckett, and Co Dr Beaney addressed about 700 people m the Mechanics hall, Williamstown, last night, and was accoidcd a qood reception Mr J Jobson, major of Williamstown, occupied the chair On the motion of Mr D Aitken, seconded by Mi W H. Roberts, a vote ot confidence was earned Mr Munro will address the lectors of the North Yarra Province nt the Town hall, Fitzroy this evening at8oclo_l- The com- mittee is invited by advertisement to meet at at the rooms, St George s road, at half past 7 to morrow evening, to make final arrange ments 'Hie number of visitors to the National Museum of Natural History and Geology for the week endiug 6th September was 1,448 A mmstiel entertuinment on behalt of the South Melbourne Lawn lennis Club will bo held this evening in the Alcchunics' Institute, -.ii excellent programme has been prepurcd lbe Unixcrsal Minstrels aie advertised to re appear at the Mechanics Institute, \\\ ii liamstown, to night Ihe memorial stone of the Albert park Presbyterian schoolroom was laid on Satur day last by the lte\ 'I liornas L Ich, MAA Inrgc numbgr of friends assembled to witness the ceremony '1 lie chairman on the occa Bion was tile Rev James Ballantyne, and addresses wqre delivered by the masters of the neighbourhood A handsome silver tiowel, the gift of the trustees was presented to the Re\ Mr Ick by Mr Henry Buckhurst, the architect of the building The stone hawng been laid, the choir rendered an appropriate anthem The oflerlnga placed upon the stone at the conclusion ot the cere mony amounted to £21 A public meeting for the advocacy of the principles of total abstinence w ill be held in the Tempeiance hall, Russell street, this evening, when addresses will be delivered by Messrs W M Iv Vale, R Richardson, M L A , mid J W Menden Songs and reel tations will be given by several lady and gentleman amateurs during the evening Miss L Laughton presiding at the piano '1 he chair mil be occupied by Mr Jas Walters The following is the report of the Mel bourne Hospital for Sick Children for the week ending September b -Patients in hos pital at beginning ot week, 2b, dismissed during week, 2, admitted, 4, died, 0 , re maimng, 28, total out patients for week, .150. new cases, C8 , casualties, 24 '1 he following was the number of cases re lteved wecklj bj the committee of the Mel bourne Ladies* Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending September 2 -iamihes, 595 (numbering I,4't9 individuals), comprising Widows, S4G , siek and infirm, 103 , deserted wives, 44, wiles» whose husbands are u) prison, (J, wives whose husbands arc absent, 8, wi\es.whose husbands are partial.) em plojed, 14 , do unemployed, 10, aged couples, 24, single women 40 Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, 1103 Cs 8d Con tnbutions thankfully recencd, and informa tion given by the bon treasurer, Mrs Dunn, 17 1 ho Avenue, Windsor, by any member ot committee, hythe secretnrj, 4 Jackson street, St Kilda or bj the collector, Mr Matthew \\\ n¿ht, 4 Bennett street, North Fitzroy. Tho committee thankfully acknowledge parcels ot clothing from "A Z , ' "L N B T , ' and 'Anonjmou8 per Messrs Beauchamp, who kindly receive parcels of clothing, blankets, i-c , at their ollice, 14 Collins street west, for the society 