SERMONS FOR THE TIMES, On Sunday evening, at Christ Church, the Rev. J. M. Donaldson continued his course of special sermons, tlie subject being " A review of the principal objections made by infidels against the Bible as a divine revelation," Taking for his text 2nd Timothy iii., 16— " All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness"— Mr. Donaldson said, that these words of St. Paul to Timothy, as well as other references to Holy Scripture, such as our Lord's words, "Search the scriptures," and St. Peter's words, " The prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost,' referred exclusively to the Old Testament, the New Testament not yet having been written. Considering the wideness of the subject and the impossibility of treating it fully within the reasonable limits of one sermon, he would confine his remarks to the Old Testament. It formed the foundation of the New Testament, and, therefore, objections against the one were equally objections against the other, whilst a refutation of the objections in one case would apply, at least in some measure, to the other. The subject was thus narrowed down to a consideration of some of the objections made by infidels to that portion of the Bible called the Old Testament. The word " infidel" was not used in any offensive sense, but simply according to its meaning, as an unbeliever in the inspiration of the Bible, and in the Christian religion. He admitted the right of men to be infidels if intelligent enquiry and honest conviction forced upon them that conclusion, though he thought it was more frequently the result of prejudice and lack of knowledge of the sub ject. He also admitted that amongst that class were to be found men of the greatest knowledge and ability and the most estimable character. Why two persons equally able, learned, and honest should draw the most opposite conclusions from the same fact was one of the greatest mysteries of the human mind. But so it was ; and not only in religion but also in law, in the estimate of evidence by judges and juries, in medicine in regard to the symptoms of disease, and in other depart ments of science. Yet, whether right or wrong, a man was bound by his own view of a subject, his own honest convictions, but as these were the judgment of the miud accord ing to its condition and knowledge, a different conclusion might be reached by the same per son through the removal of prejudice or the increase of information. The first question to be considered was— What is the Bible ? No one would deny that it was a book altogether unique ; in its distinguishing fea tures it stood absolutely alone amongst the millions of books which had been written. In one respect it might be compared with a certain class of books which, like itself, had been the foundation and outcome of a parti' cular religion, as the Zend-Avesta, the Vedas, the philosophy of Confucius, or the Koran. But there was a clear distinction between it and them of a two-fold kind, extrinsic or intrinsic, easily understood. They were each the work of one mind, thus naturally securing historical and doctrinal unity. But the Bible was the production of about forty different minds, living iu different countries, and ex tending over a period of 1,700 years. Yet there is a common purpose and strict unity of design running through all, as if these many different miuda were somehow uuder the supervision of one master mind pervading all. This was what was understood by the inspjr ration of the Bible—the Divine Spirit acting upon the human mind in such a way as to reveal truth not otherwise obtainable, to pre serve from error in what, was revealed or recorded without interfering with the natural ability, character, and individuality of each writer. The theory of inspiration alone could account for the Bible. The different views of inspiration, verbal and plenary, were then discussed, the latter being approved as aloqe tenable, whilst it was pointed out that neither in the Bible nor by any Church had a dog matic definition been given on the subject. The preacher then proceeded to state and to examine some of the objections urged against the Bible as a divine revelation. These might be divided into two classes — scientific and moral. These were all of comparatively re cent date, the result of the mental activity and scientific research mainly of the present century. They had mostly been answered by bringing fresh light to bear on the text, which usually brought the meaning into harmony with the latest development of human knowledge. The Bible was compared to the aun and interpretations to a sun-dial. The dial might be wrongly set, and therefore would not give the true solar time, but the remedy belonged to the dial and not to the sun. So it was with Scripture interpretation. The Bible, like the sun, remained ever the same. Let men correct as they may find necessary from time to time their interpreta tions, and so set the dial true to the sun. The principal objections were stated as fol lows—The geological difficulty in reference to the Mosaic record of creation, the deluge, the passage through the Red Sea, the speaking of Balaam's ass, the sun standing still a whole day whilst Joshua defeated the enemies of Israel, the swallowing of Jonah by a whale and his safe landing three days afterwards, the fruitless attempt to burn in a furnace the three pious Hebrews in Babylon, Daniel in the den of lions and his strange deliverance. There were many more minor objections, but these were the principal ones. Some of them admitted of easy explanation, so perhaps could not be explained at all, and some could be explained only on the theory of divine and miraculous interposition. With regard to the Mosaic record of creation, the science of geology, which has had its birth in the present century, completely and conclusively upset the generally-received belief. This was, that the world and all things on it were in six days, that each day was just twenty- four hours, and that it was all completed in a week, less than 6,000 years ago. For a time infidels found great cause of triumph here— geology had done for the Mosaic record. But what was the result of this fresh light being thrown on the record? To show that in man's ignorance the record had been misun derstood, that all it really told us was, the order in which creation proceeded and the number of distinct periods into which it was divided, which geology did not in the least contradict but fully confirmed. The length of the period called a " day " and the system of chronology imported into the Bible formed no part of the Mosaic record. Here, then, Moses and geology, which had been set against each other through ignorance, were made true friends by a better knowledge and acquain tance. So with regard to the Deluge. That there had been a drowning of the world for the wickedness of the inhabitants thereof was not only part of a divine revelation, but attested by the traditions of different nations who had never beard of the Bible. Science said it could not possibly have been universal. Science sometimes spoke rashly in regard to revelation, sometimes spoke untruly, and had to recall its words; but supposing this utter ance true, it would meet the requirements of the case to suppose the deluge only co-extensive with human life, which probably at that time was confined to a comparatively small area, extending from the original centre. The objection to the standing still of the sun in obedience Joshua was considered the most difficult to deal with of all. To suppose that the sun stood still, or as we now under- stand it,that the earth stood still, was altogether untenable. That the thing was within the limits of Omnipotence could not be denied, but there was nothing in t he circumstances to render such an act of Omnipotence in the least credible, and it was quite safe to say that such a thing had never taken place. That there was some foundation for the story and that it admitted of some explanation reconcilable with astronomy might fairly be admitted, but what that was we did not not know. It deserved to be noted that the story had come into the Bible at second-hand,j and was taken from a record called " the book of Jasher," and may have been transcribed by a later hand as a received trandition, with out the accompanying explanation. The speaking of Balaam's Ass contradicted no law of nature, and came within the region of the miraculous, which formed an essential element in Holy Scripture. To this class also belonged the dividing of the Red Sea, the three Hebrews in the furnace, and Daniel in the den of lions. Admit, which you must do, the existence of an Almighty Being, showing himself in the teaching and training of the infancy of this earthly family which he had created and there need be no difficulty in believing all this. The case of Jonah was different. That it really happened we were bound to believe from our Lord's reference to it as a type of liimself. And his resurrection and that of Lazarus were events equally superhuman. The physical impossibility of a whale swallowing a man had been made much of. But we are not told it was a whale at all, but " a great fish," which is translated in the revised version of the New Testament a " sea monster." It was very strong evi dence of the truth of these strange events that they were recorded at all, and believed by the people who lived nearest to the time. No one would have invented them, no people would have received such invention, but fact was sometimes stranger than the wildest fiction. With regard to the objection to the Bible on the score of morality, this was urged on account of the coarseness of the language sometimes used as well as some of its teach ing. It was important to distinguish between what wag coarse and what had an immoral tendency. Many things written and said were coarse but not immoral, many immoral but not coarse. By the word coarse was only meant speaking of natural functions and operations of the human body in a plain descriptive way, as is now done only in medical books. But the question of what was coarse or not was one of country and custom. It is certain the Jews for whom and by whom the book was written did not and do not at this day object to any part of it on this ground. It might safely be affirmed that no person was ever prompted to a desire or to a deed of immorality by reading the Bible. How could this possibly be in a book containing the ten commandments, the standard of all morality, aud the highest rule of life for humanity in all ages and countries, and with which all its teaching corresponds ? Its precepts were holy, just, and good. It elevated one nation above all the nations of the earth. It re corded the lives of some of the greatest and best men that had ever shed lustre on our race. Its writings had been the guide, in structor, and comfort of millions of earnest pious souls. Well did St. Paul speak of this book as God's greatest gift to the Jews, and their greatest blessing—" Chiefly because that unto them were committed the oracles of God." And justly did he claim for it a divine origin, and that it was all " given by inspiration of God, and was profitable for doctrine, for re proof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." 