The Pleasures of a Poultry Yard. THOSE persons who prefer a regular supply of eggs will deal with the looal egg merchant, and the philo sophical acquaintance thus aoquired with the differ ent varieties of the common egg will amply compen sate for the loss of the other advantages. Eggs are commercially divided, acoording to descending scale of merit, into the new-laid egg, the fresh egg, the "breakfast egg, the cooking egg, and the egg, and tho less said about the last the better, for its flavour is generally quite strong enough to stand upon its own demerits. Darwin, in his own inimitable manner, has devoted an argument as inordinately long as the cook's own taU-feather to proving tho antiquity of our breeds of fowls. But granting the antiquity of the fowl race, it must bo confessed that oonturies of domestication have pro duced a poor result. Tho hen is Btill an mourabie idiot. So shrewd an observer as Gilbert White (says the WHITEHALL BEVIEW) considered that his neigh bour's fowls- " discovered more sagaoity than could be expected," by watching for the waggons of wheat. Arguing by analogy, ha was doubtless agreeably sur prised that they did not watoh for waggons of coal. But the everyday behaviour of the " common " or .?garden" hen is a slur upon nature. She reconnoitres the neighbour's cabbages with telescopio neok in everlasting expectation that some terrific enemy is about to rush out upon her. She executes intricate strategical move ments around the empty dog-kennel, full to her of horrid barking and growling possibilities ; but when the dog returns she is generally sleeping inside, and bolts out like a cannon ball " all feathers and flurry." She èxoavateB dust-baths in the middle of the road, and only avoids being run over by a series of miraca- I lons evanishments. Finally, she loses her way in the kitchen garden, clucking woefully ; whence, neverthe less, it takes two men and a boy, with a bushel bf stones and a broom, to eject her. . épisodes of her daily lifo that a hen's behaviour is open to objeotion. Eaoh ogg that ehe lays appears to strike her# as some alarming novelty 5 for, after going into retirement for a^while in the morning, ehe is suddenly heard, announcing, with loud and hurried lamentation, that " there 1 is 1 Home ! thing ! in 1 the J these comparatively thrilling nest il As a matter of fast, tho egg in question is only an ordinary breakfast egg without any points about it different from other eggs. Its nature or appearanoe makes no manner of difference. Still, after such an unnecessary display of feeling, the authoress of the egg and the farmyard generally might be expected to take some in terest in its future. Not so, however ; for next morn ing, on returning to the nest for her constitutional excitement, the old grey hen is quite satisfied to find the box of straw empty or tenatedonly by some china deception, a half-brick, or a brass door handle. For the cock or male fowl, little need, or indeed can, be said. He is of large size and small impor tance. He is the husband of the hens, and the fewer of him in a farm-yard the better. When young he is good to eat ; later on he bcoomes enoased in a network of whipoord and muscles. His j oints freeze together, and his thigh-bones assumo preposterous dimensions. Then, as far as society in general is concerned, he exists merely as a nuisance, a loud voice on two legs, atrombons m feathers, with an unconscionable pre dilection for the small hours of the morning. He has obviously degenerated under cultivation, for Mahomet placed an enormous oook in the first heaven and no prophet, however false, -would have made his paradise ridiculous by the introduction of an exag gerated modern Coohm-China. Luoian's cook used to open doors and looks and shoot bolts with a feather of his tail, and Paraoelsus has affirmed that in his days many men wore forowarnod by familiar spirits in the shape of cocks. Familiar spirits would not con descend" to behave so now. Even tho old ghosts that " faded," Uko Hamlet's father, " at tho crowing; of tho cook, " exist no longer in this bustling century, and the only thing that now gonerally fados at the crowing of tho cock is all hopo of sleep. 