ORIGINAL POETRY. THE WIVES OF WEINSBERG. In the verdant Suabian valley lovely little Weinsbeng lies, Like a brown lark of the meadow ere to greet the mom ehe flies. On the quaint and old-world village Kight bath pressed the kbs of peace. As upon a sleeper's forehead, hiding wildest memories 1 From the nigged hill above it frowns the ruin'd castle down, Like a ghost that from the past still seems to guard the sleeping town. Buin'd towers and gloomy donjon! many a wild deed have ye viewed Since the Boman Emperor Probus reared yon in a solitude. Murder, rapine, lust, and slaughter failing from some baleful star On the hearths and homes of Welnsbcrg In the cruel Peasant War. Bage of noble, rage of henchman, vicing each in omiesdire, ... While their fierce eyes watched the victim leaping at the torture fire. But a sweeter, nobler memory lightens o'er the mouldering walls. And the European wanderer to the sacred ruins calls. Though seren centuries have faded ne'er the story ■fi«n grow old Of the noble wives of Weinsbetg, who did Love prefer to gold. Many s weary day the castle had tho siege of Conrad stood, Till the reliant Cuelph, its loader, felt, and bathed the ground with blood. With no hope of aucoour nigh them, with a martial host before, Soon the fortress mint be yielded, the unequal fight be o'er. Then the women cried, " Our foeman bath a generous soul if stern; Let us for our lives beseech him, it may be his heart will turn." Soon a crowd of weeping matrons through the gates have ta'eu their way, Hoblest mingling with the lowliest. Grief alone hath rank to-day. In Us tent sits Emperor Conrad, hears the sad peti tion rise— " Spare us, lard, and spare our dear ones ; take what else your soldiers prise." Swift replies the haughty monarch, "Ido not on women war; Free and safe bum Weinberg Oastie shall ye to the town repair. " But, by Heaven, the rocreant traitors stho with stand t my lawful right, They have dared the wrath of Conrad, they shall feel it in its might I " If to-night the castle's yielded, then can pass at break of morn Every woman, with what treasure may be on her shoulders borne." High that night the wineand wassail ruled through out the viator host; Crept on leaden feet the bouts to the hearts had waged and lost Shines at last the fateful morning. Lo! what sad procession comes Down the biU bom Wetnsberg Oaitle, 'mid no stirring beat ef drams T live for ever writ of woman! Every wife the towers hold Marches; beartag on her shoulders stoutly her defender bald. • At their head the Duchess Ota proudly carries wounded Goelph; " Here," she cries, ** my dearest treasure, dearer far than life itself r " Broken faith f cries fierce Duke Frederick. " Let the soldiers have their will V "Kay," outspeaks the noUoConrad, "kingly void is sacred atHL "Leave to bear their dearest treasures the wives of Weinsbesx did 1 give; Since their husbands are such treasure*, bid the ransomed husbands live!" So it runs, the pleasant story that enshrines each ahatter'd tower. " Weibertrctie "* is the castle called In memory of the hour. Melbourne. E. B. LOUGHBAN. * Woman's feithlnlne 