SCIENCE. SCIENTIFIC GOSSIP. London, 18th April. It maybe assamed thotDr. Koch has com pleted hie researches into the origin of cholera, for his latest report Bnms up tho evidence he has accumulated, and he now for the first time gives it as bis' unhesitating opinion that the baeilloB he discovered is the true cause of the disease. - Heretofore he has confined him self to a statement of facts, reserving his judgment. His latest investigations relate to the cultivation of the bacilli ; to their be havior in the bodies of patients in tho dif ferent stages of the attack, and to the further examination of patients dying of other diseases. The bacilli have not been found in the bodies of any other than cholera patients, and in these it has never boon absent. The organisms confine themselves to the bowel which is the seat of the disease ; their first appearance coincides with the commencement of the disease, their increase is proportional to its advance, and their disappearance corre sponds with its decline. It has been found that the linen of cholera patients, soiled with their discharges, and kept moist for twenty- four hours, has been the seat of an extraor dinary multiplication of the organisms, and the same thing was observed when the dis charges were Bpread on blotting paper or any wet toxtile surface. The soil on whioh infected matter was discharged was speedily converted into a mass of cholera bacilli. Dr. Koch also tntned his attention to the circumstances which were nnfavorablo to the multiplication or existence of the organism. He.found that the bacilli die off rapidly when dried, three hours' desiccation being sufficient to destroy all traces of them. He found also that the bacilli will only grow in alkaline solu tions, and that a very small quantity of free acid will stand in the way of their development. The healthy stomach is supposed to contain a sufficient amount of acid to destroy the bacilli, a fact which may account for the escape of many who are in direct communication with the sick. The fact also points to tho probability of the discovery of a therapeutic agent which will serve as a preventive of the disoase, or even for its cure. It may also account for the large number of those who fall victims to the . disease after a preliminary attack of diarrhoea, such an attack having no direct connection with cholera, but merely enfeebling the stomach, and preparing the digestive organs for the invasion of the greater enemy. Dr. Koch has failed in his attempts to impart the disease to the lower animals by administering the bacilli to them in various ways ; but thiB throws no discredit on his conclusions, for as . animals do not take cholera in tho natural way, it it not to bo wondered at that they resist artificial attempts to impart it to them. The evidence in favor Of Dr. Koch's views ap pears to he complete, but medical men gener ally will be disposed to regard it as merely ex parte. In that case it is incumbent upon them to lake up the case on the other side, now that he has left off. There is much yet to. bo done in the way of elucidating the. truth. Among other things, an inquiry into the chemical reactions of a rice diet with a defi ciency of salt is suggested. It is just possible that the salt tax may have something to do with tho persistency of the disease in India, fifty years ago it was accepted as a fact that the mnriatic acid of the stomach was derived from the decomposition of common salt. Whatever salt there is in the soil is as similated by the herbivorous animals, and tho carnivorous animals get this salt at second hand. The Hindoos are not meat eaters, and their allowance of salt may be altogether in- adequate. Nothing has been said about Dr. Koch's own treatment of cholera patients, but it Is certainly unreasonable to find fanlt with him for devoting his whole attention to one objeot of inquiry, and leaving the question of treatment to others. It will be a reproach to medical professors if they do not either act upon Dr. Koch's revelations, or give sufficient reason for neglecting them. The Dialectic Society lately invited contri butions descriptive of authentic ghostly ap pearances, with a view to their investigation. The scantiness of the information so far obtained is understood to be far from satisfac tory. Some of tho respondents to the invita tion have preferred to make their revelations direct to the public through the newspapers. One of them is particularly Interesting, relating as it does to the supposed reappearance of a deceased gentleman known by reputation in the colonies as woll as in London — Mr. E. T. Smith, who was for Borne years leasee of Drnry- iane. Theatre. The account is furnished by Mr. .T. H. Cobbett, & friend of the family, who made, a visit of condolence to tho widow two days after tho death of her husband. Ho found her and the two children and the servant in a vary hysterical stale. They solemnly affirmed that, about an hour before, the corpse bad-knocked at the street door. The servant b'pened It/ and'iristantly' fainted." -The widow her' deqd husb'and'fl'yotcj) moat distinctly and so bad the two children and aJady visitor, On'tbe 'servant's recovery tho ghopt had van- isheg, ,'Tjie 'fyi&nce; wafT complete. " Before MrCobbfctt left .there , was, another knock, ai>d it was at pncoTecogtrised by tho widOw laa hor jjrih Kusharid's, TJio' maid servant 'declared she cohldl- not fepei tire ghpst agto,' q$ hfr. C. went to the door. There, sure enough, stood tho dead man on the steps, dressed about the same as he had seen him for several years. Mr. C. mustered up enough courago to say— "Come in, Mr. Smith." The response was, ' 0 1 I may come . in now, may I ? When I was here before you all seemed out of your senses, so I sloped. Pray wben do you bury my brother 5" The story carries its own moral, but for the benefit of tho crodulnoB, who cling to their beliefs with extraordinary tenacity, it may be well to quote Mr. Cobbett's comment " Tho ghost was a twin brother, who had been out of England for somo years. He was totally unknown to tho widow, who, in fact, had never heard of his existence, the brothers having quarrelled and parted a long time ago. Having seen a notice of tho death in the Times, he had resolved to attend the funeral as chief monrner. This he did, and every one was struck by bis likeness to his lato brother, both in voice and person. Now, if the old gentle man had taken offence at what ho might have considered the scurvy treatment received on his first visit, 'sloped,' as he called it, and never shown himself any more, what a perfect case of supernatural appearance would have been ready for record in the next edition of Mis. Crowe's Niyht Svle of A'ature, or Mr. Newton Crosland'B Queer Spirit Book. No doubt every unexplained ghost story has a twin brother in it if you could only find him," The spiritualists are satisfied with very slight evidence in support of supernatural phenomena, but are very exacting in their de mand for conclusive testimony in rebnttai. Some years ago there was a discussion among them as to the materialised drapery of the spirits, and one of these spirits was requested to cut if a portion of her dress and loave it for inspection. The request was obligingly complied with, and the specimen was regarded with eyes of wonder. A matter of fact soft goods man who was present Baw at once that the calico had been dressed with lime in the Manchester fashion, and he said so. The spiritualists were not satisfied with this very positive evidence, and they put it aside with the remark that it merely presented a diffi culty which would have to be surmounted. If tho world of spirits could oulv be persuaded to follow the fashion Bet them by this particular spirit, what an enormous impetus would be given to the Manchester trade 1 Among the wonderful effects attributed to tbo Krakatoa eruption is the improvement of tho coffee crop in Ceylon. It is supposed that the coffee plants were so plentifully dusted with sulphur that the fungus which previously infested them was killed off. It was pro. viously known that sulphur was the most reliable remedy for the disease, and it was thought that if a simultaneously universal application of sulphur could be managed the disease might be exterminated. Well ! the eruption of Krakatoa filled the air with sulphur, and tho desired effect has been produced. Such is the supposition ; but it is only a supposition. It is not assorted, as a matter of fact, that any sulphur has been found in the air, on the plants, or on the ground. On the whole, the pre- Bomption is against the theory, but there is nothing like proof either way. It is not even distinctly stated that the fangus has dis appeared; all that can be arid Ib that there has been an improvement in tho crop, and tbe only evidence of this is a single paragraph in a private letter. The fact is worthy of being noted, for comparison with subsequent revela tions — nothing more. The improvement may have been merely a coincidence i and although it must have had a cause, or causes, the rationale is not easily discoverable, and may baffle investigation. Perhaps the meteoric dust theorists will have something to say on the subject. There is a prevalent idea that flowers grown in the dark are devoid of color. This, it seemB, is a mistake, or at least only partially tree. Plants so grown lose theirgreen, but that color is rarely present in the flower. Mr. John Stone tried an experiment with a hyacinth bulb, whichjhe placed in absolute darkness just as it showed BiguB of Bprouting. He was re warded with a cluster of dark purple flowers, in which the intensity and brilliancy of the colors were not excelled by those of a bulb ex posed to full' daylight ; but the stem, leaves and footstalk were devoid of green. The same bulb was allowed next season to flower in the usual way, but the cluster wrs not so large nor the color quite so deep. The offectof darkness on green and purple having been thus ascertained, its influence on other colors oan only be as. certained by a series of similar experiments. For some months past there has been mnch talk and some excitement respecting an ex pedition on a grand scale to New Guinea. It was to have been condnctod by Mr. Powell, and was patronised by the Royal Geographical Society. No doubt of tbe successful realis ation of the enterprise has ever been ex pressed, .and it was therefore with surprise that the announcement of the indefinite aban donment of the scheme was received. Tbe reason assigned is that the money required was not forthcoming. The fact is discreditable, but it is impossible to suppose that the diffi culty was insurmountable, unlsss there was some lukewaremesa op. tiro part of. ttio' prihV cicala who first made the nrouosition. .. .. ' CEDIPUS. 