.ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Br THE GHbsT.) For twonights of the week the Legislative Council has been occupied with the bill for amalgamating the two branches of the legal profession. The usually monotonous course of procedure of that august body has been diversified by the appearance at the table of the House of two County Court judges, and at the bar of several barristers and attorneys, called upon to give their opinion in regard to the probable working of the proposed measure. As a matter of course a great diversity of opinion wae shown by the witnesses examined. One amusing incident occurred during the ex amination of one of the legal gentlemen. Judge Quinlan was called by the sup porters of the bill, under the impression that lie was in favour of its provisions. The learned gentleman, however, expressed himself as strongly opposed to the mea sure, eliciting from one of the honourable members who had called him before the Committee the paif remark, "I think we have summoned the wrong witness." The judges of the Supreme Court have not yet pronotinced their opinion. Their dictum when given will go a long way towards settling the fate of the bill. 'In the Assembly the time of honourable members has been chiefly devoted to the Land Bill and the estimates, with both of which fair progress has been made thanks to the policy adopted by the Min istry of postponing all the clauses and items to which objection' is taken to some more convenient season. Taught by ex perience, the Government has learned that in nine cases out of ten a "warmed :up'" debate is never a "lhot one." The French have a proverb which alleges that sin amour rechauff ns vaul jasnais 'isa,.aid the same may be said in regard to a post poned vote, set aside for opposition. .In the majority of instances the items which if pressed would have provoked long and tedious discussion, are passed sub silentio. Honourable members, in addition to for warding the Government business, showed a' large amount of diligence, no fewer tlan eight bills being either introduced or ad vanced a stage during the period allotted on Wednesday to " private business." None of the proposed legislation is of an important kind, if the bill to abolish the present Officials in Parliament Act be excepted. Mr. Bent is desirous. of opening the doors of both Houses to placemen. Were he to effect the object of his desire, it is tolerably certain that before very long every one of the people's 'representatives would be pro vided with a snug Government " billet" in addition to'his "honorarium?" Provi 'dence, it is said, helps those who help themselves, and most assuredly honourable members would 'do their best towards en listing' the assistance of Providence, . Perhaps one of the causes thlst expedited business was the desire to afford the Scots Church Severance Bill its usual 'fort nightly outing. Mr.'.Nimmo and' M'r. Pearson were the only two speakers, the former "orating" against, and the latter in favour of the measure. Mr. Pearson was at his best, and his speech displayed not, only the scholarship, knowledge of church history, and eloquence for which he has earned a well-merited reputation, but a spirit of moderation, and a desire to conciliate, with which,fgenerally speaking, the learned Professor has not proved him self to be endowed. The debate was ad journed for the next two weeks on the motion of Mr. Mirams,and as that gentleman has a penchant for talking, it may safely be predicted that he will monopolise the entire evening, and thus play into the hands of the opponents of the measure by delaying the progress of the bill. Whether those tactics will avail the anti- Strong party remains to be seen. They may eventuate in a temporary victory, but will assuredly not ensure ultimate success. No fresh cases of small-pox have been reported to the authorities, and it is hoped that the dread visitor has been finally banished from our midst. The hot, dry winds we have been experiencing of late have, no doubt, exerted a beneficial effecdt in ridding us of the baccille tovwheso pre sence the spread of the disease is said, by savants, to be traceable.. In support of this hypothesis, it may be mentioned that small-pox has been spreading in Sydney, and that up to the present time our New South Wales neighbours have not ex perienced a genuine " brick- fielder." Can it be that the "north wind" of Australia' is sent us to prove that what we deem curses are often really only " blessingsin disguise F" It is not often Government officials- especially highly paid ones-are candid enough to admit that they are -unable to perform the duties of their office, and therefore when such a phenomenal oc currence takes place it deserves to be recorded. At the commencement of the present week, replying to a deputation that attended to point out the inadequacy of the train accommodation between one of the suburbs and the metropolis, the Chair man of the Railway Commissioners coolly informed the inconvenienced travellers that "he and his colleagues found it impossible to make proper provision for the passenger traffic during the busy, parts of the day." This is at least candid; but it raises the question of the raison d'slre of Messrs.' Speight, Agg, and Ford. Yet another murder has to be added to the Already long list of undiscovered crimes in Victoria. Ah Goon, a native of "the Flowery Land, was found murdered and robbed in his bedroom in one of the most densely populated parts of Melbourne, and there is no clue to :the perpetrators of the deed. 'Despite the reward of £200 offered by the dead man's compatriots; and a similar amount promised by the Govern ment for the arrest of the culprit, the detective police are still at fault. Most assuredly the Victorian "force" cannot boast of a Vidoey as one of its members; A somewhat sensational attempt at murder, followed by the suicide of the murderer, occurred on Wednesday in Prahrau. The victim of the attempt is a young girl some 16 years of age, who, though young in years, appears to have been old in iniquity, and tihe murderer, who was about twenty-three, was isot'unac quaintod with the inside of H.M' Gaol. Love and jealousy are the causes of the crime, which has resulted in a dangerous pistol wound for IMargarot Irvine, and the death of Gustave Bsyer. It will be seen that the "master passion" is not a monopoly of the "upper ten." Mr. Peter Campbell, the " Bush MIis sionary"' and avowed "Freethinker," has been unfortunate' in his attempt to achieve his liberty. Consigned to prison in default of finding sureties to pay his wife thirty shillings a week, he on deavoured to persuade Mr. Justice Williams, before whom he appeared in virtue of writ of habeas corpus, that tihe warrant upon which he was held by the Governor of the Gaol was bad. While the proceedings were pending a valid warrant was made out, and the ex-reverend gentlo man is .nos safely "laid by the heels," with ample time to realise the truth of the adage anent marrying in haste and re penting at leisure. After a four days' hearing in the Divorce Court, during which q copsiderable amount of dirty linen was washed in public, the suit of Belcher v. Belcher and Mackenzie has ended by the jury-to whom certain issues were submitted-finding a verdict for the respondent and co- respondent on the entire case. The parties implicated do not belong to the " upper ten," but the Court has nevertheleps been crowded, and unusual interest displayed in the proceed ings. Some very " hard" swearing must have taken place on one side or the other, the witnesses contradicting each other in a most point blank way. As the got resqlt of the trial the "injured " hIusband finds himself mulcted in costs, which amount to upwards of four hundred pounds, and sad dled more firmly than ever with a wife he has done his best to brand as unfaithful and incestuous. According to her own ad missions the fair one was not of angelic purity' before n~arriage; but the nuptial tie condoned' ih-tl-matrimonial "pilaks," and the husband married the object of his choice with:his eyes. open. It transpired in evidence that the honeymoon---which by the way took place before the golden circlet had adorned the bride's finger wa opassed in Tasmania, Launceston being the chosen town, and the exact locusiin quo the- International Hotel, where .the then "happy pair were known as, Mr. and Mrs. Bell. The moral of the whole un savoury story is. that -husbands had far better suffer the ills they know than fly to others they know not of, and the exist once of which they only discover in the precincts of the Divorce Court. For the first time in the annals of Mel bourne, Shakespeare (which according to a well known caterer for public amusement has been pronounced a synonym for ruin). is successfully • being played at two; houses. At the Royal Macbeth has given place to Henry the Eighth, which on Wed nesday is to be withdrawn in favour of Much Ado about Nothing,n with, Miss Genevieve Ward adid Mr. Vernon in the leading parts: At the Opera House, now without doubt'the best appoihted theatre south of the line, 'Romeo and Juliet,: with Miss Fanny Reid and Mr. Cates :in the title roles, still continues to attract large audiences. 'Fun on the Bristol' still runs at the Bijou, while at the Princess, where Madame Simonsen this afternoon, on the occasion of her final " and very last" re tirement from the stage, received an ova tion; from a bumper house, .Byron's ever popular society comedy of "Friend's" has been revived, " for six nights only." September 20. i 