Catholic Intelligence, VICTORIA, AROHDIOOESE OF MELBOURNE. HIOHABLUIB DAY. Monday next, being the Feast of St. Miohael, Archangel, will be a Day of Devotion. CONFIRMATION AT TBI OATHBDBAL. His Graoe the Arohbishop will administer the Saorament of Confirmation in the Metropolitan Ohuroh to-morrow morning at eight o'clock. THK BIBHOF OF ADELAIDE. The Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, arrived in Melbourne overland from Sydney on Staturday, after being present at the reoeption and installation of his Graoe the Arohbishop of Sydney in that oity. His Lordship became a guest at the Palaoe, Eastern Hill. On Sunday evening the Bishop preaohed, and gave Benediotion of the Blessed Saorament in St. Francis' Ohuroh, the subjeot of his discourse being the Saorament of Penanoe. His Lordship left for Adelaide on Monday by the ss. Adelaide. BT. GEORGE'S CHURCH, CARLTON. The re-opening of St. George's, Oarlton, after the alterations and reseating of the oburoh, will take plaoe on to-morrow week. The Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.O., will preaoh on the 030asion. At a reoent meeting of St. George's Ohuroh committee it was deoided that the Gipsy Enoampment and Fanoy Fair would be held in the Exhibition Build ing, oommenolng on Easter Monday, 6t.h April, 1885. It is intended to make the eooampinent one of the greatest novelties ever iutroduoed to the Melbourne public, and the oommittee are already working earnestly to eeoure that end. THE CATHEDRAL CHOIR. At the end of next month Mr. Alfred Plnmpton and Madame TaBOa will retire from the respeotive ofiioes of director and organist of St. Patrick's ohoir. As already announoed, Mr. Piumpton will be sucoeeiled by Mr. W. R. Furlong, the present ohoir-master of St, Francis', ST. BRIDGETS, NORTH FITZROT. The works in oonneotion with the completion of St. Bridget's Ohuroh North 'Fitzroy, are being rapidly proceeded with. One of the aisles is erected and it is expeoted that the whole work will be finishedby Christmas next. RELIGIOUS PROFESSION. The now familiar but always solemn oeremony of Religious Profession took plaoe at the Oonvent of Meroy, Nicholson-street, at ten o'clock on Monday morning, 22ad iost. His Graoe the Archbishop presided. Solemn Mass of the Holy Ghost was offered up for the Novica by the R?v. Fr. Oahill, S.J., after whioh Benediction of the Blessed Saorament was given pontificlally by hia Lirdship the Bishop of Adelaide. The young lady who made her solemn vows is Miss Davern, second daughter of Mr. William Davern, a and mnoh-respected Oatholio of Moranding. The following clergyman assisted at the oeremoDT :— Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, Yery Rev. Prior Butler, O.O.C.; Revs. M. M'Kenna, J. Fitzgerald, O.Daly, S.J.; D. Qdin, M. Quia, and J. Gallivau. The guests were entertained at an elegant dijeuner immediately after the oeremony ST. PATRICK'S SCHOOL. The blessing of St. Patrick's Gathedra), 1 Hall, and School, Victoria-parade, was ' performed on last Sunday afternoon by ! his Graoe the Arohbishop, in the pres- ! enoe of a large number of the ohildren, : their parents, and others. The Right Bev. Dc. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide; I the Yery R*v. Dr. Fitzpatriok, V.G.; : and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy asstated. A number of hymns were sung by the ohildren, who also presented to his Graoe a warm and filial address, beautifully executed and framed. The ; Arohbishop, in reply, congratulated the children and their parents on the open-, ing of the fine new school building, and lxpressed a—hope-that the debt of $1500 due rupon it would be speedily liquidated. ST. MARY'S CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE SOCIETY, WEST MELBOURNE. The usual monthly meeting of the above soeiety was held on 2iat inst. ; the president in the chair. Two candidates were admitted to membership. A letter was received from the «• Association of the Ohildren of Mary o! the Immaoulate Conception," St. Mary's, West Melt bourne, enclosing a donation of one ; pound towards the library fund, for which they were aooorded a unanimous vote of thanks. A vote of thanka was also ao- ' corded to Messrs. A. T. Doranmnd F. J. Kwina for valuable donations of books for the library. Nominations were re- ceived for the various offioes for the ensoing half-year, the election for whioil will take place on Sunday, 19th October, to which date the meeting adjourned. OATHOLIO YOUNG KEN'S SOCIETY. The weekly meeting of the Emerald Hill Branch was held on 22ud September; Mr. Ram (president) in the chair. The monthly Magazint was read by the Editor (Mr. H. Monks). The president mentioned that the next sooial evening would be held the following Thursday* 1IALDON. (From a Correspondent.J On Sunday, the 14th inst., Fr. E, Murphy, S.J., opened a mission here. At the seoond Mass a very large crowd assembled to hear the open in g discourse, but only half obtained admission, the sohoolroom, so long nsed as a church, being far too small for the ocoasion. The rev. preacher allnded in forcible terms to this Ifaot, and advised the congregation to at once take measnres for providing proper aooommodation for the due worship of God. The devotions were, each day- Mass, sermon, and midday instruction, with Vespers, sermon, and Benediction . in the evening. The ohuroh has been orowded at every service. The number of oommunioants has been nearly 400. On Sunday last this eminently-successful mission was brought to a close by a round of beautiful services, viz., High Mass, sermon, Procession of the Blessed Saorament, Benediotion of the mission OroBS ereoted during the week; and in the evening Vespers, sermon, Benediotion, renewal of baptismal vows, and Pope'B blessing, in whioh great crowds most devoutly engaged. It is gratifying to know that hardly one refused the refreshing waters of penance, drawn thence by a bountiful flow of the grace of God through the mission. It must indeed have been gratifying to our pastor, the R.<v. H. Allt-n, of Oastletnaine, that whole families availed themselves of this opportuuity of receiving the Sacraments. The sermon at High Mass on Sunday was an earnest exhortation to perseveranoe, and a fervent admonition to frequent the Sacraments on every possible opportunity. On Monday night Father Murphy, as announced, gave a lecture in the school-room to a orowded audienoe. Mr. Gye, the schoolmaster, in the absenoe of Fr. Allen, presided, and the prinoipal members of the congregation were on the platform. The subject —"What the Irish have Suffered for their Faith"—was grandly handled by the rev. lecturer, but not one word escaped his lips that could wound the feelings or prejudices of the most sensitive Protestant. The choir, who had rendered some pleasing duets and choruses of Moore's at the commencement of the leotnre, sang " Faith of Our Fathers" at its termination, after which a vote of thanks to the leoturer was unanimously accorded. The following morning a complimentary address was read to Fr. Murphy by Mr. Tobin, in the presenoe of a crowd of ladies and gentlemen. In the address regret waB expressed that he had been obliged to conduct missions without any help, owing to the soarcity of priests. In his reply, Fr. Murphy paid a very high compliment to the extreme piety and untiring devotion of the people. He assured them that, through perseverance in the good resolutions they had formed, God would assuredly ere long put it in the power of the Arohbishop to give them the frequeut ministration they SO richly deserved. 