[?] Review* This first published work by the crowned poet is ?not altogether new, or the outcome of any inspiration following his ' elevation.' ' The Cup, a Tragedy,' was written for the stage in 1881, and was produced at the Lyceum Theatre by Mr. Henry Irving. It was not a remarkable success, but still it escaped the ridicule and contempt which crushed ' The Promise of May.' It is but a little tragedy, not even an attempt of the same order as ' Harold ' or ' Queen Mary a scrap that could hardly make or mar a . « ... _ a 1 ? J- n nntVirt* Wrtll 1 rl lla falrATl poet s lame — Uldt livrn a y vuiig auiuui 'WUIU wv as Bhowirg germs of promise — that from a veteran crowned of all the people long before coronetedby the Court displays flashes of old power and gives proof of the acknowledged mastership in verse as of the utter inability to achieve any large success in drama. Tennyson's power has been to celebrate, to rehearse, never to revivify. He is as far apart from Shakspeare or Schiller as was Homer from iEschylus or Aristo ..phants. There is nothing nobler in the language than That story which the bold Sir Bedivere, First made and latest left of alt the knights, Told, when the man was no more than a voice In the white winter of his age. But if, instead of telling the tale, Arthur and Bedi vere, with Mordred and some strange heathen kings had been set to do battle before our eyes, what flimsy ?babbling, what travesties of greatnesses should we iave had ! How could we have been shown Kin j AitLur seeking to find or feel a way Thro' this blind haze, which ever Eince I saw One lying in the dust at Almesbury Hath folded in the passes of the world t Hew could it be set upon a stage that land of old.'uphcaven from the abyss By fire, to sink into the abyss again ; Where iragments of forgotten peoples dwelt, . And the long mountains ended in a coast Of ever-shifting sand and far away Toe phantom circle of a moaning sea t How could it possibly be put in the first person that ' dim, weird battle of the West,' with its fhield-breakings and the clash of brands, the crash Of battleaxes on shatterd helms, and shrieks 1 ? ? ? ? ? Its shouts of heathen and the traitor knights oaths. insults, filth, and monstrous blasphemies, sweat, writhings, anguish, labouring of the lungs ? It r,ever was, it never could, it never can be done. Sound trumpet and alarum,'' says even the king of all the dramatists, ' and let world's play go on without the stage, while I set up one or two men of the time before you, and display its influence upon them and theirs upon it.' It is only the epic poet who ?unrolls the full breadth of the backward scroll of iime. The dramatist, beside him, is somewhat as the necromancer beside the great historian. The one drags up some few sheeted ghosts from the past to squeak and gibber, it may be, to marvellous effect ; the ? other confesses, it is all past but all on record— all to be realised if the human ?mind will set itself to the task, but no more to be depicted by any process of imitative enactment than is the dead dust to be reanimated by any sign or spell. Which is the greater, the epic, 'Paradise Lost,' or the mystery play of the early churches ? Not but that the drama may be great, has been, and it is probable ever will be, great, but look ?the matter fully through, and you shall confess that ?its epic vein constitutes its chief claim to greatness. Hope of future fame for Tennyson would be very sick were it sustained only by his dramas, supple mented by this latest addition, 'The Cup, a Tragedy,'' and yet in each of the earlier dramas (saving always the one that should of mercy be forgotten) historic chapters were touched bristling with incident and white with heats of action — chapters whose record is of the forging of a nation's fate. And in this tragedy, ' The Cup,' a rent is made in the past, and a little space disclosed ?wherein is movement tragic and beautiful and complete— a plot wherein individuals work out their own designs by aid of national move ments — where passion leads to crime, and triumphant through crime sorely besets constancy — where, in splendid culmination, constancy rises to a glorious revenge and dies triumphant. The scene is Galatia, and at the time when Rome ?had conquered but not quite subdued Galatia. The characters are Sinnatus, tetrarch of Galatia, but in revolt against the Imperial power ; Camma, his wife ; and Synorix, ex -tetrarch and traitor to all things and all men. Synorix, in his ovp country in disguise, seeks at once to betray the people to Antenius, the Roman general, and to abduct Camma. He plots to this end, persuades Camma to ?meet him near the temple of Artemis, and designs to bear her away. She, followed by her husband, -keeps the appointment. A brief encounter takes place, Sinnatus is treacherously killed by Synorix, and Camma escapes and becomes a priestess of the temple. Subsequently Synorix is reinstated as letrarch, and persists in his suit to Camma, who aflect8 to yield. A day is appointed for wedding and double coronation, and on that day the Cup pre sented to Camma in the beginning of his plot is a second time introduced. Briefly it is 'Pledge me 'this cup,' and of course pledge death also. The ladv Camma, out of absolute devotion to the memory of her dead husband,, poisons his murderer and her self at the same time. It is a very perfect as a very simple tragedy, and in the hands of a true dramatist would doubtless have become a successful play. Had ?lennyson taken it in his own way he might have anot^er such a fragment as ' Lucretius ' or Godiva' or ' Ulysses.' Dealing with it in the dramatic mode, he-has produced 6ome 86 pages, con taining about a thousand lines, a hundred of which ?may bc?woithy of his fame. One familiar with Tennyson can tell the true note irom the false easily . as he would detect the false quantities in any unpractised writer's verse. Both are lare found in the first passage, indeed in the first few lines. few lines Pine, beech, and plane, oak, walnat, apricot, vine, cypress, poplar, myrtle, bowering in The city where she wills. So far the old melodious strain which, had it been a, 11 ' woulfi have rolled along and borne the tory upon wheels of gold ; but it was not to be. \- Another was nottotellthe storyof Synorix andCammq, tney must act it for themselves, and immediately they egin to act a paltry, jerky motion is perceived— She past me then, inree years ago, when I was flying from my Tetrarchy to Rome. nl^ contrasts may be found throughout the p ay. Let Synorix, plot, act move, and straightway ? is on stilts and acting ; let him reflect or relate ? 1! wmillfnand ByMtrcd LordTennysen. London : reflectively, and there is a vcice that accords with those other voices we have known so long and so familiarly. One of the sweetest passages of the book is in the second scene of the first act, and is indeed so sweet that it may be quoted at length : — He is gone already. Oh look, — yon grove upon the mountain, — white in the sweet moon as with a lovelier snow ! But what a blotch of blackness underneath ! Sinnatus, you remember— yea, you must, That there' three years ago— the vast vine-bowers Ran to the summit cf the trees, and dropt Their streamers earthward, which a breeze of May Took ever and anon, and open'd out 'J he purple zone of hill and heaven ; there You told your love ; and like the swaying vines — Vea,— with, our eyes, — our hearts, our prophet hopes Let in the happy distance, and that all But cloudless heaven which we have found together In our three married years ! You kiss'd me there For the first time. Sinnatus, kiss me know. So speaks Camma to her husband. And is it credible that 6uch commonplace dialogue as this could follow that speaking ? Sinnatus : '* First kits (kisses her). You talk almost as if it might be the last.' Camma : ' Will you not eat a little ?' Sinxatus : ' No, no ; we found a goatherd's hut and shared His fruits and milk.' Yet so the 'tragedy' runs on. Synorix having stabbed Sinnatus, and meeting the passion of his dying glance, speaks'hobly, as this : — ' Adulterous dog ! ' that red-faoed rage at me ! Then with one quick short stab— eternal peace. So end all passions. Then what use in passions P To warm the cold bounds of ourdving lite And, lest we freeze in mortal apathy, Employ us, heat us, quicken us, help us, keep us From seeing all too near that urn, those ashes Which all must be. And then drivels, as this : Why did I strike him ?— having proof enough Against the man, I surely should have left That stroke to Rome. He saved my life too. Did he 1 It seem'd so. I have play'd the sudden fool. And that sets her against me— for the moment Camma — well, well, 1 never found the woman 1 could not force or wliecdle to my will. Perhaps the strongest passage in the tragedy is Caxnma's message to Synorix, beseeching her hand. Tell him there is one shadow among the shadows, One ghost of all the ghosts— as yet so new, So strange among them— such an alien there, So much of husband In it still — that if The sbont of Synorix and Camma sitting Upon one throne, should reach it, it would rise He 1 ? He with that red star between the ribs, And my knife there — and blast the king and me, And blanch the crowd with horror. But after that passage there is no culmination. The speech and prayer of Synorix and Camma in their final interview are not great. Even the concluding lines, though all Tennyson, are not the Tennyson we should have anticipated at that climax. Have I the crown on ? I will go To meet bim, crown'd ! crown'd victor of my will On my last voyage— but the wind has fail'd — Growing dark too — but light enough to row. Row to the plessed Isles 1 the blessed Isles! — Sinnatus ! Why comes he not to meet me T It is the crown ' Offends him — and my hands are too sleepy To lift it off. [Phoebe takes the crown off. Who touch'd me then ? I thank you. [Rises, with outspread arms. There — league on league of ever-shining shore Beneath an ever-rising sun— I see him — ' Camma, Camma ? ' Sinnatns, Sinnatus 1 [Dies. The ever-shining shore and the ever-rising sun, ' what do they there save satisfy the exigencies of prosody and euphony ? 'The Falcon' is an undistinguished play. The author does not style it either tragedy, drama, or comedy, and indeed it is difficult for critic as author to place it. There is no tragedy, save the death of the poor bird ; no dramatic interest beyond some shadowy vestige of a cause of estrangement, and'«h reconcilia tion brought about by the poor Falcon's death ; while for comedy there is ' Flippo,' and here is a specimen of ' Flippo ' — Ah, the women, the women 1 Ah, Monna Giovanna, yon here again 1 you that have the face of an angel and the heart of a— that's too positive! Ton that have a score of lovers and have not a heart for any of them— that's positive-negative : you that have not the head of a toad, and not a heart like the jewel in it — that's too negative ; you that have a cheek like a peach and a heart like the stone in it — that's positive again— that's better ! And here is a song which is hardily reminiscent of those jewels of melody which sparkle through ' The Princess' — ' Dead mountain flowers, dead mountain meadow flowers, Dearer than when you made your mountain gay. Sweeter than any violet of to-day, Richer than all the wide world-wealth of May, To me, tho,all your bloom has died away, \ ou bloom again, dead mountain-meadow flowers.' Indeed it is difficult to cull out one single passage from 'The Falcon' clearly indicative of the working of a master's mind. It is one of the things which the poet ought out not to have published ; and worse, it is . work which chaUenges comparison, for the same story was better treated and in different fashion by Long fellow in his 'Tales of a 'Wayside Inn.' The enthu siast who desires to keep his devotion for the poet should close the book when he has ended the tragedy and let ' The Falcon ' eink into the oblivion which has already received ' The Promise of May.' 