Melbourne Letter. JFSOS! OCB OWIR CORRESPONDENT ] MELBOUKKE, Friday. There is scarcely a housewife you know but has something to complain of when you refer to her carpets. They catch the •dost so £*st that it seems almost a labour in vain to • brush them, and when they have to be raised aud beaten, the operations are looked forward to with the greatest horror. I glean from an exchange that there is some prospect of matters being set right iu this direction, by the use of wood carpets. Bavaria is in the field as a rival of^Belgium for a monoply in the -carpet liue. W« shall henceforth, I suppose, have to speak of our Munich where the carpets are manufactured, j'isi as we speak of our Brussels. " Prepared wood fibre, felted by the aid of oxidised linseed oil and colouring matter, on to a jute fabric, the bade of which latter is covered with a ooat of varnish. The material thus obtained is said to have a pleasing appearance, can beeasi-y oleanedand repaired, is warm, noiseless, and can be Taken op like carpets and quickly re laid cn a change of residence The surface "can be produced either flat, or-with designs in veiy slight relief. The colouring is homogeneous throughout" Chi dren .•can' now frolic on the carpets without having their longs surcharged with disease germs, which the microscope shows to be present in these inhalations. In the account of the carpet from whirl I have mails the extract^ no reference 18 made to tie cost, but I suppose it varies as in other carpets. . The beliefin ghosts, hobgobliDS, etiwc genus onne, would seem to be innate in the human race. You will find it exists in the mind oif the most • ignorant savage of the South Sea lsiands, aa well as in tbe more cultivated intellect of the learned tavant of Europe. -Of coarse, there will be a difference of" opinion as to what really constitutes--the .ghost or epirit, of which senses* take cognisance. The savage, will, perhaps, "look upon' it as the manifestation ofa' bodily presence, with -which his - superstitious reverence will not allow him ; to have communion, eees while the more enlightened Spiritist in the visitations of these ghoBtly creations a method of the Godhead to afford:.an opportunity of communication -between the known and the unknown: However thoBe whose mindB are incapable of'descending to the -Jevel of auch supersti tions.may ridicule, the idea, the fact re mains, that at the present day the minds of our fellow-icreatures are iuthethraldom of a superstitions belief in the -presence of spirits, w»>ich is having the effect of filling the lnnatio asylums with incurable lunatics/ and' tringing consequent ruin and misery 'on-erstwhile -happy families. The foUowingextrart f«> m Ballarat paper may have the effect ' inducing BuperetiUous folkto inquire Into the phenomenohj before . giring credence to thepresenceof Bnchanomaliea.* < Some little tiu.e ago, the residents in a house on the lake aidr were troubled by-a 'ghost-' The manifestations of the spirit took the form of moaning noises, and some of the mors imaginative of the human oscupants ' the building not only heard the 'dismal indications of the presence of the spirit, but thought they saw a white lorm flitting about in the darkness. And troublous times the residents had in those - periods, and thvir fears became so sttong that at last the * ghost walked' to them every night. The building was recently bought by an unsuperstitions young Sco'chman, and the ghost disappeared. On Tuesday night, however, he was somewhat concerned to heal a moaning noise as of someone in pain or distress, and started out to learn what was the cause- Following up the ghostly sounds, he found they were caused by the vibrations of some imperfectly fastened boards of the building, upon whiph the half gale blowing was "taking effect. A few blows with a hammer tightened up the boards and killed the ghost." If one of your country prints sees its way to utter words of laudation on behalf of any Bsbeme or project to which any of our metropolitan dailies have given adherence, that country paper is at once referred to as one of the most influential exponents of public opinion to be fonnd beyond the confines of the metropolis; but, on the other hand, should the said rival production dare to utter a word in opposition to the views and opinions of the town contemporary, woe onto it. It is then <-ne of the least known and nninfluential of country printstliis spirit have your publication and two other very able and influential country newspapers been referred to by a MelLourne evening print. What strikes the reader in the outset is that the conductors of the journal ref<rred to should consider it worth while to take any notice of the comments of snch obscure publications. A reference to them at all would seem to negative the aXrmation of their insignificance. The great sorrow of your town contemporary is your advocacy of the Sabbatarian principles, that there is no necessity for the running of Sunday trains. There are certainly, differences of opinion on the matter, but conceive it to be a very poor argument which is bolstered np by an attempt to undervalue the opinions of an influential paper like the TARRANGOWEB TIMES, and the other journals, to whose sentiments exception is taken- On Friday afternoon last there was a grand parade of fashionable equipageB at Albert Park, Scnth Melbourne, the occasion being the 'inauguration of what known as the "Ladies' Mile-". Every Londoner has vivid recollections of Rotten Bow as the epot where England's youth and beauty, fashion and wealth, love to disport themselves as well for their pleasure as vanity. All the great, capitals of Europe have their rendezvous for the display of wealth and luxury. Why. then, Bhould Melbourne, the Queen City of the South, be behind her English and Continental sisters J No doubt, there will be absent from these gatherings that tone of reverence and distinction which associated with the presence nobility end raiik ; but at the same time the chivalry of our Australian' manhood may find scope for Its display, as com paniuns and associates of Bome of the fairest women-in the world. Victoria, I suppose, is the wealthiest colony of the Australasian group, if we are to take as our standard of comparison the salaries paid to our Governors, Ministers, and high public functionaries- It something, then, to hold a position in the Ministry of a colony like Victoria, and one would conceive that the fortunate man who enjoys such an honour would be anxious to keep himself above the suspicion of still further depleting his bleeding country, by laying embargo^ on her Treasury to defray a nice little holiday trip while Parliament is in recess, clip the following from a daily print :• "We learn that it is the intention of tbe Government during the recess to authorise Mr. Deakin, Commissioner of Public Works, to visit the United States for the purpose of investigating aud reporting on tbe various systems of irrigation carried out in that country. Mr. Deakin will be accompanied by an experienced officer con nected with the WaterSupply Department. Mr. Deakin will leave for San Francisco in abont a fortnight." Now, in reference to this extract, I should like to know (1) whether Mr. Deakin's portfolio is such sinecure as to allow of his being absent from hiB official duties for the term absorbed by such a journey as that he is about to undertake ; or (2) is his knowledge of the subject of irrigation of such nature as to entitle him to be placed as supervisor of an " experienced" officer of his department I If the aaswer to these queries be a negative, then the public will not be slow in foruing an opinion of the subject. If matters go on as at present the res pec table portion of the community will have to make an exodus from town, and take up their -quarters in country parts, leaving the metropolis to King Larrikin and his subjects. The police eeem wholly incapable.of coping with this barbarous specimen of the human race, and no respectable man or woman dare ven ture abroad after nightfall lest they be insulted or assaulted. The publicans and the police, however, appear to be their highest game, and cases are constantly cropping up in our courts in which these unfortunates appear as prosecutors for injuries to person or property Im prisonment does these gentry no .good: because they are provided with bettor fare as a rule than they are used to ou-- side and are afforded time and solitude to meditate on further acts of -villainy. H they are fined, the money is nearly always paid, either by associates of these scoundrels, or by the unfortunate woinen on whose prostitution they subsist. We want the lash, and nothing but the lash. When the postcard was introduced a> a means of communication. trough the Post Office, malicious persons were not alow to make use of it as a tn^tum venting their spleen . fon ^unfortunate debtors br personalI enemies But, thaiis to the '•scrutiny of the "Ppst pteoe, attempts at vilificatibb: downwind now th'S iniiri who has negated to satisfy the demands pl ^. warebouw-, man, or the fashionable young lady -who bosses a city establishment, but has neglected to pay up for her confections and sweetmeats, need .have no fear that their ehortcomingf. iu this, respect wftT be brought under the notice of their fellowemploye* There are «trt%in classes of personB, however, who will not be beaten carrying out their beloved pastime, and thus we find the anonymous letterwriter is to the fore at Sandhurst - where for some time past several respectable families have been annoyed by the receipt these villainous missives, in which indecent references are made to relatives and acquaintances. These letters would seem .to have been written by a femdle, who-signs the initials, "M. J." It is said that one Sandhurst lady, who. was the recipient of one of these letters, has been ill ever:since. The police are said be on the track of the writer, and it is be hoped she or he will soon be brought to justice. I am not one of those who desire to see the income of the medical practitioner any way reduced by the introduction of quack remedies or- methods of cure ; but thera are many cafes in which simple remedies effect a great deal of good, and when euch come under my attention, I never fail to bring it under the notice of sufferers. In this spirit 1 send you' the following. A' correspondent of The BoBtou Globe sends the following receipt: —" A cure for rheumatism without particle of landanum, morphia, &c.; Pure red c over blossoms made - into a strong tei and drunk freely of every day will bure any case of rheumatism in a short time. I have never known it to fail in complicated cases." There are more ways of depriving th porcive quadruped of the vital spark of existence than'piercing the cardial organ with the lethal weapon ; or, in plain ugliBh, there are more ways of killing a pig than by sticking him. By a stretch of imagination we may bring the principle here'suggested to bear some analogy to the system adopted by some of our pseudo upper ten to maintain that semblance of affluence which is associated with well furnished houses, richly attired occupants and high-living. I have often wondertd how Clarence Fitzdoodle, in my street. gentleman in receipt of an income considerably less than is received by . the lower' standard clerks in our Government offices, was able to maintain the style of luxuriousness with which his house . and surroundings are associated. An incident which has occurred connection with a gem of the same water of this fraternity may serve to throw some light on the matter, and open ti^p.eyes of too confiding tradesmen to the fact that all that "glitters is not gold. A certain grocer was waited upon a short time since by a very dressy female, from whom he received a large order and was honoured with the appointment of family grocer, her husband as the lady explained, holding a Government situation and being paid only once a month. This, of course, was intended for the grocer to understand that . he would expect his account. paid only every month When the time came round for settlement for the month's groceries,' and. the t<?mer had not put in an appearance to liquidate the liability, or make some excuse for the lapsus, the tradesman deemed it prudent to call at the house where his goods had been delivered, and ascertain how matters stood. His knock was answered by a neatly-attired domestic by whom he was ushered into a sumptu ••usly furnished drawing-rcom to wait the presence of the lady of the house. After some considerable time the said lady makes her appearance,and feignsastonish ; men t at seeing her grocer, but becomes quite indignant'atfthe-tradesman'a account not being settled; which she attributes to an oversight of her husband when adjusting his account.' Reassured by the tone of evident sincerity displayed by his cus tomer, the tradesman takes his departure, with the assurance that the mistake will be rectified and affairs set right Had that tradesman bnt waited a while he would have observed several othersbutcher, baker, draper, tailor, etc-—call at this establishment, all on the Barne miBMon, money : hunting, only to receive their conge in the aame manner as the grocer A few days afterwards the grocer receives a visit from his not too punctual customer, from whom he learns the startling fact that her husband has become involved in difficulties through mining speculations, and she is reduced to the necessity of compromising her debt by paying so much per week. Com ; miserating the poor lady, the grocer con sents to this arrangement; and the lady takes her departure to call upon tbe other tradesmen on a similar mission'. Having thus placated one creditor, this enterprising asyren, with time-payment furnished house and well-dressed person proceeds to victimise more tradesmen Snch is life,' dear boys. Another old Identity has joined the great majority, the well-known host of the Old White Hart Hotel having died on .Tuesday at the age of 75. Mr. Hairy Edwards was a colonist of 35" years 1 standing, and was much esteemed for hiB many social qualities. . Some few months since one J. B Slack, who was well-known to the legal fraternity as.an irrepressible, litigant, his presence in,our courts being as regular; almost as that of the Court crier, was. found dead in his bed with his throat; cut. 'He lived alone, .and ~bx it was known that he was rather eccentric, no very great surprise was evinced at the result of the inquiry into his death, viz-, a' verdict of suicide. The affair was merely a nine day's wonder. We have, however, just been etart ed by the confession of mail named Batrnes, who is at present prisoner in Pentridge, who declares that Jte murdered , poor Slack to obtain the poperty supposed to be kept in the house wbere.be unfortunate man • resided; In confirmation of his averment,he named the pawnbroker with whom, he pawned the valuable diamond ring taken from the body^of tie -.murdered.maiu ' This ring baa been recovered, and several .other toSh of ' the convictV confession. The affair wjll be proved to the bottom.' the meantime great excitement exists; Bladk was quite a publie etai^etCT;- ' 