ISrougJitom Creclt. (FROM A COllItKSl'ON'DKNT.) ' I On Thursday evening, 6th November, a highly succcssful sacred concert was given iu tlie School room by a company of amateurs from Shoalhaven, under tho management of Rev. J. Host. D. Bci ry, Es(|., very kindly placed one of his boats at the disposal of tlie party, and for bis act received at the termination of tlio entertainment a cordial and hearty vote of thanks. The evening appeared of a threatening nature — dark heavy ratny-looking clouds hung about— but notwithstanding the wot appcarance oi tlie night a very largo and apprecia tive audienec assembled in the school. Every vacant scat was quickly filled, and testified by thoir j l-ivitcd attention that thoy were highly satisfied I with the concert. 'Die programme consisted of nineteen pieces, comprising tri-ra, quartettes, duetts, solos, anil three organ solos from Mr. Lovegrovc. The pieces wero all of a high class character, somo of them being selections from tho works of the great masters who in the musical world possess undying fame ; this fact alone speaks volumes for the singers, and shows tastes highly to bo appre ciated. This style of music is so different from the ordinary choice of some amateurs who seem to glory in singing vulgar comie .airs, which serve, only to amuse persons of inferior tastes ill music. . The sacred concert, lasted about two hours, and as was fully expected a hearty vote of thanks wan . proposed and carricd by acclamation. Rev. J. Jicst was ciicoml. for a ' splendid picco entitled ' Nazareth,'.' and in response he favoured us with another beautiful selection, 'IV.-ico bo still.' Tho proceeds of the entertainment amounted to £S 15s. . I forgot to mention that a vote of thanks was given to Mr. William Gray for kindly lending his new piano, which, ; according to- the testimony of Miss Glanvillo (who acted, as .accompanist in a highly efficient manner),- conduced in no small degree to tho success of tho eonecrt. The singing of the 'National Anthem' brought this very pleasant evening to a close. has - challongcd any ono in the world to row on tho Albert Liiko, Molbourno for i!l( 00, aftor his raco with Beach. among tlio fixtures by Shaw's toam .w-- observo tliat tlio 9th and lUth January will li» dcvotcil to Wollongotig. , Sik 'Henry. Faiuces ? has ? boon : askkod- by ? tho olootors of Ctireoar to allow; himsolf to bo 'nominated' for- that constituency, but ho has declined. ? London, Novombor 9. — Grover Cloveland, . tho Domocrutic candidate, has:: boon oloctod President'' of- tho United States, and Thomas Hondorioks Vico- Prosidont.' by a majority of 37 votos, subjoct to a scrutiny of tho voting in tho Stato of Now York; ? ~ '..' . In honor: of the veteran philanti ophist, Sir Mosos Montefioro, who will shortly comploto tbo 10 'tli year of his useful life tho' Molbourno Jowish Club has docidod. to hold, a grand ball at tho AthoufOumvHull,. ou tho 13th of this mouth. Silt Hknuy Pauices has resigned- hissoat in Parliainont, retiring, as ho statos, i'or ovor from public lifo, on account of as ho cousidors, tho downward: courso tho publio lifo of tho country has takon since he last ceasod to hold C ollico. James SoMERViLtE is a great nnmo in Iviama. James Somervillo is the Council clerk. James Somervillo is' the Treasurer of the Borough. James Somerville is the Librarian. James Somer ville is the. Inspector of '.Works.. It is whispered, indeed, that— biit, perhaps, you will like it better this way : — ??? This Somervillo, as you can see, Is in hiuisolf a'liost ; Thoy say— but keep it dark I — that ho Is the Kiama Ghost ! — Bulletin. ? . ? ; ? : ? ? ; ? ; ? ' ' ' ' - ' 