ORIGINAL POETRY. A MAGIC FLOWER. A wondrous bloom to-day I found, Dowered with such mystic power, In vain you'ld search the wide world round For such another flower. For when its fragrant breath I smelt Time's tide was backward borne ; In manhood's afternoon, I felt Again in youth's sweet mora. Kay more, such geomantic worth This blossom dtd exhale As otherwhere is found on earth But in an Eastern tale. For wben upon its petals white My eyes had dwelt a while, I stood, transooited swift as light, On a far northern isle. Once more, a wayward boy, 1 strayed About a farm-house grey, That, sheathed in diver poplars' shade, Shot through with sunbeams, lay. It was the lovely month of June, Soft blew the morning breeze, And mingled with the throstle's tune The hum of drowsy bees. Came wafted from the poplars tall The blackbird's leisure note; I heard the nnseen cuckoo's call, So near, yet so remote. All earth had found its Bummer voice, The flowers, no less than birds, Seemed in the morning to rejoice, With sods that stood for words. But sad the morning was to me, I gazed in tears around ; It was the last that I should see Upon my fathers' ground. With bursting heart I bade farewell To every favourite spot. (Ah me, though past the flower's spell, The bitterness is not! Though manhood hath its sorrows deep The heart to wring and burn, Like sad-faced ghosts that will not deep Some days of youth return.) I lingered in the fallow field, I domb the windy hill The gone did such sweet fragrance yield I breathe its odour still! But dower grew my footsteps then. More sadly did I move To where, within the woodland glen Waited my boyhood's love. Woven In her hair a hawthorn spray, Pure as her loving heart, With all its snowy bk>s6oms lay, Arranged with girlish art. The tears were in her hazel eyes And on her sun-browned cheek ; She told in passionate sobs and sighs The grief she oould not speak. We parted where we oft bad played Beneath the chesnut tree Ah, never more my little mud On earth these eyes shall see! Dear faithful little maid ! the grass O'er thy true heart doth wave; A little maiden thou didst pass To life beyond the grave. And in my band this wizard flower Doth all the past repeat! Sad, as dove's call at twilight hour, Sad, and yet sadly sweet. As this white spray through many a year Brings back thy trustful face, Thy voioe, th&t; soil I seem to bear, Thy beauty and ffiy graoe, So, if my lyre can reach to thee, Amid the angel throng. My boyhood's love, reoeive from me This tender spray of song. E. B. LOUGHRAN. 