-OtJR--SlILORS.--No.irr f Hv nnr Snecial Ronorter.l DESERTION. Desertion is tne soul ot. crimping, tne f eit noire of shipowners, and the luxury of seamen. It might be just aa reasonably expected that the hungry- visaged little fly would daintily trip around the edges oi a weU-tuled cream basin -without tasting its tempting contents, or that the flippant moth should wing its course outside of the danger area of the fasci nating fatal flame, aa that proverbial Jack, on long articles and low wages, should on calling at a high-wages colonial port not trj desertion's eweets and bitters. Though de Eertion furnishes a maximum of bittera and a minimum of sweets, still the ' passion for it seems too much, for- fore castle human nature to withstand; at any rate, until its] relations with the cabin have been more harmoniously established. Of course Jack does not consider the incon venience, loss, or risk his sudden departure may entail any more than tho fly debates tbo woful waste of fly-life and good cream follow ing its suicidal plunge therein, or tho moth discusses the interruption of the light, tho death, and perhaps unceremonious burial in a dnstheap consequent on its embracing tho flame. Neither doe3 Jack strictly attend to tho morality of tho transaction. Perhaps ho considers that expediency is as much entitled to rulo in a sailor's bunkhouEe as ia Parlia ment, where, for instance, the byno means flattering spectacle might b$ pre sented of a House breaking faith with tho world, and deserting a jubilee) project it had contracted to carry ont. Before hurling boulders of censure at tha head of this misguided tar, consider the ex tenuation for the breach of a contract signed under the pressure of poverty or what-not, and which can only binding to his hurt. Yet it must be concluded that the act is a gross breach of faith, and tho more un pardonable because it proceeds from merely mercenary motives ; and so tsorious haa it been considered that until of I»to it has of tea lodged Jack in gaol, whilo now it entitlea him to a forfeiture of wages. Undoubtedly, desertion is but a means to an end, for there is nothing in the act to make it on attractive object Certainly here and there we find a raw, daring youth deserting in order to gratify some foolhardy notion. He may ewim an unusual distance aad bo picked up exhausted ; co through dangerous water and be more frightened by mistaking a porpoise) for a shark than Hamlet was by seeing hia father's ghost ; or he may alono undertake some perilous trip in a cackleahell boat ot raft and find himself, while blown to sea, anxiously looking for any Gail. Great as the pleasure in of sport Bpiced with danger, one substantial dose of thla strong seasoning lasts the verdant young salt for a lifetime, But every-day desertion is prosaic. It is simply walking ashore— sometimes by day, but mostly at night taking nothing but what the man now stands upright in, or all tho contents of the chest, and then either tramping into the country, begging or working for food and shelter as ho goes, ob hiding in some crimp's unpretentious premises until the ship has sailed. Hard fare, sore feet, and dependence on charity, on the, one hand, and confinement, debt, and drink, on the other, rob the performance of any poetry. and Jack ia left with a miserable pittance of bare, stern facts. Ho does ipofc desert for the pleaauro of deBertioni Only wher desertion is rendered unprofit able, and Jack is made sensible of the fact, will the pernicious practice become, a thing of the past.1 A sailor has a3 good a material as most for being made shrewd and practical. He can appreciate a financial argument put in his own blunt fashion as well as an average ratepayer, and busines3-like find pleasure in profit, and joy in a bargain. But he requires to be educated as to which aide hia real intereEt is, as aga;nat the seducive tales of ' lying crimpB, to whoso business desertion ia as essential as sand to an adulterating grocer. That the basin of cream could be' fatal ia nothing to the voluptuous fly while ignorant of it. This Belf-evident, but somewhat neglected, phase of the question was a few months ago brought out by Mr. H, W. Thompson in a letter to the Remitter, wherein, having proved that desertion did not pay in the long run, he advocated that steps should be taken by the seamen's friends to arouse their attention to the important fact. Instances have been furnished the public of the folly of desertion, financially con sidered. It ha3 become no uncommon cir cumstance for nearly the whole of a crew to deBert almost immediately after the ship haa arrived at Port Adelaide, leaving wageB— £10 and £20 each— behind ; and recently a com plaint has been Triado that apprentices in com iortable ships, under considerate captains, have been allured ashore by the chance ; of doing well in the colony, forfoit,ing hard earned savingB and effects, and blighting good prospects as to the profession. Respecting the former, unquestionably it is the work of the ubiquitous, indefatigable, and great un known—the cringing, creeping, contemptible crimp. Just a word in passing as to thia much- talked- of, oft-legislated against, factor of desertion. Yon could as easily imagine the vested interests of Port Adelaide not voting against an outer harbour as a desertion unaided by a crimp. Thia pro minent personage is the nuisance of every port, the plague of every deep-sea ship, the treachercuB friend of all who list to him, and withal to Justice the man with the iron mask. Though he give the Port a bad name, riBk the ship's safety, betray his employers, Mistress Justice cannot discover his identity. The stem shrewd lady ifl wideawake enough to see his rascally movements, but hia identity she hardly ever proves. CRIMPING. 'Can crimping bo douo away with?' I asked an admitted authority at tho Port on that and kindred subjects. His reply rather surprised me—' Sir, it will never be done away with while tho captains patronise it 1 They are really responnihlo for it. They receive without the slightest complaint a deserter when tho ehip is ready for flea, although they complain bitterly when they lose men in port of others who receive them.' This seemed to me a new revelation respect ing practically the responsibility for deser tion. But he added— 'More than this, captains oftentimes make it worth the while of crimps to decoy the men away. Take the case of the ? , The master was bound if he Eold the vessel to provide the men a passage home. As he seemed likely to do bo, what did he do?' I did not know, but supposed he resorted to Mb wits, like the parablod un just steward. ' Why, he offered a crimp £5 a head for every man he caused to desert. Of course several men left under tho inspira tion of their friend— the crimp in another character. There was one ainueinf; piece in the affair. A man deserted on him own account. The crimp could not permit the unorthodox procedure involving a loss of £l-. He Bent his factotum to walk the ofi'ender back to the ship as a deserter, and appearing on the scene himself, decoyed the would-be deserter away in a safe fashion. Poetical retribution sometimes, obtains in real life. Here it did. The ship was not sold, tho master 1ob6 his men, the crimp lost hi3 commission, and the crew found better employment.' I asked— ' Don't you thiok that the appoint ment of the Seamen'o P^urner haa answered the purpose of reducing desertion and crimp ing ?' His emphatic answer, which, bythe way, I have bad corroborated in another reliable direction, was 'Certainly not He could not get on without them.' Another to whom I spoke on this point was equally strong, saying, ' The more difficulty the runner baa to get men the better It chould pay him.' But I remarked that the runner was licensed by the Marine Board as the only agent allowed between captain and crew, and was bound to fixed fees, and the reply was, 'But whatia there toprevent a runner making his own arrangements v»ith the captain? I don't say that it is done here, but in my opinion the system is a decided mistake which give one man a1, monopoly of the businesa license as many suitable applicants aa apply and competition 'will Introduce a corroctive that the Marine Board remedy hae bo far failed to find.' 1 opoke to the Secretary of the Port Adelaide Seamen'o Union on tho subject. Hia Union does not embraca the deep-sea sailor, and they will tot knowingly elect a deserter as a member. He believed thatbi course of time Seamen's Unions at home would combine with, the Australasian Unions so as to equalize wage3 and thAsr reduce the temptation to desert. He did not think there was much crimping going on in the Port, but the provision as to a sea men's runner did not tend to abolish it. The only way at present to check deser tion -was to abolish 'permit3.' The object ?of the permita to ship wa3 to meet the case3 ?of seamen who had lost or mislaid their dis charges, but at home this object wa3 attained by issuing copie3 of the dis charges, which are registered in the shipping office. In Sydney permits are issued for 3d. each, and in Victoria for 5s., but the Victorian authorities will not give a permit to ship on the coaat. The system of 'permita' actually encouraged desertion, and introduced incompetent men into the forecastle. Take an illustration a3 to the latter point. A few years ago a tailor emi grated here at public expense, but beinz of drunken habits found himself after a while unable to get work. He made a declaration and- got a permit to ship as A.B. At sea he proved utterly uaeles3, and at the first port ?was discharged. He got another vessel, and could be only employed there in mending the officers' clothes, but when he left he got a '* very good' discharge. So much for the value of discharges. Imagine a hand like that entrusted with the wheel in running before a mountainous sea round the Horn. -The ship would in all probability be posted aa misaing through his sheer incompetency. ', I interviewed the Seamen's Missionary on thej subject of crimping. He said—' There ? is a little crimping going on, but not so much aa there used to be. The men 'are over persnaded about wage». The best method for checking desertion is one which several cap tains have approved of, namely, to ship men for the voyage only. Men ship in England for tk round voyage, never intending to make it. If the crew -were paid off on arrival they would behave much better on the way, : because they .would then get a good dis charge.. Now they are utterly indifferent, because they mean to desert and ship again on a permit costing five shillings. This system would riot involve a great difference in the wages list, as it would rather increase the supply of men available to be shipped. The advance-notes should be abolished. ' As a matter of fact advance-notes have been abolished in form, but they exist in reality. Promissory notes are i33ued, payable on the . men being placed aboard the ship. ? I have cited these representative opinions as indicating the trend of outside feeling aato desertion and crimping. But beyond the financial aspect another equally impor tant arises, on this breach of contracts, A great deal cf legislation has been directed ' towards minimizing- the loss of life at sea. : One cause of the waste of human life there, is - under-manning, and that has been by 'Mr. 'George Lidgett, Chairman of the General 'Shipowners' Society at home, attributed Ies3 . to.the greed of the owners than to the prac tice of the sailors of not keeping their engage ments, and so compelling the ship either to sail shorthanded, .or with inferior hands picked up at the last moment. The case of the Temple Bar at Port Brouehton furnishes the most recent instance in point of the inconvenience to which a master may be put through the desertion, of his crew. Captain Felkin3 lost ten men while at anchorage, and it can be easily sup posed that an unexpected departure of to many hands might prove serious to the safety ' of a ship at a roadstead in the event of bad weather coming on and the anchors parting. Here the desertion was attributed to persons , on board some coasting craft, and, though the law provides a remedy, the probability ia that, as usual, the ship has sailed without its being availed of, because of the difficulties and delays attending a legal proof of the offence. Anyhow, the captain had to come to Port Adelaide, ship another crew, and take them back to the vessel at Port Broughton. It is the frequency of trouble like this that tends to impair the good feeling that captains should bear towards . Jack. There ia a form of desertion upon which I have said little, because it is outside the ordi nary character. Occasionally a crew commit an act of desertion pro formd in order to i bring under the notice of a Court some . grievance. Sometimes a ere at will resort to other means than desertion to get clear of a ship. Unscrupulous ' sea lawyers' will sow seeds of discontent all along the forepart of the ship, and start false charges to make the captain glad to try another set of hands. But these malcontents are the black sheep. I note that the number of seamen shipped \- and discharged at Port Adelaide during 1882 was 3,880, and in 1S83 4,370 ; while the number of deserters were 516 and 569 for the respective periods. Turning to the nationality of the deserters, in 1S83, the British sailors contri buted 310, the Swedish 81, the Norwegian 60, the Russian 33, the German 23, and 11 other nations the rest, including 2 Chinese. Taking the grades for the same year, the deserters included 5 mates, S. stewards, 12 cooks, 10 , carpenters, 6 sailmakera, 6 boatswains, 430 A-B.'8, 75 ordinary; seamen, 16 apprentices, . and a solitary purser. 