OPENING OF THE SALVATION ARMY BARRACKS. The barracks recently erected in Auburn-street for the Salvation Army were on Friday evening last opened with a tea and public meeting. The attend- ance at the tea was so great that three sittings were required to accommodate the wants of visitors. A number of the residents of Goulburn had contri- buted either in money or goods towards the expense of the tea, beside which, there were three tables given by Mesdames Cole, Cox, and Howard, and one by Mesdames Richmond, Roberts, Jones, and Surety collectively. The public meeting commenced as soon as the tables had been removed. The audience present filled the building to the doors, there being about 900 persons present. The members of the army occupied a raised dais at the end of the building, and upon the platform were several friends, who assisted in the business of the meeting. Mrs. Major Sutherland introduced Mr. W. Davies, mayor, as chairman, and the announcement was received with applause. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of the hymn beginning, "Jesus, the name high over all!" Captain Canty then offered prayer. Mrs. Major Sutherland apologised for the absence of Major Sutherland, who had only returned from Bathurst as she was leaving for Goulburn, and was detained in Sydney, but he hoped to be present the next evening in company with his A.D.C., when he would appoint a treasurer and secretary to the Goul- burn corps and submit the balance-sheet. Mrs. Sutherland then read a part of the 7th chapter of 2nd Chronicles; afterwards, with a few appropriate remarks, she declared the barracks opened and dedicated to God's work in the name of the Father, Sons, and Holy Ghost, and William Booth, General of the Salvation Army, and called upon the soldiers to "fire a volley," which was accordingly done by repeating the word "Amen." Another hymn, entitled " We are bound to the land of the pure and holy " was sung. The chairman read notes of apology for their absence from the Rrvs. A. H. D'Arcy-Irvine and G. James; also a letter from Rev. G. M. D'Arcy-Irvine, acknowledging an invitation with thanks. The Chairman said he believed a number of persons were surprised to see him in the position of chairman of that meeting, not because he had failed in showing his sympathy with every Protestant move- most in Goulburn for the last thirty years, but in that up to that time he had never publicly expressed any interest in the movements of the Salvation Army. He was not present in his capacity as mayor, nor as a Wesleyan, but he claimed to be the representative of a great number who, although they might not agree with everything the army did, still thought they were working in God's cause. He would be candid with the audience, and state where he dis- agreed with the Salvationists, and would say at the same time that the distance he went with them was farther than the distance he could not travel with them. He did not go with them in the matter of trumpets and tambourines, and he thought that the music they had was sometimes questionably good music. He would therefore advise his friends, the Salvationists, to study the theory and practice of music a little more than they do. He was now at the end of his disagreement with the army, and would tell them that he admired their bravery, their self-denial, and their utter indifference to the opinions of others. It seemed to him that the members of the army had studied the question of what is right, and having decided it they bravely went forward. He did not think that he (the speaker) had any right to say that they were wrong in the manner they adopted in saving souls. Although he might not be found often at their meetings, they might rest assured they had his prayers. (Applause.) Another hymn was sung. The Chairman then stated that each speaker would be allowed five minutes, and called upon. Mr. L. Railton, who said as he had a cousin who stood very high in the work, he would be a traitor to his name if he did not show sympathy with the Army. He urged the members to try to reclaim the number of young persons who wander about the streets of a Sunday evening and never enter a place of worship. Mr. F. C. Pettit expressed his pleasure at being present, and related his experience of the good the army was doing in New Zealand, Victoria, and Sydney. The Misses Percival sang " Waiting and Watch- ing," during which a collection was made in aid of the fund for providing seats for the building. Mr. Tudor, in an earnest address, dwelt upon the pleasures of being saved and then saving others. Mr. J. Worrall expressed his pleasure at being present, and said he could not understand Metho- dists not feeling at home in a Salvation meeting. He bore witness to to the good that he had seen result- ing from the work of the Army in Goulburn, and was glad that some who were drones in their church had become active members of the Army. Mr. J. J. Waddell said he was present because he considered it to be his duty, and wished them God- speed in their good work. Mr. R. Craig humorously described the remarks that were passed at his assisting the Army on their first arrival in Goulburn. The Chairman, in a few closing remarks, said that since the earliest times persecution only strengthened any cause. He believed the Salvation Army had not only rescued people from the gutter, but had caused many in the different churches to throw off their in- differentism, and become active workers for God. In reference to the building, when the person owning it came to him for permission to erect it, he wanted to put up a wooden building, but he advised him to build it of brick, and from trial of it that evening he believed they had a building which would well answer its purpose. Mrs. Sutherland announced that they had eleven or twelve corps in New South Wales, and several more would shortly be opened by the Major. That building had been leased to them for five years by Mr. Mayo, whom she hoped God would bless. At the end of the lease they might be in a position to buy the building. The doxology was sung, the benediction pro- nounced by the chairman, and the meeting termi- nated. Another meeting, numerously attended, was held on Saturday, at which Major Sutherlanud and his A.D.C. were present. The services on Sunday were also largely attended. The building known as the barracks is situate next to Mr. Barber's new shops, on grounud leased from Mr. George Mayo. It is of brick, with galvanized iron roof. It is 80ft. long, 28ft. wide, and will accommodate about 900. At the further end a plat- form is erected, with a raised dais and two stained glass windows, and on the southern side there are four windows and two doors, and at the entrance end two more windows, and a large entrance door. At the back, three rooms are erected as a residence for the officer in charge of the corps. There is also a room underneath the platform. The builder was Mr. James Armstrong, and he has fulfilled his work in a satisfactory manner. The building cost about £600, and was about six weeks in course of erection. 