Tlic Desperado and the Puritan. ABOUT the year 18§1 the most influential man in San Antonia was an alleged desperado ?amed Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Antonia he did not re duce the census at all, but that vv'as not his fault. He had a seductive way of drawing bis eighteen-incli Arkansas toothpich and ex amining it critically with a sinister smile while humbly requesting the temporary loan of $5. Thus was it that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm' perianal friend?, jiat ctgajingJ30 - toie* aja, ^herewsrerumor s that -Bob was playing- fcluffbat 'that was , after he had marched away.. Ifc was during the reign of Bob. Augustine, "the long-range roarer o£ Calaveras Canyon,*' as Ke.familiarly called himself, that a youfig man from Boston, named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably in Hearoh of health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gone in consumption, and nothing but tbe fact that he had but a short time to live, unless the climate of western Texas saved him, induced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, "Winthrop did not care to insult public de cency by going unarmed. Besides, such a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration, to health as putting on,a clean shirt. L'His Puritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms,, so r ho\re sorfoiT to artifice. He wore a holster, but, instead of keeping a pistol in .it, he had his . cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. - On the contrary, -Win throp was looked up to by the .best altizerfs just the same as if he was loaded; down witH deadly weapons. Of course, everybody tried to make the stranger IronrMuaaiichneetts feef as comfortable as if he was at homo-. Bo he was told all about Bob'Augustine, the"i^g. ranged roarer, at least ten times a day, aiwi he was advised not to be partioular in Hskirig\ security for the debt in case the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless'he (Winthrop) did not wish to regain his health. The long-ranged roarer sauntered into Winthrop's room at the hotel, but before the desperado could .open his mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at' his pistol holster to get at his money to ap pease the would-be assassin.' On the other hand, as soon as the roarer saw Wintbirop trying to get out his pistol he. turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all . ? over him, and-he extended his hand and said tremblingly: "Don't draw, good-Mr. -Yankee. I was only trying to fool yon. My bold. Arkansas heart beats for you, my boy. I- Jest ^wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any turned galoot get the;drop on you. If anybody-in sults you just tell them that Bob Augustine, ; the roarer, is your friend." -; :. - "Winthrop, who. was more scared, if-"pos sible, than the roarer, replied : " Oh, I'll give you what yoo want," and .. kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. , : . - "With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off. the sash, and ran'down Commodore street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, " Police 1 ? police 1" closely plircued by Winthrop, who kept.on "tugging at his holster, trying to get out hi3 money, he believing that the desperado was running to hi3 room to procure a shot-gun with which, to commit murder. All that afternoon Win throp. kept on hunting the roarer, to pur chase peace on any terms, and the roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras ^canyon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day, for having run pff the terror of the Alamo City/ 