ITALY. There is no city in the world which cau compare with Rome in the variety, the strangeness, and the magnitude of the contrasts -presented bv its life, nast and present. Other cities present the doublo aspect of the life of to-day and tlio life of the long-buried past. Modern Athens goes about her business under tho shadow of the ruins peopled by the ghosts of the men and women of her golden age. Through the ruined palaces and round the mouldering tombs of the groat Mohammedan rulers surges the restles3 tide of human lifo to-day. Endless are the instances which might be cited of this mingling of the new and old — a mingling which only serves to bring into sharpest prominence the contrast between the two. Put in this respect Rome- Btanda pi. * eminent. Athens lived her short and glorious life, and fell into a deep sleep, which has lasted for many centuries. Sow, it is true, the blood begins again to flow more freely through her veins, but even yet she is hardly awake. Rome, on the other hand, may be said never to have slept. No sooner had one phase of her life come to an end than & new growth arose, as it were, like aPhcenix, out of the ashes of the old. Rome under her kings, Rome the Republic, Rome the inporial city, gave place to one another, and laid the foundations of and finally made way for Medieval Rome. As heir of the Rome of the middle ages came Papal Rome of modern days; and now, as the latest ? growth of all, we have Royal Homo once more, a priceless jewel set in the furehead of United Italy. And all these changes, with their mar vellous contrasts, are found recorded in; . the stones of the Eternal City. Over the heathen temples stand mediwval Churches in which the men and women of to-day still worship. Under some palace of tho middle ages we find some gateway o£ earliest Rome. In the midst of a great thoroughfare bearing to and Jto all the traffic of a capital city -stands, like a sentinel of the past, a fragment of the famous wall built by me of Rome's great kings. These contrasts are endless, and make that wonderful city unlike any thing else in the world. And very typical are these contrasts of the present state of affaira, political,, and religious. In ono palace lives the King of Italy, tho representative and head of a nation united at last after long, trouble and misfortune, and determined that that unity shall be a living force. On behalf of hia people, and with their full support, the King- has claimed &nik;' virtually taken possession of this, th'©- chief city in his kingdom, to be it» capital. In another palace not far off jia to be found His Holiness the Pope, thV head of a great religion, the representa tive and embodiment of all that is obii-^ aervati ve, anti- national, and unprogressive,'. claiming not only a spiritual dominion; throughout the world, but also temporal1 dominion over the great city in which' Jua-5 lives. He and his advisers cannot eveni yet bring themselves to face what is yir? ' tually an accomplished fact — viz., that - temporal power had passed finally away'' from the Holy See. This tenacity la characteristic of the Papacy. United and independentltaly is not to the liking of the Papal Church, which would much prefer I to keep the people in ecclesiastical leairi1 ing strings. This opposition to national' progress is so..ineffectual that it would, hfiL policy if nothing else were the Pope to listen to some of his clergy who have had; the courage to speak out and advise the renunciation of these futile claims. The truth is that this struggle between the1 head of the Church and the head of the1 nation is in some quarters telling seriously1, against the Church, and the existence jj of religion in Italy is in some degree of ' peril. With the joy and the vigour of .&?!' revived national life upon them, it is not1 open to much doubt what will be the* people's choice if the alternative of reli gion or patriotism be thrust upon them. What it will be is indicated by certain ;j recent occurrences. A year or two ago Count CatnpeJlo, a Canon of St. Peter's, seceded from the Papal Church, gave up-i his oflice, and abjured a great numbtjr of the tenets ofBoman Catholicism. He was welcomed with open arms by the Anglican Church, both English and Ame- , rican. The late Archbishop of Can terbury and many English prelates and clergy at once held out the right hand of fellowship, although the Count -did not join the Anglican Communion. This occur rence led to the initiation of a movement in Rome on the lines of the Old Catholic movement in Germany under Dr. Dollin ger. The initiation of this movement in. Italy has been conducted by Dr. Nevin, the Chaplain of the .American Church in- Rome, a liberal and able man, and ha3 met -with a certain, amount of success. More recently an event has happened which will materially strengthen tha._ nascent Church' and give the movehjaSK a fresh impulse. Monsignore SavaYese, Domestic Chaplain to the Pope, and holding other high offices, and bung in rank next to a Cardinal, ha3 thrown up everything and publicly joined the new communion. Such an event is significant, i Savarese has^ great influence, and it ia alleged that- others have - only been waiting for a leader to take a like course, and, moreover, that some within the Vatican itself are wishing the movement godspeed. Already semcea,.. are being regularly held in Italian, and * evening classes,' with Bible-roadlng have'' been established. As has been already said, ? this is not a strictly Protestant movement, ; though founded on protest ; but the form it has taken is more likely to attract the Italians to it than more pronounced Pro testantism. Tlie main points upon which the new movement differs from Roman Catholicism are the rejection of the infalli bility of the Pope, of all sacraments ex cept baptism and the Lord's Supper, of the celibacy of the clergy, worship of the Virgin, and auricular confession, besides other minor matters. From 'what has been said it will bo' seen. what importance this movement has, originating, as it has done, in. the stronghold of the Papacy, and having, as it has, for its object f.th'e promo- tion of quite a different idea of religion from that which, the .Church of- Rome ?supports. 'The people have been taught to lean upon the priesthood and the Church, and now that Church and State are placed one against the other, the danger, as we have said, is the abandon ment of religion. Every Protestant com munity cannot fa;l to bestow upon this new religious movement their sympathy. So far as the Yatican suffera or w;U suffer in consequence it has itself to blame. It is quite time that the Pope and his ad visers Bet their house in order, and in regard to the question of temporal do minion took a resolution to reconcile them selveB to the inevitable. ArsorsrazsTi of Me. Pabsoss, — The Hon. J. L Pan.on3 (Minister of Education) has at length decided to accept the position of- Government Resident for 'the Northern Territory, and the Cabinet on Monday formally agreed to the appointment. The vacant portfolio will be filled by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., the member for East Torrens, who will be sworn in at an early date. In consequence of the appointment Mr. Parsons will not offer himself for re-electioa for the Constituency of North Adelaide, and in another column will be found his reply to the address which wa3 presentsd to him by the electors of that district requesting him to againbecomeacandidatefortheifsufirage3. In order,' however, that a special election may not be rendered necessary for the district, Mr. Parsons will not resign M3 seat, but will remain a member of Parliament until the proclamation dissolving it is issued in about a fortnight's time. He will leave for the Territory some time before the middle of next month. Stepesdiaht Magistrate for thb Nobtheks Tehhitoht.— Mr. T. K. Pater has been appointed to this position, and he ?will leave for Port Darwin with the newly appointed Government Resident about the middle of April. H.M.S. SwDfGEB.— This vessel, which arrived off the Semaphore unexpectedly on Sunday evening, steamed into Port Adelaide abont noon to-day, and is at present moored in the stream opposite Prince'3 Wharf. 'When she is thrown open for inspection she will no doubt receive a large number ot visitors. The Fbench Steameb Melbourne.— The Messaged* Maritimea steamer Melbourne, which left Port Adelaide for Marseilles on February 4, passed Port Said on the 4th insi. Pbobates and Letters of ADiinnsTKA tiojt.— The following have been : granted from Wednesday to Saturday last:— Pro bates— E. Hancock, £3,800 ; Thomas Duell, £450 ; W. E. Wiilcoeks, £3,550; J. W. P. Laugrehr, £1,QCO. Letters of Administra tion.— J. M. Skipper, £500. The Nobwood.Fires.— The City Coroner commenced an inquest on Monday on the tire at Penschke's shop in Charles-street, with the origin of which it is sought to con nect the man Drew, who was arrested on Friday last. Eight witnesses were examined, who gave evidence as to the circumstances immediately connected with the -fire, the actions of a man who was seen running from the fire, and the movements of Drew just previous to the outbreak of the fire. The inquest was adjourned till Friday morning next at 10 o'clock to allow the police to obtain more evidence. ; The CoraisT. is the Fab. Nobth.— As showing the depressed state of affairs in the North, we quote the following from a correspondent at tnnamincka, 'He writes *?- ' I have been here five months, and of fifty cattle I have lost all but two. Five months' idle time ; my savings of eight years all gone, and my family, whom I left as comtortable as any family in the colony, almost unprovided for. Stock are dying in thousands, and everything is going to the bad. There is no feed,, little water, and rations are running short.'. ;.' -;' ' Nobth Adelaide Institute.— At the meeting of the committee of this Institute, held on March 7, under the presidency of the Minister of Education, it was reported that the Bishop had kindly promised to give a lecture in the Town Hall oa 'Some Forms of Ice,' with illustrations by the oxy bydrogen light. It was resolved that His Excellency the Governor be asked to take the chair on that occasion, and that popular prices be charged for admission. The Secre tary (Mr. C. Prond) reported that about £750 would yet be required to pay for the cost of the building— which is likely to be completed next mouth— and for the gas-fittings and colourings. The Chairman, the Son Trea Burer (Mr. T. 'Wright), and the Mayor (Mr. W. Bnndey), were appointed a. subcom mittee to arrange for the gas- fittings and for the colouring of the walk and ceiling, and the Chairman and Mr. Wright were asked to select a pattern chair, and then call fcr tenders for seating the hall with chairs. Rainfall at Wossa.— Mr. Mather, at Wonna, reports as follows :— 'March 7, 0'650 inches'; March 9, 4'150 inches, which fell in four hours. .Weather still threatening.' Abbival of Hanlas.— A telegram from Auckland, received last night, announces that- Edward Hanlan, the famous oarsman, arrived at Auckland on Monday night by the mail steamer City of Sydney from San Francisco. Hanlan i3 expected to arrive in Sydney on Friday next, and will lose no time in preparing himself for the match with Elias Laycock. Builders' Picnic— On Friday last the ear ployds of Mr. James Williams, builder, of Port Adelaide, started by Hill & Co.'s coaches for Honghton, where they held their annnal picnic All kinds of sports were freely in dulged in, and afterwards, in the Travellers Eest Hotel, a capital repast was provided In due course toasts were honoured, Mr. James Williams, sen., being in the chair. Mr. L. M. Tier proposed the health of the Chairman. It must be very gratifying to Mr. 'Williams to see so many faces around him, more especially when they found the same ones every year, and that spoke volumes. Mr. Williams replied warmly and heartily. Councillor Cleave proposed 'The Workmen.' Every one was aware that the past season had not been a prosperous one, but he was confident that the workmen would take this circumstance carefully into consideration and endeavour to make up for it. ? Mr.' W. Boundy, oh behalf of the workmen, suitably responded. Various songs, given by Messrs. Tier, Renphrey, Bower, and W. Williams, enlivened the proceedings. Dancing was enjoyed in the large room until 6 p.m., when a gtei-B*was made for town, which was reached safely. . Satepatebs' Meetixg at Hixdmaksii. — On Monday evening, March 10, a meeting called by the Municipal Council took place in the Institute Hall. The Mayor (Dr. flees, J.P.) took the chair, and Councillors Weeka, Turton, Saunders, and King occupied seats on the platform. The Mayor read a, letter from, the Lands Titles Office, Adelaide, re questing to be furnished with the boundaries of the streets of the town, The Mayor said the Municipal Act made it compulsory for the Council to have a proper plan of the town, which should be in the Town Clerk's office for the inspection of ratepayers. It would be ? in the recollection of many that^at the last municipal election the Ques tion was asked the candidates whether they would rapport a resurvey of the town, and the answer was in the affirmative. The. Council bad power by the Act to defray the cost of the resurvey from the rates, but the Council asked for the sanction of the meeting to make a special rate of 3d. on the annual assessment, which would cover the cost. One year's rate wa3 all the Council asked for. Councillor King could say from experience that very considerable difficulty had often been felt in obtaining the street lines. Mr E. Gould Baid he had been aware for some time that a resur7ey wa3 required, and thought it would be wise policy on the part of the meeting to give the Council power to make a special rate. A fourpenny rate had formerly been spoken of, but that he had some hesitation in supporting. When a poll was taken last year on the question of a rate many of the ratepayers were under the impression that the rate asked for was to be an annual one, otherwise he thought the , result would have been different. He moved — ' That the Council have power to levy a *Tecial threepenny rate for a resnrvey of the Town of Hindmarsh.' Mr. George Burnell taid a reanrvey ? of the town onght to have been effected years ago, when the expense would have been very considerably less than it would cost at the present time. He had been informed that the Corporation could be compelled to give a street line, but under present circumstances- they were unable to do so. Mr. Burnell seconded the proposition. Mr. William Johns asked, provided the Council obtained the sanction to levy a rate, where would the starting-point be? The Mayor replied that the city boundary would probably be the starting-point. Mr. E. 'W. Palmer said, if the last Council had been as explicit in their statement when the ques tion was put before the ratepayers last year as the Mayor and Councillor King had put the matter that night, opposition would pro bably not have been offered to the special rate. A ratepayer enquired if the town had ever been surveyed. The Mayor— Yes, many yeara since, but in a very perfunctory manner. Mr. Joseph Ashton said that by giving the Council power to m^Va the rate the work conld be carried out by a threepenny rate, and if the Council defrayed the cost from the rates the Government subsidy on the amount would be lost, which would really mean a sixpenny rate. The motion, on being put, was carried by a large majority. The Mayor said that in accordance with the Act any sis ratepayers could demand a poll, but no response was made. About 200 persons were present, and the proceedings were very orderly. A vote of thanks ta the Mayor closed the meeting. Licensed Victuallers' Association.— The annual meeting of the Licensed Victual lers' Association was held on Monday even ing, March 10, in the Sir John ^Barleycorn Hotel. There was a good attendance. The annual report Bpoke encouragingly of the' success and future prospects of the organiza tion, and sixty-four new members were elected. The retiring President (Mr. E. Markey) was re-elected, and Mr. Brooks Vice-President. It was decided to establish a Vigilance Committee in large centres of population in the country districts. Fire at Theeaetox— On Monday evening a haystack belonging to: Mr.: W. White, of light-terrace, Thebarton, was burned, de spite the efforts of a large number of persons who endeavoured to subdue the flames. Shortly before S o'clock Constable Miller passed near the stack, which contained about thirty tons, but he'noticed nothing unusual. About half-past frthe fire was discovered, and information soon reached Superintendent Moore, who went down with a fire-reel, and with the assistance of a second reel succeeded in mastering the; flames, but the bay-left 'wa3 completely destroyed by water. It is very, unfortunate for Mr. White* who wap insured, but let his policy expire on the 5th of this month. Owing to the situation being some 200 yards from' the road, two hoses had: to be joined before' the firemen were enabled to play on the flames. Seven mounted police were dispatched from the barracks, but returned soonafterlQ o'clock, when all danger was over. - Progress asd Poverty. — Mr. E. P. Neafcit, of Adelaide, lectured on this subject before a fair audience in the Congregational Schoolroom, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, March 10. Tne chair was filled by Mr. W. E. Mattinson, M.P., and the lecture was under the auspices of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Literary Society. Mr. Nesbit first made some well-chosen remarks as to the power for good exercised by that and kindred Societies, and then addressed himself to his theme. To.thoss who had made no study of political economy he. offered some preliminary advice, recommending the careful reading of ' Political Economy for Beginners,' ) by the wife of Professor Fawcett, as well' as a work by the Professor himself offering a capital resume of the whole question. Every one was familiar with the grand ' schemes , promulgated at intervals for the ameliora tion of the condition of societyi the whole of which schemes were incomplete, and left the question of the increase of wealth and the co-existent- increase of poverty to be ex plained by the assertion that it was the fault of the poor people. The speaker dealt at some length with the Malthusian doctrine, which he thought George's work quite con troverted. He expressed his entire ad herence with Mr. George's views, with the exception of the confiscation of lands, though even for that there were in England to be found some not altogether bad reasons. But it was' the duty of South Australians to avoid the mistakes of older conntrie3. They had to ' paddle their own canoe,' and let England work out the problem for her self. They who believed in the theory wanted to make the year 1884 for . ever memorable as being when it was perceived by the intelligent South Australian- nation that they had gone on wrong Iine3 in their land laws, and that for the future land should be held on. some different principle to that hitherto known, and that the ' unearned increment' should go to the community at large, which produced it. The speaker succeeded ia entertaining his hearers for considerably over an hoar, though apologizing for treating the subject in such a broad and general way ; ibut as the audience was not one of advanced students in political economy lie 1 l^ught it best. At the close of the lecture '„?' ? ~te of thanks to Mr. Neabit was proposed by Mr. E. H. Derrington, J.P., seconded by Mr. E. Govett, and carried unanimously. . Serious Assault. — At the City Police Court on Monday a strong able-bodied man named Michael McDermott was charged with feloniously assaulting his wife. It appeared that the man, who lives in a lane off Grenfell street, got into a row on Saturday, and was rather bruised, his face bearing traces of having been roughly handled. He was taken to the Hospital, and the wounds were dressed. The man then went home and savagely assaulted his wife, kicking her so savagely that he ruptured a bloodvessel, causing her to lose such a quantity of blood that her life was in danger. When she was conveyed to the Hospital she was in a state of collapse, being almost pulseless. After being treated1 she recovered somewhat, and is now in a fair way to recovery. The case was remanded until March 18, as the woman is unable to attend before then. Thb Cricket Match in Melbourne.— Owing to a heavy fall of ram the cricket match, between the Australian Eleven and fifteen of Victoria could not be continued on Monday. The City and Suburban Steam Bbick makixg Company, — The first ordinary general meeting of the City and Suburban Steam Brickmaking Company, Blackwood, was held at No. 9, Hindley-street, on Mon day, March 10. There was a. small atten dance. The Chairman (Mr. F. J. Botting) explained that the meeting' was merely a formal one. The Secretary (Mr. W. D. Hawer) read the statement of accounts, ?which showed a balance in hand of £386 lls. Gd. The Chairman said the Company wanted all the money it could get from the share3 to start business, as until operations were begun and sales made there would be no income. They required the whole of the outstanding calls paid up, in order to make a satisfactory commencement. Seven thousand pounds would have to be expended on the machinery and works. At present some of the . calls were not paid up, and there were £1,100 in outstanding- calls, and the Directors would be glad if the shareholders would pay up at once. Contracts had been entered into for building, erecting machinery, &c;, which wonld have to be provided lor. Another call of 2s. Gd. per share would be made payable on April 17, and if the money was forthcom ing as it should be the Company wonld be able to go on well enough till the nest caH He [hoped by the next half-yearly meeting to be able to report; that the Company was in full operation, and he anticipated a very suc cessful future. : The meeting then closed. Local Option at Norwood.— A well attended local-option meeting was held hi the Norwood Town Hall on Monday evening, March 10, and at one time there must have been quite 500 persons present, but when the division was taken the number was reduced to about forty. The Mayor of Norwood {Mr. K. St. Barbe-Milkr) presided, and theBevs. J. Y. Simpson and D. O'Donnell argued in favour of local option, and submitted a motion to the effect that local option wa3 desirable. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., took the opposite side of the question, and Mr. North more proposed and Mr. Budge. seconded an amendment, that local option was cot de sirable. The amendment was declared carried, ' a 'number of youths; who sat' thev meeting out, voting in its favour. The meeting lasted nearly three hours and a half, and during Mr. O'Donnell's speech a cry of ' Fire' was raised by some personal in the hall, and for a few minutes a stampede was threatened ; but the Mayor averted this re sult, and order was restored, although by the time Mr. Northmore was ^halfway through the audience were tired and left. Port Adelaide Caledonian Society.— The ordinary monthly meeting of this Society was held at the Working Men's Hall, Dale-street, on Monday evening, March 10. The Chief (Mr. W. Christie) waa in the-chair, and there was a fair attendance, After the usual formal programme had been disposed of a number of vocal and instrumental selec tions and recitations were given by members and friends, and an enjoyable evening was apent. Prior to the commencement of busi ness a strong-lunged Scot, parading in front of the Hall, 'gave national selections on the bagpipes to the wonder and delight of the juveniles. UsrV-ESSAL MASrSE ISBTJBAUCE COMPAST, Limited. — We have received from Mr. L. A. JeESop, the Adelaide agent, the twenty-fourth annual report and balance-sheet of this Company. We extract from it the following figures : — The net premiums for the year amounted to £170,815 18s. 44, while the balance to the credit of interest account was £13,932 12s. 8i, making, with the balance from last account, a total of £313,210 133. Sd- The claims paid during the year reached the -am of £124,117 17s. 3d., and the expenses were £18,777 5s. lid. A dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared on July 1, and the Directors now recommend a further payment at the same rate with a bonus of 2 J percent, making a total distri bution for the year of 12£ per cent.' The assets of the Company amount to £446,045 15a. 5d. . . : A Mammoth Cucumber.— Mr. W. B. Orchard has sent us a giant cucumber grown by him at Eastwood, near Parkside, on virgin soil, with scarcely any manure and ?very little water. The seed was brought from Vienna by Mr. Ziegler. Willunga Items. — Our Willunga corre spondent, under date March 8, writes :— ' A heavy thunderstorm passed over the town Bhip this morning between land 2 o'clock. The storm, however, appears' to have been heaviest on the south side of the range, and in the neighbourhood of Square Waterholes it is said to have been the severest experienced for several years. The Rev. E. K. Miller met with an accident this week. He was doing something in the garden which required him to ascend' a ladder, when he fell from the ladder and broke his arm.' . What Victoriansthetk ofoub Ministry. !—The Leader writes : — 'It must have been with a keen sense of ^humiliation and disap pointment that the' South Australian Ministry inspired, the speech proroguing Parliament last week, The session had been literally wasted. Their financial policy had been subjected to treatment that none but a weak-kneed Government would have tole rated. .... If the Government were strong, and possessed the confidence of ths country, the Council would not have dared to throw out the property and income tax, having due regard to the financial position of the country. The members of the Upper House, true to the instincts and traditions of similar legislative bodies, declined to contri bute their just quota to the expenses of the State, hoping for immunity for then selfish ness and lack of patriotism in the absence of -the potentiality, attaching to public opinion,. ? and the knowledge' that neither the Adminis tration nor 'the Assembly had the pluck to resent their action. The consequence is that the sister colony will be crippled at the close of the financial year. . . . All thi3 pre sents a' gloomy outlook for' so' promising a colony, but a Ministry that exists' on suffer ance, and accepts defeat and contumely with meekness, can hope for no grace, so that unless Mr. Bray and his associates relinquish their hold upon the Treasury bench nothing can be looked for but disaster.' Federation Prospects. — The present state of the federation movement (Bays the Leader J is anything but auspicious. In Queensland Mr. Griffith has postponed the whole question of federation till next session, , on the ground that there is not now time to deal with it properly, and haa only carried the resolutions in favour of annexation. In Adelaide the motion has been talked out in the Assembly, though there was no real ob jection to it, except from Mr. Tomkinson, an ex-banker, who is too crotchety to carry any weight. It will be difficult to blame the Engliah .Government if it treats what has happened as proof -that the delegates at the Sydney Conference were rather in advance of public opinion than Teally supported by it. New South Wales has now a great oppor tunity, if she can only rise to it. If her Par liament proceeds at once to pass the fesolu .tions, .and is followed immediately by Victoria, the chances are that the resolute action' of the two premier colonies, compris ing as they do three-quarters of the- popula- tion of the continent, '.will be accepted in Downing-street as sufficient. If she delibe rately wastes time or follows the precedent of Queensland, it will then be far Victoria to consider if she cannot act by herself. It is not certain that because . Sir Thomas McB-wraith's hasty and violent procedure was disavowed by the Imperial Government, England wonld therefore refuse to act in concert with a single colony. Meanwhile, as the united action of the colonies would be incomparably preferable, we may. hope that. Mr. Start will redeem the pledges he virtually gave at Sydney, when he agreed to the reso lutions proposed. The colonies will look rather ridiculous in England if they recede now from a position which was taken up with so much formality. Government Tenders.— The following tenders were receixed at the Government Offices on Monday, March 10, at the follow ing departments, viz. :— Engineer-in-Chiefs — . For repainting and tarring the Jetty, re ceiving-shed, and lifeboat-shed at Kobe, one tender, T. & Milstead. For repainting and tarring the jetty at Port MacDonnell, two tenders, A. Pickett Hydraulic Engineer's Department— For supplying deal troughing at the Sewage Farm, Islington, nine tenders, not declared. For the excavation of trenches, &a;, on ,the Sewage -Farm, Islington, five tenders, not declared. Gleselg WfcSLEYAN Chpbch.— Tea and public meetings connected with the anniver sary of this Church are to be held to-day. Builders' Labourers' Society. — A special meeting is to be held at the Sir John Barleycorn. Hotel to-night. : Home fob lNCUBABLEs.-rThe Secretary has received through Mr. Charles Birks a cheque for £20,. being a bequest to the Home by the late M*\ H. Xngham. - ;. : .. . Catholic Sdxldiho Society.— A special meeting of the Catholic Permanent Building and Investment: Society was held at the office en Monday night for the purpose of electing -.five Directors. -Dr^ O'Connell pie . Bided, and - the following 1 gentlemen were appointed to fill the vacancies on the Direc torate:— Dr. O'Connell (Chairman), Messrs. H. G. a.ye.J; J. Leahy, P. Whelan, and .M.H. Davis. : . ;.. . .:..-...; n : , ' WoBKnro Mes's Dkbatikg Society.-— Tae second meeting for the formation of a De bating Society ul connection ^with tha Work Ing Men's Club was held in the Clubrooms on Monday night, when Mr. Archibald pre sided, and there was a fair attendance. The following officers were elected :— President, Mr. Archibald } Vice-Presidenta, Messrs. Jones and Dean ; Secretary, Mr. Fogg. The date for the first debate was fixed. G Compasy (HnnjMARSH) Adelaide Bjfees, V.M.F. — We are informed that Colour-Sergeant Owen Hargrove, of this com pany, -when class-firing on Wednesday last made the splewlid score «£38poini3 (out of a possible 40) at 800 yards. We believe this scoie has never been made in the colony before with the Martini-Henry rifle. He has made the grand total of 195 points during his class-firing this year. The Coming Regatta. —The programme of the City of Adelaide Regatta, which has been arranged under the auspices of the Corporation, is published elsewhere. It is hoped there will be a large number of entries for each event, and, as the citizens1 are sub scribing liberally in order that the regatta may be worthy of the capital of Hie colony and the fine sbeet of water the citizens possess, there is no doubt that the regatta will be a success. 