HERR AVONDALE VOGRICII'S SOIREE. The fifth soiree of this interesting series was given last night in the old Masonic Hall inthe presence of numerous and appreciative audience. The programme opened with the movement from Schubert's, Quartette in D minor, that which is based upon the opening, the case of i" Death and the Maiden,", with the series of scholarly and beautiful varia- tions. The work has been several times heard in Sydney, and grows in favour the hotter it is known. The interpretation was very good, each player loyally giving his best energy to his work. One variation gives, special prominence to the 'cello ; of this Herr Gumprioh fully availed himself. The large and Presto from Beethoven's trio (op. 10 which, from its mystic, weird character, has been named "The Ghost," was the concluding number of the first part. This if for piano, violin, and 'cello, and was admirably played. The music is very interesting, and may be interpreted as representing a picturesque valley, through whose venerable cloisters the night wind murmur-, and the son daubed walls give back the water in tuneful shops, and the rising wind howls again and again with solemn force ; it is a ktranRo movement, well were thy of the tone poet ; the players of each number were called Madame Vogrich sang three very attractive selections-" Convitn partly," from tho"Doughter of the Regiment;" the famous Jewel song from " Faust," and the increase of Schubert, with an accompaniment by pianoforte and strings-, a delicious arrangement, which created a perfect furore of enthusiasm. The serenade is well known, and has been heard in various tones, but is none so attractive as this combination, voice, airings, and piano in delightful rivalry; after two recalls the audience refused to bosun's fund, and the talented singer repeated the last verse. The rendering of each solo was excellent, and the first was greeted with several bouquets. M. de Willimoff. played with graceful ease Raff's Cavatina, and Herr Vogrich gave, in masterly style, the sonata (op. 67) which lover of Beethoven have named the Appassionata, his own Polonaise, and the Valse Caprice of Rubinstein, with brilliant effect. In these concerts Herr Yopricb bus unswervingly maintained the high standard which, as a teacher, he feels, essential to the true progress of art which assuredly exercises of beneficial influence, on the taste of the colony. While recognising to the full the charm of national music, and of popular tunes, it must be remembered that these alone cannot educate the rising generation. Physically, all know that a diet exclusively of sweets is most pernicious ; lollies are very good, but they are for occasional indulgence. The applause of the audience proved how heartily the music was appreciated. A concert was given in the Protestant Hall last night in connection with the movement to raise funds for the purpose of erecting a suitable memorial at the grave of the late Mr. C. C. Chizlett; who was for some time a public teacher of singing in this city. There was a very good attendance, and Mr. John Wright provided over The meeting. An anthem in memory of Mr. Chizlett, "Rest, O Rest " (Handel), was rendered by the choir. A well-chosen programme had been prepared, and the different numbers were much appreciated by those present. A very pleasant evening was passed in listening to the several items, which were given in a manner that was highly creditable to those who took part in the concert, The following persons acted as accompanists : Miss Eldridge, Miss Fairfax, Mr. Montague Younger, Mr. Albert Fisher, and Messrs. J. and A. Maisey. Mr. P. D). McCormick performed the duties of conductor. 