Joffll &®mml §tw. On dii in Obtervet^-Tbat Mr. Norton, the member for Port Curtis, wants £10,000 for deepening the Narrows. That it would be far cheaper to the country to buy out the people of Gladstone altogether. L\ the Supreme Court last week M. L. Martin, of Rockhampton, was granted a cer tificate of discharge in insolvency ; and an order was made to close the insolvency of William Henry Bradbury, of Capella. We are indebted to Mr. G. H. Brewster, *™»t«M Clerk of Petty Sessions, for the information that the number of dogs registered since the 1st instant is 6D8. Tnieismuch in excess of those registered last year, there only being 237 entered in the records of the Court in 1883. The prosecutions by the police seem to have had a good **Bfyti as owners* of doss are tnwi titling o ***** the advisability of **~*r-pin1iiig & aiming in preference to being fined, and having their names published, anfiafterall being compelled to comply with the Act. * As accident happened on Monday morning at the intersection of Campbell and Denham Streets to am old man named James Strnby. It appears that Struby was driving a horse and dray, but not being able to manage tie hocse he ran the dray against the bridge over a culvert st the opot indicated. Stroby jumped oat of the cart and attempted to stop the horse, but -somehow got jammed between the shafts of the dray and the bridge. The horse bolted, bat was stopped by Mr. J. H. Lee, cab proprietor, who uappened to be near at the tame. Sjtrnby was luckily not severely injured. ?$Ok Saturday last a party of gentlemen who were engaged fishing in the Fitzroy opposite the Glenmore homestead observed tine singular and rare phenomenon of a water -spout in the nror* The water rose to a con* aiderable height, probably from twenty to thirty feet, above the ordinary level. It was, as is usually the case with waterspontB, shaped like an hour-glass, and on subsiding' caused considerable disturbance in the water. The noise caused by the whirling motion could be distinctly beam at a distance of a quarter of a mile, and the gentleman who described the phenomenon to us states that it was as inte resting as it WB8 fifiimnfcl A labgelt attended meeting of Conrt Robin Hood of Foresters was held at the Pro testant Hall on Wednesday evening. Brother G. H. Wild, C.R., presided, and was assisted by Brother F. Idnthwaite, P.D.C.R- There was a very large attendance, and in the course of the proceedings eight new members were initiated into the order amongst tlipni being Mr. J. C. Williamson, Mayor of Rock hampton. Two members from English lodges were also affiliated. The meeting was one of the most successful of the kind ever held in Rockhampton. A -;eatleman occupying a magisterial posi tion in town has propounded some questions arising out of the following incident. After breakfast the other mornimz he was about to proceed to town, when it occurred to him that he might delay hiw departure half an hour. He did so, and at the end of that time was laying down the hook he had been read ing, when the servant girl raised the alarm of ' snake in the house.' He procured a lethal m eapon, and despatched a goodly-sized veuomous brown tnake. Now come the questions. Was hits delayed de parture purely accidental ? Was he moved to remain to ward off danger from hie family ? ceptible premonition? A coERESPONOEST writes from Anakie Central Railway :— At present the country here has the same parched aspect which it seems characterises far too many districts. A thunderstorm last week, with a heavy gaje of wind almost apsetting several humpies in the camp, passed over us, but with the un fortunate circumstance of leaving no rain. Contractor Fox is busy working with a gang of men malting a dam, which, when finished, will, I think, be the best on the line. The cottage, office, and schoolroom combined, which was .previously advertised in your oojumns, have at last been commenced, and it ie expected they will be completed before Christinas. People who have fa- mil io^ along the line wiil cody be tooriad when the school is trains last month. Consequently there nu been no school for them. Mb. Johs Coxway, the manager, of .the F-nglifth Eleven just arrived in the colonies, has written to the Hon. Secretary of the Rockhampton Cricket Club, stating the terms on which the Englishmen will give « two davs' exhibition oftheir skill on the banks of the Fitzroy. Mr. Conway's demand for this luxury is £450, the steamer fares from and back to Maryborough, and the hotel expenses of the team (thirteen) whilst at Rockhampton. What says our Association to such an offer.? I- the Gowrnowxt Gazctte*t Saturday last a list was published of the legal arrangements for 1885\. Tbecrinunal and civil sittings at Rock hampton are fixed for the 7th January, 8th April, 15th Jnne, and 9th September ; for Gladstone, tbe 5th January, 7th April, and 7th September; Springsure, 20th June and Sth December ; Clermont, 23rd June and Uth December; Win ton, 1st July and 28th December ; Muttaburra, 4th July and 24th December ; Aramac, 6th July and 22nd December; BlackaU, 9th July and 17th December ; and Tambo, 13th July and 15th December. It will have been noticed that Messrs. A. J. Richardson and Co. have lately secured the laud recently occupied by Mr. C. Nome on the north bank of the river, and have been making preparations for starting an extensive basinessthereatan early date. Theyhavegained the consent of the Council of North Rocknarap ton, and have erected a weurh-bridffe on the roadway, and offices inside the paddock. , A large shed has also been constructed, in tie centre of the allotment, which' has been securely fenced, and a Tan/rye engine and boiler, which are now on doe ground, will be erected in a few weeks. Messrs. Richardson and Co. have imported saw-benches and saws and also chaff-cutter and corn cracker, and will shortly be able to compete vith firms on this eiSe of the river in catting wood and ^laff, and «*Ttt/»ir7Tig com. They have the advantage of a water frontage, and will be able to convey goods across the river in punts. They also intend to establish a coal depot, and ere long we may expect to see work in foil swing. The enterprising proprietors evidently have faith in the rapid development of North Rbckhamptori, and it is to be hoped they wit! not be disappointed. A meetbcg of gentlemen interested in the equipment of a prospecting party was held in tbe Belmore Anns on Monday Afternoon. There were about twenty present, - and the Mayor (Mr. J. C WaUamson) was voted to the chair. The minutes of tiie pre vious meetb^ were read and confirmed. The Chairman expressed a hope that those gentle* men who had not qualified themselves £jy tbe payment of« guinea would do eo, as it was unfair to those who had that they should be allowed to exercise the privflece of votmc. TheSecretary(Mr. W.J. Camming) intimated that he had -collected £53 10s.t end read over the list of subscribers ; and the Treasurer (Mr. A. Reid) said he bad deposited the money . in the bank. The total amount collected was £60 10s., five gentlemen having called on him and paid milm.i iiiliniiSi Mr. D. Wiley asked if any .communication had been forwarded to the Government, and the Treasurer said be had neglected doing so as so many people had expressed their willingness to subscribe, and toe was confident that ^nf4b'ir £50 would be donated -if a sub committee were appointed to canvass the town. The Secretary was under the impres sion that a letter bad been forwarded to the Government, and he bad sent a telegram to Mr. Ferguson asking him to rapport their application. Mr. Wiley suggested that three or live guineas be given Mr. Cummins for hiR services, and moved the appointment of a committee, consisting of Messrs. Williamson, Reid, T. Irwin, J. TWakefield, and Wiley, to arrange all matters connected with th.e party and to solicit subscriptions. Mr. EL Sanders seconded the motion, and «aid they could not expect Mr. Camming to work unless he was awarded some remunera tion for hie services. Mr. W. R. Drape proposed as an amendment that a competent gentleman be appointed to collect subscrip tions and allowed five per cent, iimtewd of toe formation of a Committee. He had always found an unpaid collector was very slow. Mr. H. C. Campbell seconded the amend ment. Mr. Wakefield asked that his name be omitted as he had no time to collect subscrip tions. Tbe Chairman said it was not necessary the Committee should canvass the town ; all they would have to do would be to exercise supervision over collectors. Mr. A. Feez pointed out that the season wae a bad one, and such as to make prospecting an im possibility. It would be vise to appoint a Bub-committee, and by the time rain had fallen they would have a large sum in hand, ami prospecting would be productive of more besetic to the town titan it would now. They had plenty of time, and he should on that ground support the motion, as each member of the sub-committee proposed hail personal friends whom they could induce to subscribe. Mr. Drape agreed that a sab-committee was necessary, but paid collectors would work more energetic ally than those who received no re muneration for their services. The Chair man was under tbe impression that in matters of volantaxy subscriptions gentlemen who gave their time gratuitously were tl.t most successful. He had always found that to l-c the case in Kockhampton. The amendment ira lost, only thruc voting for it, and tlie motion was agreed to. The Chair man proposed that the remuneration to Mr. ^ Camming or any other collector be and was called to order by Mr. Iteh], who' remarked that be was usurping the functions of the sub-committee. He then moved that it be left to the committee to recommend what should be awarded Mr. Camming. Mr. A. Card moved that Mr. Camming be granted remarks from Mr. Feez And the Chairman, i was assented to. A general discussion took {dace, in the course of which it was decided all accounts should be settled, and that it should be Left to the committee to call a meet ing when atTsngementB were matured. Mr. Sounders made & suggestion that the com- ' mittee should endeavour to engage two com Cummins, if he was willing to form one of the party. It was absolutely necessary that gentlemen of experience and who could be relied on should be retained* The meeting then terminated. Pbobate was granted oat of the Supreme Court hurt: week in the estate of James Thom son, grader, of Rockhampton, who fell over board from the a.e. Victoria on 18th August, to Mrs. S. J. Thomson, of Rockhampton, and William H. Rogers, of Pert Curtis, grarier— personalty £30,000. A £ai- accident occurred in the river near Lake's Creek on Tuesday afternoon about four o'clock, resulting in the death by drowning of Mr. Robert Gray, a young gentleman who, foe the l-mt pinp months, has been, employed by Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons in the capacity of shipping and general clerk. On Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Gray in pursuance of his duties as collector of .tickets and passage money, proceeded with the s.a. Burwaji as far as I^kke'tf Creek, and on his arrival there a boat was lowered to put him ashore. The boat contained the deceased, the third piftt-f of the Burwah, and two seamen. ITnftir^inffaly ag the boat was being lowered, the sailor who vas in the bows by some means let gq the tackle too soon, and the boat ^pfriTPrt. all on board it being thrown into the water. Another boat was at once lowered from the Borw&h;, and two others from tiie YjOU Yangs and Dolphin respec tively also went to tile assistance of the men who were in the water, and succeeded in rescuing the two seamen aad the third mate. An oar was thrown to Mr. Gray by the Utter and two life buoys were also cast over board from the Burwah. He, however, failed to keep afloat and having sunk was not again seen. Captain Sooth waited for some time, bat as there was no hope of recovering the deceased proceeded on his voyage. Before doing so lie sent the following account of the occurrence to Mr. South, the manager for Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons at Bockhampton : — *'Ae we were lowering the boat to put the ticket clerk on abore one of the men at the forward tacUe accidentally let go tile fall, and the boat upset, and toe clerk was drowned, Onr gig was pot at once in the water, And went to the rescue. One boat was sent from the Yoa Yangs, s.s., and another from the Dolphin. The accident happened close to these vessels. The ticket clerk vu dose to the third mate, and had hold of an oar. which the third mate gave him. Two life fcaoys were thrown which were not recovered. The clerk suddenly disappeared and after waiting about tnth three boats some time and keeping a look oat, we knew that there was no nope of getting him: — Yonrs in haste, J. H. Sooth, Master s-6. Bnrwah.— PS — The chief mate was superintending toe towering of the boat personally.' On the matter being reported to the police, Constables Barry, Cavanagb, aad fiogsa were dwtpatriwA to Abe scene of the accident with ropes, grappling irons, and other apparatus necessary for dragging for tile body. The dwflaiwd, as we mentioned above, had been in Bockhampton about nine months, and was very highly esteemed, both by the firm in whose employ he was and by all who knew him in private life. He was about twenty five yeats of age, and has relations living in Maryborough, Victoria. Tie accident, as may be imagined, canned £reB^ excit&nent; amongst those on board the Burwah, and Mr. Gray's untimely fate will be deeply regretted by aH who knew him. An inquiry will no doubt be held into the cause of the accident. The body of Mr. Robert Gray, who wai drowned at Lake's Creek on Tuesday after noon, was recovered early on Thursday morn ing. The officers of the Corrajoug, s.8., which vessel left the wharf about seven o'clock, in formed Constable Hogan, who was patrolling the north bank of theriveron the lookout forthe body, that they had seen a corpse floating in the river near Mr \V. Pattison's boiling down 4^fltftbliah '«*'«?. Hogan came to town with all possible baste, and having procured a boat, rowed to the locality indicated in company with Constables Capper and Barry ; but on the way thither they met a young man named Russell, who had discovered the body and was towing it to town. On arriving at the Railway Wharf the body was examined by Dr. Thurston, who pronounced that death bad been caused by asphyxia from drowning. There were do marks of injury, but a quantity of blood had oozed from one of the ears. A shell having been procured the remains were removed to Messrs. Tucker and Nank&viUe;'tt undertaker's establishment inDenham-stree*,, and subsequently to Mrs. Carew's boarding house, where the deceased had been lodging for some time. The funeral left there at tnree o'clock, and was largely attended. In the first mourning coach were Mr. Sooth, the manager for Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons, and the members of th* office staff. All the principal mercantile and shipping houses in the town wf re repre sented, and there *- ere also present i .bout fifty of the wharf laborers. On arriving at the Cemetery gates bis or eight of the latter carried the coffin to the grave a? a token of the respect in which they held tlie deceased. The Church of England burial service was read by the Her. A. H. Julius. In Mr. Gray's trouser pockets w«re found a £5 note, five £1 notes, twelve aovereifms, three half sovereigns, £1 in silver, and a saloon ticket to the steamer was going at full speed when the boat was being lowered, and when Mr. Gray was drowned, Mr. N. South, local agent for Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons, telegraphed to Captain South for an explanation, and on Thursday received the following telegram rom that gentleman, then at Maryborough : — * ' Engine stopped some time before the acci dent occurred.' The fPT in charge of th signalling instrument on board, Mr. S. Collins, sent the following message — ' Received order half-speed, slow, and stop before the accident occurred ;' and the Chief Engineer, Mr. Morrison, states : — ' ' He »r**Hf'», engines were positively stopped -M-mp time before accident occurred.' The Ohrrvrr Bays that at the usual weekly meeting of the \\.M.C.A. literary and De bating Class, held at the rooms on Tuesday evening, the debate ou 'Anglo- lsraeUsin' was renewed, when very many took part, and upon the vote being taken, the members de cided by a Urge majority that ' The British nation is the lost ten tribes.' A correspondent of the Artanac Mail, knowing the interest taken by everyone in the district regarding tbe water supply, kindly sends a fe«- notes as to what has been done lately on Mount Cornish : — I write to give you an account of the success that has at tended Mr. Monk to the east of Tower Hill, near the boundary of Mr. Harding*B run. A few weeks ago be and Mr. EdJrins selected a site for a dam and bore. He obtained water in the bore at 53 feet, but went on to 100. At that depth he could only raise GO gallons an hour. They afterwards decided to sink a shaft beside the bore, with the result that at 58 feet they have five feet of water in the well, and have taken 850 gallons in the hour, without reducing the level more than three or four inches. Since tile well has been opened, the supply in the bore has largely increased. Our correspondent ia indxnbd to believe that the supply of air in the bore was in sufficient, being excluded from the water bearing layers by the tnbing. This ib quite possible, and leads to the conclusion that when what appears to be a supply of good water has been struck, it may often be advantageous to sink a second bore in its immediate vicinity. Whatever the explana tion, it is quite certain that since the well has been sunk, they have been unable to make any impression on the water in the bore. This well and bore ace in spinifex country. Four other wells and bores have been pot down at sites selected on account of the size and greenness of foliage of tile blood wood trees, and in each case water has been found at depths varying from 25 to 75 feet. Two springs have been opened up on the spinifei country, and are giving an aggregate of 10,200 gallons a pay, a third gives about 7200 gallons. As the water bom these springs runs over the surface, they have proved very valuable this season. The well on No Name Creek on the Downs is watering over 100 head of cattle by whim, working 16 hours a day. Depth of well, 225 feet. Mb, \V. G. Jackson*, late Secretary of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, was tbe roriptent of a very ti»n(i»mnp fcf Bti H ion inl on Monday evening ust. We take the following account of the proceedings from The Daily Northern Argiu of Tuesday, tike notice of tbe meeting, intended for oar representative, having mis carried : — A number of local supporters of tbe turf, and a few other well-known gentlemen, who take an interest in the promulgation of field sports, which conduce to the recreation of tile general public, assembled in the Bel more Arms last night. Mr. Alexander Reid was voted to the chair, and remarked that those present were well aware of the object of tile meeting. He was suddenly railed on to preside, and he responded to the rallt as be never turned bis back on a good thing. Mr. Jackaon bad resigned the secretaryship of. the P^y^hwmpton Jockey Qlnh wd it was thought by many members of the club that the occasion should not be allowed to pass by without some slight token of appreciation of his services. It was well known that Mr. Jackson had a large business to attend to. There was uo doubt that everyone was not fully acquainted with racing, with men and horses, morning touts, and newspaper men both at racing meetings and afterwards. They might go further and fare worse for such a secretary as Mr. Jackson. Tbe presentation was a mark of esteem, and he hoped that the recipient would be spared time to appreciate the gift. He then handed Mr. Jackson a handsome gold keyless Wai tham watch with a gold albert chain, and em blematical trinket attached. Mr. Jackson responded, and said he accepted tbe gift with pleasure. If be had carried ont tbe racing in itr. integrity, he was thoroughly satisfied. As he was not gifted with Mr. Reid's eloquence, he could not say more. Mr. T. Morgan said that on behalf of himself and a few horse owners, it was thought only proper, on the re tirement of Mr. Jackson, to show their appre ciation of his efforts. Some people had told him, while in Mr. J. Batherfords comp&ny;, that the testimonial was being prsmoted through ill-feeling to Mr. Dawbarn. This was a decided mistake, as be had no reason for ill-will against that gentleman. Jl the Utter conducted the club^e business io tiie future as well as Mr. Jackson had dune in tbe past, Mr. Dawbam's friends wonk1., uo doubt, pro bably respond, if called on , to testimonialise him. He was quite sore that if he (Mr. Morgan) and tbe others had thought fit to canvass foe a week, T.ery probably one hun dred eoveretgus wou'.d have been raised. Mr. Chester Master, '.secretary, of the Fitzroy Racing Club, then referred to the assistance afforded him hy Mr. Jackson, and the red- I procal feeling existing between them. Cham pagne was called for and the Chairman pro posed the health of the guest with all prosperity, and he hoped lie would live lone iresentatkm he bad received. He was ex xemely obliged to them. The healths of Mr. Tackson and that of the Rockhampton Jockey Ulub were drvnfc with musical honors, and ' Aold I&ng; Syne ' closet* the proceedings. The Commissioner of Police has received a telegram from Senior constable Power, Rationed at Taroom, stating that 'Mr. C. K. Smith, of Kuroombab Station, reportB that a man named Andrew Adamson was found dead in the horse paddock on the 24th instant Hie deceased had been employed ringbarking trees. Close to the body was a billycan, some bread and meat, and an axe. The deceased apparently died without a struggle. Con stable O'Loghlin has started to make in quiries.' No one will be sorry to hear that the pro clamation relative to the inspection of pas sengers by steamers from southern ports on their arrival at Lake's Creek, and previous to their being brought to town, has been rescinded. The Health Officer, Dr. Thurston, informs us that he received a telegram from the Under- Colonial Secretary on Friday, in forming him that the order has been re adndea, and we presume it will not now be Deoessary for him to board all vessels from the south, or inspect passengers who have come from ports to the sonth of Rockhamp ton. We learn that rain fell at Rosewood and Westwood last week. It commenced to descend at the former place shortly before six o'clock ou the evening of Thursday, and continued for about an hour, and at ten o'clock on Friday morning a shower also fell, the total rainfall being a little more thwn an inch. A gentle man living in that district informs us th&t; with thp shower a few weeks rincp the grass hfta now taken a good spring and the country will be as green as could be wished in a few days. It was on Thursday night that the shower passed over Westwood. It extended over a belt of country about a mile in width, and came down with much force, and the register was about an inch and a-half. Since his return from Clermont, in the end of the week before Ust, Mr. George Randall, lecturer in England on Emigration to Queens land, has been very busy. On Saturday, the 18th instant, he spent the forenoon in town with the Mayor, Alderman Williamson, in whose company he visited the Fire Brigade Station, Council Chambers, Corporation Baths, works of Messrs. Wiley, Holmes, and Co., and several places of businesB in East street. In the afternoon of the same day the Mayor drove h*m to the German homesteads in tbe Pink lily pocket. On Sunday His Worship drove Mr, Randall to Eagle Farm; to Gracemere township where Mr. Charles' garden excited much interest ; and to Gracemere Station and home farm, where the silos and fine cattle were the principal objects of attention. On Monday Mr. Randall visited the Agricultural Reserve, and saw and beard much to interest him at Fitzroy Park, where he was hospitably entertained by Mr. Murray ; Pandora Sugar Plantation ; and Alton, where he was also courteously received. On Tuesday in company with Mr. Bisien and other gentlemen, be visited the Crocodile Gold Field, and had an opportunity of Beenig ho*' our mining operations are carried on. Most of his time on Wednesday was spent at Lake's Creek ; and on Thursday at the Engineering works and Foundry of Messrs. Burns and Twigg. Friday was occupied in visiting Mount Morgan in company with Mr. Delaney, Warden's clerk. On Saturday, in company with the Mayor be visited the Central Railway work shops, Messrs. Ijund and Littler** Engineering Works, the Brewery, and tbe Gas Works. As opportunity offered, Mr. Randall held long conversations with gentlemen long resident in the district, and gleaned a large amount of varied information. This was especially the case with respect to interviews he had with the Police Magistrate and Gold Warden, Mr. Cribb j and our Land Commissioner Mr. Young. Mr. R*^'' was highly pleased and entertained while in this district, and desires us to express his cordial acknowledge ments to gentlemen in country and town, and especially to His Worship tbe Mayor, Mr. W Oliamson. Mr. Randall proceeded on Sun day by steamer to Mackay, and after having visited several of our northern towns and I districts, he witt return to England to pursue j his lecturing vocation there, with enlarged views as to the wealth and importance of The dire effects arising from carelessness in the use of fire in the bush is very apparent in the neighbourhood of New Zealand Gully. Two or three weeks since, it will be remem bered, a fire was started at North Rockhamp ton — by a wood carter it is believed — which quickly spread to the Berserker hills, and thence it went across the range to New Zealand Gaily. The devouring element swept down one of tiie mountain spnrs, and quickly surrounded the resi dence and store of Mr. Ogilvie. For habitants were at home, and by dint of hard work the fire was kept away from the house and yards. Tbe garden, however, was com pletely destroyed, as veil as the paling fence surrounding it, and of course what crass there was burnt Uke so much ]-aper. Considerable damage was also done to a long fence sur rounding a paddock. Some distance up the Gully a patch of grass surrounding the resi dence and garden of a Mr. Hicks escaped the fire on the day referred to, but yesterday, by some means, a fire started in this locality. | The owner was absent, and but for the fortunate arrival of some gentlemen, who hail gone out from Rockhampton to see the reefs in tbe vicinity, tbe place would have been quickly, burnt to the ground. Every effort natch-wood. Such experiences as these show plainly enough how incumbent it is on svery person to use the utmost care in hand ing fire. We notice that a new grocery and general Imports store has been started in East-street, n the premises recently occupied by Messrs. Beale and Co. as a music warehouse. The new firm consists of Messrs. James Bell and S. Russell, both of whom are well known, the former especially so at Emerald, Pine Hill, ind Bogantungan, and the latter as having been connected with tbe Rockhampton firm of Messrs. Boddcn, Kelly, Walton and Co. This shop has been newly fitted and well stocked, and we have do doubt Messrs. Bell and RusbcU wfll secure a fair share of public patronage. Nothing has been done recently with re gard to the united control of the fitzroy Bridge by the Councils of Rockhampton and North Rockhampton and the (iogango Divi sional Board. Whilst the matter is thus left in abeyance the Council of Rockhampton are responsible for tbe Lighting, sweeping, asd maintenance. Surely it ft-: is desirable action should be taken in the matter imme diately, as repairs to the decking are urgently required. It is becoming worn in several places, and in oue spot a piece seems to have been chopped out. Pedestrians are liable to place their feet in the hole, and injure them selves. In 6uch an event who would have to pay the doctor? The matter could be easily arranged by a conference of the three h^ipp date. No one will be surprised to learn that a new time-table is to come into operation on the Central Railway on and after Monday, 3rd November. Tbe principal change in it-is tile announcement that trains are to run daily aJong the line from the termini at 'fiockhamp ton, Clennont, and Alpha. The morning trains at Rockhampton and Alpha are to start at five o'clock, and will occupy npyards of thirteen hours on the daily run. The early hour of starting wfll prove far from agreeable to travellers, and the necessity for its adoption is not at all obvious. Lamp oil Barely is not so costly that tie saving of a few gallons of it should canse the public to be pot to great is convenience. A mixed train is to run daily between Kockhampton and Westwood. It 'is to leave Westwood at seven in tiie morning, and Rockhampton at five in tbe afternoon. This is the train for those who wish to loan suburban residences at Gracemere, Stan well,&c.; Apropos of our water-famine we take the following from a late issue of tile Melbourne Argun ? — ** An intermittent supply of water to the reaideats of G£elong will commence from Saturday night next, as it has been found that a constant service cannot be ™pfjpnftfl The circumstances which hare caused this step to be taken are given in the secretary for Water Supply, of which tiie Minister has approved :— * Owing to tbe de ficient rainfall during tbe p^wt year upon the catchment areas of tiie Geelong reservoirs, and fli « gfr-i-n quantity of water received up to tiie present time from the Moorabool scheme, and also to the increased consumption of water in Geelong (amounting to nearly 5,000,000 gallons weekly), consideration has been given to tbe question — whether some steps should not be taken to limit for a time the consmnp-* tion in Geelong. The quantity of water stored in the reservoirs at the end of the past week was about S9,O00,O00 gallons, and if tbe rain fall, as sometimes happens, should be de ficient during tbe next six months, it will be seen that there is considerable risk of tiie supply running out unless some steps betakes to limit tiie consumption. It is roughly es timated that about one-half of the water at present consumed is used for street- watering and irrigation. I beg, therefore, to recom mend that arrangements be at once made for for an intermittent supply of water to con therefore, only be supplied between C s,m. and G p.m., and any persons found watering gardens will liave their services completely cut off.' The further bearing of the indecent assault case ii gainst Jmntrw Mortimer came on this morning (says Friday's Gym}**- Mitirr), when tbe previous evidence was read to the prisoner, who, upou being asked if he had anything to say, replied through his counsel, Mr. F. I. Power, that ha reserved bis defence. Tbe Bench thereupon stated that they con sidered a prtma Jade case had been made out that a capital offence had been committed, and intiiruvted tbeir intention of committing accused for trial. Tbe Police Court pro ceeding were enlivened in tbe above case of Rcgina r, Mortimer yesterday, by the con duct of Doctor Eames, a witness for the Crown, who declined to give any information unless he was paid bis expenses. A ratLer warm passage -of -arms took place between the P.M. and the doctor, in which the worthy medico defied the law to compel him to give his evidence, and forthwith left the witness box protesting that he wouldn't give any uvUunce unless liis feo was paid. Then, observed the P.ilioe Magistrate, 'I shall emiimit jou,' ujxw which tlic doctor cried out. ' 1 defy tiie law to touch nic,' and was proctiudiuif to leave the court wbra H»w Worship ordered tbe sergeant to arrest him, while he tnaiiti out a warrant of committal, which acted like soothing Byrup on the doctor's esciteable temperament, and brought him to hie senses with a round tarn ; but be fore obeying tbe behests of the Bench he asked Mr- Power, who was «**H'r for the prisoner Mortimer, what he would advise him to do, who very fairly replied, 'FU follow your example, and decline to give in Up Sandhurst way, sayB *' Amiens, ' a i popular member of oar detective police, who ] rejoices in the possession of a. good singing - voice, was lately induced to promise assis tance at a charitable concert. He accordingly ' pot hinT'*Jf down for Pinsuti'B song, ' The , Last Watch-' Jnst fancy his disgust on find- , ing that the intelligent compositor had printed thw 'The LostWatch !' The fact that tie ' profession of the vocalist was weU known to j the Midipf'^ intensified the blonder, and the mnniMtfnftpt which it created will be readily imagined. ! Something startling is to come to us from ' Atnprjca in the matter of electric omnibuses, which are to be used instead of the present ]. vehicle. Edison is the motive power, and we ] can only place our trust in him as we have done before — sometimes to find it a safe investment, though more often, it must be acknowledged, to find it the reverse. We presume the American genius has not the intention to give us the electric railwa\ in #ii« suggestion— that is by far too crude for practical purposes, especially in a place like London. There is a trouble in tbe omnibus world about getting the people to go inside daring hot weather, and also to get them to { go outside during wet weather, and this little I difficulty brings profits, we are told, to a standstill point. 'Kismet,' writing on the unsatisfactory condition of our Property Acts, says : — ** In Queensland, if a man steals a piece of calico, and if the thief be caught, be can be punished for the theft, but there are many men around Rockhampton who have bought land aod paid for it, and yet this land has been stolen from them, while the thieves walk abroad with im punity* The Real Property Act of tills colony may have many good features, but it requires %mgfuting. If & man purchases & piece of landand has a receipt for the same, such re ceipt #h-wi!H secure the purchaser in the con tinuous possession of said land. A reform in the laws of this colony is urgently required. Laws are made — not for the benefit of the community, but to put money into lawyers' poftftr. The lawB of a country should be written in plain and simple language so that m!1 nny nii''^'^ thyPi If & few men in Geneva could settle the Aytynna difficulty, surely a few intelligent men in the colony could settle the most difficult cases cheaply and expeditiously.' Is the All Schools Race at the N.S.W. Rowing Association Regatta, three schools oompetad— Sydney Grammar School, St Phillips' Church of England Grammar School, and St. Ignatius' College, Riverview. After a most exciting struggle, St. Ignatius' College crew came in winners by a length, Sydney Grammar School coming next. In the winning crew were two Queensland boys in our young townsmen C. M'Neely, son of Dr. M'Keely, and J. Trait, of BlacknlL The victory was all the more creditable to the Jesuit boys as owing to the erection of their superb new boat shed, they were unable to use their boats till within a month of the race, whereas their opponents had been in active training for several nymtKr. The boat St. Ignatius' crew rowed in, had been purchased only ten days before the race by the College Roving Club, from the Melbourne R.C. It was built by Fuller, and formerly belonged to the students of Trinity College. Melbourne. It has been used in four 'races, and won in every one of them. This win entitles St Ignatius Club to the possession of the Mayor's Grand Challenge Cup for a year, and in addition, each of the crew and the coxswain will receive a medal from the Association. Pbom oar southern files we glean a few par ticulari of the business of the Wesleyan Dis trict Meeting held in Brisbane last week, at which the Rev. M. H. Parkinson presided. Among those present was the Rev. W. EL Williams. The annual report and balance sheet of the Book Depot Committee was deemed satisfactory. At the District Com mittee meeting the Chairman welcomed the Revs. Messrs. A. Swift, W. H Rogers, T. Sarginson W. Lucas, and B. Dunning, who took their seats for the first time in the Queensland District Meeting. The Rev. H. Wiles was elected Secretary, and tbe Rev. W.H. Williams assistant Secretary. The Rev. W. H. Williams read a copy of a resolution passed at the Rockhampton quarterly meeting that the next district meeting be held in Rockhampton, and though tbe committee ex pressed their Mtnw* of the advantage it would be to the northern circuits, they decided to meet next year in Brisbane, owing to diffi culties of expense, accommodation, &c;, pre senting themselves. The following motion was carried : — ' We, the members of the Queensland District Meeting, having heard the Liverpool minutes read, do thankfully and devoutly acknowledge the great mercy of God in preserving us in and for His blessed service ninny unfulfilled duties, failures, and sins, we do now humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God, and sincerely and solemnly dedicate ourselves anew to Christ and His Church, and earnestly and believingly pray for a full and glorious baptism of the Holy Ghost, so that the coming year may be one of gracious and wonderful prosperity in all the circuits of this colony. ' Tbe report and bal ance sheet of the Loan Fund showed a capital of £1623 16s. lid.; loans amounting to £90S 14s. 7d. ; arrears in repayments of loans, £32 10s. The following loans were granted:— Warwick, £300, to be repaid in ten years ; Ithaca, £50, to be repaid in two years ; Pad ^ingtrtn, £100, to be repaid in two years ; TownsviUe, £300, to be repaid in five years ; Charters Towers, £131 Se, to be repaid in four years. The fr»ln.nr*» sheet of tiie Home Mission and Contingent Fund showed a balance in hand, 1883, of £237 18b. Hi; income, 1884, £218 I4'* ldT-: tofa^ £456 Jfe: ,. piBboTBementa Tor additional clergy were received from West End, Brisbane, Charters Towers, Roma, and Clertnont. A- What may happen to a nun — and a man forcibly exemplified by the following yarn, which reaches me from Brisbane :— Judge P., of the Alligator Land, having recently re cently returned from a trip to ' Yurrip,' was having a friendly chat at the Imperial Hotel with a few friends, when a well-dressed stranger, whose face seemed to be faintly familiar to the judge, suddenly chipped in with the conversation, and displayed an inti mate Acquaintance with the subject matter in hand. Being largely endowed with what is known up there as the 'gift of the gab,' the stranger succeeded in ingratiating himself with the company present, and'haviiig invited the party to join him in a friendly ?* wine.' his offer was accepted, the drinks were brought in, and the whole crowd politely pledged the stranger's health. The unknown at last made himself so gracious, that he was requested to favour the party with a little more of his entertaining company, and eventually the worthy judge hinted he had a suspicion of having met the festive gentleman before. ' Seen me before,' exclaimed the stranger ; ' well, uow, I rather guess vou did. Why, yon once gave me three rears for tA airing sheep, but I don't bear you any grudge for that. Net a bit of it— all in the course of a man's life, you know, and besides, we should always return good for evil. Waiter, set'em up again. Judge, I'm ddichted at renewing our acquaintance under these auspicious circumstances. Auspicious is good — last time we met the correct word was *»u*picious.' Then a deadly sflencc fell on all, and the judge, suddenly remembering he h*^ an appointment at the furthest end of die town, dashed down the steps, hailed a cabby, and told him to drive at once to any where, and to do it quickly. 