The Advertiser TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1884. To-day both the Houses of Parliament will meet, and the business before them is of a very important character, and moreover our representatives have not very much time left in which to get through with it It is rarely that a legis lature it in aeasion upon the eve of it* dissolution by eiflunon of time, and speaking from memory we believe this has not happened before in the history of our present constitution. The principal cause of this'state of affairs is, as our readers are aware, the necessity that existed a couple of months ago for two of the Ministers to proceed to Sydney on annexation and federation business. It was felt then that honorable members would not wish to meet till January was over, though, could they have foreseen what a cool summer we were to have, they might have been wiving to reassemble at an earlier date. It will be necessary for them now to work seriously, without unnecessary talk, if they hope to get through the heavy business be* fore them. They will be called upon by the Government to approve the resolu tions adopted at the Sydney Conference, and this is a matter that cannot be dismissed off-hand. Coming from Aus tralasian to Bouth Australian affairs, financial measures of no small conse quence have to be dealt with, and the important principles therein involved will necessarily give rise to earnest debates. The Estimates are pretty nearly out of hand, but probably the Appropriation Bill will be delayed until it is aeen what will be the fate of the taxation acheme that will to-day be in the hands of the Upper Howe, But the Loan Bill or Bills will certainly form the subjects of warm discussion, if not of close struggles, in the Lower House, to say nothing of the Council. One or two members of the Assembly have aaid that they will not vote for any Loan Bill until a measure for the taxation of properly is carried. The position they take is that aa the in terest on the loans will form a consider* able increase to the colony's expenditure they will not be parties to such an outlay till the means of meeting it are pro vided. Aa everybody knows the Trea surer shows a deficit, and it does seem beyond the bounds of ordinary prudence to go on increasing the debit balance instead of furnishing the money to extinguish it and prevent its recur rence. Should this view be shared and acted upon by a majority in either branch of the legislature, and should the Taxa tion Bill not be carried, the consequences will be most injurious to the colony. Most of the works for which die loan is aaked have been approved by both Houses as being required to develop the resources of South Australia, and delay in carrying them out of course means loaa to the colony and obstruction to a career of material progress. But there is another poiut in connec tion with the Loan Bills that wiH be con sidered perhaps with more seriousness than in previous sessions. There is a growing feeling that too large a proportion of our debt is spent on non productive works, or at least upon works that bring in no direct revenue. It does not necessarily follow that the money so expended is wasted, because indirect ad* vantages arise from the construction of roads and bridges, the improvement of harbors, and the erection of school* houses ; but the opinion is fast fp-iiih?p; ground that we have gone nearly as far with this sort of expenditure as we can afford. With regard to harbors the State should own the wharfs if it deepens the channels to them, and then aomt incoaae would accrue in return foe the vast outlay upon our sbifpJ?f; ports. The cost of road construction should be thrown more and more each year anon tlie localities benefited. It is a question worth considering whether it would not be wiser to have separate Loan : Bills for non-productive and reproductive j works, so that each class of expenditure might be dieenssed on its merits. It does seem absurd to tax property on the ground . that it should bear a larger share of the j burdens of the State, and then give the money back to property by spending it on the roads that so largely increase its value. It is understood that several members of the legislative Council will oppose the Taxation Bill for this reason. This would not he justifiable, because the Upper House is not warranted in refusing to provide the Government with funcU, or in any way to improve the incidence of taxation simply because it disapproves of portions of tlie fiscal or public works policy, that it has no power of itself to alter. Even if the grants in aid t? cor porations and district councils were abolished, and local taxation were imposed to cover the expense of main roads, it would still be the duty of the Parliament to tax property, as property contributes little or nothing to the revenue. While these matters are being discussed in Parliament an opportunity is afforded of testing tlie feeling of the clectora of a large portion of the colony. A Legisla tive Council vacancy has occurred iv the Central District through the death of Sir William Morgan, and an election ?to take place without delay. Borne persons thought it would hare been better to wait for the geceral elections for the Assembly before issuing a writ for the return of a member to the Upper House, but there is no warrant for pursuing such a course. Delays have occurred in issuing writs for these occasional elections in days gone by, but they were wholly irregular and un constitutional. The Constitution Act of 1881 distinctly ordains that the Legis lative Council shall consist of twenty- four members, just as the original Act pro vided that the House should consist of eighteen, and the members have no right to proceed with the busi ness with a vacancy unfilled, be yond the time necessary to fill it by an election. The Victorian Consti tution Act provides expressly for the validity of the proceedings during that necessary time. There are one or two candidates in tlie field already, and perhaps others will oner themselves for tlie Central District. It is to be hoped that the electors will not neglect this opportunity of making their wishes felt upon the questions of the day, and especially with regard to taxation. Again and again have they declared for taxing (?ropetty, and as often have suc cessful candidates for the Upper Home promised to support measures for that object, but up to the present time they have rejected every Bill intro duced to make the incidence of property more equitable. In all probability there will be a considerable amount of nonsense talked at the election meetings, and the taxa tion scheme may be declaimed against as a grievous burden upon the people. The free and independent, however, will be prepared for this sort of thing, and will understand the old political trick of professing a desire to see property taxed, and then denouncing, and when opportunity offers, rejecting every] particular acheme for effecting this object. It must be remembered that though the Upper House represents pro perty, more than half the electors by whom its members are returned will not be affected by the taxation scheme now before that Chamber, aa they will come under the exemptions. land up to the actual value of £500, annual profits from other fixed property, like shares, up to £100, and annual profits from any sort of trade or profession up to £300 are exempt The objects of the BiU are to make those classes pay who have not hitherto done so according to their means, and to lay no further burdens on those who arealreadyburdenedtooheavily. Upon the issue of this election a great deal depends. The result will assuredly be appealed to as signifying the will of the electors, and according to that result we may ace the taxation question speedily settled, or may witness a prolonged struggle and perhaps a simultaneous dissolution of both Houses before the year is out. There are other ? subjects of course deserving careful con sideration, but taxation should be pre eminently the test question, as upon this matter the people have been trifled with long enough. Thk pomtion of the Speaker of the House of Commons has since the coming into force of the new rules of procedure mvomed a higher importance, and the dis charge of its duties hare become more and more important. The change therefore in the constitution of the House which will occur on the opening of the next session ct the Imperial Parliament by the resigna tion of Sir Henry Brand, the present holder of the office, is one of the gravest moment. Few occupants of the chair have given more satisfaction to both sides of the House, at once bj his dignity, his learning, acd hb nnflinri''Tig coinage and impartiality, than Sir Henry Brand. That this was so has increased the difficulty Mr. Gladstone had in a suc cessor to he nomipated when the time for Sir Henry Stand's inevitable resignation comes. But for the precedent which excludes any member of the Cabinet from being nomicated to fill the Speaker's chair his task would hare been a much easier one, but Mr. GhwUtone and his colleagues thought it best to follow usage. For many reasons oae of the chief legal officers of the Crown would have been a most fitting occupant of the chair. A legal training, although not an essential, is certainly an advantage to any one called upon to preside. The position, always of importance, is especially so now when the new roles may give rise to difficulties aa to the exact meaning of words. Uut even to gain this advantage the Cabinet did not care to fly in the face of custom, and in all probability had they wished to do so neither the Attorney nor Solicitor- General would have cared to accept the post. Outside the Cabinet there was one Liberal statesman who was popularly regarded as especially qualified for tlie Speaker's chair, and that was Mr. Goachen, than whom probably no man more fitted for the position could be found. It was there fore a general matter for regret when it was announced that Mr. Goachen himself had declined the honor on the ground that his vision was so defective he fe't it would not be possible for him properly to fulfil the duties which would be demanded'of him. But for this un fortunate circams'.aacc, w*jich it appears no science could overcome, the popular Cliaiuber would have had in Mr. Goscheu a Speaker v,!k? v/ould Live enjoyed the coiilkfonce of every parly iv the ! Honsc, a: fi one possessed of all those h'--._ ??-. qualities of mind which ! Ihe fit management of the House of Commons demands. In his dilemma Mr. Gladstone turned to Mr. Arthur Peel, who is only known to the general public j by the fact that he has filled a subordinate ! position under Government with fair ! ability and has made an excellent whip. Without any unfairness to Mr. Peal it may bo said that the iioniin;?ti<m of the j floveriiimut I:as caused no litlie surprise ] in the country. It is quite trvie that a member of Parliament may not not have made an efficient Minister, that lie may but be a good debater, or in any way a man distinguished in the House for transceudant talent, and yet may make an excellent Speaker. Such has been the case with several who have oiled the chair with an ability that has become historical- But they were men who were by long practice educated in all the forms and traditions of the House, and who had long com manded its respect by their tried inde pendence and integrity of character, their capacity for business and detail, and a certain indefinable force by which they had influenced their fellow - members. Mr. Peel cannot be said to hare given evidence in any prominent degree that he combines all these qualities. It is quite possible, however, that Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues have convinced themselves fully of Mr. Peel's powers, and no doubt his position as whip has given him a large acquaintance with the members of the Honse, at least on the Liberal side, which will in one way be of advantage to him. Bat it is even from this circum stance questionable, despite the brilliant success of Sir Henry Brand, whether the Government have done wisely in selecting their whip for the Speaker's chair. The new rules of procedure, it must be re membered, have put largely increased powers into the hands of the Speaker. It is not probable that any attempt to abuse this authority would 1? tolerated, far less successful if attempted. But there is just the contingency that a weak Speaker might disastrously lower the dignify of his office by some proceed ing which might be factioualy construed into a stretch of his prerogative. It is therefore all the more necessary that the occupant of the position at the present time should be a man possessed of un flinching resolution, unavailable impar tiality and marked ability—one in fact who in any position, however difficult, would command the loyal obedience of both parties in the House, and preserve intact the noble traditions that surround his office. Now, it must be conceded j that an idea of possible partisanship, more than could be wished for in a Speaker, must cling at this moment to any member who has been a zealous whip for his party ; and this will be inevitably the case with Blr. PeeL It is to be hoped that before he is called upon to exercise his authority in any critical juncture lie will have established a character for ; acumen and impartiality that will be [ unassailable, but it will certainly be a 1 misfortune if he has not that opportunity, J which in the present political ferment ?nay not improbably be the case. The public have been assured that Mr. Peel lias a sound judgment and is pos sessed of tact and moderation. These qualities are no doubt excellent, but something more is necessary to constitute an efficient Speaker. Firmness, a high courage which would put duty before all things, and a stern impartiality that knows no friend nor foe, arepre eminently necessary now. Few rules of procedure which may give rise to much and bitter animadversion have to be unhesitatingly administered, and any exhibition of weak* ness or suspicion of partiality in doing so may be most injurious to the best Interests of the country. Further, a restless party too often both unscrupulous and de fiant to all authority have to be con trolled with firmness and dignity. The question is whether Mr. Peel," however well adapted to be a Government whip or the chief of a State department, is quite the man for the position to which he has been nominated. It is to be hoped that time will prove him to be so. It is, how ever, a generally expressed opinion that it would have been better had Mr. Gladstone not selected from his col leagues one who, however worthy he may be, has not yet had the oppor tunity of earning that confidence from both parties which can evoke their loyal support when he is called upon to pre side over their deliberations. The Court of Queen's Bench has recently been the scene of one of the moat singular trials ever recorded in the annals of civil cases. No novelist would ever have dared to ascribe such an improbable series of incidents as was therein brought to light to the action of a few rather common place people of the present day. If he could have conceived the idea at all, he would hare represented the dromotis persons as the possessors of more than Machiavellian astuteness as being the only chance of giving an air of possibility to the tale. Yet the chief actors in the case in question were actually an Ignorant railway porter and an ex-lawyer a clerk, who served as his con federate. The facts briefly told are as follows :—A man named nhalley who, during a long and laborious life, had penuriously scraped together a fortune of between fifty and sixty thousand pounds, died in May, 1831, at Leominater, in ths house of one Thomas, a railway porter. For some months previous to his death Whalley displayed a good deal of affection for his humble host, and therefore when Thomas was found, on the decease of Ids friend, to be the lucky legatee of nearly the whole of Whalley* fortune, the matter did note xcite much surprise amongst the deceased gentleman's intimates. Whalley was a bachelor, but was not on friendly terms with ar.y of tis relations except two of his illegitimate chil dren, Henry Whalley l'rlestnian and his sister Emma, and even with t!i? latter he had a very painful quarrel shortly before his death. Priestmau believed that the actual intentions of the testator were vc?y dilfcrent to those diacitacd by the will, and on what would appear to have been very slender grounds, deter mined to contest the matter in the Pr ? bate Court. Thomas thereupon offered t-> compromise on receiving £17,000, the rest of the estate to go to Pciestiuau and others in proportion. This was a<j?eed to, and the compromise being accepted the aSair appeared to be definitely ar ranged. Possibly the extreme readiness of Thomas to give up the bulk of his windfall may have excited Prtestman's suspicions; but however that may be. it was not lotg before the bitter decided t? bring an action to upset the com promise, on the ground that ha had beea induced to enter into it Uy ftauJL To decide this point no lesa tltxa MKteen sitting* of the court were found necessary. Priefltirwi's case was that some time after the compromise an examination of the will showed that .tbe document was marked in various places in lead pencil. Further, that microscopic investigation revealed several words aud fragments ?of words apparently in the handwriting of Thomas, the inference being that the will had been written o^er the lead-pencil document. The siguature at foot, which was properly attested in the usual form, was uadoubtedly that of the testator, Whalley. The ques tion was, how and when did the pencil marks, which were not visible, or at any rate not noticed when the will wa.% proved first, appear on the paper oa which ihe will was written ? The nlaiutitf alleged that 'Wlialley had signed his name in ink to a letter v.-ritteu in pencil by Thoma3: that Thomas had rubbed out the pencil marks and got an ex-lawyer's clerk named Kash to fill in a will in ink, whikt another man named llees joined Kash in filling no the attestation form. The spurious will appointed a wine mer chant of the name of Uunnell asexecutar, and gave nearly the whole of the pro perty to Thomas, who, it was alleged, destroyed a previously made and genuine will, which gave the whole of the estate to Priestman. This version of the story was supported by Bees, who in course of examination admitted that he was a party to the plot, and said that the will had been written over a pencil letter addressed by Whalley to Priestman, which leter had never been delivered. The answer of the defendant to the charge was most ingenious and plausible. He contended that the pencil marks had been added by the plaintiff himself in the course of an examination of the will in the Court of Probate, and that Bees had been bought over by Piiestman to concoct or support the story of the fraud. A further curious element in the case was that quite late in the proceedings Priest man produced a letter in the handwriting of Whalley clearly indicating the favor able intentions of the testator towards him, and explained his backwardness in producing the letter by the statement that he had been unwilling to disclose some damaging remarks therein made abaut his sister's character. On the other hand the defendant described this letter asa forgery and an afterthought, and insinuated that the statements about the sister had simply been put in to give an air of plausibility to its previous non-production. In the result the jury found fortheplaintiffonall points, but unfortunately Priestman's troubles would seem to be only beginning. The hut state of this man is worse than the first. Under the forged will he after all got something; under the compromise he got a great deal, but by the decision of the court he as an illegitimate son gets Eothirg, as Whalley died intestate. Of course an effort will be made in the Pro bate Court to make out a case for Priest man's claims on the basis of the letter before referred to as indicating the inten tions of the testator, but what the result will be remains to be seen. It is very extraordinary that at the meet ing of the City Council yesterday no re ference was made to the felling of all the trees lining the road on both aides from the Stag Inn, at the east end of Rundta stceet, to the Kent Town brewery. We are informed that this has been done without any authority from the City Council whatever, unless that b?dy gave its sanction to this mischievous pro ceeding a year or two ago, and in that case it is ? pity that the time there has been for reflection has not been turned to a wiser use. The reason given Cor felling the trees is simply absurd. It has been discovered that they were attacked by the goat-moth, of which the Urc* bore through the timber considerably, but the assertion that these trees are thereby rendered dangerous to pedestrians enjoy ing their grateful shade is simply ridicu lous. If every tree were to be cut down that was hollowjor bored by grubs or in sect* the beauty of the park lands would to a great extent disappear, and the com fort of persons resident in or accustomed to visit the city would be very seriously interfered with. Trees of the size of tho.'e just destroyed are in no danger of falling or losing their limbs through such a cause as that assigned for their removal It is quite common for whole forests of certain kinds of timber, as for instance the iron bark about parts of Victoria, or nearly all the trees at JSscape Clifts, in the Northern Territory, to be hollow, but they are not rendered thereby particularly dangerous. Whether these trees, some sixty or eighty in number, along the Rondle-road might have become unsafe ten or fifteen yean hence, we will not say, but they might very well have been left till then. It will take ten years at least to supply their places with timber equal to them in size. It is important for the citizens to know upon whose authority this destruction was effected. There are spots on our terraces where the planta tions might be judiciously tf""mwf; it is not right to grow a dense forest close to a person's windows, bat there was no such objection in the case of these trees, and the stroisg complaints that are being made upon the subject are fully warranted, as people who think highly of the appearance of the city wonder what next disfigure ment will be resolved upon by the civic authorities. afettiHsuMnf Parliament will asset to day. In the lTegMativa Council the only bnsincH to be taken is the second reading of the Public Library and Abolition ol Oaths JtQk ( but in the Assembly ? loaf program** ia provided. The first order of the day is the consideration in committee of the LafUatire Council's amendments in the KiMhififla Bill. She otter Government business fa m Cauowa: Infanta Custody BUI. consideration in com mittee of Legislative Council* amendments; Stratfcalbja Tramway BUI, nraiiin'sratlan in committee of Legislative Goundtfs ?mil meats; Supply in committee. BsHmatsa, pege 27; Low Transfer BUI, aseand reading; General Tramways Bill, second teadiof; Married Woman* Property BUI, consideration of report of nomiiilliM of whole Home; Justifies Prooedara BUI. consideration of report of committee of whole House: Meters and Gas Bui,second readies: Willonga Railway BUI, second read* ing; adjourned debits on the ssotionof the Misister of ffriti ration concerning the lus tine cf lands for horsebreediog in the Northern Territory; Boads BQ], second reading; Edn. cation BUI, adjourned debate on the second reading. Mr. Whinhamia to mm that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the notice—"That an address be presented to His Exwlleccy the Governor praying His ExceHcccy to recommend this House to make provision in the Estimates for theyew 1833 4, to an extent not exceedlog £1,000. for the pispose of granting s> bonus tor the first ship ment of mutton of not lets than 4,000 carts—a. from ? South Anstraiian shipping port." Mr. Ward will move in favor of prodsimlng Frackljn, in the hundred of Wonna, a pcllirg place for the district of the Bom; and the adjourned debate on the notion of Mr.Dix^on—"Thatinordertosecurebspartlal acdefficient n> pot'sif the debates in Parlia nent the pment * Hansard * arrangements acccld be alieted "-will be returned. The de batcson tfcemotion of Mr. Hainnror spoiling place at Kbice Villa for lhe Cun^racha district, aod on the motion oi Mr. Ward— "That in the opinion of thit House can pulsory pilotage should not be enforced In Spencer's Golf—will also be resumed. On Wednesday the report of the selectcommittoa en the working of the railways is to be brought up. We are informed on good authority- that a movement is on foot in the dty having lor Ms object the formation of ? new bank. Tho prinoipls under which the new Institution will bo oonduotsd is that of giving interest ?? credit deposits. The movement, ?? ejadar. stand.'promises to be sucosmfol, ai aevoral wealthy cenHsmen in the dtp bavo takaa tJha matter into consideration, It is probable that in a few days we may be able to give our tsadevs men definite information. It is probable that notice wUI be given in tte Legislative Council and House of As sembly this afternoon of resolutions inviting Parliament to discuss the decisions which were come toa%the Annexation and Federa tion Conference recently held in Sydney. Mr. Joseph Fisher was a passenger by the M.M. steamer Melbourne, which left for Marseilles on Monday. A urge fire was raging in the eastern hills above Bnrnslde early this morning, bat we have net heard any particulars of the cUmtge done. In future tte Adelaide S.B. Company's steamers that leave for Melbourne direct will call at Gtcnclg en route, taking a final depar ture from there at 8 p.nu The District Grand Master of the E.C. of Freemasons for South Australia, Mr. Arthur Hardy, M.P., has appointed Captain J. C. Ferguson District Grand Secretary of that constitution. The shock of an earthquake waa felt in the neighborhood of Port Adelaide shortly before four o'clock on the morning of Saturday last. It appeared to be travelling in a north easterly direction. The full pilotage fees of tte steamer Ade laide on her first arrival at Port Adelaide, assnilliliinln T'lii Id. have been handed to us by tte associated pilots for the benefit of the Convalescent Home at tte Semaphore. Mr. J. M. Borrow has sent in to the Govern ment bis resignation as inspector-general of credit (elections. The resignation has not JOt been accepted, but it is probaMe it will be at a meeting of the Executive Council to be held on Wednesday. The following tenders wen opened at the Architcct-in- Chkf'a office on Monday, Feb ruary 4:—Erection of verandah, teacher's nddence, Tanunda, two tenders, J. Bamdow; erection of forage-room, fencing, and sinking of well, Bettana police-station, one tender. In order to facilitate the work in connec tion with tte construction of tte overway bridge, tte City Council have agreed that the Morphett-atrcet crossing shall be closed to traffic fertteapaeeof two months. Driven of vehicles will now use the road by the City Bath*. Mr. J. F. Harper, aide de-camp to His Ex cellency tte Governor, has resigned Us posi tion, and will leave for Western Australia by the steamer Otway. which sails to-morrow. We understand that meiaun of private bud ness is tte reason of Mr. Harper's resigna tion. The local option debate committee, nprc seating the South Australian Total Absti nence league, resolved to appropriate their ?han of tte net proceeds as follows:— Benevolent Strangers' Friend Society, & Is. Id.; City Mission, Home foe Incurables. Deaf and Dumb Asylum, £2 2*.; total, £11 7s, Id. Captain Carrington, of the steamer Giver- Bor Musgrave, has been offend the command of tte steamer Book, shortly to proceed to tte Korthem Territory on a long commission for tte Government. He is well known as a ?kilkd and careful captain, and for tte ser vice on wbieh she U about to enter ttemiel could not bo in much, better hands. On Saturday, at tte Birkanheal Hotel, a deputation from tte aoottnaslem commer cial travellers watted on CaotainJohnDowell, who for many yean commanded various steamers trading on tte south-east coast, and ptetcnted him with a purse of sovereigns, together with an album containing a cabinet photo of each subscriber, as a souvenir of then appreciation of his general courtesy asa ooausanaer. The directors of tte Adelaide and Hyde Bark Tramway Company intend, it is said, to apply to Parliament for power to carry Heir line over the newty-made nwi in Victoria-sauan. This matter was discussed fey the City Council on Monday, when it was decided by a large majority to enter a asinute authorising tte town clerk to use every maais to prevent men a concession being granted by Parliament. A meeting of the Land Reform Association was fatid at Mr. Henry's office on Monday afternoon. The Hon. G. W. Cotton was ap pointed chairman, Mr. T. Johnson, M.P., and Mr. Wheeler vise-chairmen, Mr. E. A.D Ooietreasurer, and Mr. James Halm seen tary and librarian pro tern- A votoof thanks was accorded to Mr. Henry for the energy and anal ha had displayed In tte formation of the Land Baform Association. Mr. Henry sent in his iwifnsllini as a nommilliwnasii The Government gar?>ner*s report on the condition of tte flotwn-snt experimental nursery at Fannie Bay states that in conse* ?juence of tte exceptional drought tte garden was far from being in a flourishing condition. The gatdener's faith in the Territory was, however, nnshaken, and he maintained that if o&ly; the proper sell for each plant grown was selected, and the right method of cultiva tion was adopted, there was no reason to doubt ? favorable result. Ob Saturday last a lad named Jolios Bonder died aft the Burn Hospital from the effects of injuries received at tte fTorth- West Bend station, when he was thrown from a hone, and either crashed through th? bone faffing on him or from being kicked by tteannmL He was suffering froa broken ribs and internal is juries when admitted on tte 90th January, and lingered till February a It is not known yet whether an inquest will be held. Special services In connection with the opening of the new lecture-hall and class moms that have just been erected at tte rear of tte Wealeyan Church at the Semaphore wen held on Sunday, when the Rev. D. o*Donnell preached Booming and evening. In tte afternoon a service of song entitled ??Her Benny" was rendered by a powerful choir, under tte conductorship of Mr. P. Sansom. The connective readlogs wen given by Mr. T. Hack, The services wen well attended. Some juveniles at Port Adelaide for want ?f something betterto do on Saturday after aeon, February 2, amused themselves by fighting* fin under the offices belonging to Mr. D. Bower. M P., on tte Corporation wharf. Fortunately the smoke was aeea, and the flames were put out before any damage was dose to the property. This wharf, which is leased by Mr. Bower, is covered witt large stacks of timber from the Baltic which must have been totally de atroyed had the flames once secured a hold vpon t? ▲lengthy meeting of the Semaphore Cor poration was held on Monday eva&ing;, and a large amount of business was got throng*. Amongst other matters it was resolved to sun a coarpleto assessment of the tosmmadet and an offer by the rate collector to do the work for £25 was accepted. The town sur vsyor was instructed to make estimates and to draw up plans and specifications for tte work of extending the Semaphon Esplanade act thwards to its junction with the one at largs Bay. A code of by-laws was tabled, and its consideration wa* deferred to a special meeting. We barn frtm Mem*. Macdonald, Carey, o&d; Walton, who an making a tour of New ZeaW mith ?Y?m?V "The Lights of I*sdoit. and outer p'eces reoeatly pre ?tnUd m Adtltirfe, thrt they opened at Ducedin on Boxing Sight, and did three week* grand Wine., -ith ?? Youth," ?n4 fol lowed on with "L'ghta o' Londoa " The weather had been "somsthing terrible-one continuous downpour," bat the business was very encouraging notwithstandingthe severity of the elements. The company were to go on to Oamarn and Timaru, and would open in Christchurch on February 4. In connection with the model of the break ?* gauge apparatus invented by Mr. S. Hawke, of Kapunda, which was shown at the office of the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday mat, we an informed that Mr. Mali, the EngiEcer in Chief, having inspected the ap paratus, has pronounced it to be the best for tte purpose hehassee?, and that Mr. Thow, the locomotive superintendent, endorMSthis opinion. It is probable that in a short period it wm be practically tested with foll-eizod trucks. It will be remembered that Mr. Mais was commissioned by the Government to r?prrt on such appliances during Ms to cti t trip through Europe and America. The following is ? return of the number of actiecs commenced, heard, and determined in tte Local Court. Adelaide, during the years ISS2 and 1383 :-In 1882 there wen 11,455 summonses Uintd, the amount mcd for being £170.802 lls. sd. Verdict, wen ob tained for £15,043 lls. lid., and judgments by default amounted to £44,117 la. Causes tried before a jury, ?>; appeals confirmsd, 3; dismissed, 7; abandoned, 2. In 1883 there were 12.745 summonses issued, the amount sued for being £223.348 2i 7d. Verdicts were obtained for £18.518 19* 2d. t and judg ments by default amounted to £54,037 2?. Id. Causes tried before a jury, 20; appeals can firmed, 8; dismissed, 14; abandoned, 0. The monthly meeting of the S. A. Mercan tile Marine Serrice Association, was hell at the Exchange Hotel, Fort Adelaide, on Won day evening, February 4, Captain Dalziell presiding over a flair attendance of member*. The secretary reported that Queen's counsel's opinion, through Mr. Dempster, in the matter of the lesaUty of the cancellation of Captain Davie's certificate fay the Marine Board at Brisbane, bad not yet come to band, and tint the same would be presented at nert meeting. Arrangements were made for carrying oat the amended mode of balloting for officers at the annual meeting in July. Captain Marshall Smith withdrew iis notice of motion at to Captain McCoy's sitting at the Marine Board meetings. Several new members were elected and another was proposed. For many yean past the city fathers have been much exercised at to what should be done with the valuable four acres of land known as the market property. The land has been virtually lying idle, and this it is felt is cot a desirable state of things. The subject cropped up again at a meeting of the City Council on Monday, when the mayor threw oat a suggestion that plans should be invited for the erection of buildings on the property, as be considered this would be a means of raiting a large amount of revenue. One alderman thought the council should either borrow about iSQJBOO and arect ? fine pile of buildings on the four acres of land, or let ? company do the work. The markets com i mittee are to have another opportunity of dealing with the question. The traffic by the HUb railway is evidently increasing. The morning train reaching the city at 9 o'clock was on Monday was quite I full, and numbers of pasaeugws who got in at the stations nearer the city had to stand. A informs us then were 196. Of thaw, as nearly as possible one-half wen from beyond Aldgate,and the other half from AUgate, Mount Lofty. Bslair. Blackwoed, and Mitcham. When it is bone in mind not there are two following trains to the dty before two o'clock, both of which an fairly patronised, this shows an amount of traffic upon the line exceeding anything which has been witnessed before upon a railway of the same i?e, and a very urge advance upon the coach traffic of a year age. An extraordlnarygenexal??eetingof share holders of the Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway Company was held at tte office of the secretary of the company (Mr. G. T. Lane), King William-street, on Monday at nooo. Then was ? email itftrmianint of shareholder*, and the chairman Of direc tors (Hon. G. W. Cotton. M.L.C.) pre sided. A motion to the effect that It was desirable for the directors of the company to make application during the next session of Parliament for power to construct a line of tramway through Victoria-square to tte company's present stand, opposite the General Post-Office, moved by the chairman, was carried unanimously. It was further decided that the articles of association should be altered so as to allow the redaction in number of the board of directors from five to three members. MA new experiment in rabbit extermina tion is being tried in the Biverina district." states the Melbourne Argut of February 2, "For the past ux months the matt steamers have been bringing out from Ceylon large consignments of mongoose*, which have been turned loose in the rabbit infested plains of the border country. Up to the present it is believed that the animals have done good service in destroying the pest; but sufficient time has not yet slapssa1 to produce any very decisive results. The BJLS. Jtosstta shipped 340 ssougooses at Colombo. Over 100 died on the voyage, but when the re mainder arrive at their destination the total number imported wffl nave been between 700 and 800. In addition to their liking for rabbits, mongoosmhaTe a dedded partiality for snakes, and this wffl probably be of gnat service also in the districts when they an The alleged uuisanee caused by Maws. Burford ft Co/a factory in Sturt-stnotbas assumed a new phase. Then has been talk enough against the nntmnoa in the past, and many people have almost become sick of listening to the grievances of people at the southern end of the city. Atjthe fortnightly meeting of the City Council on Monday a memorial bearing 288 signatures was pre sented, asking the council to forbear all farther legal imceedings against tte Messrs. Burford, Inasmnrh as in the opinion of the petitioners such proceedings wen unneces sary. A fareesy Uttle scene oocurred, those owmdnors who have been condemning tte factory! for some time past protesting in warm terms against the council giving up the fight with tte proprietors of the factory, while Others considered that matters had gone quite far enough, and that the cam should not be again taken into tte Supreme Court. The plan adopted was to refer the memorial to the health committee, who will doubtless en long present a report to themembarsot the council. In owadvcrtismg columns will be found a copy of tte memorial, with the signatures of the memoraUsa attached there to, Now that the road through Victoria-square has been opened, it is perhaps not unnatural tofinddtuensinotberparUof the town atk ing that similar alterations ssay be made in the various squares near to which their residences an situated. It was not until Monday afternoon that anything like a definite proposal was brought before the city magnates, but on that afternoon Councillor Marshall, one of tte councillors for the Hlndmanh Ward, presented a Urge and influenUaily signed memorial, asking the city council to take such stops as are necessary for the opening op of a thoroughfare through Hinflmarah-squaro from north to south. Then wan loud cries of dissent raised while the* memorial was being read, bat then U evidently a diversity of opinion among the aldermen and councillors, as was shown by the very brief discussion which ensued. The alderman went so far as to express $the opinion that it would not be an unmixed evil if roads wen constructed ttrougit the centres of aU tte squares, but such of his fellow members as believe in "the lungs of the cite" greeted this proposition with most emphatic "noes." Nothing was done with regard to the memorial, but the matter is not to be allowed to rest, as Councillor ftlusual intimated that an influential deputation, headed by the Chief Secretary, wauld wait en tee council at its next meetia^ to urge the adoption of the prayer of tha memorialists. The deputation would h?v? been present that afternoon, but the Chief Secretary, owiag to pressure of other hasi tern, was unable to attend. Tee annual dinner given to the employes by tte directots of the Glenelg Railway Com pany was fatid at tte Jetty Hotel, Gienolg, on Monday evening. There was a fair atten dance, and the chairman of directors (Mr. j T. Graves) presided. After the loyal touts, ! the chaui&an; proposed "Prosperity to the town Md tnfo Glwwlg .. to which Mr. Bickford suitably respooded. In giving the toast of "Success to the Company." tta %<irmm said the directors etui had great faith in tte success of the railway. The last half year's balance-sheet showed that the railway was ?uhing no program, and the directors felt that some alteration in the maoaje meat should be made. A aw manager (Mr. Quoin) was appointed, and ?? be lieved him to be a good sun for tte position. There w?re three courses Open to tte manager. He could leave tha railway in tte pwition in which i*. sto>i, keep all the men on and reduce their wages, cr he could discharge a certain number of enoi?losvj and give the re* mainder a good wage for a gooi day* work. The latter coarse the manager adopted andthedirectors thoroughly believed that was the best way out of the difficulty. The direc tors had to thank the men for theextraeffwts they bad made during the recent holidays! when then was a deal of traffic on the line. The directors bad confidence in tte fature working of the railway, and lie trusted the shareholders would soon be able to get come Interest on their investments in tit; company's shares. AU bad their little diffi culties, but if tte men followed their instruc tions they would be overcome. The *' Board of Director*/' the " Officers,"and otter trosts wen honored, and a pleasant was SpfEt. The following case, reported in the Scar borough Gazettr, England, dated December 6 of last year, bean some resemblance to tte celebrated conspiracy cases tried in Adelaide about twenty months ago, the important point of difference being that in tte English conspiracy tte dying person whose life waa insured;was no {party {to tte fraud:—"Dr. Rowland WilliMDf, bis fatter, William A. Farmer, and John Jones, agent for the Boyal Liver Friendly Society, wen charged today before the Holyhead magistrates with coo spiring to defraud the Boyal Liter Friendly Society. Only one caw, sufficient to justify a remand, was gone into to-day, viz., that of Ellen Thomas, aged 64 years. This woman, it appears, was insured in the Boyal Liver Friendly Society by the prisoners without her knowledge, and was represented as only 59 years of age. At the time of the insurance she was so seriously ill of Inflimmttion ot the lungs tbat her medical attendant enter* taincd no bopes of her recovery. Evidence showed tbat Thomas's form of proposal was sjude out and signed by Jones, and the medical certificate as to her good health was made out and signed Jby Dr. Williams, who had never medically examined her, and that (ho BOBu?atson Bover,n^inj?or?sn|g?ay?vsntol mo insurance moncyinat ovmnsoi asvemma, waaabodrawnnpbyw'one?. KeitherDr. Wil liams nor Jones had seen the woman respect ing the proposal to insan her, and no authority whatever bad been given for the useof her name for euch a purpose. T&e; prisoners wen remanded on ban.'' The institution of Archdeacon Fair. I.L D., as incumbent of St. UkVi Church, Adelaide, took place in the church on Monday evening, February C Then wm a very large congre gation. After an impressive service Bishop Kfwiti?ti gave aa address, basing his m. matin on tte following text:-"Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which tte Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with His own Mood."— Acts, xx., 28. These words, his lordship re aurked.must have a deep interest for any clergyman, reminding him as tioey did of the terrible neponsibilities of his duties and tte magnitude of the issues involved in Us work. Gnat, however, was tte hope inspired, for Bo who set tte standard waa tte very one who could give and would gin them power whenby to attain it. God imver repented of His gifts. He never drew them back again. He did act give that at one time to tte church which He denied afterwards, and if they bad not more of the ?piritof God within them it waa not that tte Holy Ghost lacked power, but it was because they themselves bad not believed in God's gifts, and had not acted up to the example which had been set them. Seeing tfcat tte Holy Ghost bad mads them Hisovnseen,how anxiously, aowssmyorfdlly, and wltt what self sacrifice afaould they de termine to carry out His work. Having enlarged on tte duties of a pastor to bis con gregallon, his lordship coacluded an eloquent address by enjoining tte oongnga. tion to help their pastor in every way that lay in their power to advance the Uagdom of Christ. The Bar. A. G. Bawstoms (bssaop's chaplain), Dean BusMlUArcad>aooaMarryat ths?ev.M.M.Whltton,andtte?ev. Messrs, Ives aad Wart took part in tte ?errioa. aad the keys of tte chunk wen pnosntod to Archdeacon Fan by Mamn. A. S. Jepson (minister's warden) and T. Hall (people* warden). Mr. Warhnrst ably presided at th? organ. Me Wybert Beenarrived fay steamer from Melbourne oa ?o snake arrange manna at the Thsatre Boyal oa Mimawj next. The ammbon of his ooamany will coma oa by a later boat, and tUs popular actor wffl bo doubt meet with a coaerous meed of patronage during his stay hen. An entertainment in aid of tte widow and family of the late Captain Goorgs Workman, who was washed off tte fishing ateaawr Ariel, opposite TankallCa, in November met, aad drowned, was given at tte Gleaelg Institute on Monday evening. There was a poor at tendance, but the entertainment, which con sisted of songs and recttaUoi*. ?aa success fully carried out. MimVaadepeeraang"Ko sjr"iaarsi j phasing iiibiiimi and was recalled, when she sang a second tisae. The recitation by Mr. E. Beeves, "Clarence's dream,'* was loudly applauded. Master W. and Mr. A. Sverard wen also vary anrressfnl in their duet. "I would that say love." which was well received. Miss Bkastt aad Messrs. A. O. Beetson, P. Wheelaa, J. B, Morley. and Fieetwood also took part in the musical portion of tte progiaanae. The entertain ment was concluded by the farce "The Turned Head," in which tte characten wan well sustained by Messrs. H. WHson, B. C. Graham, H. Walgrave. C. E. May, B. Morley, C. C. Presgravc, and Miss Vaadepeer. Tt? Rev. W. B. Biddleitoae will giva bis saag teitice, -The Bmaadpated Slave* of Anaric*," at (be Baptist Gbntcb, surlU. this evasdaic A ammber ?f tlava aoags win be snag by Mr. Hiddls itcae, assuctd by bis choir. We are requested to reulad psnoa* who are iate tested tabs* keepis? that aest sTridsy avastag a ?gossip metti?g <rl9so bs held at the mVOofnw Caambcr of MasWtams. ?meh wui heit epsdsi interest tobse ttswts A sjapsr b* Ki.^A.M. Bcaaeyu t?bsrmd,aad a auabsref nodsrabe* ?iveaaad cthai appUaacesfor bee keepers will to ixbibifed. 