CHAPTER VII.-MAKING A BAHOAIN. Though the snow waa on the farthest hills, tho winds that came down from these gathered breaths from deflloa, and valloys, and spans of plain, till it waa laden with tho testimony that spring was at hand. Tho soft air boro its perfumo to the platoau of Boulder Point, and from thence might bo seen tho patches of yollow abovo tho grass and among tho trees, with many dappling spots of colour made by wild flowers that looked blue lake . poola, or scattered and gleaming like stars in tho Bombro of tho olive woods. Th« ' morning was full of all this, and of the busy harmony and blessing given, whon Grant walked in the sunlight to the store. Ho carried with him good news for hor ho loved most to tn ink of, and he anticipated tho pleasure that would show itself in hor oyos and gather in hor face. He I knew tho reason of tho weariness ho had soon i there o£ late, and was he not carrying to her tho joy of glad tiding* P After IIÍB couple of days' absence ho felt repaid aa ho walked in to soo tho suddon look of satis- faction that wa3 oxjjressod, and to hear hor voice bid him wolcome. Tho calm, high look of tho brow and eyes was always there, but tho mouth changeful aud tender gave value to her few earnest words. "Back at last, John Grant. And has your pleasure trip done you good P., You are welcome, and leok almost as happy as the spring-day out there in the shino and amono; the trees. Come in." Ho followed her to the little parlour ho bad half-partitioned and half-built à short timo be- fore, and sho paused on the threshold with a look that awaited criticism, and an anticipated plea- sure in the verdict. There were few things in thé room, but they were such as ho had not seen bofore at Boulder Point. There were curtains of queer rich stuff, and a few ornaments1 that wore rare; and there were littlo things tastefully scattered about, all of; which wore a 'refinement he could scarce have believed possible. A touch of her cunning hand liere and;therö.8e6nied . ' ' V 1 Bee.bjrypur face 'you' aro about to flatter me.. Do not say it, whatever it is.". : Then with a shade of care coming ' I have asked you in here«! John Grant, re speoting a promise I gave you not long ago,' down. Tfc wants some hours to noon, and we not likely to be disturbed. J could not but f you the promise you asked of me respecting daughter's marriage, and while I could not rel such a favour to you again now if you asked still I wish you would reléaseme. I will tell ; why I ask that release aa a spécial favoui myself." The look in Grant's face changed gradually one of amused expectation; and the lady, w her keen sense, read it with a feeling bf surpr almost of impatience. "My reasons," she explained in a tone t grew firm, and a look in which was sadness well as resolve, " are these. It seems to m long time sines I have known you, and, recall: as 1 have dene every passage of your hist with which I am acquainted and of which I hi had experience, I find that you are as proud a am. Prouder, indeed, and more difficult to d with in many things. Iou know the reason w I decided to break off the marriage, and yet 3 request! of me that it should not bo broken 1 That, with you, could only moan one of t things, either that tho marriage shonld go under circumstances that would be very pain to me, or that you intondea to supply tho 1 portion. Now, John Grant, I know your ¡¿ono sity, and I know your pride. In reference to t first supposition, put yourself in my place ; reference to tho last, pub yourself in my pk also. If you do this honestly, and you will do honestly, you oan only Bay thore is only ono cou: to be pursued : tho marriage must bo postpon not for long. I have been busily engaged rougl taking stock, as well as I could, sinco you le and a year's dolay will, bo sufficient. Wi tl little indulgence from tba banks, I am not afrí of delaying my child's prospects and wishes 1er but delayed for a time at least they must 1 Put yourself in my placo, and agree with me." Sho put her hand ovor, almost beaoeching] and laid it on his arm. ' " Have you anything moro to say, Mrs. Blano She looked up with a qulok oxprôssion of pa which became intensified when she saw that j showed no evidenco of having been touched 1 her representation, which was almost a ploadin " I could sib hero this beautiful forenoon ni hear and seo you talk for hours qogethor. T< can scarcely imagine what pleasure it gives m When I loft Boulder Point the other day I to< caro to givo you no cluo to the business that toe mo away. That business, or journey, was undo taken on your behalf." ¡1 ¡ "On mine?" ' "Have you no business abroad in which 1 might bo useful ?" " I know of none," she. made reply, her fa< clouding, "except that weary;burglary affai But that is past and gone; with mo, it is dès and buried." : . t .. . " You will require to bury it ovor, again, the: I havo resurrected it." " I don't understand you," sho said, hopeless!; " You will understand mo when I toll you th £ Bobbie and I have interviewed the thief, and, (taking a packet from his big breast pocket " thero ia tho value of the gold stolen, burrin one hundred pounds. It is right to a fractioi Mrs. Blane. I countod it myself." When ho put tho money down his countenanc changed and his voice Bhook j his large kind oyc were moist at the feeling of gratitude and jo tho lady's face exhibited. Ono glance flamed 1 her oyes for an instant. So full of thankfulnes and of love, that it sank down upon his hear! carrying a memory with it that was destined t romain thoro through all his coming life, and i visited him ofton after, bringing along with i the sunny day that lived boyond tho window an shed in upon thom tho fragianco it carriod. Sh leaned towards him, glowing warmer and brights than thc day, and put her banda upon his. Thoi it Boomed to him that soino suddon pain smoti and chillod her, that tho lifo fled out of her face that sho drew herself back shuddering and pallid and looked at him with fear, " Oh ! My-Mrs.Blano, you aro ill! what's tb matter ?" he asked, rising hurriedly. She was looking out boyond him, away througl and past the gladness of tho'day, as to a darknes that was before her. Sho caught for the momen tho earnest concern that was in his oyes, the lan guago of which she had loarnod to read long ago Thore was a struggle at her bravo heart, but i gave way to tears, bofore suffering that shool har like a storm. Ho movod closer, but sho looket up with her faco stained, and asked him to loav( hor. And ho stood Btill and almost trembling for ho could not mistake tho truo quivor of feai that waa in tho entreaty. She bent hor hoad upon her hands, and thc shadows movod Bilontly and fitfully upon the table, trembling tenderly on hor hair. Tho packe! of money looked coarse and curled in tho light half ragged and daubed aild strangled witt knotted cord. Between them, and to them bot! came inauy voicoa. The royal sunlight flowed ir upon tho Bilenco between tho strong man and th« bowed woman. Mrs. Blano pressed her hands upon hor eyes and drew them rapidly down hoi face, as sho falteringly roso frem her scat and ro treated farther from tho man who had served hei j so well, beforo speaking, and supporting herseli I with ono trembling hand on tho chair that wat now bofore hor, sho said : " The dobt of gratitude that I owe to you j John Grant, is ono of thoso that is not to bo mea- sured by any ordinary standard. When I first came to this placo, you wore the ono to givo mo aid and the first to intorest yourself in the welfare of a woman who was a stranger and utterly un- known to every person in tho. little settlement, It is to your exertion I owo this homo, and tho sense of independence it has brought to me. I owe the happiness and calmness that have marked my life since I found a harbour hero. For thatj God bless you ! I am not a young aud inexpe- rienced girl, but a mother and a woman whore tho world has tutored harshly. You know nothing of my past history | if you did, this explanation could nob havo'oocurred; neither could anothei Boone which happened beforo you were wounded.'' She raised her face with the evidenco of re < olve coming to her brow and eyes again, tf I |mow I ara in soma degree, and in tb« pnïy way possible, dlscharging my debt of gratitud» to you^ when Instate what, under any ether cir sumatances, I would not dare to do. Since I came to Boulder Point I have watched and stu- died you. There is nob a thought expressed by your face, or voioe, or eyes that I cannot read j and I would be acting ungratefully towards you if I did not tell you that I know you love me. It is visible in your voice when it speaks, and in ëvèry ^speaking expression you wear. You are hoping for what is impossible of attainment. What my feelings aré towards you, you will not ask mo to Bay. That cannot matter, consider- ing our relative positions." Ho stood farther back; in a gossamer-like sha- dow that fell from the curtains aa if Becking some sort of shade or shelter, and his voice seemed at once to have grown thin and drawn, offering a singular contrast to her intense tones and the light of ber face. " You have spoken truly, Mrs. Blane. I have soen in you every day, from the day I first saw you at the crossing place by the loaded dray; the ' first and only passion of my life. I ¿have never fought or wreatled with it, being content to regard it as a dream, and to rogard you as something to. aspire to but not to reach. You would not be- lieve Mrs. Blane, how wonderfully that feeling has softouod and enriched mr life, and how bare tho loss will loavo it. I should have told you of my lovo ono day, but not yet. I was so afraid of what my words might bring. There was tho hap- piness of a possible realisation sometime,- maybe when your daughter waa married and you were alone ; and I rested on this as men will reston a. possibility that is bright but far. It was a long dream, and it was a fair one 5 to settle down and live with thankful heartB among tho beauties and in tho calm that are always here." '?">'. 1 t'; Mrs. Blane's hand was white with her tightened grasp of tho chair, and it shook painfully, al- though tho blush from neck to browbecame deeper red. She spoke brokenly. ' ;,! *. John Grant, you do not know the danger. You do not know tho position. You do not know your ! strength. Let mo do you one service .that * ill j count against the hundreds you have; done for; me." V- ' "Ay, if it will give you happiness." !i But tho manner of his speaking frightened her, and she stood giddily for nearly a minute getting the mastery of herself. " That which will givo you a calm and tranquil lifo, and permit the fruit of your goodness to find you with thoir peace and their content." I. " And what is that P" " Give me tho pleasure of knowing I have made tono sacrifico for you. My daughter's borne and future are assured," pointing to tho stained par- cel. I havo often hoard you say you would rather' live at Boulder Point than in any other corner of the; earth. Let mo, for your sake, go out into tho world again. There is enough there and ia the store to assure my future, thanks to you. [ Live herc, John G rant, and be a friend to my I daughter, and lot uio go." John Grant Qmilod but did not speak. She took her hand off tho chair, and in tho ex- tremity of hor agitation interlaced her fingers pathetically. ..... ! .¡ > .í , *' You do not know, you cannot tell,-howneces- sary it ia that we should separate.. Oh J; I fear < for tho future !" and she put her hands upon her faco again. > " And why P Surely I have a right to ask P" " Surely you have, and if you do ask I will an-, swer tho question, and answer it fully, whatevor it rn ay cost-me." ¡, 1 ' .,, ' . , Sho stepped over to whoro.ho stood in the slight shade, and placed hor hands on his shoulders. "It will be the only unkind, thing you have over done to mo, John . Grant, if you ask the question." í '. !'>,.' ' '. '/ ? ""' \ ",'"'. Her face had answered-him moto plainly than, words could, his look brigh'tericd/ahd his voice was full and tremulous". . . . " I will not ask, but I haym an' offer, to make that maybe accoptod .' as*, a| Wmpro.mi80. I have; business away from' Boulder,' Point. .Thora is a' link in abrokon chain to be picked up somewhero' away from this, that I have neglooted, which may indeed turn out t » bo a criminal neglect on my part Again, I like that place, Norryone, whore wo recovered tho gold. In short,'' ho said, taking her not unwilling hand; I purpose leaving you. for six months, and at the conclusión of that timo, loaming from yourself, , if my life can bo crowned aa I hope it may be yet. I will pack up odds and ends in some Btout cases, over there*, and lcavo you tho koy." She only shook her head. The beauty of tho day seemed to have left it, and its brightness looked a mockery. ( ..' " Good bye !" For the first time ho took her face between his hands and kissed it, and when she turned to look after him the assurance of strength Bhe shad re- lied on was gone, and the long steady strido of tho mau who had won her, came back on her loneliness. Sho sank upon her > seat and looked down upon her shaking bands, upon tho thin gold ring that waa tboro ; she turned fy.Wearily round and round, and flung her band from her -as flinging away a clasp, all tho firmer that, it was not to ba BCOU, all tho moro fateful and bind- ing that it was but tho ghost of another hand that waa resting upon hers. Sho trembled sud- denly before somo thought that presented itself to her, as ghostly and unreal as the hand ; and when hor daughter roturnod from nor walk among tho huts, and the flowers that were coniíng¡up to broider tho sward and touch tho 'shades with tints, she found hor mother lying, forward upon the table in a swoon. (TO BE CONTINUED) . The Minister of Works has, wo understand, decided that the site for the railway station at Wollongong shall bo' at tho, junotion, of Crown-Btreot. with the main 'southern ' road to Kiama. This is the site recommended by the'offioors ot tho, department. ; Scone--Front of a G oorgc-sfcreot millinery establish- ment. Oharaotors t Two new chums from the Land o'i Cakes, Tam: "Hallo, ^Geordie, whit's yer hurryP"; Geordie (holding up a 'box)¿j'*'Thia is.a I bonnet for the wife, and rm'burrin' à wa hame wi't, I afore it gaea oot> o' fashion !" 