POLICE INTELLIGENCE. Inspector O'Connor proceeded against Wil liam Burke, licensee of the Red Lion Hotel, Lonsdale street before Mr. Panton, P M and a bench of justices, at the District Court on Tuesday, for a breach of the Trades Marks Statute. On the 3lst of October Mr. M. Reidy, inspector of licensed premises and liquor visited the defendant's hotel, and observed in a bottle which was exposed for sale and. bore KIL ker, Greer, and Co s brand, some inferior wins) He seized the bottle, and had the liquor examined when it was found that instead of being furl er, Greer and Co s Shamrock whisky, the liquor was SS _ underproof, having been adulterated with water The defence was that the which, was in the same state as when it was bought The Bench said that as the spirits were adulterated with nothing worse than water a lenient view would be taken of the case and the defendant was fined £10, with £1 le. costs In the report of the case of Henry Phillips, tried it the City Court on Friday, which he feared in the Aunts of Saturday, it should have been stated that the prisoner was discharged. At the Heidelberg Court on Monday John Lithgow, Louis Shrimpton, Jose, li Hill, and Charles Smith, owners or drivers of cabs were charged before Mr Hare P M and Messrs McArthur, Bond, and Laidlaw, J P s with carrying more passengers than were per- mitted by the bye laws The charge was admitted in each instance, Mr Hill explaining that one of his cabs had been hired on the occasion without his authority 1 area of from 5s to 10s , with 2s. 6d costs were in dieted Charles Smith was also charged with allowing disorderly persons to be in his licensed cab and the offence being proved, he was fined 10s., with 2s 6d coats At the 1 Ithnm Court on Monday, a man named Thomas Bloxham was charged before Mr Hare, P M. and Messrs Duncan, Hell and A inwove, J P 'a. with stealing a silver watch, the property of John Pollard He was sentenced to three months imprisonment with hard labour At the Williamstown Court on Tuesday, Thomas McDowell licensee of the Victoria Inn, was charged with Sunday trading The Bench was unanimous in dismissing the suit One of the magistrates, Mr I) Aitkens, said that he failed to see why constables should " (20 sneaking about in plain clothes Andrew Pedersen, master of the barque Cluribe! was summoned for entering the Heads without having a pilot on board a breach of the harbour regulations Defendant stated that the cargo of his vessel had shifted, and that as he was close to the shore, and a strong current flowing, he con a dered it unsafe to heave to for the pilot schooner, but that as soon as the condition of the Chamber became less precarious, after entering the Heads, he took a pilot on board. A line of £5, with five guineas costs, was imposed At the St Kilda Court on Tuesday, Mario Leamington was charged with the larceny of a pair of blankets and a pair of lace curtains valued at £3, belonging to Mrs Sarah Dalomple, of Beaconsfield parade Mr Lyons who defended, stated that it was not the first time that Mrs Daley tulle who seemed to be of eccentric habits, had made unfounded 1 charges against lodgers who had the misfortune to take upthiirabodc in her house The case was dismissed James M'Naughton was charged with bathing his dog off the jetty, St Kilda, the penalty for which under the new bye-law is not less than £3 It being a first offence, the defendant was cautioned and discharged Complaints having been made of nightly disturbances taking place in the vicinity of the St Kilda Cemetery, where it appeared crowds of youths collected at late hours to chase a supposed ghost, the police determined, if possible, to suppress the nuisance, and accordingly summoned two young men, named respectively W Doeg who was carrying a life preserver, and Harry Giffard, who was carrying a cricket bat in his hand, at 10 o'clock at vacant, near the cemetery, for insulting behaviour As it was proved that the two young men were merely going for a walk, the cases were dismissed 