Turf Notes, by ' Hippiuion.' The victory of Malua, with Ihe splendid second of Commotion iu the Melbourue Cup, is a triumph for the handicapper, ana the spectacle of the two best horses in Australia racing home together under almost welter weights far iu front of the most brilliant field of handicap horses that could be brought to oppose them, must have given the genuine lover of a m/wJ ImrsB much the same sort of pleasure that the gods are credited with at the sight of a good man struggling with adversity. The time was without doubt the best ou record, takiug the -weights carried by the first and second horses into consideration, for though Darriwel' earned a record of 3min. 303sees., and Martini-Henry one of 3miu. 30lsecs., Mr. ltawlinsen's horse, the same age as Malua, carried ony 7st. 4ft, orSOlbs. less tbau his w.f.a., and Mar tini-Henry, thfiu 3 years old, carried 7st. 51b,, or lft under his w.f.a., whilst Malua was burdened with 41b, and Commotion with 01b over their w.f.a. respectively. Frying Pan ran a great horse in the Yau'Yean Stakes, doing his mile under 9st. 71b in Imiu. 421secs., giving Yately lVlbs. and I/ord Exeter 2Glbs. ? The loug-talked-of Cracker colt, after Buffering: defeat at the hands of Mozart iu the Railway Slakes on Tuesday, won Thursday's Miiden Plate fl-om Conings liy, the S. Australian Hippogriff, and seven others, the mile and a half being run in 2min. 43Jsecs. The Maribyruong Plate form was enhanced by Newstead's victory iu the Flying Stakes over Malua, Evie, aud others at w.f.a., the wiuuer carrying Ost. 61b9., and Malua 9st. lfl-, the six furloug being something like the fastest ou re cord, viz., lmin. 14secs, ? Mistletoe's brother, the 4-year-old Privateer, did a capital llmiles in 2min. 101sec3., when he won the Spring handi cap for Mr. A. P. Smart, and David, as well as Tremaudo, owes his position in front of Off Colour for the Royal Park Stakes to the latter being off or out of form. The defeat of Gratitude for the Oaks was probably a surprise, but in the spring young ladies' fancies turn so seriously to thoughts of love, that fillies' spring form unless unmistakably excellent is not to be relied on, and the result of a race be tween fillies is pretty certain to be con tradicted later in. the year. 'Mr. Moouey,' says a correspondent ' has made a great haul over Malua's victory iu the Cup at Melbourue.' Dalby races on Boxing Day. Big ban' dicap £30. Mr. Jacobs' Rufus ran a regular duffer in the Cnulfirld Guineas. He wou the V.R.C. Derby ! Would Mr. Jacobs ex plain aud reconcile? Mr. Mayo and Mata's owner had to reconcile less contra dictory running than this to the stewards of the A.J.C. and V.R.C., and failed to convince the authorities. The Mount Barker Courier, quoted by ' Augur,' tells of a mare, who had been barren throughout a long life though served by horses innumerable, throwing ?a strong healthy foal in her twenty fourth year. This equine story is paral leled by that told ou the authority of Acton or Winslow, of a maiden lady who ?was courted and married in her eighty third year by a patriarch of five years older, and presented him iu due time with well grown healthy twins. ' Augur ' of the Australasian describes oue of Mr. Blackler's colts recently put in Mr. Yuille's hands for sale as a full brother to Sardius, being got by Winter lake out of Ruby ; but Sardius was got by Emulation not by Winterlake. Legend has a chesnut filly foal to Epi gram, a curious 'sport' as to color, Legend's foals having been invariably bays, dark bays, or browns. Epigram's fee at Hobartville, says the &l;/dncu Mail, is 30 guineas. '-Augur' Jikes Olive the best of the expatriated Grange mares, and so would any oue else with an eye. On Wednesday next, 19th, the Wagga Cup will be run for. The acceptances are very satisfactory. The late Flemiug lou running has wiped out the chances of several that hitherto seemed formid able, and the best in appear to be Bat I.'iilous, Favo, Victress, Tremando, Phyllis, and the three-year old Impulse, whose weight is only 6st. ; Adainaulea is a probable starter, and is on the spot by . this time. Peter .Shields, who rode Dagworth and Rosebud in their respective 'metropoli- tan ' victories at Randwick iu 1871 aud 1872, died at the Racecourse Hotel, Fiem ington, after a long illness, on the eve of the late Spring meeting. In answer to a correspondent : — New- ? stead, winner of the Maribyruong Plate, was bred by SirThos. Elder, S. Australia, and got byNeckersgat out of Ada by Lucifer (son of Gemma de Vergy) — Zeno- bia (imp.) by Kingston — Palma, by Plenipotentiary — Tadmor's dam, etc. Neckersgat was bred by Mr. Gerrard, S. Australia, in 1873, aud got by Talk o'the Hill (imp.)— Miss Giraffe (imp.) (Rapid Bay's dam) by King Tom -Giraffe by Melbourne, etc. Miss Giraffe died foal ing in 1874, aged 16 years. Tiaro Races on Monday were mild sporting, and the weather was against them ; details of the running will be found in another column. The winner of the opening event is a nicely shaped bay gelding by Tamerlane, Starlight by name, who won a race atGympie ameet ing or two back if I remember rightly. Pharos, the ridiculously easy winner of the Publicans' Purse, is the big son of Pharos who won the Friday Plate at Maryborough. Previous to the race a protest was entered against his starting at Tiaro, on the ground that he had won a prize of over ten pounds in value ; the protest was of course dismissed as frivolous, and the £1 note accompanying it forfeited deservedly. At these hedge meetings where a five pound prize is a source of as eager contention as the 1000 sovs. added to a Melbourne cup, and gives rise to fiercer feuds; protests are too readily entered, and imputations thereby cast upon owners without the shadow of excuse. Iu the present case uo trouble whatever had been taken by Miller (the protester) to ascertain how far he was justified in accusing Cutler indirectly of an attempt to perpetrate a swindle, and it served Miller right to have to pay for his greediness by forfeiting his pound. Had he taken the very little trouble to look over your files of August he would have seen that the stake Pharos won was a' £10 plate. The three-year old filly Beeswing, who wou the Hurry Scurry, is said to be a daughter of Viscount, and has no little pace though email aud light. A grey mare, Vixen by Chieftain, who had run nowhere to Pharos, won the Consolation from a most indiffereutfneld. A very well grown three-old chesnut filly by Parasite, standing about 15 hands 3 inches, with a grand loin and great quarters, ran well but green ; and though her pace is not likely ever to be tip-top, she looks like making a capital jumper, as so many of the Parasites have done. Among the performers at the meeting was the diminutive pony mare Flirt, well known atGayndah, Gympie, and Maryborough. An unsuccessful but good performer was the veteran Bendigo, whose white face has so often showed in front over Tiaro racecourse, and iu spite of the sere aud yellow leaf, the old horse has a lot of his old pace, aud all his honesty still when the pinch comes. In an article ou coming events, in the QuccnMandcr of Saturday last, the liber ality of Tattersall's Club in the matter of high prizes, low entrance fees and small sweeps, is properly commended ; but it must not be altogether forgotten that fair sweepstakes increase the value of the prizes, and that owners, who generally find some difficulty in backing their horses in Queensland to any remunera tive extentare to all intents and purposes taking long odds against them in paying up at scale. When the owner of Malua, for instance, laid down his £20 sweep stakes, he was really backing him at odds of about 29 to 1 against his horse, aud at evens against any other horse in the race, whilst the 30 final acceptors in creased the value of the prize by 570 sovs. David, who ran second to Rufus iu the Derby and won the Royal Park Stakes, is by The Gondolier, a horse not to be con founded with Gondolier, without the de finite article. David's sire, The Gondo lier, is by The Thames (imp, son of Kingston), out of the famous Phizgig (imp.) by Voltigeur — Touchstone. Nearly all the Queensland sporting press gives David sire as Gondolier, which according to Yuille, Vol. II, page 9, is misleading, as there are three horses of the name in the stud- book. The Derby wiuuer, Rufus, does not appear under that uame in the stud books, but his dam must be Princess Alice, by Bethnal Green out of Saucepan, Frying Pau's dam. Brisbane races seem to have been quite up to the average, both in sporting interest aud attendance. Latoua, who seems a very different filly from the ' second-rater' who performed so badly at Brisbane last May, showed herself at least a less unworthy relative of Legrand than in the autumn, by winning both the Maiden and Mares' Produce Stakes, aud it is probable that the daughter of Legend may grow into the best of the three year olds. Mr. Jost's luck was ' in' throughout the meeting, as Elsiuore won the Publi can's Purse and Totalisator Stakes, and Petronel aud Ormond finished first aud second for the Derby in very good time ; 2min. 48secs. Sovereign and Privateer disappointed their friends, if not both Mr. Finnic aud Mr. M'Gill, and 12st. failed to stop Ingleside in the Hurdle Race. Ou the second day the attend ance was about double what it was ou the Saturday, and Latona appears to have made mince-meat of Sovereign in the opening event — the Mares' Produce Stakes. The ' dark' Lancer won Mr. M'Gill his only race, the Corinthian, and pretty easily too from Goldfinder's sister, Remembrance, who would have been harshly used had the haudicapper clapped a stone or so more ou her back, becauseof her relationship to Mr. Finnie's crack, as a sporting writer in the Quccns lander hinted, ought to have been done. The fact is Remembrance has run a very indifferent iilly, being beaten by Kate Kearney at w.f.a. at Warwick, aud Kate is little better than a hackney. At the same meeting again this sister to Gold finder finished in the ruck, not only be hind Petroael (for a filly might do that and yet be a racehorse), but a long way iu the rear of Sir Lauucelot aud Adam, the former giving her 3st. 41bs. .' whilst Adam conceded 2st. Gibs. In the face of a record like this, the ' relationship to Goldfiuder' don't count for much, and I think after all public form must be a better guide for handicapping thau pedigree. Petrouel nearly rivalled Wheatmeat's performance last year iu carrying off Derby aud Cup. Whether the extra weight, or the extra half mile, or both together stopped Elsiuore, is hard to say, but he ran last, though Mr. Jost declared to win with him, and luckily Petrouel was just good enough to beat Pres ton who, however, ran a good horse under the weight. Medusa ran badly, as she always seems to do at Eagle Farm, but at this time of year mares are not to be trusted, and her de feat does not probably quite represent her true form. Response ran a good but unlucky mare, aud Leon failed to confirm his western reputation. Ingle side's class ' over the sticks ' is clearly too good for anything now in the neigh borhood of Brisbane, if not in all Queens land, as despite the ' revision' of weights in the second hurdle race, he wou it more easily than he did the first. The value of Response's victory in the Flying Handicap remains to bo seen, on the receipt of the weight, under which it was ruu aud won ; but those who pinned their faith to Rattrapin the two big handicaps could have little idea of ' class,' as the horse could not have won either race over the distance with5st. 71bs. in the saddle. The V.R.C. meeting concluded on Saturday last, and Bargo, as I expected, wou the Mares' Produce Stakes. Melo dious' victory in the Flemington Stakes, proved that her party had reason for supporting her so warmly for the Mari byruong Plate. In this race Corday, by Grand Flaneur, ran second. In the V.R.C. Handicap, won by the Melbourne Cup third , Plausible. The Queenslander, Lord Clifden, astonished everybody by running second, with Hilltop imme diately oehind him. In the Canterbury Plate Commotion took a great revenge ou Malua for the latter's Cup triumph, and the perform ance perhaps stamps the son of Panic as the best horse in Australia overa scope of ground. Womak's Sphbbb — There are cw men now bo benighted as to believe that woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's word6 : ' To sncltle fools and chronicle small beer.' Tet b woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatlj assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for berconveni eoce, have produced their celebrated ' Bekinp; Powder' and Gold Medal ' Castard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most deliciom custards, blanc-manges, &c;:, at half tte usaai Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marlej's ghost : ' How do I know that you.afe'nbt a bit of undigested bread f ' for, of sll the ghost producers, a bitof 'hewy' .bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghoBtg by uBing Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread j for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it aill raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Eyory wiso storekeeper has it by him, and ; very good housewise buys it. 