ADA LEICESTER. ? ? ? i CHAPTER XXXIV. (CONTINUED). It is impossible to describe the effect this young girl's evidence produced upon the court. She. did not weep or blush, as most girls of her age might have done. The feel ing that gave her voice the tones of thrilling sadness, the subdued pain in her sweet coun tenance -re all too strong and deep for these ir. - common manifestations. You saw thai xis young creature was performing ' a solemu duty, when she stood up there to 'testify against the being whom she loved better than anyone upon earth — that the single hour which she occupied the stand would leave behind it such memories as v weigh upon the heart for ever. Julia descended from the gaze of that crowd older at heart by ten years than ordin ary events would have left her. Great suf fering brings painful precocity with it. It takes but a few moments to harden iron into s steel; but the fire is hot and the blows are \- iiard that accomplish the transformation. & t :'ho defence refused all cross-examination, gp n i Julia was told that she might leave the 5| sUud. As the permission was given, she EV l lifted her heavy eyes, and turned them once |i'' more upon her grandfather. Oh, what a ||'f ; world of anguish lay in that look ! The old Wp man answered it with another smile. She fe-' flaw it but dimly, for her eyes were filling M with tears, but it sad sweetness made her gr! tfaint. She tottered back to the seat by her if grandmother, leaned her head against the ~ wall, and, without a eigh or tnotion, she be 1A ?came as insensible as the wall itself. IV It was strange, but the evidence of this I!'- young girl, strongly as it bqre against the jglj- prisoner in fact, created a; j feeling in. his favour with the jury, an.' disposed the crowd ||p 'to more charitable thoughts of the old man ' who could make himself so beloved bv a -creature like that. As for Mrs. Gray, she ^absolutely sobbed till the chair shook under H' 3ier all the time that Julia was speaking. 'But the grandmother sat motionless, only burning her eyes slowly from her husband to p the jury, and from them to the judges — 'Striving, poor creature, to gather some ray of if lope from their faces. j P It was a strong proof of tho influence jhe It 'truthfulness of this young creature had -on L 'the court, that there was a good deal of legal informality permitted in the examination, if She had been allowed to tell her story after * her own gentle fashion, without undue inter ference from the lawyers ; and for a little i- time after she had left the stand, there was ^ profound silence in the court, as if no one S could break— even by a whisper — the im pressions which her evidence had left. j i^. This silence was broken by the prisoner, j 1&, who arose all at once, ana attempted to K-/£' move towards his grandaughtjer. While all otheis were absorbed, he had seen her head droop against the wall, the heavy lids settle like snow-flakes over her eyes, and the color, p quenched around her mouth. The sight was |v too muoh for him, and he started up as I ||b' --?- have described, but only to feel the officer's P|;- grip upon his arm. ^ 'See, see, you have killed, her,' said the % old man, pointing with his ifinger to the inr sensible girl. 'Let me goto her, 1 say — C~ one — minute — only a minujfce!! No one else can bring her to life !' ; | j I'- Th« offices- attempted to resist the old i i . nn I i V_ ' -- down — sit down,' he 'said ; ' it dis tui tiio court. She Bhalli have care ; only r be quiet.' j | ' The prisoner resisted this friendly violence, 'TT and struggled against the man with all his i -feeble strength. j ' She is dead ; I tell you it [has killed her, poor thing ! Poor darling, she is dead !' he repeated, and tears rolled heavily down his face. 'Will no one see if she is quite, quite 0K. gone ?' . 1 M . ' y!~ , - As if in answer to this pathetic cry for aid, young man forced his -x ay Tip from a ooraer 8f of the room -where lie had. stood all day re s' :gardin£ every stage of. the jtrial with the ! ?.J keenest interest, and, taking Julia in his arm, carried her to an open! window. ' Give me water,' he suidl to the officer ; ?'there is some before thle judge ;' then ^turning toward Mrs. Gray who, occupied by ^ the prisoner, had been quitjj insensible to ?Julia's situation, he said abruptly, 'Have you no uarusnurnj. — uuwiug uuuul you aunt-, that will be of use ?' } j ' Dear me, yes,' answered jthe good lady, producing a vial of caraphojr *T'om the depths ?of her pocket ; '|I thought! s^flnething of the &ind; might happen; here is the water, too; there, her eyelids begin to move.' f*'' 'She is better — she will soon be well,' -said Robert Otis, turning} his face towards K the prisoner, who stood in the midst of the $ court looking after his grandchild, with-eye3 that might have touched a heart of stone. *' Thank you, thank, you !' said the old man; and without another w6rd he sat down covered his face with both| hand, and wept like a child. | | After a little J ulia. was led back to her seat and Robert Otis withdrew into the crowd again. Another witness was examined and dismissed. Then there carnej a pause in the proceedings. The witnesses' stand was for a time unoccupied. The district- attorney sat restlessly on his chair, j casting anxious glances towards the door.jasj if jwaitiug for some person important to His cause. The Judge was just bending forward to desire the proceedings to goon, when! a slight bustle near the door caused a movement through the whole crowd. Those j persons near the entrance were pressed back against their neighbour?, by two officers in authority, who thus made a lane to the! witnesses' stand, through which a lady passed with rapid foot Steps and evidently much excited by the position in which she found herself. A whisper of surprise, not unmingled with admiration, ran through the| crowd, as this lady took her place upon the | stand. She hesitated an instant ; then with a graceful motion, swept the veil of heavy lace back upon her bonnet, and turned ; toward the Judge. The face thus exposed had some thing far more striking ilk it than beautv. It was a haunty face fu.ll | of di termination ^''''and with a calmness upon *tno features thaf was too rigid not to have been forced. Not withstanding this, you cofeld.seo that thr a. ? Ki.l i. U ! woman tremoiea m eveiy mm-, : her features to the crowd. . | ; It was not the bashful tremor which might have brought crimson', to the brow of any female, while so rnanjj eyes were bent opon her, but a strong neryjous cxcitement which lifted her above all these considera tions. The contrast of a black {velvet dress flowing to her feet, and fitted tifiht at the throat, might have added somejwb at to the affect produced | by !a face [at once so stern and so beautiful. Certain it is that thrill of that respect which strong | feeling always carries with it passed through; the crowd ; | and though she was strikingly lovely, people forgot that in sympathy 16r the emotions that she suppressed with ? such fortitude. The rapidity with which she had entered the court, and the position which she took on the stand, prevented a full view! of her face to Mrs. Warren, and Julia ; but, as she f turned slowly towards them in throwing back her veil, the effect upeii these two persons was startling enough. The old woman half rose from her chair ; her lips moved, as if a smothered cry had died upon them, and she sat down again, grasping a fold of Mrs. Gray's gown in her bands. It was the face she had seen in the carriage that morning. . - . Julia also recognised the lady; with a start. It was the woman who had ^purchased flowers of her so often; who fiad been so invariably kind; and whose fate had been strongly blended with her own, since the first day when she had purchased violets from her flower-basket. ; : There was something startling to the young girl in this sudden apparition of a I persons who had been to her almost like iate itself! At that solemn moment she drew her breath heavily, and listened with pain ful attention for the first words that might fall upon the court. Mrs. Gray abo was filled with astonishment ; for she saw her own brother, Jacob Strong, enter the court, walking close behind the lady, until she mounted the stand, with the air and manner of an attendant. When the lady took her position he drew back towards the door, and stood motionless, gazing anxiously upon her face, without turning his eyes aside even for an inetant. It was in vain Mrs. Gray motioned with her hand that he should approach her ; all his senses seemed swallowed up by keen interest in the lady. Ho had no existence, for the time, but in her. i Of all the persens in the court-room there was not one who did not exhibit some un usual interest in the woman placed so unex pectedly upon the witnesses' stand except the prisoner himself. He had been, during: some j moments, sitting with his forehead bent in his elapsed hands, lost in thought, or, it might be, in prayer to the God who had, as it seamed, almost abandoned him. He did not look up when the lady entered ; and not till the examination had proceeded to con siderable length was he aware of her pre sence^ It was worthy of remark that the prose cuting attorney addressed this witness with a degree of respect which he had extended to no other person. His voice, hitherto so sharp aad biting, took a subdued tone. His manner became deferential ; and tbe opening questions, in which he was so usually abrupt almost to rudeness, were rather now insinu ated than demanded. He waived the usual preliminaries regarding the age and name of the witness, and even apologised for the necessity which had compelled him to bring her before the court. The lady listened to all this with a little impatience ; she was evidently in no state of mind for commonplace gallantries, and seemed releived when he commenced those direct ' questions which were to place her evidence before the court. ? 'Mrs. Gordon, that is your name, I believe ?' . The lady bent her head. ' Did you know Mr. William Leicester, when he was living ?' A |fait tremor passed over the lady's lips, but 6lie answered clearly, though in a very subd.ued voice — ' Yes, I knew him !' ' He visited at your house, sometimes ?' 'Yes!' ' When did you see him last ?' ' 0n the ? ' Her voice became almost inaudible as she uttered the date , but the lawj'er had keen ears, and forebore to aek a repetition of the words, for her face chaiiged suddenly, and it seemed with a violent effort that she was able to go on. ' And what hour did he leave the house ?' ' I do not know the exact hour !' ' Was it late ?' ; ' Yes ; I gave a ball that night ; and my guests generally remained late.' ; 'Did you observe anything peculiar in his manner that night P Did he act like a man; who was likely to commit suicide in the morning?' It was holt a minute before the lady gave anv reply to this question ; then she spoke with an effort, as if some nervous affection were almost choking her. \ ' I cannot judge — I do not know. It is a strange question to ask me.' 'I regret its necessity!' said the at torney, with a deferential bend of the head ; ' our object is,' he said, addressing the : judge, 'to show by this witness how fthe deceased was occupied duriiig the nignt oefore his murder. I believe it is the intention of , the defence! to claim that ; 'WTUiu-lJ* IjOietiHLWl t _? I. 'yfi was ' a case of suicid© instssid oi* xttQj 'iOuL' iiiurder we will prove it to have been. I wish to show by this lady fctiat he Was u guest in her mansion up to a late hour; that! he joined in the festivities of a ball and jwas among the most cheerful revellers present. I must repeat the question, madam — did you remark anything singular in his manner — anything to distinguish him from other guests ?' : The lady parted her lips, struggled, and answered — j ' No, I saw nothing.' She lifted her eyes after this, as if impelled by sonie magnetic power, and met these of the tall, guant man who had followed her into court. FTib| look of sorrowful reproach seemed to sting her and she spoke again, louder and more resolutely. ' There was nothing in the {words or acts of William Leicester that night which warronted an idea of suicide — nothing !' A faint sound, not quite a groan, but deeper than a sigh, bioke from Jacob Strong, and he shrunk back into the crowd with his head drooping, like some animal stricken with an arrow and anxious to hide the wound. That moment, as if actuated by one of those impulses that seem like the strides of fate toward an object, the district attorney said, as it seemed in the very wantonnes of his prfessional privilege— ' Look at that prisoner, madam. Did you ever see him before.' The lady turned partly round and looked towards the prisoner's seat. The old man had bis head bowed, for the bight of his insensible grandchild had left him strength less, and she could orly distinguish the soft wave of gray hairs around his temples and the stoop of a figure venerable from age. ' Stand up,' commanded the judge, ad dressing the old man ; 'stand up, that the witness may upon your face.' The old man arose and stood upright. His eyes were lifted slowly and met those of the woman, which were filled with cold abhorrence of the being whom she was forced to look upon. I cannot describe those two faces, as their eyes were rivitted upon each other, both were instantly pale as death. After a moment, in which some thing of doubt mingled with its corpse-like pallor, that of the woman took an expression of almost terrible affright. Her pale lips quivered ; her eyes distended with wild brilliancy. She lifted one hand, that shook like an aspen leaf, and swept it across her eyes, once, twice, as if to clear their vision. She did not attempt to speak; the sight of that old man chilled her through and through, and she seemed freezing into mavble. The change that came upon the prisoner was not less remarkable. At first there settled upon his face a look of the most painful astonishment. It deepened, changed, and, as snow becomes luminous when the sunshine strikes it, the very pallor of his features brightened. Affection, tenderness, the most thrilling gratitude, beamed through their whiteness ; and while her gaze was fascinated by his he stretched forth his arms. This scene was so strange, the agi tation of these persons so unaccountable, that it held the whole court breathless. You might have heard an insect stir in any part of that vast room. It seemed with - every breath as if some cry must burst from the old man — as if the lady would sink to the earth, dead, so terrible was her agitation. But the prisoner only stretched forth his arms, and it seemed as if this slight motion restored the lady to herself. Her face hardened ; she turned away,, with drawing her gaze slowly, as if the effort cost her a mortal pang. Then she answered — 'No, I do not recognise him !' . Her lips were like marble, and her voice so husky that it made the hearers shrink, sut every word was clearly enunciated. The old man fell back to his seat ; his ' ' arms dropped heavily down ; he, too, seemed frozened into stone. ' For a moment, the witness stood mute for still ; then she started all at once, turned, and descended into- the crowd. Mrs. Warren, whom no one had observed during this scene, arose from her seat, as the lady passed and followed her. The crowd closed around them, but the old woman struggled through, and laid a trembling grasp upon the velvet dress that floated before her like the waves of a pall. The lady turned her pale face sharply round, and it came close to that of the old woman. A convulsion stirred her features'; she lifted her arm, as if to place it around that frail form, then dashed it down, tear ing. her dress from that feeble grasp, and walked steadily out of the court. CHAPTER XXXY. — THE YERDICT. There has been a severe change in the weather since morning. The pure frosty air that invigorated everything it touched, hardening, towards night, into one of those cold storms — half snow, half ice — that chill you to the vitals. A coating of this sleety snow lay upon the Park, icing the trees with crystal, and bending every twig as with fruitage of pearls. The stone pavement and the City Hall steps were carpeted an inch deep by the storm ; the hail crackled snarpiy unaer loot it one attempted to pass over them. In short, it was one of those nights when everything living -seeks a shelter, and no human being is seen abroad, save those given up to wild desolation either of body or mind. Miserable and stormy as the night was, two persons had been wandering in it for hours, sometimes lost in the blackness of the storm, sometimes gliding by lamps that seemed struggling to keep themselves alive — and again stealing up the curving stair case within the City Hall, ghost -like and shadowy, only to come forth in the tempest and wander as before. In the darkness it would have been diffi cult to judge the sex or condition of those persons. Both were muffled in garments black as the clouds that hung over them. Both were tall, and someitimes, as they walked, the outlines of their jfeysons blended together till they seemed scarcely more than a mass of moving darkness. vIt was re markable that, standing or walking, they never lost sight of a range of windows- in the City Hall, where lamps shone gloomly into the mist, not wandering about as lamps of a happy household often do, but motionless, like watchfires, half smothed by the dense atmosphere. Once more these two persons ascended the steps and entered the vestibule, from which the horse- shoe staircase diverges. A shower of sleet followed them, and the wind swept wailing over their heads as they went in. A lamp burned near the staircase, and for a moment the faces of those two wanderers became visible. The one that struck you first was that of a female. Tresses, that had of late' been curled, hung in drippling masses each side of her face, that was only as white, but seemed cold also, as marble. A pair of wild eyes really blue, but blackened with the smothered fire that protracted suspense leaves behind it, gleamed out from the shadow of her bonnet, around which the folds of a heavy lace veil dripped in soddened masses to her shoulders. The velvet cloak which shrouded her was heavy with rain ; its lustre all gone ; and its rich fringes, frozen to gether with sleet, rattled against the oaiustraaes, as sne pressed tnem in passing. Her companion, but even as we attempt to describe him, the woman turns, with her hand upon the bulstrade, and addresses him, thus his identity better than any. description could convey. V^, ' What was that, Jacob ? A noise — the ii^jjring of feet ! Oh, my God — my God — ' tji'ay are coming id !' - tShg^ caught hold of . Jacob's rough over-. ' with ouo hanrt. The ^Leuin ot Juoi , teeth, aes they knocked together, made the strong man recoil. It gave an expression ofj fearful agony to her face. He listened. ' No, it is the wind breaking through 'the hall.' ' How it sobs ! How like a human voice it is ? Do you hear it ? Death! — death !— - that is what it says !' ' % ' You shudder— you aro cold. How your teeth chatter ! said Jacob, folding his half frozen cloak about her. ' What then can I do? If you would only go home, I, will come the first minute after the verdict. *Do -do go!' 'Hush!— it is there again. Are the winds human that they mourn so ?' ' It is a fierce storm— nothing more,' sai l Jacob. A woman came down the steps that moment. She had no cloak on ; a thin shawl hung in limp folds over her shoulders. An old black hood lay back from her face, revealing features large and stern, but, for the instant, softened with sorrow. She came from the vestibule overhead. In that direction lay the court- room. Ada saw the woman, and, holding out both her hands, shivering and purple with cold, advanced to j meet her. These two females had seen ' each other but once in the world. One was from a prison, the other from a palatial home ; yet they stood face to face, on equal terms, now. I am wrong — the woman of the prison looked down with something of 3teru rebuke upon the lady. She said in her heart, 'The blood of this old man be upon her head ! Did she not deny me the gold which might save him ?' But, when she lo iked upon that face, her resentment gave way. She paused on the steps, in stead of pushing roughly by, and said, in a tone that sounded peculiarly gentle from its contrast with her appearance and bear ing- ' This is a bitter night, madam.' 'Tell me — tell me,' gasped Ada, seizing the woman's shawl, and raising her hand toward the court room, 'have they — have they ? ' 'Poor thing! so you repent at last,' answered the woman, comprehending her gesture with that quick magnetism which is the lightning of some hearts. 'No, they have not come in ; but it is of now use wait ing — the poor old man is as good as hung, depend on it.' Ada uttered a faint cry — very faint — but it seemed to her that it sounded through the whole building, ringing above the storm, like a yell. She dropped the woman's sbawl, and stood motionless, looking help lessly in her face. ' You had better take the lady home,' said the woman, turning kindly to Jacob ; ' she is wet through — the ice rattles on her clothes ; she will catch her death of cold. I would stay and help her, for she seems in trouble ; but there is worse trouble coming for the poor creatures overhead. I thought I had seen hard sights before ; but this — there is no brandy strong enough to make me forget this.' 'There is no news — the jury are still out ?' questioned Jacob. ' Tell me !' ' No, no— I have nothing to say — the jury are out yet — the judge waiting — the old man ? ' 'Hush!' said Jacob, ' she is listening.' ' Stay — tell me all — the old man — tell me all !' cried Ada, hurrying down two or three steps after the woman. ' I cannot wait, lady ; the jury may come in any moment. Those poor watchers will want a carriage. I must find one some where. Nobody thought of that but me. They might not feel the storm, for the ver dict will numb them ; but it is a piercing night.' ' You have no cloak, scarcely more than summer clothes. I will go,' saidJaoob. ' I am used to battling with the weather,' was the answer. ' Thank you, though!' ' Stay with her,' answered Jacob, and he hurried down the steps. ' How the wind blows — it is a terrible night,' said the woman, drawing her scant shawl together, and sitting down by Ada, who had sunk upon the cold steps, as if all the strength had withered from her limbs, the moment Jacob left her. 'You tremble, and your teeth chatter— these poor hands are like— ice; there, there, let me rub them between mine.' Ada submitted her shivering hands meekly as a child, and a drop, that was not rain, stole down her face. ' You told me once,' said she, ' that money would save him ; will thousands — hundreds of pounds — do it now ?' ' It is too late,' answered the woman in a sad tone. The tempest rose just then, and to Ada's TTincf fronwiflil minrl if coom^rl a a if ottoutt ! swell of the wind answered back ' Too late, . too late!' She shuddered, and cowered down by the woman as if a death sentence were wringing over her. When Jacob returned he found the two women sitting together upon the steps. Ada rose-to her feet, and, without sperking, began rapidly to mount the steps. J acob followed. ' Where are you going? Not there, I hope — not there !' ' Yes. there !' | She rushed forward, her frozen garments crackling and shedding ice-drops as she ; moved. All the high-bred dignity of her mein was gone ; all the richness of her toilet drenched away. The anxious woman who followed her scarcely looked more poverty striken — did not look so utterly desolate. She opened the court-house door and crept in. All the audience was gone. Empty benches flung their long gloomy shadows athwart the room. Dim lamps flared across the wall, leaving patches of blackness in the angles and around every object that could catch and break the weak gleams of light. The judge was upon his seat, pale, and still as a statue of marble. Weary with excite ment and the protracted trial, he sat there in the gloomy midnight waiting for the death word, face to face with old man, whose life lay in the breath of his lip. Constantly his eyes turned upon the pri soner, and always they were met with a glance that penetrated his heart to the core. A light overhead fell upon the old man's temple, silvering the broad, high forehead, gleaming through the while locks, and glancing downward, shedding faint rays upon his beard and bosom. I have seen a picture of Rembrandt's so like my idea of the old man that it has haunted me ever since. The calm, deep-set eyes, the holy strength slumbering within them — the ex panse of the forehead, the whole head, were so perfectly the embodiment of my thought that it startled me. That which I saw in' tne picture, it was wnicn penetrated to the heart of the judge, as he gazed upon the living man. A group of police-officers hung about the door ; some asleep, with their caps down over their eyes, others yawning and stretched at full length upon the benches, making the scene more gloomy by the con trast of their indifference with the anguish that surrounded them. Away in the darkest corner stood another group of persons—three females and a man. No word, no whisper, passed among them. It scarcely seemed as if they drew breath, but as you looked that way the glitter of wild eyes struck you with a sort of terror, as if tbe least sound arose, the shadows around those women changed sharply as if they felt something of the anguish which made their principles start. Ada Leicester crept noiselessly along the darkened wall, followed by the prison woma,n, and sat down a ^ittle way from the rest, i No one seemed to 'regard her ; and thereby he remained in the gloom, motionlff i . figures upon ilw-»- .lull «iytiia now and then turned. Thus an ky ? a]l within th£ court- room waa^^^yke death ; without was the storm, wj^^^^nd sobbing around the windows, shaking them angrily, like evil spirits striving to beat in, then rushing off with a hoars-? disappointed howl. This terrible contrast — the stillness within — the wild tumult without — made even the officers cower closer together and filled the other persons present with intense awe. It seemed as if heaven /and earth had combined in hurling denunciations against the hapless old man. It was after midnight and for an instant theite was a hush in the storm — a hush in the* vast building. Then came the sharp closing of a door, the tramp of heavy feet, and .twelve figures glided, one after another, into the court room. They ranged themselves in a dark line along the jury box and stood motionless, their cloaks huddled around them like folds of a thunder-cloud, their faces white as marble. The judge arose, leaning heavily with one hand upon the desk. His lips moved, but it was not till a second effort that they gave forth a sound ; but when it did come, his voice broke through the room like a trumpet. 'Prisoner, stand up and look upon the | jUI7 !' I The old man arose and, turning meekly i around, lifted his eyes to the twelve jurours. ' Guilty and not guilty ?' ' ' Guilty !' j The storm began to howl again, but all I was still in the court-room. CHAPTER XXXVI. — THE PARENTS, THE . CHILD, AND GRANDCHILD. The next morning a carriage, one of the few superb equipages that give an air of elegance to Broadway, equal to that of any public drive I have seen, stopped at the corner of Franklin-street. The grey horses and deep green of the carriage wetfe well known in that thoroughfare ; and it had been too often seen before Stewart's, and Ball and Black's for anyone to remark the time during which it remained in that un usual place. Had any one seen Ada Leicester, as she descend from the carriage, and walked hurriedly toward the city prison, it might have been a matter of wonder how a crea fnra qa alooonf on/1 Unr) vutv UV VAVgMUU UUU A C40 iiuiu tio uttU 1U1UCU herself to enter a neighbourhood which few women visit, except from force or objects of philanthropy. Jacob Strong walked by the side of his Mistress. Few words passed between them, for both seemed painfully pre-occupied. Jacob betrayed this state of mind by a more decided stoop of the shoulders, and by knocking his feet against eveiy loose brick in the sidewalk as he stumbled along. The lady moved on as one walks in a dream, her ej'es bent upon the pavement, her ungloved hand grasping the purple velvet of her cloak and holding it against her bosom. The people who passed her thought it a pretty piece of coquetry, by which she might reveal the jewels that flashed upon the snow of that beautiful hand. Alas, how little can we judge of one another ! The delicate primrose gloves had dropped from her grasp, unheeded, and lay trampled in the mud close by her own door. The maid had placed them in her palsied hand as she had performed all other duties of the toilet that morning, but the wretched woman was quite unconscious of it all. They entered the prison. A few words passed between Jacob and the warden in an outer office ; then a door was flung open and they entered an open court within the walls; stone buildings ranged all around, casting gaunt shadows athwart them. They crossed the court, passed through a low door, and entered the hall where male prisoners are kept. Ada- was scarcely con scious that a score of eyes were bent on her from the galleries overhead, along which prisoners charged with lighter offeces were allowed to range. At that moment a regi ment of soldiers might have stood in her way and she would have passed through their midst unconscious of the obstruction. I She mounted on the third gallery, following after Jacob, until he paused at one of the heavy iron doors which pierced the whole wall at- equal distances from pavement to ceiling. An officer who had preceded them turned the key in the lock and flung the door open with a clang that made Ada start as if some one had struck her. ' Shall I go in with you P' said Jacob. She did not answer, save by a short breath, that seemed to tear her own bosom without yielding a sound, and entered the cell. Jacob leaned forward, and, closing the door after her, began to walk up and down the gallery, but never passing more than six or eight paces from the cell. A /3o £ ? - ? ZJ.V. T ? a-ioiuoouoi oiuuu ittutj tu iciuo Willi ner father. He had been reading, and had laid the old Bible on the bed by his side, as the noise of her approach disturbed him. His steel- mounted spectacles were still before his eyes, dimmed, it may be, by traces of tears 6hed unconsciously, for he could not distinguish clearly through them ; and with a motion so familiar that it made her tremble, be folded them up' and placed them within the pages of the book. She paused motionless after taking one step into the room, and, but for the shiver of her silk dress which the trembling of her limbs disturbed, as the leaves are shaken in autumn, she might have been a draped statue, her face and hands were so marble like. The old man looked at her, and she at him. He did not attempt to speak, and a single word died on her lips again and again, without giving forth a sound. At length, that word broke forth and rushed like an arrow frofii her heart to his — 'Father!' It was the first word that her infant lips had ever uttered. The old man was blinded by it. He saw nothing of the stately pale woman, the gleaming eyes, the rich drapery, but a little girl twelve months old seemed to have crept to his knees. He saw the ringlet of soft golden hair, the large blue eyes, the little dimpled shoulder, peeping out from under its calico dress ; he reached forth his hands to press them down upon these pretty shoulders, for the vision was palpable as life. They descended upon the bowed head of the woman, for she had fallen crouching to his feet. He drew those hands back with a moan. The innocent child had vanished; the prostrate woman was there. 'Father!' He held his hands one instant, quivering like withered leaves over her head and then dropped them gently down upon her shoulders. 'My daughter !' ' Then came a rush of tears, a wild cling ing of arms, a shaking of silken garments, and deep sobs, that seemed like the parting nf arml flnrl nndxr AAa nlnnr» wwuj. ixua 1/XU.Ug tu iiOl iaiutJl . She laid her cold face upon his knees and drew herself up to his bosom. ' Forgive me ! forgive me !— oh, my father, forgive me !' The old man lifted her gently in his arms and seated her upon the bed. He took off her bonnet and smoothed the rich hair it had concealed between his hands. ' And so you have come home again, my child ?' ' Home !' ' She looked around the cell and then into the eyes of her father. 'I have given you this home — I, who have sought for you — prayed — prayed, father, not as you pray, but madly, wildly prayed for one look, one word — pardon pardon I I have got it— I see it— you pardon me with your-eyes, ,my father ; but oh, how wretched I am — I, who gave you a home like this.!^. 'No, not you, blit '^or:'' answered the old man. ' X knew from the first, that ; our Father, who ieiiin heaven, had not afflicted His servant for nothing. All will be well at last, Ada.' 'But you will die! Even to-day will they sentence you !' ' I know it, and am ready ; for now I begin to see how wisely God has willed that the last remnant of an old man's life shall be the restoration of his child.' ' But you are innocent, and they will kill you !' Ihey cannot kill more than this old body, my child. Even now it feels the breath of eternity. What though the withered leaf is shaken a moment earlier from its bough !' Ada held her breath and gazed upon her father, filled with strange awe. The quiet tone, the gentle resignation in his words, tranquillized her like music. She could not realize that he was to die. Her soul was flooded with love ; her eyes answered back the holy affection that beamed in his. For that moment she was happy. Her child hood came softly back. She forgot her own sin alike with her father's danger. 'Now,' said the old man, 'tell me all that I do not know. By what means has God sent you here ?' At these words, Ada half arose; all the joy went out from her face; her eyes dropped ; the lines about her mouth hardeued again ; she attempted to look up, failed, and with both hands, shrouded her guilty fea tures. ' How much to you know ?' she inquired, m a hoarse voice. ' 1 know,' said the old man, 'that you left an unworthy husband and a happy child, to follow a stranger to a strange land.' 'But you did not know,' said Ada, still veiling her face, 'you did not know how cruelly, how dreadfully, I was treated ; how I was left, days and weeks together, in hotels and boarding-housee, without money, without friends, exposed to all sorts of ffim nfflfinnfl. Ynn nflnnnf lrnnm oil 4-V.yv UUv W cm tuo Ull— cumstances that combined to drive me mad. Still, do not say that I abandoned the child. Did not I send her to you ? Did I not give her up when she was dear as the pulses of my own heart, rather than cast the stain of my example upon her? Oh, father, was this nothing ?'; 'We took the child and strove to forget the mother,' 6aid the old man, sadly. ° ' But could not — oh, you could not ! This thought was the one anchor which kept me from utter shipwreck ; you could not curse an only child — wicked, erring, cruel, though she was.' ' No, we did not curse her — we had no power to lorget. ' I came back — Jacob Strong will bear me witness — I lost no time in searching for you at the household. Strangers were there. Had we met then — had I found the old place as it was — you, my mother, my daughter there— how different all this might have been.' ' God disposes all things,' muttered the prisoner. ' We left our home when disgrace fell upon us. We, who had been sinfully proud of you, Ada, went forth burdened by your Bhame to hide ourselves among strangers ; we could not look our old neigh bours in the face, and so we left them, and gave up the name that our child had dis graced.' ' Father— father— spare me — I am so wretched — I am punished — spare me, spare me.' ' Ada,' said the old man, solemnly, 'do you now heartily repent, and forsake your sin ?' ' I do repent — I have forsaken— he is dead for whom I left you ; it was a solitary fault, bitterly, oh bitterly atoned for.' The old man looked at her earnestly — at the glowing purple of her garments— at the delicate veil she had gathered on to her face with one hand. The other had fallen nerve lessly down. The old man took- it from her lap, and gazed sadly upon the jewels that sparkled on hor fingers. She felt the touch, and the trembling hand became crimson in his clasp. ' And yet you wear these things !' She shiunk siwa}* ; and the glow of her shame spread and burued over every visible part of her person ' Cast them from you, daughter, come to me in the pretty ca li o dress that became you so well — give up these wages of shame, become poor, honest, and humble, as we are — then will your mother receive you ; then your child may know that she has a mother living ; then your old-father can die in peace — knowing that his life has not been sacri ficed in vain.' The old man looked wistfully at her as he spoke. He saw the struggle in her face — the reluctance with which she understood him, and he tightened his grasp* upon her hand. 'What — what would you have me do?' she said. ' L-ast aside all that you possess, save that which comes of honest labour, and earn the forgiveness you ask.' '? Father, I cannot do this. The wealth that I possess is vast ; it was devised to me by will, on his death-bed ; it was an atone ment upon his part.' ' The wages of sin are death.' 'Death, father, death! Surely you are right. Leicester is dead ; they will murder you. Nothing but this money — this very woalth that I am ordered to cast aside — can save you.' 'And that shall never save me!' an swered the old man, with grave dignity ; ' the price of my daughter's sin, though it be millions, shall never buy an hour of life for me, were it possible thus to bribe the law.' 'Oh, father, father, do not say this; it crushes my last hope.' ' Daughter !' and the old man stood up, while his face glowed as with the light of prophecy, 'it is not this ill-gotten wealth that shall purchase my life ; but it is the death I shall suffer which will secure the salvation of my child. The way of Provi dence is made clear to me now ; I see it as clearly as if written upon the wall that has j 6eemed so blank to my eyes till now.' The hand fell from her face. She gazed upon him with awe ; for the solemn faith that beamed in his eyes held her breathless. That moment the cell-door was opened, and Mrs. Warren came in, followed by her grand-daughter. The old woman paused, motionless, upon the threshold, hesitating and pallid. Ada stood up, trembling and afraid, in the presence of her mother. A moment, the two stood, face to face, gazing at each other ; then the old woman stretched forth her arms, and tears rolled down her cheeks. Ada would have thrown herself forward, but the old prisoner interposed. | ' No, wife; not yet ; the time is at hand j when the child shall come back to your bosom, like the lamb that was lost ; but urod has a work to accomplish hrst ; have patience, and let her depart.' ' Patience, patience ! Oh, Wilcox, she is our child ! Ada, Ada !' He was not strong enough to keep them apart. Their arms were interwoven; they clung together, filling the cell with soft murmurs and smothered sobs. Broken syllables of endearment — all the pathetic language with which heart speaks to heart in defiance of words, gave power to the scene. Remember, reader, it was a mother meeting her only child — her sinful, erring child — for the first time for years. It is a mercy that intense feeling has its limits, else a scene like this might have broken the two hearts that rushed together as torrents meet in a storm. Their arms unlocked, at length ; and thl^two women only held by each other from weakness. ' And this is my child, my little Julia,' auiil Ada:^ turning Lor'eyos tho young gill, who stood by, troubled and amazed by all she saw. ^ She bent forward, and would'' have kissed the girl, but the old man interposed again, solemnly, almost sternly. j 'Not yet— the lip must be purified, the kifs made holy, which touches the forehead of this innocent one.' ' I will go, father, I will go — this is bitter, but perhaps just. I will go, while I have the strength.' Ada left the cell. We will not follow her to the scene ot her solitary and splendid anguish. We will not remain in the pri soner's cell. The scene passing there was too holy and too pathetic for description; yet was there more happiness that day in the prison than Ada Leicester found in her palace-home. Truly it is much better to suffer wrong, than to do wrong ! CHAPTER XXXVII. — THE DAWNING OF LIGHT. The sentence was pronounced ; the time of execution fixed. Each morning, as the pri soner awoke, he said to^himself. ' Another is gone ; so many, and so many days are left.' I dare not say that this man did not occasionally shrink from the agony that awaited him ; or that the clouds of doubt did not grow black above his head, more than once : but at all times his mien w -s tranquil, his words full of resignation. Some hope, some sublime faith, stronger than death, seemed to bear him up. His daughter came to him more than once, and always left the cell with a changed manner and subdued aspect. While there was a hope of saving the pri soner, she had been excited and almost wild in her demeanour. She appealed to the governor in person. She lavished gold. On every hand the groat power of her per sonal influence was tested to the utmost ; but in most of the cases in which the fangs of the law fasten there is scarcely any earthly power ean unloose them. (To be continued. J 