i presbyterian general assembly. - The 19tb annual session of tbe General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of) New Sooth Wales, was opened yesterday evening, in St, Stephen's Cburcb, Phinip-BtreetT "' Proceedings were com menced by tbe Rev, Thorn ag A.. Gordon, retiring Moderator. Dreachine an official sermon. A large congregation listened attentively to the discourse, wbich was based on the third chapter of Revela- ticqs, 11th verse : ''Hold that fast .which thou bast/'. ' At1 the conclusion "(of - his' .sermon, . Mr Gordon descended lo a platform in front of tbe pulpit, and took his place in : the Moderator's chair, the Hev. James -S. Laing, clerk of tbe assembly, sitting near. .. The - Moderator then opened tbe assembly by prayer, daring which the assembly and congregation stood. Ihe Clerk laid on tbe table the minntes of last ' meeting as engrossed on the permanent records, which the Moderator was empowered to Bjgn. The report on ministerial changes which have taken place since last assembly was read, showing those who had died snd those who had been demitted, translated, admitted, indncted, ordained, arid licensed, and those who were absent on leave, Afterreading the elder's commissions, which were sustained in all cases bnt one, that one being. post poned,; tbe. roll of ministers and elders from the varions preabyterieB was called. > , The Bev. John Auld then read the return'of voting by the presbyterieB for the position of Moderator. There were two candidates for the office, the Rev. JameB S. Laing and Dr. Moore White, Twelve votes were received for Mr Laing and three for Dr. White. The retiring-Moderator said it became his duty and pleasure to announce tbe Bev, W. Laing as Moderator of the Assembly for tbe ensuing year. The announcement was re ceived with applause. Mr Gordon said further that before leaving the chair it would be necessary to appoint some one to fill the clerk's place during the absence from that position of Mr. Laing. The Bev. J. Cameron, M.A. moved, and the Bev. Dr, Grant seconded the appointment of the Bev, John Auld, of Ashfield, as clerk of the Assembly, Before submitting the motion, the Bev, Wm. Gardner called attention to a paragraph : in the "Herald " with reference to Mr Auld's pro bable appointment as clerk, the publicity of which he thought to be very much out of place. After a little discussion it was decided that the Assembly could take no notice' of the matter, which was then allowed to drop. Mr Auld having been duly elected, the new Moderator took the chair, the Assembly and congregation rising. The clerk, having taken tbe oath of fidelity, was also formally installed. Mr Laing then rose and addressed the Assembly,' Tbe following is an abstract of bis epeech : — Hib first duty was to acknowledge the confidence reposed in him by being called to the moderator's chair — a position no less difficult than honourable, and which, in dependence on Divine aid and their friendly co-operation, he hoped to fill in an effective manner. After three and twenty years of uninterrupted labour in the colony, Mr Laing thought he might be excused for looking back upon the past and revert ing to the. circumstances of earlier days. At that period the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales was, unhappily, characterised by great division, much weakness, and considerable inertia, and though there was the wide field of the whole territory to operate npon, there were few openings, and little encouragement for new arrivals. In the course of Providence, certain political changes . favoured a movement for uniting the several frag ments of Presbyterianism in, the colony, and at length there was consummated that union upon- which he, and others who took part in it, fondly looked back as the beginning of days. Activity and vigour had been contemporaneous with their aband onment of sectional Presbyterianism, and now they should be unworthy of their name were they not to recognise the good hand of God npon them, and rejoice in a spirit of gratitnde for what' had been wrongbt for and by them. A few statistics, indicative of the progress made since the union wpuld not, he hoped, be uninterest ing. In' 1865 — the year of the union — the church consisted of 45 charges, now there were 88. exe'usive oi church extension- charges. The number of minis- ; ters in active work waB then 44, -of whom 21 sur vived ; at present they had 83 ministers and 12 ' vacant charges. In 1865 there wete 11 charges- in the presbytery of Sydney (city arid subarb3, only , included). Now there were 18, with' the prospect of many more. Much of this increase had taken place : within the last decade, and not a little within the last few years. As elements of progress they should not forget tbe much more efficient and methodical ' manner in which the business of the church was ,' carried out under the new constitution of the stand ing committees, in which tbe adequate representation ' of Presbyterians waa a special feature, added to tbo large and, in some cases, munificient response of the people to the increased claims made on their liberality. It had been their happiness of late frequently to receive brethren who came, as they had come, from fatherland. They did more than receive them ; tbey welcomed them, and cordially extended their sympathy to those young men who, coming direct from the amenities and comforts of home life, were sent ont on what they must regard as a missionary campaign to -the distant parts of the bush to. help to make the- wilderness rejoice and blossom as the rose. At the same time he was aware that there were many im- f ortant qualities of character required for success ruder the ministerial conditions of this colony, arid if he might be allowed the privilege oi au old man, thongh he did not claim it, he would ask the younger brethren new to the conntry and to the work not to he hasty in coming to conclusions as to the land and to the people— not summarily to dismiss as unwise or impolitic what was not exactly of the colour and cut of home life, but as far as practicable to adapt them- - selves to their new circumstances. Since last as sembly no loss than 16 thoroughly trained and ac credited ministers besides other valuable labourers from the churches of the United Kingdom and Ireland had been added to their ranks. This im portant accession to their ministerial strength was quite unprecedented, he thought, in the history and experience of any church In this hemisphere. Whilst they welcomed new faces it would be unkind and ungrateful to forget old friends and fcllow-labonrers, especially those who had recently been callsd away. During the year they had lost by death two brethren whose memories deserved to live, both of whom laboured long and faithfully in the master's work. He referred to the Revs. Alexander M'Ewen and James B. Langtop. Among the important matters that wonld be sub mitted to them was that of the proposed Federati on of the Presbyterian Churches of Australia. It was not for him from that place to say more than that its importance for the fntnre of the church iu the land deserved to be fully recognised and appreciated, and called npon them to consider it as a question quite out oi the reach of intercolonial jealousies add rivalries, if; such existed, Leaving that matter iD their hands, he wished to offer a few observations on the relation of the church to some phases of modern thought', and to the great practical questions' that- met them in the moral and spiritual condition of the community in which they dwelt. .They could afford, he thought, not to be in dignant at the frequent accusation of being behind the age and bound in the fetters of an effete orthodoxy, and tied np by creeds and confessions. -He was sure that as ministers of Christ and as edu cated men, they were not indifferent to the great questions of the day, bearing npon the relations, of science and religion, and that of the Christian religion to the culture of tbe age. They were not insensible to the spirit of the times ; they could not be so, but fully recognised the necessity of adapting their mode of presenting divine truth so as to gain the ear of men of their own day. Patting aside the consideration of positive antagonistic thought, such as agnoeticism and the gross scepticism which found expression in this city, they had presented to them by- one who bore an honoured name, an aoparently new and more insidnous form of adaptation of the old faith, whioh, more than anything he had recently met, Beemed to be an illnstration of the apostolic paradox, "Another gospel which is not another/' This new- departure was based npon the position that the miraculous in the Gospel must be given np, and they must rely on what was called the " natural truth " of Christianity, for they were confidently assured "miracles did nothnppeD," and it waa even allowed that the characters of certainty and grandeur did belong-to the natnral truth of the Christian reli gion. Thus this view was not presented as design edly antagonistic to the Christian religion and to the chnrch ; it waB professedly intended to make both more popular and effective. It was a new gospel in which the ethics of Christianity or its natural truth was retained, but its dogma — its doctrines— and even; its supernatural facts were discarded'. These were what were disliked. The doctrine of the Incarnation of the Son of God, his resurrection, and necessarily that of a supernatural work of grace upon the heart, had he got rid of, or quickly put iu the background. This had, at - least, the merit of being an Intelligible proposal, but what did it mean ? What did the onltnre of the age ask of them ? They answered, what culture bad often asked before — an : entire revolution .in their beliefs, a complete abandon ment of all that is divine in religion— the recognition of Christ as an ideal life rather than as the risen, living and glorified Lord, the power of whose grace was seen in giving from his high throne, repentance and forgiveness ol sins,- and the -power of who3o ' presence was felt in the renewing of tbe Holy Ghost. If this were seriously proposed to the church then, for bis part, in spite of the risk of being charged with want. of " lucidity," ho mnat cleave to the old paths. After farther remarks on the Bame subject Mr Laing eaid that they bad to remember that trie great end of the existence of the church on earth waa a practicaUone— -theJ-m.Oal.,and spirireal elevatioa of mankind: — From t»me-to-time; tbey- were startle3-tiy hideous" exposures of vice and crime, which' disclosed a frightful- condition of degenexatibn-aniUmmoralitv ia certain classes of the population . He wonld not say that the church of Christ wus blameless in this matter, hrit he did not believe that it deserved the re proach which was sometimes heaped npon it, as if wholly neglectful ; of those outside its pale. The question how certain classes, outside the church might be bronght under moral and spiritual infidenc<- was one that taxed the wisdom of the wisest and most philanthropbic of all creeds, and he thonght fiat however well meant, the method of dealing: with it. which'had made so much noise of late, scarcely pre sented a satisfactory solntion of the difficnlty..: Jt wonld be presumption for him to attempt to, offer sncb eolation, bnt he wonld make a few saggestwiU. They were that the churches' made more strenuous effortB to. lay hold of the yoong by '(mission/ as well as by the ordinary-Aahhath schools, and by attempting mncb- more in connection .with the day schools than at present was the case. It waa no less important that congregations in . populous centres should realise it to be their duty to engage a direct mission or evangelistic work among the vicious and lapsed, and thns directly attempt to grapple with the appalling evils which afflict the humbler ranks of the'popuiation. " Finally, he hoped the present assembly wonld be one of work- and of peace". As Presbyterians they held dear the freedom of discussion, and recognised the- necessity for it in all. such assemblies as the present one, bnt he prayed that the presence of the Benign Spirit of love and peace might rest npon them eo that their deliberations, free from bitterness . and strife, might greatly conduce to the advanc;- ment of the work of God in the land that God, even their own God, would bless them, and that they micht help on in,sqme_measnre the blessed con-in- mation, when all' the ends of the earth shall fear Him.- - Certain formal reports having been read, the . Rev, IVm. Gardiner introduced several geatl-msn to the Moderator, who obtained the perroisfion of the Assembly to their takiDg seats as members, Their names are as follows : — The Bev. John Gird- ner, Moderator to the General Assembly of Vic- toria ; tbe Bev. Dr Nish, also a delegate from Vic- toria ; the Rev. Wm. Bell, mintster at Port Glasgow, a commissioner from the Free Church of Scotland ; Bev. James White, of Carricktergns. from the Irish Presbyterian Church ; Eev. W AnEon Smith, from Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, from the Presbyterian Church of Queensland. The benediction having been pronounced, tho Assembly adjourned until 10 a.m. to-day. 