GEOFFRY STIRLING. BY MRS. LEITH ADAMS. [Concluded.) " What did it look like, when it come close ?" put in the constable, whom the gene rosity of a new-fangled Town Corporation re- tained in his old office; " wasjt folded in a sheet length-wise? That's the fashion of them, one and alL" "No, it weren't," said Jeremy, aggrieved that his ghost did not answer to the approved pattern. " Why, lad," chimed in the farmer, in high glee," " this sperrit o' thine ain't nothing no Setter than Softie's here—time he coome in wi' a face like milk and's eyes startin' fra 'a yed, and told as how he'd seen a boggart wi' three legs, and how it made np to him, belchin' oat hot burnin' brimstone i' 'a face. Don't be shame-faced over the thin;, Softie," •went on the jollyold fellow; "what if thy : bog ana blowin' hard through "wickest of as is took in at times, and a black leg won't show on a shadowy night tho' white ones may. Jeremy treated this narrative with contempt, rolling a bit of broken pipe-stem about with his foot, and staring hard at the fire. " If thy ghost weren't wrapped i' a windin* sheet, what were it clothed upon wi', Maister Bind whistle ?' said Matthew Hawthorne, when the laugh against Softie had subsided. "Wi' a wagoner's frock down to heels. It had a red beard, an't' yore on its yed come down to its eyes. Its hands wur hanging down at its soides, and the fingers wa workin' same as Billy Hurdle's when he's i' the fits.' Tt made as tho'it war bearin'a heavy burden — stoopin' and creepin' • like, and ~ groanin' as it went." "But how did yo' know it for a sperrit?" put in the constable; accustomed to question . prisoners, be went to the root of the matter at once. " Because it had the face of a dead mon," said Jeremy; "because its eyes were tne eyes of a dead mon—same as Gabriel Devenant'fl, time as his missis pult him out •o' f big dyke." At this, even the farmer began to think the night was more chilly than he had imagined; while, as for Soitie, he was busy meditating what possible bribe he could offer •the constable to induce him to see him as far as his own door. " It must have come very nigh foryo' to see it so plain," said the farmer. "Yo' may say that," answered Jeremy with a long sighing breath; "it looked clean through me and out at the other side o' me. I tell yo' I felt like a paneo' " Were yo' feert, lad »" said the £ "Not I!" said Jeremy stoutly; -'!. farmer. "it us . would ill become one as is set on high But the farmer did not let him finish his ' jBcntence* 4 1 What didst thee do, lad ?" "Oh, I vas nearer t' big house than my own, so I hastened my footsteps 1 '— " Yo' took to your heels like a man!" shouted the fanner; " same as t' rest on us would ha' done—that's about it, lad 1" *' Well, I thought Fd make sure as no one at the Due had seen the sight asJSeaven had predestinated to me. 'For,' says I to myself, ' if Mrs. Geoffrey, and she so weak and frail, and ailing more than mostly this while past, were to hear of such-like company creejgmg among the trees, she'd be skeered to "But they'd all be a-bed at the Dale at that hour o' the night," said the farmer, with a shrewd glance. "Ay, so they wur; but I couldna' tell if that might be so" "Didst .come back f same way?' put in Jake. "No," said Jeremy, "I'd told one of the lads to wrap a bit of matting about some o' the young plants, so I went t' other way home—to see if he d done it." " Well, it's a ram hearin' this, and no mistake, said Matthew; "an' I hope no word of it may get to Mrs. Geoffrey, since ghostly fear is bad for the sick, and apt to be agueish." "Well, said Jeremy, turning upon him almost fiercely, "I've kep* it all to mysel' this week past, though if s gone as bad wi' me as heavy victuals, and eiv' me the shivers 7 my inBoide past all belief; so dunna be thrappin' at me like as if I was a sieve, and «0uldn't hold nothin'." " We'd best all keep it to oursel's," said the fanner, tolerant of Jeremy's pettishness, as one who felt that a man privileged to Bee ghosts must be tenderly handled; for, as Maister Bindwhistle says, it might fright Mrs. Geoffrey, and she's bad enoo' wi'out that. " It seemB to me," stud Jake, reflectively rubbing his chin, " that the young heir is too much away. It's here to-day, and gone tomorrow, wi' Maister Ralph: and half the -sunshine seems to go out a the old marketplace when he never comes ridtn' through on his black pony, an' cryin' out, 'Jake, Jake, I say 1 how s trade this mornin' ?' "It's ill work for the likes of us to set oursel's up to judge our betters," said Matthew, and far be 'such from me; but I've often-times said to mysel', if I'd a lad o' my own like Maister Ralph, I'd never breath free-like when he was out o' my sight." " Taint want o' love, God A'mighty knows, as drives the squire to send Maister Ralph continual to foreign lands. Why, I've seen a light shine out o' his eyes when he's lookin' at that boy, as 'ud go far to bring the tears to one's own," said Jeremy, speaking as one with authority. "And yet he conna' rest to let t* lad bide home; if s edication as he's drivin' at—that's what f squire's oop to. Wby, I've heard tell as Maister Ralph can speak in as many tongues as there's fingers on a man's hand, that have I!" At this there was a general exclamation of amazement. Diversity of tongues was not as common a gift in those dayB as now, and to the rustic mind such knowledge savoured of fear. " Yo' say well, Jake," continued Jeremy, pleased with the impression he had made, that Maister Ralph is like sunshine i'the place. When he comes oop to me ; wi' his laughin' eyes an' his merry smile, and 'Jeremy,' says he, 'give me a bonnie one to eet i' my boozum.' I'm ready to cut the choicest flower o' the lot. Ay, if I'd none but it, and was never to have another!" " Wheerever's the lad got to now?" said the former, taking an immense pull at his pipe, •and exhaling a corresponding cloud through bis nose. "Lord knows!" said Jeremy, " it's at th' other side the world, I verily do believe ; so far away you can't make out the name on't. And I wish he was home, for there's times when I don't like the looks on t' squire." "Nor me neither," said Farmer Dale, shaking his head. "He's nobbut a man i' the prime o' life—something about fifty-five, or thereabouts, I reckon, and he looks more like seventy. He seemed to grow old-like all at onct, ana he's got a restless way wi' him— a troubled-like way. Then see how he's lost flesh! why, you could count the bones i' his bands, and when he grips yo', it's a kindly enoo grip (what else should it be, being his'n 1j but cold to the feel, same as one as is gradely rack. CI dunnot like f looks on't flouire no better than yo 1 do, Maister Bindwhistle, and yet he's bin as lucky a man— luckier than ony that stands i' Becklington this day ! Who'd have thought ten years ago as Maister Geoffrey would be squire o' Dale End?" "Or f ould squire and his son both dead and buried, and Miss Alicia married to our vicar?" continued Matthew. " Yet I mind," said Jake, putting his head on one Iside| $nd looking unspeakably wise, "that the night afore it were known as them two were to be wed, Fd a candle w£ two wickB, that had L and {the voice within me seemed to say; ' Jake, my brave chap, yo'll hear a tale o wedded love come mornin"— which I did," added Jake with the air of a prophet whose predictions had been fulfilled. " Ay, yo' may call it wedded love, too." said the farmer, " there's some as weds and don't love, and some—more's the pity—as loves and don't wed, but them two is set afore the rest on us for a foreshadowin' of what a pleasant place this world may be for them as does both things wi' a' their might, and loves to help others to happiness just because they've got such a heap on it themselves. I mind when Mi™ Alicia was the sorrowfulest lookin' woman yo could see, and I doant say but what the shadow of it all is on her yet, and ever will be—but it's a shadow wi' the sun shinin' through it, for all that." This was very interesting, and highly gratifying to the hearers, but the conclave presently drifted once more towards the subject of the ghost in the Dale End shrubbery, and Softie resolved that, at any cost, he must get the constable to see him home that night. Thongh Jeremy kept a pretty strict watch for tne ghost each Sunday night that he chanced to be abroad at a late hour, no apparition appeared; and so time passed. Autumn deepened every russet and golden tint in the woods, turned the bracken red and yellow, and gave the earwigs plenty of beautiful houses to live in, in the shape of daintily folded dahlia flowers —gold and crimson, white and mottled. At last came a Sunday upon which friendly quartette — Jeremy, Jake, and Matthew Hawthorne, with poor Softie thrown in as a sort of make-weight—paid a visit to Farmer Dale and his ruddy-chseked Nancy. W hat with tobacco, beer, and chat, time paoed quickly, and midnight was not far off when the party broke up, while, even thea, tbe jolly farmer insisted upon seeing his guests part way home. Be it fully understood that each aud all of the five men were in a condition " to walk the plank," as Matthew grimly put it, in other words to cross the brook at tne bottom of Mrs. Dale's garden in perfect safety. If one betrayed the slightest passible inclination to waver, and was glad of a hand slipped beneath his elbow from] behind, that one was Softie. _ The night had changed during that pleasant time spent in the cosy farmhouse parlour from fair to fouL It was a night of clouds hurrying across the sky, of wet leaves, dank from late rain, nhininf; £n the pallid, sickly light of a moon obscured by a moving veil of mist—a night full of flitting shadows, of whispers among the branches overhead—a night eerie, wild, changeful, yet warm as a night in summer. Good liqaor, and not too much of it, warms the heart without muddling the head. Jake's heart was warmed so that he sang as he walked, somewhat ahead of the rest, sang stoutly of glory to come and of foes abased. We have heard him sing this boastful ditty before, though hardly, perhaps, with the same flow and warmth as now— My foes Thy footstool Thou shalt make. And from their necks the stiffness take. While I on glory full of pride- Bless us all this night, and keep us ! Look ye there!" "There" was a gleam of something white among the trees that skirted the Dale End property, and even as Jake gasped forth that unpremeditated amendment to his hymn, it came nearer—grew more and more defined— a slowly moving figure clothed in white. "I forgot we'd got to pass by t'squoire's, or I'd never have come?' moaned Softie, whose legs shook under him. " Don't go on as if thou wert playing the r bones to a banjo, Softie," whispered the farmer hurriedly. So poor Softie tried his best to keep his teeth from chattering. Slowly on and on came the figure, the fitfu light now touching it, now leaving it in shadow, now touching it again. It must be conceded that Jake made a struggle to be as brave as his song. He planted his spindle legs far apart, as who should say—*' They mayn't be much to boast of, but they're the best foundation Nature has bestowed upon me, and upon them I take my stand." But even the spindles wavered as that creeping figure came near the high fence that separated the lane from the woodland, and, as the figure passed close, the men huddled up together in a heap, for the face they looked upon was the face of a dead man, and the widely-opened eyes that the moon just then gleamed brightly on were a dead man's eyes—unseebg, glassy, terrible in immobility. Th& gtastiy thing, in clinging W&gdner;'s frock, with unkempt red locks coming low on the brow, and crowned by a low widebrimmed hat, had vanished—died out of Bight among a group of clustering trees, and a faint moaning sound as of a thing in mortal pain was borne upon the wind to awe-struck ears. " What did I tell yo' ?" gasped Jeremy, who stood grasping his hair with his hands while his hat lay in the rut; "didna' I tell yo' it wur bent under a burden? Did yo' see t' hands gropin' at summat as bowed its back, and workin' like Bill's when h'e took wi' the fits ? I wish I wur whoam." Maybe they all did. " Why, wherever's Softie got to?" cried the farmer, glad, no doubt, of the thoroughly human sound of his own voice. Softie was seated in the ditch at the opposite side of the road crying bitterly, and wiping his eyes and nose on the sleeve of his jacket. It was no easy job eituer to drag him from his lair, since as soon as he was set upon his feet he flung himself down again ; but, upon the farmer suggesting they should all go home and leave him to interview the ghost alone, he took a more practical view of matters, and was led the rest of the way home by the chief constable, as if he were a prisoner newly captured by that mighty arm of the law. The men were very silent as they went their way. The memory of that ghastly face, those fixed and sightless eyes was a thing that clung to the mind like a burr. It was a thing that could not be shaken off even by the bravest. They got Softie home, and it is to be feared his better-half cruelly misconstrued his tremblmg and prostrate condition; but as she flung to the door in Farmer Dale's face, aud refused to hear a word of exolanation, every one was powerless, and the last thin" his companions neard of Softie was the fresh outburst of weeping with which he began to narrate what his wife was pleased to term a 'packo danged lies." Jere eremy had been left at the lodge gates. There remained, therefore, only the farmer (whose solitary walk home aid not appear to cause him much apprehension), Matthew, and Jake the cobbler. "I reckon I've hit the right nail on the head," said the farmer gravely before he bade the other two good-night; You's the man as robbed t' Bank—donnot yo' mind how they said as he'd carrotty locks and a carter's smock—eh? He's dead and buried be who he may, but t'weary load o' sin upon his soul wunna let him rest." Here the speaker paused a moment, overcome by the strange and awful experiences of that Sabbath night. Then he added, reverently, pityingly, fervently— " God deliver us from all such!" And they knew that he meant from the sin, and not from the poor troubled spirit of the sinner. ^ I reckon yo're about reet, farmer," said Jake, after a moment's deep reflection. " I reckon- yon'-s him, asyo' say. But what dangs ire is this : why should he takf to wanderin' iound by Squire's Dale's place, of a' places on the wide earth?" 