BRISBANE s SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1884. There was not a Dry Eye Yisible. * * Pear Godj Speak evil of none; Stick to tne Truth j and never be done." Come with, me, reader, where squalid misery hides its cowering head. Come with me into the back slums and arches where unfortunate respectability has "been drifted to by the dark tide of black misfortune—where a " square-meal" is the reason for a red-letter day— where people are as proud as they are poor—where Spanish haughtiness is handmaid to Irish poverty. Do you think there is nought of that in Brisbane ? G-od help your ignorance if you do. Do you know a tithe of the misery around you ? I don't mean your beery loafers and their distrained homos—I mean your gentlemen and your gentlewomen —seedy- respectables trying to hide their delapidation by patchwork. I grieve to think of the money I have wasted over various vanities while these poor, proud gentlefolk were literally living in a hollow skin of ap parent competency. The other day the Rev. Mr- Macpherson, a Baptist clergyman and a city missionary, attracted by some statements made by Figaso, and believing that, at any rate, I have the common feelings of a man, invited me to accompany him upon his benevolent rounds. I did so. What I saw on that journey my feeble pen is unable to describe. Had anyone told me that such horrors were in our midst, I would have given a careless " Pish !" and dismissed the idea from my memory. Still, it is nevertheless a fact that the shrivelled apple of respectable misery still appears plump and full under the air-glass of pridefull Coverture. Oh, the pity of it! Kick out by all means the cheeky loafer who begs your charity in the open daylight. But search and find the retiring and modest family that squanders its humility in its " respectability." Poor devils S How are they to be known ? They struggle on and on till one means of support after another fails and then—they die. They never beg. They are too proud. Few outsiders ever know them. The City Missionaries come across them, and really understand what they "undergo. It was through Missionary Macpherson that I was * This report was crushed over from last week. led to realise the genteel poverty that can exist in even so small a town as Brisbane. I propose to tell my readers something of this. I am going to give no •names—not because I can't, but because I respect the feelings of the poor sufferers; in fact, I hold these people in greater reverence than I do many monied upstarts who pose as lordlings in the world's great cattle-fair. Any reader really and deservedly seeking information can obtain the same from the Rev«. Mr. Macpherson. Let me describe a part of my stroll with this City Missionary. Could my words but bring the picture up before your eyes, oh! but You would weep. It is but tame work to describe matters as I fail to describe them. A house in Skew Street. Four rooms resided in by five families. Think of that, ye curled darlings who luxuriate in many-roomed dwellings. Five families in four rooms ! Think of the inconvenience of it even* if all else were well regulated. Let me describe one room as a sample. It is true it is clean. That is because the people are " respectable." They have " seen better days." They are " shabby genteel." On a "shake-down" reclines the ghost of what once was a robust man. As you look at his attenuated form you almost fancy you can see through him. His breath comes in gasps. You fancy lie is hollow. Near him is his wife, a dear, little woman; but, oh! the tale told by her hectic cheeks and those piercing eyes that shine out like the planets that startle the evening and morning skies. It is a short tale to tell—"Con sumption With a little manoeuvring I obtained the man's con fidence. He was proud and didn't want at first to let me know how " low-down " he was. But, seeing that I was not impertinent in my curiosity, he unbosomed himself. He was a blacksmith by trade and his wife was a dressmaker. They were new chums, having been out here a few months. He took typhoid fever —that damnable murderous instrument of the in capable City Council—and he had been in the Hospital for two months and had just been discharged. The Hospital authorities had been as kind as ever could be, but other fever patients had swarmed in and he had to remove. His wife had been ill almost since her arrival, and, to add to her other troubles, she was daily expecting her confinement. He didn't complain about the colony. He had simply had bad luck— Misery upon misery. His wife's sewing-machine had had to be "put away," and they had the sum of seven-pence left—not a rap more in the wide world, but they "didn't want every body to know it." I negotiated an I.O.U. for the poor fellow. Another case. It is at Redhill this time. There is a gully called—by some freak of municipal satire— Stafford Street. There is a humpy in that gully (or ** street.") A two-roomed humpy. Two families re side here. It is also scrupulously clean. The people here are in a state of ruinous poverty, but they are of such respectable origin that they can't help being clean and they try to hide from all persons around the fact that they are poor. One of the breadwin ners has just luckily turned the corner and has been able to get back to work. But, m this otber room lies a mason emaciated from a long illness of dysen tery. He thanks Gfod that his wife and two children are well, though he cannot work himself. He proudly ' tells me, in response to delicate enquiries, that he is j not yet " stone-broke," though I would almost swear he hasn't got a penny in the house. " Now, I have Worse to follow* j This is not an incident of misery so much as one of medical neglect—criminal neglect. I don't know -the ! name of the medical man j I don't want to know it, be cause he may bp a personal friend of mine and that might incline me to look unduly favorable on his con [ duct. The Rev. Mr. Moore, Baptist Minister, promised this sick man to endeavour to get a medical man (paid by the Relief authorities, of course) sent to visit him That was on Tuesday. On Wednesday a trooper called, stating th^t he had been ordered to make enquiries about the sick man and hinted that the doctor would call. On Thursday, the trooper called again and expressed astonishment that the doctor had not called. I saw the sick man on the following Mon day and was informed that no doctor had even then called. " The man is still alive, thanks to a constitutional fluke, but it isn't the doc tor's fault. I want to know who would have been re sponsible if this man had died. Of these cases of shabby-genteel misery, I could multiply instances. But 1 need not. These woe stricken people shrink from charity. Now, I have a plan. These men and women cannot be offered money as a gift without becoming offended. Then give it them as a loan. A. little temporary assistance will put them on their feet, and by and bye they will be able to assist other people who are temporarily stuck. Take their I.O.Us.; that won't pauperise them. Any one who is mean enough to try and evade his responsibility must then be sued. I feel convinced that if the Brisbane people only Icnew the misery existent in our midst, they would start a fund to loan these embarrassed people money. I am prepared to " ante-up " a "fiver" myself to wards such a fund, and if I have a "red cent" left after Mick Ready (J.P. of Mackay, by the grace and stupidity of the "great and good" Samuel) has put me through,I will " see" that "fiver," and "go one better." I may add that Mr. (Tones, manager for G-ordon & Gotch, has promised another £5, and X think that the Rev. Mr. Macpherson will be glad to receive a few more. I know the money will be well placed. It will baulk pauperism. It will lift deserving people over tight places. It will do unbounded good. The amount of Mission funds at Macpherson's dis posal when I saw him last was 2s. ? The Toowoomba Chronicle says <f it is sometimes refreshing to read the Brisbane Cornier." WeJ may be, but there is one thing I know, ■ j_i > »j • sfc tp flit 16 that it is never refreshing* to read the Jt Grooner. iiowoomba 