A BAD BOY'S DIARY. CHAPTER X. 79SB fiURPBIBB FABTY. Papa, wanted to send me off to school, but mamma sade, 'No, he'll be sent back, wot's the use?' cos the citizens wanted me to leve the place. The nice yung citty feller wot broke his leg, is abul to be out, witch I am very sorry for, cos I shel miss the good things my sisters sent him to ete. It makes my mouth wotter to rockolect them. Reverend Mr. Slocum might as well hang his harp on a wilo tree, for Betty she told me last night confidcnshal that Bess was ded in love with the citty chap, and Betty is a good judge — she knows how it is herself ; she has a red-heddod bow who looks like one o' those punkins with a candel inside witch I frighten her with on dark nights. I should not think she would be frightened, they .are the perfect immidge of her bow. Mr. Jennings, whose log is got well, ho called to see my sister Bess last evenin'; he said he must go back to town tomorro, but he wood come agane. Bess whispered to me it was my bed time, so I said, u Good-bye, Mr. Jennings,' and went out as quiet asja lamb, but I crept back into the front parlour, witch was in darkness, an' lay down on the sofy cos I was wide awake as a hawk, an' Bess she says : ' Do, Mr. Jennings, stay til Friday ; there's goin* to be a sirprise party on Thursday nite, and we can't get along without you. I wouldn't have little Georgie here about it for the wurld — he'd do some mischief, I'm afrade — that's the reason I didn't tell yon til he was gone to bed ; It's going to be to Judge Bell's ; we'll have a luvly time.' So he said he'd stay to pleze her, an' he squeezed her hand like it was an orange. It must be true wot Betty says, they will make a match. I wanted to fire a marble at 'em, but I thot Ide better not so's Sue wouldn't know I heard about the sirprise party, an' I lay lo. He asked her was she engaged to Mr. Slocum. She said she wouldn't marry him if he was the last man, she wasn't good enuff to be a minister's wife. Then he asked her was she good cnuff to be his wife. I don't konw what she said, she spoke so lo, but he most ct her up like she was shugar, an' I fell aslepe. All was dark wen I awoke, so I went up as soft as anything, but the stairs creaked, and papa he rushed out and fired his pistol. The ball took oph a little peace of my rite car, an' made me fall down stairs, so papa was sortain he had killed the burglar, an' he got a lamp, and Sue and Bess loeked their door and scrcmed inside, and he and mamma come down were I was all curled up at the foot, and she said : ' Oh, Lord, it's dere. little Georgia ! Oh, my sun, my sun !' Papa he groncd like ho was hurted. Mamma she saw the blood on my face, an' said : ' He's killed.' But I was only wounded, like I was a soldyer, and I jumped up and said I wasn't hurt ; then mamma had a fit of highsterics. Such a time 1 my ear was rapt in cotton - and I was put to bed wen it was getting dalite. I had my brekfust brot up by Betty, but I didn't let on^ftbout the sirprise even to her. \ Mamma she cride some more wen she came up to seo me. I tezed her to let me get up. Wen I was dressed, I sliped out unbekiwue, an' went over to Juge Bell's an' asked for Muss Anna, an' told her there was a big party coming \o her house that night, so she must be sirpriscd as \ver was. She laffed and said she wood — she was gfftd I tole her, cos she wouldn't let her krinips out now till evening, an' she'd put the pillow shams on, and fcave the girl sweep under the beds. A Then I went and asked old Miss TuVker, who goes by the day, to come, an' Johnny pill, who tends the Talerode switch with one leg, W' w^° Robinson, who whitewashes our kitchen, ancj the two Gieen girls who work at tailoring — 0 a lot \\-f folks like it said in the Nil Testament to ask wen jyu give a party — witch they was deli ted, and promised to go, and »ot gay a word all day, \ My peplc that I invited all went urly. They were all there before the other folks came, an' Juge Bell he thot it was a sell, because he was up for oflis, and Miss Anna she was that mad she put on her bonnit and went away. So the sirprise party took their c&ke; and creme and music and come over to our house, where they had a very nice time. Papa was awful sorry, cos the juge and he was friends. He wondered who did it. But I thot wot a pity those poor peple went away without cake or sanawitcnes like we nad ! 1 guess somebuddy tole him Georgie did it, fur he looked at me so sharp I thot I wood go out in the back yard and see if the moon had set. There was a strange cat come in the yard. It was a white and black cat. I said, ' Kitty, kitty, kitty !' but it run away. There was an awful oder. so I couldn't stand it, and I went in. The folks was in the dining room having thei refreshment, so I went in there. They set up a dreadful hu and ory like I was a wild beste. ' 0, go away ! go away !' The ladies put their handkerchers to tharc faces as if they had the toothake. Papa grabed me by the shoulder and took me out to the stable, and sot me down on some hay, and tole me to sta rite thare till the party was over. It was oifal mene. I could hear the music plaing and I hadn't any supper ; it was cold and dark in tharc, and such a smell, I almost dide. Betty she come out thare after a wile with a lot of cake. It was moonlite wen she opeued the dore, so I saw who 'twas. ' Betty dere, I'm here,' said I, overjoid to see her. ' Oil,' she sade, ' I could find you if it was ever so dark, Georgie by my nose,' and she laffed fit to split. But I didn't get mad, cos it was «k- thotful of her to boing me something to ete in that drery place. I asked her wood she sta with me, but she was too bizzy. She said she'd bring me out my other close as soon as ever she got time. In about half an hour she brot them out, and told me when I had put them on I might come to the house. Betty is a xlunt girl, I prise her hily. I got back a little while before the company went away. ' You musn make frens with strange cats, Georgie,' said Docktor Moore. They oil tezed me. Mr. Jennings he wanted to kno if sented my hankerchuf with Ess bokay ? but papa spoke sternley. ' Georgie,' sade he, ' did you tell that riff-raff to go to Judge Bell's ?' Gust then, before I could anser, there was fereful racket outside — ole tin pans and drums and horns and wissels enough to make you def for life. Every eye turned on me as if I was the guilty culprit. ' Wot's up new ?' groned mamma. For once little Georgie's conshuns was free, ' I don't kno, mamma, I guess it's the callythum pians, don't you ?' You see, dere diry, I had tole a fu fellows round the depo they'd get cake and cider if they went to Juge Bell's and saranaded the Sirprise Party, witch they had found out it was to our house, and come here. You never hearn such a bedlum as they made — thare was about thre duzen of 'em. If Ide knone the party was to be at our house I wood n't invited 'em. Dr. Moore went out to quiet the krowd, wich gust houled and yelled like demons, so he canie. in with his fingers in his eres. ' You will have to treat them,' he said, 'to get rid of them.' Mamma went to get them some cake, but the Sirprise Party had et it all up, there wasn't time to bake enny that nite, so one chap th rowed a stone rite thru the parlour winder — the noise got worse — I was so sorry I had sade ennything to those lo fellows about the saranadc. Then Bess sade thare was a big fruit cake for Thanksgiving in the store-room, she woold get that; so papa sent it out with a lot of sider and his respeks witch they ot up and then give ' thre cheers for little Georgie,' and hollered they wouldn't go away til little Georgie made 'cm a speche. I was ferefui fritencd. Papa said : ' You've got us into the scrape, my boy — you've got to get us out of it.' So Dr. Moore he put me on his shoulder and took me out. I xpect I was pale, but wen they set up a laffin and a screeching I got indignant, so I spoke up rele loud and sade : ' Fello citizens ' — like Lie heard papa down to the hall — ' we've had 2 unexpected visitors to our Sirprise Party to nite. One come into the bakyard j — it was a skunk : tuthcr come into the front yard j — it was the Callythumpians. I don't know witch ? I I like the best. Good nite.' j ' You'll make a stump speker some day, my 1 sun,' sade my father when they had gone as quiet I as lams, and he laffed so much he got over bean I angry with me about the affare, but my best close I are ruined, they are berried in the garden, I cannot j go to Sunday-skool to-morro j I'm sorry, for I I promised Harry Hanks I'de bring him my knife if 1 he'd bring me the Injy rubber lizzord his aunt gave 1 him — I wanted to friten Betty. I Next week is Thanksgiving. I hope and pra msr 1 close won't be berried then, for we expect to have all J our relashuns to dinner and sta over nite. I shall I have a jolly time. Thanksgiving is the best seson of 1 the yere, xcepting Christmas, witch is better, j Children are very fond of Christmas. I know j something about it that is not true, but I shant let on. 1 Tharc are a good manny things in mince pies you 1 wouldn't think wen you ete them — mete, appul, j suet, razons, sitron, brandy, nutmeg, cinmon, puijE-'l paste — an' sonic has snuff. Cook let me see her I make them. I had Johnny's gra^d mother's *n\iff- j box, witch I borrowed without her knowing it. It 1 looked so mucu luce cinmou, l put it all in wnen cook was in the pantry, I hope it is good in pics. \ This has been a busy day. Bess took me out in the j country with her to spend the afternoon. Thare was ?? a boy there, and lots and lots of hickory nuts in the \ woods, and cows. We picked up all we wanted. | He told me about snakes — how they put on a new 1 suit. It is wonderful. I wore my old one cos I j was goin' nutting, an' my other was berried. For j once I can close the, my diry, without any sadning 1 axient to mar thi paige. I was told I was a very I polite child. 1 Bess belongs to an archery club in our Tillage, j She took her bow an arrow out so as to shoot in the 1 country where there was lots of room. When she was tired of it me an the other boy we borrowed it. J Bess let us have it if we woodn't shoot tored the I house, or at enny living thing. We went in the1' I pasture and we put up a noosepaper on a big tree J for a target ; but those plagy cows they kept a I walkin' about, and most every time we took amc at 1 the noosepaper they wood frisk their tales and walk j slowly past that tree like they was possest, thare I want no utther plaice to promenaid but that. 1 Finally one o' them arrows hit the boy's father's 1 best Aldernay cow strate in the eye, wot just l*de M down, kicked once, and give up the ghost. ? j I'm afraid when the cow don't go to^||i)jimyard, || to get milked, his father will not tiljifetJeorge M Hackett such a polite little fello; ^utii'l^id not* {i mene to — no indede ! I did not ame at a single , I thing but the noosepaper, and if that fool cow wood 1 kepe walking past whose fault was it — hers or mine?, I (To be continued.) , ' 1 