LUNATIC LYRICS. [By March Hare.1 No 19. BtJNN THE BANDIT. Bunn was a Bandit; a bad 'an, a bold 'an; A particular friend, so they said, of the Old 'Un; He dwelt in a cave 'mongst the mountains of Greece And was very well known, so they said, to the Fleece. There was writ on his card, did you chance to demand it, "Mr. Benjamin Bunn—Professional Bandit" Every day, about noon, from his haunt he would sally At the head of his gang, and descend to the valley, here toll from all globe-trotters smartly he took, Including those tourists conducted by Cook. And 'twas said when the latter reluctant would and it, Be first bit (he coin, did this cynical bandit. He once caught a Bishop, and fixing his ransom, Drove him up to his cave in .his own private hansom; Bnt finding His Lordship "diminutive taters," He packed him off home minus apron and gaiters. "When you're full up," says he, " of your niggardly city Come back and be Chaplain to these, my Banditti" He once caught a Banker supposed to be wealthy, And he drew him aside with a gesture most stealthy; And with finger to nose, as he showed Mm the door, Said " I never take ransom, old man, from the poor.'1 How, who would have thought that a Banker would stand it? Tet be tipped a sly wink, and said "mom" to the bandit, He once caught a Duke, who was very much married, And whose DncheBs . in . Home for the Carnival tarried; But he bade him God speed on his journey to Borne, "Tour Grace," he observed, "has a bandit at home!' And His Grace gave a groan which so filled him with pity, That he begged and implored Mm to join their banditti. All the folks whom he captured and freed I can't mention, Suffice it to say there soon rose a contention Tdongst the men of his gang, who instanter showed fight, When " the ghost wouldn't walk" one wet Saturday night, " If I had bnt the gold I would willingly hand it, But the treasury is empty, brave boys," said the bandit. Then a scrimmage ensued—knives were drawn, threats were muttered; They raved and they ranted, they stormed and they spluttered, They flourished their weapons, they bustled and shaped; And jnst in the midst of it all Bunn escaped. When they fonnd he had gone then they swore he had planned it And struck off his name from the roll as Chief Bandit. 1 Bonn fled through the night from the wrathfu banditti, And arrived the next morning, fagged out, in the city, Where they gave him at once a snug place in the Fleece (Ton will kindlyremember this happened in Greece) Though the law, one would fancy, was somewhat defective Which made of a bandit a private detective. But bis gang found him out and contrived to entrap him; 'Twas the work of a moment on horseback to strap him; Then " home to our mountains !" was straightway their cry. Where arrived they arraigned their late chief as a spy. "OhI indulge not," said Bunn, "in such horrid invective. Not a spy, my old friends, say ' a private detective.'" But they brought forth a rope, and adjusted it neatly, And Bunn stretched his neck and died calmly and sweetly, And they wrote— " This is Bunn, ] once a Bandit of Greece, Who forsook his old pals and went into the Pleece; So they ordered him Hemp as a gentle corrective, Which caused the demise of the private detective." 