EDUCATION" IN CHINA. | DETAIIfi OF AN ELABORATE SFBTEM. Written fob the Chronicle. If thereis oDe thing more than anotner on which the Chinese pride themselves it is that they are a literary people. In "spite of onr ancient seats of learning, endowed colleges, State education and j our attempts at competitive examinations, j "we are to them, alas ! but poor benighted heathen, upon whom the light of the j Celestial sages has never shone. A recent Embassador to the court of St. James remarked, after a year's residence in the most polished circles of Mayfair, that the English had a rare mechanical | genius, bat were wofally deficient in j scholarship. In China I have been often naively asked whether England and j America had any schools and bow it J could be possible that anything else but Confucias and Hencins was worth learn- j log. The representatives of our learned classes In China, the CodsdIs, mission- j aries, barristers and schoolmasters, are | regarded as persons whose education has : been sadly neglected. Were the apostle of culture himself to go to China and - there unfold his ' sweetness and light,' ' he wonld be in the eyes of the coolie but j an nncouth, unlettered foreign devil, j In short, John Chinaman arrogates to ; himself the possession of the very | quintessence of all knowledge and good : breeding, and for a foreign barbarian to ! stand np and teach ' him wisdom is an : impertinence the most audacious. an elaborate educational sf8teai. j If the mental pabulum supplied to the . youth of China were not snch dessicated ; refuse, the Chiuese might indeed lay claim to being the most cultivated nation in the world. They have fed on the dry ; boneB of the dead past so long that their j minds are as contracted, as their own | women's feet. The educational machinery i is almost perfect. The poorest lad is taught to read and write. Every father ; considers sending his son to school a j duty only second to providing him with j rice and clothes. Literarv attainments ! form the only qualification for official positions, by means of a magnificent j system of competitive examinations, that ! had been at work centuries before any ; other country ever dreamt of making it | the avenue to Government employment, j In a country notorious for corruption and oppression, one can hardly credit j the fact that the highest posts of honour j are open to the poorest lads, via a series ! of examinations, which, to the credit of j the Chinese Government be it said, are conducted generally with rigid impartial- ; ity and even-handed justice. It is this j privilege which givee an immense i stimulus to education in China, fills the ) empire with schools and colleges, and i raises the pedagogue to a position of t dignity and lnstre only second to those j time-honored aages of whose doctrines he is the exponent LOW-GRADE SCHOOLS. The primary schools, in the absence of j endowments and State aid, aresnpported by the parents of the scholars. They are exclusively for boys, girls being supposed j to need no education. The schoolroom is a spare hall of a village temple, or an ! apartment of a private house, at one i end of which is placed a shrine of Con- ! fucius. Each scholar brings his desk ! and stool, enters his name and pays his ; fee, which is not more than 3 to 4 dole, per annum. Studies begin at 6 a.il and ; close at 4 p.m. On entering the school- ' room the pupil must worship before the j shrine of the sage of China and then j bow with clasped hands before his teacher. His work at first consists of learning to read and write Chinese hie- roglyphics and to recite from memory the ' Three-Character Classic.' Bsfore j long he is able to commit to memory i portions of the sacred classics, a correct - knowledge of which is the only sure ! road to honour and fame, buttons and ; feathers. If we add to all this instruc- j tion in proprieties and good manners we j have the whole curriculum of a lad's studies. When he is 9 or 10 years of ' age he proceeds to understand the mean- j ing of the written characters and ; sentences, till at last, bit by bit, he is able to take in the profundities and subtelties of Chinese moral philosophy. Having committed whole volumes to j memory, he is permitted to try his hand at prose and verse compositions. j useless branches op knowledge. j It is needless to say that science, : mathematics, geography, to say nothing j of foreign languages, dead or living, are i subjects too utterly trivial for Chinese i 'schools. What more does ' a lad need j than Confucius . and Meucius ? Con- j fucius, Confucius ; oh, .who is like j Confucius V is the first line of a ditty 1 sung by every school lad. Each youngster studies aloud, and when it is remembered that no two pupils study the eame portion at the same time, the confusion of tongues may be better Imagined than described. One day I entered a school where 50 scholars were shouting out their lessons at the top of their voices. 'Seeing me protecting my ears from the deafening din, the school master motioned for silence. Asking him what he meant by turning his school into a bedlam, he blandly informed me that hearing his scholars reading visa voce was his only proof that they read at alL The system of learning by rote has turned them into machines, 'notwith standing Confucius' words, ' The superior man is no utensil,' bnt it has developed a wonderful memory. I have often picked up a volume which an eight- year-old child had crammed, selected a portion at hazard, given the one word and the youngster has gone off like' a string of firecrackers, racing through at breathless speed, without omitting a single word. I -suppose there are now at least 10,000,000 scholars in China able to re produce from their heads the whole of the 'Thirteen Classics' in all their integrity any day that sees their printed paper hnrnt up, just as they were com piled by the scholars of the Han dynasty after the celebrated 'burning of the books' I , SHE FIRST ACADEMIC DEGREE. I At the age of 16 a lad who shows an ' aptitude for study is sent to one of the higher grade colleges, where he prepares for a degree conferred by the Govern-, meat, no college or nniversity in Qiina having a fiscally for granting academical honours. Wealthy young men often engage a private tutor to coach them up beforehand. Many retire to some her mitage embossed iu fir-clad mountains, amidst such/scenes as inspired the minds of their ancient sages and poets. By the time the stndent has read and written sufficient to mould his style he is ready for the degree of San Tsoi, or ' Elegant Talent.' To compete for this degree no one is disqualified by watermen, play actors, jailors and slaves, or their immediate descendants. The long series of examinations that most be passed before donning the graduate's cap is enough to wear down the stoniest frame and turn the coolest brain. A high officer of state, called the 'Literary Chancellor,' is sent down by the Em peror to conduct the examinations. Each district magistrate first holds a preli minary examination at his yam On the day appointed the nnder-graduates are searched as they enter the halls, all books, manuscripts and other contra band articles found on their persons being bnrnt. When the roll has been called over, the doors are shot, bolted and sealed, ingress and egress being forbidden till the work is done. Themes are now selected from the ' Four Books,' that is, from the ' Confucian Analects,' the ' Great Learning,' the ' Mean' and the ' Book of Mencins.' The candidate is required to write essays, containing at least 600 characters each, and to compose an original poem of 12 lines, with five characters in each line. This done, the candidate writes hiB name and number on the corner of the last page, tarns it over and seals It down, so as to conceal his name nntil the essay has been criticised. At the expiration of the allotted time the papers are handed in. Next day the papers are scrutinized and the result is posted up on the yamen walL Two or three other examinations are also held by the magistrate, the object of which is to make a farther segregation of the swarm of candidates, whose chances of I success in the majority of cases are very small indeed. A candidate need only attend the first examination, unless he is anxious to take a higher position. The higher a man stands the better are Mb chances at the next examination. going up higher. The next step for the undergraduates is to present themselves for examination by the prefect nnder whose jurisdiction their native places are grouped. The same subjects are taken and the same ruljs are followed as in the examination held by the district magistrate. Two or three successive trials are made, the number of candidates being smaller at every sitting. When these preliminaries are over the surviving candidates appear before the Literary Chancellor for the grand test at the prefectnral yamen, There are per haps only 60 degrees to be gained by the best scholars, and yet sometimes as many as 7000 candidates will present them selves. Before entering each person must make a declaration as to his ante cedents and find credible securities for his good behaviour. This is to provide against such corrupt practices as, for instance, where a wealthy yonng man will pay some clever rogue to enter the . hall and earn the degree under his own | name. Prose essays and verse composi tions are still the tests of a man's talents j required by the Chancellor. The fol lowing day the papers are examined and the lists are issned. Mauy of these young gentlemen look in vaiu for their names. They do not need to be informed that their attendance is required no longer. They gird up their loinB and return home, where their abilities are better appreciated. reducing the lists. The number of names that appear on the first list is still greatly in excess of I the rewards to be gained. Two or three further examinations are therefore held, each segregation still farther diminishing the number of candidates. Those who stand high in the succeeding lists are re- qaiied to write from memory the ' Saered Edict,' a celebrated classic composed by the Emperor Eang Hi, and here the most trivial error or omission will cancel the excellence of all the other work. The final heat is now over, cannons are fired, the doors are opened and the students issue forth. When the last list is out, the greatest excitement prevails. Special couriers and fast boats dash away to different parts of the prefecture with the news, and men pace the streets selling correct lists' of the new graduates. These now rejoice in the title of San Tsoi, or as we should say, Bachelor of Arts. A poor scholar who contents himself with a State Bachelor of Arts degree will have to settle down to a life of teaching, hut if he is ambitions for official employment he must proceed to the degree of Ku Fan 'advanced man,! or as we should say, his roaster's degree. ' The examination for this coveted distinction occurs every three years, and is conducted by imperial com missioners appointed for the purpose. Several weeks before this takes place the Bachelor of Arts graduates of the whole province who wish to compete assemble at the provincial capital for a preliminary examination, called wai tsoi or ' little go,' conducted by the Literary Chancellor, who makes oat certificates for the success ful candidates. the canton examination TTAT.T. The vast Examination Hall of Canton is one of the great sights of the place.' It is surrounded by a high adobe wall, pro tected by spike glass, thorns, Ac., with massive gates on the south ride. The -inside is crowded with about 10,000 brick cells, arranged in rectangular rows. From a bird's-eye view the whole ioclosure looks like a compact walled city. Each cell -is about 3| x 3 feet, with a tiled roof' just high enough for a man to atand erect Windows and doors are -dispensed with, as the 'examinations take place in the hot season. The furniture of each cell consists simply of two - or three' boards, which fit into the grooved wall and dodnty for seat, desk, table, and bed. Here the candidate will have to write, eat, eleep, and live for two or three days. Each of these pig-pens is ' Ji... numbered and the rows of cells are dis tinguished by huge characters taken from the ' Thousand Character Classic.' In the centre of this mass of cells rises the padoga roof of the Examiners' Hall, where, after going through the ceremony of 1 wa&hing; their hearts ' at the Temple of Perfect Jastice, they take np their residence, and stubbornly refuse to hold communication with any persoD, in order to avoid any suspicion of bribery. On the morning of the examination the streets in the vicinity swarm with stndents in their long light-blue gowns, and the whole city presents a scene of nnnsual animation and excitement. At the last triennial 9000 candidates presented themselves, whose chances of success were veiy slender. The number of Ku Fan degrees allowed for the province of Canton is nnder 80, so that not more than eight in a thousand can be snccessfhl. the final test. On the eighth day of the eighth Chinese month the candidates arrive and present their certificates. Search is made iu their Innch baskets, clothes, shoes, stockings, and even in their queues. The discovery of the least scrap of written paper wUl often involve the smuggler in serions consequences. When the doors have been sealed up themes are selected from the ' Four Books, each candidate bring required to write three essays con sisting of 1000 characters each. The ordeal is so severe that it is not nnnsual to hear of men being taken suddenly ill, or even giving up the ghost on the spot. It would be impossible to enumerate the many tricks and plans devised to cheat the examiners. One old device was to get a cell nnder the outer wall, attach the teste to a stone, throw it over the wall to a bribed scholar outside, who hastily writes the required essays in small nharactery on the finest paper, screws them up into a ball, deposits them in a tiny waxen box, and tosses it over the wall into the candidate's cell. Another plan is to bribe a candidate to write essays for himself and employer at the same sitting. On the tenth day of the month the first examination is over, fol- i InnroJ tur a ..CAM until thp plpvpnth dftv. when the candidates retnrn to take up themes selected from the ' Five Classics.' Five papers are required, or abont five thousand characters in all. Another recess takes place on the thirteenth, and on the fourteenth day of the eighth month, the third and final examination takes place, when five miscellaneous catching questions on Chinese literature and Mstory are given and answers required in writing. On the evening of the 15ch these papers are handed in and the candidates are dismissed late in the night or early the next morning. After each of these examinations the papers are examined by a committee, whose business it is to detect any defects in caligraphy, any rent, blot, erasure, or other deface ment being sufficient to disqualify the candidate from sitting next day, notwith standing the literary merits of the com position. I remember seeing 7 1 names of these nnfortnnate slovens posted np with the disgrace-bearing mark of the blue pencil attached to each name. The ma jority, I was informed, were men who simply lost their wits in the examination hall, and involuntarily drew maps when they attempted to tonch the paper. making a decision. The surviving manuscripts are handed to a board of copyers, who make a fair copy in vermillion of each essay. The originals are pat aside and only the red- ink copies are seen by the examiners. This, together with the concealment of the candidate's name, is a precaution, against injustice. The hand-writing and name are unknown till the merit of the essay is determined. A committee of examiners now receive the red-ink copies and divide the work of examination between them. Their work is merely to make a farther segregation of essays, the worst papers bring rejected once for all About a thousand are then selected and sent to the Imperial Commissioners, with whom the final examination and decision rests. What a sigh of relief there most be when the last decision is made 1 Great is the rejoicing of the fortunate scholar who sees his name Mgh np on the final list. He is now a provincial graduate, the comj peer of mandarins, and competent to enter the imperial service. Banquets, congratulations and decorations now await him. His retnrn home is a trium phal progress. Robed in the richly embroidered tippet worn by graduates of the second degree, crowned with a - hat surmounted with a golden Sower and seated in a grand sedan chair, he rides prondly at "the head of the - procession. The hero enters his native town amidst the firing of crackers, the waving Of banners, the moBic of bands and the ape planse of his clansmen. He now takes his position with the gentry of the cona- try, receives a grant from the State, and is by and by advanced to some position In bis conn try's service, . where deeds of extortion and oppression afford ample scope for the talents of so wise and great a man. 