? with suspicion the proposed new Land Bill in not to be wondered at in tbs light of the past. If this bill be allowed to pass ia its present form, then farewell to any mining unaccompanied by h6avy charges for compensation, royalties, and percentages. It is very well for peopl» to say, Oh, the land is merely to be leased,'and for fourteen years only," but it requires no ghost fr»m the dead to tell ub that before tbe fourteen years are up an agitation will be got up to g.it Crown grants for tbe occupants. But whither tbat will be the case or not, in the meantime tbe miners and mining investors «iil have to submit to new exactions. We bave burdens grievous enough to bear now, but nnder tbe new bill all tbe auriferous lauds will be selected,-even the poor schistose ranges will go, and in a few months no prospecting ground will be left. The working miner will flud tbat tbe barren ranges are closed to bim unless be submits to be iiaecad by the leaseholders. I say to the miners, oppose this bill to tbe uttermost: it tears away tbe last sbred wbicb previous hostile legislation has left you. Distrust tbe Legislature about land Uwp, even though it says it will mike provi.-ion for ibe right of entry to mine under leised land. It nrofetssd to do this under the Land Act of 1869. There it is provided that tbe Crown may resume possession of auriferous land, and in the leases tbe words are Uited tbat the Crown may do so, and miners may apply to have It done. But tbe result is about as fruitful as the Welshman's summoning of spirits from the vasty deep. And in the new Land Act similar provisions will be as inoperative in this respect. Not long since I aud others trl- d to get permission from a leaseholder to mine on some shallow diggings from 0 to 10 feet, in his leasehold, but he uked exorbi- tant terms. Sd then - we endeavored to get on the land under the provisions of the Act, and duly, lodged the money required After considerable delay, the Mining and tbe Lands Departments in. formed ns tbat. although the Act said the Crown could resume possession, there was no machinery by which it could do so. and forward, d us tbe opinions r.f two learned Attorney-Generals on tbe subject. I can hardly believe tbe miners will allow the small remainder of their inheritance to b® taken from them and 1 think ih-y will present a determined front against the proposed spoliation. We hear a great deal about compensation to lu>d-Qwnera and occupiers by miners, but, if not an irrelevant question, might we oak, bare not tbe miners a right to be compea-ated for the taking away c.f their land 7 To obtain a lease of Crown lands the miner pays 10s au acre per annum; the land man 2s, and a frethald. If It be necessary to let all the land, do so, n»dsr grazing and Sgricaltnra! licenses, which (hall provide that tbe holders shall not have any rights against tbe miner, but any area to be used for mining to be deducted tn calculating the annual rent. In conclusion, let ma once again warn the mining community sgaiust tb s measure, wbicb should be greatly amended before it Is allowed to pass.— Yours, d-c., 13th August. \- (i 