LARRIKINISM. Mb Frank Johnstone introduced the sub ject of 11 Larrikinisua" in the following exhaustive manner before the Footscray Debating Society on Monday, 28th inst.: j In speaking of “ larrikin ism" I am ^touch ing upon a subject which at no very distant . date, if not already, will fully occupy the brains of our ablest legislators. It is a very . difficult problem to deal with, for various reasons. In the fiist place it is very hard to define what really constitutes a larrikin in the true sense of the word. To. Sergeant Dalton is generally given the credit of coin ing the term, and he applied it in the. first instance to yonthsof a rollicking disposition, with more fun than harm in them j but now it is applied to youths of all classes who congregate together, principally though to the lower orders of society. As a matter of fact, a first-class larrikin must be able to fight, drink, and be proficient in slang. Among his 11 pals” he is looked up to with a certain amount of respect as long as he is unsurpassed in these qualities, but let a better turn up and he is at once deposed from the post of honor, for a true larrikin respects nothing but brute force. It is in my opinion a very great mistake to suppose that every young fellow that is seen standing at the corners of the streets or sauntering along the footpaths with others is a larrikin, for there are numbers of young men who go out in the evening simply in search of amusement^ or to chat about some cricket or football match, or anything, in fact, that will pass the time away till bedtime, others may frequent billiard-rooms, hotel bars or Mechanics’ Institutes for the same purpose ; yet it is very strange that the term larrikin should be applied to these, but it is by people who do not stop to think what such a word means, and you might as well apply it to the Borough Council if you saw them standing outside the Town Hall in a body. The real “ Simon Pure” is chiefly to be found in the low dens of infamy that abound in Mel bourne and suburbs, young fellows who respect neither age or sex, whose whole existence is devoted to the enjoyment of life from their own particular point of view, who study nothing but the art of living without work, who would not hesitate to pick a pocket, or a quarrel either, if they got a good chance, or insult or beat a woman on the slightest provocation, and often without it, who reckon that Jem Mace ought to be governor of Victpria — so great is their respect for a man that they cannot thrash and dare not fall out with; but let any unfortunate woman of the town, or in fact any one that they think will not hurt them much, offend them, and these scoundrels will illuBe them in the most brutal manner, not infrequently ending in the death of their victims, as witness the recent cases in Sydney. There is a certain class in Mel bourne and some of the suburbs—notably Carlton, Fitzroy, and Collingwood — who travel about in large mobs ; these consist principally of half-a-dozen first-class larrikins and their admirers. Should a row take place, and a policeman interfere he is brutally maltreated, and in nine cases out of ten when the offenders are arrested some respectable young fellow, who never dreamed that he would ever see the inside of a cell, finds himself placed in the dock as an accomplice of these characters, simply through being foolish enough to keep their company. If he is unable to pay the heavy fine which is generally imposed in these cases and has to go to gaol, when he comes out again he finds that respectable society will not countenance him, but his former companions receive him with open arms and make a hero of him ; this flatters his vanity, and he goes to commit fresh deeds of valour till in the end he becomes as bad as the rest of them. It is in my opinion a great mistake to class all boisterous or rough spoken youths as larrikins, because in this country most youths from the earliest period that they are able have to work all day to bring grist to the family mill, consequently night is the only time they have to enjoy themselves, and as the street is the most suitable place for them in this hot climate they naturrlly go there to arrange their little affairs and are, of course, called larrikins; and perhaps some of them think that having the name they might as well deserve it, and so they indulge in a good deal of noise at times. Another thing to be considered is that these lads now growing up have not attained the standard of education that the children at present attending the State Schools will have reached when they are of the same age as those at present termed “ larrikins," and it is only reasonable to sup pose that the principal portion of the next and some of the present generation will have their roughness considerably toned down by the refining influence of education. I may state that I have never observed anything mean or paltry about the class just referred to, they never hesitate about spending the last shilling of their pocket money, thrift not being one of their virtues. I could adduce, however, many instances, some of them very touching, of the devotion of these lads to their parents (not that I think that they have much veneration for anyone else as a rule), and although they have a peculiar way of calling them the " old man" and the '< old woman” after the colonial fashion, still as a rule (to which, of course, there aro exceptions) they will not let them want for anything while they can procure it for them, and I venture to say in this respect they will compare favorably with the youth of any country in the world ; and as the very name of larrikin is associated in the mind with visions of mean, low, and vicious brutality, I think it is very wrong to classify such lads as I have just referred to under that heading. The reason why they are so called in my opinion is because the real, pure larrikin who commits such a diabolical crimes and outrage; is himself a mere youth or else a very young men, hence any boy, large or small, who is in any way fast, "cheeky," or noisy is termed a larrikin by the mere force of custom. There is, how ever, a class of young men who fully deserve the title and something added to it. These are young men who move in the very best society, and who have all the attributes of pure larrikinism, with the addition of plenty of money at their command to carry out their villianous practices. They are well educated and have a plausible address, and it is very hard to fasteD the particular crime of which they are guilty upon them—that of ruining the reputation of young girls, or old ones either for that matter. They hold such a high position in society that it is a difficult matter to get at them, for money to defend them will be forthcoming, not only in hun dreds but thousands if necessary; besides the parents of these young men hold 6uch high positions in the colony and have such influence, let alone money, at their service that it is seldom their sons are interfered with or brought to justice, although there are plenty of them known. These in my opinion, having all tho advantages of money, together with the best education procur able, are worse than the lowest type of larrikin, who has at all events to fight his way along himself for anything he gets; and I am happy to say I have not seen any of this type in the place in which I live. With regard to the causes of rowdiness and general want of veneration observable among the youth of these colonies, I am of opinion that the climate ha3 a great deal to do with it. For instance, the climate in Great Britain is much colder than out here, and when night comes on the most comfortable place -is alongside of a fire, and naturally when .a youth is in the presence of his parents he behaves himself as well as he can, and as he keeps more inside the house there than he does here, this behaviour becomes a habit in most instances and has a material effect on his after career. In the old country anything approaching levity or rudeness is promptly nipped in the bud; smoking in tho presence of the old people would not be permitted in a youth,\ and swearing would result in being socially out lawed. The greater attention paid to religions observances in the old country, both publicly and privately, has no doubt a great effect on the minds of boys at borne; although from the disturbed state of Ireland at the present time of writing it seems to lead to a large amount of religious bigotry and intolerance, a thing which has not yet found a very firm footing in this country, and I hope never will, seeing that it only produces serious enmity between men, who but for it would be the best of friends. Now in this country we do things in almost direct opposition to the home style. Stopping in the house even without a fire generally meads taking a sort of cheap Turkish bath, in the summer time at all events. We are blessed with an amount of fine weather here that they do not experience there, and even if we are baked, boiled, half frozen or nearly drowned in the course of a day now and again, we can generally find enough fine weather in it to tempt ub outside. Who ever heard of a picnic in the parlor at Christmas time in Australia; yet in Great Britain at that time you hear of nothing but blazing fires, round which the members of the family are sitting telling ghost stories, while the snow lies thick upon the ground outside, and the donkey’s ears are frozen as stiff as two goal posts. Nowin this country it would be against human nature to expect boys to stop in the house with the ther mometer nearly up to boiling point; in fact if yon tried it they would very gracefully slide through the bedroom window and in their own peculiar slang 11 take shirocco.” 1 speak from experience, for I have tried it many times myself, although I have fre quently, when caught, experienced the dire effects of “ pa’s” remarks, which he used to emphasize in a very energetic manner with a •horsewhip, which he applied with 200; horse power to a portion of my anatomy that I am not at liberty to mention. ' Boys of every age are well known to love the oatede of the house better than the interior, and I do not believe any amonnt of flogging will make them keep inside. When outside a great deal depends upon the kind of company they are in the habit of keeping, for a lad learns more of J the ways of the world from his companions : than he does from his parents, who generally : try to instil good behavinur into him ; but as he finds there is a great deal more fun to be I had when his behaviour is a 'little bit mixed, ! . he naturally inclines to things which aro for bidden to him, and he is not alone in that respect, for I have noticed a great number of full grown people banker considerably after things that other people thought were not good for them. Curiosity is a part of our nature, both as children and adults; the greater the mystery the more we wish to penetrate it, and if these, lads obtain infor mation from their companions that tbeir parents will not tell them they are scarcely to be blamed in the matter, seeing that in the majority of instances the said parents obtained their information much in the same manner. It is also a well-known fact that anything with a spice of naughtiness in it remains much longer in the memory than things better worth remembering. For instance I can call to mind a great many very old people of my acquaintance who gleefully recount their exploits at robbing orchards in their young days, but they forgot all the good maxims that the owner of it shouted after them with regard to the sacredness of property , all that they recol lect about him is that he possessed a bull dog and a horsewhip. Any of these old people would be very indignant if you called it thieving, yet it would be quite true. Others of them are fond of recounting heavy lifts, high jumps, and other great athletic feats which they accomplished in their youthful days, feats which have never been approached by the best modern pro fessor of athletics, and which cause you to smile when you listen to them ; but if you insinuated that they were telling huge lies you would forfeit their friendship for ever, yet you would be quite correct in saying so. My object in mentioning this is to show that these old people were partial to things in their young days .that they look upon now with horror, and what would only entail a birching then would in these unromantic times procure you three months in gaol. There is, no doubt, a great many other things that they did which could not be called by their proper names, but these will be sufficient to show my meaning. With regard to the habits of sw< aring, drinking and slangy expressions used by these lads I have no doubt that they are only superficial and only used when in company with their associates ; when separated from them, or in strange company, they are generally rather reserved In their manner and behave them selves as well as most people. I say this with confidence, for I have had a good many opportunities of observing them, both in company with lads like themselves and otherwise. There is no doubt a great many of them carry on their pranks a good deal too far sometimes, such as chalking, painting and otherwise decorating the houses on New Year’s Eve, but I do not think that they do It from a love of destruction but more from the idea that it is a jolly good lark, as I can ^instance a case of my own, where I had a new “ parliament house” capsized on New Year’s night twelve months ago. I know most of the lads who performed the opera tion, but though it vexed me at the time I could not help laughing afterwards at the situation in which it placed me, and I was perfectly satisfied that it was done for fun and not from spite. If these lads were true larrikins all the police in the place would not have prevented them from tarring, painting, or chalking the houses in Williams town and Footccray on New Year’s night, for they are far more numerous than the police, who, no doubt, do their duty well and faithfully; but the fact still remains that with a very few exceptions the houses in both places were untouched, and when you consider that it has been a practice for many years to inform the residents of the birth of a new year in this unpleasant manner I think you will allow that a great deal of credit is due to the good sente of these lads in refraining from annoying people in the manner referred to. In every country in the world practical jokes of some description lake place on certain holidays, so in tfiis respect we are no worse off than other people. I think that in these colonies the great familiarity which is in very many instances permitted by young women is a very great incentive to looseness of manners in joung men. In this country for instance a young man is introduced to a young girl, who just for illustration’s sake we will call Elizabeth Green. The first time he calls her '* Miss Green,” a month after he has arrived at11 Elizabeth," in another month he haa degenerated to “ Lizzie,” and in a Bhort time after he familiarly refers to her as “ Liz.” I do not mean to say that this is the custom in all cases, but it is in the majority, and I maintain that if he had kept calling her “ Miss Green” to the end of the chapter (except he married her of course) that his manners wonld have been all the better for it. I do not think the practice beneficial to either sex, for where young men are by the social customs of the country obliged to assume, even if they do not feel, the utmost respect for women, the moral tone is con siderably higher, for any advance towards undue familiarity is instantly nipped in the bud by the women themselves, and any young man who persists in forcing his attentions on them will soon find that his own companions will not allow it, for there is something in every young fellow’s breast when he sees a helpless girl insulted, which if he has a spark of manhood in him will make the flexors and extensors of his right arm move like well regulated machinery until he has punished the aggressors. There is among the lads in these colonies a remark able uniformity in the fashion of their clothes, which has a good deal to do with the title bestowed on them, for it is a proverb that “ birds of a feather flock together hence one or more of these youths misbehaving themselves in company with others cause the whole lot to be classed in the time category as themselves. But in this instance it is not birds we are dealing with, but human beings, and I would like to know any one of us who has not when boys caused a good deal of trouble to other people through practical joking and other little peculiarities. If there are any it is time they were angels, for they are too good to live on this earth. I have noticed that most of these lads are very fond of music, and I know of no instance where a musician or his instrument has been injured, even among the very roughest of them. A great philoso pher once said that 11 any man who 'loved music had one good point about him that condoned a multitude of faults.” I may instance the wonderful success of the Salva tion Army among the very scum of Mel bourne, and their chief agent is music, brass bands, hymns set to the music of comic songs and various other methods, which I need not particularise here. Josh Billings says— Masio has charms to sootho a Bavage, R'ad a rock, or split a cabbage. And seeing it is such a powerful reformer it is astonishing that it is not more generally used for that purpose. I cannot say all I wish, for it would occupy too much time, but in conclusion I may observe that I have no smypathy in any shape or form with youths of any class who commit offences against the laws of the country in which we live, but I would make a very great distinction between lads who commit venal offences, such as “ shanghaing,” swearing, fighting, etc., and those who commit such horrible crimes as those which recently occurred at Sydney. The public would call both classes of offenders “ larrikins,” but I am perfectly sure that the first-named class would recoil with horror from the latter one. I am sure from a long experience and observation of the habits and peculiarities of these lads that the term larrikin is grossly misapplied from the all • round and indiscriminate manner in which it is used. : 