Iftoveltet, A TERRIBLE LEGACY. — ^» ? A 6TOBY OF ENGLISH AND AUBTBA MAN LIFE. . ? ??-? ? By GROSVBJJOR BUNSTBB. Aotdob or ' Johk Hobtoh's Wam- ; ' ' Ta* Wat or ra» Wobu- ; ' ' Abel Braolet | ' 'Blood Wimi Tell,' Ac, Ac. OHAPTEK IX. ; (aUrrnrOED.) the cobfcdebitb'b ru-T. : Dronm the voyage borne Id the mail steamer, Edmonds developed a new trait in his, character— ho began to drink heavily. The Crimea weighing upon hia «onl, the tension of hie mind during the abort Australian career, 1 and the firm belief that the blood of Fowler, in* addition to that of Sir Ralph Falkland, stained hia hand*, had their cffeot it laat, oven upon his cations oonsotenoe. The f oroed {motion on board the steamer maddened him, and be eonght relief in the bottle. A man of unbridled passions, the habit crew npon him rapidly, until it thoroughly -mastered him: ?nil hid caution ns jmw ipunwiy aupwyea u- the execution of hli schemes beeame changed to a mad, unreasoning, monomanioal craving lor revenge on all bearing the name of Falk land. ? After hia return to London, Edmonds took lodging! in a street off the Strand ; and set to won: to ascertain all he oonld concerning Falkland. Going down to Devonshire on a reoonnoitering expedition, he heard, to hU- great aarpri«( that the young baronet was in Australia, and the date of Sir Frederick's departure enabled him to guess correotly its cause. He chuckled with aavage glse as he reflected that the shot he had fired at midnight in the Australian bush had re moved the only witness of Sir Baton's nfbr dsr; -and as he pondered over Falkland's fruitiest mission, a diabolioal idea entered his brain. - : He was seated in his lonely lodgings when he idea- first came to him. Copious draughts of brandy had onlyaumoed to stimulate his devilish imagination; and as he realised the lone of his sadden idea, he laughed in a per eot frenzy of delight* 'Hal ha 1' he ejaonlated, 'brandy for inspiration 1 'Twill be glorious 1 Let him return, as he must do shortly, baffled and downcast. And when he goes to Devonshire, to seek a h'ttl* consolation in the caresses of his betrofted-hal hal-he will find her aeadl Bead— and then he will visit her ' grave. Then I will wstoh him, and with a bullet through hia brain end the accursed, race 1 ' The scheme which Was conoelved in the de lirium ; of intoxicated frenzy was matnred when the morning brought sobriety. And thus the strong will *f the man was manifest. Liquor .was with him at this time » passion. He suffered the tortures of the damned until he had satisfied bis intense craving lor the fiery draught. But his insatiable revenge was It sweeter, dearer passion ; and as he pondered over the matter, and realised the laot that a sacrifice must be made one way or the other, lie sprang from his. bed, and swore— he, the blasphemousiiomioidej dared to appeal to bis Maker to register . his fiendish 'bath-Hhat; so help his God, no intoxidating drink should pass his lips until the last of the Falklands nadbeoome a thing of the past. ? And he kept his oath— so' far as retraining . from drink was coneerned. Sternly and reso lutely he denied himself the Indulgence-, though sleepless nights, unstrung nenree, an ? trembling limbs'betokened the agony it oost him.- But at length Nature reasserted her sway— he had gained the victory. Then he set about the accomplishment of his fell pur ? -BOte.*''-'^ -i ? . . ? ? ?? ??? Hebadasoertataed that Oolond and Mrt. . Cotton had taken up thefarreiidenoe at Falk-' lana«ourt;du^g8lrFrederiek'sab8»nce,-ln -;t':WAniita f to;«m6ving ;'-Bow to their own . 5 ,? iouai.-- As the former body servant of ffir .; ? .,i^W^wartolirtjaoqtilrtd a knowledge of eTery.window, passage, and apartment in the mansion, and lie exalted at the thought « .the deadly nse to whioh that knowledge could 1 he j^irttfrt/ a 'Admittance -once gained,' he ? re- fleoted, he oonld -easily rdisoover where 'the .'different inmates slept. One blow with a dagger,'^, trhen'- the right, apartment was reached, mnd Falkland's happiness would be for ever wrecked. ;'v-.'jii- o. ? ??? ?'' '? :? Then he bethought him of a dealer in old . uurioslUes, Uving near the Adelphi, in whose window, ieiaa seen a long, keen Venetian stiletto, just -the weapon he required. Ho ? wentatonceto theAop.andpnrthasedtlie article. Beluming home to completeiis ^ar rangements, ha jostled against » man turn .. ing the comer of Adam-sbeet, An angry A olamaQon was checked on .either side to an tjiaoWaUon dfsnrririseis the men recognised ; ' ' ^anl^if^ltfii* ' ' ? .'-j. ?? ^j^it' ???-?'.?:'' \, ? ' : ' ' '?'. . i^M'Sdrabnasj'-^' , V :'': ''''?' '?''?.'?'?;!'?; '* . ? ?? . '. .-. i ?'Johnson I' '?' '???-: ;'';'''. '? ?' ''? ' ;?'?' V The -very Jnin I w»nt,v wdd *dmbnds^ \- * ^^''OomitliiaimeL'1 ? He eeirM Johnson bvAe ? arm, and iralked jtanidly towards *is lbdg : 'loSfc^^ftrriveofter^lie'rnpauoa^uwand ? ' ft glass. ?' ?' ? ?? -^ ?;? ;j-1J- ;'??'';''.???; ' .. '. rJWnV'.lieBaid.: «I^BMnot!j6Sii;'jimi'T. :- ^rill entjiin'iv)irpresehtly-'*:-^viiatjiavey6u' ? beenloing einS Iwft SngUinfl? .Tpnrahitt . ??.; ?^W^^npraotaiStW- haarnot.'tone;^' ':, . -:-i;^l^ru^ii^|lpk:-^e''*ye;^Oi^^ ?'' ; - ^tSiTO^I^^^^S^iuni-tiMe jSf , : ^ioeBauoiifcl^vmgJStornierpOMesora. ' 'v ? -?Wn^tnil'-T«BiimlH-**r*r'tn*n-w-1'-:' ' trJ'' Edmonds listeneS to Johnson's tale wi V e^Jnwaifl*a«ata-Bon; At ?ait he wW1 ?.'?;? ???'.. ? -»brkfUjr! ; ?:? ??.-.-: ???-??-???-?,'???? -;Vi,i V' ; «Wywwanttocarna*pn»ii-arjonnai?' ;.uDo I?' replied Johnson. 'Do 1 look I 'e it? ' I'd murder forty people to have \ m« handling of that amount ones more.' -'You needn't minder anybody: for it,' re plied Edmonds—*1 that is, unless resistanoe sof(M«a, and wb have to light for it. Listen o .me. I oavty av yoa lenow, jueztlgr o2 money, t will give you ft thousand pounds it you win join me in one night's work, i will speak plainly. I am going down to Devonshire, to murder a girl. She lives in a house of which I know every nook and cranny. My pur pose is to enter at midnight, find her ohamber, and stab her to the heart. Mo hand bat mine shell strike that blow, or mv vengeanos would be robbed of half jU sweetness. Butl want yoa to itand by me; and if any alarm is given, keep'the alarmists at bay until the deed is done. Will yoa doit?' Johnson, with a frightful oath vowed to oin him. ' That is well,'i«aid Edmonds; 'and now to Hi the time. We will go down to Exeter to-morrow, and make all arrangementa as we' go. 01 course' we * most be disguised, If things an favorable, we will biro a couple of fast saddle-horses, ride over to the Court, and accomplish our object. The horses oon bo left outside the house, in a place of conceal ment with whioh I am well acquainted. If all is right, we can be back at the station in time tor the last train to London. II there is a fight for it. and only one escapes, he must make a dash for the bones, pistol one to avoid pursuit, and do his best on the other. If I am taken, and you esoape, you will have the cheque beforehand.' That yon can cash and disappear before anything is known— I shall never peach. If the contrary happens to oc we case, i ray noon you mine same manner for seerety. . Now you know the whole scheme. Stay, the girl I intend to kill is the betrothed of young Falkland, to ruin whom you did that little business down in Yorkshire.' A long .conversation ensued between the two ruffians, in the courses of which Johnson owned that he was both penniless and home less, a state of things bis appearance suffi ciently indicated. Edmonds took him to a dealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him self and Johnson suits of black and other clerical attire. Than they visited a hair dressers;; and underwent a metamorphosis suitable to their new dress. ' This is a rum (tart,' said, Johnson, with an oath and a loud laugh, after they had re turned to Edmonds' lodgings and tried on their disguises. A couple of lambs, ain't we?' 'It's wolfs work we're after,' said Ed monds. ' You may as well stay here to night. Ill give orders tor supper, and you will find the liquor in that cupboard; But don't take too muoli. Bteady hands and strong nerves will be wanted tomorrow CHARTED X. THE rUBSDIT. The day before the meeting between Ed monds and Johnson, Mr, Borneo OufBes sat before a bright fire in the Albany Chambers,, with an open book on his knees. The book was one of that roraantio individual's favo rite ' blood-ourdlers '—being indeed no less a work than 'Tbo Sydney Soalp Seekers '— a fiction much admired in reading circles at home. It is true that the author— evolving s ideas of Australia from -the depths of his moral consciousness, as the German did his description of a osmel— had made the abori gines talk, think, and act precisely like Fehi more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indiana. He had also plotured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by oense forests, and painted, bowling savages ; bad treated bis readers to -bison bunts on the Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested bis supreme knowledge of the ' fifth quarter of this world.' But it passed muster with the gullible British public seeing that it tore the mint-mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. 'Dreadful creatures I' soliloquised Mr. OufBes, as he finished the last psge with a sigh of regret. 'Poor Sir Frederick— what he must be suffering among those savages I It's two mails sinoe a letter came— I hope his soalp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some Sydney warrior. Or perhaps he's fallen in love with some bright-eyed forest maiden— another case of Inkle and Yarioo. Only for the danger, I wish I had gone. There must be some regular genuine sensations cut there.' . Mr. Gnflles must havo been a very exor bitant man if he wished for a greater sensa tion than he experienced -when, just as he had finished his Soliloquy, the door was thrown open£and Falkland entered, followed by Canon, Fowler, and the -detective, while le grinning face ot Tom Grist brought up the rear. 'Angels.. and ministers of grace— I mean welcome, Sir Frederick, welcome from the; kind of bandits and ferooities I' exclaimed Mr. Gnffles, with eyes distended to their tallest extent. V Don't be a fool, Onffles,' said Falkland, smiling. ' Help this young man in with the luggage, and thin take this telegram to the offloo. It in to go immediately. Take this .yonog fellow trith you whsn you go— he is an Australian, and London sights will amuse - him.' ? ' ' - ' ' ' Mr. Guflles, assisted by Tom Grift, wsnt to the' cab. The romantic Borneo could not teep his eyes off Tom.. . . ' '?''Me help you carry him portmanteau, twiggy vous ?' said Mr. Guffles, who muttered to Jlmself,' Why, !he ain't very red for an Indian; t suppose be opderstands English.' ' ' This is one of their foreign flunkeys I've heard «w ihutas talk' about,' soliloquised Tom. : «WeB,I never iii tr/Jo talk their lingo, tut! dare %1 can.' 'tttth^fclive aatior^he^Iieai ' '-,'?? '' ??'' ;'-'?;*' '? V p'poie ' you jsarabbee^iat handle, maw» ; ihovie it'up Soee oh my shbulder;'mo walkee him Wong ail same pieoey feather, j on sabee.' 'Than done it,' thought Tom, with consdons pride' at the sucoess of his efforts, as: Gnttes complied \wltt the regueet. 'I could always talk to the Chinese cook .on the station better , nor anyone else;, and it's plain all these' foreign chaps has the same yabber.' :, ..?.',?.??... .. .'. .' '??'' , -.? The lnggage was soon brought jn, and then iif. Guffles, beckoning, to Tom, said, ' Sou comee now, me take yob see what you ?tare.atTHmoh'funnJr flnjs.™-:'' .' ?' ; ' ''Whatareyon talking that gibberish for?',', asked Falkland, angrily turning round; while' the. detective, who instantly realised Ehe Situation, hunt Into » roar of.laughter. * 'Beg pardon, Sir Frederick,' $& Mr ^Sils 3was'tbo much for, thereit :oi the ^rV.'whb burst into perfect fits otUughter; Tom Grist ;londer than any. . '..'l r . 'wWliy?.«BnIoun'd ySu,'' Bald 'Falkland, when ^ *«onla spedk; ' 'the ' Australian Ihaian.as you call him, speaks Briglish as ^^^otasaf-^better, jetops/'* ,/. , ; u ialj GMles^l took rmTlor a child of the lojjsat^ and rewly/he does speak, yetjf quiMsly, ^iSlSS'iaB-ii I aidh't take you lor a Srenhbj^tiipoke thelkgb toaoootnmodate ^Mr^Me«lf 'the wayl'tollowed ty Tom, who piled out his pipe and lit ft as he walked albng.. ?.???-'???.' ' ?.:???':'?' 'Bear me, this is awful,' said the refined Mr. Guffles. 'An there any streets , in Ans ralia, young man?' ' Oao or two,' replied Tom, oompoaedly. 'And do the paople there—the dvillsed people, I mean— smoke pipes in than?' con tinued Mr. GuiBes. Tom stared at him for a moment, then winked. ' I'm not on, mate,' he said, 'you don't get a rise out of me.' Compelled to anSure the infliction, Mr. Guffles turnod the conversation. 'I suppose you were taught English at an early age? ' be asked. ' Pretty fair,' replied Tom. ' Somewhere about when iiearnt to speak. They didn't try it os before, yen see, because they fancied it might be waste ot time.' ' Then your father was not a warrior— perhaps, a sreat man among ^m peopla— and on were not bom in the forest and cradled iy a squaw, I suppose?' aaid Mr. Guffles, his romance fast departing. u| was bom on the Hawkesbury,' said Tom. ' As to. niy father being ? great man, and a warrior, as you vail it, he stood six foot four in his socks, and could bait any chap on the river. As to cradling, mate, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought up on a station.' Jtfr. Guffles' ideas had by this time received a ssvere shock. Bnt he resolved to make one more-effort, and so he aaid : 11 Are you partial to firewater 7 ' 'Do yoa mean rum? 'asked Tom. 'No, I can't aay I am ; bnt I could tackle a pint of stringy if it was in my way now.' ' Ascertaining that 'stringy' was colonial for' beer*, Mr. Gufflss forthwith entered a. tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insisted on 'shouting' another, and this had the effect ot rendering Mr, Gomes so loquacious that be . soon pnt Tom in possession of his erode no tions respecting Australia. The keynote onee given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding mixture ot romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Guffles was in a state ol gasping admi ration all the evening, and went to bed to enjey what he was wont to style 'a dellolops nightmare.' Next day Tom was eont to the station with Guffles for the remainder ot the luggage, and returned in a high stats of excitement. 'I've eeen him, boas, I've seen him!' he exclaimed, rushing into the room where Falkland and Us friends were seated. Thp deteotlvo was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. ' Been whom ?' asked Fowler. . 'The new chum tramp I' returned Tom. 'The chap as come to Handle the night Mr. Curzon was shot. Such a lark I He was with another chap, and he and his .mate was both dressed like parsons, with black rigs-out and white ohokers. But I spotted him right iff, and dodged him. When I heard him ipeak, I was sure of him.' 'And what did he Bay—where is ho?' isked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's «x litement had produced a similar effect. ' Why, I should My be is far enough off by his time,' replied Tom. ' It was this way, rou me. While- we- Guffles and me— was roming along on the cab from that railway itation— Waterloo Bridge yon call it, I think —I saw this cove's ugly mug. He was walk ng along that, street that's about as long as 3eorge-street and Parramatta-etreet put agether.' . ? ' You mean the Strand,' said Fowler. ' ' Go -n, never mind description.' ' Well, I jumped off the box, and followed iiose behind 'em,' continued Tom. ' They ildn't notloe me, why should they? Then Ibe swagman as was turns to his mate and lays, 'We've got half-an-hour to catch the Paddington train. To- jnorrow morning Falkland's intended brio/will be the bride if death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and lame here like a red*haDk.'j Falkland turned white to the lips, and was ibout to rush out of the room, when Fowler seized his arm. .??Becalm,' he aaid, 'be calm, and leave rtrar friends to aot. Tom, fetch a fast oab Immediately— or two rather. Promise the men a sovereign each it they use their bast speed. Jli. CuTEon, stay with your friend. I wil) have all ready by the time the cabs oome.' When Tom returned with the vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small ease under bis arm. 'Jump in,' he said,- to Falkland, 'Mr. Cm-Eon, you follow with Tom. We can talk when we reach the station.' Away whirled the cabs, at a pace tar above that allowed by the regulations. 'Never mind your number being taken,' Fowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. 'A ten pound note will cover all. I will give you twenty. Drive as fast as you can— it isacate of lite and death.' Various futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, but in vahv At length .the panting horses Brew up in front oftbe station, and the party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately rushed into (he telegraph office, followed by Ounon and Tom Grist. 'A form, quick,' said Falkland to the clerk. ' ' ' ' Where is the message for, Sir,' asked the clerk. ' Exeter, quick, man, I say,' and Falkland stamped his foot In his impatienoe. ' Very sorry, eir,'- replied the. clerk, with exasperating coolness; '.out you sangetno message through to-night. There's Been an accident to the wires, andit will lake some houre to find it Qut and repair it, for there has been a very heavy fall of snow down the line.*' 'Where is the station-master?' asked Fowler, seeing.that Falkland was utterly over- ; come by'thtj last blow. 'I must see him immediately/'' ?'??? ?'?-:? ? ;' '' ?* ? ? ? '?'?'?'? ?' ?? ? The official -was brought, and F owlet ex. plained that a murder had been planned, am iatin the absence of any warning being «ent by tllegrani.TSeadfuT catastrophe must ' Very aotry, «ir,'.repiied the man, ' ibuVl don't see what oan be done. I can't grant a Bpedal train, without authorisation bom a drreotor. And by Jtwe, Sir; here comes one.' Apprtly gentleman bnsMuptotheataUon master, with an air'of importance. ??Beg pardon,8irGeorge,'*aidthe official,' but these gen«smen'w« to a dreadful prodioa-. ment.' And he related the drenmstanoes. 'Dear me,dear«ne,'exolamied the director, 'shooking, shockingl The only thing yon can do isto hire a special train, and that wffl be expensive, fifty pounds at least.' ... ; 'fwllgivenftytimestheamounttoreaoh Falkland Court tonight,' cxolaimea Falk 'Eh^b^i^aik^ Court I Why, bless tne, who is it they jiare :gding to murder at Falkland Court?' ' ' '?'?' \ X 'My oousm Boss,' «ald- Falkland, in a choking vaioe, 'mydsar, dear-Boss, and great Heaven,*Un4hewhdpla« as a child I ' nepWjof-my poorSeJd Jbnead Balph? ' «ald the director. v^'^W«ire. of course yon ate; freoofehleo ^ UkefaassTTHere, 'ThotaaS, i Se^^andmo5Vcmfulmeninthe|iieawith U-Tbe ktnihesr^-biaientleman bustled about, and ttsmaglcef his yweMeJpovB Tery effective. -In half-an-hour * powettnl engine ana-tente.itowmgoiKicjrnage, *|»H»a«itaapBMiif«lty™rieBiajt6m. yowierlootod-at his watdi* and made a mental calcuktlon. ' ' ' ' It will be a near thing,' he said. 'II vt can kespnp this pace we shall reach Exeter a few minutes after the train in which those scoundrels are. Let ui hope for the beat.' He unlocked the case which he carried, and . took out several revolvers. Handing one to each of the party, ho said, ' There is no time for trifling now. Shoot him like a dog if ha offers the least realatanoe.' Falkland said nothing, but there was a glitter in his eyes as he grasped the weapon and thrust it into his breast pneket that spoks volumes. Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver into his belt, and winked. ' I swore l'dietoh that rafldle-faoed ohap,'* he muttered to himself, ' and if it comes to shooting I rather think 111 ha among 'em.' . ' : Ounon, who still wore his arm in a sling, had insisted on aooompanying them : and be, too, mentally avowed to do his bait if it came to a struggle. . The journey was a vary silent one, tor, with the exception of Tom Grist, each nan was .haunted by a dreadful fear, whioh he shrank from disclosing, that they. might be too late after all. Tom Grist looked out of the window, the view being a novel one to him. There had been a very heavy fall of snow, and the country was one sheet et white. The roofs of the honsn as they dished through, the stations and towns on the route were heavily laden with snow. The trees In the open looked, llkn sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous rattle of the engine, the regular dank ot the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back In a dumber, from which he was not roused until the train stopped. Then ho found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning the station master. 'In halt-an-bour ago, sir. Your special had to slacken the last fifty miles, for the trash tall has almost blocked Iho line. Horses? Well, I daresay you can sot them at the Bull. George, run up and order saddle horses— for how many? -Jour saddle horses mmediately. The gentlemen will be there before they are ready. Bad weather for travelling, sir.' Hurrying to the Bull, they learnt that only threo horses were available; the remaining two having been engaged by two persons who arrived la the regular clown train. Not a word was spoken as they waited. An awful sense of an impending calamity over hung tho whole party. It seemed taoitly understood that Onreon, as the least useful of the party, owing to bis useless arm, should remain behind. He grasped his friend's hand as the horses were brought out, and said in a low voice, ' God bless you, my dear Falk land ; may you be in timo I ' On, on, fetlook deep in snow they dashed, the steam from the horses enveloping thorn in a haze. The glare from the snow gavn rafuolent light to show the road, even if Falkland had not known it so well. Tom Grist kept a few pacos in the rear— not that be Was worse mounted or inferior in horso tnanship to .his companions. On the con trary, it was his infinite superiority in both respects that dictated the course he was pur suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed along At the top of their speed ; up bill and down dalo alike. ? It's no good talking to them ohaps.soelng the state of mind they're in,' said Tom to' himself. ' Bnt if them mokes ain't bust'afora they gets to the end of their journey call me a new ohum. Now, this ain't a bad bit of ?tuff I've got aoroes, and I've nursed him up the pinohes. It strikes me that when wo -gets that long avenuo the swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeagle 'em.' Tom's anticipation proved correct. Wben thov reached the lodge tho horses of Falkland ana Fowler were thoroughly blown. Both shouted as loud as they could, and the lodge- ' keeper, half asleep, put his bead out of the window to ask what was tho matter. While Falkland was calling to him to open the gato, there was 'a rush, a dark form rose in the air, and.wlth a shout of 'Follow my leader,' Tom Grist had cleared the park walls, and was tearing up the avenue, taking all he knew out of his horse now that tho roai lay clear before him. Pulling np the animal at' tho flight of Btone steps, bis quick eye detailed an open window. Drawing his revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across the room. Trained by his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, and listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in tho direction of the grand staircase. As ho stole along he heard the faint sbnnd of approach ing horses. Then ho know that his friends were at hand, and cocking the revolver, he pro ceeded, muttering, ' I've got the lead, and I'll keep it. They're here, or the window wouldn't bo open. Ill have the first shot for the honor of Australia. And If I don't (rat a set like a new chum's bundle on that radile-faced ohap, may I never skin another 'possum I ' \-- (TobtCmUnuei.) 