HOW' ROME WILL TREAT AMERICAN PROTESTANTS ONCE SHE GAINS : CONTROL OF THE GOVERNMENT. " The Church tolerates heretics, where she is' obliged to do so, but she hates them mortally, and employ b all her force to secure tlieif annihilation. When the Catholics shall be here in possession of aconsidcrablo majority — which Avill certainly be tho caso by-and-by, although the time may bo long deferred — then religious liberty will have come to an en'd in the Republic of tlie' United 'States. Our enemies say this; and wo believe-, them. Our enemies know tliat we do not/pretend to be better than our Church, and ' in 'wliiit1 con cerns this; her history is/open) to/the'eyes 'of all/'1 They :.know):3hen);;,bow/;;);he 'Romish Church 'dealt with' heretics' in '.the 'middle age's, and how she tieajs , with" tlipin '.i'p-dayj' e v'ery- Ayhefe, where1 . she , baB- the ),pb\\\;er)'. Wo' ,'np more ,thihkVof . denying thesol'ln'stprip .facts tlianvwe do of blaming the .sajh.t8;qf;'&pd;''and ..the princes of the. Church for. what jtboy.,kave done. or, approved in these, matters.!!,.,; -, , . ; I; -.The foregoing brazen, abomination has the ring, of defiant, assurance, andisounds the very key-notes to the contemptible spirit of popery. However, " we congratulate i ourselves 'on its open bravado, and take tip the gauntlet flung at' us aB a challenge -for sober reflection. According; to the blatant boast of this bitter Alien ; "v : heretics .must go !' ; '' . 'And whom does that Mil: Every true American. To take; exception to' papkl dicta tion js, in tho', eyes of Rome, archrheresy) and the independent American is nothing less .than a heretic. -.. To. be -in: addition a Protestant is aroh-heresy doubly distilled, but to be further more" a Z,w<7ie>m, Protestant— is the quintes sence of alkthatcis.'beretically vile. Accor dingly, /7m's " sin " which Rome feels herself called- upon to " extirpate" from American soil, includes not only the confessedly anti- papal Church-element of the land, but all ahtj- papal ' Americans who,' with intelligent Christians, are wont to do their own thinking and are disposed : to persist ' in maintaining their, independent right 'thereto. All' these wlio succumb not, forthwith '/to ' dictational .authority— I' when the Catholics shall be here in , possession of, a considerable majority," must pack their traps and go. Lot him that readeth understand! iv . \- vm : civil bights! must yield. to, romish \-- : i-iiule! ... Rome liath spoken 1 as Pontius Pilate said;: " What have I written, 1 have written." Thus BpnifaceVIII) once for all ' and; ever 'sits dowri on civil independence / and religious liberty: " Furthermore ' we 'declare) say) 'de cree and proclaim to every: human creature, !that it is absolutely necesaary' unto salvation i to be subjected to , .j the Roman ' pope)!' ' ' (In Unam Sanctam. Extravagant, commi' lib. 1., tit.p, c. i.) ' . : In the. papal .Encyclia of Dec. 8, 1864) Pius ' IX. notes ,tlie following positions of our civil polity separation of .Church and State, .the independence' of the -latter . from, thb former,: and '/non-intervention of1 the . State, in- the affairs of1 the Churoh except to quell civil disorder in the latter) to wit : " Tliat thei beat condition of society is that, where 'the' office is not ceded .'to the civil powers' to punish 'offenders of 'the' Catholic .religion with legal' .penalties 'except— the public peace demand it ; " and / ' , " That it is hot within jurisdiction of1 the Church , iq discipline offenders of her laws \- witli temporal punishment.!' . The American propositions the Pope pre scribes as follows : " Hence we by., our apos- ' tolic authority, reject, .prosenbe and,, condemn al l and .eaoh - .. bad , opinions and ' doctrines, which- were s separately , mentioned in this letter; and will : that they be held by all children of 'the Catholic Church as rejected, proscribed, and ' condemned. " ' (Cath. Volk- sztg. Vol. v. No. 38.) e ; / Luther maintained : " To burn heretics is cohtfary to the will of the Holy Ghost:" Leo X. refutes this by papal enactment : — ".Obstinate heretics are to be punished; even though they have safe-conduct. By this < heretics, lose their dignity) though tney be .vkings or emperors. Their houses are. to raze and , their .goods, confiscated, though, they should .have Catholic children. This con- \- fiacation cannot take place or be executed, if the spiritual judge has not first pronounced sentence. The confiscated goods of heretics must bo retained for the disposal of the ; Pope." (Laurea p. 290 titulo : haereticoruin punitiones.) : Slender chances for dissenters before such tribunal; as witnesseth the fate of John Hues of Bohemia, who — preferring the authority of Holy Scripture to papal infullibility--wa8, notwithstanding the safe conduct of the empire under whose assurance he appearod at the Council of Constance,, on July 6, 1415, publicly burned at tho Btake by. a sentence ot . the ghostly iatliers there convened, and; who ; had: persuaded the hesituting. Emperor Sigis- mund : .that, faith;, need not be kept .with heretics 1 which, boing.interproted and applied to our circumBtancos aud tho time " by-ahd- hy " when the Catholics shall be here in possession of a considerable majority"— means, that the oatb of fealty and office Bworn to a Protestant nation need, not be regarded ! When Lnlher at the Diet of Worms, 1521, bravely held out for the independent individual rights of the Christian conscience under the Word, the Papistssought to influence Charles V. to revoke his safe- con duct to Luther, but — this Emperor, more noble in character than his spiritual advisers, disdained to sully the honor of the empire with such perfidy. No credit to Rome for this firmness of imperial faith ! These reflec tions are > legitimate and pointedly pertinent here, for we are directed by papal exponents to judge their character and course in the future by the landmarks of the historic past ; "Our enemies know that we do not pretend to be better than our church, and in what concerns this, her history is open to the eyes of all." So we dip hero and there to refresh our memory and take in popery in brief pan oramic review. We illustrate papacy dorai- nent, and ask : must we go to canossa ! ' Because Henry IV. of Germany maintained his rights of empire, Gregory VII. hurled his interdict : against him, dethroning him from government and disannulling the oath of allegiance on the part of all his subjects. Under dread of the papal ban they stood aloof from the throne. Nothing was left to the now. impotent Henry but . to climb over the ice-bound, snow-dlad mountains in inid-wintor (Jan.. l077);to Canossa, where the lordly pope tarried in the . strong castle of the Duchess 'Mathilde. f Leaving his attendants without the ? walls, , -he 'alone svas admitted into the open; court-yard. Here, clad in coarse gar ments;- bare-headed i and - bare-footed,- lie was kept, jtwaitin'g three days and three nights sueing fori rpa'pal i clemency ; the chuckling pontiff meanwhile regaling himself At the sight pf.rega) (humiliation from the window- casement above.; At length on the fourth day, mo veil. by. the suasive intercession of his fair hostess tho ; -courtly gallant admitted the heart-sore emperor to gracious audience, and .under the most arbitrary dictations removed the! papal ban. Those were golden dayB of papal supremacy. When the exalted fisher men rode , out. iwith crowned heads to the ohaBe, kings ; and;: emperors felt themselves honored to do menial ' service at his serene holiness' stirrup 'and-' bridled1 Then thrones trembled at his' frown, now no potty prince so -weak as to seekihis'protection. He has lost his prostige-in Europe, and looks' longingly hither over the w'aterjr Atlantic for his lone star of empiire. . He' iB even willing to take advice from, Greeley;: and— go west. Bismark said he would not go to Canossa ; Bhall we? From the prosaic present let us, however, again recur-to the -florid past arid follow. " , - rome on 1 the :WAn-path. : - m; -m.Innocent.lILi (fit name for "ithc saints of; ;God,":I) in tho ibeginriingi of the thirteenth 'century u fulminated a! -holyMcrusade of 'ex termination, ' with 'plenary Indulgences, against > the Albigeri868:: of - Southern ./Frarice)! who -Avould- iiot 'listen to the' "vbice/.-of- -that '-gentle -shepherd: /- ' -While the : extirpation of heresy "! furnished a cliu roll ly. ( ! ) pretext for tho carnage, the.prime object seems rather, to have been to deprive Count; Raymond of To- . louse of his broad dominions. In -the sack of Beziersi7,000:humari' lives were destroyed in one burning church, where the aged and weak Thad '.80ught, refugo. When the -perplexed soldiery aBked their, clerical . chief; ;the Abbot Arnold, " What shall we do ? we cannot, dis tinguish the good' from the bad;" tliat ec clesiastical dignitary replied " Slay on, the -Lord will know his own!" The report iof the issue ran thus :. " Our party spared neither ' condition) age, or sex, arid slew, nearly 20,000; with the edge of the sword. The destruction of the enemy was overwhelming, the entire city was plundered and burned, inasmuch as- divine (!) wrath marvellously raged against it." Yes, " She alone has the right to be intolerant, because she alone has the truth ! " But another One says : " The time cometh, ; that whosoever killeth you, will think that he doeth God service. And these things will they do . unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor Me." Hence, at Rome's hands : :i; the carnival of death ' - The Protestants of France had, during the Reformation of the sixteenth century, finally in the peace of St, Germain, 1750, succeeded in obtaining civil recognition and equal, politi cal rights with the Papists. The ' latter, chafing with discomfiture, and faithful 'in spirit to the. church whose "intolerance. is the logical and necessary consequence of1 its, infallibility "—hated these Huguenots " mort ally,',' and employed "all their force to secure their annihilation.'! Accordingly their. Pro testant nobility of the /realm -were decoyed into Paris to the nuptials of Henry of Navarre aud Margaret; sister, of Gharles IX.; -regnant king. On St. Bartholomew's Eve, August 23 to 24, the signal waB given, and the precon certed massacre of "'annihilation'" began. Admiral Coligny, a venerable Huguenot chief, had been especially distinguished as honored guest of royalty ; and by courteous attention all were lulled to peaceful security. Now, at midnight a wild horde suddenly stormod: his lodgings, "in the name of the king," and with cry/ot " murder and death !" broke into -his' sleeping apartment. "Are you Coligny.?-", . asked one. I am," was the calm reply ; -"-Young man, have. -respect -for- my hoary: : head 1 '.' : Then was the foul dagger plunged into -bis breast and- drawn forth) reeking with1 the. noblest blood of France, to be repeatedly buried in his side; neck and body) until, after multiplied cuts and stabs . from the others . also) - the : brave - Admiral expired. When, hastening to tho window, word was given : " Its is: done !" iand the inanimate; body was cast for positive identification to the street below. Then, amid yells infernal and the ringing of alarm bells and the crash of demolished houses, the Huguenot citizens and their guests were dragged forth- and brutally slaughtered. A ghastly morning broke on a horrid night. Streets and alleys were strewn with the mutilated dead. Four hundred had been sacked or laid in ashes; 4,000 Protestants slain. The corpses of many dis figured beyond recognition were afterwards dragged by -hooks into the Seine. The terri ble carnage yet continued for three days, and spread into the provincial citieB. Their chronicles aro full of sickening atrocities. From 30,000 to 100,000. according to different computations, fell victims to Romish fury. The king declared to the youthful Conde, whom he sought to terrorize : " I will in future have hut one religion in my kingdom. The mass or death ! ChooHe ! st. peter triumphant. When the good news of the butchery reached Rome it occasioned tumultuous re joicing, especially in the heart of Gregory XIII. At the command the belle were rung, cannon fired, bonfires kindled, and a solemn feast inaugurated. The procession marched to the Banctuary chanting: "To Deum laudamus ! " A medal was struck by the pope in commemoration of the church's splendid triumph, with the inscription : Grogorius XIII. Pont. Max.. An. I. and on the converse Ugonotcorum Strages 1572 (Slaughter of the Huguenots.) Finally he ordered a' painting for " t ho glorification of the murder of Coligny with this inscription : Pontifex Colignii necom probat (ther pontiff approves the rnurder- of Coligny.) -. '' \- -" american papists hopeful. ' V And -now last, of all: comes the Missouri Valley Shepherd, and A'.D. 1884, cooly adds : " We no' more think of denying these historic facts -than we do of blaming the saints of God and tlie princes of the Church for what they have drine or approved in these matters." American heretics are flatly put in mind of all this and much more." "Her history is open to the eyes of all. They know, then, how the Roman Church dealt with heretics in the mid dle ages) and how she deals with ithem to day, everywhere, where alio has the power)" She- expects to get it here — " by-and-by." Then religious liberty will have to come to abend in the Republic of the United States." Reader : Is that luscious morsel toothsome ? Now :— i - what are you going to 'do (about it? "Why,?1 you say, " what can I do ?'- Let me tell you : you -can; do a great: deal !; ' -If you are a subscriber, you can stop this; paper forthwith for printing this) article'! !Sucli writing will only cause bad feeling,- anyhow, ,and do no good' you know. If youK'pastor -broaches "the subject,' now ' arid 'thon,-'- and warns'against the insidious spirit i of papaoy, iyou can!wince in your seat and look around to see whether there are not Roman Catholics -present'to'take umbrage.-" Thus, right in the midst of the sermon, you, can encourage your faithful pastor amazingly '-to speak out and spare not! You can also grumble about Buch distinctive preaching among the mem- .berB and to your Roman Catholic oustoihors, patrons or constituents.You can go farther;you can tell your preacher point blank that suchpro- eeedings, however true and proper elsewhero, don't suit in i your community, and wont'do where you. must live largely on public pat ronage. You . can go farther still : you can stint your own local land general church in terests, and .bestowiiostentatiously, as a, mat ter, of )bu8iness, jyou iknow,t when Sisters of Charity. tgo; their, regular- round, or when' the season; of-.'ohurchrfairs- flourishes. Be-sure to buy- " just one.ticketf! for the raffle,, and " just comedown and drop in a moment" — it will show that you are liberal! /Give towards building churches and schools) -and found ling hospitals for the training of- ;RomiBh fledgelings. - - Be sure not . to. take a wide awake paper that is vigilant in matters of , Churoh and State, and swerves not from prin ciple, ibut read regular dailies and weeklies that, pander to papacy and . puff Rome, for patronage) . Help' Rapists ; into office -and political power, directly and indirectly, when? ever you can, that they- may feed at the pub lic orib . and apportion : fat contracts among themselves and grow the more insolent the more they feel their keeping. You can-do all this and more of the same sort that /may happen to come handy, and can thus sell your birthright for pottage, and with a halter around your own neck can help the enemy.to accomplish your country's ruin ! -'(iWould you 1 havo; our- country: free, and your children safe from-iRomish.tpils,. fondle not the adder. -Take-a- brave and manly course, a Christian .stand. HBe firm in priuoi- . pie abu, active in the right.- Let truth find in you -her-: champion, and,- keep .shoulder to . shoulder- with, -your! pastor in the i Church's course. Supportithe periodicals that spread light and truth, and-know, that the preached gospel, that broke daylight into the darkness of. . papal night. and, disenthralled from the abject bondage' of the middle ages, is yet . powerful to. protect our liberties and to keep Rome at bay.- —Butler, in American Paper. 