[f BOM OUB COBBBSPONDENTS,] LAues. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-On Friday forenoon last Mr. Alex Duff of this township, met wi£h an accident of a painful nature, resulting* in the fractuie of the right leg a little above the ankle. It appears Mr. D-iff had mounted a, generally quiet horse without saddle or bridle, with merely a piece of rope attached to the neck, and then taken in half hitch fashion round the horse's nose, by which he guided the animal. He had proceeded some distance safely, when the rope slipped up to trfrds the horse's eyes, and he while in motion endeavoured by leaning forward to adjust it. Jftom Borne unaccountable cause the animal eimmenced pig-jumping, and the rider pon discovered himself upon the ground. Tpon endeavouring to Btand he found his jag injured to such an extent as Jo lead to apprehension that it was broken. It appears no other person saw the accident, and Mr. Duff is unable to say how the leg waa broken, whether the horse kicked /Lim in the fall, or he, by falling did it, or /whether the horse after he was down trod /upon the leg. However, it is, I am Borry to /Say, broken. Dr. Fierce was immediately / called and set the fractured limb, which ap I pears to bo doing as well as can be expected. TEBBIBLY. DTJSTT.-Our Btreets and roads aie terribly dusty and disagreeable to travel- lers. ¡Several of the main roads throughout the district have recently been newly gravelled, and until we are favoured with a good soak- ing rain the pleasure of travelling will not improve. STILL THEY CATCH THEM - Mr. C. White, of Dunmore, caught a fine stingray in the Paterson a few days ago. It weighed about 17 lbs. All kinds of salt water fish are said to be plentiful in the Paterson river for some distance above Hinton. STARTLED. - A young gentleman, who j occasionally visits Largs, was returning to Maitland a few nights ago, and was some- what startled while passing the river near what is known as Bolwarra wharf, by tremendous splashing and rushing in the water. Being slightly of a timorouB nature, and that nature being a little biassed by ghost and bunyip stories, his noble steed was requested by a double quick ap- plication of the whip and spur to move along a few knots faster. While he had a desire to know all about the nocturnal commotion, he determined to get it theoreti- cally at some future time-this is according to his own confession. The whole confusion was caused through a very large accumulation of fish (mullet). They gather at night time in tremendous shoals of late, and occasionally a shark or jew makes his appearance among them, and then the splashing beginB. NEEM DI.-The authorities would do well I think to give attention as soon as practic- able to that dangerous narrow spot on the road leading from Largs to Largs ferry, near Card's farm. The public cry has long since been raised upon the matter, and our worthy member, Mr. E. Wisdom, has promised to give it his attention. When the matter was complained of some months ago £100 was passed for this road, but I scarcely think the man who cleared away the rubbish growing along the side of the road got it all. It is said by some that an accident in this particu- larly bad place will stimulate the authorities to action. If it do they will likely forfeit the honor attached to their position. Pres- sure of business or want of cash for the job is doubtless the cauBe of delay-it cannot be the necessity of repair. Largs, 29th Feb. * 