A PEDESTRI-BICYCLE TOUR ALL BR MYSELF. After oiling up, ani seeing all nuts and screws were tight, I turned my back upon Latrobe, and soon was careering along the road towards Sheffield. Past Sherwood the road was irt such a mutilated condition, I was compelled to get off and lead the machine, a proceeding that kept me employed till I reached Raiiton, in fact I got so accustomed to mount and dismount, and so rapid were my evolutions, that I• never knew when I was in the saddle, and when I was out. A halt for a lew minutes at Raiiton, where I tested the invigorating qualities of Mr Tucker's ginger ale, aud I was in the pigskin again. The road now became a little more respectable; and by the time I reached tbe base ot the big hill, it was simply an unbroken stretch of elysium,—in places you could ride ten yards without bumping over a 6tone> I will not imperil my veracity by saying I rode up the hill; it was too risky, my bump of prudence asserted itself, and I walked. Once at the top I soon bowled into the township, just in time for tea, being over three hours coming nineteen mites. The following morning (Sunday) I devoted to my inquisitivsness, fally believing in the words ot Pope, ." Let ns, since life can little moresupply Than just to look about us and to die." The Wesleyan chape! and parsonage^ Yorke & Co's. store, and the two hotels, are the premier buildings, that have any pretensions to elegant architecture. To my view, Sheffield has natural advantages, which, if not blotted out by unsightly buildings, will go far towards preserving its picturesque appearance. On Monday I had the honor to play in a cricket match between Sheffield and Kentishbury elevens, in which the former were victorious by an innings and several runs. After the match we adjourned to the bazaar in the chapel, where we were regaled with a princely lunch, not an early one. Delicacies there were in profusion, and cups of that celestial infusion termed tea disappeared likfe fpagic; so much so, that I felt uneaiy. The pietty waitresses didn't seem alahned though, I fancy they encouraged it I awoke at fve next morning, and at ten minutes past Sheffield saw the last of me. It was delicious riding in the cool dawn ; the Boft stillness, the varied scenery, the sweet floral perfumes and the bracing atmosphere, all conbined, sent indescribable thrills of pleasura through me. After passing Raiiton, I couldn't rise the ghost of a thrill, I arrived in Latrobe st half-past seven, having bad a very enjoyable trip. 