OBOSaBBEBDIWO AND ITS LESSON. Soub very carefully tried experiments with sheop in Franoo, about twenty years ago, quite established the fact that the Biro is most likely to oiproBs his ohoractor whon tho dam is what is termed loosely bred. If tho female parent is very ' pure,' anything, tho fixity ot hor typo oer tamly will conflict strongly with the type of tho malo parent, and may ovorcome it — that, if tho oft repented recommendation of always making a first cross botwoen two distinct breeds means anything, it moans that breedors should volun tarily take the moBt ritkful method of effecting their intentions. It is not true that for most practical purpose*', a first croes is always the best — that is, whore tho two breeds to be coupled aro both of very marked and diverse peculiarities. The success of putting a Dorking cock to game hens lies in both having the same peculiarity ot great fleshiness ; and where the game birds ore of tbo old broad -Ghosted, compact shape, both have very muoh the same formation. But this is not the case with a combination of Dorking with Brahma or Cochin. These ore widely apart in tbo make of their skeletons ; and the Dorking being itself very often a composite bird, the produce, with hens of anything like pure Oriental blood, will probably have far more of the objeotionable Oriental Bhape than of the more desirable English one. In making this cross it will bo best to take for .dams hens of already mixed breed and showing but little leg fonther, and with wider forms and finer bone than pure Oriontal hens display. Above all, hens having any tendenoy to what are terniod 'vulture hocks' should be carefully avoided, either where good laving or good table fowls are sought to be produced. It is believed that tho tendency culled by this namo has been gained by a romoto croas with Japanojo or Chino/o bantam, i e , breeds whioh for conturios have been bred wholly for feathor, and have no single innate inclination to any utoful quality. Ordinary looking Oriental fowls, whether called Brahmas, Cochins, Langshaus, or Malays, may prove of service for crossing purposes ; uuu ixvuo ui uuj' ui lucDO VttdDlJlutl, wuiuu uuro the peculiarities of breed strongly developed, will resist the influence of tho English male, and throw chickons moro liko tho mother in their general character. It is believed that whero the ' mongrel looking ' hens are mixod with other blood than Dorkiug blood, they will breed belter chickens to a Dorking cock than whore the hens are already partly Dorking ; at least, the French shoep experiments proved this, i.e., that the fnot of there boine; already strongly alien elements present in the dam's blood inclined her to accept tho Biro'B oharacter most readily. And the breeding of the famous Aberdeen bullock goes to do the same thing, i e , tkit dams, themselves crosses, are thoio to have the beat prod-.ee, so that the sire be truo, either polled or shorthorn ; and the best ox at the recent American fat stock show nas produced by putting a Hereford eire (0 a da.u already a croas with the shorthorn. The whole of intelligent Eng lBh-Bpeaking people who are ocoupied in holding live Btock of any bind, are becoming interested ia the curious problems involved in crois-breeding. Poultry breeders have it in their power to render highly valuable service in this really moat important' study, whioh involves the whole influence of 'race,' whether in men or in animals. We have happily escaped from the thraldrom of a state of publio opinion which held these pursuits and inquiries trifling, if not unmanly. There is no Buoh a thing as a trifle in any .natter in whioh life is involved. What ever affects life in one Ejection or genus 'ias its i- fluoncn in others. And thoso who atudy how, by coupling birds, to produce tbo best winter layer or the best table poultry, may not only succeed in doing what they aim at, but may throw light on a hundred other curioUB in quiries as well. But, to succeed in oither way, thoy must bj observant of email distinctions, precise in their language, and scrupulously exact. — Piasiio, in the Field. The Stoem at Ipswich. -Tho extreme heat of tho past few days culminated on Monday uftcrnoon iu a hailstorm, which was heralded by violent clouds of dust, and accompanied by thunder and lightning. The storm arose in tlie north-wcat, and travelled rapidly to the north and then to the east of Ipswich. A smart shower and a few small hailstones fell in the southorn portion of the town ; but iu Boms pacts of North Ipswioh, and especially at Bun diraba and in its vicinity, the hnil descended with destructive force. Some of the lumps of ice— for such they were — were of extra ordinarily large porportions. Ono stone picked up in the railway yards measured 7 inchea in ciroumference, and some of those whioh fell at Bundanba were even of greater dimensions. Mr. J. S. Denham, station master at B.ioval, sent ua, on Monday night, several specimens of the hailstones nhioh de scended in that locality. When placed in the sciles they were found to weigh over half a pound, and some of them were of most peou liar Bhape. The ice penetrated the galvanisod iron roofs, and worked considerable destruction amongst the glass windows of tho houses in that distriot. The Btorm also travelled in the direction of Orangefield, the proprietor of which (Mr. J. A. Jaokes) scoured a lump of ice whioh measured 3 inohos long, 2} inohea wide, and 1 inoh thick. ' So far as wo could ascertain, no damage was done to thnt fine orchard, but we are afraid that tho gardens to the eastwsrd of the town did not fare so well. — Queemland Timer. Judo-bs an» Lawybeb. — When the famous Judge Parsons was at the bar, a oiient tent him a written statement of a case, requesting his opinion upon it, and enclosed a fee of twenty dollars. After several weeks had elapsed, and no answer had beon received, the oiient again wrote to know the reason1 of the lawyer's silence. Parsons replied that he had received both letters, had examined the cose and formed an opinion, but somehow or other, ' it stuck in his throat.' The oiient took the hint and sent the lawyer ono hundred dollars. A Hoottish lawjer used to measure out his opinions in proportion to the foe. One day, while dictating an opinion to his olerk, be suddenly stopped. 'By-the-byo, Sandy,' said ho, 'what was the fee in this case?' 'Two guineas.' 'Two guineas ; Ay, is that all. man P Why didna ye tell me that sooner? Go on with the next oiee.' Davy, an English barrister, once had a large brief handed him with a fee of two guineas. His client asked him if h« had read the brief. ' Yes,' answered the lawyer, point ing to the words on the book, ' 'Mr. Davy, two guineas,' as far as that I have read, and for the life of me I can read no farther 1 ' — Town and Country. Too Cohhdiko.— On the1 2nd of April last Albert Smith, alia* ' Blaok Albert,' was (says tho Argus, September 29) arrested in 'Mel bourne by detective M»hony on a charge of having defrauded a German named Sohiller of £350 at Adelaide by means of the matchbox tack. Smith was twice remanded by the city bench pending the arrangements for his extra dition, of whioh Detective Dunlevon had ebargo. He was admitted to bail to appear at the Oity Court on the 17th April, but whon called on on that date was not forthcoming. His biil was firaally ottreated. Ho was next heard of by the authorities about two months ago when he was arrested in Brisbane, on tho strength of tha information of his offence published in the Ficlorian Police Qatette. As Sohiller had by that time left Adelaide for Germany, it was not considered advitable to go to the expense of extraditing the prisoner, and he was set at liberty. Believing that the Viotorian police for the somo reason would not prosecute him further, Smith camo to Melbourne again on Friday, and was arrested by Constable Oahill at North Cai-lton, vrhero it is stated- be has some valuable property. The prisoner was brought up at the Oity Court on Saturday, and remanded until I o-day. It is not likely that ho will bo sent to Adelaide. Tho sheriff has lodged with Mr. Magec, the governor of the gaol, a warrant to detain Smith for absconding from' his bail. Two oountry attorneys, overtaking a wag goner on the road, and thinking to be witty upon him, asked why his fora hone was so fat and the rest 10 lean. The waggoner know ing them, answered that his fore horse was a lawyer and the rest his clients. 