,'FaitIi Purifying the Heart. Br ihn Bsv. b. H.' Sppboeos. » rurifjinstheir heart* faith."—Actsit., 9. "3" BTWcOTHdartemotlo of Fai&'aoperp J tien-how doefiaitli go to work to purify JLi tire heart-'? Observe, dear friends, first, that fa:th believes iti eiu as sip, av.d 'sees .iJio horror of it as an offence againstn holy and gracious God, in whoin faith rictSitly believes. Faith believes in hell, and sees the 'smoke of its torments going up for ever end ever.'Faith be lieves in the 'worm that dieth not, and the fire" that never can bo quenched. Faith, *tho evidenco of thing3 not seen,' plaoeB before the soul in dread array the pomp of that tromendous day when Christ, with clouds shall como, so that tho soul sees sin to^be. an exceed ingly dreadful and damnable thing, and turns to God for deliverance from it: this is one element in the purification of the eonl, • b'o-.t, faith delights to set Christ before the heart and to make it gaze' upon his bleeding wounds and pierced side and marred face. Failh makes hin no dream, but a reality; she causes the soul's ears to hear his groans and listen to his 'lama Babachthsni.' The_soul perceives that when sin was laid on Christ it bruised him sorS and crushed him down, and therefore iho heart hates the sin which slew its best friend, and here is another element which worketh towards its purification. Eaitli delighteth much in tha person, of Christ, and therefore the sots before the sonl his incomparable lovelineis, as the well bcl >ved of saints. To faith Christ is not an historic personage that flitted over the page of history even as a passer-by moves before a camera when an artist is taking a street photo graph, and leaves a dim trace of his having passed across the scene while the picture was being fashioned. Faith has learned to see Christ stand out as the most real man thaterer lived, the fact of tho ages, the focui of truth. Faith touches, handles, embraces, and feeds upon Christ. She has been so familiar with him as to have been kissed with the kisses of bis lips, and she has been filled with his love, which is better than wine, and therefore she 'feels his constraining power and. follows him Faith is Christ's familiar friend: faith is as Jahn^tbat Jieth even in his bosom, and there enjoys his love and pours forth her own. Faith by revealing the lore and loveliness of Christ to 'the soul kindles in the heart a vehement dame of love to him, and .this lire of love be comes a powerful element of purification, for you cannot lore Christ and love sin, you can not feel gratitude for deliverance from evil and then go and plungo into it again. Further, faith has a wonderful art of realis ing her gracious privileges. Faith says to (he man, 'Dost thou not know that thou art God's elect? Tho eternal Father wrote thy name in his book of life before he lit up the lamps of heaven. How onghtost thou to live ? Thou art redeemed, the blood mark is on thee, thou art not thine own, but bought with a price, what a holy life thine ought to be I Thou art precious to tho heart of God, thou art bis Hepbzibah, he doligldc hin thee. Thou art his child, no more a servant, but a son. Thou art Christ's bride; yea, thou art a part of his mystieel holy, thou art one with him-how oughtestthou to bohavo thyself?' Brothers, ristcrs, did yon ever realise any one of theso blessings without feeling that such privileges purge tho soul? Did they not each one of them seem to say to yeu, 'Whatmantcrof persons ought you to be in all holy conversation p"* s<> 6'QC0 Jou Rr- partakers of mercies Faith has yet further a wondrous power of acting upon the telescopic principle, by bring ing near to us the things to come. Hath slio net oycu opened to us • the gates of pearl, and set the golden streets a-glittoring. before our eyhs ? How near to faith's far-scting oyc, oil we felt oar heaven socure, we have groauod after more purity pud begun to put oar shoes frortt oil our feet,' for we liavo felt that oven tho suburbs of heaven, wliero wo then ttood, wcro holy ground. Transported by faith's vision wo have commenced to put on the snow-white robes of tho immaculate. Having this hope in us, we have purified our selves,'oven as he is pure.' O,yo who aro brothers to perfect spirits, coheirs with tho glorified of the crown of lifo that fadoth not away, with angel6 for your tmitors and Christ himself for your older brother, what should bo the manner of our walk and conversation? Wo feel that wo shall never be perfectly con tented till wo are perfectly Inly and ui biameablo and Knreprovablo in his eight. What could rnoro effectually purify the heart than the vision of heave!), which faith presents tons? Suffer me now to crowd a number of matters together, to show you that faith does not merely giro us motives, hut that it really finds us power. X will tell you how faith does this, for I liavo tried it in fighting: aguinst sin. Power is gained hy faith through pleading the pro mises' of God.' Did -you over feel that you could not master a sin, and havo yon then gone and knelt'down and cried;: 'Lord, thou laid, " sin shalt not havo dominion oircr jJI for ye aro not under the la*, but under pi®: lord savo mo from the tyranny "of sin, it now seeks to eiercieo upon mo.' Did ever plead-that other promise, 'I will tuisaR--' hand upon thee, and purely purge awn |)p dross, and tale away all thy sin?1' j|fc you ever cry, ' .T.ord, I will not let go till thou hast taken away my wfe:' end delivered mo from tlio iniquities prevail against mo?' Then I am sorsTO:-" havo obtained help of God. Thai does f by pleading God's own word, gain power |.f,; master ein. Try her racted art. , Believe tiftE' out a doubt tho faithful 1'romiser, and iiMi him to hie word, a word from which hettml: did draw back, and never will,- for he ii nsuifi man that ho should lie, nor the son of a nm|f that he should repent. Faith daringly layeth hold upon the p of God himself. On the strengthqf ■_. ... promise she grasps the divino hand; lbs hut the sacred impudonco, the consecrated ifflpeafp. tinence, to thrust herself near tho throne, st® lay hold upon .God, for she has heard him sjppJ 11 j*f. him lav hold upon mv strength' let him "lay hold upon my strength' "And oh, "beloved, how alio smites the PhilistmaS then! How she lays iniquity low whea oncslj God, tho irrosistible slayer of ain, has corns to her holp. She constrains him to come by Uj. ing hold upon him, and then she routs all her adversaries. Faith brings us real power to conquer sin by applying the blood of Christ. She dots not' merely talk of tho atonement, bnt she delights in it as her own and makes a mEdieino ot it for the curing of sinful habits. 1 ho blood of Jesus is the life of faith and tho death of tin. All the saints overcome through the blood of the Iamb ; we sprinkle it before us, and Imp of armies flee apace. Tho atonement by blood, the literal substitution of our lord, the smirt ing suretyship, the triumphant rightoousaeii and the representative glorification of tho lord Jesus are all great purifiers of the soul,—shop swords with which to smi'c sin. Best happily in him who died for you and roae again, sad you will be strong for virtue, sin shall lous'l power over you. The blood of Jesus is the chief, and, indeed, the only fountain for clear ing; it is the supreme source of holiness, lbs preparation for heaven. . Faith getteth:ri power, for sho plunges us .in the atoning blood which is our life. Faith herself also gives us power against.na by mixing herself with all gospel ordioasosi. £ We read of somo,' that the word , preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard, it.' Faith is a necessary in* gredient to bo mixcd'witli means and ordiaanocs to give them savour and efficacy. "With hearing sermons, attending communions private prayer, Biblo study,.—mix faith. 'Without prescribe ing how much,* mix faith, and tho mors the better. Faith wi 1 enable you to drew the nourishment and essence out of gospel, ordi nances, and so it will make you rigorous; in agonising against sin. Lost of- all, faith rouses tho new man,to intense lesistance of sin. FaitVlike a trumpet wakes up the unsianing new nature to battle; and leads it into tho thick of the fight Did I startle you when I eaid the ' unsinning new nature ?' I said it advisedly, for it cannot sin because it is born of God; there is within this regenor^ts man a principle of divine oirth, • seed which is incorruptible, which will remain and abide in the renewed soul for ever and ever; this seed or principle faith excites into growth and mergy. Faith arouses love, stirs up courage, girds patience with her girdle and perseverance with her shoes, excites zeal and stirs up jealously, bestirs desires after holiness, and quickens tho diligence of devotion, and so it keeps the powors of evil in check and purifies the heart. This is a brief sketch of how faith purifies from day to day the soul of man. I have done when I have said—see, then, to ^ the simplicity and energy of your faith. Be- K: loved, 'as yobavo received Christ Jesus the °r T.ord so walk ye in him.' fis you believe in him unto justification believe in him tossnotifl-. cation. If anybody tells you that you aro to get justification in one way and sanctification in anoi her way believe him not. Jesus Christ is made of God unto us sanctification as well as redemption. Pharisees virtually tiach us that we are to bo sanctified by tho law though }«• tilled by faith ; but wo know bolter. Ineio are twiu covenant blessings, and are not to bs had apart. "Bcliovo in Christ to conquer sin as well as to pardon sin. Believe that the only power which can subdue a base passion in thee is the power which waslicd thro from thine iniquity of old. Trust Christ witli the power of sin as well as tho guilt of ain. Thou needst nob go thrcagh a round of performances in g order to be ' purified in heart, thou | needst not look for a higher life P then Jesus gave llico when thou didst look and i live : there is no higher life, for Be gave thee Bis own lifo. What moro doet thou want than ' tho Holy Ghost whioh quickens theo—what is higher thnu that ? What moro canst thou havo than faith has brought thoe, and will bring thee? Jesus has given t'aco Himself. Didst thou believo in lmh' a Christ at the be ginning ? Didst thou recolvo from Him a lowor and inforior lifo? Oh, shame on thee to flunk so. Thnu didst trust thy soul wholly with Him, didst thou not. and did Hq not give His whole self to thee ? Dost thou mean to say that Lhou.didsl trust Hiin to save theo from hell, and not from sin ? Didst thou trust Him to blot out the past, and wert tbou fool enough to trust to Ihyeolf for keeping in the future? If so, thou didst not boliovo in Him at all, thy faith was faulty at the very core, for Christ must bo ororything or nothing; and if hitherto lliou hast been so foolish as to have half a Saviour, and if oven now thou art look ing for somctlii'g which is not con tained m Him, bo foolish no longor. Go Wlr t,. ft,,. Winninc. and say,'Blessed back to tho vory beginning, and say, BI Saviour, just as t am I. como to thee. Be , I take theo to be nil in all to mo, for *u [ righteousnoss, sanct float ion, and redemp • Doing this thou shall find all in Jesus, an J faith thy heart shall bo purifledf . 