? ? . .-.-.-_.-., I CHAPTER IimL- (CoimnrBBD). I * I ?wish I could induce that queer guest of mine I -jD join me/ he muttered; ' but he's so infernally I lazy, or, as he calls it, limp, in this Nice of Erar I land, he prefers to cuddle under the blankets— I ]?yah ! he's not half a man,' I __ And haying delivered himself of this emphatic I interjection, Mr. Seagxave betook himself indoors I to put en his overcoat preparatory to the walk. I What, however, was his astonishment to find Dr. I Xltzjamea in the hall as ready as himself fora ' 1 couldn't sleep, had uncomfortable dreams, railway smash, nightmare, a fit of dyspepsia, I suppose. I really don'» half like the journey fceiore us to- morrow, so, to get rid of these nasty ?ensacions, I resolved to accompany you this morning on your rounds if you are bo inclined ; a ? horrid nuisance walking, bat it's better than lying sleeplessly in bed.3 So did the doctor explain his tin-wonted appear ance. He and Mr. Seagrave had become fast friends within the last fortnight ', although they snarled occasionally, they entertained many nn nsual ideas in common, and they liked each other all the more for being able to indulge now and ' then in bickering. *? Nearly three we&ts; had passed away einoe Dr. ! Fitzjamus's arrival in Chester, and until yester day the intended journey to Ireland had been procrastinatad by his dilatory f riend, and yet he ?was himself not unwilling to dally in so charming ' and interesting an old city. It was delightful to view the numerous antiquities of the place, un vexed by the tribe of mercenary guides. Mr. Seajf^ave constituted himself the doctor's cice ron§, and he was besides an animated handbook, ever ready to amplify historical legends by cure * This is the second time you hare favoured mo ?with your company before sis a.m. I shall make a note of it, doctor ; and see if it don't adci two years to your life.' ' 1 would be inclined to use my legs of tener than, twice a month at that rate of reckoning, but X don't believe in early risingj in a detestable climate like this ; the tissue requires care and nourishment, instead of exposure to the humid Atmosphere of a damp old city at dawn of day.' Aiter this, the two friends 6alUed forth into the forsaken street), and mounting the steps at the north gate, * whereon once stood a keep and gallows,' remarked Mr. Seagrave curdy : ' Don't you think you could recall something more pleasant for me t.hi« bright beactiial iEora ing ?^ You make me feel ail creepy-creepy, as I was in my nightmare ; let me enjoy this lovely prospect tor tha last time without gloomy remi niscences to -mar the effect.* 'If you want a pretty view of the country, come np here tnen,' returned Mr. Seagrave, lead ing the way up a short flight of steps to a eort of raised platform wiience a panorama of a wide extent was visible, including the esruary of tha riv«r Dee, aad the undulating background of ihe Chwydian hills lit up by the scarcoing rays of the morning sun. ' It was not so peaceful a scene two hundred years or so/ observed Mr. Seagrave provokiagiy, j ' when, after being kicked out of the city &* a ' traitor, Erereton pounded the ?ood citizens with ' parliamentary cannon ball, aijd bespattered this very spot with, the brains of the iioyaiists. ' You are incorrigible, Seagrave. Let your tongue wag as it mii now 5 I don't care, I have had my view.' After thiB they strolled on in silence past the water tower and over the water gate along the vail overlooking the Eoodee. They p&used; to take in the fairy-like scene. The spreading j meadow flecked with flowers cf subtlest perfume, j and bordered by the eilvery Dee, bejond wiiicii Btream rose a tree-crested bank, with here and there a variegated villa. On the left the river was bridged by a noble arch, and on their right was a viaduct for the railway, wnile close at tand rose the grand stand of the f amcu3 race course. Mr. Seagrave was about to describe the miracle or f assion plays which had once been enacted on the green eward below them, when he was ac costed by a professional friend, who, popping his head out of a window of an adjoining villa, oiferod the gentlemen a cup of coiHee, of -which early nAWT*fl.£PA IlO nro.C hi n) bait nniilm 1-i'ii.t ' We stopped to admire your view, Mr. Handle/ cried Mr. Seagrave briskly. ' On a morning like this it is very lovely.' ' Tke view may be all very well in its way, Sir. Beagrave, but to tell the truth I seldom think about it; or, rather, 1 think more about that railway bridge over there. The first thing I do of a morning is to look if it still stands. It will come down some night under a heavy goods train I warrant it. The girders are by no means what they ought to be for such a span ; and, in fact, I hear the bridge is known to be within the cast of a die of being unsafe. See, there is a lumbering lot of trucks laden with shingle for the permanent way ; a train like that weighs countless toxin, and will break through to a moral certainty sooner or later/ ' A prophet of disaster, my friend, is sure to be disappointed. Croaking should belong to some other profession than ours, Eandle. Well, I won't stop now to introduce my friend here ; but, Eandle, come and take 'pot luck' with us to ' Hight, half-past six sharp ; so aw revoir, thou Cestrian Cassandra.' While he spoke, the lengthy truck train passed Blowly out of sight beyond the river, and a pas senger train came into view, advancing rapidly along the viaduct over the Eoodee. Mr. Sea grave and the doctor had turned to go, wnea j their footsteps were arrested by a sudden excla- ' ^nation from Mr. Eandle, 'My God, there' b the smash at last 1' The bridgo was falling in with a crash-like thunder ! The engine still bounded forward and kept the rails; but the carriages seemed wrenched from their connecting links ; snd, together with rails and girders, were precipitated in dreadful rum down a depth of thirty ieet into the river beneath or on the thither bank ? ' JNot a soul — man, woman, or child — can escape unhurt/ cried Mr. geagrave excitedly j 'just hear their agonising shrieks, Fitzjanaes/ ' Come, Seagrave, no time lor speculation this ; let ue cross by the shortast way to eeo wnat we can do to help.' Mr. Eandle had already joined them on the wall. * Please go in again, Bir/ ordered Dr. Fitzjames in his Bonll authoritative tones, ' and get hold ef tk few sheets, lint, if you can nnd it handy, scis eors, and a bottle or two of brandy and Borne cups. Tell your servant to rouse the neighbour hood and to follow with as many doors as they can manage to unhinge/ * Tkat/e practical, doctor ; yes, Fli be with yon in a trice ; you two can help me with the articles you name. Great Heaven, what heartrending cries J We may yet save some lives/ It was, indeed, a fearful catastrophe — a hor rible spectacle to look upon when the three friends breathlessly reached the bank of the river, and beheld a crowd of more or less mangled people of both sexes struggling frantically to. free them selves of the Buperincumbent brosen carriages in the river, or crawling up the bank with dislocated limbs ; women and children Ecreaming with pain and fright, and strong men yelling vociferously for help ; blood gushing from the gaping wounds of some, while others lay gasping on the bank with broken ribs or lacerated heads. One first class carriage which happened to be the last to fall, being next the tender, lay in shivered fragments on the opposite bank; and thither, at tke in stance of the doctor, the friends at once pro ceeded, for already citizens and others were flock ing to the rescue of those plunged into the river. Dr. Fitzjamea had espied a man buried under the dibrit of the carriage, bat in whom life asserted itself by frantic struggles. As they crossed over, these-struggles, however, ceased ; the man had fainted, or w^s dead. After much trouble they managed to disentangle the unconscious sufferer from bits perilous predipa ment/and the doctor immediately Bet to work to j wash tha -gore from his countenance, for an ugly 1 gash Beamed his forehead ; then hs stooped down I again to administer a little brandy, raising the ! head gently and pouring a few drops between the . clenched teeth. * Good heavens 1* ha exclaimed, turning to Mr. Seagrave, * This is Major Catherwood/ 'Mow er» extraordinary. la he badly turt P ? . - - .- ' -, Is it a fatal injury ?' asked Mr. Seagrave eagerly. '1 fear so/ returned the doctor bluntty ; 'hie skull is fractured, and see, his legs are broken ; but we must not despair. While there's life, there's hope. Now, goatlemon, there is not a moment to oe lost. Amputation is his eels chance for life, and that while he is yet unconscious ; another shock to the nerveus system would be fatal. Where can he be taken f 'The infirmary is elose at hand/ suggested Mr. Eandle. 'Look over there/ rejoined Dr.Fitzjames tartly; ' don't you think there are more wounded than there are beds to be filled in the infirmary? What say yon, Seagrave ? Ought we aot to house a, British officer mere respectably P' l tmnk that a pubiic hospital is no place for a major of my nephew's regiment, while I have a roof to cover him/ returned Mr. Seagrave mag nanimously ; ' so, if he can be taken as far as the. town, let us.carry him thare.' j ' I am bo glad you concur with me, Seagrave ; j besides, I can attend to my patient more conve | niently in your house ; my black servant, too, was a trained attendant in a m ilitary hospital, and will bo. invaluable/ 'Then let us waste- no more precious time. Hullo ! you men, bring over that stretcher here/ . This to eorae soldiers on the opposite bask, who hastened to obey. Numberless appliances for the conveyance of the injured passengers were already on. the spot. An army Burgeon, who had wit nessed the accident from the liieas-xeom windows of the castle, had promptly organised an ambn lancs corps of soldrer- bearera, and was himEelf engaged with, others assisting to bandage the wounded, and to remove out of sight the iew wlio had been unfortunately killed. Thua it was promptly decided that the major should be conveyed in hie still senseless condi tion to Mr. Seagrave's mansion; and, without delay, Dr. Fitzjames proceeded to his task o? amputation. * * * ' * # * 'How is your patient progressing this morn j ing ?' asked Mr. Seagrave in an undertone, al though the question was put to Dr. Pitzjaines in an anfce-room to tha Qhamber where lay ihe limb less warrior swathed in bandages, a chatterod wreck, awaiting dissolution as a relief from his prolonged agoaies. Nearly a month had passed since the occurrence of tue accident — a month of continued torture, silently endured, and life was fast ebbinjr away, only arrested in its flow by aa iron constitution. I£r. Seagrave had not visited the sick chamber for some days, content -with, the i doctor's reports when they met at meals ; but as the latter had not appeared as iisual at the breakfast table, Mr. Ssagrave had attended to inquire. ' Sinking fast/ returned the doctor with gloomy abruptness. Then, having taken another look at should pull him through, but a change occurred last night, and now I regard his caee &3 hopeless. Poor fellow, he sustained an internal injury which escaped my notice at the time, and this is now telling against him. When you think of it, a fall of thirty feet to earth in a skivered carriage was naturally more harmful than a souse in tie river, although, as a matter of fact, I believe Catherivood's fellow passengers in the carriage eeciped miraculously/ ' What bad symptoms ha3 he exhibited ?' asked Mr. Seagrave. ' His mind is clear as a bell, and ha has been talking of his undoubted right to the Kingaey earldom. iou mean he s ravins' ? ' No, I said what I mean — his raiad is clear ; . and remember, my good sir, when I repeat to you what he has just told me, that he has no idea to whom he is indebted for h»Epitalitv. He is under the jmpression that he occupies a private ward in the*Chester Infirmary/ 'Quite right, Pitzjames, . my name no doubt would have been distasteful; but why do you persist in saying he aanely claims the Kingsey peerage ?' ' Simply because he is the only son of the un doubted heir. Listen to the story/ But before the doctor eeuld commence the tale, the door was 6of tly opened by Jones, the butler, who entered on tip-toe as into the chamber of death.. 'Please, sir/ he whispered to his master, 'there's a gentleman in the dining-room I'm sure you will like to eo9. He's an old friend, sir, if I may make so bold, Mr. WMtlington, sir, just arrived from Demerara/ ' Oli, I am so giad, you need not now unfold your startling disclosure, doctor, until the 6econd ' undoubted heir ' forms one of your audience ; but come downstairs with me and tell the story in Whitiington's presence/ ' Ho, I must remain here. Go you and greet our friand ; but bring him up afterwards, and he can hear what I have to say. It can't matter much whether that unfortunate wretch inside is or is not the heir — his hours are numbered/ The doctor had, m fact, changed his roora so as to be close to the sick chamber, and hie attention to Major Catherwood f ram first to last had been, and still was, unremitting and severely crying to his own frail powers. Although the amputation had been skilfully and successfully performed, there was constant fear of mortification setting' in, or of other dangerous symptoms, and t&is; restless anxiety told seriously on the doctor. His emaciation was nearly as extreme as after his. illness on the Essequibo; bat the reenporative power was wanting now, and he could not but acknowledge to himself that he was not only too ill to proceed to Ireland for the present, put that he himself required complete repose and atten tive nursing. This necessity was indeed so urgent, and yet so apparently diSeult of accomplishment, that, after a few mental straggles as sat down and addressed his complaint to Mrs. EIringfcon. * My dearest Mab/ he wrote, 'I am really ill ; I don't want to frighten you, but this is s, fact I can no longer conceal. I have no appetite, sleep has become almost impossible,, and I am almost a skeleton — nothing but skin aad bone;, the heart's, action, too, is weak and fitful — you know what that means ! and, in fact, I dare net move in this matter of the will, urgent as it is, and have given op the idea of travelling to Ireland. Mr. Sea grave, at whose house, as I tojd you in my last, I. was likely to remain for some lame in consequence of Major Catiberwoed's awful accident, is every thing that is kind, and I am sure would he as silent as the grave if I had real occasion to dis close our secret; but I shudder at the mere thought of this, at .least for the present. Weald that you were by my side, deari that I sup pose would be too much to expect. As for my patient, there is no hope cost. The mail doestnofc leave Southampton till to-morrow afternoon; I shall therefore keep this open to give you the latest particulars up to post hour to-night? but I do not anticipate that Major Gather wood can survive many hours. Our friend, Mr. Wbitling ton, has arrived { he travelled up here directly on landing. Is it not a strange coincidence that the rival claimant for the pearageshoald be dying I under the same roof P I have not seen WMftlinfr ; ton, but he is coining np hers presently to hear e, ; confession I had from the lips of hiB cousin con- ! eerning hie early lifo.and his claimB to the Kinptey \ earldom. There is no use entering into this snb jecb with yen, Mab, for what sow can iraoh claims amount to P Bendes, j?oq w«nl)J wMroftigr «&dor-; stand the ease. Your letter, dearest Mab, re ceived this morning gave me infinite pleasure. I am so glad you miss me at every turn; but I* have no time to comment on these cherished per sonalities. Your news about the Grey trial is most startling ; will he be hanged I wonder P And the poor Bauretts 2 I was eo shocked by your revelations concerning them thai; X have not yet brought myself to speak of this matter to Mr. Seagcave. But who and what is Miss Madeline if the Barretts are not her parents ? Surely Captain Seagrave will not demean himself by marrying a young woman of no parentage in par ticular ? If he be so foolish (and you tell me he is determined on it), his uncle will most assuredly found a bishepric or build a cathedral, and not a ? penny will be left to him. I was ready to plead tor our mutual friend w.hen I learned how wealthy his uncle is; but when I found that the old gentleman had already made up his mind in Deiamere's favour, I forbore to press the matter. E«a.iiy yea ought to warn him of this, and tell him plainly chat he will forfeit everything by his folly if he persist. Kow I must 6top and look at my patient; I hear him groaning. Good-bye, dear Mab, aad. if I make you miserable by the sorry account I have to give of myself I cannot help it. I am seriously unweU, and my mind is much better than my emaciated body. ' Ever yours, J. F. ' P. Si — You know that in my last I told you of the rumours of war in Africa and the likelihood of West Indian troop3 being- employed there ; but what do you think I see in The Ttbces of this morning. ? Thai war lias actually broken oat on tiis coast 01 Africa, and that Beverai detachments of tho West Indian Eegiments have been placed under orders to proceed there in a traosport waich bails in a few days to pick them up. 'Will this uffeet you, dearest ?' The doctor's black servant, like his master, was iu constant attendance on Major Oatsherwoott; but as the latter did not appear to reiiah the darkie'a presence, the poor man had to sit in the background iu the embrasure of a window. Wicn this servant's assistance Dr. Fitzjamea now bolstered up Major Catherwood more com fortably, s.nd moistened his dry lips with some soothing sjrup which had instantaneous effect, for he closed his eyes gratefully and murmured his tiuuiKe. The doctor then withdrew, and he was in the act of addressing the envelope of bis letter when his hoet and Mr. Wtitlington noise lessly entered the ante-room. ' It's impossible for us to talk above our breath in this room,' remonstrated Mr. Seagrave, after the usual greetings were over. ' 1 vote we retire to the library. From what our friend Whitling1 ton tells me, the matter is of far more importance than I at first contemplated.' ' Well, as 1 think toe major can spare me for a few momauts, I have no objection,* returned Dr. Fitzjaaies, and thither they went. ' And now, to bs brief, this is what the manor told me/ be«an the doctor abruptly, when chey had seated fhemseives in Mr. Seagr&ve;'s snug library, ' and remember I must ask to be listened to silently. Comment on my sfeary as much. a3 you please youraelvfi? after 1 leave you to return to ki.3 bedside. Cabherwood. as I call him, is a native of British Ouiaaa. Hie father's assumed name in that colony was Fleming, and he was a wealthy planter. Mr. PiemSng exiled himself, it seems, to procure ia vL- ne, ir spared, sufficient funds to buy u» the mortgr&gec; on the Eingreey Estates, to whien he was the heir-apparent. But before he could claim his right to the property he ? fell out with his son for contracting a foolish, marriage -with some young lady of tbe place ? * ' Madeline's mother !' interjected Mr. Whitling ?ton irrepreasibly. Dr. Fifzjaraea looked for a moment utterly amazed, but he (juieJdy recovered himself, and proceeded with his huraed narrative. ? The father and son had a terrific row, and . young Stanley was turned out on the world pen niless and disinherited. Before leaving, however, he managed to get hold of some documents prov ing his connection with the Kiagsey family, and in particular there was a bundle ot letters written j by a sister to her favourite brother on the eve of j his voluntary banishment. Thi3 sister of his j father promised in one of these letters th&t;, if j erer her brother had a, eon, ehe would gladly re ceive and educate him. She had herself married late in life, and was never likely to have children, she eaid. To this old lady young Fleming at once presented himself on arrival in England, with some plausible tale to the effect that he was sent by his father to ask her to redeem her pro miae. Accordingly she adopted him, but en the strange condition of his total change of name. Even Stanley, as a prefix of the Kinsaey family, was objectionable in lier eyes, and to this change of! name the younj* fellow oiEered no objection. Al though a lady in her own right as tha daughter of the last 2£arl of Kingsey, this ecceatric person never called herself anvTJiint» hut Mrs. Cnthor wood. Her -husband had boen ia business in-; Liverpool, and she still carried it on, although, j the old geutieinan h%d been dead upwards of & \ year when. Stanley Fieoiing turned up. The.! young scamp was not equally complaisant about] taking to business, whleb. is what his aunt ex- j peered he would adopt as hie walk in life ; on the j contrary, in a very short time lie induced his aunt to purchase a commission for him. He lodged for gunpowder and glory, and he found it in India, and afterwards in the Crimea ; but mean time & commercial crisis took place at home, the , investments of a lifetime were swallowed up in the failure of several houses with which Mrs. Catherwood was financially connected, and in dis gust and despair the old lady yielded up the ghost. Accordingly, instead of being able to effect an exchange for the purpose of escaping a tour of service in the West todies, Catherwood had to go out with his regiment. He had pre viously learned of the departure of his father from tho colony, but he was afraid to make any special inquiries, or refrained from other motives. For one thing he was afraid lest his deserted wife sheuld tarn up; and, moreover, he looked for ward to marrying the bells of Georgetown, the rector's pretty heiress/ 'His own daughter, byjove !' cried Mr. Sea- grave disgustedly. The doctor was not diverted -even by this re mark, but went on : ' However, he vigjtsdBerbIcc,,to see once »ore the home of his caildliood,.and then, impelled by further cariosity and, as he now confesses, wtta the foil intention of^ejiroji&g; the ijecoad oi hi& marriage, he visited the J&ssian; House where the eerembny hajTbeen* performed, And foonjl ten his amazement taat-his purfosecrorime had iaea,: forestalled/ 'But here, is $he indisputable witness of thsfcj .rite/ exclaimed WMtui$gton triumphantly;] * Here's a ring which wasi!! doubt not, in our* family for centuries, since' it bears the crest of- Another branch, and with this ring he did .her! wed — I mean Madeline's xnpther/ * That certainly is astonishing/ remarked Dr. Fitzjames thoughtfully; 'and it would be only fair to the young l^dy if we can obtain his acknowledgment of the fact presently. There is not much time to lose, let at teM. yon, and our negligence may be compromising to Miss Made line's interests/ 1 ' But you . have not yet explained why he did 1 not recognise me at Georgetown, or how he in 'tended to push his claims/ observed Mr. Whifc ilington. ' (10 u eomUKlTSDj^ 