THE LADIES' PAGE. NOTES AT THE EXHIBITION- By Ims. No adequate estimate of the exhibits at the Intercolonial Exhibition can bo formed by the casuat visitor who contents himself with sanntering leisurely through the building and merely glancing at the most conspicuous objects which meet his idle gazo. And many individuals of this type are to be seen anjr afternoon or evening amongst tho numbers who visit the exhibition. These are tho people who try to " kill time," though eventu ally time must kill them; but at present their chief aim in iifo appears to be to amuse them selves somehow or other, no matter bow, so that tho hours pass quickly. Any one with a taste for studying human nature will fiud amplo scope for observation at the exhibition, 03 at any other plnce where people congregate ; in deed, I may safely assert that a keen observer of his own species will be almost tempted to forget tho exhibits in the presence of stronger attractions in tho way of human studios. Tho individuals to be seen there daily form such a heterogeneous assemblage, and present in many coses such marked contrasts to each other, that one would be very unobservant not to bo struck by the fact. In addition to the " time- killers" there is another class which might aptly bo designated " butterflies." Theso latter are generally of the female sex and young, and mny be known by tho way in which they Hit from one exhibit to another, as though they were bees or butterflies and each exhibit a flower ; and now and then when anything striking or out of the common attracts their attention, they utter little shrieks of delight and appeal to their friends to confirm their admiration. Then there is the conntry farmer who has come to see the machinery and all relating to agriculture, and means to see them, instead of bowing to the wills of hiB wife and daughters, who are anxious to see the ladies' court first. No such gimaracks for him, indeed ; he is intent on the more substantial exhibits, though later on he may be found critically scanning some of the preserves and fancy work which present such powerful attractions to the female members of his family. And, regardless of listeners, he declares that there is no tomato sauce tliero to bo compared to that which his " missus " makes, whereupon a bystander suggests that perhaps ho gets too much sauce, rit which there !b a general laugh from all within earshot, while tho " missus " looks daggers at tho utterer of the remark. Quite unabashed, however, tho jovial old farmor goes on to extol the virtues and housekeeping capabilities of his wife and daughters ; and much to the amusement of his auditors and the indignation of the young lady in question, he gives his eldest daughter a vigorous slap on the back, and declares that he will baok "his Jess to scrub out a house as well as anyone, besides being able to play on the 'plan ner,' for didn't he pay 10s. a quarter for her ' laming' for three quarters!" but it is not the people I have to describe in this article, let us rather visit the exhibition mentally and take s few notes of what is to be seen. Tho most enjoyable time is at night, when the building is ablaze with electric light, and when the light on the summit of the dome forms a "beacon bright and fair" which may be seen for many miles around Melbourne. Let us suppose it is Saturday evening, and as there is a concert by musicians from the Blind Asylum announced for eight o'olock, we had bettor go early, so that wo may explore some partB of the exhibition beforo that hour. Though wo do not belong to tho " butterfly" class, but rather go in for careful inspection of the exhibits, we shall not have time to do more than examine a very limited space. To the right of the nave are the wine and beor exhibits, but it iu not to see them that we are directing our footsteps thither. Beyond them is a largo space devoted to refreshments, a long bar running along one side, but wo do not wish to stop thoro oither. Here is our destination further over, little marble tables and cane chairs are dispersed about the floor, while immense tree- ferns stand here and there among the tables, giving seclusion to the different parties, and adding much to tho appearance of tho placo by their feathery fronds which look so fresh and green. Here wo may obtain our tea, another long counter being devoted to tea, coffee, cakes, tarts, &c.; .While Bitting here, indulging in " tho cup that cheers but not in ebriates;" wo call to mind tho continental tea gardens of which wo have read so much, but which as Australians it lias never yet been our luck to see. Oh ! for tho cap of Fortu- natus that we might take a trip to foreign countries as easily and expeditiously ns the possession of that article would enable us to ; ljut it is of no use wishing for impossibi lities ; as wo have finished our tea lot us iu- stead make a tour of the exhibition. This time, I think, we shall commonco at tho left hand side near the grand organ and explore the space between it and the ladies' court as far as pur time will permit. Hero are some blind men from tho asylum making brushes and baskets, and beautifully they make them. It is hard to think that those two men are blind, for while they nro working they appear to be looking down at their work all the time, and one of them while cutting the canes. for his bnxkot seems to be mensuring their length ffitU iijo ejfo, Hpw«v«r, whoa ffcoy tprq their sightless, orbs, and yon thoroughly realise that they are quite blind, pity fills your ,honrt, and you oxporionea a feeling of wonder at their contented, patient look when they are denied the inexpressible blessing of sight, and can enjoy neither tho beautiful flowers nor the cheerful sunshine except by other Bonses than the one which I think we should value most. Next to them ib a kind of stall where all Boris of articles made by tlie blind are exposed for sale; there are. brushes and brooms of all sizes ; all kinds of basket ware, besides knitted and crochet garments. Further along two young men are selling mechanical toys, principally miniature trains, which they sot in motion on the floor, much to the delight of any children that happen to come this way. These squares, .of wood whioh they aro also selling contain a doll's ohair, footstool and rocking chair, , all cut out of the one piece of wood, and the puzzle is to replace all these articles so as to appear to be the solid 1 block. Tho next stall, which belongs to the Brunswiok Pottery Company, usually attracts . many spectators, as two boys are employed in turning out flower pots, jugs, jars, tea pots and : other usoful articles. Passing a number of' trophies of Koumiss, Elk polish, &o.;, models oil apiaries, beohiveB, huge blocks of beeswax, and' heaps of incongruous things which wouldinterest our old friend the farmer more than us, we reach what does interest us, and that is. tire sweetmeat stall, where yon can purchase'; your favorite weakness in the "lolly" line.: Close beside this is the glassblowers' exhibit,' whero a young lady, the centre of a .crowd of admiring observers, is manufacturing the most delicato little baskets and other fancy' gloss ornaments. It iB very interesting to watch them assuming the different shapes under her deft fingers. Two jets of gas almost meeting aro directly in front of her, and while Bhe works some sort of apparatus with her feet, in her left hand she holds a little basket of transparent green and white glass,' her right hand holding a long stick of green glass. This stick she holds a moment in the flame, and when the end is melted applies it to the basket and forms a sort of bead of melted glass in just the same way as if it were sealingwax. By this means she forms a little pattern of beads round the edge of the basket, which when they harden are clear green. Now let us go on still in the same direction, and we come to a number of most beautiful beds, tho hangings of which are a credit to the workers. Tho first is hnng en tirely with fine linen trimmed with bands of very narrow crossway tucks and .handsome embroidery. There is everything for a bed room in this Bftme finely tucked linen, for besides the pillow cases, bolster slip, valance and other bed hangings, there are a toilet cover, a cbvor for a round table, another for an oval table and chair covers. The amount of finely executed work in this exhibit is almost incalculable, 'and ' must have employed the industrions worker for an indefinite period of time. There is also on this bed a handsome patchwork quilt, which is the evidence of much industry. The next bed we camo to is, like the former, a half-tester one, and the hangings in this case arc of tapestry 200 years old, and conse quently of great value. Tho tapestry, which is very heavy, shows the sort and amount of work that our great great-great- grondmothers used to do. The pattern is one of large scroll like designs workod in dark green wools oh a sort of cream colored twilled ground of very thick material. The patchwork quilt on this bed !b ono of the most beautiful I, hove ever seen, consisting entirely of small diamond shaped pieces of satin, silk and velvet round a handsome centre of plush of several colors, The patches, though diamond shaped, are com bined with black velvet so as to form stars. Beneath this quilt is another which is quite unique in its own way, and would servo ad mirably for a travelling rag. It is composed of alternate squnros of black and grey cloth, the latter being of two shades, and each blaok square bearing a spray of flowers worked in crewels. The effect is very pretty and de cidedly uncommon. Here is another bed with the hangings entirely of crochet. Instead of tho curtain - like drapery round tho top 1b a deep hanging of crochet, with a beading of orochet roses alternated with blue satin bows. The valance round tlie bed is of fine guipure work, while tho quilt is a knitted one, So you see the ex hibitor's talents are not confined to one form of fancy work, and well may she be proud of lior handiwork. The next and last bed we coino to is hung with pink satin and fancy cord, while a quaint patchwork quilt attracts attontion by its uncommon design. It is divided into squares, upon which pieces of all sizes and colors, and of no definite shape, ap pear to have been thrown, many of them over lapping. The edges of each piece have been buttonholed, and the effect is like that of some Japanese piece of work. The number of patch work, croobet and knitted quilts is something wondorful, and many of them lire really beautiful. , If they are all tlie fruits of the industry of our colonial girls and women, it is very palpable that they know how to employ their time, and that thqy aro the possessors of two great virtues, viz., industry and patience. A large table cover worked by Miss Kate Keppel, of Morysville, is a credit to tho worker, who is only seventeen years of sge. It is of black cloth, and has a wido border of sun- fiowcrs worked in silk, while at each corner is a largo spray of colored flowers. Here wp (p in tbe History dop&rtmont;( iwfl there is so many things to be seen here, that our remarks cannot do them justice. A splendid collection of stuffed birds and birds' eggs by Mr. T., A. Forbes, I.eith, are well worth care ful examination, and must have taken years to collect and classify. But for careful classifica tion and immense varioty look at the collection of eggs and lepidoptera of all kinds by Dr. Lucas, of Emerald Hill. It seems almost in credible that there should be such a collection anywhere but in a museum ; there arccasc3upon bases occupying an enormous quantity of space. Although a Victorian, I never beforo had the slightest conception that tliore was such 'a variety of Victorian lepidoptera as that shown by tho exhibitor. His collections of .South Facific and foreign lepidoptera nro equally complete, and some of the butterflies are per fectly exquisite, especially the blue ones, which range from the palest tint to the deepest shade of sapphire. Among the caseB of eggs belong, ing to this exhibitor is an emu's egg carved by an aboriginal with different grotesque designs, Passing on to tho shells, we can do nothing but admire, as we nrp not learned in conchology ; :but, thanks to Mr. Flatoiv, who has amagnifi- cent collection, we learn some of their beauties. He shows us Venus's bouquet .holder, and her comb, and all sorts of BhellB with descriptive names. There is one which when hold tip to the light presents the appearance of a beauti ful flower of n delicate purple hue ; another when held up by its thin end resembles a green ifig, while a third has hieroglyphical marks on it which might pass for Hebrew characters. We aro also shown some sholls brought from New Guinea by Mr. George Ernest Morrison, besides shells from all parts of the world. An enormous piece of sponge in the form of a goblet has been given the name of Neptune's ; goblet, and seems a fitting vessel for that , monarch to drink out of. A Queensland alii-' gator suspended overhead looks a rather for midable creature, while a suit of New Guinea armor which stands over in a corner also looks anything but reassuring, The armor is mado of coarse cocoanut fibre, and would bo impervious to most- attacks I should think, while the helmet and war mask, which aro of wood, are hideously painted. A necklace of largo shells and a large oyster shell suspended at the side as a medal complete this elegant suit. Let us now make our way to the back of this court to the Old CurioBity Shop, which I am sure is full'of most interesting relics. The very name recalls the residence of little Nell and her poor old grandfather, rendered im mortal by Dickens, who kiiew so well how to write of people and places. He describes the original old curiosity shop as " one of thoso ; receptacles for old curious things which seem tocrouohin odd corner!) of this town (London), ;aud to hide their musty treasures from tho public eye in. jealousy and distrust. There were suits of mail, standing like ghosts in nr- , mor, here and there ; fantastic carving j brought from monkish cloisters ; rusty wea pons of various kinds; distorted figures in china and wood and iron, and ivory ; tapes try and strange furniture that might have been designed in dreams." Here, of course, the curiosities aro classified and arranged instead of being heaped confusedly I together; and then a curiosity shop at an ex hibition is'slightly different from the house of ; a- dealer in these things. Soarcely knowing what to look at first, we atop at what is labelled the "Spanish or Iron Virgin," an ' article which recalls to our minds all the terrors \- of the Inquisition. It is an iron arrangement large enough to enclose a human being, and is lined with spikes, which when it was closed ; penetrated the body of the .victim it embraced. The top, which is open, was so placed that water might drop on the victim's head, and so render him raving mad. The very sight iof such an instrument is sufficient to. make one's flesh oreep with horror that there should over have boeri a human being fiendish enough to invent such a mode of torture. Here is a more pleasing curiosity, in the shape of tho plough that turned the first sod in this land of ours— Australia. It presents a rather ancient appearance, . but I am sure it is prized by the exhibitor, Mr. Henty, as it deserves. Here is the original bonnet worn by Dandie Dinmont, rendored so celebrated by the author of Wa eerie;/. It is like an enormous Tam o' Shunter cap of coarse woollon material, with a tuft of scarlet wool in tho centre, and is now in the possession of Mr. Hugh Lonnon, who shows several other interesting oxhibits. There ore a great many newspapers, pictures and books of groat age, which are very in teresting. A copy of the Tlme.i dated 22nd June, 1815, contains tho Duke of Wellington's despatch concerning Waterloo, and a fragment of tho Weekeh / Neives is dated Munday, 31st January, IflOG. Some birthday oards dating from 1783 to 1817 show that: tlie custom of sending them iB not a VBry modern one ; but I fear that wero it not for their antiquity the specimens would not bo much appreciated at tho present day. Au ancient map of Gor- tnany, dated 1730, and a Bible dated 1727 ore both in a ' good stato ;of preservation Considering their age. An interesting exhibit is a map of England done by an Oxford lady ; it was commenced in 1K0S and finished in 1 810. It is worked in colpred silks on very fine canvas, tho names beiig dono in cross- stitch, while all ronnd the loop is worked a scroll-like wreath of flowers; I A doll, 10 years old, is rather a rakish looking cjkl ladyjtho ticket announces that Bhe' has'-not leon 'dressed since 30 years ago; Sho has coltainly taken care of her clothes and complexion! and though; not by any raenua tlio pink of nei taste, .she would not give you the idea of having been so many years without "performing her, toilet. Among Bomo interesting autograph letters i3 ono from General Garibaldi— as well as two from Lord Lytton, one of the latter giving a detailed list of his own workB. Among some Abyssinian relics of King Theodore is a papyrus, supposed to have been written in tlie time of King Solomon. Portraits of RubenB arid his second wife, by himself, make'them both appear very young, espeoially the wife, who is afresh looking, brighteyedyounggirlin aquaintoldhat. An ex hibit that oauses much amusement is entitled " Klatsmhgeige," and consists Of tho life size wax figures of two women with their hands in the stocks. They are stauding face to face at a very littlo distance apart, and their hands ; aro firmly fastened in tills wooden arrange ment almost on a lovel with their chins. This contrivanco was used to exposo and cure ; women of fighting with each other, and they were kept in thi3 position till they became . friends. Rather a difficult matter I should think it to become reconciled in such a manner. Two interesting book3 nro an old Bible in the Irish language, and a general Gazetteer or Geo--' graphical Dictionary, dated 1812. There are pictures and papers innumerable belonging to the early days of these colonies. One picture represents the arrival of the first gold escort in Melbourne, while another gives one a good' idea of early Melbourne. A view of Sydney Harbor taken about 1700, before the settle ment of tho colony, is shown by the Misses Coghill, of Coghill's Creek, Victoria, who also exhibit a list of the early squatters, and the first subdivisions of the runs. A picture of Buckley discovering himself to the early settlers represents him clad in skies of beasts, witli unkempt hair, long beard, and generally wild appearance. A large three panelled screen covered with pictures of colonial life is well worth inspection ; the pictures are so well arranged, and interspersed with a great variety of fancy scraps. Some of the scenes represented are the interior of the Exhibition of 1854, the exterior of the present Exhibition building, a natives' corroboree,. Buckley and the early settlers, a bush courtship, discovery of gold, tho old and new race, and a number of other interesting scenes. There is a large collection of colonial pamphlets, and some of the earliest colonial newspapers ; for instance, two copies of tho Port Phillip Patriot, dated 1839\. But I think we have seen enough for to-riigbt, for a few hours in the Exhibition are decidodljr fatiguing physically, though not mentally. For, though we may feel sorry to leave all theso attractions, tired nature calls for a rest; so, charming Exhibition, wo wish you farewell for the present. 