THE BLUK CHAMBER. A small parry of ladies and gentlemen dinner in the spacious grounds uf an ancient The -**»*/i- of the* tmuisioD stood wide open. The eveliiiij; lireest*; whiblverCil and rustled through tlie branches of the bnge lindcus, iJit* bluwlMWd crw hmeur and ioniser. ink-hlack *-cocath the leafy roof of houglis, lighter od tiie patches of turf. full of btraniie. rnvbteriou^ sounds ; the e*-ft lireczt- floate«l iutii the doors, tiearing Mith it the heavy franintc of the flowers. In the .'atheiinc dusk, tlie iiieuibers of the croup cokM scare.-ly «^- oicii other. (.'.mvti-s.iii'-n Inuinubiiol. passing froyi subject to *u!«;*vt ; uo mw geemed inclined toentor nj^m a Wnjnliy di^u-sion. Sn.'.denly .ine ??! tl:o*|KU-iy 'ke^u to relate eveuinK like tlits. 'llie plan wa» suurovful. Sewnd talf- followed ; hut the \\.nmg embrace. She coald not endure Candidate Holfit*f- way of taking these stories ; his dreamy veil in which she wrapped herself. | tie was a medical student and had wit- ; nessed many sirnil^r things in the hospital. It was owing to sickness acting upon dif- : fcrent individuals. Either the patient, ! when hia imagination was excited, mistook I ft toweL on which the moon was ship*'!*, ] for a phantom, And the shrieking of the wind in old houses for gbostlv cries and the d*-'k of chains, or the whole affair was pure hallucination. A person in healthy normal condition, never saw ghosts. The whole party opposed hLs view. There | was Bnrely some truth at the bottom of all ; thoa^ biles. There wx*re a thousand thingB I which oould not be explained by natural | Anna was warmly seconded by Hoist's | younger brother, Victor, who had 'arrived at the bouse with him that morning ; though he was influenced more by courtesy to the pretty young girl than because he really felt any fear of ghosts. He cooJd not bear to have his brother appear to place himself in such contemptuous opnoaitiou to a pair of such beautiful bright eyes, bo he fought a stout battle against hisowu convictions. *' The history of 'such things,' said the candidate, ' is contrary to sound sense and reason. They are miserable relics of the dftT^Tifxna of the middle ages, which c»t only check progress. It would be an ut terly idiotic proceeding for dead folk to walk abroad and terrify the living. Tra dition carries such tales from generation to generation, and if not subjected to severe scientific criticism they retain their vitality and are believed. It ifi the same kind of superstition as that which rofkps ample folk afraid toait thirteen at table. Innine cases out of ten nothing happens, tmH there isn't even one person who thinks of the matter. In the tenth, perhaps, one of the company dies, whioh. is certainly in accordance with the course of nature. Instantly it is said : at table that day.' So the Bupertftataoa ob tains nourishment for a long tune* No thank God, the fresh breeze of knowledge will sweep away all encb things like dank nnvholesonie fogs !' *? Yes,- we old people must be pardoned,' the mistress of the house gently interposed,' ?♦we don't come so much in contact with the fresh breeze of science as perhaps we ought. W« live, they say, wholly in tra in an old manor like this. It is very diffi cult to release ourselves from the ideas in which we were reared, and which our an cestors believed. I am fax from being what is called superstitions; I have never been in contact with these strange spirits — yet not for all the world would I sleep in the blue chamber.' 'The blue chamber?' cried the whole party in tones of astonishment. ' Yes, we have here, as in so many old manor Ihhhhw, a room that is said to be h»nnrtftd. ftf&ny; hundred years ago a 'tun was murdered there, and since then the ghoste have taken possession of it- The servants t-*11^ of strange sounds nn^ irighfo ; none of them like to pass it after dork.' ** I was sitting *hi'*rfng that I *fr'nM be delighted to occupy a real haunted cham ber,* said Hoist, quietly. ' It is a sin to have it remain unused forever. Perhaps I can help to dispel this foolish superstition, for I am convinced I shall sleep undisturbed.' At first toe mistress of the house would not listen to snch a plan, but when the whole party urged, and Anna clasped her arms beseechingly around her neck, she at last yielded. Anna thought tie scheme wonderfully interesting. ' It u really terrible that you dare ven ture. Candidate Hoist,11 she said, 'but I bnpeyou will look really frightened when you come to breakfast in the mornine.' After supper the whole party went to the ** blue chamber,' which meantime had been put in order to receive the guest. Every corner was examined with the utmost care. The atmosphere was somewhat oppres sive, though the windows were now open. The room was seldom ventilated, and the half mouldy air took the liberty of stealing In the furniture and curtains. It had evi dently always borne the name of the ' blue chamber,' although the thick carpet was now faded. The furniture was very scanty, but whatarticlee remained were old fashioned. While time had transformed everything else in the ancient manor, making the stiff carved chairs give way to comfortable arm chairs and the old chimney-pieces to tile stoves, thie room seemed to have preserved its former appearance. It was delivered over to the spirits of the past ; no one liml attempted to drag it into the present. An article that retain tta ancient character, was the hnjre exquisitely carved four-post bedstead, which occupied a large portion of the room. The apartment was the last in one wing of the manor, looking out upon the grove, but ao near the ground that a person, by the dis play of some little ability, might climb up. 'It is no impossible,' said HohA, after a through examination of the chamber, ' that the nocturnal noises mentioned may have been made hy vagabonds, who settled themselves here for a comfortable night's rest. Victor, do me the favour to get iny Eustols ; they are in my traveling satchel ; ut don't meddle with the triggers, they arc Ioade-L' Victor went away with a light, and soon after brought the pistols to his brother. The latter primed them freshly, pot on new caps and laid them on the table. ' Now good-night, ladies and gentlemen I wish you all as comfortable rest as I ex As they all went out, Victor whispered to Anna : ' 111 answer for it that he shall be thoroughly frightened.' The door was locked, and Candidate Hoist remained alone in the blue chamber. The sound of footsteps and voices died away. He listened at the door, but all was still. Going to the window, be stood there a few minutes, looking at the grove. The soft night breeze stirred the leaves and branches. Only the nearest trees could be dimly djirtingniffhftd. Beyond, all woe dense impenetrable darkness, for there was neither moon nor stars in the sky. '* It's really very rare to be free from Madam Lnna,' said he. -'she is so fond of intruding and playing the spy on sensible folk, spite of drawn curtains. For the rest this is an uncommonly comfortable room. Probably not one of the whole party will lave so good a bed to lie in as my lucky self. ' So a man was murdered here, and for the sake of this legend the room has now stood empty hundreds of years. If one horrors — but there's no trace of anything of the sort. What m^tchi*?*' power super stitiou has, even in our enlightened days ! I shall consider it a good deed to drive it from this comfortable stronghold.' Lighting a cigar, he paced to and fro smoking, then walked around the bed and closed his eyes with a half shudder. ' How timidly die young girl, Anna, is pressing her pretty face against the pillow at the thought that any human being durp? to sleep in the blue chamber. She wont even venture to put out her night-lamp for fear of seeing the frightful white shape that must speedily come up here and destroy While thus soliloquizing he undressed, opened the canopied bed, and resolutely pTtingflfah^'d the lamp. There was no sound in the room : only it seemed us if he could hear & rustling noise like crickets and a mysterious ticking, as though the famous death-watch was under the carpet. He lay listening a moment, heard the night wind sigh through the trees ''* the great clock of the manor strike 11, then he fell asleep. At the end of on hour he suddenly started up in bed, having heard a sound like the opening of a door. A strange, ptmddflriftg sensation ran through his limbs as he stared fixedly into the room A'^ beheld a white form moving slowery towards the bed. Terror overpowered hir', but the next instant he regained his coolness and shouted in a firm voice : ** Who's there !' No answer, but the »^prw- remained standing in the middle of the floor. ** Who's there? Answer, or as sure as I live ni fire,' he cftil*^ again, cocking his pistoL He was once more the quiet, cold- blooded physician. He haA surely heard the creaking of a door ; it must be a man, a rascal a murderer perhaps, but no spectre. Yet, spite of the pistol a warming snap, the figure did not move. *? \Vho goes there f* be called again. Still no sound disturbed the silence of the The physician stretched out fr»*» arm and fired. A flash of light £Uumined the dnaky ^amV and the report shook the old ta pestry. Scarcely had the sound died away when a burst of discordant, jeering, fiend ish laughter greeted him, and something hard struck his forehead. It was the bul let Seised with terrible dread, he fired the other pistol at the motionless white form — again the frightful laughter echoed through the room and the bullet fell heavily back on his own breast. With a loud shriek, he sank down on the bed. The form glided noiselessly out of the EarJy next morning while Anna was watering her flowers, Victor came up to her. ' Where is your brother V she asked. ' He isn't up yet, poor fellow. He has had a terrible fright.' ' What was it?' ' If you'll promise to keep silence, FU tell the whole story. To revenge myself on him I played ghost, first frakiug care to draw the ballets from his pistols that he might not use the weapons recklessly. Wrapped in sheets, I visited him, and threw the balls back at his head when he fired.' ' Nothing could be better !' exclaimed Anna. ' But promise me not to speak of it. Your mother might be vexed and he himwlf must not be undeceived.' 'Trust me, III be as mute as the grave.' The physician did not come ; breakfast waited in vain. At last some of the gentlemen went to wake him. He lay with his head stretched over the edge of the bed ; his mouth wide open, his eyes were starting from their sockets and hia hair was white as chalk. Life had vanished. His discharged pistols were found by his side. One week after Victor was taken to the insane asylum. — Every Othxr Sal unlay. 