CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Yesterday morning thre-tened rain, but held offtiU'aU tho horses complete I their work. Tho course proper is only open on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday to trainers, consequently little fast work was indulged in, and the iuner track, wuicn is heavy in places, was the one principally pat- 1 ionise I. Higinbotham wss the first to put m an appearance, having jnst arrived from Baliark j with Mr. Wallace's horses, fueled off wuh Don Quixote, sendiug him a cqhe < of rounds at medium pace. T"is bona Iher.J'ery strong, and will improve. LeGrandandtiapn are m blooming condition, the big champion going by himself four times on the inner track a good canter, palling : np vory fresh. Capri, one of the best lookiog | horses on the ground, strongly resembling Cahma in appearance, to whom ho is nearly related, both being ty Yattondon out of Mandragera and Lon- ! don L'ride, full sisters, did similar exercise, also alone. Eglinton. a 2-year-old by The Drummer, in sweaters, and Tissue in, the same stable, went together three times ronnd at a smart canter, both going very strongly at the end. . Connolly's long string next took posse sion oi the track, and Veritas, Friendless, Syphon, II id- ' night, Angler and Queen Bess did long »Jow work arparately. Rowe had out Nonsense and Chester fiumoorst trotting, the latter being engaged in the Kindon Harriers' Cop, and having more than ' an outside show for that event. Polestat and 1 Young Angler also exsroissd. Batty sent Yatolp |.fiTe times round at slow pace, and gave Ontario irdod tfork; tbitf horse is very hearty, polling .. ddabte. Dewirer, Malnno in the saddle, in' tho same stable, wont a good striding gallop, taking two fences without tnuoh effort after going twice round. Umborlo was tbo last cf Datt>' a to do exercise, tbe chestmit looking rer? well, going once ronnd at half pace. . Mr. ft. Davis a Cameroo and Dargo went twico round at a good bat, they former going an other mand by herself at an improved pace, and anxious to g» farther. David and Ditto tho» trotted and cantered tho reverse way for three rounds, when tboy canned to tbe proper way, and went a round and a half fast, David, on the outside, holding hack'for his companion when tboy finished at tbe back of the c urse. Jones's lot went qnictly, Melodious First Pop, Violet and Lizette doing slow work, also Coriolanns, who cantered four times round; Sir Samuel and tbo Bohemian did g od work, with a spirt home. J (4 Boid's Norfolk, Tho Ghost, Nuncio and tho U ick Bnrra Bum did modorato canters, Eobinson'a Cupola, aC>inI« field Cup candidate, went in great bucklo, and Mefry KenelU did a servicoihlo twice ronnd. Beresford, a jumper, did slow work ; Kingfisher, J. King np, doing the same. Kchert, from the same stable (F. Deng's) eoing slowly. Heywood sent Spartan somo asoful work throe times round, and Gildcroy, with Allan np, looking nono tbo worse for his Klsternwick Park win on S iturday, went four ronnds on tho outer track in grand form. This comploted the morninc's work, which wad not of a very exciting description. 