NORTH-WEST WIMMERA NEWS. (From our own Correspondent 1 liillimur Norih, February 7. ISS1. The weather during the past week has beea all that could be desired, and harvest opera tions have, after the long delay caused by adverse climatic influences, been at length almost brought to a close, the farmers who have not jet finished stripping being few aad far between. The results of the unfavorable weather that has been experienced at inter vals during the year are now becoming evi dent, and the conclusion arrived at must be that although in many oases considerable loss has resulted to individuals either fro ja actual loss of wheat or from deterioration in value of the sample, caused by bleaching or other injurious means, yet the average yield for the whole district is not likely to be reduced to any appreciable extent. Wheat' carting is now ia fall swing, and the various roads from Victorian terri tory to Custon and Wolseley present a very lively aspect, teams of all sorts and sizes being met with at every turn— from the bullock waggon with its strong and farreach team of eighteen and twenty horned quadru pedsand its^oadof fifty bags or more, downjto the poor struggling 'cockatoo's' two horse dray with its ten or fifteen bags. As a con sequence, the stacks at the above-mentioned places are beginning to assume large and in creasing proportions, Messrs. Grice & Co. beicg the largest purchasers in the district, while Messrs. Dunn & Co. and D. Matheson, at Wqlsely, &c;, and Fry& Co., atKaniva are also in tbe list of bujers, so that price* although low are sot depressed to an excessive degree through lack of competition. Messrs. J. Dunn & Co. have just finished the erection of a mill at Wolseley, and a trill of the ma chinery was made last week with satis factory results. It is expected that the present week will see operations fairly started, and as a large wheat stack is already in the mill yard, and is being added to at a rapid rate, it is not probable that operations will have to be suspended for lack of materials for a long time to come at any rate. The township of Wolseley is rapidly assum ing such proportions as to convince the most sceptical that, whatever the opinion of out siders may be, the residents themselves have every confidence in the future of the to wn. A large store which, as far as the size of the building and the extent and variety of the stock is concerned, would be a credit to a much larger town, ha« just been opened by Messrs. Lambert & Gribb, and Mr. Berry 8mlth is also erecting a commodious store. Considerable additions have been made to the Wolacley Hotel by Host Klngdon during the past few week*, and an the Town and Country Bank Intend enlarging their (remises at an early ditto, and m a good many other buildings cither are, or will lie, almost immediately in oounse of erection, a tew months will make a very ootuLdcrable difference in the aspect ot the town. The protperity now inaugurated It, unU- KS something unforscea occurs with regard to railway or township matters, likely to prove lasting and permanent. The second meeting of the Mallee Land Board was held at Dlmboola on the 1st instant, and was eminently successful. About 169 applications were dealt with, of which 109 were recommended and 31 refused. In the case of eight allotments a division was effected, the applicants taking half each; three applications were withdrawn, and no appearance was entered in five cases. The total acreage recommended for lease at this sitting was 384,000 acres, whilst at the Nhill board the area dealt with was 362.009 acres, total to date 746,000 acres, which amount will be divided amongst about 200 lessees. The new tenants are of the most desirable class, being in the majority of cases either men of considerable means or practical farmers, many of whom are from neighboring colo nies, whilst some few of the applicants are ladies of means residing in Melbourne. There have been a great many more applica tions for the land than can be provided for, but the duties have been so well carried oat by the board as to gain the entire satisfaction of the Minister at the head of the department, who has telegraphed his approval of the manner in which the work has been done. The first work that will requite attention at the hands of the new tenants will be the de struction of the rabbits and other vermin that infest the mallee, but with united effort ib is almost certain that tbe pests will be kept within due bounds, even if not completely eradicated, without a very large expenditure of time or labor. The saving to the Govern ment from this source will be considerable, as therabbit-destrovinir narties. who now cost the country about £10,000 per annum, will be discharged as soon as the new tenants enter into occupation of their land, and the work of ^destruction will be more efficiently per formed at a very much reduced cost. The next meeting cf the board is to be held at Donald, and it is expected tbat pretty nearly the whole of the mallee in that locali' v will be taken up at that meetiag. At a meeting of shareholders of the Dimboola Gold Prospecting Compnoy, which was formed for the purpose of prospecting some country in tbe Wimmera from which good specimens had been obtained, it was resolved to wind up the affairs of the company and return the balance of tbe first call after deducting ex penses to tbe. shareholders. The reason assigned fcr this action ie th%t tbe capital of the company (£500) was totally inadequate for the purpose of proving the ground, and as an application for a portion of the annual prospecting vote resulted in an offer from the Government of a grant of £100 only, it was thought advisable to relinquish the attempt. It is a matter of regret that the affair is to be allowed to lapse, as thia portion of the Wim mera has always been considered non auxiforous, and had the sum offered by the Government been sufficiently large the matter would have been decided in one way or another; and h&d; the result been the establishment of a new mining district the revenue and ths district would both have profited. At the meeting of the Horsham Borough Council on the 5th instant, a schedule was submitted showing the works that would be carried out by the funds obtainable from the proposed loan of £10,000. Amongst the items is an amount of £1,€00 to be expended in the erection of the borough chambers, while the sum to be spent ia road construction is £8,000. Several members of the council were in favor of increasing the amount of the loan In order to cover cost of construction of a tramway to McKenzie's quarry, which tram way, it was contended, would offer such '? increased facilities in the carriage of the stone j required in connection with the proposed road roadworks as to effect a saving of about £2,000. The consideration of the matter was even tually postponed until the following Tuesday. A meeting was held in Lillimur North on the 6th in&t.; to consider subjects of local and general interest, respecting which it; has been felt for some time past that action should be taken. Mr. Joseph was elected chairman, and in opening the meeting stated that it had been called for the purpose of considering three subjects. 1. The border question with special reference to the facilities that the present state of affairs offered to aU who felt disposed to escape from the liabilities they had incurred in the colony by crossing the border. 2. The permit system at present in force between the two colonies. 3. The telegraphic rates charged between the border towns and any office in the adjoining colony. All the townships along the border and in the district had been communicated with in reference to these questions, and in every case the gentlemen written to had ex pressed their concurrence in and sympathy with the objects of the meeting. With re gard to the facilities offered to absconding debtors to escape payment of their liabilities it was a matter in which all were directly or indirectly interested. In a new district like this, when farmers took up land they were bound in the great majority of cases to ask the storekeeper to assist them by giving them credit until they could dispose of their produce, which the store keeper was quite content to do. There was a claw of men, however, who took out a selec tion without even the intention of trying to cultivate it, but just got as much credit as pos sible from whoever would trust them, and then crowed the border and defied their in jured creditors to touch them. The result was that the innocent had often to suffer for the guilty, and the man who really was bona fide was suspected, and perhaps refused credit on account of the wrong doings of the die honest man. All must agree that the system was radically wrong, ana would have to be abolished. The present system of allowing goods to cross the border under permit with out payment of duty, if for use or consump* tion within twenty miles of the border, was a wrong one. Some four or five yean ago. before there were any stores in the district, when the settlers were compelled either to send come fifty or sixty miles to Dimboola for their goods, or to procure them from the South Australian Dorder townships, it was quite right that such a concession should be made, but now that there were townships and stores in all directions such a provision was quite unnecessary. If other goods were admitted under permit machinery should alto be admitted, bat it was not at present He did not think it just that people livisg within twenty miles of the border should be allowed to escape payment of duty, while any . one living twenty-one or any greater number of miles away should be compelled to pay the extra amount. It was also very doubtful whether permits were always iuoed when goods were . crowed. The only officer at the border was not really a Customs officer, but only a stock inspector, wbiltt if the provisions of the agreement were properly carried out it would require the services ot Pour or five men to see tbat tb*y were attended to. In the matter of Ulf graphic communication, he thought some arrangement thould be made by which the rate* charged for transmkttag messages from tbe border townships to the various «tattoa- is the other col«ny should -b« reduce 1.- ? Ooa tic'eit.bit c;tvi;«»Un ik-.uid,«t,J u #*jfi_-»Uy decided that a deputation, coasisltae of Messrs. Joseph and Kozminsky, should pro ceed to Melbourne and lay the views ot tbe meeting befoi e the Ministry, aud endeavor to get some action taken in the various matters as «oon as possible. The establishment of a Court of Petty Ses sions at LiUimnr North has been decided upco, and as tbe new police-station is com pleted. Constable Boarke havine takea pas se s&ion; l&fct; week, it is probable that all caws of petty offences or of debt, &c;, will, at an early date be settled in the township, aad conitqurntly the expense and loss of time tbat the n-ost trivial cases entailed, when all tho parties to a suit had to travel a distance of tbirty-two miles to KhiU, will be dispensed with. The police-station is a commodios building of six rooms, with good station ac commodation and a detached lockup, s- formidable portable affair constructed of heavy timber bolted together by strong iron rodf. Deputations appear to be the order of the day just now. In addition to the one from Ldllimur North referred to above, it is alto proposed to send one front KbiJl, to explain the views of the Loraa Shire Council with respect to the pro posed annexation of a portion of the Wim mera shire, at tbe enquiry to be held by the Minister of Public Works in Melbourne, at an early date, when the question will be decided. — A new and commodious post and telegraph office has just been completed at Kaniva. Tbe building was erected to tbe order of Mr. Duogey, and is a decided im provement on the premises in which the busi ness has been transacted in the past — A windmill has also been recently erected at the public well in the same township, but owing to tbe great distance the water has to be pumped (210 feet) the strain on the machinery is found to be very severe. It la hoped that when the mill is fairly ia work irg order, and the stiffness usually attendant on the starting of new machinery has worn off to some extent, it will be found equal to tbe woik for which it has been procured.— A malicious act cf wilful destruction of pro perty was perpetrated a short time since near Kaniva, on the farm of Mr. Rich. Tffeuiy aeven bags of wheat had been left in the field at the various heaps, which some evildis posed person cut open, a good deal of the wheat being scatteredabout the ground. The offender has not been discovered. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide con ducted divine service at St, Clement'a.Churcb, South Leeor, on Friday afternoon, February 8th. The text was taken from the 42ad verse of the second chapter of Acts, and his lord ship, after describing the coming of the Holy. Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and the con dition of the early church, earnestly and elo quently impressed upon his hearers the fact that the principles and actions set forth in the text applied with equal power to the chorea at the present day. At the conclusion of the service the bishop recrosaed the border to Wolseley, and on Saturday left to continue his visit to the South-east. 