The Spirit of the Blue Mountains. \--------- BY THE MAN WITH THE WHITE HAT. "Percy, it's all nonsence. Give up playing Don Quixote. Remember you live in the nine- teenth century. Go back to England, my boy. Take an old man's advice, and don't fool away your life in pursuit of a shadow. Go back." "Well, Hunt, I'm beginning to think your advice worth following. I have searched through every town of importance in the colonies, had the best detectives in the country to help me, em- ployed " Missing Friends Agencies," and yet no trace of Uncle Henry, his wife, or child can I discover. Report generally seems to agree that my aunt and cousin died many years ago, and that poor Uncle Henry himself laid aside his troubles and his life together about four years since. Indeed, a man in Sydney assured me he saw Mr Langford buried, and even showed me a nameless grave that he avowed was his." "Well, what better proof than that can you want?" "True, the evidence all points to the death of the whole family, and yet there is a doubt left in my mind." "What doubt can there be ? That the man is dead I feel sure, and even if he were alive I should think he had had enough of a world which has used him so ill, I am not sure he would thank you for bringing him back to it." "That is the point, Hunt, if he be alive. If I could only find him, what a weight would be lifted from his life. Could I but tell him that his honor was stainless, his name cleared, his- ; but I will not weary you with the old story, we two shall never agree on this subject." "No, that we shall not," said Hunt, shortly; " so let us waste no more time in talking about it, but get on with our sport." Many years have passed since the two men who held the above conversation lay lazily stretched on a soft patch of ferns, protected by the interlocked boughs of the tall gum trees from the glare of the noonday sun. The smoke of a camp fire curled slowly up to lose itself in the intense blue sky. A couple of dogs lay at full length by a little stream that murmured slowly along, their red tongues protruding, and one fore paw ever, and anon lazily raised to brush away the troublesome flies that settled on their noses. Two blacks pottered about, one occupied in removing the remains of a substantial meal; the other in cleaning up guns, and performing other light duties in a listless fashion that was partly to be excused, by the heat, but principally by the fact that it is contrary to the nature of an Australian aboriginal to bestir any of his muscles to the least extent, except those which move his jaws. Turning to the two friends who lay smoking and resting after their meal, we see that there is some difference in the age and appearance of the two. Percy Langford, the younger, was a young fellow of five-and-twenty, a well-favoured lad enough, at whom one might or might not look twice, according to tastes; but at the second glance most people were struck with the frank honesty stamped on his good-natured, open countenance. Some time back Percy had arrived from England on a special mission of his own, and had at last found his way to his father's old friend, Walter Hunt, a squatter of some impor- tance and who now lay by his side. Past the meridian of life, yet Hunt was strong and hearty, and many a bigger man would have thought fit to stand clear of his arm when his blood was up. But Hunt was a thorough speci- men of the "John Bull," and though for mere argument's sake, would frequently contra- dict whatever might be said, he was a very lamb in mildness. He had hailed Percy's arrival with delight. " Knew him at once," he declared; though Percy was in his cradle when Hunt sailed away to seek his fortune in the strange southern land. Whether or no, Percy's welcome was a warm one, and genial Mrs. Hunt, a fair, smiling matron, with no children of her own, was never tired of hearing the young man relate how he had come to Australia to seek a long absent relative, whom all but himself had given up for dead. But Percy, as a boy, had been Henry Langford's favotirite, and never forgot him ; so when Lang- ford disappeared, and shortly afterwards his wife and infant daughter went too, Percy for a long while would not be comforted, and was always vowing that when he was a man he would go and find his uncle Henry. And when the boy came of age, and they told him the story of his missing uncle, adding that he and his were dead, and con- gratulating him on his accession to the property, Percy's cheek flushed, and his brow grew dark. "I would never have believed it," he said ; "nor should you. I will not rest until I have found uncle Henry, and told him of his unstained name, or had proofs of his death stronger than mere report." So, leaving the estates in proper care, Percy had set out for Australia to look for Henry Langford, utterly regardless of those who said he was going on a fool's errand. As we have seen, however, his search had been fruitless, and the young fellow had almost de- termined to return to England at the close of his visit to his friends at Lithgow, as Hunt's station was called. On this occasion the two friends had taken their guns and gone out for a day or two, that Percy might see some sport, "unfettered by licenses and trespass boards," as Hunt phrased it. They had spent the morning in shooting on a long creek running for miles into the hills, and not a few duck, snipe, and waterfowl had fallen to their bag. Now, having gradually ascended higher and higher, and deeper into the great ranges, they had reached the borders of a wide plateau, and were enjoying a pipe and a chat after their meal before starting off afresh. "Come on now," said Hunt, springing up and shaking himself free from the dead leaves which clung to him; "come on now, you lazy young scamp ; you've smoked long enough." "Right you are," said Percy, jumping up with a laugh. " What's your programme for the after- noon?" " Well, we'll go round among the rocks, and try to get a wallaby or two, I think. We may as well camp here, and when the moon rises to-night you can knock over 'possums enough to make a rug to take to 'merrie England' with you, and cheer the darkies' hearts with the prospect of a good feed. Very likely we shall find some swans in the evening too. Here, Goolwa," he went on, addressing one of the blacks, " you been see 'em wallaby?" " Me see two, three, four, fi," grinned Goolwa counting on his fingers. "But," and his face fell, "one fella' 'white spirit' frighten all fella' wallaby, and him all run away. Baal boodgery ' white spirit.' " "Oh! get out," said Hunt, contemptuously¡ but the black struck in with "Baal me tell 'em, lie, boss; white fella1 bncceen-" " That'll do," said Hunt, impatiently ; " bring the guns here." " What does he mean by the * white spirit ?' " asked Percy. " Tell me the yarn, Hunt." "Pooh! there's nothing much to tell," said Walter, with an unbelieving smile. " Only these fellows say something of a spirit -which haunts the ranges about here, sometimes in the form of a woman, all in white j sometimes as any animal you please, but always white j'and, strangest of all, sometimes as that marvellous animal all tho blacks talk about, and no one has ever yet seen the ' bunyip.' She is to bo seen flitting about between earth and sky, and the blacks have a quaint legend which, freely translated, woiúd run thus: "Whoe'er shall stop the white lady Shall straightway meet his destiny. Of course it's all humbug, but so they tell it." And Walter strode off, turning round and shouting out instructions to Moonto, the other black, about camping, and bidding Goolwa follow. "Well," said Percy, laughing, " I should like to stop this spirit of your gum forests. I might meet my destiny ;" and the young fellow hastened after his friend. Years afterwards, he often thought, curiously enough, of those lightly-uttered words, though at the time he attached nb importance to them. The af tornoon. woree on with varying sport, Percy in high spirits, though the hot sun often made him long for tho cool shade he had so re cently left. Towards sundown he somehow found himself separated from Hunt and the blacks, and I hearing no answer to his shouts, resolved to try and find his way back to the camp alone. After i walking about half-a-mile in the wrong direction, he suddenly heard, a low whine, breaking into a I prolonged howl, which was quickly taken ur» in chorus and echoed in a most startling manner. Percy looked up, and- saw, just ahead of him, what appeared to his untrained eyes a pack of wolves. Had he not been new to the Australian bush he would have known that the animals before him were neither more nor less than native dogs, than which no more cowardly animals exist. No instance has yet come to light of a grown man being the subject of their attack. Percy, however, knew nothing of them or their nature; so imagining himself beset by savage beasts, and thinking discretion the better part of valour, he discharged his gun at them, and took to his heels by the way he had come. Had he looked round he would have seen the dogs flying in all directions, alarmed by the report of the gun. But he did not, and the dogs, seeing him run, took courage again, howled once more in concert, and made after him in a long, swinging gallop. Percy need not have hurried himself, ior they would have taken good care to keep a fair space between pursuers, and pursued ; but, ig norant of their ways, he made for a friendly she-oak and swung himself, up among . the branches, where he- sat swearing at his pur suers, who now squatted, in a circle round j the tree,* looking up at him with wonder, not unmixed with awe, and ready for a bolt at a moment's notice. ,Had Percy known it, the quickest way to have raised the siege would have been to have suddenly Bprung from the tree and charged, and, had he done this;- our story might never have been written. Fortunately, for us, he preferred to keep his seat, and was proceeding to load his rifle, when, to his horror, he found that, in his rapid flight, his cartridge pouch had slipped from him. HG could see it just beyond the circle of dogs, but it seemed certain death to try and regain it. There was nothing for it now but wait till relief came, and this Percy unwillingly con cluded to do, relieving his feelings every few minutes by sending forth loud shouts, by which he hoped to attract Hunt and the blacks. For a long time he received no response ; but at length came a sudden, shrill cry, quite close to our young Englishman's ears.. " Help 1" he shouted, once more. "Coo-ee! coo-ee!" rang ont the answer in a clear treble, and a moment later bang went both barrels of a fowling-piece, and crack, crack, fol lowed from a six-shooter*, and several of the dogs bit tho dust, while thc rest speedily made off. Percy jumped from his tree and turned to see whence the friendly aid had come, expecting to see Hunt ; but to his amazement, he instead caught a glimpse of a woman's figure, draped in white, disappearing in the scrub. At first he stared spell-bound, then shouting "Stop !" he rushed to the edge of the scrub, but could see nothing of the fair fugitive. He fancied, however, that he hoard a light laugh close bj-, but nought could he see." Walking back to the tree in which ho ha been imprisoned, ho picked up his pouch and reloaded his piece, and might well have thought he had fallen asleep and dreamed, but for the dead dogs lying at his feet. Just then Hunt and the blacks, attracted by the noise of the firing, carno up, to whom Percy, be wildered, told his story. Hunt, as usual, looked incredulous. " But I assure you," persisted Percy, "it was a woman, and T heard her laugh as she disap peared." " Laugh !" roared Hunt, " 'twoidd have made a cat laugh to see a great, strong fellow like, you scared by those curs. Why, man, if you'd rushed them they'd have made off quicker than you did. But there, don't look hurt, my lad ; you couldn't be expected to know that, and I don't wonder yon took the ugly brutes for wolves. But what about this woman ?" " I don't know," said Percy meditatively. " Perhaps it was your ' white spirit.' " " You've got the ' white spirit' on the brain," Laughed Hunt. " A useful sort of ghost indeed to go about the country with a double-barrelled gun and pistols rescuing distressed young men-truly chivalry taking a turn. Some fellow must have been passing by, and fired at the dogs without seeing you at all." Percy shook his head. " But I shouted," he objected 5 " and my shout was answered in a most peculiar way." " Yes-Oh! the'coo-ee,'" said Hunt. "Don't you know that is the call of the aboriginals? Goolwa here has been sending it after you for the last half-hour !" " It was not Goolwa's voice I beard, though," returned Percy. " I am firmly convinced that the cry was uttered by a woman 5 then shots were fired, and, as I descended the tree, I saw her dis appear in the scrub." Hunt looked at him keenly, as if doubting his sanity. "I wonder if he's sunstruck?" he muttered, and, turning on his heel, he walked towards the scrub. Presently he returned. " Well, it's very strange !" he said, slowly. " I can see no beaten track ; and how any mortal could get out of Bight so quickly in a dense scrub like that I can't make out. If you did not look. so infernally serious, I should think you were trying to play a joke on an old bushman." Percy assured bim to the contrary, and they walked almost silently back to their camp, each in his own mind trying to account for what seemed unaccountable. Next day they moved homewards, and by evening reached the homestead, where Percy found a ready listener and sympathiser in good Mrs. Hunt. As the days wore on Hunt noticed that his young friend was restless and uneasy, so one day he said to him in his own blunt way "You've something on your mind, my lad. What's up? Come-out with it." So Percy confessed that what he had seen in the bush had greatly perplexed him, and that he had resolved to investigate it further. " Sttiff and nonsense !" exclaimed the impetu ous Hunt. " You might just as well try to stay the flow of the Hawkesbury with a billy, and have as great a chance of success. Don't be a fool. You've wasted time enough over one shadow - don't throw away any more over 1 another." But Percy would not be dissuaded. "If I dont return in a month, Hunt," he said, " you may give me up, too." And sorely against his friend's advice the young man set out. "I've half a mind to send Goolwa on his track," muttered Walter, as he watched him depart. " But no, 'twould only anger him. He's young, and with good luck won't come to much harm ; besides, I don't think hell go very far." Percy took some provisions in his swag, a com pass, and a flask of brandy; and, the country abounding in game, had but small thought bf starving. About dusk on the first day he reached the former camping place, and set about making preparations for spending the night. He lighted a fire, boiled his " billy," and made a hearty meal. Then, after a contemplative smoke, he curled himself np in his 'possum rug and slept calmly till dawn, when the wild, wierd-like notes of the laughing-jackass roused him up. Arising at once, he went down to the creek and bathed, and lighting a fire, he boiled his tea, and made a capital breakfast of the remains of a brace of duck he had brought down the night before. Then he lit his pipe, shouldered his rifle, and renewed his tramp. After some little time he managed to find the spot where he had been treed by the native dogs, and made for the scrub. Not long did he stand contemplating, but taking from his swag a small brush-hook, with which he had armed himself to cut away any stiff boughs or undergrowth that might impede his progress, he boldly tackled the scrub. Hard work he had, and more and more he won- ' dered hoAV any human being could have so sud denly disappeared with such a tangle to get through. At last, when almost worn out, he came siiddenly on a narrow track just wide enough for one to walk alone in. "Phew!" whistled Percy. "This may bethe key to the mystery. Where does it lead to? Where doeB it come from ? My time is my own. I'll just slip back and see." With that he turned back, and in a surprisingly short time he found himself once more outside the scrub close to where he had entered it. The entrance to the track, however, was so cleverly concealed, that no one who did not accidentally strike it at first could have imagined its exist ence. After a short rest and a poll at his flask, Percy turned again, and progress being now easy enough, he soon reached tho farther side of the scrub. Here another surprise awaited him. He now stood in a clearing, evidently made by the hand of man. Three sides of it were shut in by the dense scrub through which he had just passed, while right along the other side rose the face of an abrupt and precipitous clift', such as one frequently meets with in tho Blue Mountains. In front of this cliff, and leading up to it, sloped a gentle eminence, covered with undergrowth and saplings, and thickly hung with white clematis, mountain laurel, and the beautiful pink blooms of the " Christmas bush." To the right the land was well laid out as a kitchen garden and orangery, and fenced in with brushwood. Poi'cy looked this way and that, yet no sign of homestead or even log hut could he discern 5 no bark of dog warned him away, and the only signs of fife were afforded by tho twittering of birda and the hum of honey gathering bees as they roved to and fro aniong^ the bright flowers grow ing in profusion about this pleasant spot. Percy paced about, not relishing a return with out a solution of the mystery, when suddenly a kangaroo rat rose almost at his feet, and scurried away towards the scrub. Acting partly on tho impulse of tho moment, and partly from a desire to see what effect the noise of his gun would pro duce, Perçy let fly. The animal, though wounded, still ran on, and Percy, in his eager pursuit, was not over careful of his footsteps, and presently came heavily to the ground over a fallen log. Half stunned by the tall, he attempted to rise ; but found his ankle was severely sprained, so after a while he gave up the attempt, and sat ruefully contemplating his position. " Well," he thought, " there is no use in keeping quiet. I may as well find out if anyone lives here;" and forthwith he shouted for aid. No answer ; and then he thought of the native signal. "Coo-ee ! coo-ee!" came from his strong young lungs. " Coo-ee, coo-ee !" rang out tho ready answer, in the same sweet, girlish tones he had heard on a former occasion. Forgetting his ankle, Percy started to his feet 5 but tho pain caused by the sudden movement was too much for his nerves, strong as they were, and ho sank back fainting to the ground. When he came to himself, he had a dim notion of dampness about the forehead, and thats soft fingers were moistening his lips with liquor. Opening his eyes, they rested on the figure of a young girl in the first bloom of budding womanhood. Long, raven hair floated to her waist. In the girdle of her white dress gleamed tho steel barrel of a revolver, and on the ground beside her lay alight fowling-pioce. " The ' White Spirit !' " murmured Percy, and he closed his eyes again very contentedly. The girl blushed. " No spirit, sir," she replied, " but a mortal like yourself. I found you lying here, and think you must.be hurt." Convinced at last that he had not crossed tho Styx, Percy sat up, admitted that his ankle was hurt, and asked what was best to be done. " If you can lean on me and manage to walk as far as that mound," said the girl, "you shall have such rest and doctoring as our poor home can afford." With a great effort Percy got upon his feet, and, wondering ever, laid his hand over tho fair shoulder that stooped beneath his weight as au involuntary groan escaped him. " Poor fellow ! is it so very bad ?" said his fair guido, and then, blushing fervently at her own freedom/she remained perfectly silent until they reached the hill-side. Percy looked round, seeing no sign of habita tion, but the girl, putting aside the branches with her hand, disclosed the mouth of a wide cave, into which she helped him. Percy hung back just a little, but the maiden, with a smile of gathering mirth, said " Nay, sir, have no fear. My father and I are harmless folk enough-not nearly so formidable as a pack of native dogs," and she laughed out right. Percy laughed, too, but turned crimson as he thought of his ridiculous introduction to his com panion, whom ho must now recognise as his I unknown deliverer. From the mouth they soon reached the interior of the cavern-a vast, natural house with many ohambers. From an opening in the top the red light of day streamed in, playing in beams upon the walls, and reflecting a thousand colours on the stalactites that hung from the ceiling. This opening, wide as it was, could be closed in wet weather, as Percy afterwards noticed, by a framework of wood raised on poles. From an arm chair, fashioned of curiously gnarled boughs, an elderly man, the lower part bf his face entirely concealed by a thick black beard, in which the " silver threads" were fast appearing, stretchedto u a hand of welcome. "You are in trouble, sir," he said, "or my daughter woidd never have brought you here. What is it, Gertie?" His voice was full and mild, yet there was a ring of pain in it that told the observant listener of hard battles fought and victories won over self, and lessons learned in the school of sorrow. There was something, too, in the tones that seemed to raise a faint memory of someone or something long forgotten in Percy's mind, as he lay on a rude but comfortable couch, watching Gertie cutting, with deft hands, the boot from his foot, and tenderly performing ail the simple surgery necessary, the while explaining to her father the circumstances of Percy's accident. " It seems I am fated to bo your deliverer," she said, laughingly. " I may turn the tables," retorted Percy, look ing round the cave with an expression that seemed to say, " the world is wider than this." Gertie blushed, and disappearing in a recess of the «avern, evidently busied herself in preparing dinner, for soon was heard the crackling of a fire, and the savoury odour of good things WRS wafted deliciously through the air. " My daughter is commander-in-chief here r sir, since I fell ill," said Percy's host. " She ( everything, evou to taking charge of the conn aariat." " But how comes it that you and that deli« lady are alone here ?" blurted Percy, forgetfn his wonderment, and then immediately addo " I beg your pardon, I did not mean to be rv but this novel accident has made me lose, manners, I think." , The sick man smiled and replied-" It i simple story. Weary of the great world's cha ing ways, I caine here some years ago with daughter. I found this place during one of limiting excursions, and many a journey to fro did I make, bringing what was needful make, a lonely life bearable. When the place fitted up, Gertie accompanied me here, where have remained ever since, enjoying what ha] ness we might." . " A lonely life for a young girl," said Percy. " It was her own choice," said Gertie, com in nt that moment with a bowl of savo soup, made from the tail of a kangaroo. " Fat wanted me to stay in Sydney, or return to E land; but I preferred to share his sorrow \i him, rather than to live in the world with him." " His sorrow ?" said Porcy, questioningly. A warning look passed from the father to daughter, which Percy did not fail to note, ¡ the girl made an ovasive answer. " I fear you will find mo a great trouble," w on the young man ; " but, as I am likely to with you some little time, you will perhaps mo how I am to address youl" His host smiled sadly. " It is long since I heard my name," he san " so long that I might well have forgotton but you may know me as John Langton, daughter, Gertrude, you know alroady.." Something m the tone made Porcy feel that i name was assumed ; so, with a caution unusual him, or perhaps actuated by the peculiarity the circumstances, he replied, " My name is Percy Vincent, and-?-" Langton started, and looked curiously at hi " What is the matter ?" said Percy. ' " Nothing, nothing," was the reply. But t old man muttered to himself, and continued eye his young guest with furtive eager glances. More mystified than ever, Percy sat up, a divided his attention between Gertie and 1 soup. For many days the young fellow remained wi his new and kind friends, who administered to 1 every want, so that the time flew rapidly by, ai his foot began to grow strong and well. Yot w lie loth to go ; for, as each evening the three s together in the clearing, one of the young on reading from some book brought out from one the many recesses of the cavern, or, when the si went down, yet sat on through the gloaming in the moonlight chatting together, and listening the screech of the 'possum or the distant howl the wild dog, Percy felt a chain forging round h Heart which bound him to the spot. He had become great friends with Mr. Langto: whom he often detected looking at him in puzzled sort of way, as if trying to recall h features. Percy, however, mindful of the look 1 had once intercepted, made no remark on thi nor did he ever allude to his host's past life, fea ing to probe a wound he instinctively felt m scarcely yet closed. Gertie he had often accompanied in her rambh for pleasure or for forage, and had been able i see that, whatever tho reason that isolated th girl and her father from the rest of society, the were evidently of gentle blood and breeding. " Has no one ever found you out before ?" quei tioned Percy, during one of these excursions. "No one," said Gertie, with a bright smile "nor would you, unless you had sprained you ankle." "Happy accident 1" replied he, and, turnin quickly round, went on, " are you sorry I brok in upon your solitude, Gertie ?" " Look," replied she, turning away her heac "look! there is a lyre bird. Shoot quickly we will stuff it, and it will make a handsom ornament for your drawing-room at home." "I want a yet fairer ornament ; I'd rather hav a love bird," quoth Percy, sentimentally. ."Well," said Gertie, still looking away, "ther are plenty about; you can easily gratify you wish." Presently, as they walked on, they came to th brow of a hill, looking down from which the; oould see a party of blacks camped at the foot. "Keep still, now," said Gertie, "and I wi] show you some fun." Ble drew back behind a clump of peppennin saplings, and Gertie, who had a beautiful voici (which fact Percy had not been long in discover ing), showed herself plainly, and began to sing an old ballad, which smote strangely on Percy'i ear for it was one he had heard often, when his uncle Henry rode him, a laughing boy, upon hif knee. He had no time now, though, to recall old memories, for the effect on the blacks was ludicrous in the extreme. With wild yells of terror the whole camp started up and stared at Gertie, then shouting "White debbil! white debbil!" fled in all directions through the bush. Percy laughed till the tears stood in his eyes. "All hail! Queen Mab," he cried. "You are the famous ' white spirit ' after all !" " Yes," laughed Gertie. " Ever since the first time I ventured out after our arrival here my appearance has aroused this sensation among the blacks. Of white men I have seen plenty, but they have never observed me ; indeed, I always avoided them until you came." "Oh!" said Percy, gallantly dropping on one knee, " I am thankful for yom* majesty's prefer ence and oondesoension, and humbly kiss your hand." "Getup, sir!" repHed Gertie, reddening, and hastily withdrawing her hand. " You know I did not mean that. You were helpless, and I was bound to come to your aid." Wandering homewards, they sat "that evening together amongst the wild heath and honeysuckle tb0t fjrew on the hill by the cave, Perey ponder ing deeply. At last his mind appeared to he made up, for suddenly he spoke. " Miss Langton, do you know that I shall have been here just one month, to- morrow? Poor Hunt, of whom I have told you, will have given me up for dead. It is time for me to go." Gertie grew pale and red by turns under his earnest gaze. " My father will miss you much," she said. " You have become very dear to bim." " And you," questioned Percy, still looking up. " I," she murmured. " Oh, I shall miss you too." The words were not much, but the hesitating tone emboldened Percy, for he went on. " They look for my return in England, as soon as I can get things together. I shall sail thither taking with me, I hope, a mistress of all I have to give." Poor Gertie, she could not repress a start, and the" sweet face was very palo as she strove to speak calmly. " I hope you will be very happy," she Baid at Having a Good Time. . - A Tam o' Shanter dog, and a sweet performing' frog, And Mrs. Puss, whose one extravagance was clothes, Went to see Professor Bug dance a jig upon a rug, While Mons. Beetle balanced bottles on his nose last,*''and sometimes in tlie distant future you will give1 us a thought, and tell your friends how the 'White Spirit' found you fainting in the woods." " Nay," said Percy, " you must do that for me." " J. !" replied Gertie, bewildered. " Even so, darling," whispered the young man, taking her hand in his. " It is the ' White Spirit' that. I would win for my bride. Say, dearest, will ; you not leave this lonely place to grace a brighter home ?" _ ' " ' " The girl looked at him for a moment, and then the revulsion of feeling was too much for her, and she burst into a passion of tears on his breast. " My own little wife !" cried Percy, passionately, as he drew her close to him, and pressed on her full lips the first kiss of love that had ever rested there. She started as if an adder had bitten her, and, tearing herself from him, wrung her hands in an agony of grief. "Gertie! Dear Gertie! . What is it?" cried j , : . _ : Our Kingfisher Tries His Luck. ~ . . ------- Percy. ,-."Have I pained you? Are you not happy?"N "Happy? Aye, too happy!" sobbed the girl. "And yet most miserable, for, Percy, I love you, but must never be your wife !" "What!" cried poor Percy. "What! Have I raised the cup of happiness to my Hps only to see it dashed down again, ore yet I have tasted the Bweet contents ? Oh ! my darling," he went on, passionately, " you are no false coquette, I know. Tell me what you mean. What bar lies between us ?" : G ertie rose, and dashed away her tears. " Come," she said, taking him by the hand, and drawing him towards the cave. "Come, and I will show you." But at the mouth she stopped, and threw herself upon his breast. " My love ! my love !" Bhe murmured. " Bear with me a little. My first love ! my last love ! I can only love you. Nothing more-ah, nothing more !" ßhe wailed so bitterly that Percy's heart I was wrung with anguish, I They entered the cave, and Gertie drew him to the chair where the old man slumbered calmly. " There," she said, pointing to her father, " there is the barrier." Percy could not restrain a laugh, and a great weight seemed lifted from his mind. ?"Hush ¡"said Gertie, softly; "do not laugh or wake him. Let nie sit here at your feet, where I can hold your hand and see his dear face, and I will tell your our story, for now you have a right to know it." " Many years ago, when I was quite a baby, there came some awful trouble on our house. 1 was, of course, unable to realise it at the time, but have since learned the whole sad tale. We lived in one of the fairest counties in England, where my father had a large estate. Among the frequent visitors to our house was a person whom my father had long called friend, a man whose friendship he valued, and whose integrity he believed in. Not to weary you, this man, to whom our house was as his own, took advantage of my father's temporary absence in London, to offer my mother the deadliest insult a woman can receive. His advances were scornfully rejected, and our doors closed against him. " On my father's return he learned the perfidy of the man he had trusted. Boiling with rage, he rushed from the house, heedless of my mother's prayer that he would not meet his enemy in such a state of excitement. Some two hours later he returned, white and wrathful still, saving that the bird had flown, but he would hunt him down on the morrow. Alas, for the morrow ! Before noon next day my father was arrested for the wilful murder of Colonel Chaplin." Percy started violently. " Ah !" cried Gertie, " does that move you so ? Ton could not take a convict's daughter to your heart?" " Go on, go on !" urged Percy, in a husky voice. "It is not that." . \ " Father was astounded at the'charge, and of course pleaded 'not guilty/^but the circurnstan tia! evidence was, strong against him.' He ha^ ! been heard to aBlc for that ' craven Ctíaplin/ an° ¡ and to swear that when he found him he would slay him. Of course the whole story came out at the trial, and no one believed in my poor father's innocence except his wife ; no one, I dare say, believes him innocent now, except myself. Well, in the end, the jury brought in a verdict of ' Guilty/ but coupled it with a recommendation of mercy on the plea of strongly extenuating cir cumstances, and he was ultimately sentenced to transportation for twenty years. " A young man then, see him now bowed with the weight of a sorrow he never should have borne, and old before his time." Steadying her voice, Gertie proceeded. " Two years after my father's arrival in Syd ney, my mother followed him out, bringing me, a child of three years, with her ; and my father, by dint of good conduct, having obtained a tickot-of leave, we lived together until my mother's death, which occurred not very long after her arrival. % " Sixteen years have passed since then, and for the last four we have lived in this clearing, pre ferring rather to live in solitude than to carry back a stained name where my father's innocence would never be believed in." " Now you know the whole terrible story, and why I can never be your wife." Percy liad been listening attentively, with his head bowed in his hands, but now he raised his face, and it was set, and white to the very lips, while his hand crushed Gertie's, as he aBkcd " Your name ! your name ! Tell me your name ?" " Ah !" sighed Gertie, " what need to keep it from you now. The name my father bore in hap pier days, was-" " Henry Langford !" whispered Percy, catching the words as they fell from her lips. " I know it ! I felt it ! Thank God !" And the strong man bowed his head lower in thankfulness than the weak girl had in her wretchedness. Gertie stood by him in wonderment ; when suddenly ho started to his feet, and, catching her to Iiis heart, almost Bobbing with his happiness, he cried " Oh, love, rejoice ! for you yourself have re moved the barrier to our union." " What do you mean, Percy ?" whispered Gertie , as, all too happy for words, she hid her face on his shoulder. " Listen," he replied. " When I was a boy of six I had a certain uncle, whoso favourite I was, who used to call me his little son, and say I should marry his little daughter, then in her cradle. I loved him, Gertie, as I might have loved my own father, had I ever known him. Then came a time when my uncle suddenly dis appeared, and came to see me no more. Many were the inquiries I made, but to all the same answer was returned : ' You will never see your uncle again. He is dead to all of us.' Long I mourned him, and never forgot him ; and when I came of age and learned the whole truth-how he had been transported for a crime not his own, and had since died, not knowing that his name was cleared and his honor unstained-I said to them all I would never haye believed it, and I vowed to seek the missing man, and bring him back to his own if he were alive. " Gertie, the story they told me was your father's-Henry Langford is my lost uncle ; and I, whom you have only known as Percy Vincent, am truly Percy Vincent Langford, the old man'B favourite of eighteen years ago. I know now why I have so often been reminded of him, and why he started at the name of Percy Vincent." If Gertie wept now, her tears were tears of joy. .-? Long did the lovers sit hand in hand, silently thinking over the strange vicissitudes of fate that had brought them together, till Henry Langford (for so we may now call him) awoke. Together they stood before him, and Percy made himself known to his uncle, telling him all he had told Gertie, and telling him, too, how, four years before, the real murderer (a servant whom Colonel Chaplin had struck and discharged) had on his deathbed confessed the crime that had driven the innocent man into exile, and how Henry Langford's name stood once more white and clean before the world, though all believed bim beyond the reach of good news or bad. What need to prolong our story ? Percy, after . no long delay, took his uncle and cousin to the pleasant homestead at Lithgow, when even Hunt . was staggered at the turn events had taken. " I knew you were safe, my boy," he Baid, " for I sent Goolwa after you, with orders to keep out of sight ; and one evening he returned, reporting that he had seen you walking with the ' White . Spirit,' and was firmly convinced that you were no longer in the flesh. I, however, guessed how matters stood, and decided to leave you alone. But who would have thought of an end like tliis ? Wonderful !" Soon the happy trio sailed for England, where Percy found Gertie ready enough . to be the mistress of Iiis house, for Henry Langford had ,-. made everything over to thom by deed of gift, ' only stipulating for a corner in his old home. Percy loves to tell how he found his "better-, half j" and when the merry party gathers round ; the Christmas fire will laughingly say to the young bachelors that, if they want wives, all they have to do is to go straight to Australia, and . " coo-ee" to the spirits of the Blue Mountains, if there [be any left. 