Special Correspondent Life. THU profession of spécial correspondent, whet! followed strenuously as a means of livelihood, taken up en amateur, is perilous. It has rewards and . fascinations ; but like samphi gathering, it ia a dreadful trade. There t dangers of the bullet, climate, and disease to confronted, and neither medals nor mention the GAZETTE tor be anticipated.. Within my oi experience there has been a higher proportion casualties in the select band who chronicle w than amongst the ranks of actual fightè: Bowlby was massacred in China, " Kit""Pemb( ton was Bhot through the temple at Sedan, German got his. quietus in the J Carl struggle, Ogle was done to death. Thessaly, and now, my poor friend, \ Edmoi 0'DonoTan,has tobe added to the list of men wi are to be numbered among the martyrs to dui There can be little doubb that he has met his fa in the Soudan, and judging from a knowledge his- past, his coolness, activity, and skill wi weapons-and he was furnished with those of tl bestand deadliest make-there is one consol tion, that if he had the ghost of a chance he mu have sold his existence atan exorbitant price. The deceased-if I must use the word, althouj there is still a lingering hope that he may turna all right-was the son of the late Dr. Jol O'Donovan, professor of Celtic in Trinity Colleg Dublin, and translator of the "Annals,of tl Four Masters." Every parish in Ireland ¿wi familiar to this gentleman, as he had travers* them on a Government survey, : durir whioh he picked up a vast store of knowledge archaeological, philological, and genealogical. I was a corresponding memberM of mostol'tl learned societies of Europe, and such was tl esteem set upon his labours that he was allocate a goodly pension out of tho grudging Civil Lia Edmond was one of fivo sons, all bright, yiri fellows, hardy, adventurous, clear of brain, woi derfully quick to acquire languages, and of Serse veranee uncommon among Irish atudent ne of them was drowned while attempting swimming feat at tho other Bide of the Atlanti< another lay for months under tho death sentem in a dungeon at Estella on a trumped-up charf of having plotted the poisoning of Don Carlos ; third, who sustained all tho rigours of the sief of Paris, is now editing a paper in New YorL and the fourth, a surgeon in Lancaster, acted i Premier to Oko Jumbo, au African king on tl shores of the Bonny river, for a short period, introduce theao facts to BIIOW to what a stoc the daring explorer of|Merv belonged ; that froli some, free-hearted, erratic, recklosB Munsti stock-for tho O'Donovans originally came fro Clare-which furnished Lover with so many po traits for his picture-gallery. Edmond graduated in the university wi! which his father was connected, and particular] distinguished himself in natural science, to whic he had a decided bent. Ho took a gold modi for proficiency in chemistry, was appointe to a post in tho college library, and was ah attached to Sir Bernard Burke's office in th Birmingham To wei*, Dublin Castle. In th latter capacity he assisted at the installatio of the Duke of Connaught as a Knigli of St. Patrick. But academic lifo di not suit the temperament of the young Irishraar He was fervent in his political opinions, and poi formed journeys to America and elsewhere o: missions to which it will be more delicate to mak no further allusion, but which, it must bo sail in justice to him, were always conducted witi talent and fidelity. In 18G8, or thereabouts, met him in Paris t He was then studying Arabi night and day, for he absolutely took his gradi mar to bed with him, and told mo ho had agrea desire to voyage in the East. Singular to say with all his linguistic facilities, he could no speak 10 words of Erse, tho tongue of whioh lui father was such a master. When the Franco German War broke out he was in Ireland, but a once went to France, and enrolled himself in th< Foreign Logion, where ho soon got his epaulette At the battle of Orleans ho was wounded by i gunshot in the hoad, taken prisoner, and sent int< captivity in a Bavarian fortress. He improved the occasion to learn German. After the war ] lost sight of him for some yoarj, until destinj took moto tho Pyrenees provinces of Spain,"and there waB O'Donovan, acting as correspondent foran Irish journal. His head-quarters were.at San Sebastian, where he was caught during the bombardment, but he seemed to cross tho lines from one side to the other, now ranging with the Carlist partidas and now with the Madrid trbopSj in the most devil-may-care way, but with , a phe nomenally constant luck. Frank Vizetéljy^sáid to be a prisoner at El Obeid, was. also in" thia Carlist campaign, a burly elderly man with a brisk imagination, a lively pencil, and a marvel lous choice of English. If any ingenious knight, orrant can circumvent the Mahdi, my old com panion, Vizetolly, or tho Conde de VizetelH, as he loves to call himself, will. He accommodated himself to the manners of tho Carlists, with whom he waa immensely popular in no time, wore tho tonia on his head and the/a7ia round his loins, cried Viva cl Hey, and danced the jota with the best. He is equal to any emer gency, and it would not in the least astonish me to hear of his having persuaded the False Pro phet that ho waa a renowned dancing dervish, andontitlod to don the green turban. Anyhow, that he may effect his Hegira from that hot corner in the Soudan all his acquaintances, both of the old confederate army and other and newer hosta, sincerely pray. After tho Carlist rising had been stifled, O'Donovan proceeded one stage on that journey to tho Jbiastho BO much coveted, landed at Cattaro, and went on to Oottinje, in Montenegro.' He took part with the mountaineers in their, revolt against Turkey, but when the confliot as sumed larger proportions on the intervention of Eussia, he transferred hunselt to Constanti nople, and was commissioned by à London daily to describe tho vicissitudes of the càmpaign'in ABia Minor. Thia he did so satisfactorily that he waa charged on the conelusion of the war to under take an expedition to unknown Asia. His inten I . ,I . .. ... ,, «^_ Edward O'Donovan, War Correspondent, Missing in th© Soudan. tion at tho outset was to vary and penetrate_to Central Thibet,-but circumstances obliged him to alter his resolution, and he reached the Merv oasis and pierced to Merv itself, the city held to be unattainable, in the face of every hazard, obstacle, and privation. His graphio story of his experiences there and his full ana acute observa tions on the country are on permanent record. On his return to England he was. greeted with much warmth by the Geographical Society, and became, much to his annoyanoe, the prey of Mrs. Leo Hunter. He spent some 18 months in quiet ness at St. Malo, in town, and .in the Mid lands ; but, as he told me , frequently, he always oherished his idea of travel ling to Lassa and interviewing tho Lama. When he got orders to go to the Soudan a few months ago, ho at once made his preparations, but he owned to me he looked forward to the trip with some misgivings. He had a presentiment he would never return. " Good bye" were his last words at parting. "We shall never meet again -at least in England." In person O'Donovan was rather above the middle height, supple, and well- built, and with a physical constitution tough enough to stand any fatigue. Ho waa no more than 88 years of age. j His face, as tho photograph shows, was keen, re gular, resoluto, with a mixture of fun and shrewd ness in his intenso eyes, the lids of which ho had a habit of compressing when he.fixed them upon ' any object. A. soldierly fellow he was, bronzed, | black-bearded, ereot, with a \, springy step. His mind was a. storehouse - of desultory information, covering*, such» a wide scope of topics as classics and belles lettres, Turkish arid Gagatak Tartar, botany, fortifications', heraldry^ and the extensive ^family^pf ologies. Tie could sketch tolerably well, survey1 accurately, was a I practised; shot-1-in ;shdrt/,'liké ' Fádladéen, in! " LáUa Rooktí/'had a smattering of most things. As a lecturer he was conoise, self-possessed, and pictorial,;but had a peculiar, emphatic, yet halting manner, which was unpleasant until one became accustomed toit. As a raconteur he was racy, and Carried one with him by his animation of coun tenance and: gesture. What more can I say of himP-except, indeed, that he despised the luxuries of the table, that he placed no value on money save as an aid to the accomplishment of his work, as a true special correspondent should, and that, if hè be dead, he has met the death he would have chosen. , 1 Mr . Frank Power, who accompanied O'Donovan, partly as secretary, partly as artist, is a young Irishman reputed to have seen some service on the Austrian frontier. He was ailing from the day of his arrival at Souakim-the temperature by the Red Sea is trying-and only on the theory that he was already on his way homewards can his presenöe at- Khartoum be explained. For an European and a stranger to Africa to have escaped from the field of battle and traversed tho desert for hundreds of miles, is simply utter nonsense. A Pasha Power is referred to in a telegram from Khartoum ; but this cannot be the entertaining " ghazi " (a3 Frank was known), for eveniD disturbed Egypt, they do notimprovise pashas from newly-arrived Hibernian pilgrims of the brush. J. A. O'SHEA. Entries for the forthcoming agricultural show at Kempsey are coming in freely. The time for receiv ing entries has been extended to Monday next, ; Captain H. Jackson, of the steamship Coraki, was entertainedat a dinner in Basoh's Hotel', Kempsey, on Monday by several frlonds^and residents. About 27 gentlemen were present. . Mr. John Williams, the Crown'Solioitor, is, we re« grot to say, in a oritioal condition. .A few days ago he hatl a relapse, and he ÍB now in a very weak state of health. 1 Statue fpr New South Wales,-Tho Prince of Wales, I 