A ROUND OF CHRISTMAS GAMES. NONSENSE VERSES THREAD PAPER VERSES, AND CRAMBO. [Edited by C. H. S.J I—KONSENSE VERSES. When our young friends were collected to try their wits for the benefit of the Christmas Number of the Observer,, the first sobject for their efforts was .the . easy one of Nonsense Veraes. This game was suggested by " Lear's Book of Nonsense," which furnished quaint and often ridiculous rhymes about' English towns. It is just as effective with regara to Australian capitals and townships, though Adelaide is a hard nut to crack. We can give only one on the metropolis of South Australia :— There was a shopkeeper of Adelaide, To take out insurance be had delayed, When his premises blazed Aghast and amazed Was that ruined shopkeeper of Adelaide. Gawler. There was a stout lady of Gawler Who longed very much to be smaller, bhe blistered her feet And drank brandy neat, Which killed that stout lady of Gawler. There is an old squatter of Gawler. Yi hose neighbours all call bim a crawler, For wben sundowners beg They can ne'er get a leg Or a chop from that niggard at Gawler. There was a young lady of Gawler, With a frantic desire to be taller, So she stood on the steeple, In the sight of all people, I his ambitious yonng person of Gawler. MAGILX- I went by the tiam to Magill; The tram-boy said " Can't yoa tit still V I replied " I cannot, " 1 he day is so hot, " And tbe way is so long to HagilL" There was an old man at Magill, Who sat by a murmuring rill, A friend came along With a laugh and a song, Which cheered that old man of Magill. Bbighton. There waB a yonng lady of Brighton A mad boll once chanced to alight on, So red was her bair That it made quite a glare. Which enraged all tne cattle of Brighton. Tbeie was an old fossil of Bright in Who was not exactly a Cricbton, 7 he lull moon he said Of green cheese was made. And be wished he could have it to bite on. . QUORN. There was an old scarecrow at Quorn, . Which frighuned the birds in tne morn. Till an old radk said, " Fie, What makes yon so shy ? I regard that old rubbish with scorn." There was a young woman at Quorn Who wept from the sunaet till dawn, Though no word she (poke, Her heart was quite broke, Bcr&uce; ber best clothes were in pawn. There ia a sweet maiden in Quorn, Tis tixty yfears since *hc was bom, bhe drank much strong glue, And dyed her hair bine. Which cansed a sensation in Quorn. A damsel was crying near Qnorn— 1 said to hef, " Why do you mourn V £he said,1 nnut weep, Tor I've walked in my sleep. And I cant find my way back to Qaorn." Fitz&ot.; Thne lives an old man in Fittroy Who once was a vex; yotmg boy. Thongh grey ia his bair, It once had been fair. But " baccy" iii no«r bis sole joy. There was a yotmfc giri of SHzroy Whom several laige flies did aonoy. Some she killed with a thump, bome she drowned tt the puinp, The others prey still at Fitzroy. There was an Old tramp at Fitzroy Who said that be wanted employ, ~ But tbe sight of a spade Made bim greatly afraid, And be cleared like a wot from Fitzroy. There was a young man in Fitzroy Who sat down to dinner with joy, Being Irish he said, As he flourished his blade, " Ob give me a piece of tbat poy." Tiie Oringe. There was an old gitl at tbe Grange Whose i-Toseedings tbe neighbours thought stranee. For she dressed up her cat In silk gown and straw hat, And took ber out walks at tbe Grange. There is a young man at tbe Grange Who went to tbe butchers fur change; But tbe sovereign was bad And the ;oung man felt mad To be sent to Dry Creek for his change. II —TBHEAD-PAPEB VERSES. This is a much easier game to play than people may suppose by the description. It consists in the selection of any well-knownline of poetry as the starting point by each player and in its con pletion by different hands as it is paEsed on front player to player. Of coujse it is in the power of one to make or nar tie tucccss t-f the wbole, but when pi ople are jtritty equil in readiness and powers of versification the eflect is very good. The firtt lsue, as we ha*-e said, is a quotati<n. The tecond line does nut need to rhyn p, but iivrs the keynote fo: tbe lomphtion o't e ^nza; the third line ought to rhyme with tbe first, aud the louith to cltse the subject and rbjine with the second. ' Though it is quite allowable to jnake the stanza longer it is not often done.' The fol- -lowing-are specimens of these eompoeifae com^ positions :r~ ." I ' " Full many a flower is born to blush unseen." go spake tbe burglar, pocketing tbe spoons. He left the house—the number was eighteen— And was not seen again for many moons. Here there is a pleasant vagueness as to whether it is tbe number of the spoons or the number of the honse that is enshrined in verse. 2. Come into the garden, Maud f Be quick, IVe do time to lose; I'm waiting by tbe notice-board; Don't come if you don't choose. 3. " There's nothing half so sweet in life" As treacle mixed with sugar candy, But when I made Nell S^ubbs my wife I found ber preference was brandy. 4. " Pleasant it was, when woods were green," And the jackass brayed aloud in glee. And I threw a stone at a reverend dean As be sat at tbe foot of an ancient tree. 6. " She wore a wreath of roses," Made of manj-coloured scraps. And the reddest of red noses Beamed radiant from her wraps. 6. "Comrades leave me here a little, while as yet 'tis early mora!" Here's a public very handy where the hitter beei is good; But bring me first a minor, for myself I must adorn,' And mmd ft must be round in shape, and framed in walnut-wood. 7. " Buin seize thee, ruthless Knur," Thy daughters all be seized with colds ; Thy sons sul through their noses sing; ' - Thy wife declared the Queen of Scolds. 8. " Love that bath us in the net" Of sandy tresses woven. May chance to lose his fishes yet Before they're in tbe oven. 9. " A bed by night, a chest of drawers by day," Most useful in a room methinks 'twould be; But since those things are burnt for Mr. Gay, A secondhand's tbe only shop for me. 10. " He stood all bleeding on the bank," All hope of rescue gone. Bat no—some Eno's Salt he drank, And then marched bravely on. 1L " Forward the light brigade 1" Here's a lady in a Bt, " Who can lift her up?" tbey said. She can't stand, but She may sit. J£ " Farewell 1 farewell! tbe voice you hear" Floating away on the soft south wind Is a smalTgreen frog's in the marshes near. Reminding me strangely of Jenny Lind.' 13. " Bun, run, Orlando, carve on every tree" That I'm tbe agent for St. Jacobs oil, \- And tell thy Bosalind oa bended knee To try this Iinaaient to ease ber boil. 14. " Trudging so wearily down the lane," Tbe beggar maid with the King beside, Bat down there came such a pouring rain, HesentUs crown borne tone dried. 16\. . '• Here will I pledge thee, dearest one r* InOncle Cheater's shop I pawnedJmy beat hat for a ban And drank tbe choicest pop. 16. < "Gome where my love lies dreaming," Long'after the breakfast bell; Father and mother are vainly screaming, And wonder what lies shell teQ. nil CRAMBO. - Our young friends concluded as usnal with a round of Crambo, or questions and nouns, of which examples were given last year. Each player writes a question on one piece of paper and a noun on another, -Much are shuffled, and each takes some one else's question to be answered and some one else's noun to be embodied somehow in the answer, < Question—Do' you approve of keeping tbe Princg of Wales's birthday 7 word—Cucumber. ' I am a loyal subject, ' • -1 don't ask if you are, I always loved the Prince of Wales, Also his dear mamma.- To keep the Prince's natal day Societies Td found.. I love a feast where sandwiches And cucutnbert abound. Question—Have you gone to all the bazaars iQ Adelaide lately? Word—Diamonds. To three bazaars a week .. I've been throughout this year; My house is full of goods I've picked up here and there. All kinds of things I've bought— Dear; useless, -poor, and bad; To think of whatl have spent Makes me most truly sail.. My (Liamonde J've pawned For as muph as 1 cotdd get, I've sold fay-horse, I've sold my cow. And still I am in debt. Question—If 'you were a cannibal, should:yon prefer ycur man nailed or fried 7 Wora—Pilgrim. Fried meat I very much prefer To any boiled I ever saw. Though ne'er on hnman flash I've fed, Percbance 'twould follow tbe same Jaw* . BoOing is good for peas, Tve heard. To put inside your, leather boot, When, ^cockle bat ind staff in band, - £ pilgrim you to Bome make suit. Question—Are you partial to boating? Word— Rhomboid. Yes, often on the Biver Torreus A most enraptared n un I am, Then straight I go and study rhomboids With that esteemed Professor Lamb. Question—What do too think of the present style of bats? Word—Halluanation. I looked in a shop window large and saw A vast array of bats. And some high-crownfed were, and some Flat, Soft, and thick as mats. And some were large and some were small, And some were round; but ah! alas 1 Hailucinationg were they alL • 1wa8 but a dream, which soon did pass. - Question—Do you like sauer-kraut 1 . Word—Blue. Tbe national dish of the -German nation. Eaten by people of every station; In estimation surely would fade. If ther saw the stun of which it is made- Cabbages rotten, pepper and rue. Apples and mutton, carrots and glue— A taste acquired it surely must be, So I think the roast beef of Old England for me. ' Question—Have you ever seen a Ghost? Word— —Ornithorincue Paradoxus. Some vision of horror or ghostly form Might raise your bair on end with fright. Unearthly shrieks and fearful groans Heard in tbe watches of tbe night. Nought of the kind has e'er befallen The lnckless author of these rhymes. Bnt oh, conceive her thoughts when she A paper drew, and saw these lines, She must insert tbe answer thus, Ornithorincus Paradoxus. Have you seen the Australian Eleven v. All England Match? Wordi-Tar. Those clever folk I've never seen, But many a tale is told Of wild applause and loud hurrahs From young and eke from old; The fcatiiist, the epicure- All, all, enjoy the fun, And when the play is over, Tbey with it just begun See bow they come from near and far— 1 be soldier weary of tbe sword. The statesman in his Irish car,} Tbe Tar who never broke his.word. * 