Dorothy Forster.* Bv Walter Bbsakt. Chatter VIII.— APBINCE IN ISRAEL. ' So the next day to Blanchland, a ride of nine miles across a moor as wild « any In England, and Tom, glum, partly on account of last night'* wine and partly at prospect of a whole vearmeht in this) secluded spot. ; ? ? .' Consider, sir,' said Mr. Hilyard, 'the advantages of ~^The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors ef the Sydney Mail. the plan. First, it win be impossible to spend any money j Here Tom flung into a rage, and swore that it was . . ] shameful for the owner of Bamborough to want for a little ; money. ' \ ' Next,' 'continued the judicious steward, ' your Honor . j will have most excellent shooting and fishing ; jand as for | Bociety ? ' , \ 'I know all jour songs,' said Tom. 'Can you not I write some more P' - ?? . ? . { ' As for society, there are my lord-and his brothers within an easy ride. Your Honor doth very well understand that it may be both a singular advantage for yourself to. enjoy the friendship of a nobleman who hath the Prince's private ear, and to his lordship to have the benefit of your expe rience and advice in the conduct of his private affairs. As ; for that, I conceive it nothing short of a Providential inter-. ! position that at ;jhe moment when he should arrive, inexpe- . ' rienced and raw, he should find in your Honor a wise \ adviser.' , ' That is true, Tony,' said Tom, looking more cheerful. 'Dilston Hall is not ten miles from Blanchland, and the wine is good. We will teach him how to .drink it. These Frenchmen cannot drink.' ' \ ' And to mix whisky punch. In France they do not even know the liquor.' ' Poor devils !' said Tom. ' His lordship has much to learn.' But as Lord Derwentwater was for the next six months | entirely occupied with the survey of his own estates, not | only in Northumberland, but also in Lancashire and Cum- f berland, we saw nothing of him, and spent our time without any company other than our own. Mr. Patten, it is true, was sometimes so kind as to ride across the moor from Allenhead, and by a coarse flattery (call it rather an abject surrender of his judgment), compared with which Mr. Bilyard'B method was fine and delicate, he acquired an in fluence over Tom which afterwards did great harm. Cer tainly it was a quiet summer which we spent, and had Tom : been content I should have been happy. Fortunately, her \ ladyship was pleased, and signified her pleasure in plain I terms. ! ** I design not,' she wrote, ' that my nephew should live ; other than a gentleman of his name and position ought. ' But I am well pleased that you are for a space removed from * ; the company of those who lead you into wasteful courses i with horse- racing and wagers'— Tom had been of late un- : fortunate—' of which it is now weUnigh time to have done. ' It is my lord's earnest desire that you should shortly lake) ? the place which becomes your family, and, on the retire- ' ment of your father, that you should represent the county ; in his stead. As this cannot be done without expense, and : as we learn that your father is not willing to undertake the : charge, having his second family to consider, it is the inten- - tion of my lord to make such an annual allowance out of | hiB Northumberland estates as may suffice for your mainte- j nance in such style as is befitting. This generosity, I beg ! you to believe, is unasked by me, though I confess that he [ knows very well the solicitude with which I watch the . ; welfare of my nephew. To be guided, as well as to be as sisted, by so great and good a man, should be considered by i you an honour.' . - ' .. ; 'This,' said Mr. Hilyard, who was reading the letter, ' ia the first-fruit of that intention which I foretold six - months ago.' , 11 Ay,' said Tom, ' always at her ladyship's apron. ._ Bnt go on. Has she any more advice ? Am I to ask the Bishop' ' permission to take a glass of whisky punch ? Will he give ; me leave to hunt upon the moor ? 'TisaUhis.' ; 'He who hath patience,' replied Mr. Hilyard, 'hath all. Ladies' leading strings stretch not all the way from. Durham to St. Stephen's. Iprooeed with the letter :— Mde- : sire next to inform you that mv Lord the Bishop hath a great : desire to converse with Lord Derwentwater, and that Sn a ; private and quiet manner which will give no opportunity for malicious tongues. A Bishop of the English Church s cannot openly visit a Catholic peer, nor should he invite ' scandal and malignant whispers by entertaining in hisown ! house so close a friend and so near a relation of the Prince. . : He wishes, therefore, that you should invite a hunting party to Blanchland in October, at which he, too, unless otherwise j prevented, will be present. Among your guests be sure j that Lord Derwentwater is present. So no more at present. Give Dorothy, your sister, my blessing and that of the ; Bishop, and tell Mr. Hilyard. your steward, that I expect j thrift in household charges while you are at Blanchland. \ —Your loving aunt, Douothy Cebwe. ' \ To be sure it was impossible to spend money at this quiet ! place, where there were no gentlemen to make matches, play : cards, and lay bets, so market town nearer than flexham, no buying of horses, and no other people except ourselves and the hinds who tilled our lands. There is certainly nowhere in England a place which lies so remote from human habitation, unless it be in Allendale or among' the Cheviots, as this old rained Tower of Blanchiand. Formerly it was a monastery, but was destroyed Very long ago in the reign of the first Edward, by * party of maraud- - ing Scots, and was never afterwards rebuilt. They, say Oat the marauding Scots who had crossed the Border with : sacriligeous intent to sack this House of God, on account of . its reputed wealth, had lost their way upan the moor in a ; miBt, and were returning homeward disappointed, when they , j heard the monastery bell ringing close at hand— it was to ' call the good monks together for Te Dsum on account of ; their escape from the enemy whose coming was looked for. Alas! the bell was a knell, and the Te J/eum a funeral ' ; chant, for the ringing guided the. robbers to the spot, and . they quickly broke through the gates, murdered all the ; monks, set fire to the buildings, and rode away carrying their unhallowed spoil with the sacred vessels, driving the monks' cattle before them, and leaving behind them nothing bnt the unburied corpses of the unfortunate brothers. Surely ; some dreadful vengeance must have overtaken these men ; but it ib so long ago that the memory of their names and punishment has long since perished, though that of the crime has survived. ~ '' Blanchlaod lies along the valley of the Derwent in a deep hollow about the middle of the great moor called Hexhamahire ; Common, and 10 or 11 miles south of Hexham ; the stream ; is here quite little and shallow, babbling over pebbles and ; under trees ; it is crossed by the stout old stone bridge built ! by the monks themselves, who once farmed the valley. The j fields are now tilled by a few hinds who live about and around ? the quadrangle of the old monastery still marked by the ancient walls, behind which the rustics have built their cottages. The place has the aspect of an ancient and decayed college, the quadrangle having been neatly cobbled! and a Pant of clear water erected by, my greatgreatgrand father, Sir Claudius, who died here in the year 1627. Our ' own dwelling-house consisted of two buildings; one, which we used for company and visitors, is, first, a great square tower which stands over the ancient gate— Mr. Hilyard says that the place might easily have been held for weeks against simple moss-troopers— it has several good rooms in it ; and the second a part of the old monastery, including the refec tory, a fair and noble hall, with a large kitchen Tbelow,' and beside it a small modern house, contrived; either: by Sir Claudius or some previous holder, within another ancient square tower. This house, very convenient in^U respects, ; has a stone balconv on the north side, from which stone '' steps lead to the green meadow, which waa once the monks' burying- plaoe. The ruins of their chapel, an old roofleiss tower and the walls, are standing in the meadow.': Within . the old chapel grass grows between:the flags, and wall flowers flourish upon the-walls; thereis an one of the stones : a figure and an inscription, which Mr. Hilyard Interpreted ; to be that of a certain man once Forester to the Abbey. But j not a monument or. a stone to the memory of the dead monks* : They are goueand foigotten-r-names, -and livesr «-f]all-» / though their dust and ashes are beneath the feet of those r who stand there. Bush and bramble grow round the chapel ?- and cover the old graves, whose very mounds have now,, disappeared and are level with the turf . Among them nsefe / an old, old stone cross, put up no one knows- wbto, . J It *s : truly a venerable ana ghostly place. In tin tnuight or ; moonlight one may see, or think he sees, the ghosts of the murdered friars mnong the ruins. In the dark winter ♦ evenings, the people said, Ahey could be heard, when tne windwas high, chaunting in the chapel ; and every year, on that day when they rang the fatal bell ana bo cauea in the Scots, may be heard at midnight the ringing of a knell. Many are there who can testify to fids miracle; and at night the venerable ghost of the Abbot himself may be sometimes met upon the bridge. But this may be rumour, for the people of the place are rude, having no learning: at ; all, little religion, but great credulity, and prone to believe aU they hear. Certainly I have never myself met the, : Abbot's ghost, though I have often stood upon the bridge after nightfall alone or with Mr. Hilyard. On the other hand, 1 have heard, on windy nights, the coaunting of the dead monks very plainly. While we were there I heard so, ' many ghost stories that I began to suspect Eomsthing wrong,' and prt eeutly was much astonished to. find {hat the number end dreadful, fearful aspect of the ghosts had greatly increased since we cane 'to the place, insomuch that for yeaiB after (and no doubt until now) the simple .people of flie village, if it may be called a village, w-re frightened oat of their lives if they had bat to cross the quadrangle or fetch water, at the Pant after sunset. The cause of this terror was no other than my maid, Jenny Lee, who saw these apparitions, . I verily believe that she invented her stories out of pure mischief and wantonness, spreading abroad continually tales of new ghosts. Ope day she saw in the graveyard a skull with fiery eyes, which grinned at her. Another evening she met 4he Devil himself (she de clared; but his Honour and Miss Dorothy moat be told nothing about it — artful creature !), with flames coming ont of his month, and a great roaring, sure to bring mischief, if Only the loss of a chicken or a Bucking pig, _io someone. Another time there was a black dog, wbic j portended death. Bad I known of these things at the time, Jenny should won, Indeed, have gone a packing. Bat I only found them ont later on, when Mr. Hilyard inquired into the truth of these fltories, and traced them all to this girl. We passed here a quiet time during the spring and summer of that year. In. the morning Tom went a-fishlng, or hunted the otter, or went after badgers, or some kind of vermin, of which there are great quantities on the moor. After dinner he commonly slept. After supper Jie drank whisky punch, and to bed early. As for me, when my housewife duties were accomplished, I talked with the women-folk, who were simple and ignorant, but of good hearts ; or walked up the valley along the south side, where there is a high eloping bank, or hill— to my mind very beautiful. It 1b covered with trees. By the middle of June these trees have put on their leaves, and among the leaves are the pink blossoms of the blaeberries and the white flowers of the wild strawberry, to say nothing of the wild flowers which clothe the place in that month as with a carpet. Thus, in June, must have looked the Garden of Eden. In the afternoon Mr. Hilyard read to me, and we held converse in low 'whispers while Tom Blept. And on Sunday morning the villagers came together, and Mr. Bflyard read the service appointed for the day. It was in June that Lord Derwentwater rode' across the moor to visit us. We found that the shyness which he showed on his first return had gone altogether, being replaced by the most charming courtesy and condescension to all ranks . He had also begun to acquire the North Country manner of speech, end could converse with the common people. On his pro gress, if so it may be called, he was received everywhere with such joy that he web astonished, having as yet done nothing to deserve it. 41 The gentlemen of Northumberland,' he declared, ' are the most hospitable in 'the whole 'world, and the women are the most beautiful — jes,Mise Dorothy, though they are but as th9 moon compared with one sun which I know. A-i for the moors'— he had just ridden across Hexhamsbire Common from Allendale to Bfanchland on his way home to Dilston— ?'as for the moors, the air is certainly the finest in the C&unfcry.;' .' ? -Then he told us of his travels, the people he had met with, end the things lie had done and was g^oing to do. He would enlarge DUston; he would rebuild Langley ; he would build a cottage on the banks of Derwentwater, where bis ancestors pnce had a great house; here he would build boats, and then, with bis friends, would float upon the still waters among the lovely islands of the lake, and listen to the cooing of Jthe doves in the woods, or to the melodious blowing of jhorns upon the shore. This, he said, would be all the Heaven lie would ask if I was there to sit beside him in his Iwat. Alas! Every taste that most adorns the age was gjoesesBed bv* this young nobleman, and especially those titnly princely tastes which desire the erection of stately Iraildings, the gathering of friends to enjoy his wealth and jthe society of beautiful women. We ought not to reproach men with weakness on this spore, seeing that all the best end noblest of mankind— and chiefly those— have loved avomen'« society. ? Among other things that pleased him beside the universal Welcome which he received was that when he went into Lancashire-— it is so email a trifle that it should not, per iaps, be mentioned — they made him Mayor of Walton. One would hardly Buppose that it was worthy of the dignity of eo great a Lord to be pleased with so small ' B thing. ' Yet fie was, and, just as Tom and his friends loved to drink and laugh, and Mr. Hilyard (but of an evening only) to sing and act, and play the buffoon, so Lord GDerwentwater himself was not free from what we may call, without irreverence, a besetting infirmity of his sex, and a Hemish upon the character of .many great men— I mean ihis love of tomfooling. Now, the Mayor and Corporation . of Walton is nothing' in the world but a club of gentlemen iield in a village of that name near Preston. Every member of the club held an office. - The Mayor had a Deputy, to lake the ohair in his aosence. There are also in this foolish * society a Recorder, two Bailiffs, two Serjeants, a Physician, . a Maoe-bearer, a Toet Xaureate, and a Jester. This burlesque of serious institutions appeared to Lord Derwentwater and, no doubt, to the other member* 'of the : Club, a most humourous stroke; he laughed continually ever their doings and sayings with Tom;, and, in fact, so tickled him with, the thing that the very next year he took ihe journey with the Earl to Preston, and there was elected into the Club, and honoured with the office of Serjeaut, - while Mr. Hilyard, always to the front where fooling and ey-acting were concerned, was made at-*-noe both Poet ureate and Jester, which offices were happily vacant for ? him. It is said that the verses he wrote, the jests he made, ; and the songs he uaang, were worthy «f being added to Mr. ( Brown's -' Miscellaneous Works,?' ? or Mr.-D'Urfy V ' Pills to Purge Melancholy;',' but, unfortunately, die records of '? the society perished in the disasters of the year 1715j and with them Mr. HUyard's verses. - ^- *-:???' - ; One may easily excuse this levity in Lord Derwentwater, ' wlien one remembers that -he and all his companions were as yet in their earliest manhood, before the vivacity of youth has vanished. Tom, fhe eldest, was 1-ut fiix-and-twetity ; Lord Derwentwater himself, the youngest, only twenty- ' one; aU of : them Honest country: gentlemen and their - younger brothers, and none, as yet, sated with the pleasures ; of the wicked town. How were the younger sons, for in- ' stance, to find money for the pleasures of- town f I -cannot ? pretend that all these' young' -gentlemen were virtuous, or, in all their amusements* innocent ; certainly a good manv * of them were frequently drank f bat still- they were aU young,' and one ieels that* young man may sin out of mere ; youthful joy, and then repent ; while an old man, if he sins it-is hardness of heart. And, being young, they were full 'Solomon,' said Mr; Hilyard, ^'teaches that a merry - heart doeth good like medicine; Also4ie reminds us that a ? merry head maketh a cheerful wnintenanoa, and, further, ?' that ne who is of a merry' heart hath a continual feast. Wherefore/ 'Miss- Dorothy, let not- this laughter of his Honour, my patron,, and Lord Derwentwater, trouble yim.*',' ? ? : ' ?? ? ;?????? ':?:-???-? ? ':?;.:..!..? .? Why, it could&ot; trouble one if the cause of their mirth ? could nave been understood. But it is of no use to talk of ? these things. Women sit with quiet fade, though their hearts are glad, but men must needs be laughing. Besides, ? Solomon has eaid so much about fools and their mirth as to ? make one afraid, lest, by laughing over much, one, may be .;' eonfounded with these fools.: . . Then began my Lord .to come often to Blanchland, and I ' to enjoy thexnoet happy six; months of my life. Only six ?'? months! ; Yet, all that went before and afl that came after - are to be counted as bottling compared with that brief : period of happiness. ?' He would come over in the morning, ? when Tom was out, and'' hold conversation with me 'either Stalking or in the old Bef ectory where we sat. We talked : t-f many thincs which I have not forgotten, But cannot ?? vrrite down all I remember. Sometimes Mr. Hilyard was frith us, and sometimes we were alone. We talked on high and lofty themes^ as well as on little things of the moment. Once, walking among the ruins of the monks' chapel, I had ' the temerity^-or perhaps the ill breeding— to venture on ? asking him how it came about that a man of his knowledge ? and penetration could continue in the fold , of the Roman Catholic Church. .? -?.?;.? He was not angry at the question, as might be expected {which shows his goodness of heart), but laughed; and said that he remained- a Catholic because no one had yet suc ceeded in converting the Pope. . 'fair Doctor of Divinity,' he added, 'do not tempt toe. There is nothing I would not willingly do for the sake of jour beaux -yeux; but ask not a tb.mgr which touches myLoncur. Loyalty I owe to my Church as muca -as to my King. My cousin Dorothy would not surely aJWsa a Badcliffe against his honour.' This question of hir religion dwelt in my Lord's mind, and he returned to it on another occasion, saying very seri ously that Protestants were unhappy in knowing none of the repose and ease of soul which belong to those who hold what he called the True Faith. ' For,' ho said, 'either they are perplexed by doubts and always drifting into new heresies, or they are painfully striving, each for himself, and unaided, to attain his own safety, or they are guided by one or other of the heretic doctors to their irreparable, loss ; whereas we.' he added, ' live free from doubts ; the Church hath settled all doubts long ago ; she orders and we obey ; she teaches and we believe ; we have no reason for proving anything; we live without fear, and when at length we die,' he took off his hat, ' we are fortified by the last con eolations and tender offices of the Church, and borne away by ministering angels, some to Heaven, but of these not many; the rest to the expiating fires of Purgatory. Pair . cbnsui, I would that you, too, were in this fold with ma !' I was silenced, for the grave eyes and earnest voice of his lordship awed my soul. I knew not, indeed, what to answer until I consulted with Mr. Hilyard. In thinking over what my loid had said, bis picture of faith seemed fair indeed. '.Why,' said Mr. Hilyard, when I spoke of it to him, ' that is true enough ; but, Miss Dorothy, remember that you, too, have a Church which teaches, orders, and consoles. Where are the doubts of which his lordship speaks P I know of none, for my own part, nor do you. And for us, as well as the Papists, surely there are the Sacramento of lhe Church, without the fires of Purgatory.' Thus easily is a Catholic answered by a man of learning. tfut to Lord Derwentwater 1 only made reply, meekly, that I was ah ignorant girl and presumptuous in speaking of snch things, whereas, if he would take counsel with Lord Crewe or with Mr. Hilyard — but upon this he fell a laughing. ' What, cousin,' he said, ' would you have me take the opinion of a jester, paid to make merriment for his master, and a etnger of drunken and dissolute songs for a company of drunken revellers ? Nay, Miss Dorothy; I know that he is thy friend, and I speak not to make thee angry ; and, in sober moments, I confess that I have found him a person of learning and wisdom. But in things spiritual — think of it ! Ae for Lord Crewe, I have heard that he is an excellent statesman, venerable for rank and years, and most benevo lent in character; but I have never heard that he is a great theologian, or to be named m the same breath as the Fathers of the Church. And. if he were, I have not myself the learning or the wit to examine and prove the very founda tion of religion, or to 'be sure of getting a new faith if 1 cast away my present one; or finding belief through dis belief, or to hope for such ease as at present I enjoy.' So no more was said at the time between them of Popery o. matters of religion ; as for matters political, naturally there was much talk, especially when letters and papers arrived from London with intelligence. The affairs of the French 'Sing were going badly; as Englishmen we could, not but rejoice therefore ; yet the hopes of the Prince, so far as they rested on France, were decaying daily, wherefore we must be sorry ; yet again, as if to put us in heart, it was reported that London was growing daily more favourable to the lawful Sovereign. ' What London is, my lord,' said Mr, Hilyard, ever anxious to glorify his native town, 'that is the country. London deserted Richard II. and he fell ; London joined Edward IV. and the Lancastrians' cause was lost ; it was London which deposed King Charles and sent King James a-packing. Yet the passions of the mob are fickle ; we know not; to-day they bawl for the Chevalier ; to-morrow they will throw up their caps for the Protestant religion and will plunder a Catholic Ambassador's house. It hath been well observed that the mob is like Tiberius, who, to one beginning, ' Tou remember, Caesar ?' replied, ' Nay ; I do not remember what I was.' ' ' We are a long way from Caesar,' said the Earl. ' Let us, however, have no secret conspiracies and dark plots. There have bpen too many such already. It is not by treason that we shall bring back the king ; but by the voice of the people. Never shall it be said that 1, for one, dragged men from their homes to fight for their Prince, unless it was first made clear that the country was wholly for him.' ' If London speaks, the nation will follow,' )Mr. Hilyard repeated. ?? When the country gentry agree to rise,' said Tom, ' the thing is as good as done.' ' Then let nothing be done,' Lord Derwentwater added, ' till the voice of the country is certain, and the gentlemen of the country can be depended upon. As for French bayonets, we want none of them. And for premiture risings, let us countenance none of them, nor have to do with those who would bring them about. Sav I well, Tom Forster?' . ' . 'Excellently well, my Lord,' Tom replied; though he was already, I now believe, in some kind of. correspondence with those arch conspirators Dick Gasooigne and Captain Talbot. But let these words be remembered, because, in the sequel it will.be seen that they fell into Tom's heart and remained there, bringing forth fruit. - '. ' ? ', : The summer passed* away with suoh discourse. The hunting party waafixed fdrVctobef the 30th. Mr. Hilyard, following her ladyship's instructions, designed to make it a email and private party, but, when it was known that the', illustrious Lord Crewe, with his wife, would be present, there came so many promises of attendance, that order had ? to be taken for a very great quantity of provisions, the arrangement, for which cost myself and Jenny Lee many a long day's work. On the 29th, the Bishop andta/dy Crewe' rode from' Bishop's Auckland, a distance of 20 miles, over! rough country ways— a long. ride for a man between 70 and 80 years of ' age. ' When we heard' that' they were visible from, the hill, Tom-and I went forth to meet them, and led them from the bridge, to the porch. When Xady Crewe, whom then I sawforthe first time since a little child, dismounted, I perceived, though ehe was wrapped in a great thick hood covering her from head to foot, that she had brown curling hair like mine own, and dark eyeBof a singular brightness, which my own also some what resembled, and that she was of the same. height, though stouter, then being about the age of 40. ; ? . \ ?'' So,' ehe said to Tom, ' thou art- my nephew and my co-heir. Kies my cheek, Tom. We shall have a great deal Then Tom assisted the Bishop to dismount. .' ' Welcome] my Lord,' he said, ' to jour own house and Manorlof Blanchland.' ? - , . '.. ; .'-.-, ' As for its being mine own. Nephew Forster,' said his lordship, ' thou must ask thy aunt. She will not willingly let. Bamborough and Blanchland go to a.Crewe.' , ThenJ we led them , within, and I received my aunt's gloves and muff, alter Mndly greetings from her, but I -observed that her eyes followed Tom. ' ?','.? I would have knelfto the Bishop for his blessing, but he raised me, Baylngklndly', 'Let me see thy face, Miss ^Dorothy, the Younger- Why-^p— (here are Forsters still, I see.. Wife, here 6 the living, picture . of a certain maid with whom I .tell in love' 20 year* ago.; Thou art not eo beautiful in my eyes, child, as thy aunt, but I doubt not there iare plenty. who— ^—'V . ' . ' .' He hath the face of Ferdinando,' cried my aunt, speak ing of Tom, ' and lhe voice of poor Will. Bat perhaps most h? favbursmy father Sir William.' ' She is very like all these, my dear,' said Lord Crewe, lookup earnestly at me. 'ChiliLwhen I look upon thy face I see my own Dorothy again in her first beau%. . Yet she is always the most beautiful woman in the world to me. Andevery age wiUi her will brjngits own charm.' '. ,*' He has fry manner of my own branch,, notthe Bther etonjorstere,'' my lady continued. 'Tom,_you most come with me to London before you go into the House. I shall presentveu to Lady Cowper, our cousin (she was a Clayer* ing). Ehe is a rank Whig, but a woman of fashion and, what Is better, of sense and virtue.* Sense and virtue go together, Dorothy, child, though some people ' will' have it ofterwise.' Lord Crewe bestowed upon Tom a passing glance which showed me that he was leas interested than his wife in the male Forsters. 'My dear,' he said, 'if your nephew is wise he will ask for the society of no other woman than yourself while he is in London.' Lord Crewe loved his wife so fondly that these compli ments were but expressions of his tenderness. Mo3t old men dete on their young wives ; not so Lord Crewe. His passion, old as he was, was thai of strong manhood, a steady and ardent flame which every woman should desire, one which causes the care and thoughtfulness of the lover to remain long after the honeymoon, and, indeed, throughout the earthly coarse. Never was there any ex ' ample more tralr nidstraling tfie virtue and happiness of conjugal love than that of Lord Crowe and his wife. When ehe had removed her travailing attire, and appeared, her hair dressed in a fontange with Colberton lace, her silk dress looped to show the rich petticoat beneath, the lace upon her sleeve, her gold chain, and, above all, the surpassing dignity of her carriage and beauty of her face (though now in her 40th. year), I owned to myself that I had never before seen a lady so stately or so truly handsome, or so completely becoming her exalted rank as the wife either of an English bishop or an English baron. ' What are thy thoughts, cbild ? ' she asked, smiling, because I am sure she knew very well what they were. ' Madam,' I replied, ' with respect, I was but thinking how the people everywhere, not only the gentlefolk but the common folk,tuid not only at Bamborough, bnt here and at Alnwick and everywhere, speak still of the beautiful Doro thy Forster— and that now I know at length what they mean.' 'Tut, tut,' she replied, but she laughed and blushei— she had still tbe fairest complexion ever seen, and the clearest skin(for the sake of her complexion she would never drink beer, and washed in cold water all the year round), and a colour white and red, which came and went like a girl's ; her teeth were of a pearly white — women of 40 were eometimes lamentable to look upon, so bad have their teeth become — with a mouth and 'rosy lips which seemed still young ; her face was round rather than oval ; her eyes were large and dark, as I have said ; her hair was piled in a low tower and covered with laces; her sloping shoulders were also half -hidden by a lace mantle, and she had the most dainty figure ever seen. Truly a Juno among women, who had been the chief of the graces in her youth. ' Tut, tut,' she replied, tapping mv cheek with her fan, but yet' well pleased. ' Silly child 1 Beauty is but for a day. We women have our little summer of good looks. A few years and it is over. I am an old woman now. But you, my deer, may look into the glass and see there what your aunt was like when 6he, like you, was 19 years ef age.'1 Then we 6at down to supper, Mr. Hilyard being first pre sented. He would have absented himself altogether, being modest and much afraid of the Lord Bishop, but my lady asked for him, and was good enough to insist upon his pre sence. Conversation was grave and serious, cbfefiy sus tained by the bishop, Mr. Hilyard saving never a word, but keeping his eyes on the table, and mightily relieved when at 9 his lordship beg to be excused, on the ground that they bad travelled far, and that now he was old and must to bed betimes. 