THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. rotter's telegrams SMOKERS V. NON-SMOKERS, LONDON, ICth September. The match between the Smokers and the Non-Smokers was continued at Lord's ground to-day. The former were all disposed of for 111 runs, leaving them in a minority of 139. Later, The Smokers followed their innings, and succeeded in putting together 152 runs, leav ing tho Nou-Smokers 14 runs to win. This they accomplished with the loss of one wicket only, thus winning the match bv nino wickets. By the arrival of the Orient steamer Iberia at Adelaide yesterday, wo aro in receipt of tho following report (telegraphed from Adelaide) from our special correspondent in England with the Australian eleven : — ALL ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA,— THE THIRD MATCH. LONDON, 15th August. Tho last of the three matches arraugod to be contested by the fourth Australian eleven and tho be3t team in England has become a thing of tho past, and during the throe days of its continuance created the most intense interest, as it was naturally expected such an evont would do, especially as tho two previous matches had resulted in ono most pronounced defeat of the Australians, aud ono drawn in their favor, which botli sides agreed must have been a victory had time permitted of the gama being played out on the occasion. The third match- — that now under notioe— - commenced at tlie Oval on the 13th inst. The old country was again represented by powerful team ; for although A. f P. Lucas was, through family affliction, an absentee, it will bo seen that his substitute, Scotton, did by far more service for his side than any other player engaged therein. The Australian team was tbe same as in tho previous matches, Cooper and Alexander being left out. Before proceeding to deal with the actual play I may draw atten tion to tlie most important circumstances con nected with tlio game and its surroundings, somo of which wero of more than ordinary in terest, and some of such a nature that it wero well if tho story could bo left untold. Mur doch's bad luck in tossing, to which I have so frequently made reference, changed on this most Important occasion, to tho intense de light of the Australians, who had tho pleasure of seeing thoir skipper successfully spin a halfpenny which SpofforLh hod picked np on the ground. The importance of the toss was even more than usually felt, as a wicket upon which stumps had never before been pitohed had been specially prepared for tho great event, and presented a fine ap pearance. The weather moreover was excep tional, boing due, clear and blazing hot ; in fact during tho first two days the several Australians present agreed that seldom, oither on the Melbourne or tho Association ground in Sydnoy, had they felt the heat to be more in tense. The Englishmen, after their first re verse, were, however, lucky in the somewhat remarkable fact that the fine weather con tinued to the end of tho match, and tho wicket lasted so wonderfully well that tho quickest scoring of tho whole game took place during the last two hours of the third day. The unprecedented result of the first day's play will probably, in first class matches, remain annnbeaton recordfor many years, andMurdoch, M'Donnell aud'-Ecott lie for ever associated with tho fact that on Konnington Oval it took tho strongest team in England, ten of whom bowled, a whole day, to capture two Aus- trub'an wickets at a cost of "63 runs. It will nt once be realised without my testimony that these throo batsmen played first cla=3 cricket, Murdoch, of conrso, being tho Hon of the occasion. The celebrated Australian bats man from start to finish played tho game, the English bowlers in turn "feeding" him in vain. His superb catting power and faultless defence wore shown to tho greatest advantage, whilst he once again proved that, in tho pos session of unlimited patience, the greatest gift a batsman can possess, he is second to no cricketer living. At 40 he made his lirst mis- take, a snick off Ulyett, which gave a chance at tlie wickets. From that lime till his total stood at 171 he never made a bad stroke ; but Barlow then at third man missed him badly and at 295 Steel, at close mid-on, had a ono handed catch, which he failed to tako, all three chances being off Ulyett. Murdoch's innings, notwithstanding, was beyond doubt worthy of being considered one of his very greatest performances, and his total (211) is at the present time the highest score made in England this season in a first class match. M'Donnell has in hi three last matches exhibited an amount of pationco that I must confess the dashing Melbourne bati- raan's best friends never thought he possessed, and has thus dono justice to his splendid defensive power which on former occasions has too often been sacrificed to impulse, tlie result being three scores of S2, 09, J03. Not in the least degree has this interfered with his punishing power, bat I103, in fact, strengthened it by enabling Iiim to lust longer, "in the compilation of his first century in England I10 fairly excelled himself, tlie only approach to a chance given being a hard drive back to Barnes when he had made 52, which, how ever, proved too hot for the bowler to hold. Scott has followed up his previous brilliant success by also achieving a tlireo figure record, tho ambition of all batsmen in first class matches, and a triumph indeed for the voim" Victorian on his first visit to Kngl.md. After making 25 he hit one back to Grace, who failed to secure a left hauded catch, and the only other blot on bis fine performance was a cnauco in tne long uciu to Laird Harris off Steel when he had made GO. Ho is, at tho present moment, undoubtedly the be3t lo ' hitter in the team, and although he has not missoil a match, his batting average is second ouly to Murdoch's. Midwinter, at the com- mencemcn of liis innings, was missed at tho wicket off Barnes, and again by Peato in tho slips, alsoofftheNottingh- imbowler, but neither of the double figures, Giffenor Blaokham, gave a chance. Tho latter was given out by Far- rand lbiv to an underhand Blow, bowled round the wicket v/itk a leg break a doubtful decision certainly ; whilst Grace, who, at the wicket, caught the ball off which Midwinter was given out, said in the pavilion that ho did not think the batsman played it, Tlie bowling analysis show that Lyttelton, with underhand slows, was the most successful howler. On the first day ho bowled a few overs round arm without getting a wicket, but when tried on Tuesday with slows he captured four in eight overs nt a cost of 12 rmis apiece. Poate, Ulyett and Steet were also expensive, and the best bowlers on the English side were undoubtedly Barue3 and Graco ; but Lord Harris, as I have before noticed, does not apparently think much of \V. G. Grace as a bowler, and to mv mind very much underrates him. On the firs't day ten bowlers were tried, and changed twenty-six times, and on the second dav tho list was made complete by Shrewsbury bowl ing three overs, off which, by the way, onlv 2 runs were scored. But for tho wonderful patience and perfeot defence of Scotton the English innings wanld have been an almost total collapse, and a more meritorious performance under similar circumstances I have never witnessed. From the time the Australians completed their colossal inning9, tho Englishmen's only hope was to secure a draw, and this Scotton accomplished for them by staying at tho wickets five hours and three quarters and making 90 runs without one really bad stroke, as during the whole of the time he gavo not the ghost of a chance. Going in first, ho was ninth out when the total reached 332 ; daring his stay at the wickets, ho received some severe punish ment, including one terrible blow on the knee from Spofforth. When the eighth English wicket fell for 181, there wero -still three hours and a half to play, and tho Australians, with 870 runs to the good, had hopes of accomplishing a one innings victory, but W. W. Read, who joined Scotton, asserted hfs 1 mastery over tho bowling from the outset of : his innings, which was one of the best exhibi- j tions of clean, true and hard hitting imigin I able, so boundary hits being Included in his total. After making 23 he gave Spofforth a low down chance off his own bowling, which was missed, bnt the punishment inflicted on the bowlers may be stated from the fact that hemadelOOnmsin exactly twohonrs. The two batsmen named made nearly two-thirds of the English total, Steel being next with 31, and Lord Harris, both being given out lbw by Tarrand, while' the champion, W. G. Graee, was run out. In connection with this circumstance another cf those disgraceful scenes, for which I fear the Oval will soon liccomo notorious, took place. Cnllen, who is considered one of the best, and certainly most independent, umpires in England, officiates for Gloucestershire, being encaged in business in Bristol, and ho it was who gave Graco out, for which he was (on the drawing of the stumps) followed in by a howiiug crowd, who hooted and hissed him right up to the pavilion gate. At another stage of the game, when the Englishmen were batting, tlio crowd en croached some 15 yards on to tho playing ground, and Giffen in attempting to atop a ball ran clean into them, whieli lad to so serums an altercation that Lord Harris walked out from the pavilion nnd said, "If you don't give the Australians fair ploy I will give them tho match." Throughout the whole of the second and third days indeed the most un sportsmanlike spirit was exhibited, ironical cries of " How's that ?" being heard whenever Blackham stopped a ball, and Lord Harris was jeered at in tho coarsest manner for miss ing Scott. It may readily be believed that the pleasure of a match productive of most perfect cricket on both sides was thus considerably marred, to tlie great annoyance of those who attend through love of the game. The result of the three matches played is of coarse un satisfactory to both sides, . for whilst England can claim a substantial victory in the only match completed, nobody can deny that the merit of tho rubber rests undoubtedly with Australia, whose two draws so entirely in their favor more than counterbalance the one defeat ; and, by comparison,- it must he allowed that three test matches have served to more than uphold the previously well won ropntation of the Australians. The result of the third is especially gratifying on account of the team being knocked more or less to pieces by three months' incessant work ou hard wickets, performing an unprecedented feat in that department of the game which is supposed to be their weakest point. No amount of fencing the question can alter tho fact that three matches have been played, and that the Australians have had a long way the best of it, aud this throughout tho trying heat. Both teams fielded with spirit, Lord Harris, Read (who was most effective at point), Baraus and Scutton : and Scott, Barmerman, M'Donnell and Giffen doing yeoman service for their respective sides. Lyttelton behind tho wickets was not seen at his best, hut even with tho assistance of a iong stop, was not np to Blackham's standard, the Victorian re suming his place behind the sticks with consi derable success, the catcli by which he dis posed of Shrewsbury being a capital bit of work ; whilst the running out of Grace was very cleverly accomplished, as Bannorman re turned tbo ball very wido of tho wicket. An enormous number of people witnessed the match, the numbers being (allowing for members) about 18,000 on the first dav, 17,000 on the second, and over 10,000 on tho third. Murdoch having won tho toss, sent in M'Donnell and Bannorman to tho bowling of Peato and Ulyett, M'Donnell started the innings auspicously by cutting Peato's first ball cleverly to the ropes, repeating the stroke in Ulyott's second over, and Bannennan hit Peato past cover point for 4, but in his next over played ono into Read's hands at point, 1 — I — 13, Murdoch followed, and made several beautiful outs off Ulyett, M'Donnell beiog even more severe on Peato ; ho out brilliantly twice, running for 4 cacli, the scoring being so rapid that 50 runs wero made in forty minutes. The first change made was the substitution of Steel for Peate, which proving ineffectual. Steel changed ends, and Barnes went on in place of Ulyett, hat not before M'Donnell had driven the latter brilliantly to the pavilion fence. Murdoch shortly after iluked 4 off Barnos, cutting the next ball splendidly to the ropes. Tho appear ance of 80 brought Barlow on at Steel's end, and Murdoch did some neat work 011 tho leg side, playing Barnc3 especially well for 4, When tho total was !>0, M'Donnell gave Barnos n hard catch, and then snicked Barlow to the boundary, which brought up 100. Graco replaced Barnes, and Barlow, who had bowled remarkably well, but unsuccessfully, retired in favor of Peato. Only half a dozen rims had been scored off Graco, when Read replaced him, bowling " lobs," to tho evident satisfaction of M'Donnell, who hit liira for a 2 and two -i'e, the last stroke boing clean over the ropes to square leg. When tho total was at 130, tbe luncheon boll rang, M'Donnell having made SO nnd Murdoch 30, tho former, although scoring quickly, exhibiting equal putienco with his captain. Oil play being resumed, M'Donnoll's anxiety to reach the century became apparent, his next fonr atrokes being all boundary hits, and just as Murdoch had been missed at tho wickets off Ulyett, a fine drive off Peato raised M'DonueH's total to 102, amidst tho cheers of his Australian friends, who had anxiously kept the score since lunch time. Im mediately after accomplishing the century, 5f'T>onnell was caught nt short slip. 2 — 103 — 158. Scott joined his captain, and started by cutting Poatc between short slip and third man, only just out of harm's way, bnt at onco steadied himself, and equalled his companion 111 skilful catting, Ulyett suffering severely at his hands, and being acnt repeatedly to tho boundary. Ten following ton in rapid succes sion, Eat-low, Read and Grnce were in turn tried, but still tbe runs came, and at a quarter to four 200 appeared. At 210, Scott hit one back, which Graco with his left hand missed, and tlie bowling was again treated to Peato and Steel Murdoch at onco drove the amatenr for 1, and Scott lifted him fairly on to the veran dah of the pavilion, Murdoch again driving him to tho ropes. Barnes resumed bowling, but Scott bit bim to leg for 4, and Murdoch cut him benutifully for 3, and n doublo change was again raailo, Lord Harris ami Scotton going on. Tlio scoring at once became faster than ever, and boundary hits of frequent ocour- rence. At ton minutes to five a fine on drive by Murdoch, olf Scotton, made liiui 100. Steel, on going on again, had bad luck, as Lord Harris missed Scott off liim. and Ulyett was again tried instead of thcEnelish captain. Repeated changes, however, proved unavailing, the batsmen scoring at about the samo rate, and before six o'clock 309 had appeared, tho bowling being completely 00I- lare.l, bnt the Englishmen stack well to their fielding to the lost, determined to play ont timo. Both batsmen, however, assumed n. strictly dofensivo attitude, four successive maidens being recorded, but at last Scott cut Grace for 3, reaching his century, nnd the stump3 were thon drawn, the total for two wicketsbeing|3G3 — Murdoch 140 and Scott 101. Tbe second day at the start was mneb warmer, and during tbe afternoon tho heat became intense as on tho Monday. At fivo minutes post noon Murdoch and Scott re sumed tlieir places, to the bowling of Barnes and Peate, and when 2 runs had been added to the previous day's score, a simultaneous ap peal by nearly half the English team was made as Lyttelton at wickets caught Scott off Barnes. 3—102 — 385. Giffen and Murdoch started thoir partnership by playing four maidens, but shortly after both commenced to pnnish Peate, who gave way to Ulyett, off whom Murdoch scored freely. Atone o'clock 400 appeared, a new ball was called into requisition, and Ulyett's first over with it was Bomowhat sensational, as tho first boll hit Murdoch a blow in the ribs, and off the next Barlow ot third man missed a catch straight into his hands, the ball cutting his finger, which was stropped jip by W. G. Grace, Barlow, disgusted at liis failure to effect the catch, threw tho ball in wildly, and a second run was secured. Giffen was playing carefully, and looked like also becoming a candidate for three figure honors, but after making 32 he played Ulyett into Steel's hands at mid-on, and retired, the board showing 4—32—432. Bonnor bad mode 8, and in the lost over before luncli was the next to go, being well caught by Read at point off Grace, who bod replaced Uljrett. 5 — 8 454. Murdoch, who up to this time had mado 190, continnedto play a most careful game, never once being tempted into risking anything that was at all donbtful. After lunch, Midwinter started by driving Grace for 4, and Murdoch cut Barnes in three overs for two 4's and two pairs, giving a chance to Steel, having then made 205, Just as the spectators were antioi- j pnting tlie appearance of 500, Peate caught I Murdoch iu thcslipsoffBarncs.and it is needless ' to say that the premier batsman of Australia 1 returned to tho pavilion amidst a storm of con- i gratul&tory; applause. 0 — 211 — 494. Black- j ham aud Midwinter brought np the score to ' 500, and shortly after the latter was missed by ' Scotton at cover point off Steel. The score I having reached 530, and as Blaokham was scoring very quickly, Lyttelton went on with underhand slows, Grace taking the gloves, after having occupied every other position in the field. Shortly afterwards Midwinter ' was caught at the wickets, the board showing 7 — 80 — 532. Palmer followed, ' and played carefully, -while Blackham did the scoring off Barlow ; but his time had come, nnd he wa3 given out Llxw. to Lyttelton. 8 — 31 — 545, Spofforth bit one of the slows for 4, and was bowled by tho next ball. 9—4 — 549. Boylo, after making a single, skied Lyttelton to long-on, and was well caught by Lord Harris, and the innings, which had occupied in all ten hours and three quar ters, closed for 551, Palmer carrying out his bat. At ten minutes past fivo, Graco and Scotton started to the bowling of Bonuor aud the erratic nature of the former's bowling in dicating a hope that I10 might capture the champion before he got set on the wicket, which was still playing splendidly. The hopo, how ever was not realised, Grace hitting Bonnor to log twice in one over for 4, having pre viously made a similar stroke off tho samo bowler. However, after making 19, Grace drove Palmer hard to mid off, and seeing Ban norman fnmble it, started to run, but Ban norman returning it like a shot, though rather wide, Blackham whipped off tlie bails with a sweep round, and the champion was run out, to tho great joy of tho Australians. 1 — 19 — 32. Tho crack batsinnu again indulged in his two frequent habit under such circumstances of hesitating beforo going, and by his action expressing Iris disapproval, which donbtloss had a good deal to do with inducing tho rough element to act in sncli a disgraceful mauner towards Pulleu. Barnos joined Scotton, who narrowly escaped beiug caught at point off Palmer, but Spofforth was too slow, nnd t.hc score gradually mounted to GO, when Mid winter, at third man deep, made a magnificent catch off Spofforth, which disposed of Barnes. " — 18 — CO. Shrewsbury and Scotton played out time, tlio total beiug 75 when play ceased for the day, the former having scored G and Scotton 21. Saturday morning was close and dull, hut again the wicket rolled ont well. Midwinter Btarted to Shrewsbury, who hit his first, a full pitch, to leg for 4, but off the fourth ho was well caught at the wickot by Blackham. 3—10—75. Steel signalised his arrival on tho scone _ by complaining to Spofforth that tho latter s foot marks ha«i cut np tho pitch, but was properly reminded that he could refer to the umpires if ho wished. Thq subject then dropped, and the celebrated Laucasbirc bats man commenced to score pretty freely olf Midwinter, till a loud cheer soon announced the appearance of 109. On 110 uppcarin'" Palmer aud Giffen went on, and .shortly after" wards, when another 10 runB had been added, Palmer got Stool I.b.w., the totals being— i —31 —120. Tho departure of Steel was a relief to the Australians, as he lias scored hcavilv off thoir howling thin season on lino wickets, Ulyett shaped very badly at Palmer, and wa3 caught off him nc mid-on after making 10, Bannerman being, as usual, on tho alert for an accident. 5 — 10 — 130. Barlow, who followed, played Palmer's first ball into tho hands of Murdoch at point, tho nnmbers being 8—0— 130\. Scotton meanwhile, without making tho least mistnko, continued th 0 stubborn defence of his wicket, butupon being joined by Lord Harris cat a full pitch of Pnlraor's for 4, tho Eng lish captain, who started rather badly, also catting Palmer, and hit liim to leg for 4 each, and 3 more off Giffen, hut in Palmer's noxt over was given ont leg before wicket. (Far- rand) off a full toss, 7— 14— 1G0. Lyttelton followed, and at lunch timo tho total was 172, Scotton being credited with 51 and Lyttelton with 3, Soon after resuming, Lyttelton was clean bowled by Spofforth, ascribing the dis aster to an occnpaut of the momhers' reserve crossing the bowler's arm in front of the pavilion. S— 8-181. W. WrJlead joined Scotton, and at once commoncod to score by hitting Spofforth to long-on for 4, and Palmer to the off, close to the ropes. Scotton received a severe blow oa the knee from Spofforth, but continued liis innings, and Road again operating on Palmer for 4 hronght" up 200\. His next 4, however, wna a lucky snick off Spofforth just out of roach of Blaokham, who had retired to short sb'p, but the next ball was lifted clean over the on side boundary, a splendid hit. With tho total at 210, Roa'd hit ono back to Spofforth low down, but was let off, which proved rather an expensive mis- take for the Australians, as tho crack Surrey batsman from that defied all changes of bowHng, and in two hours aud ten minutes compiled one of the best hitting innings ever seen, scoring iu that time no less than 117 runs. Somo idea of tho rapidity with which he scored may bo gathered from" the fact that after boing at tho wickofei an hour nnd three- quarters be bad caught Scotton, who had been in nearly fivo hours7 and in exactly two hours had compiled his century. Scotton at length succumbed to Giffen, being caught at forward point by Scott, who had crept in vory close, anil the left hand batsman was deservedly cheered for his splendid display of dofcnco. .9—90—332, The ninth wicket had put on 151 runs, and thus destroyed all chauco of tho match being fiuislicd within the time. Tho last man, Peato, hit Giffen to leg for 4, and Read drova Boyle in one over for two 4's and a couple, hut in attempting to pull him off the leg stump was clean howled, uud tho innings closed. 10 — 117 — 34(1, There being an hour to spare tho Englishmen followed their innings, being205 rims to the bad, Barlow and LyttoUou being first batsinen' The nmatour scored rapidly oil- both Spofforth and Boylo, but the latter deceived him by change of pace, and bowled bim with a slow one. 1 — 17 — 22. Shrewsbury followed, and scored so quickly that iu 28 minutes from tho start 50 appeared, tlio new comer dolightin- tlie spectator by hitting 111 good style eight 4's out of Uia total of 87 i but inattcmpting toput Giffen to leg he was smartly caught by Scott at forward Bhort leg, tho board showing 2 37 73\. Lord Harris and Barlow plavcd ont time, and at Imlf-past six play ceased, and tho match was drawn, tho Australians being still 202 runs to the good, with two of the Enobsh wickets downj In tho second innings, as"will be seen from tho analysis, Palmor was tho most successful of tho Australian bowlers, bnt Murdoch again I think mado tun little n'so of Boyle. Mr. Ircdalo, a stanch supporter of Australian cricket, who recently had the ball used against tho Gentlemen of Eniffand mounted in silver and presented to Blackham, also Becured tho 0110 olf which Murdoch mado most of his runs in this matcb, with tho inten tion of presenting it to tho Australian captain in allegorical mounting. In the evening, after the termination of tho match, the Australians and a party of frionds were untortuiued at dinner at the Cafe Terrv Regent- street, by Mr. W. H. Jennings, of Sydney. The following aro the full scores and bowl ing anulyaes Australia. — First Jmiiuja. P, S. Macdotmcll, 4,2, 1,1, 3,1,1.2, 1,1,1,4 4.1.1 1 2 4, 2,1, 1,1,1, 1,4, 1,2, 1,1, 4, 1,2,4,1,1,1, 1,1,2,' 4.2. S.V.' 4,4,4.1. c Ulyett, b Podto .. ,, .. -jqj A. O. Bannorman, c Read, b Poate .. 1 a W. L, Murdoch, 2.4,1,1,4,1,1,1,1,1.4,1,1.1.1 1.4 i o l#4p",li»ls-p2, ",2, 1,1, 2,2, 4,2,1,3,3,4.4,1, 8, 2, 1,1, 8, l»4,4,3,2,2tl,l, 4,1,1,4,1,4,1,2,4,2,4,1,3,1.1, 1,1,2V. <»4, 4, 1,1, 1,2,1, ,'3,3,1,4,4, 1,4,4, 2, 2,4, 1,1, 1,3, 2,1, c Peato, o Barnes 011 XL J. n. Scott, 3, 4,2,5, 1,4, 4, 1,1,4, 1.1, 1,4,1.2 4 S.Y 2,4,4,1.1,2,2,1.1,1,4,4,2,1,4,2,4,4,4 3,1 c Lyttel ton, b Barnes 150 a Oiirep, 3,2,3,2,1,1,1,2,2.4.1,2,1,4,2,1, 0 Steel, b Ulyett u. 82 G. Bonuor, 1,2,2,1,1, , c Itead, b Grace .. 3 W. W. Midwinter, 4,1,1,1,3.4,4,1,1,3,1,1,1,4 'c Grace, b Lyttelton .. .. -n .1. M. Blackham, 3,l,314,lIl,l,l,l,2,ij3,4,j'41 HjJ-' " b Lyttleton ,, .. .. . n. G, K. Palmer, 1,8,2,1,1, nnt out ,, " u F. R. Spofforth, 4, b Lyttelton , "" "4 H. F. Boylo, 1, c Harris, b Lyttoltou .. 1 Byes, 1,272,8,1 _ 7 Log byes .......... H 10 Total Bowliko ak4iwbib.— Peato. 252 balls, 26 maidens. 89runs,2wickots; Ulyett, 224 halls, 24 maidens, M runs, 1 wieket ; Steel, 130 balls, 7 maidens, 71 rubs : Barnes, 203 balls, 25 maidens, 81 runs, 2 wickets : BmIow, 200 balls, '22 maidens, 72 runs; Grace, 90 ballB, 14 maidens, 23 runs, 1 wicket; P-ond, 28 balls, 30 runs; Scotton, 20 balla, 1 maiden, 20 runs; Harris "0 balls, 1 m&idou;, 15 runs; Lyttelton, 48 balls, 6 maidons, 10 runs, 4 wickets ; Shrewsbury, 12 balls " maidens, 2 runs. ExabAKP.— First Innings, W. Q« Graco, 4,1,1,1,1,11,1,4,4, runout, .. .. 19 Vf. Scotton, 4,1, 2, 1,1, 1,1, 4,2, 1,2,1,3,1, 1,3, S,1.3,5>1 4.M,4.«,2'l,3,4,lt21l,4,4,l12.2,lJ,34.2,4,c6wtt7 bGifroa nn W. Barnes, 1,2,4,171,4,1,2, c Midwinter, b Spo'l- lorth ii— A. Shrewsbury, 1,4,1,4, c Blackham. b Midwinter 10 A. O. Steel, 4, 1,1, 1,1, 3, 3,2,1,1,1,1,?, id, 4. lbw b FnltDcr .. .. ,, «)j c RannormaD, b Palmer » . iq 11\. O. Barlow, c Murdoch, b Pairner o Lord Harris, 2,1,4,3.4, H>w, b Palmor " 14 A. hytU'Iton, 1,1,2, b Spofforth s W. \Y, Head, 4,2,4, 1.4, 4,4,4, 1,4, 4, 2, 2,4,1 4 4 » 4 liy Rye # ' g Lczbyea .. M " 7 Nohtlla M M " " « Hides.. Z Z Z H 0 Total .. .. „ .. 3J6 zjotttiko Analysis.— Ronnor. C2 balls, 4 maidens. 13runs, 6 widoa; Palmer, 2lCWUs,10ioaiUcDo,«0 runs. 4 wickets, 1 wide, 1 no bull t Spofforth, 282 balls, 31 maidens. SI ran1, 2 wickets, 1 no hall : DoyJ, 62 halls. 7 maiden?, 24 nine, 1 wicket ; Midwinter, 124 baps, ic m-Ai'ene, 41 runs, 1 wickot; Giffen, 204 balls, 13 maidons, 3d run-, I wicket, 1 uo ball ; Scott. 12 ball. 17 runs. Second Inolnsre. U. Q, Barlow, 1,2.1.1.2,4,1,1,1,1,1,1,4,1, not out .. ?1 A. Lvttolton, S,M, ",2,1,4, b I-oylo 17 A. Hnrewebury, 4,4,4,4.4,4,2,3,4,4,080011, b Giffou 87 Lord Harris, 1,2,2,1, uot out q Byes .. .. .. .. .. .. ,.8 Lejfbyo - l Total, for two wickets .. ... ,85 Bowliko Analysis.— Spofforth, 24 bolls, 2 maidens, 14 ruos ; Boyle, 32 balls, 1 maiden, 32 runs, 1 wicket Offfeo, ES balls, 1 maiden, IS runs, 1 wicket ; Mid' winter, 12 balls, 15- runs ; Palmer, 8 balls, 1 jualdea. 2 runs. . 