[?] Pawnbrokers' holiday time — Lent. The Queen's Pages — Those in her recont volume. It is a good thing to compose music, but it is of tea batter to compose oneself. ' What is laughter ? ' asks a scientist. It's the sound you hear all over the restaurant when the waiter drops a plate of hot soup down your back. At the Kindergarten. — u Now, children, what is fhe name of the meal you eat in the morning?' 'Oatmeal.' renliet the precocious member of the class. German friend — 'De bicture you haf tainted is most putiful; dere is only ron rord in de English language vish de scribes it, and I— haf forgotten it.' B. P. Shillabor, better known as ' Mrs. Partington,' is now over 70 years of age, and lives quietly in Chelsea, Mas*., occasionally writing for the press. Good health is catching, and all are benefited by contact w ith healthy people. Ill-health is also catching, and the most healthy person is depressed by long contact with the sick. ' You see,' said a lawyer, in summing up a case whera one party had sued the other on a transaction in coal—' you see, the coal should at once hare gone to the buyer.' ?? Not so,' in terrupted the judge ; ' it should have gone to the cellar.' A Frenoh marquis was riding out one day when he passed an old priest trotting along contentedly on a quiet donkey. ' Ha t ha I ' disdainfully exclaimed the marquis. ' How goeth the ass, good father V ' On horseback, my son, on horseback,' replied the priest, amicably. Impossible.— A street preacher who was addressing a crowd recently, exclaimed, ' I know what you'll think, many of you ; you'll think I am beside myself ! ' ' Moa, noa,' exclaimed an auditor ; ' hoo on airth can we think that when thoo hes such a heap o' .thy pals aboot thoo t ' A correspondent says that ' Lianfairpwichgunyugergob wlchilandyssiliogogo,' the name of a Welsh parish, is pro nounced as if written thus :— ' Thlanvirpoolchgwingergobool* chthlandisiliogogo.' This is important if true. We are almost ashamed to confess that we never pronounced it that way. We shall make no mistake hereafter. It is ton simple a word to knowingly mispronounce, ♦ Dr. Garth, of Edinburgh, stumbling into a church one day while the sermon was in progress, found the preacher in tears as he poured out words, not thoughts, upon his listening con gregation, ' What makes him weep 1' asked the doctor of one standing near him. ' By my faith,' was the answer, ' and you would weep too if you were in his place and had as little to say !' ' Come along, my dear fellow,' responded the doctor to bis new acquaintance, ' come and dine with me ; you are too good a,uuu to be here.' According to a new regulation, the municipal schools of Paris' are now regularly visited 'each fortnight by approved medical inspectors. These look carefully at the children in their classrooms, and in the event of their discovering signs. of a con tagions disorder the teacher is communicated with, and. the child sent home, to reoeive a subsequent call from the doctor. The municipality employs 136 physicians for this, purpose, and expect to materially diminish measles, mumps, scarlet fever, and the like, by such attention. Weslon, has finished his teetotal task. But already there — is a horrifying rumour abroad that another pedestrian is in train ing who drinks nothing but beer, and intends to walk just one mile more per diem than Weston has been doing. After that, a whisky-man will perhaps do the 'best on record.' Then the spirited proprietor of some American cordial will prove that a man can walk faster and keep it up longer on his drink than on anybody else's. The temperance party have opened up a grand field lor the advertisement of drink. A man once stood up at a market-place in the East and said, 'I have been ordered by the King to collect all the well born and well-bred and bring them before him, because he wishes to reward them.' Everybody that heard him joined him, and ho went towards the palace surrounded by the whole town. Then he suddenly turned round and said, 'The King has just sent me word that he means to help onlj those that have been ill-bom, and ill-bred, to matte up for their misfortunes.' The crowd lingered behind for a while, and then one after another joined the man as ill- born and ill-bred to merit the. King's gifts. The man said, ' The world goes as the wind blows,' Cold diminishes the conducting power of nerves for nerve- force, whereas it increases the conducting power for elec tricity ef solids or fluids. The crushing of a nerve, or tying ic tight and afterwards relaxing it, will interfere witn the future passage of the nerve current, whereas bruising will have no effect upon the metal wire. Nerve-force hence,' it is clear, differs from electrical torce, although it would appear to be correlated to it, in the same way that it may be said to be correlated to chemical force, with the heat developed in the muscle, and even with the peculiar molecular motions which produce muscular .: - contraction and all its physical and mechanical consequences. . .; In short, 'Brace Up.'— ' Young men, you are the architects of your own fortunes; rely on your own strength of body and soul. Take for your star self-reliance. Inscribe on 1 your banner, * Luck is a fool, pluck is a hero.' Don't take too much advice, keep at the helm and steer your own ship, and remember that the art of commanding is to take a fair share of the work. Think well of yourself. Strike out. Assume your own position. Put potatoes in a cart, go over a rough road, and small oneB go to the bottom. Rise above the envious and the jealous. Eire above the mark you intend to hit. Energy, in vincible determination, with a right motive, -are the levers that move the world. Don't swear. Don't deceive. Don't read novels. Don't marry until you can -support a wife.. Be civil. Read the papers. Advertise your business. Make money and do good with it-. Love your God and fellow-men. Love truth and virtue. Love your country and obey its laws.' Facts and Theory.— CondiUac has astoryof a philosopher who plumed himself on having discovered a principle which explained all the most wonderful phenomena of chemistry, an* which in the ardour of self-satisfaction he hastened to communi cate to a great chemist. The latter lent a patient ear to the ex position, and anhe close of it quietly -told the discoverer that there was one unfortunate drawback in the case— namely, that the facts in chemistry were exactly the reverse of what the ex positor had supposed. 'Well, then,' rejoined the discoverer, \-- be good enough to tell me what the facts are, that I may ex plain them by my system.' When Delon, the Frenoh mesmeric physician, was twitted with the fact of the decease of a noble patient whose cure he had pledged his reputation to effect, bis reply was, ' Ah, you were away while the cure was in progress ; you have not been able to follow the progress of it ; he died cured* ' — 17 est mart gucri. The ninth chapter of Arbuthnot's ' History of John Bull' relates how an imposing empiric undertook to cure Mrs. Bull of her ulcer— how his patient grew worse and worse, though he declared this to be a gross mistake, and that she never was in a fairer way. ' Bring hither the salve,' Bays he, ' and give her a plentiful draught of my cordial.' As he was applying the ointment and administering the cordial, the patient gave up the ghost, and the doctor swore there must be foul play, for he was quite sure his medicines were infallible. There is a notable case in the Irish Law Courts of a judgment given on the presumed death of a man's wife, who, as it turned out, was not dead, and was produced in court with a view to the reversal of the judgment; but the Court, with the living woman before their eyes, pronounced her dead and confirmed the judg ment, wbicu could not fce reversed, ??''-. ^ , ^^ 