^ttmkxt* WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SABAH DOUDNEY, Author of ' A Woman's Glory,' &c; 'When we two parted In sHencfi and tears, Half broken-hearted, To sever fox years.'— BraoN, Cttaptee XHL— The Shade op the Cedabs. Thing? were turning oat according to airs. Wigmore's expectations; and she could only stand still and look on, a little vexed, per hap?, that she could not shape other people's lives as she desired. Her cherished day-dream, the marriage of Dates with the heiress, had already become 6 thing ot the past. It had been quite a bright re»lity before her brother had actually come to Kettle! ord and seen Kathleen Nether dale -, she had spent many a happy moment in constructing her little plans for her dear bey's good and in persuading herself that Zoe, cr.ee married, wonld: develop rapidly into a most amiable character. Even Miss Peimonfs haughtiness had given way under the charm of Nina's kindly manner ; and she -had been so civil that the good little matron honestly believed herself capable of direct* irjg that wayward life into a new channel. And then, in the twinkling of an eye, the dream was swept away. Darcy was always going to the vicarage, and Kathleen (she thought a little fretfully) was not backward 'It is all so absurdly sudden, Charlie,' she said to her husband. He laughed gaily. ' They are as bad as Oliver and Celia— they 'no sooner met, bat they looked; no sooner looked, bat they loved ; no sooner loved, bat they sighed; no sooner sighed, but they asked one another me recueuu , uu suimer — 'Oh. Charlie, have they gone so far as that? It really is not proper of them to be tso fast. Has Darcy been talking to you ?' ' Why should he talk to me?' ' Well, yon seemed to know so much, that I thought he had taken you into confidence.' 'I was only speaking of Oliver and Celi».' ' I don't care anything about Oliver and Celia ; you are dreadfully fond of quotations, and somehow they always confuse my brain.' ' Why do sou tax your brain with matters that don't concern you, my dear?' 'Charlie - As if my own brother's happl resa didn't concern me !' He became more serious. 'Nina, dear, I wish I could teach you to see that a man \- wants to make his ownhappiness. He doesn't want jou to manufacture the article and .present it to him ready-made, just as if it were a sofa-cushion or a smoking- eap.' *' Ton hurt my feelings when you are s itlri eaL' 'By satire is of the mildest kind; I am sure it can't be pungent enough to hum any one.' 'But, Charlie, you were insinuating that I had soright to influence ; that Darcj'a affairs -would get on ever so much better without me. No one knows his character so well as I do, ?and I always used to manage him beautifully in his younger days.' Mr. Wigmore sighed. ' Heaven defend me from the friend who sajs he knows my -character ? He is the man who always makes me take things that disagree with me ; offers me sherry when I am pining for claret, and insists on my eating beef when I secretly sigh for a mutton cutlet. Why, oh, why are people so fond of managing other people, and regulating their lives, loves, and digestions, and — worst of all — their souls ?' 'I wouldn't undertake the responsibility of managing anybody's soul for the world ! What an awf al idea 2' said Mrs, Wigmore, shocked and startled. 'But you are quite ready to undertake the management of the affections. If you had jcur will, you would seize upon two persons who have hardly spoken to each other, and tie them together for life. Oh, Nina, Nina, how glad I am that I was strong enough to choose a wife for myself, and not accept one from the hands of match-makers !' 'Bnt we were made for each other, Charlie.' It was a pretty sight to see Nina's look as she said those words. ' O( course it would have been a sin if any one had tried to interfere with us. We knew our own minds -so well. But when there are two disengaged .people who are thinking of nothing in par ticular-—' 'There is surely no harm in putting marriage into their heads,' he laughed. 'Well, I think there is. But Darcy is quite safe from your machinations, my dear. I -saw, from the first, that he wouldn't be a pliable man.' Mrs. Wigmore sighed, and then said after a pause that she was a little disappointed in Kathleen. ' Are yon ?' asked her husband drily. 'Well, yes; she is so— so— the reverse of ?coy.' ''Sheisafrankwcman,' he replied; 'but -she does not 'cheapen paradise.' A girl may set a due value on herself without being prim ; I don't think I admire your coy maidens overmuch.' Nina ughed again, and- went away to preside over Bosj's afternoon tea. Bat although all the dolls were seated round their table, each provided with a cup and sanoer, fiosy turned an expectant glance towards the nursery door. ??I fought Uncle Darcy wss tummlflg,'sbe rema'ked. 'No, dear; he is very much engaged this afternoon,' taid Mrs. Wigmore, with a third sifch. ' So we must make up our minds to do without him.' '-Be was indeed very much engaged. The vicarage, aswekcov, was enclosed in iis garden, and protected from the Hi?b ttreet by a high stone waJL Visitors ente .-ed 'by sn iron gate, and traversed a grarellsd path wincing between thickly growler laurels befctethey reached (his hall door ; and it wen tee general opinion that there was an aspect - of gleem about the house and grsanJa. The old eedsrs covered the lira with deep ttedovs, erd all over the u?v»» there was a (Jrcciny f-HismcriDg cf light* sod sbiie, oad a puwlf ar.iir of retirement and asdmlop. So ayman had ever dwelt there; viear after vicar lad lived and 'died in the quiet home; and She Ticars of NetUefield had ever been known ?s godly meo, even in an ago when clerical sanctity was far rarer than ft is nowadays. There were rows of espalier apple trees in the garden, and two or three venerable pear tree*. Peaches ripened on their own sunny wall; golden plums were a rich boon in AngnBt; altogether there were more fruits than flower*, and somehow these sheltered walks .teemed to be the especial domain of autumn. People were wont to say that they could never imagine children frolicking In the vicar age grounds; yet small boys and girls had been known, in bygone times, to drag their toy cuts along the old gravelled paths ; bat they must have placed their games in a decorous and sober fashion. Iiovera, however, might find tbe dense evergreens a convenient screen, and many a vow might have been safely whispered, and msny a kiss exchanged n the sheltering gloom of the laureli and yew hedges. Along one of those secluded paths, Captain BoBworth and the vicar's daughter were slowly ~ So deep were the shadows, that Kathleen had left her hat ljing on the lawn, and walked with head uncovered, -while a few stray sunbeams flickered over her silky hair, ted-brown, and crisped to the very roots. It was the kind of hair that can never be braided neatly, nor arranged according to rule, and which seemed to partake ot the redundance cod vigor of her whole being. 'I am glad you like this formal old garden,' she was eaying. 'Most people think it gloomy and prim, hut I love a place where old traditions have had time to grow. There is eo charm in your modern villa gardens where lbs gardener swiftly conjures up the gaudy flower beds; he m»y give you his maeses of gay color, but only Father Time, tie beat gardener in the world, can produce shade. lam fond of the solemn dusk of these evergreens ; they shut out the present, and preserve the associations of the past.' 'I thiokyou takes) favorable view of every thing,' smiled Captain Bosworth. 'You would have found some merit, even in a modern villa garderj, if you had had to walk in it every day. But you are quite right ; there is a quaint beauty here.' 'I am sot sure that beauty is the right woid. This isn't exactly a pretty place ; it is too sombre for prettinees, but it is haunted by memories. 1 like to think of the women In thick brocaded silks and mob caps who have been here before me; even if I met a ghost or two I should not be at all afraid. It is the same with the house, when we first came I was never tired of going from room to room, ssd fancying I heard the whispers of the old inmates. I confess I trembled a ittle in the stndy ; it was awful to think how many sermons had been written there. I took shame to myself for having been such a frivoller.' 'Sorely your life hasn't been all fri volity?' ' jSo (with a little sigh) ; but I have had to make mirth for our household, and it hasn't always been easy work.' He looked at her with ever-increasing In terest. 'It is an enviable power,' he said. 'Every cheerful person deserves a medal. We live in rather a gloomy age. Talking of gloom, did you eee that rather sad- looking man who was with MissDelmontat the flower show ! Who washed ' I have forgotten his name. Bat Zoe ought not to have sad faces about her, poor child.' ' Her fete will come off soon, I suppose. Do yon mean to go ?' he asked. ' Yes, we shall certainly go. I'm very glad to be friendly with Zoe,' she answered, with her ueual frankness. ' I felt sure that the quarrel wasn't of your making.' be said, ' There was never any quarrel. I can't even imagine how such an idea got into people's beads; they all seem to think that Zoe and I had had a dreadful fight in our school days, and couldn't possibly be civil to each other afterwards. Thatfethe general impression; and Mr?. Wigmore shares it, doesn't she ?' 'I believe she does,' he admitted, smil ing. 'Her manner amuses me.' Kathleen's eyes gleamed with fun. 'She expends a great deal of diplomacy in avoiding all men tion of Zoe in my presence. If anyone starts the Delmont subject, she is ready in an Instant with come other theme; and I see her casting cok of warning at the thoughtless talkers. It is very kind in her, in fast, I don't know anybody kinder than Mrs. Wigmore, bat it's a waste of tact. There was nothing in the shape of a fuss between Zoe and me, we parted quietly and civilly, withont any word* at all.' 'But coldly, I suppose?'' ' Very coldly.' The sparkle of mirth died cat of the limpid eyes. 'You'll think me abnadiy sentimental ; bat that cold parting was my first grief, and I can't quite forget it. We were inseparable friend*, Zae and I, till her uncle died suddenly, and left hotjOiken burstr She drew away from me art' once, without giving the least reason. I never knew how I had offended her.' There was a shadow on the bright face, but no resentment. She went on, after a moment's pause. 'Zoe might have fancied, perhaps, that I should presume on the old intimacy, and be troublesome. You see, I was only a curate's daughter, and very poor. She might have thought that I should be asking favors ; girls don't always understand each other's natures, and she never knew how srond I reallv was. Mine was the kind of pride Chat never came to the surface.' Darcy tbonght within himself that he could understand her very well. Under that sunny, gracious manner, lay the strong will of a high-spirited woman, and the independence of a noble heart. ''The right pride always docs lie hidden,' be said; ''its only the wrong sort of pride that is perpetually being flaunted before our eves. There ate people who are never happy unless they are displaying1 something; and pride, they think, makes abraveshosr. They carry it about like a banner, and flourish it on all occasions.' ' Ifs a nuisance to see anything flourished ; it nearly always exasperates,' she replied. ' But you know now that tbe so-called feud ? is a trifle, light as air?'' she added earnestly. 'And Zoe, 1 think is beginning to under stand me better ; it was not nice to feel that we were looked upon as sworn enemies.' With that she dismissed the subject. Not ote word did she ssy about the loving services that Zoe had so ill requited ; not one word about the heiress's influence over Mr. Delmont, Turning out of the prim alley she led the way to the lawn, where the tea-table was set under the cedars. If Werther fell in love with Charlotte when she cat slices from the brown loaf, it was just at easy to adore Kath. leen when she poured out tea. Like Char lotte, she were 'a robe of simple white ;' but a few crimson roses took the place of the 'pink ribbons;' and elender rays of sun shine, slipping through the thick foliage, added golden touches to the fair picture. The Vicar came out of the study and joined his daughter and Captain Bosworth, but there were so other visitors'. Wherever Kathleen was, she created a kind of homely paradiae around her and Darcy was jealously glad that there was no one to divide with him the pleasures of her society. Mr. Neth erdale talked little, leaving the conversation chiefly to the two young ones yet never fail ing to show an interest in all that they said. Afterward*, that quiet scene under the cedar, became one o' Darcy's favorite memory ? pictures. Kathleen in her white gowD, Bitting in the summer shadows and lights; the tea-service on the rustic table; her work-basket and straw hat lying on the grass ; every detail was remembered in after year*, when time and sorrow had made trifles holy. Scores of other pictures (painted in more brilliant colors, perhaps (had passed away ; bnt this Ecene lived on, and would keep its tender tints onfaded to the last. He lingered after the vicar had returned to the hocse; and Kathleen, if she had any domestic duties to perform, seemed strangely inclined to leave undone the things that she ought to have done. The enchantment that had cotne over her was turning her whole life into a poem ; and yet she was wise enough to know, all the while, that it is only the proie that lasts. This golden atmosphere could no t be lived in for ever ; even the happiest love mutt have its chills and disillusions. The gathered fruit, though sweet and wholesome enough, can seldom quite console us for the Ion of that dreamy blossom-time when all oar hopes were young. No passer-by could thrust his head into this retirement, and spoil the quiet hour on the velvety lawn. Callers had to follow the path between the laurel hedges before they coald approach the house ; and the town- world was effectually shut out by the high brick walls. A silence had fallen on the pair under the cedars— one of those perilous pauses which are co often broken by impulsive words, 'I wofider how many secrets have bees ?whispered here I' said Dircy, suddenly. ' I would trust these cedars; they are net garrulous trees like lennjson'a talking oak, who ' Bid his knotted knees in fern.' and peeped into ladies' windows.' 'But that tree was the dearest of old gossips,' Kathleen answered. 'Nobody iFCuld ever confide in a cedar as in an oak.' 'They have no babbling powers; the foliage is too close for gossipping. I think, en tee whole, I would sooner take a cedar it Id my confidence thsn any other tree.' ' Too solemn,' Kathleen shook her sunny hesd. 'They would despise your frivolous revr-iations. They might help statesman to tsttb tGHiksipli^; or Churchmen to plan stfcf mt-s cf icdesfcsUcjit reform?, bat thev rr n)d fc&ve; ro tyv, pathy vyith ordiE&ry; people like you acd mtv' - .- - 'Yet they sheltered oar tea-table eon. deMendiBglj enough. ?? 1 had no ides $hey could adapt tlteauelvpa so well to the needs of a household group. You cant Inspire me with an awe of them, Hies Metherdale; I shall come here again and know ihem better »tflL' She stooped to piok ap her work-basket; he bent, too , and their hands touched. The sward under the trees was flecked here and there with golden dashes of light; insects hummed; the place was full of shadows and soft murmers of peace. 'I must go now,' he said. 'But Nina's garden will seem very prosaic after this.' 'You mustn't say so ; she prides herself on her garden,' Kathleen replied, .'and her flowers are better than mine. Ihavenoroaei like hers.' 'Haven't you! Then I will bring you some of bet's to-morrow, and you will send her some of yours in return. Next day I shall call again with her love and thanks. And the day liter ? ' ' Remember Sydney Smith's counsel — take short view*,' she said, laughing. Chapter XIV.— At Oakbnbddbst. While Captain Bosworth was drinking tea under the cedars at the Vicarage, Giles Iiyon court was idling away the afternoon at Oakenhnnt. But the idling was merely a pretence; he owned afterwards that be was working harder than he had ever worked in his life. It was no light labor to gain the favor of Itiss Delmont^ The ladies of olden times, who set such tremendous tasks to their suitors, were scarcely more difficult to win. Zoe would have flung her glove to the lions without a moment's compunction, and com manded her lover to bring it back. Or she would have calmly ordered him to go out and slay a dragon or a giant ; or have asked him a riddle which he must guess or be hanged. And although as a nineteenth-century maiden she could do none of these things, she yet con trived to make the work of wooing her a ter rible undertaking. In tbe first place, it seemed impossible to find any avenue that led to her heart ; you tried eje-gate and ear- gate without the slightest success, and you felt that she was blind to yonr delicate attentions, and deaf to your eloquence. Nor was this all, for she was as touchy as a spoilt child, and you might ruin your whole game by inadvertently offer ice her the wrong toy. Yet in spite of all discouragements Giles was resolutely toiling on, and Mrs. Gosse wondered more and more at hU determina tion. .*, , _./ He was play ing-foe high stakes,' it is true ; but in his youth he haofbeen. almost too in dolent to struggle for anything, and Sophy remembered, #tth a pang, ths$ only one prize bad ever tempted hiialto exert hiauelf in the past. Well, everything was changed, and he was now striving as hard to win wealth as he had once striven to win love. And he had really made some progress, Zoe tolerated him, and even condescended to consult him about her fete. Yes, Sophy was constrained to acknowledge to herself that he had prodnced no unfavorable impression; bnt then she had been true to her promise, and helped him in a hundred subtle ways. She had helped him, but in her heart she knew that she did not want him to succeed. ?Xney Had sauntered about in the grounds, and now, at five, tea was brought into the shady room which Zoe called her boudoir. Glass doors opened on the terrace; just beyond the flower beds a fountain made flashes of silver light against a background of evergreens; the sunshine entered through a screen ot climbing roses, and Miss Delmont, sitting in the soft shadows of leaves and tendrils, was looking more contented than utual. ' I want to have a ball,' she was saying. ' Mrs. Gosse always objects to balls, she likes to send me to bed at nine. 'But you do not dance, Zoe,' said her companion. 'Other people get ail the pleasure, and it is tiresome to be a mere looker-on.' 'I believe I can dance now,' declared Miss Delmont, *' I'm ever so much stronger than I used to be. Lately I have been out a good deal, and I find that I can stand fatigue.'7 Sophy smiled. An hour or two spent at the flower show, a few calls, a few rambles in the grounds, and a daily drive— this was what Zoe called 'going out a good deal.' ' You promised to keep early hours, you know.' It was Giles's turn to smile as he listened to Sophy's honeyed accents. 'And. really, the Nettleford people must be quite sated with balls; they are always having them. Give them something more original.' 'Original.' Zoe echoed the word in scorn. * ' 1 heartily wish I could light npon something original just for my own delectation. We have the old stale amusements over and over again ; nobody ever hits upon anything new ; nobody ever succeeds in being amusing. I think human beings were sent into the world en purpose to bore each other;' 'They found that out long ago,' said Giles, in his languid voice. 'They were obliged toAeep jesters in every court, weren't thej?' \- 'I'll engage a jerter,' Zoe cried. 'He stall have a splendid dress, and carry a bauble ; and I'll let him say exactly what he likes.' ' I wouldn't answer for his head If he did,' said Sophy, shaking her own. ' And then he would so very soon dry up,' Giles remarked. 'A man— let him be ever io good a fool — must come to the end of his fooling. After you had had him a month, you would say, ' Where be your gibes now ?' ' 'But at any rate it would be something to be amused for a month ; four whole weeks ! I find it very hard to get throoeh one week,' sighed Zoe. ' Ob, me ! I think I'll offer a reward for the invention of a new game.' 'Have you ever tried flirtation ?' Giles asked. 'No. but jou surely don't call that a new game ?' 'It would be new to you if you had never triedit,' he replied. 'It requires too much patience,' she answered, haughtily. ' And then, too, men have a trick of passing from jest to earnest ; and that doesn't suit me.' There was a brief pause. He looked steadily at her with his dark-grey eyes, and the look set Sophy's pulses throbbing in an unaccountable way. Those eyes had pre cisely their old expression, she thought ; bat the eloquent gaze did not rest upon her now a-dBTs. It was fixed on Zoe. And yet— pshaw !— it was not on Zoe ; it was on O&ken-; hnrst and fifteen thousand a year that Giles Lyonccurt turned that glance of mute ten derness. Well-trained eyes can be made to taj acjthing; they can even speak a lan guage that has never been learned by the heart. 'I am forty,' said Sophy to herself. 'Fat, fair, forty, and a fool. He really does play his part uncommonly well.' Zee met the gaze, and there stole into her pale cheek just the faintest tint of rose. It made her look quite pretty, thought Mrs. Gosse. Happy Zoe, to be only threeand twenty and capable of a girlish blush ! What would Giles do next? Perhaps be wonld make seme unlucky speech and spoil everything. But the speech that he did make was well considered, and it told. ' If I were making love,' he said, ' I would not start with a jest It should be all in earnest from beginning to end. 'Then you would disdain to fetl your way ?' The voice faltered slightly. He smiled. ' I come of a race who never have felt their way,' he Bnswered. 'They always went straight over everything to the end they sought. In my judgment it's the best course, although it doesn't invariably lead to success.' Zee (a plebian on her mother's side) was always secretly moved by the claims of lone descent. A man without ancestors would never have had a chance of winning Oaken. hurst. There wss another pause, and the faint pink did not fade from her cheeks. Her glance fell before his, and her fingers played, a little nervously, with the gold buckle of her belt. Mrs. Gosse, sitting by the tea-table, was watching her too closely to lose the slightest sign of emotion. It was something quite new to see her stirred by a man's words ; but then she had seldom listened to wcrds like these. All her would -be Bultorsnaa approached her with a caution she had detected and despised. ' WeU,'said Zoe, speaking slowly at last, 'I think perhaps you are right. Bat we are forgetting the fete, and I want it to be dis tinguished from all other fetes. It'4 a sub ject that needs a lot of consideration.'' 'I've been cudgelling my brains to no pur pose.' Sophy felt that the time bad come for her to make a remark. 'Last night I lay awake for an hour trying to evolve a new idea : bnt all in vain.' 'fibs,' Zoe said, scornfully. 'Nothing of that kind would ever keep you awake at night*. You are not capable of thinking long about anything . save your own comfort. Unless we gave you a hard pUlow we should never disturb your clumbers.' Giles laughed ; and, Btrange to say, that Jangh irritated the ever-placid Sophy. ' I em not quite insensate,'! she replied ; 'but 1 have learnt that it doesn't ansver to devote all one's thoughts to another pentn.' 'That's a kssonthat I learnt long ago,' tsid Gi-es, coolly, 'and the earlier it is learnt the better. I thought you had mastered the gnat secret in your girlhood.' ' What great secret?' Zoe asked. 'Ihestcret of knowing how to take care cf ore* elf, and how to get through life as *fieily ss pcsiiHe,' he answered in his quietest tccr. ?? Ob,' taid Zoe, ' t never knew anyone who took life so easily as Mrs. Gosse ! Why, th* can mafeea sett anywhere, and line it with lie eoftett thiegf. If she ha« to sit up with ire, tbe find.' cot the best chair, and estab JiifciBberself icihebcst posture. Anight watch never hurts her as it hurts Botton, just because Botton doesn't understand Hie art of creating ease.' Again Goes laughed softly, and again Sophy felt as if she were stung. 11 1 am glad to know t*at yon have noticed poor Bolton'ssufferingst'shesaid, with most unwonted indisaretion. Zoe opened her eves a little more widely than usual. ' Oh, Bolton is well paid,' she returned carelessly. 'I sever expect my people to suffer for nothing. One can always secure good services for good remuneration.' 'There Is nothing that cant be bought with money, is there?' enquired Sophy, suddenly forgetting the prudence of yean, and speak ing with a quiet Insolenoe that aaiolutely startled Giles. 'Nothing,' the heiress answered with a hard little laugh. ' Service, friendship ? ' 'And love? Or such a very good imitation of love that inexperienced eyes can scarcely detect the fraud. You are quite right, Zje ; money can bny anything, or a magnificent counterfeit of anything.' There was not tie slightest quiver in Sophy's soft voice ; bnt Giles, who was looking at her, was struck with the sudden return of bloom and animation to her face. Her cheeks were softly flushed ; her eyes-shining ;and he coald not help tMwMtig that Miss Delmont seemed but a poor, meagre creature beside her com panion. Yet he was almost angry with his sworn ally; what she was about? He believed that she was talking at him. That was the wont of women; jou never could rely upon their services ;themost even-tempered of them had her moods, the coldest was likely to give out unexpected flashes ot fire. They were in capable of steadiness in anything. Bat, on the whole, Sophy had helped him very well; and he could but hope that she would return to her usual serenity. There was a frown on Zoe's brow. She had not quite caught the foil meaning of Sophy's remarks; but something in the tone had offended her. 'I want come more tea,' she said snap plehly. ' You sit there with the tray before 3 en, and forget your duties. You woold have teen that my cup was empty, if you hadn't been talking so much.' 'I'm sorry that I neglected yon.' Sophy received the cup from Giles with a hand that trembled slightly. He knew that she wonld have liked to smash that cup and saucer— ay, and overturn the tea table, and scald the heiress with boiling water. When a quiet woman does happen to lose the com mand of her temper, she is always tempted to give it full play. He hastened to come to her aid acd avert a catastrophe. 'How we have rambled away from the fete 1' he said. ' We had just determined to give it our serious attention when we started off after something else.' 'Oh, the fete!' cried Zoe, still peevish, 'I'mquitetiredoftheidea. It will be a stupid affair if it ever come to pass. There will be nothing In it to amute people ; they'll wander about the grouo ds and long to pick the flo wers, and then they'll all go home and abuse me for being so rich. I know their ways.' Giles seemed amused, and appeared to take her petulance for wit-. 'Yes. they will burn with envy,' hesild, auite caily. 'Human nature is apt to ba exasperated when it ought to be pleased sad grateful. Will you give up the fete, Misi Delmcntf ' I wonld give it up if I ha 3n't talked about it— that is, Mrs. Gosse has talked about it. She always does that sort of thing. If I have a sudden notion che circulates it all over the town, and then I am bound to act upon the whim of a moment.' 'Sophy will certainly break something now,' thought Giles, meditating a speedy Bnt he was mistaken. She had recovered her calmness, and spoke with her sweetest smile. 'I will try to curb this unruly tongue in future,' she said, pleasantly. ' But I don't think I said anything definite, dear. And the people are sure to be delighted with the most simple arrangements; I don'c believe in the ingratitude of human nature as Mr. JLyoncourt does.' ?'I foresee that my splendid festival will dwindle down into a common lawn-party,' observed Zoe resignedly. 'Mr. Uyoneourfc has been here all the afternoon, without making a single valuable suggestion.' 'I don't seem to have much to say for myself,' he acknowledged, with lazy meek nest. ' To me the calm of Oakenhurst appears too delightful to be broken by lawn-parties. When I am here I am wrapped up in selfUh enjoyment.' Zoe [glance at him with amusement in her eyee. The speech had flattered her. 'I suppose you are never brilliant when yon are perfectly comfortable?' she said. ' Never. I only emit flashes when I'm rubbed the wrong way— like cats,' he con fessed. ' We shall know what to do when you come again ;' she gave him her hand with a cordial smile. Bat when he was gone her face darkened once more- Sophy, on the contrary, seemed to brighten after his departure, and began to devote herself assiduously to Miss Del monr. - . 'I'm snre you must think me stupid to day.deai Zoe,' shesaidcaresungly. ' I havene ideas. But indeed I feel it isn't worth while to make a great effort to entertain the people. It will be pleasure enough for the to to come be d see this lovely place.' 'Mr. ttijoncourt evidently appreciates Oake nhnnt,' remarked Zoe, ' He is a man of taste.' Sophy was con sidering her words, and spoke slowly. ' And then we must remember all that he has lost. No wonder that he is happy in such a para dise; but it must be hard to leave it. Poor Giles Ljoncourt; is he beginning, 1 wonder, to have his dreams?' ' What kind of dreams V Instead of waiting calmly for an answer, Zoe got up and began to pace the room. ' Presumptuous dreams, perhaps. When I knew him first he expected to inherit as fiae a place as this ; I have told jou how he was disappointed. B at I think he has never given up the idea that he is born for ease and dignity, and I don't know any man who coald better fill a first-rate position.' Zoe was silent; but the faint blush tinged her cheek again, and Mrs. Gosse kne w ho w to interpret her silence. No more ,waa said just then, and the foun tain filled up the pause with its tippling music. Presently a little clock chimed six, and the two women went away to their rooms to dress for dinner. £*rd Beaconsfield is said to have once re marked that life is either an ennui or an anxiety. It was an ennui to Zoe, heartily tired of her splendor, and ever desk-fog some new thing. But to Sophy, with her hidden cares, her new and perplex ing emotions, it was an anxiety. 'I want him to be happy,' she thought, looking out of her window across the far reaching grounds, still bathed in golden sun light. 'I should like him to be rich; I should like this place to be his. But to see his life bound up with that fractious, feverish life! To eee him more wearied by her caprices than he has ever been by hia own troubles— how should I bear it, and know that it wss my doing ? Oh, if there were aoy other way in which I could serve him !' {To be continued.) 