Dorothy Forster* Bt Walter Besakt. Chapter XIX.— (Continued.) I made no answer. It was too much for me to bear, that be,-' ao noble aad so good, should sue thus humbly for so email a thing. 41 Let me see with those sweet English eyes,' he said, ' Let me be taught by that voice, which is all the music I care to hear.' 4,Oh! my lord, it cannot be. Nay, do not force a'poor girl agafast her conscience. First, — I am a simple gentle woman, and know not the manners of the Court What would her ladyship, your mother, eay of such a match ? ' 44 It Deeds not,' he answered, 'to consider my mother's objections, if she have any. She is now with her third hnabsnd. and has no longer anvrie-ht to bo oonsultni. That is not your reason, Dorothy.' like all women, I played round thB point as if I would 1 ' escape it. 44 Kext, my lord, yon want one who in manner and appearance would adorn the high place to which yoti will raise your Countess.' Here, indeed, he vehemently protested that tbste never had been, and never would be, one more beautiful, inora gracious, more worthy of the highest rank than the fair Dorothy. 41 Ana yet,' he said, these are not your reasons., Why, for yonr cake would I give up rank and dignities, with all my possessions, happy, with you, if T hid : to go to the plantatioiu) of Virginia, or the savage wilds of New 'ho, my lord; those are not my reasons. Alas! I have Imt one reason. Father Howard instructed me six moaths: ago what that reason would be.' ? ; 41 Dorothy, have you not listened to his arguments ? ' ' Indeed, my lord, I have read them' all, aad with a heart willing to be convinced, Heaven knows. Why, what should I have to reply when a scholar tells me this ana that ? How . can a poor woman do more than obey authority, and trust in the Lord? Yet just as your own honour keeps yon to the faith in which yoa were tralnel, eo doer mine forbid me to leave my own save by psrmission and authority of those who are my natural pastors and -masters. For if I did, I believe I should have no mora, as long aa I Hve.any rest or comfort in my conscience.' - ? He made no reply at. first to this. ? * 44 It is your honour, my Lord, as you have yourself ^41^ mp. Would it le to my honour if l, being too ignorant to decide on these grave questions, were to aband&n; the faith of my people, presumptuously rive them the lie, and'asaure so great a scholar as the l^rd Bishop of Durfaam that he is wrong? Can I4o this thing, my lord, even for yoar sake?' . ' * - » ,l Is this, then,' he asked Badly, 'the only thing which ; etends between na ? Good God ! That we should part \- because nriests cannot aeree ! ' ' Yes,'' I aaid. 'Tnere is nothing else, believe ma. Can your Lordship think that I am insensible to the offer of co much fioblexiees — eo far greater than any ' merit - of mine P Bat yet It is an obstacle whieh cannot be over* oome.*' ^'Kay; bat for my sake, Dorothy, listen to Mr. Howard, \- He wQl pine before yon, so plainly that there shall be no -'manner of doubt possible, reasons whioh shall compel y&u;, . -' Wfifumt thinkingof me at all, to oome Into the true Chnroh. 1 Would haye no pretended convert I do not ask yoa to : listen to hny arguments of mine ; for, indeed, I tun not a Doctorof Divinity : I know not how to defend the Church. \- There are others who pray daily at the altar for thy con -version. When I came from Dilston,- my aunt, whose heart yoa have, won — I mean the Lady Mary— whispered to '? *ne, ' Bdng ber back with you. Mr.- Howard is ready to ^esrfvo ber doubts, and I will pray for her.' ' I tdiook my head. There was more than a baas between JOB, , If it. bad -been only a mass, Mr. Howard might easily Jifevs removed ali scruples with ease, because Love would 'jiave gone before to clear the way. There was/ besides, die j -tall and venerable form of the Lord Bishop. He seemed at ,-ihia moment to^tand before me, upright as a dart,;warning :ine witha fro^a, which ^ inadaine tmnbte, not to sell my . conscienoe for a wedding ring. ^ 4, ®ujl we say,' Lord Derwentwater went «i, ' that your learning and rdaeon are more tb&n; a match for Mr. .JSowpud and all -the Chorchf If it be so, than oome .and convert him and all of na. Only oome and listen to iWm,' 'My Lord, I havemyown eople io consider, .as well as my own conscience. I doubt not— lam a very waak woman — that .the reasons of Mr. Howard, and the prayers of Lady Mary, and my own in clination would speedily effect the conversion which you desire. Yet I am strictly admCmUhed by the Bishop, Lord Crewe, that I already belong to a Churoh with authority , and that it is the Church of my father and mother.' 44 Dorothy ! It is for love. By heavep, if you love me as I love you, no priest, be h® Bishop or not, shall, stand between ns. Keep yoar own ^religion then, my jdew ; worship bow yon please. It must surely be a trae religion which cuch an angel would profess. Go to your own chnroh ; have your own priest— I will never interfere. Only softer me to have mine.' Then, indeed, was I for a moment overwhelmed, and felt as if, after all my doubts, heaven itself were opening to me. Each, -to keep his own religion! Why, what c-uld be a happier settlement P And love to remain ! Ah, happy ending ! Yet I know now fall well that bad I yielded, there would have been, worse trouble before m-9- and ths misery of being torn from my lover's arms when I thought myself folded securely there for ever. No one, on either side, | would have allowed the marriage; either I must be received . | into the Catholic religion, which the Bishop and Lady Crewe, to eay nothing of my father and Tom,' would never I permit, or Lord Derwentwater must come over to the | l*rolestanls — a thing which his people would, with all their i powers, oppose . I was saved by timely (nay. Providential) reason. I thought of the dismal condition of parents who agree not in religion, and would each fain being up the children in different way*, which must be intolerable to a mother ; and of the dreadful thing to live with a man whom yoa fondly love, bat whose eonl and ultimate fate make you tremble continually ; and to see your innocent children torn from the true 'fold, and brought up in the way ol superstition and error. Ail this I thought upon, quickly, ana without time to give it words, and then I strengthened my courage (though heart beat and lips were dry and hands trembled and knees were sinking), and bagged my Lord, humbly, to go away and leave me, because I could boar the vehemence of bis pleadings no longer. But (I added) I should never— no, not if my days were prolonged far beyond the earthly 8 pan — never forget the honour he had done me, and would I pray for bim night and morning, that he might obtain a wile worthy of him, and children brave and strong, with a long and happy life, and all the best and most precioas gins — yea, ana more — tnat the Lord hath ever vouchsafed to man. Then, being an honourable gentleman, although so torn and distracted by his passion, he desisted, doing and saying no more than to stoop and kiss me upon my fore head, with a ' Farewell, sweet Dorothy. Now must I g -. Whither, and what to do, I know not, and ctre no longer.' So 1 waa left alone, and, fitting down, could weep and cry to my heart's content How long I sat there I know not ; but presently I heard a step in the garden, and Mr. Hilyatd returned. ' I met my Lord,' he said. ' Distraction was in his look ; he bath mounted his horse and ridden away. Oh ! Miss Dorothy, my poor mistress, forgive me ; it is my fault —my doing — all. ' He threw himself upon his knees. 44 Drive me away,' he said, 44 1 deserve nothing less. For it was none but I who wrote to Lady Crewe and told her of my Lord's passion and your doubt. Had it not been for that letter, the Bishop would have known nothing, and long before he could interfere you might have been received in Dilston ChapeL You have been my friend and benefactress, end this is my gratitude. Let me call him back. Why, we need not go to Mr. Howard; I know all his arguments. In half an hour I will convert you myself. In a quarter of an hour f. will conyince you. I will even ask to be received with ytra, eo as to remain in your service. Be it on my' own soul ! It ia the least that I can do.' 1 bade him be silent, and leave me alone. Yet he was so repentant, and bo strangely moved, that 1 gave him my hand in token of forgiveness, and told him that there waa nothing to forcivo. Sometimes, since, I have blamed him for meddling. But, had he not informed Lady Crewe, the thing must have bsen told her by another, and, sooner or later, the whole business must be opened before her. Besides, he was but doing his duty to his mistress. Yet I have often wondered why, when toy Lord had me, eo to speak, in a melting mood— when my heart was. torn to pieces with pity and with love— he did not carry me away straight to the altar, when. I might have been ^converted, reoeived, baptised, confessed, and even married all in an hour, and bfefore there was time to remember the Bishop at all. Chapter XX.— FABfiWELL, SWEET LOVE! Nothing of jail thia waa told by me to Tom or to my father, though afterwards theylearaed it from Lady Crewe. . I saw my Lord once toon before he went away, bat not alone. Nevertheless he whispered, ' Dorothy, yoa have obbetii rightly ; all that yoa So k well done. Farewell.' And ao he went away, aad I lost the noblest lover that ever .wooedamaid. Shortly after I received from Lady Crewe a letter, which I copy oat for the consolation of other girl a ' wbo may ' be ' parted from their lovers . for conscience' or . religion's sake* The letter was not brought by the postboy, but one of the Bishop's running footmen, whe also carried with him a great parcel of fine things sent to me by her Ladyship, kindly, hoping thus to cnear my spirits by the contemplation * of black and silver fringe, Geneva velvet, -Btiusels lace, Italian silk, ' soft Indian stuifa, white saranet, \- blue aid gold atlas, flowered damask, and so forth. It ia cettainly a great solace to a woman, ia all the misfortunes of life to have inch things to look at, and I daresay many a sad heart may have been comforted by such apresint as was thus made to me. 44 My dear and loving niece,' her Ladyship wrote. 41 1 hear from a sure band that tbe admonition and advice of the Bishop in this grave affair between Lord i Derweutwater and yourself have been duly considered i by jou, and have borne fruit in your decision^ which 1 pity and am sorry for, while I cannot but approve it . A grievous thing, indeed, it is, for a woman to send away any gallant gentleman who offers his hand and his afiectionB (yet have I .sent away many) ; much more grievous is it when that gentleman is audi an one as my Lord ot Derwentwater. a man born. 1 am narsuadnd. tn h« loved by all, a young gentleman of excellent parts ana great sweenees, not 'to speak of his exalted tank andhis neatness to the Throne. Among the many offers which 1 received and refused, there was tot one so important as this. Indeed, my ' dear, the conquest of -this admirable, young gentle man, though it surprises me not, since the beauty of the women in our family hath ever been oonpled with that moat excellent gift, the power of attraction, yet it greatly raiaeyou in the estimation of all. There is not (believe me) a yonng woman in all England wbo would not long to have 1 so blave-a lover at her feet, and it will beall your life a subject of gratitude and thankfulness that this has hap pened to yon. Sat If 1 admire your fortune, child, iu thia affair, 1 admin yoar behaviour more in letting him go. Orievonsit is, 1 say, aad my heart bleeds for your sorrow. Yet, my dear, on the other hand, consider, j pray, how much more grievous would it be to have taken him. For, jntt as he ; «an never change the religion In which he waa brought up, which is that of his father, of his mother, of his grandfather, King Charles, and of his cousin, the Prince; ao yoa, for your part, can never change your own, whichis that of all the living Forsters, whether of Ether ston or of Bamborough, Or of Yorkshire, or of Jamaica, and that of yoar illustrious node, the Bishop of thia diocese. Picture to youreelf the distracted household iu whioh the father ia a Papist and the mother a Protectant ; the children inclining now thia way, now that, aa they a re swayed by their father's or their mother's influence; the onfortonate parent?, fearful each for the future lot of the other, and trembling continually tor fear whether Heaven can be assured for those who hold to this or to that belief. My daar, thou hast saved thyself from suoh a fate in th;s decision and conclusion to wmch thou hast arrived. Where fQre leam to look upon .the Earl as a friend who cannot pofaibiy become a husband any more , than if ha were a Mother, sndlet thy heart be free toliaten to the persuasions of other and more fortunate men. Meantime, forget not to ' take comfort in the thought that thou haat obeyed the admonition of -thy Bishop— a thing much more pleasing to . Almighty jQod than the mere following of the inclinations and temptations of the heart. This, in after years and upon ' thy deainbed, will afford thee such satisfaction and com fort aa the memory of a short period of passion oould never secure. Wherefore, my dear niece, I leave thee to thy reaignationas a Christian, to thy obedience as a daughter of the Churoh of England, to thy pride as a Forster, to bring thee quickly to a cheerful and contented mind. Oa thia matter, for the present, enough. My Lord, I am thankful therefor, continues in each health'and strength as is sur \- prising m a man of his years. To him belongs the blessing of long continuance in the land. We hear good news con cerning the temper ef tbe conntiy, which promises to assume a settled resolution of lojalty. I know very well on which side my niece will be found. Best assured, therefore, that thou haat in tea alwaysthe same affectifSa and desire for thy welfare. Thy loving aunt, 44 Dobotht Ceewjs.' In this way, therefore, did my love afory end- Because my lover waB so gallant and comely a man, all other mea have since appeared small compared with him. Nor have I ever been able to endure the thought of a second lover ; though many have offered themselves, includ:ng that faith ful pair, w ho would never tako nay fer ah answer, Peregrine Widdington and Ned Swinburne. Thus it ia that, though an unmarried woman, I have learned to distinguish and to understand very clearly the symptoms of love, which are various, and differ with every man, one becoming melan choly and another joyful, one hanging his head and another darning, one afraid and another oonfiaent; bat always the same hungry look in every eye— the same lookaa I seen in my Lord's eyes, though in him mueh more noble and dignified. But never again, towards any other man, did I feel the same glow in my own heart, the same yearning— almost too strong to be endured — to see that look again. Therefore, 1 think that, though a woman may perhaps make a good wife even to a man who has never touched her heart, we ate all eo constituted by nature that we can love but one man. This is the high and sacred mystery of welded life, ordained by Heaven for the mutual support and comfort of man and woman. I have missed that chief blessing* it is true ; but I have not missed tbe gift of a man's love. It would be foolish to relate how dull were the daya and bow tedious tbe duties of the boase after my Lord left me. A girl crossed in love ia ever a sorrowful creature ; all such dol pi'y from my heart, remembering the pain and angniah which at the'time I endured. In such a juncture then and at the outset is no comfort in anything— not even in lace and silks ; nor any joy in the day, nor any rest at night For the morning brings the thought that there will be no happiness in the day, and the sun uprising only renews the pain of \eeterday ; in the night, the face of him who is loBt comes bade in dreams, and hangs about the pillow like the face of a ghost I saw that ghost by night, and had those memories by day. When Mr. Hilyatd read to me I heard not ; when he played sad music to me I sat in my chair and listened not ; when he talked to me I heeded not Yet he never wearied in reading, talking, and playing to me, and Waa a mnaf nafinnf fVi /?»*» ffnl /iraafnva A 4 mma!« /ha (Va *v«*o a iuudi u(»uduii| tiiuuguiiui vigavuiw* n v ouvii uuio mao thing's which happen paES before our eyes as in a dream, and we see them not, and think' nothing strange. Why, I remember now that Jenny Lee came to me one day, and, alter saying that she could not bear to see her mistress thus go Btill in sorrow, telling me she knew how to get from her grandmother a love potion, which, if I pleased, die would at nd by a sure and£secret hand to DQston Hall, to bring back my Lord, so that, nilly willy, he should not chooBe but come. Instead of rebuking the girl, and soundly boxing her ears, I only shook my head and said nothing. Yet this is some thing strange — that a servant-maid should offer to practise sorcery, and her mistress should not reprove her. Let all this pass : time brings patience and understanding. What had been done was for conscience and fair religion's sake. Afterwards, but not for a year or two, Lady Crewe told my brother Tom what had happened, and it was counted as an honour to us all that my Lord had proposed and I had lefused. At this time my father, being now somewhat advanced in years— namely, between fifty and sixty — was aweary of the long journeys to London and back, and therefore resolved to retire from the House of Commons. I knew not what passed between Lady Crewe and Tom on the subject of living in London, but I suppose that she agreed to hie&r; his charges, so that he should make an appearance ia the great town worthy of hiB position in the country and his plaoe as a E night of the Shire. Certain it is that he was elected, being the seventh Forster in unbroken line who thus repre sented his county in Parliament. 