Sftetcber. Black Bess. J By Mbs. M. l. Rayne. Was it a dream ? We certainly did not think so at the time, nor have I, ir all the years that have gone by since, had occasion t® change my mind about it. In deed, the conviction that it was not a dream has grown with my growth and strengthened with my strength, and the prominence which it assumes as a part of the events of the past confirms and sus tains that conviction. If not a dream, what mas it ? There are certain psychological conditions in people of abnormal temperament in which pheno mena are recurrent and uuexplainable. You may uot be able to see ghosts in. disembodiedjspirits with your natural sight, but when the friend of years tells you with the most solemn assevera tions that some one long since dead has appeared to him in bodily shape, will yon dare to deny his word or affirm that it was a delusion ? The eyes are wonderful mediums of vision, and the soul is an occult philosopher, and "There are more things in Heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." The Scotch people are believers in second sight. My mother was a lineal descendant of the old Scotch Covenanters, a grand, strong woman, with out (apparently) a weakness of sentiment or super stition. How gloriously she whipped us when we were boys, not in a temper, like a virago, but with the calm force of a Spartan mother, until we had learned to abhor lies and tale- bearing, and were able to conquer effectually the large deposit of the old Adam which muddled our moral natures. We were a large family, one of the old-fashioned kind, regular and numerous as steps to a stair. When my elder sister was married and living at home I was a little fellow in roundabouts, and I often thought—with perhaps a slight tinge of dis satisfaction—that it was like having two mothers at once. Next to my sister came the pride and honor of our family, Roderick, my eldest brother. He was a tall, fair-haired lad of 22, but like a man of the world in all his ways. He was our business head, since my father's death. My father was a minister of the old kirk, and preached till he died. Roderick was to have been a minister, too, but he always said no ; the world's work was best for him, and it was when he was doing his best work in the business ranks, buying and sell ing and making a clean heap of money to add to the old estat-;—well might we younger ones be proud of our braw elder brother; and then it was mother had her dream ! But voas it a dream ? Our mother was not a dreamer, nor did we know she had any gift of second sight. Often-we : would sit aUmt her in the gloaming and beg her [ to tell ns eerie stories of fetches and appearances, but she never did, declaring aH such foolish gossip as pernicious to our minds. So she snng us heroic songs instead, or recited the valiant deeds of her ancestors on the field of Flodden, or told us Bible stories that were like romances as she related them in her stern, deep voice and j commanding manner and strong Scotch idiom. But as often as we dared, one or another would summon courage to say in the half dialect we | used in the family: " Mither, tell us what ye saw whin fayther deed." Then her eyes would glow like two live coals deep in her head, and her voice would sound as if it came from some great distance, and she would say in that still, soft way that has some thing hushed and awful in it: " Ye'll no remember the day. But to me it's as clear as yestreen, I waur biding at home alone, for you, Allan, waur a baby. It waur a Sabbath, and your fayther preached as he aye did at Ordequill Kirk, and it waur not time for them to be back whin I lookit out and saw your father coom up the hill; he waur pale as death, an* I thocht it waur his last sickness, he lookit that ghostly white." " An' thin, mither ? " we would hurry her with, as she stopped and looked down. " There's nothing more to tell," she would say wearily. " It waur no your fayther at all; he died i' th' pulpit, a half hour afterward, wi'out a word of warning. What I saw come up the walk and which never came in at the door waur his wraith come to give me warnin'. Now, children, rin awa', and vex me no mair." When ye younger ones spoke to Roderick about it he. always said mother was overtired and dreamed that, but we had not settled it in our own minds when what follows happened. Roderick had been away for a week on some business of land selling he was engaged in, and we were expecting him home on a Saturday night in time for supper with the family. But he did not come, and we were all more disappointed thai we cared to own. Mother did not say much, but she looked worn and put out. Hfr room was a small bedroom off the living room, and she left a hot fire burning, for the night was cold and dreary, and she knew Roderick would be wet with the heavy winter fog that hung over everything without. We did not lock or bar the door, a precaution, in deed, that we seldom took, and expecting to see Roderick in the morning, we all went to bed to meet again at the breakfast table. That morning mother was late, a most uncom mon thing for her. My sister had spoken with her, and she was getting her clothes oh, so we all sat around the table with our porridge-bowls be fore us, and waited for the blessing which began each meal, and without which we dared net touch spoon or knife. When mother came she looked around the table and asked quickly: " Is no Boderick doon yet ? " " No, mither," said Jinny, " Roderick is na at home the morn, sin he did na come yestreen." " But he did coom," said mother, " he's up yon now, sleepin". Ye need na disturb him," and she bent her stately head in its widow's cap and in voked that blessing of which we had never yet heard one word. That it was all right we had no doubt—we took it upon trust. Breakfast was nearly over, when mother looked at me and said: " Rin oop, Allan, and wake your brither." My porridge was good and I had " happed on " a teaspoon of sugar when my 6ister was looking the other way, so I whined: " Sind Robbie, mither; he's through wi' the vittles." Mother looked at me. 1 rose expeditiously enough then, and went up the well- worn stairs tliroj at a time, whistling the air of "Bonny Kilmeny." I then kicked on Roderick's door once or twice. No answer. Next I knocked decently, and called, " Roderick ! beest in? " There was dead silence. I opened the door a little, then wider. There was no one there, and the bed had not been slept in. I went down stairs and told my story. My mother rose up wrathfully and said in her sternest voice: " An' yev'e been trifling I'll warm your jacket, Allan!" But I was not afraid. She did not find Rode rick any more than I did. " Awa' to the barn," she said, as she came down; " he'll be there, happen." But no Roderick was there. " How coom ye to think as how the lad was at hame ? " asked Jinny, as she cleared the table. "I saw Mm," answered mother, solemnly; "I saw him wi' my twa een. He coom in aboot twal o' the clock, and I spake wi' him, but I mind he didna answer. Happen he's dead, as his fayther wan afore him. Aye, Roderick, my son, my son 1" All unconsciously she used the pathetic words of King David, and we children were thrilled as if a weird prophesy had been spoken. All but Jmny; she was not a romantic young woman, and she had no superstition; so she said whiles she folded the cloth: " Ye dreamed it, mither." " Aye ! as I dreamed about your fayther, if ye call that dreaming," responded mother. " There he is now," cried Jinny, pointing to the window, " cooming up the hill on a gallop. Rin, children, and open the gate to him."= " That Roderick ! " I cried, contemptuously. " Why, that's a coal-black horse, and he rode away on a sorrel mare. Na, na, that is na ma gude big brither." But indeed it was, as I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and waved his cap to mother in the doorway. I ducked under her arm—our mother was a woman of large stature—and ran away to meet my brother. How good and handsome he looked as he put his hand down to help me on the saddle bow in front of him. " Mither thocht you waur deed," was my first foolish remark. "Not yet, little brother," he said, laughing lightly, " nor likely to be, please God ; " he doffed Ms cap as he spoke. Mother waited on him at his late breakfast with hungry eyes, and Jinny piled up the barley cakes, each one hotter than the other. " You woman folk spoil me," he said, between the moatlifuls. " Now me ain mither, what waur it ye drenmit aboot me ? " " It: was na a dreem," said mother. "-Ah, noo ye ken it was," said the laughing laddie, " or if it'pleases ye to call it a vision, what waur the vision ? " "Ye will laugh at me, thin," said mother, in a low voice, " but if ever I saw ye alive wi' ma twa een, I saw ye last nicht at twal o' the clock as plain as I do noo." " An' what was I doing, mither ?" We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother would say. " I will na say a word," remarked mother, with sudden anger, " if a' body laughs ; ca' it a dream if ye want, but listen rcspectful like, whiles I talk." ! The Scotch are not a nation of gigglers. In a moment our faces were as set as flint. "It waur nicht, dark nicht," began mother, " and I lied kep' awake listenin', listenin' for ma boy to coom, for you ken it's the first time he has ever disappointed me, and I expected him every moment, happen naught had gone wrang. I waur wida awake an' watchin' the fire i' the chim ney-place, and whiles I thocht of him, and whiles I thocht of his fayther he is so vera like, an' then the door opened sudden like, and he walked in and went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an' I did'na speak yet; he took off his great-coat, an' I saw it was'na wet, an' I wondered what had kept him dree; he hung his coat over a chair—ye know it's your way of doin'—an' he took off his neckerchief and hung that on the chair, too, an' stood ower the coals and shivered ; thin I called, 'Are ye cold, lad?' and you never spake, nor turned your bead—an' ye were that pale I thocht ye waur faint a' ridin'." "And what became of me or my double?" asked Roderick gaily. " That I canna tell. I knew no more, for my mind was easy at your bein' at hame, an' I slept till late this morn in'." " That ishe did," said Jinny. " But where waur you, Roderick, the nicht? " " At Bailie Blaverhack's, who once went a-courtin' our good mither here when she waur a slip of a lass. Eh, mither ? I'll warrant ye can blush yet, like a rose i' the sun." " Ye graceless lad! " said she, with the love light in her eyes as she followed his every motion, so proud and fond of him in his brave manhood. "And now, mither, you've often heard said ' that one story is good till another is told.' I rode ten miles over the heather and bracken to get hame this morn and here I am, not deed at a' nor fittin to be. So you r'e dream or vision is at fault this time. Now, come out all o' ye and see the brave black steed that is to fill the sorrel mare's place. Black Bess is a beauty, and I got her at an even dicker." " A black horse is an uncanny baist," said my mother, gruefally. "Looks like a mute at a fun'ral," interposed Robbie. " Whist," said Jinny, sharply, " you're enough to kill one in your dismal claverin'. Gang awa into the sunshine, and get the black man out of your thocbts." It was a bright morning after the fog, and we thronged out with a will to see the new purchase, mother with father's plaid over her shoulders, the rest of us bareheaded and full of pranks. Roderick brought out the horse, a mettlesome creature, with much white to the balls of her eyes, and her sleek ears laid well back. Prancing and curveting, she went the rounds of the yard, Roderick holding the halter strap with a firm grip. Suddenly Black Bess cast a shoe. " Pick it up for luck," whispered Robbie. " Take the halter, Allan," said Roderick. I was mortally afraid of the towering beast, but more afraid to disobey my brother, and I stepped up gingerly and held the halter while the uncanny creature sniffed at me suspiciously. Roderick stooped at that moment to pick up the shoe. He was laughing, mayhap, at my sacred face, for the black brute gave a lungi>, a violent kick, and landed me on the wood-pile. Then she rushed to the barn. I scrabbled down and ran up to Roderick. The shoe was in his hand, he was still smiling, but there was a settling in all his limbs, and in a moment he lay in a heap at our feet, dead—aye, dead, and the smile frozen on his face! It was so awfully sudden that we could not at first believe it, and even when they told us that the imprint of that brute beast's foot was found over his heart we hoped against hope that he might survive All but mother. I am an old man and my hair is lint white, but Til never for get, no never, how she stood and looked at him without a tear or a sigh, and said to herself over and over : " It waur na dream ! It waur na dream ! " —Detroit Free Press. 