S p e c i a l O o r r e ^ p o a d e n o e . (PEB JTELBO'JENE PEBSS AGENCY'.) ' After receiving deputations from country visitors all day long on Wednesday, Mr Gillies decided to do a little country visiting himself, and started on Thursday to decide on the spot the vexed question as to whether the Black line shall go by Mortlake and Penshurst to Hamilton with a branch to Koroit, as t"he Hamilton people desire, or whether it shall, be con- . tinned via, Terang to Warmambool as the denizens of the latter town request. Should the. second alternative be chosen tbe Glen Thompson and Koroit line will have to be made. , The struggle between Warrnambool.and Hamilton on this point will be very severe. The former route is the one originally maifeed out for the Black line, but the country between Camperdown and Warrnambool is far more populous and is probably destined to win. Of course neither line at present has the ghost of aclance of being-made at all. The outside the Ministers can do at present is to' push the line - from Camperdown "to Torang as. already, provided and to construct the Canperdown aud Port Campbell light line. These it is under stood here will surely be done out of the scanty funds : at the disposal of the Government. Eventually, no doubt both Hamilton and Warr-: nambool will be satisfied.^ But the.former has a line already, while . Warrnambool has not at all, and it certainly seems juBt a little greedy of the. Hamilton agitatore to expect.- two -lines of communication while Warrnambool b&fl; none. To-day the deputation that wanted the grain rates reduced, were told by Mr Speight' that - if the figures they offered were accepted, . the department would be at a loss of Llt)0,000 per mnnm. - Therefore the farmers are not likely to get may. relieHfrom this quarter.- - I A most peculiar caBe is about to come before ihe law courts in which a man named Caser sues Mr Alley, P.M. and Inspector Tookey f0, very heavy damages under extraordinary cjr. jumstauces, Sometime ago the licensee of the Union Hotel, South Melbourne, a llr S^iitli jras incarcerated for nix months as a lunatic uid on his return to his business was so presa^ by his creditors that ie. was compelled to Bell '--lie hotel and apply for a transfer to Casey who was the buyer. Mr Alley granted the transfer to Casey on the first application, but it is allied by the latter that the word '-'granted" SJJ altered in the record books to "adjourned." However, the case was re-iieard and the application for the transfer granted. Gisey pajj and Smith received the whole of the purchase money, LI 75, and Casey took possession. But a few hours after the money had been paid and .while the seller was supposed actually to have it in his pocket, Smith bad to appear to a sum. mons for debt, and he swore he had received no money whatever on account of the purchase. Inspector Tookey hereupon jumped to the conclusion that becaus: tbe man Smith had been a lunatic the new buyer was trying to cheat him and he ordered the police to go and turn Casey out of the hotel and replace S nith iD possession This was done to the wonderment of Smith 'liimself, and Casey is breathing fin? and slaughter or writs and summonses which are mora dangerous of the two You will understand that this is the plaintiffs case, and at present no one knows how matters will look when the defendants tell their version of the story which no doubt has two sides like most stories. One of the unemployed at least is very bnsy, and that is Mr P. Murray, the secretary to the workmen, who is developing into an indnstrom and capable newspaper correspondent. Yester- day he published a letter informing the world that 146 of the 204 nnemployed workmen were married men and had 376 children. Qe then made an appeal for money, clothes, food, boots and bed clothes for those who were without means. To-day be writes explaining that the unemployed have been harshly treated by the Minister of Works, Mr Alfred DeakiD, who has refused to lead them the necessary plant to enable them to undertake the r3moval of the Kensington Hill. Mr Murray puts the hardships from which the nnemployed are nndonbtedly suffering in a Vf.ry strong light before the public. The one thing that is quite certain, is that Mr Murray cannot himself he reckoned among the unemployed any longer. Half-a-dr-zen years ago and more a man named O'Neill murdered hi9 mother at Footscray, and was sentenced to a long term of penal servitude. His friends are now petitioning the Governor for his release on the ground that he is now saTif, and that he was insane at the time of the murder and not responsible for his actions. The sentence is not however likely to be remitted, although as the petitioners assert the man certainly cannot repeat that particular crime. The results of the police examinations for members of the force desirous of becoming officers held on April 29i.h, appear in tomorrows Gazette. The examiners report that the arithmetic was fairly accurate, but that results . which should have been attained easily by practice, were arrived at laboriously by proportion. The spelling and punctuation were better than those of ths police examined some time a^o for the rank of sergeant, but there were in some instances six ot seven mistakes in a short piece of dictation taken . from the sixth reader. The candidates displayed considerable acquaintance with common law, but were not so well up in the important practical subjact as to how to act to suppress a lottery or how to tell whether a justices warrant was properly drawn and valid. The successful candidates who passed with credit were senior Constable Phillip, commons Sergeant John Walshe and Constable Frederick Deny. Those who simply passed were Charles Jesse, Thomas Moncleton, alfred Suns- bury, Denis Deasy, -Henry Corbett, Studboline Hodgson, Alex H. Gray, RtbertC. Molyneant and W. P. Sullivan. Some of those who thought themselves very secure of passing with flying colours, have not pulled through at all. The report of the liquidators of the "Victorian Woollen Association; shows that the concern has come to hopeless grief, the whole of the shareholders m- ney having been spent. The association is L21,000 in debt, the best offer made was one to take over the property for the.liabilities, the result of which would be that no shareholder could look for a halfpenny. Nothing has been done nith regard to the offer at present, It is -understood that the Monte de Piete which was started two and a half years ago with a flourish of triumpets is also in great difficulties. The institution was to ruin all the pawnbrokers by lending' money at a lower interest than they charged'; and to aid the impecunious borrower, by that same process. The impecunious borrower has long been forgotten, and the rate of'.interest raised to that charged by the rest of the fraternity. The pawnbrokers are not ruined, but the shareholders seem likely to be. They have never received a' halfpenny dividend, and a very unpalatable proposal is now made by the directors which Is to write off one eight of the capital, say 2s 6& per share, even then it does not seem that there is any belter chance of dividends. The shareholders do not like the position and aregoiDg to holda meeting tojgrumble. Some extraordinary disclosures are promised The whole of the dynamite which was reported as being in ^a dangerous condition, has been satisfactorily removed,.and most of it has been already used up by consumers. The solicitor general still refuBSB to interfere in the case of Hutchens and Noonan who were convicted-a year ago of robbery upon what is supposed how to be mistaken evidence as two other men Cummings and Spoor have sworn that they Committed the robbery for which these men . were sentenced. The chief commissioner'of police is' understood to hold the opinion that Cummings and Spoor should either be tried for ihe robbery to which they have confessed, or for. perjury in making f*) 80 affidavits and the public appeal to agree with the commissioner. •Wheat is lower and . sales are not readily' made. Primest wheat for shipping fetched 4s 2d but thiB price was only obtained for a few lets. Country flour for shipment sold at L8 T* 6d to LS 10s Od. The high prices'-of dairy produce and vegetables-has lessened- die demand. Prices are about the Same as last- week, eggs 2s 6d dozen,, pork 8d, bacon lOd, butter Is W> a » 1 ham Is, turkeys to 14s>pair,, geese- to 8s an" duckstoSs.- 