AN ©<CE, IN WAIF. by h b&afahkn.; " I.wab second mats at tho timo," began Mr. ! Humphrey Roband, who related to us tho fol lowing" Btory, " and our vessel was a bark, named the Iiaglo. Wo wore bound from How- port, in Monmouthshire, to Capo Town, with a.cnrgo of iron, and then woworo to go on to ffolbourno, and thoneo to Callao. Besido me, hero 'were tJaptairi Biaokett, tho master, and Josiiih Bitting,, tho ohiot inato, along with fifteen or sir teen hands forward, moluding the idlers ; and, tailing ns all round, I don't think thnt over a better shin's company sailed out oi an English p9rt. . There waant a foreigner among ns ; thero was no growling, no loatlog ; everything was done quickly end with a will, and it was not only a pleasure- to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution of it. Woll, wq left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and wont away down tho Bristol Channel into tho Atlantic-Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there, was nothing bat bright ness overhead arid bine water under ns, mado feathery.by tho whipping of tlio breozes whioh blow, sometimes nor', oast and sbmctimos nor' west, coming mow and again a trifle fresh, but hover so strong as to causa us once to furl tho mainroyal day or night. Wo saw nothing of tho tritdo wind till wo wero in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed as ono morning with slowly falling glass nnd a long, 'ugly grey Swell coming out ot tho-sou' west, and 9 sort of dirty blue slty fllmod o'er with haze that might havo passed for tho drainings from Bmoltors'chimnoys. Amid this tho sun hung like a hiiga jolly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with- scarce. onongh of powor in him to unt h strcalr of Iiaht into tho brow of tha swell that swung licaving up tall out of tho near horizon, with summits that seemed to be trying ,to wash the yellow stain ho mado out of tho vauit of tho sky, There wiis a qqeor smoll'of docnyod marina .vegetable mat-1 tor about, whioh camo. up in whiffs when the rolling of the bark.mado whito Water along side, and, spite of tho . sky being thin enough to lot the ghost of .tho sun show through,' tliero was a look overhead hat made you think that, if it was night, you'd seo green lightning playing abont ovor tho mastheads, like tho dorjiriga of tho phosphorus from the ahip'o Bide in biaok water when you're in tho tropica and tho night lies dead upon: tha breathless bosom of tho ocean." ."Well, what theso plain signs betokened oamo to/pass right "enough. Tho glass wont on dropping, and . tha swell ramo along, in a wilder and angrior roll, until, at three o'clock that afternoon thero was sosroo more daylight vioiblo than you'll find in tho last fingerings of twilight rishoro. Wo wero Bnuggod down to lower top-sails, tha yards square, for thero was no oall to brace them ono way or another when for hours thero hadn't been a breath of wind, no, air, not ao much as to givo a fluttor to tho vane at the royal masthead, Having .what tho bnrquo gave herself by tho ov/cci of her spars. All hands woro on cloak, standing by, knowing that/something was hound to happon, hut inuapablo of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. - It was n:j much as wo could do to see ono another's faces. Tho otrain on tho spars and rigging wau something fearful with tho rolling, and in the gloom overhead you could hear the creaking and. complaining, the squealing of uheavoa, tho groaning of -parrels nnd trusses, At four o'olook, or thereabouts; tho wind swept down upon ua in a body, right in- tho wako of tho swell. It was wind at first, but it heenma a moving wall in a short timo, aud before tho olawlinco oould ho manned tho forctopsail" blew up and burst into smithereens, just lika ono of thoso elastic' air-halls when filled too fall. It was a tcrriblo tempest.' I, who havo cccri oomo fearful woathcjr in my time, will tako my allidavit that a woiso storm o£ wind never raged than that. It pioked tho licit .up and made wheels of tho waves that looked— 1 don't say they were— but tlmt looked to ho forty or- fifty feet high. Tho Eagle was full of iron, very deep, aud labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that tho undcr- dc'iik farecastlo was scarcely to ho oomo at by tho men through tho scattlo. In the troughs, during tho weather rolls,. tho barquo would lay. so far 'ovor "to "windward that it was enough' to malco tho oldest seaman hold hie breath to look «t the cUrl of tho -onooming ues, and speouhito. whether Jt . was possible that she could hoist herself out clear of that terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch before it But tho Eagiowasn gOodea-boat,' having"'- flaring bow that forced tho head surges to throw her up, and n swell of tho sides that "KfwitrHadrhlera ordinary tank-elinpo it must havo boon oil froth to ten feet above tho mast-coats, with tho watch on debk in tho weathor-rigging, and tho master and motes keeping a look- out in tho cabin and conning hot by tho toll- tale. "For three days wo had tcrriblo woathor; then it broke, the wind voorcd to duo cast, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail brcozo for twenty-four hours settled away into tho north- east and blow along ateady and bright again into tho trade wind. It was a Wednesday, tho morning watch and I had chargo of tha dcok. Daybreak found us uodor a forotopmast stun' anil, tho sky clear, and tho castas green as moonlight with tho dawn. THosea was calm, tho trado clouds rolling in puffs ot vapor athwart tho etaro overhead and in tho west, and tho horizon a lino as black as you could pro- to Havo a look at tbo sea under tho loot ox tho mainsail, and just then thaatoh of tho sun whioh sparkled upon an object that appeared whito nnd glistening in tho radiance. It boro .about fourpoints on tha leo bow. I fetched tho glas3 and took a look. Sha was a vessel, of what rigl could not distinguish, bntapparontly under small sail. I put down tho glass and waited a hit and then had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of contusion aloft, but of this I could not yet bo anro, though tho small canvas sho showed mado her appearance singular considering tbo fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett camo on dcok, and I ro- portcjl tha sail to liim. Ho pointed tha tclo- acopo -at her and said : ' It seoms a casa of distress. Your sight's better than mine; havo you mado out anything resembling a color? ' No, air.' ' Woll, wo will bear down and seo what's tho matter. 'Kcop her away,' ho called out to tho fellow at tlio wheel ; and at tho same timo I snug out to tlia watch to lay aft and brace tho yards 111 a trifle. This wasdono, and tha vessel brought about apoint on our leo bow. It was not long before wo wero ablo to mako hor oat very plainly with tho glass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of about eight hundred tons; her thrco lower top- and her wheel and all boats wero gono. Sho had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In tho lower mizzen rig- . ging thoEnglish ensign had been Ecizcd, union down, nnd thero it blow, llickoringlikaafiamo, making as strong an appeal for assistanca as over a man oould by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping nskarplaokoutfor any tliingthat elioald resem ble a human being but thero was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish dock- houco aft, and tho ramains of another ono for ward. Thero was not muoh swell on, and alio lay pretty quiet, giving herself a Blowslant now andagain that hovo a space of her wet sidointo tho snn and mado her flash out liko a beacon. ' Sho looks to bo abandoned, sir,' says I to tho .captain. ' Why, yc's.'.that'sherappearance, cer tainly,' eaya he. 'But it'u n fino looming ; no harm oan be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' . So tho bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, 'a boat low- orod, and thrco hands pulled mo aboard the wreck. Two men olambcrcd ovor tl;o rail af tor me leaving one in dhargo of the boat. Wq : stood a moment looking around. Her deokB .woro full bf rnillo, ropes, staves; , and casks, cnd'tho liko, tho main hatohes were off. as if tho crew, had been jettisoning hor cargo, her port bulwarks forward of tho main' rigging wero smashed flush with " tho dook; and altogether .alio had tho most wrecked and strained appcararico that' amost aver I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my hnnd to my mouth and snug out ' Anybody aboard horo ?' but tha only answer thru camo was tho' sound of tho. streaming. of tho wind through tho rigging, and tho bubbling and washing noiso of tho watoh: over tho side. ' ' No foaras to hernotboing abandoned, sir,' said ono' of tho mon.: 'An empty' coffin could'nt he moro destitnto of- life.' 3 1 stopped to thiidoorof tho deck house aud looked io. Thcru was no appearanco of injury hero. A. table wont down it, with';nxod ohnirs on. ono side and a looker on tha other, and oil tho port sido was a . row of cabins,- fivo< or sir, I think. Tho . door of 'this deok-houso .swung open, and. I and tha two men peered in, and thon says'I, I'll jast stop in and sea if-I can o'ome aaross any papers belonging to hpr,' fori must tell you thero .was no namo on her bows, and whatsyor might -have boenwritton on hor stern was 'under wntor ; but scarco had I nttorod tho abbvo observation when a sort of thin, wailing ory camo from 'one of the aahins. ' Hello I ' says' ono of tho mon, ' tho erow has , gono and left poor pussy behind, ' Fussy I ' Suva I. wlio hnrl inftinThft tlin orv wirv nJoflvlv. and heard a note: in it thero wiis no mistak ing; '.that's no' oat, lads. Follow mo.' And I walked straight to tho cabin, from' whioh tho sound appeared to o'ome; and oponing tho door, saw' just' tho, kind of "sight 'iny mind scorned to havo been proparcd, by tho cry wo had heard, to witness. Tha cabin was. a bit of box with, a scuttle over -tho topmost of a pcuplo of hunks. There wara some fomalo garments on tho deok, along with an infant's feeding bottlo, broken, and a fowother domestio odds and onds- only mot with at' sea whon' there hro womon aboard. As wo entered a ocoontUmnll, wailing ory oamo from tho nppor bunk, and, looking, waspiodn dead woman init, with hor right arm cast round a baby nino or ton months old. It was impossible to toll thnt- sho was dead till wo' drow ploso. and saw the signs plain. Bho was a young woman, not moro than twenty-six or twonly- eoven, tho hair yellow, and in Ufa. I don't doubFhho hod been pratty onough, bat now hor face wob ,00 strangely whito that she might havo "passed for a , figiiro worked in plsster of Paris.; Tho baby was too young to sitao: lie lav— it was a boy, sir— ho lay in his dead mother's avm, giving now-and ngain tho queer cry wo had heard, tho wail an infant uttorn utter it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I pioked him up out of tlio bunk, and founil him wet' through, nnd hia flesh liko 11 tono for tho cold. "Hia mothov'u olotheo— if tho woman wero his mother, which I dou't doubt— wore etroaming wot, too, and this, mado' ua supposo that aha had lieou drivon "from tho dock by tho washing water, aud had catered her cabin and lain down to did thoro; - i'Tho niciispoko hurriedly about liow it camo to pdsa that thesa two should havo been left olono in tho wrcok. Who was slio? I' said thero was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. ' Sha might have been tho wife of tlifl master, who wan drownedin tho storm, and left no ono to look after hor ; or all haiida might have perished in getting tho boats'over, or tho erow might havo forgotten her whan tlioy put off ; there was no telling. Thero lay' tho woman dead, I said'; nnd I gavo tlio baby to ono of, tlio mon named Nipporto hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap the littlo ohap up in, for ho trcmh'cd liko a ahivoriug bird with tha' cold, '.and kopt on wailing, as if 'our handl ing him nnd thu sound of our voicea had put -a-bit of Iifo into liiur. -We looked hurriedly iuto tho other cabins, but thoy woro empty, and wo could find uo papers. Thero .was no good bringing tho dead mother along with un to bury; tlio ship olio was in was lior rightful aoflln,. aud being very deep, with, her main Imtuh opcii; I rightly reokoned thnt thu next bit of sea that got up would sink tho wreck fast enough., I don't say as I didn't mumblo a prayer as I camo away holding tho little chap. hor I almost felt as If she know that I waa Mr. Boband? aings out Oapt. BInckett, lean- ing ovor tho rail. 'A baby, air,' I answers, tossing his hands. . 'Look sharp 'and get over' Bailed ehip; hoVttfled off "his 'rap as if awed by tho misery and suffering dor, Mr. Roband?' soya ho, pointing to tho wreck. 'Ay, sir,' says I. ' God receive hor 1' says, ho. D'yo understand .the management of babies, Mr. Roband?' '/Why, I havo two of my own,' I answered ; ' but I was so muoh what ray wife did to 'em to keep 'cm healthy. But what wo halve to do with the bihy," says I, 'is to fcod him and get liim warm at once.' ' Then tako him below — tako him below, Mr. Roband,' cries tbo captain in a tremulous voice. ' Givo him' your attention, sir, and never mind abont yonr dntie3 until yoa've got this poor littlo crcataro into shipshnpo condition.' Woll, I carried liim to my cabin, and sung out to tho stanard to liolp ma un dress him, for tho thought of handling this frail and delicato objeot albno unnerved mo. I'd any day rather havo tho job of taking in tho masts of a two-thoasand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both tho steward's and my fingers wero square- edged, and wo had to bo vory caroful in haul ing out tho safety pins and clearing tho littlo chap of tha things ho was dressed in. Ho cried so that I was in agonv, making sure wo wero hurting him ; but the staward raid : ' No, I know tlio naturo of "infants ;. it would bo nnnatural if they didn't cry;. it's a fashion their lungs havo of growing.' 'Aro you suro?'saysI. 'Cocksure,' says ho; 'haven't baby was wrapped up in ono of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket wo had aboard, tho stoward went and warmed some Swiss milk at tha galloy fire ; and while I was Bitting waiting for tlio Btaward, with tho baby lying on my kneos, the captain comes in. 'God holp this poor littlo ono I ' says lio; 'what ago would you tako him to bo, Mr. lloband ? 1 ' Not a year old,' says I. Not a year old I' ho cried; 'how wonderful ore tho ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity liko this should bo left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned ail tho rough .find sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's liko Booing an iron Bbip beaten to pieces by seas amid whosa hollows you observo tho littlo. stormy petrel securely fly ing.' Tho stoward. arrived with tho - warm, milk and a spoon, arid rvs turned to food tho baby. I tried my hand, hut it was no good ; I couldn't get tho milk down his throat; it capsized < down his neok, and his being ravenous and orying mado tha job- more difficult.; ' Here, givo ma hold, sir,' said tho stoward; sot I pat tho baby oil his knee.; Woll, ho knew moro about it than I, and got a fair oaulker bf milk into tho littlo tun, and altera bit tha littfe ohab.'fell auleen, wliore- upon ho was laid down in my bunk, and there ho rtas, quiet pnoiigh. . ' .1. 'Sir, wo had soma hopes of his thriving; after this. . Ho. was a sort of a trial in his way, for ho wanted washing and-drcssiug and feeding and looking after, and it camo hard upon 'us -who hadn't tho fingers hor tho understanding for, suoh work. Ho was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer oyos in an infant ; .blue; as the heavens under whioh wo wero sailing, and lovely a littlo figure,, sir; Sometimes when it would co'mo to my turn to undress him I'd let liim lis naked ona flannel ehirt stretohed across my kness, and ticklo him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a, tear, liko a parohed pod, down my cheek," would make mo feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts; of my homeland thiB hpirh'a loholinoss to trouhlo- mo too much. He had but tha clothes wo found him in ; so tho Captain1 nnd I gavo oaoh of ns a Boff.oalico ehirt-tbhno'of'tha; zncn.forwnrd, a neat hand with .tho -neodlo, a oliop named Claw1, to mako. into a couple of.suita of linou for tho. baby; and this and a knitted waist coat and a Bwathing of flannel . round his little stnrn and' legs kopt him tidy and warih and comfortable." Wo nil got mighty fond of hiin. ' Wo'd, bring him(on deok and lay him in tha fold of a sail or on tho ensign when the wrtather wftfi Gno "ami wii'rm. nrni tlinn' vnnM. bco him kioking np hia legs in tha sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his flngotB and.taUring to himaolf. Ho mado tho bark inoro human, tbah ever I thought a vessel could ho rendered. Ho begot aBtronghomo feoliog in us all, and you'd, sea tho moving fanoies ho'd put into tho mm aa thoy'd, creep aft:— and I novor pretended to notioe them— to havo 'a look. at tho littlo 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juico I'vo seen them squirt overboard from tho qua;terdeok after watch ing tha baby, as if tliuir hearts were too' full to BUffor 'cm to wait until , they got forward to.expectorato. But one day; air, thora camo an oud to this. It inuat havo been the out. ting of a tooth, ! think. Ho had a. fit, but pulled through it, and wo thought, him all right, and I left him Bleeping and looking' comfortablo onough in my bunk wliilo I wont on dcok. Wo woro thon in lotitiido 28 degrees south, in tha tail bf tho trado \viad. : I had been on deok two hoars, "'when -tho stoward carao up through tho companion, and, ap proaching- mo slowly and speaking vory solemnly, ho cays': ' Mr. Roband,' ho soys, ' littlo Jimmy,' that was tho namo I10 went by. 'Little Jimmy,' ho Bays,' lias gone to jiuo hia mother.' I started .unit said: 'Wliat'n that you say?' He anowored: 'Our littlo un's dead, sir.' I ran below and ioutid the captain in iny cabin lookiug at ilia baby that lay a oorpso in iny bunk. I had grown wonderfully1 fond of tho bairn, sir, aud tho sight broko mo down, and ono or two heaving aohi come from, me, no mora' to bo helped by ma than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had olitrinhcil and .looked otter had. died ot tlio Capo oold in apito of your love. Only this was an immortal boing, a fellow oreaturo, a littlo baby that wo lind plunked from tho very brinkofau ocean grave into which his luotlicr'a dead embrace was dragging him ; and wo had learned to- lovo him." '11a ia gouol'eaid Captain Blackett ; 'tia God's .will, '.Mr. Ito- haiid. Wo did our duty by him— wo could not havo dono novo.' ' Wo may tnlru it, air, thnt his mother wanted liim,' aayu tho Btaward. Ay, atoward, and Her entreaty has boon nnaworcd,'liayo tho captain, with agltmcb aloft. .. . " I eoald not tako nny hand in equipping tho littlo mito for his funeral. I was too much upset, oir. Tho aailmnkcr rando a liny linmmook for him, and tlioy put his hands together, and smoothed thu little wreaths of yellow hair upon hia head, aud drocsed him in cloan tilings, and, befora lio v/nu etitehed up, all bauds lay aft to. say good-bye, and 'ne'er, a man among thorn that entered tho cabin but atoppud to givo thu littlu cold fneo n kisa. before leaving.. Wo kept him till next . ' » day, and buried him nltorclghthcllshaa been . .."v mado. It was a green, windy, glistening morning;, tho emerald seas ran at as, molting . . . ,. .of light from the clouds ihrough whioh ho . . .. swung. Oh, eirb the. oontraat -oHhat littlp I ; ' EiSSsBHSil ' 1 down, and when at last it camo to tho passage " ; i that's a signal at sea for tho tilting of tho . ' body into ths water, rvo all let onr breath oat : . . ; in a sob as tho tiny hammock sped liko n - snowilako ovor tlio sido and.vanishod in tho ... a rainbow over tho spot."— London TcUgraph. . 