RICHMOND SCHOOLS' EXCURSION. As in the two previous years, the annual excursion of the Richmond schools, under the anapioes of the Board of Advice, was this year to Mordialloc. It seems to ua an illimitable time since the first excursion took place. Indeed, oar reading of ancient his tones confuse as. Beading np the annals of Egypt, now that the land of the Nile is the most interesting topio of the day, it seems almost $s if the migrations of the nations Who spread from Central Asia was more recent than the migrations of Richmond' folks on holiday occasions. And yet the one was robwff 6000 yean ago, and the second Eat ifer years. B«Jrarat '4*d 8aodhur«t were visited in those bright days a few yean since, and how the little folks and the bjner folkfL who went to mind tfaeoi, enjoyed themselves, is it not chronicled in the annals of the Guardian. And in theses years when Javenile Exhibitions are not hnd, the Board of Advice have very wisely selected "Mordialloc as a place of picnioingp Easf^of access, with ^y and lake fishi&g;, -eoafing, capital paadoek accommodation, no-better pace could be choaffcf£ftil H^^ligiWfthoW&y.fwort;* at Melbourne. At an early hoar on Wednesday morning tMW'feifgfct "hare been atom fl&iiHs; the style in which old-fashioned ngveis oommence) a tremendous crowd of children (jfi^e^dCkt tfee ,$vran-etraet station, with'umost as bi^ a crowd of grown-up folks aeedtripfcnyiag them. The day had been proclaimed a School, Municipal, and Government holiday, and the shopkeepers ralliainp loyally, and forgot to take thoir shutterpidpwh that day. The banks did not observe a holiday, and were, therefore a qqnepioaoas illustration of the exception to' the rule, but next year they too, no dpubt, will give in their adhesion to what-baa beoome a • recognised annual holiday in Richmond. Itwrould not be an easy task to estimate how many little Johnny Joneses and Lizzip Smiths went to bed soon after tea time on the previous night, in order that in ample time the next the trains, nor can it be many of them lay awake _ of the oommg day's after paternal h&ndshad; i comforting candle, fetid nuteiM^ttHOtf bid bid them go to sleep at oaoe. And sach a catting ap of sandwiches SB there was that night and next morning, l&d; .such a preparation of cake and cold fowlj and 'high jinks of meat and pie, was Bever witnessed only at Obristtnas time. At the Swan- street 8tation there was far lass crowding and confusion than on previous occasions, although the number was mpch larger. It would be saperflaoas to say mach •boat the journey down. At every station the children cheered, and the grown, op •hildren (for this occasion only) laagbed. After leaving Richmond the trains went over-to the new rails which carry it clear Of thfrftoath Y&rra; traffic and this was a novdty 'to many of the older ones. Toorikjria oonspicioas by its stuccoed and pretentious mansions; Malvern by the gradual encroachment of building society aouaes ; Caul field by its sandy flats, and then, tha, orchard and market garden en- OIOBUMB oome in view. Cheltenham is passed, and here we are, in sight of the Mordialloc pier. And those who at 4he jOanjftsidflaia ware oortain that Gheitan-< ham was being left behind, are now equally certain th at the trains cannot be anythmg near Mordialloc. Bat the train stops, the buildings familiar to old pic* nieegs strike the eye and all the world and his family make for the picnic grounds. -The morning has been doll. There is a suspicion of rain in the dark, mistylooking sky, and in 'the grey rolling wavjto but the sky grows lighter, and by-a8u bye the son shines out, till the evieence is conclusive that on this occasion, as on previous ones, the clerk of the weather baa taken Richmond under his wing, and <crotohety individual as he is, turned on exactly the weather which is required when the little folks of Richmond go abroad for sport. Arrived on the ground, the first we mqet is a'/man who has lost a box of mat^hPB and — three children. The mat&ps; are the first consideration, and a lighj&tfhis; pipe consoled him temporarily for fSe'foss of the urchins. Talking to him, we find ourselves in front of the merry-go-round. This is the steaatf bne; and it enchains our attention, and S witch it and the man who stands by the .engine and whistles when the horsfts art ready to start, or are ready to stopi, JHis -engine seems sach a spider's web": arrangement, and yet it carries a multitude of children round, plays a ban-tl orgarij ^d turns so many mirrored pillars, that the whole affair is one of life and, • j»Jiilj^>-'l'he proprietors of this iVfesole right in the reserve for the picnic season, so that ti^e merry-goround (Alleys) engaged by the Board has to stay , outside the boundary and attract as many folks as it can. " % lift 'ard," the refrain wafts over the ground to as, and we recognise the •okfe as that ttf die proprietor of a show where three rows of dolls are set up only to be knoc < kpd down by anyone who can take a correct jhy. A dozen years ago we heardjuip Invite all and sundry to " 'it ^m fend till the day of his dying we havS no hope of his grammatical improvement year his cry was " Oh, come and jhave*a«hy at Hookey Walker for a penny." This year he varied it, w Oh, rom^.^ baye a shy at the. Salvation Bat the Riohmond boyB showed old 4 1 'It that they were not sach slow coaches as he imagined. They paid theivpenny and knocked down one poppet for every two shotB, and -won acocoanut with ©ach fuocessful shot " Oh, don't hit a wtjnmi^' yfelled the proprietor, as his lady-dolls went down in ungraceful ettitudea; and showed their stockings nearly as mnc&as; competitors inihe Ladies' Race a few hoars later. Bat the ooys disregarded his advfde, and the female dolls went down" and the cocoanuts went up to juvenile mouths. The jolly Mayor of Rich moqd threw aside his magisterial dignity for the nonce, and with the greatest cruelty knocked dowj/three old men, and the Oollingwood Mayor followed his exploit ap by knocking down one of " 'It 'im 'ard's" old women, eeveral iady residents, emboldened by the example of the J.P.'s, taking & band in the game, and continuing the unlawful assaults. The sports committee about 10 o'clock were very anxious. Jenkins and bis tape were missing, and so was the cheirraan with the entries, and Coverlid with his bell* Since early morn, tLey had been engaged in driving iron stakes into the sports ground, and when ready for a star tqpy made a first move by borrowing Mao^pville's bell. Quoth the owner, " If they think they are going to get the bell from my 'under sevens' they are misfu 1 f a taken." Shortly afterwards he recovered the bell and captured a pannikin of water. The regular programme of sports commenced about this time. Iron stakeB and ropes had been provided to mark oat the ground and these were a great improvement *on the whole arrangement. Still little folks would insist on getting inside the ropes in their eagerness to see all that was going on, and the constant cry of " Keep back," and " Over the ropes," was heard. Bennett, who was chairman of the Bports committee, worked like a Trojan (though how Trojans worked, we have no idea.; still it seems a proper thing to say.) Anyhow, he worked from early morning, in company with Badcliffe, Lentell, and several citizens, roping off the ground, and then turned to and officiated as general boss and starter. The next morning, a Melbourne paper -imported that the sports were under 'the control of Cr M'Rae, and the joke was that M'Rae was miles away all day. He had the mournful duty of attending Madden's funeral. Too much cannot be said of Cr Bennett's undivided attention to the sports. Mandeville held revels for his " under sevens " in a corner of the paddock, and bis was such a programme as delighted all those who were no. under their parents' wings in other parts of the ground, or dabbling in the water by the beach. _ The Mandevfllian revels were a success, it the laughter of boys and girls is any criterion Of enjoyment. How he preserved his equanimity, cracked jokes with the little ; ones, formed them into play groups, arranged races, chaffed the winners, and made merry the hearts of the losers, behold, is it not all written in the hearts of his numerous " under sevena ?" Kingsbury, the truant-inspector, was his lieutenant, and to see the pair arranging a hundred children into sets for Oraagasand Lemons, or Ball in the Ring, or that pathetic and rythmical amusement,' " Uncle Dick is very very sick," was as much a matter of enjoyment to bystanders as to those archins themselves. Not far away, Professor Brinkley's Punch and Judy Show perforated at intervals to large audiences. Punch is a Are old favorite, though his adventures With the policeman, his assaults on the catydsome Judy, his astonishment at the bunous tricks of the clown, and his fear of the wonderful but dirty ghost, may be wfully shocking, the sympathies of his audience goes ever with him, though it must be confessed that the visible inhabitants of the puppet show wou'd be all the betlter for a visit to a Turkish bath, and sadly require to take , a dose of voice mixture. One of the most interesting events on the sports list was the Tug of War, especially as the prize was to be a suit of clothes for one of the winning teun. The first tug was between Yarra Park and Central. The Yarra Park boys were well picked. There was some demur to one lad^ Kelso, who headed the team, as his age was assumed to be above 15. Considerable time was spent in getting the boys in order, but once the pink flag of the starter had fallen, there was little do^bt of the result. After the first strain, When both sides kept the rope immovable for- a second or two, the Parkites steadily hailed away inch by inch, and though tM othec- team, made a good fight of it, heavier mettle of their opponents toid effect So it was in the sucdeecUng tug, Yarra Park having the game from the an4 winning without diffiimcbeon Was provided «t Rennisen's Hotel for those who obose to avail themselves of it/v Large numbers preferred lunch in the open air or on the beach amid their olive branches.. A large contingent of -visitors came by the midday ordinary train, aftid others drovp down by ro4d. The dMng room was] packed, or " ^qnozed," as one put it, and some hajl to be accommodated at a eecond talkie. Ihe chair was occupied by Mr A. A&er;, chairman of the board, and the viqe-chair by the Mayor. The briny breeze (what fhfefo'was of it.' that day) and the zeit of pleasure-making had developed epjendid appetites, and after these had in appeased, and the toast of the jueen" had ^ been honored, Mr. Chas. ith. M.L.A, proposed '* Success to the Richmond State Schools." In all Ratters nected with education/Richmond, he , had held itsown against other schools, the sight of the gathering that day indicated that it had not only been a SB edaoatkmally bat socially. Mr Higgins (Bpghton-alj-eet school), arid Mr Derrick/(Oremorne-street) responded. jMr Ha&ferviQe; proposed "The Prize Gjvers/' referring to the way the donations andlrnoney had rolled in as showing thje very hearty co-operation of the Richmond pablic in the excursion. Or Winn briefly res^opded.. The Mayor proposed "The members of the Board of Advice," in complimentary terms. The chairman responded, and expressed the Board's gratification at the success of the day. The excursion was undoubtedly the most successful and largest of any that had been held from the snbarbs. Mr Coverlid proposed " The Ladies "— the* chairman remarking as be called on the speaker that this would be -the last tciast, as the ladies present were anxious to get away In time for the coaling ladies' race, Mr Ooverlid was therefore brief but flattering and wound tip by a joke—the ladies, he said, they knew were deeply in ter^sted in the Coming Race, And some blushed and others laughed. It fell to Mr Kay to respond and then the party ad joarned again to tbe open air. Down ob the beach, the little folks were bathing in hundreds. A horrified person accosted Mandeville with the ejaculation " The girls are bathing," "Well let 'em" responded that individual. "But the boys are bathing tpoWell that's all right, I'm going bathing myself presently." And evidently the children enjoyed themselves thoroughly. It was just the afternoon for a bath, and even the toddling Rabies went in and enjoyed themselves. Then there was boating out on the bay —a sail round for sixpence, fishing off the pier a ad up the lake, dancing on the green, in which many couples took part, and the rythmical strains of the bands, and—oh, yes, the merry go-rounds. The Mayor was one of the gallant horsemen. He is not a man to ride hobbies often, but he rode a hobby on that occasion. Still he was in capital company, for was pot ex-Mayor Koch at his side, and ahead were there not three ladies, one a well known sporting one, and of whom an English paper distinguished by the amusing blunder of lifting up its hands in wonderment at the idea of there being lady jockeys in Australia. The Mayor had evidently studied George Coppin as the Artful Dodger, and bowed as gracefully as a circus equestrian with his predecessor's hat. "It does the youngsters good to see us old buffers jolly," he afterwards explained. Among the sports the Girls' Skipping Contest for Mr Coverlid's bracelet, may be noticed as an exceptionally good trial The prizes were for the girls who eould keep up longest, and A long line of girls with their ropes toed the mark. Judgment is required in skipping, as in all otheT things, as those who skipped fast at the beginning soon found ; one after the other the competitors dropped out of the ranks, till three only were left And, after a plucky attempt, one of these retired; the two remaining appeared as though they intended to go on all the afternoon. It was a good exhibition of steady skipping, and not till upwards of 13 minutes had elapsed, did the ropes drop. The races for adults were the closing events of a long day's sport Hie Shopkeepers' Race proved s good event, and ib the Lady Visitors' Race there were quite a number of contestants, BO it had to be divided into married and unmarried ladies' races, the unmarried event being run in heats. Needless to say, the race drew a great crowd, but to recount how the fair competitors got into line, were jostled by the crowd, started, crowded, tripped and fell, or reached the winning ribhon would overtask all oar powers of description. The executive officers had a Walk all to themselves, and the Board of Advice took a 100 yards spin, the present chairman coming in first. There were impromptu races afterwards. ..The Mayor and ex-Mayor had one to memselves and the former if he did not win foond himself beside the winner. Which brings to mind the story of the boy who questioned as to his positfon in school answered that he was " next to the head one in his class," and to a further enquiry as to bow many there were in the class replied "me and a little girL" The water supply was under the management of Messrs Lentell and Ratcliffe, and (owing to the complete arrangements made by Mr Rennison) was all that could be desired. Mr Kay took charge principally of the refreshments, and the bags of fruit and lollies and cake i were distributed with much promptness from three vans and a number of barrels - The refreshments were of a better quality than oa any previous occasion, consisting of eake, apples, pears, and lollies. Mr Kay succeeded in getting a fine lot of peaas, atid the apples and cake were of good quality. The lemon syrup and Mr Rowland's gingerbeer were also appreciated. Mention must be mrde of Mr Coverlid who officiated as judge, and of Messrs Marphy, Crohan, Gibson and Glennon who represented the schools on the com^ mittee, - assisted by Messrs May and Taylor, and also Mr W. Langford. The train arrangements were admirably earthed oa- under the supervision of Mr Mowe, assisted by tbe local stationmaster (Mr Fitzpatrick) at Richmond. Mr Aslwr, tbe chairtnan of' the board, generally superintended the various arrangements. A number of citizens lent valuable aid in various ways, and thus contributed materially to the success of the gathering. Mr J. F, Walker was not in form, having had a severe attack of illness, and the well-known "Now, boys. ,, was unh-arcf oir this occasion. He came down at mid-day. . ' ' ' < Serge fin t B9II dropped down at mid^-day, • and left by an early train. „ They were talking of champagne races, and of making hita the stakeholder ; he preferred thatn the contestants should todividiialty hold the stake^ ... • „ „ ^J^AjlS And now about lhe prize dfsmbriO()tr. r At the hack of a farnifcare vita were the 'Mayor and the Chairman oj^ the Board, snirroaoded with a variety of goodSj from fishing rods to satin sunshades, pegapiring add talking, and giving away tbe goedB with apparently- Teckless profusion. It only needed Mandeville there to have imagined it was an auction mart. ' Anil then the band played " God 8ave the Queen," and marched stationw^rd, and the tired and hot, bat happy and contented excursionists hade good-bye to Mordialloc./ The Mayors of Fitzroy and Colling wood were present, as also Mr McMahon, Mr Marks, and other representatives of the Fiteroy Excursion Committee. a he prizesf which were on view in Mir' Simcoe's window, attracted much atlefi*- tiqn for two 6r three days, but it was hbt till the evehing before the excursion that the whole of ulem were' exhibited) wheo' they made an excellent show, Crs Mcfcae and Bennett's handsome cup and tasbsfol medal for the champion races evoking especial admiration. Mr Simqoe lent very acceptable assistance in this department, and throughout the day in many other ways displayed his energy in making things go off satisfactorily. The Mayor and Mayoress, Mr and Mrs Lancashire. Mr A* Qazke and Mrs Clarke, Mrs Simco^, Mr Bannon, Mr Chipperfidd, and others i Came down by road. The number estimated to have travelled by rail (in the five trains provided) is not far short of 3,500. The complete returns have not yet been made up of tickets sold. The following is the sports 1 results 1.—Boys' Race <100 yds), Booth Schools (12 to 15).—Blakely, first; Wilson, second, а.—Boys' Siamese Race fioo yds), South Schpols (under 15)—Frivett aad Blakely, . first; Slater and Dethridge, second. 3.—Boys' Race (100 yds), 7 to 10—Stewart, first; Bassett, second., 4.—Girls' Race (50 yds), 7 to 10—M. Curtis, first; Li Shemmel, second ; A. Jones, third. 5.—Boys' Bace (100 yds), 10 to 13— Thompson, first; Wallace, second; Ellis, third. б.—Tag of War—Yarra Park palled against Central first and proved the victocs; then pulled against a combined 20 of South Schools, , and were again victors. A protest has, however, been entered against them on the groand of over age of one of the competitors. 7.—Boys' Siamese Race (100 yards), North 8chooIs. under 15—Butler andMcLellan, first; Thompson Bros, second. 8.—Girls' Skipping Race, 70 yards (under 15)—Miss Raeclce. first ; Misses Fossey and Dickson, equal, second prize each. 9.—Girls' Skipping Bace (Night Sahool), 100 yds—Miss Leonard, first; Miss Twomej, second. 10.—Girls' skipping Contest—Miss. Tarpie, first; Miss Parker, second. .11.—Champion Race (200 yds), three boys from eaeh school—A. Thompson, first; C. Stach, second ; P. Scrivenor, third. 12.—Champion Bace (200 yds) for Night School—Wiloox, firft; Lewis, second; Anderson, third. (First prize deferred' for enquiry if qualified to run A. 13.—Seek Bace (50 yds)—Brown (protested), first; Dancao, second; Wharton, third. 14.—Boys' Bace (100 yd*), North Schools, 12 to 15—Dobson, first; Green, second. Dane in came second, bat was a previous prize winner. 15.—Potato Bace—Dancan, first 1 ; Thompson, second. 16—Horse and Jockey Race—Solomon and jockey, first; Wiillf and jockey, second. 17.—Shopkeepers' Raoe—Mr Harris (Bridgeroad) and Mr Ernst Altmann (Swan-st,,), dead heat. They agreed to take first abd second prizes respectively. 18.—Lady Visitors' fi.ee,(Manjed)r-M?* Smithwiefc. first • Mrs Bennett, stednd.' 18a.—Lady Visitors' Bate (Unmarried)— Miss Franklin, 1st; Hiss M'Curpiaky, second ; Miss SiranBtn, third. . 10.—Executive Officers' Walking Match- Mr May (Yana Park), fiist; Mr Groh»n (Cremorne), seeond. >.—Brard of Adrioe R«oe—A. Asher, firrt; W, Langford and J. Coverlid, eqamC second. A meeting of the sports committee will be held at 4 o'clock on Monday, at the town Hall, to settle protests. Rennison's reserve was in line condition, with nice green sward, and his well-appointed hotel, with its cool vine-covered retreat, was a favorite lounge throughpat the day, the genial host, hostess, and Miss Rencison doing their best to make things pleasant-anaagreeable for the numerous visitors. 