SPORTING NOTES BY " NswKASXKr." With the advent of Mr. T- Etaydon, the Victorian Trotting Club haa entered into a new era of prosperity, and the gathering at Els tern wick Park on Saturday last was what our sable friend Mr. Horace Bent would call " quite rekerky." First of all, that im portant concomitant, the weather, was really pleasant, and as the attendance was nume rous, and representative of the sporting section of the public, there Was an animation and enthusiasm about t-be meeting which has not been noticeable at any cf the previous gatherings at the Park. Since the last meeting several improvements have been made, and the saddling paddock is com pletely metamorp nosed. A handsome build ing has been erected, containing weighing- room and steward s- room. A signal board of familiar design and size has been made, and from ail parts of the course the numbers of the competing horses could easily be seen. The lawn and paddock has been laid down with English grasses, and it would be a great boon to owners if Mr. Haydon would sow grass on the running track. An asphalte walk has been laid down in front of the stand, and tree planting has been exten sively indulged in. These alterations, I believe, are only the commencement of what is to be done ; so that, when completed, Els tern wick Park will compare favourably with Flemingfcon and Caulfield as a resort for those who atfect the noble pastime of horse- racing. Amongst the visitors were the Duke of Manchester and Colonel Ben Williams, the Indian re mount agent, both of whom ap peared to take a lively interest in the after noon's sports. There was a vast difference in the degree of speed shown by the candi dates for the Maiden Trot, for soon after the start it became okvioas that the fa vourite, Maid of Mona, would win, and this opiaion was quite verified ? for though she missed the second heat through breaking at the hone turn, she made amends in the final essay by winning easily from her high- stepping rival, Lubra. Mr. Whittingham scored an easy win in the Midwinter Handi cap with Honora, who cleared out from her opponents soon after the start, and never gave them a chance. Angler, a useful-look ing son of The Hook, disposed of Tautaliser comfortably enough in the Hurdle Race, though, I fancy, had Hill, who rode the latter, made his effort earlier, Mr. Bice's horse would have won. Backers know from experience that it is a pretty safe thing in amateur races to back the riders instead of the horses, and when the names of the riders for the Maiden Hunters' Hurdle Race were hoisted, there was a general disposi tion to back Mr. Watson's mount, under the b Mief that the gentleman who rode Wymlet was a son of the veteran starter oi that name. Although this supposition was a mistake, backers made no error in supporting Mr. S. Miller's olt, who, dispite the fact that he ran out at the turn, and lost several lengths, managed to pull his supporters through all , right. The Duke of Manchester presented Mr. Miller with the trophy,' who, in acknow ledging it, expressed a wish that more trophies should be given as prizes, as he believed that such races improved the tone of the turf. Wymlet- is by King Tom from Ballet Girl, the dam of Actress, so that he is pretty well bred, and a cut above most hunters. The sale of Hannibal brought grist to the club's mill, and the day's sport not inaptly wound up with Regulator winning the Elsternwick Park Handicap. The \ ic tori an Trotting Club meeting, which was originally fixed for the 30th August, has been brought forward to the 9th of that mouth. A well-arranged pro gramme appears in this issue of the Weekly rimes, and a feature of the bill-of-fare is the introduction of a Steeplechase, which will be the first- run at Elsternwick Park. Entries are to be sent in on Monday, the 4i-hprox., so that owners and trainers will have ample time to scan the menu put forward by Mr. Haydon. On Monday last the weights for the Caui- field.Cup were published, and the general opinion among sporting men is that Mr. Barnard has made a very flattering adjust ment. Of course- Commotion heads the list, his impost teirg lOst. lib., but Ifancy Calms, 8st. 121b., will beat all those above him. The Gaulfield track, owing to its sandy nature, is not favourable to the chances of the heavy-weights. In the hnmour. Archie, at Ssfc. 81b. , a oald be up to his neck in it, and so would the Israelite, at 31b. less. Al though Hesperian has been on the shelf lor a long time, and was given up in despair by Tom Brown. I faucv we have not seen the best of the sou of Yattendon, who did what ne pleased with ellington, when he romped home a winner any number of lengths iu advance of the gallant Panic horse. Some time ago Hesperian was sold to Mr. P. Glen is tor, who, I believe, placed the chcsuut in the St. Albans stable, and with the convenient weight of Ssk 41b. he ought to be very dangerous, if M.-. Wilson can nick him by the ISth October. Angle sey is such a capable animal over the dis tance, that his owner cant complain at the handicapper putting Sst. on the vanquisher j of some of our best- horses over a mile and a hilf. Further down the list Capri and Coulstoun, at 7st, 131b. and 7sh I lib. respec tively, read like a dangerous pair, i Of the others, The Ghost, Claptrap, Yergyj ictf6ss, The Broker, W in?, and King of the Gipsies are nicely weighted ; but ot the ; light-weight division I like nothing so well | as Norfolk, and I am of opinion that the ; gentleman who races under the name of Mr. J. G. Reid stands a good chance of annexing ; the rich prize with this eon of Sfcockhatn, | who is remarkably well in at6sk I31b. . On Friday next, the 18th iast , entries iwiU be doe for the G eioog R cicg Club I winter mesticg, and as ®o»t of the evmts oa the programme ? e sttrucGve. thr-ju shceld be a res iy the c? J fancy, hewever, tr.a: the entries would ba far more numerous h&d; the Monday iellcw- iog the Grand National meeting bees selected instead of the Friday before the great jumping carnival of the V B C. U has been freqaemly po-iPei cut that Monday IS thS OSONt COBV6D eft tlfty for H a ivicg ee tries, bat somehow the Ltcioag folks sties , pertinaciously So she latter end of the wppfe, vitb tM ineut that owners often feZjf nominate tbeir horeee. <3 Entries will be due oa Fridsy, the i£ met., for the Bdrosdale meeting ' although the programme ig not a very | fi'YOS one, the prize? will do doubt highly acceptable to a certain clgg cf oW acd bring together pretty goo 1 fields Mr. H Byron Moore inf? forardtd tJ bandy little book containing th= Yi« Bicing Club's programme fjr the 1894-85, and s comph te list of cosing1 of all events closed to dte, ich ajaT5' bad gr'i3 on application tc i'-.c yV office. The publication abo c n tsiai V standard scale cf veighi-hr-gs. a coarJl rive statement cf me weights Hawkeebory Handicap. Metropolitan Melbourne Cap, and a fund cf ether information to racing men. I am sorry to state that the eteep! horse Hailstorm did not long scr?:ve i, Moonee Valley victory, for on Ssrcrdaykj while following the Melbourne Hoondr g fell over a fence and broke hi= dfcs. jl Innately his owner, Mr J. E Gird, was riding him, escaped u short. ' $ Shaw tells me that the ran wag a reryig one, and there were namcrDoa dai the afferooon, and Backing Bab, a ridden by one of the whip?, brohs dot badly. Sir Lsunoelot, of the New Zealand sirs:— I understand that the Egg, i Bobinson will leave for Melbourne in & fe days. It is whispered that he gees merely s avunt courier for bis own horse acd with view to getting Bay's disqualification bj t? Victoria Racing Club removed. A, hove the trainer named daring the week befriende E=tratas for a large sum for the C J.C Deri and New Zealand Cop, toe nitrate sao? ments cf the M?Iboorce Cap Ciudlisi nominated by the patrons cf Gr=p L>i-e = ehrooded in more mystery thsn ev- r it will be remembered, was disqu _ ..fi-d i the a'-lrged paltiu-g of Mata in tue Bir Park Stakes. Stiepleckssfng bid? fair to becanjg popular in America as it h in Acetralia,! I csrise that no Usa tbsn nineteen horses ri for the great Long Island Steepleehs, wk afforded an exciting rsc, and wis woe ! Mr. H. Harwocd'a ch g Tcckaway. by Di Jscksou, from Uti'U, carrying 4.b, 1 J P. Dswe'e ptir, Bose, by Hesb :a fr Niagara (list 10sb). and Charlemagne, byp< Molfoy. from Alice But ford, being second til third respectively. The vrinrer is rst- closely bred, as his graeddsm co fcrtb as are by Margrave. t There is an old proverb about going in ! from home to hear news of ourselves, wikj has an illustration in the Xew York Spir, cf the Times. The journal referred, to has;# paragraph conveying the intelligence oi is uafortunrte accident which befel thevel krown athlete, Professor Miller, whu. wrestiing with Donald Dinnie, at tej Exhibition- building, in April last, and or eludes by saying that he may recover, k will always be a cripple. The professor? about again, and will soon be all right, I am glad to say that the statement aixR-, his being permanently affected by the uq dent is not likely to be true. From Tasmania, I learn, that the Campbd town Steeplechase Meeting has been uisi for the 24th Sepjember next. The ha&&' capping will be entrusted to Mr. P. t' Monaghan, and amongst other items on tbi programme I observe a Handicap Steq&< chase of 15 so vs., over a four miles coarse, i The appeal against the fine imposed ops' Mr. S. Barnard, by the Adelaide Pdky court, for betting in an enclosed ring at tfi Morphettville Racecourse, has. lam glads' sy, resulted in the conviction tek qnashed. Racing matters are indeed at a very k ebb iu Sooth Australia just now, sad at; recent meeting of the S.A.J.C., t'ne tiou as to whether the club shall akuML racing altogether was left in the hasdsc the committee to decide. The Sydney Evening .VW.--, on go® antbority, states that the Government ;; New South Wades intend to resume tb ; laud occupied as Rand wick racecourse. The World's London special of 1 2Sth May says:- 14 It has now transput that the real owner of St. Gatien. whore the dead heat for the Derby with Hi' vester, is a builder at Epsom, and so t timate friend of the famous jockey. F«u Archer, who rode St. Madern. The popsk belief among sporting men to-night is ti£ Harvester was never ill as was report and that the circulation of the report purely a trick to rig the market and obt»s long odds. When Harvester appeared, bs perfect soundness was so patent to aiLk holders that he was very heavily backe& and large sums of money must have bee: landed by his owners and backers. , h s probable, however, that Sir John WiiiOiigbh' will have some very awkward questions answer about the alleged trickery in the pOrts of hie horse's condition, and alsoalf the pulling, by jockey Webb, of Queen aide, who would undoubtedly have roa £ she had been allowed." While attending a ploughing match ifl & neighbourhood of Wood end in the i&teretf; of The Wtekly Times, cur sgncaltS;1 representative unearthed a trotting pro&l;? in a three-year-old mare named Maaiesse,? Light of Day from Sweet briar, 'e le«-e ;.®i tht the fitly, who belongs to a Mr. trotted a distance of 200 yards short of miles on abash road in 10m in . drawing1 twe-wheele vehirie eon tain icg t«ro perso® betides my informant. Tnis perforata? 81 done in an effort to catch to enable our farmer's friend'' to Melbourne. A San Francisco paper publishes »aj torestiag letter from its London earre??3 dent, in wkidt allustcn is made to the rtk Lord PatmoethV horses. Writing ol buyer of Busybody, the jour ail referred. She was irchss-ed or. : ceit hi n Mr. Ba»r-5. a youag /j present best known to fsuia by rtisoo of having been mixed up in a seani aloes at the Four Oaks Park meeting soc?c t , rears ego. This young gentleman, figured in the raring world as ' Mr. A-iiar - baring been promptly haulsd be.' ere stewards oa the oeeaaicn I icftr to, propetly suspended from riding io owning borsea, or in any way B a period of two years, j B lute scion of the great Scotoh house Bird has repented of hiB evil doings, and Hone am quite willing to believe that in Hbture he will strive to become an orua- H to the followers of the British turf. I Ht very muoh, however, whether the Rg public will have the same confidence Hsybody when the peerless filly is stripped Hber engagements during the present Rn that they had woen she can- R iu ahead cf her opponents last year " Hher on reference is made to America's R j ickey Donahue, who arrived ia Eng- R recently to ride for Mr. Walton, has Red quite incapable to hold his own with English jockeys. In a race at Epsom he led his mount, a three-year-old called Hful, along to suoh an extent that when EporBe, who was leading his field, appeared B winning easily, he suddenly abandoned Ruruggle, and, showing muoh temper, was Rb on the post, his owner thereby losing Rpdsome stake of 25.000dol., for which be Bpacked him. The frequenters of English Bourses are very prooe to criticise the |Hg of the jookeys, and poor Djnahue, who Rbreetei on his return to weigh in with Rof derision and scorn, was so annoyed Hp remonstrationB of the crowd that he Unsolved to return to America without m. Harvester's new owner (Lord John Rjbughby) is thus alluded to: — "This Bk barouct is a receot Requisition to the SHand has already developed gambling fReDciefl which hive stamped him as one |||ie heaviest and most reckless betters of gram days. He is as well known at Rco as he is in London, and, although Hfpi possessed of estates yielding him an Rnniia revenue, it is safe to predictthat Hp: more likely to fellow in the.foctsteps of |f|Duke of Hamilton, the Marquis of Ipings, the Earl of Wicchelsea, and other iraemen who became involved, well-nigh lilies sly, through their gaaibling traus- mpp, than to succeed to the place on the igf now unhappily vacated by L -rd ||bouth.!' Sfiesday next being a holiday, the booths, jSK, and other privileges io connection with |B| approaching Winter Meelicg of the |ggC. will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar at neon fRtonday next, the 14th inet., instead of Iffpfday, as advertised. Ifiie following horses have claimed their fragrances : — Maiden Hurdle Race : Raillery, Kit Nubbles, Bassanio, Gasalier, IwHord, Western, Omadhaun, Hazard, ttiib. Maiden Steeplechase: Robin Hood, ijpP' Mason, GoodwXod, Sir Fyans, True flip, and Notorious. Iph meet tbe requirements of the train: rs Hpadquarters, Mr. Byron Moore has decided RTrect thirty new scrapicg sheds on tbe Rmington training-ground Two-thirds cf number are to be put up near tbe Jmtoirs, and ten on the side where Martini- llppy is?ued from when receiving hiB 8Baration for the last Derby and Melbourne iHr. S. Nathan, of furniture fame, is now l|j|bwner of tnat improving colt Leperello, Slaving given Mr. Weeks 250 guineas for Ijijpnr) cf Don Giovanni. Countryman has lilt been sold to Mr. S. Martin, so that the imjirture of the pair to India is deferred for iRdae at least. |gj|l altering the fixing of the next meeting jjfjhe Elsternwick Park to Saturday, the 9th gjpfr , Mr. Haydon could not have been aware IR the 9th August is the date decidedupon Hie Wyndham Club for holding its Winter Mting. when Mr. Joe Thompson went to the old jjjRtry tbe metallicians lost their bell- REer, for ever since the leviathan ||1| been away the betting market Swpl been characterised by a lassitude nmnh was never before observable Bince the lawtution of the Melbourne Cup. The IjHuioe of tbe king of the ring, I suppose, mrounts for the prevailing dulcess in the imglnlatioii over the Caulfield Cup and ' j||||ourne Cup, for there ha6 been very little simulation during the week. For the Mel- Nairne Cup, a few thousands have gone on mnet William, and he is now quoted at 100 pip, Moroney, Broker, Ned o' tbe Hil's, ipA.Deepot being nibbled at for small sums w100 to 3, while larger prices can be atillmed about others. R.0. Scratchings. — V.R C. Maiden Bsidle Race : Concingeby, Le Besu, Briton, lulden Steeplechase: Molrow, 3anyenong, Billet Anchor, The Mason, The Squatter, Stwnpede, Big Drum. Grand National Hurdle Rme : Sheet Anchor, Brenda, Last Try. Gamd National Steeplechase: Chester, Tbe £||Siittert Stampede, Tandstiekor, Selling iRdle Race: Dundreary. Handicap Fiat Pple : Wotonga, Victress, Leabia, Prince jjSrick, Hurricane, Creswick, Caller Ou, tl||l Faux, Malua, Polly, Uproarious, Briton, i||||Cupidon. Caulfield Cup : Mueaat. 