me South Sea Pilgrims— II. CBTJISE OF THE WAIE&EAPA.; fOTIE SPECIAIi COEBEEPONDENCE.) Lhvuka, June 12. THE HOEEOBS OF MAL DE MEB. No one could account for It. Passengers who had come from England, from Melbourne, from Sydney, from every port in New Zealand, declared that it baffled all their experience ; they never iiad been so turned up. They had braved rougher Eeas and more bluaterine 8totni3 with, equanimity. Who can de Bcribo in all its colours the terrors of this dread malady ? The ebip sinks in ths trough of the ssea, and a sickening feeliap tJiri!l3 the centre ot vmaiuy ; tho head swims: then comes a heave— a dreadful heave. The abdominal muscles contract, and tbe whole power of the subject is concentrated in one convulsive effort to project his boots oa» of his mouth ; he fails ; he trios again with renewed power. Once more the ship sinks in the hollow spaces twixt the waves, and the luckless sufferer feels that a fathomless gulf Lq,s opened beneath him, down which he is falling, falling. Upon the crest of the next wave he rises to renewed effort : thistimo. perhaps, hd succeeds in rooting out from some hidden recess of his internal economy a portion of the dinner he had eaten the day before yesterday. Heads fef per spiration start from every pore, and ho falls back on his pillow in a so mi-fainting condition. But let me draw a veil over our Borrows. Friday dawned with no abatement of the weather ; but a noticeable increase in the heat, making tho cabins at night almost insupportable, the ports not having been opened since leaving Auokland. The company's proBfcectus about smooth seas and fine weather being always to be relied upon in the tropics at this season, is quoted sardonically. There are un satisfied c&ils; for Wbiteou, who mourns in his berth. Tho man who wrote '* A Life on the Ocean Wave' in voted a lunatic, and the cynic of tho party observes that ' Englishmen take their pleasures .eadly' — very. A barque in full sail steering south ward forms* a passing object of interest among- thp ? few on deck, and there is a small flutter of specula tion on the dcy'a run. Tha bulletins show that the steamer averages something over 12 knots depite adverse conditions, and thai we are safe to bo out of inisery in Suva Harbour Sunday afternoon. It is also noted that the hurricane months in Fiji never last lon'gor than from December to March, and we shall be safe to have lino weather in the group. On Saturday there is a noticeable improvement ; the wind has moderated slightly, snd tbe passengers fixe getting their sea legs. The tables at meal times are better filled ; and in the afternoon, on the hurri cane deck, bonntth tho awning, thera is a largo mus ter, despite occasional showers of rain nrH a heavy eea. A* grand sight, truly — that brrtd expiuse of ocean, far as the eye can eee, its deep .ndieo eolour bespeakiag unfathomable flepths. breaking Laco white foam on tho wave crests, or refining into every shade of brilliant blue and greon, as it is churned from the ship's Ecrow. The iresh salt breezes, coming un tainted over thousands of miles of ocean, invigorate the system &iid; sharpen tho appetite. The spirits rise with the barometer, and jovial choruses, borne to tho ear from tho lower decks, tell us that Eichard is liimBelf again. The nmstor in the saloon at night is once more icsp3ctab3c, and for the lirst tiaso sinoe leaving sounds of music and Eong are heard in the social hall, ana we have a chance of j udging of tlie harmonic force of our instrumenta lists and soloists. Miss Nicholls (of Dunedin), who has been among the chief sufferers frpm sea-sickness, ieadfe the way, and Mrs. Levin (of Wellington), Mr. and Miss Harfcer (of Anekland), Hr. Shanks (of Can terbury). Mr. Eane(of Wellington), and others, provo to be soloists of no mean talent. Whisky punch, lemon squash (a mild non-alcoholic tipple for weak stomachs), and other mysterious compounds &re; de manded in loed tocos from thoctewards, and it dawns upon us thai) we are a party bent on pleasure, and not a missionary expedition carrying a cargo of traots and flannel waistcoats for the little heathen. LA1TD HO ! Sunday morning, steaming hot, port still clospd on account of the sea. Thennooseter registers 78deg ia the cabins at daybreak. Wo wcit three deep for our looming plunge in the saltwater baths aboard, which are voteef too I ew by half. Land reported at 6 o'clock on the starboard, and Mount Washington. Kadayu, the most southerly of the Fiji group, is seen rising 3300ft sheer from thesnrface of the sea. By So'eloek we are abreast of it. about three miles distant. The mountain is treeless, but has a gTass-green appearance. Two small low lying islands near the end, when examined under this glass, give us our iirst glimpses of cocoanut trees. Kadavu is 25 miles long, and has j a fine harbour. It was here that the San -Fran- cisco mail steamers used to call under the forked service. The steamer Sfaegregor get ting stranded on the reef, following upon a series of failures in . the times of arrivals by the connecting steamers, broke down t.tiig service and threw the line upon Auckland as the port of caii, which has bsen maintained ever since. Seen from the seaward, as we coast along its chores, there is nothing tropical in. the appearance of Kadavu. It is bare en the coastline, though in the interior there is abundance of timber. The island sustains a large native population, and has a few white settlers, aofit of whom have beenlocg resident there. AK INCIDENT— BOAT BOTTOM UP. Ahead of U6 we oan see the outline of Ubenga (pronounced Benga), the nest island in our course to Suva. Like the other principal islands of the Archi pelago, it is hilly, and two of iia peaks 1289ft high. The island is five miles long by three wide, and has good anchorage within the reef. When the island is well abeam, a cry is raised aboard: 'A boat: A boat ?' Bottom upwards, the keel only visible above the water, is seen what appears to be a large boat. The steamer bears down upon it, and pre parations are made to lower the captain's gig. All iands — paesengers and crew — raib. on the upper decks, and the congregation mustering for service in the saloon adjourns sine die. Speculation is rife. -'What is ehef Will there bo any bodies in her? These are quickly eet at rest; the boat is overhauled \and turned over. It proves to be empty, with the ex ception of a palm leaf eatangledin the thwarts. The craft is evidently one adrift from the islands, a cranky-looking tub, painted green all over, such as bonevoleat Europeans might build for confiding Fijians. The tackle is .mode fast to a rope passed through her thwarts, and she is hauled aboard — not, however, before a shark had come to the surface and cruised closely round the ship's boat, showing what any unlucky wight might expect who chanced to fall overboard. A smart poUe with the boat hook hastened his departure to lower depths. While the steamer is lying still we can look dovrn at leisure into the ocean, now per fectly calm. Glimpses of queer-shaned phosphore scent fishes tell as that we are now in reality cruising in trophical seas, filled with countless curious forms of life, and that the Bight-seeing of the excursion has already begun. AEBIYAI, AT ST7VA— COBAL BEEFS. The island of Titi Leva (Big F:ji) has for nearly an hour been looming up on the horizon. It is now a distinct line of eerrated bills bounding the landscape northwards. A steamer is seen ahead, which proves 4vn ha i-ha Vr.ncnin ? fiwin/r tn t.hp foffshflhaK bsen Ivinff all night off Kadavu, eo that, through Ieaving25 hours before the Wairarapa, we mate Sava harbour within half an hour of her. As the intervening distance ie lessened, the line of hills, ghosting- into the sky in sm extraordinary number of many-shaped peaks, are Been to be covered with ,bcah from summit to the water's eige. Here and there is a bare rock among the rows of preen Eummits, too deetituto of roil to sustain vegetation ; but the land forming the coast !?*»* in the capacious semi-circular bay, around which these hills, like huge sharks' teedi, extend, is chid with rich vegetation. This beautiful feature of tbe islands they owe to the pro tection of the coral reefs that fringe their shores or form huge breakwaters far out into the eea. The Burf can be seen breaking over the reef a ehort dis tance from the chore alone the whole lino of coast. At the spct towards which ourvessel's bow is headed tho reef rune out in a ueaii-circle troza the land, with an opening about the centre; it forms a massive breakwater, enclosing a large bay, within which we can see H.M-S. Espiegle lying at anchor, and nearer the shore, warped alongside a wharf in front of the town, aro the steamers Hero, from Melbourne, and Penguin, from Auckland. A pilot comes off in a boat, manned by woolly- headed Fijiapa, as we near the reef, and steers us through its intricacies. In the passage we get our first glimpse of coral reefs ; and to some on board, who have formed their ideas of them from the branchei of fresh, white coral bo familiar to all colonists, they are a disappointmant. The reef, as it lies exposed by tho ebbing tide, resembles nothing so much &3 a broad etrip of dirty mud-bank with water on both, eidea of it. Yet bow nany cities in New Zealand and Australia are there sot which would pay hundreds of thousands of pounds (or inch a harbour as this, built up in the course of «ges with £he BKeletoae of myriads of generations of ttoWpe? I ehall no doubt nave, opportunity for noticing fheee I ormcttong more folly at a later stage in our journey; but etnn« idea of their extent may be gathered f ram tlw fact theft reliable estimates com pute tbe area of r»ef ground— that i* to say, lines of 4Mf, with intarreminy channel* and oora.1 p&tcbsa;— at ?ot 1ms than 8000 iquaro miles within too Fiji Group flteae! ? Viti Lsvn is nearly encircled by a fringing reef, which hogs tbe shore, and along the extended gfarthero and eaetna o#a*t line of tbe other great ttmflarea, Vanna Levn, the wall, with few breaks, form* a «onttnnou6 bulwark at a short distance from tbe coast. Projecting away into the sea to the west ward of Vanna JLovnie the great barrier reef of Fiji. It ialW mik-5 long, reaching almost to theY aeawa orocp, and in some places is 25 miles distantfrom the Cod, Ihere ore food passages throngh, and in many fatpK «f *r» (trest enclosed wm #» aepth of water is from 12 to 40 fathoms, interspaced, however, with many submerged coral patches which call for a sharp lookout from the navigator who takes his ship into these perilous waters. Nearly all the islands have fringing or barrier reefs, or both. Around Nairai, ail island three miles long by four broad, lying 31 miles E.S.E. from Levuka, there is an immense barrier reef encircling a broad sea channel entered by a safe pas sage with 10 to 15 fathoms. Far awav to the eastward is the Argo reef, a massive barrier 20 miles long, enclosing only two basaltic islands, the largest about a mllo in circumference, and rising to a height of 550ft. This is one of the most dangerous reefs in the group, and exemplifies the characteristics of the true lagoon. It would be mere reiteration to describe in detail the variations of these reefs in the Exploring Islands at Tahemba, Angau, Ka5vu, and other parts of the Group. Sometimes the reef hugs the chore, though the end rarely joins the laud ; this is called a ' fringing' reef. Sometimes it stands away from the shore, with channels and seas of various widths and depths, between the reef and land, usually obstructed, however, by coral patches. Then it is known as a ' barrier ' reef. This, however, iB a digression, and I must return to the subject anon. We left tho Wairarapa following the beacon marks and buoys that define the channel through the reef at Suva. The passage is ample to giye good working room, and it leads into a bay 'l^ miles from reef to shore, and three miles broad, with good anchorage in from eight to 15 fathoms. Th9 anchor it let go, and the first stage of the 'W airarapa s cruiae has been completed in safety. She has made ezeoQent time, notwithstanding adverse weather. the official log shows each day's run to be as fol lows : — allies. From 8 p.m. 'Wodnesaay to noon Thursday ... ... 259 Prom noon Thursday to noon Friday ... ... 888 from ncoa Friday to noon Saturday ... ... 8^1 from noon Saturday to noon Snnday ... ... *15 From noou Snnday to now, 1.80 p.m. ... ... 19 Total for 4 days less 1 hour ... ... ... 1173 Before describing Suva harbour and the doings of our party ashore a few faots relative to the colony of Fiji, its history and capabilities, will bo interesting. THE FIJI ISLANDS — DESCRIPTIVE AND EETBO SPECTIVE. The number of islands comprised in the Fiji Group is variously stated by different authorities. Finfilay sets them down at 312, comprising an area of 8034 square miles. But only some 70 or 80 are inha bited, many of them aro mere patches, some of coral barrier reefs or atolls, others of barren rock. The area of tho inhabitftted islands is estimated at 7740 square miles, Viti Levu (Big Fiji), on which-Suva, the capital is situated containing 4112 pquare miles, and Vanua Lovu 2-132 square miles. Taviuaa, designated ' The Garden of Fiji,' owing to its great natural fertility and extensive cultivations, is the next in size, with an area of only 217 square miles ; Kadavn, 124 square miles ; Koro, 58 square miles ; Gau, 45 sqnare miles ; Ovalau, 43, rquaro miles, and the other islands from 2S square miles downwards. Abstract fignreF, howovsr, give a very vague idea of dimension s ; a, com parison with New Zealand may bo of assistance. The !N'orih Island of New Zealand comprises 4i,0t0 equare miles, -and contains, therefore, an area equal to nearly six times the habitable land surface of the entire Fijian group; the Middle Island of New Zea land is seven times larger. One of the most remark able and favourable features of the larger islands, however, is tho abundance of water. Viti Leva, although only SO miles long by 55 broad, has sis largo rivers. The Bewa, the largest, pours out an encrmcus volume of water, computed at 500,000 cubic feet per minute. It is also navigable for Bhip's boate a distance of 41 miles, opening up a magnificent sugar country 'long its banks. The Navua, B», Sigatoka, Nadi, and Tuva are all considerable rivers, while there are many other stroag streams. The centre of tho island is mountainous, eo that the rivers flow out towards tho coast on all Eidoa of the island, watering the alluvial lands. Vanua Levu is 96 miles long by 25 broad and is not so well watered ; consequently settlement has been established chiefly along the coasts and bayp. The Fiji islands are scattered between parallels of lSdeg 47min south and lddeg 47min Routh ; and from 1754eg 35min east longitnde to 17Sdeg weet. The native population is about 125,000, the males exceed ing the females, a significant indication of a waning race, and the Europeans all told are little more than 2000\. There are upwards of 3000 imported Polyne sian and coolie labourers. Well watered and rich in tropical vegetation — the cocoanut and sago palms, the orange, shaddock, bread fruit, banana, and other producVs that thrive only in the torrid zone growing with great luxuriance — it was to these islands that numerous adventurous Australians and New Zealanders turned their thoughts towards the close of the sixties, when the devastation of the American war had sent cotton np. to famine prices. Aniocg them want from Ofcago Mr. F. J. Moss, who still owns some valuable lands on Viti Levu; 'Messrs. Chalmers, Eastgate, Taylor, Muir, Elphinstone, Orbell, Turner, Morrison (from the Blue Spur), Eeeco, of Canter bury, and many others. The white population of Fiji at this period was considerably mixed and not very refined — escaped convicts, runaway sailors, and rascals ot various sorts and conditions, known under the expressive phrase of *' beach-combers.' To these iiaJ been added a later collection of ex-military dregs and adventurers from Auckland, who scrupiea nottobsguils tha innocent savage with brass half sovereigns aud other civilised frauds; Tho first whites, like the Pakeha- BIaori loafers in young New Zealand, had attached themselves to native tribes, and actively assisted in their bloody wars if they did not exactly participate In the horrible cannibal orgies that followed. One of these war expeditions is thus graphically described by a gentleman long resident in the islands and thoroughly fandliar with the customs of the aborigines : — A AVAH PAETT IN THE OLDEN TIME. ' There was great silence upon this day in the mountain town of Namosi-^-something more than ordi nary importance ??was evidently taking place ; the houses appeared empty, and altogether the town looked as if eome dreadful doom was impending: over it. Then from the centre or square arose an un earthly succession of yells which made the listener's blood run cold. What can it be ? That is the war cry of the Na Bnkebuke tribe, mastering some thou sands strong: They are now numbering their brave* and warriora for battle. Let us enter the square and have a look at the proceedings. Passing groves of magnificent Bliaddock tress (ci4i'u»Decu)n./ina),oranj^ trees laden with golden truifc, the large chestnut tree (Inocarpusidulit), we take a seat under a beautiful tavola, the Fijian almond {Tarmwalia, Catappa). The women and children have been sent away into the bush while this important gathering is going on. There meet be some 3000 men of all ranks present, painted and decked out for war. Arms of every de scription are seen — rifles, double-barrelled guns, clubs, spears, the mighty -war-axe of steel (manufac tured in Birmingham), knives of every shape, toma hawks, &c.; ' A chief of high rank is addreesing the assembly. He says, alluding to the enemy, ' I tell you they are pigs, and sons of pigs. Who are they, I should like to know, to withstand us ? U^h ! they are slaves and old women, and can only chatter like fcakas (parrots). They have been impudent and insulting, but we will kill and eat them. Spare not the women' and child ren ; did they notlridnap and eat some of our mothers and sisters when they were out weeding our yam befiS? Think ot that, and let your spirits become brave and strong. We shall smash thsir skulls like earthen pots, and we shall eat their carcases and make whistles oi their bones ? Where is the tribe of Vu-na-gnmu ? Where are they ? In their war-f once waiting for us to attack them. If eo, that is good, for they shall be in our cooking pots to-morrow even ing.' Thenleapimr high off the ground, he g&ve; his wild war-cry, and cursed all Vn-na-gumn and their goSs. : ' Four or five more chiefs addressed the warriors n a similar strain. One old chief caused a marked sensation amongst the young men. He arose and looked around for some time without speaking. Every eye was npon him, for he was a noted general. He advanced to the middle of the square and said, * The hearts and livers of the Vu-Ea-gumu often fed our fathers ; I have tasted them ; to-morrow I shall drink their blood. ' Ai valu, ai vain, ai vain !' — War, war, war!' he yelled out at the top of his voice. ' There is a cry of ' Some more are coming,' and at the further end of the square about 50 men, fully accoutred for war, are seen advancing. They have the appearance of living bronze statues. . From head to head they glitter in the 'sun ; the hair of their heads extends fully 3ft npon each side, while beautiful streamers Of white tappa are made fast around their necks, fluttering in the air behind them at the least puff of wind. They have well oiled their bodies, and then sprinkled themselves over with mica and antimony dost. Their facekare painted in the most fantastic manner, and as they match erect into the square they are the admiration of all beholders. ' These men are the Nui-io-kolo tribe; they are right welcome, for they ara related to the Namosi people by blood and marriage, and bitter foes to the Vu-na-gumu. The spokeiman lays down his pre sents of whales' teeth before the chief Namoii, and then delivers his message, saying that their men are all arming to assist their brethren of Na Bukebnke. This causes great joy in the camp, and many advo cate the advance to take place at once, but food most be eaten first. Immense heaps of yams, taro, and pork, with fruits of various sorts, aro now brought in, and all hands fall to with a good will to oonsume as much as possible. ? ' After this business is over, each chief and his warriors are assigned their places, and the whole force passes eilantly out of the town to climb tho steep ciountain range, and drop npon the enemy before they have time to guess their intentions. The road is rough and the mountain preoipitoos, bat tbe war party proceed on, keeping in jjpod order and throwing oat a ckmd of the most active young men fa front to act as ekirmiahers. The top of the range is gained, and now they can see their enemies below, who little dream of the angry troop of warriors above them. Swiftly descending, they rnsh at and carry ;he first village, clubbing everything before them. Bnt the alarm has been given, and the enemy are closing their entrenched towns.; drums of warn* ing aro beating, oonch shells are sounding; the yells and screams of the attaoking party and besieged are minging together ; in fact, the noise is deafening. Chiefs are hurriedly urging their men forward, leading them in person ; the muskets are at work, and bodies b are thickly strewn over the ground, for tho combat is becoming a hand-to-hand one. Four times have the Nam»si warriors had to retire from the assault of the largest town, but their heathen priests mutter their incanta tations over them, and again tell them to charge, for they are now certain to gain the stronghold. With a loud cry they rush forward ; nothing can withstand them. They scale the high palisading, and set fire to the grass houses. Tho town is theirs. Now comes the work of slaughter. Nothing, nofe even the infant in arms, is spared. Village after village falls, and then Namosi pauses for breath. They have lost many good fightine men, but they have suoeeeded in their object. The dead of their own people are care fully slung in bamboo hammocks and forwarded by an escort to Namosi for buriaL The bodies of the enemy are slnnglike pigs on a large pole, and are also forwarded to Namosi, but for the oven. The whole party now return laden with plunder, the women and girls of their own towns coming out to meet them with songs and dancing, for have not their braves defeated the pigs of Vu-na-gumu people? Oh ! won't there be feasting this night. ' Sometimes, however matters did cot turn out like this, for tha attacking party got beaten, and were clubbed all the way back to their own territory. Truly it was the fortune of war in those days.' THE PEACTICE OF CANNIBALISM. Before we can ^udge the Fiji of to-day we must consider its primitive condition. It hao been said of the cannibalism prevalent among tho Maories in New Zealand that it was suggested to the people by the absence of animal food and the appetite created for it by a temperate climate. But the variation of cus tom with rerard to this diabolical practice among the inhabitants of the several groups of the Pacific, amour people haying a common ancestry, proves that this explanation will not hold good. The Tahi tians were never addicted to cannibalism, although they occasionally offered human sacrifices to their deity. The SamoanB, who aro unquestionably of the same race as the Maories. likewise never partook of human flesh. The Fijians are believed to be of Papuan origin ; but they hold irregular commnmea cation with the Samoan islanders, and, though blessed with a climate and means of susten ance equal in every respect, were cannibals of the most depraved kind. Human sacrifices, attended with indescribable depravity and savage cruelty, were frequent. At the Island of Ban, 2G miles from Levuka, two monolith stones are still the objects of a morbid curiosity to visitors, for against these blocks of stone tho brains of innu merable victims were dashed out as sacrifices to the Fijian dieties, their bodies being afterwards con signed to the pot. THE GOVEENMEKT PBIOR TO ANNEXATION. It was on the island of Ban that Cakabau, the first Kine of Fiji, grew into power. The island is small and and insignificant, only about a mile in circuit, but was weU situated for plundering the canoes of other tribos as they passed from island to island. Cakabau's father had gathered around him a number of adventurous spirits, who en gaged in piratical enterprises, and became the terror of the islands. To his power Cakabau, after many vicissitudes, succeeded, and was initiated at an early ace into the bloody prerogatives of chieftain ship, clubbing his first man — a poor wretch held down for the purpose — when only five years of age. ? He imbibed all the evil proclivities of his ancestors, with a special endowment of natural cunning, and carried on many terrible wars. In subsequent years he became a convert to Christianity, and developed into a law-abiding and law-asserting ruler. A large Wesleyau church is n«w the most conspicuous building on tho island of Ban, which once echoed with tho shrieks of tho wretches led forth to butchery. The missionary in Fiji, as in New Zealand and most other barbarons countries, was the pioneer of civili sation. The first real colonists of Fiji were anxious to get a settled government, and Cakabau, being the most powerful chief in the islands, was chosen as its head. He manifested considerable natural -aptitude for the office, punishing rebellious natives with great vigour. Bat he necessarily fell into the handB of a few schemers, and the planters desired a more civilised rule. The natives wore also not indisposed to annexation. The Government found the responsi bilities of ruling great, and the funds v uncertain ; Caknbau was held responsible for outrages com mitted by natives in all parts of the group, and yet had no effective control over them or means of pro tecting his subjects from depredations. Some of the outrages perpetrated by unprincipled traders 'were very trying, as a reminiscence of the exploits of the notorious Bully Hayes, narrated by the authority whose account of a Fiji war party I have already given, will show. (to be continued.) 