PAPERS READ AT THE Y.M.C.A. CONFERENCE, ADELAIDE, 1884. A CLOSER UNION OF THE AUSTRALASIAN ASSOCIATIONS, AND THE NECESSITY OF SECURING A TRAVELLING AGENT OR SECRETARY. BY W. U. MARSH, GENERAL SECRETARY, MELBOURNE. A single thread may be strong, but it gains more strength by having another thread twisted with it, and so on until thread after thread becomes a strong rope, and ropes twisted become a cable of enormous strength. So with any body of men and the work they undertake. A single association may be strong enough for certain work in itself; but it can accomplish far more, undertake greater schemes of usefulness, become far-reaching, and cover a larger territory by the combined energy, wisdom, counsel, and prayers of others. The scattered associations should join and form a grand organisation, presenting to the world an unbroken front. There are unions of all kinds in the world—trades unions, professional unions, and Christian unions ; and when these unions have been real, the work done by each separate body has been greater than before such union was formed. As this paper relates to a union of the Australasian associations especially, the question might be asked: How can we benefit by such union ? Can we do more and better work as the result than we are doing now ? At present we have in nearly every colony an active association, with a general secretary fully qualified for the work—Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and the chief New Zealand cities. In many of the provincial towns, and some of them with a population of from 10,000 to 20,000 souls, we have just begun to place men in the field, and the work is prospering. Other smaller towns, seeing the success of the larger cities, have endeavoured to have similar associations in their midst, have gathered the young men together, elected honorary officers, and, as far as their knowledge of the work would allow them, gone on with it, adopting the lines of the metropolitan associations ; but by not having a better knowledge of the main features of our work, and having no. Young Men's Christian Association literature at their command, having a limited experience, and no opportunity of acquiring more, tkesd associations, after living a sickly and unsatisfactory life, suddenly die out, making it impossible for a long time after for another to be started, or to get sympathy for those already under way. Ought this to be so ? In nearly all of our metropolitan associations our schemes and plans are different. Some succeed, and others fail. Neither have we a uniform constitution. At our last conference a resolution was passed to this effect—" That in view of a resolution moved by the Rev. H. A. Langley, and seconded by Bro. Alex. Walker, this convention recommends the adoption of the Paris basis of 1855 by all the associations throughout the Australian colonies, Tasmania, and New Zealand" (page 29, "Report of Second Intercolonial Conference"). Only one association, to my knowledge, adopted t.:e resolution, and carried it out, aud that was the Adelaide Association. Again, for a long time we had little knowledge of one another, and that was by a limited correspondence. It is true that latterly, by the aid of the printing press, the association journals give us more information concerning each other's work. Yet still we do not know enough of the working of the different associations to improve our plans by their successes, and profit by their failures. The interchange of visits between the general secretaries has been more frequent of late years than formerly. Yet our visits become more pleasure trips or seasons for rest than business gatherings, where with mind aud heart we may prayerfully consider the great work before ns. Our members often comeand go between the associations. But, as strangers, the sights of the city attract their attention, and take up their time. Neither can we blame them if they do not go into the work and plans of the association for our benefit. Seeing, then, these difficulties, as the influence and power of these associations are on the increase. I feel persuaded that we ought to be doing more to secure a closer union of these scattered associations. We must come out of our shells, get new life, new schemes, new plans, by getting closer, seeing each other oftener ; and in an earnest, business-like manner go into the grand scheme of universal work for young men's souls, as well as their bodies. I do not think it advisable for all to adopt just the same methods. Working in the same groove, we can aud must have more unity, though not necessarily uniformity. How have the associations in the older countries succeeded in this united movement ? Take the United States and British Provinces of America for example. When these associations began to increase, and the work assumed larger proportions; when the larger and stronger saw around them the weaker needing help ; when old plans and schemes seemed inadequate to cope with the evil, and progress was retarded by unwise management, they called a conference of delegates from all the associations in existence, and formally constituted an International Conference of the Young Men's Christian Association of the United States and British Provinces. The result was a gathering together of the scattered forces—the weak received strength, and the ignorant were taught. Loug before such a palace as this we meet in to-day had been erected for the benefit of young men, t ese great conferences were regularly held, aud i believe that this gathering in this beautiful hall to-day is one of the results of those conferences. The importance of the work was not limited to their own associations, their individual spheres, or their own cities. They felt tbat all the young men of America were their heritage, and the result has been increased wisdom, energy, and devotion, accumulation of property of immense value, and an organisation second to none in the world. As these large conferences became of some importance, the necessity of each province and stale holding one of its own became apparent, and so each state or province has its annual conference. Again, different districts in each state or province felt that they must have conferences for the further development and the strengthening of their work, and so there are the district conferences. These are represented in the state conference, and the state conference in the international, and the international iu the All-World Conference, which will beheld (l>.v.) next month in Berlin, the capital city of the German Empire, and at which one of the papers read at this conference will be presented. In Great Britain, also, these conferences arc held in the same manner and in the same divisions, and the result there has been beyond all expectation, aud a standard has been reached that has called forth the admiration of all good men. All this grand display of feeling—this fund of wisdom, experience, and power—comes to us, it is true, in a limited way through printed reports. It is one thing to read abstracts and papers and remarks, but it is an entirely different matter to be present, and participate in the grand debates upon subjects that affect our common work. Thus, in a brief and most crude way, I must confess, I have endeavoured to show you bow this close union of the older associations has been formed, and how grandly the union has been blessed. It may be remarked that we are not old enough to have these gatherings ; that we cannot keep up an annual intercolonial conference—our distances are too great for us to travel; our associations too poor ; our time too much occupied. Tell me, do men who wish to shine in any particular profession think the college in which tliey are to get their training too far, fees too costly, and the time spent too precious to help them in their laudable endeavour ? Do you mean to tell mo that an old drill and sledge are just as good as the newly-invented rock-drill, driven by compressed air, one doing ten times the work of the other? Do men prefer the slow and painful coach journey to the swift steam engine and comfortable railway carriages, whereby the}' can accomplish more, do it better and quicker, than of old ? We find politicians, professional men, mechanics, and mariners, all meeting in conference, studying hard and searching everywhere, if so be they can get more information, improve on the past, and accomplish a greater amount of work in less time, with less labour, in the future. As these conferenc -s are to us secretaries aud delegates a college, an Upper House, and a hall of Young Men's Christian Association science, I am sure we shall not say any amount is too large, any distance too great, and any time too long, if, by getting closer together, a bond of union is formed, whereby we get a better understanding of our work, and wisdom to carry it out in a more successful way—doing, in fact, once for all a permanent work, instead of that which, for want of knowledge in the past, we have had, unfortunately, to undo, because we lacked the experience others had gained. I maintain that these conferences are to general secretaries and delegates what the halls of learning are to our professional men and the Houses of Parliament are to our representatives—places to gain information and wisdom, and to profit by one another's experience. Assuming this to be the fact, the question now arises, how can we accomplish in these Australasian colonies that which has been the source of power and influence among the older associations at home—viz., this close union ? I answer—Firstly, by a regular annual intercolonial conference, held in a different centre each year. I am sure that those who were privileged to attend the last conference held in Melbourne about four years ago will admit that, as far as it went, a great deal of information was brought out, fresh energy imparted, subjects bearing upon our work well ventilated, and a bond of brotherly love and sympathy formed; but the interval being so long, the interest nas somewhat waned, and the resolutions almost faded from our memories. We must have these gatherings oftener. Secondly, they must assume some official shape, have certain duties assigned them, and be recognised by all the associations. Their resolutions should not be formal merely, but of some official importance, and their ruling respected. To do this well, honorary officers should be elected, to hold office till their successors are appointed to carry out the wishes of the conference. A council should also be formed, to which any matter of intercolonial importance might be referred. An intercolonial paper might also be published, as the official organ of the conference aud all associations, as the Watchman is of the American Associations, each association pie Iging a certain amount of subscribers, to ensure the editor against loss. We might try also to carry out the resolution passed at our last conference, and urge all of our associations to adopt the Paris basis, as held by all the home associations, and without which, to the best of my knowledge, we have no scat at the All-World's conferences as delegates—at least, at the international conferences of the United States and British Provinces. I would also suggest that every association be made to feel the great importance of these gatherings, and that they may be urged to send at least one delegate to every convention or conference, as well as their general secretary, and that from this conference correspondence be opened up with the All-World's secretary and the secretaries of other conferences for an interchange of periodicals, reports, and other information that would help us in our general and specific work. I firmly believe that if these suggestions were carried out, and our minds fully set upon mole definite intercolonial work, a closer bond of union would be formed of all Australasian Associations, and a greater amount of good work done. We cannot afford to have any jealousy in our work, or pride either. We must try. at least, to look upon others as good as. if not better, than ourselves. I would suggest, finally, the appointment of a paid agent orsi en-tary, who shall go from one extreme of our colonies to th" oilier, throughout Australasia—as ei.r ivpresi ntative. hi- duties to Lie as follow.--:—Assist iiie weak aud struggl'im associations by a j er-onal ea:.vass. holding public meetings, and using 1,cli other i.i ans as may suggest themselves to help th- cause; al-n. to meet the boards of management of th" larger as-eeiations. hold parlour conferences of merchant': and leading men—in fact, interest himself in all the associations, and get them to interest themselves in one another, thus l'oiming a living medium between us all. To do this I feel we require a man of lavg • experience in our work, o- undaunted courage. indom:;uol<j will, great personal piety, consecrated tact, good buMncss training, a good speaker, with good address, wise, and dNcreet. I speak from an experience such as possibly few of my brother secretaries have had. It has been my pleasure to visit at some time or other nearly eveiy association in Australasia. I found that in my humble way I could stimulate and encourage the i'evble and hold conferences with the stronger: and, being a .-tranger. 1 !,;ei an opportunity of speaking very plainly upon certain ;!:'.ii_'s that if the local secretary had done it would ! av nnj-t likely produc d unpleasantness, or some might ..ive taken it as a personal matter. And I find it very co'.,ve-ai -lit to get a stranger to do th -flogging for/»• . becau.s i liudthe people take it better. Again, in nearly every town I visited there was a desire expressed for au association. Meetings were called and .-Teps tak< n to form one, but my limited time would not alluw me to remain and assn-l UP-HI. Again, I found associations in some places just ready to die ; but holding a few meetings, and the town being canvassed, new life was infused, and the work undertaken with renewed vigour. All admitted that, if a travelling secretary were appointed who could give all his time to visiting these places, a grand work could be done bv his regular isitation, aud new associations would spring up all over our land. I am sure that no conference would de-.-ire any one association to undertake this very important work itself at its own expense. Yet Melbourne has most generously undertaken a great amount of visitation of (hi- kind, So confident are "our Board that such a course is necessary that for some months during the past year they kindly granted the services of their General Secretary in response to the many calls from different associations for help, and they express themselves well satisfied with the result, the Melbourne Association being not much the poorer fur it. If so much can be done by one humble instrument, with a metropolitan association on his hand", in such a short time, what might be accomplished if a well-qualified agent was sent from this conference to devote all of his time to the work ? We must come out of our narrow limits, our last year's shell, our little enclosure of local interest am! profit,aud .seek the welfare of our united colonies by a determined effort to plant and foster our associations from one (nd of the colonies to the other, our motto being—" The Young Men of Aus ralasia for Christ." At present we are far behind our brothers of the north. But need we be? Cannot a determined effort, lie made at this conference to reach the only true po-oion of union by adopting, in some mea-ure, the means that have been used to accomplish what has been done elsewhere? As individual associations, we have been too con:.'); - d with our slow progress. Not in buildings. Those two palatial edifices tbat will soon adorn Sydney and our dear sister, Adelaide, are indeed monument.- of untiring zeal for the welfare of the young men. But the buildings are not everything, although most needful for the the work. We want the work carried on in the buildings to be the; best, most complete, and successful human brains can conceive and human hands carry out, guided truly by the Divine Spirit. Let South Australia, New South Wahs." Queensland. New Zealand, Tasmania, and Victoria be bound up in one grand union of love, work, and sympathy—a grand communion of Christian activity, energised by the Holy Ghost. I have mentioned the necessity of appointing a paid travelling secretary, sent out by this conference; and if time had allowed, I could have quoted from reports recently received from home how these agents have proved their right to live. I have also given my ideas of the kind of a man required for the position ; also my experiences, which seemed to me a sufficient warrant for these suggestions. But the difficulty that may now present itself to the conference is one of ways and means, and securing a man with such p culiar qualifications for the position. Let me take the latter difficulty first. I believe that we must endeavour to prevent a jealous feeling arising in the hearts of our brother secretaries. As this would l>e a position of great honour, it might cause heart-burnings and feelings not over kind if one of our number wore appointed. To steer clear of this unseemly rock, I would suggest that a man be secured from abroad—one- who had graduated from a first-rate metropolitan association ; a real Young Men's Christian Association professor, with all the degrees our most noble institution can confer upon him ; and after we secure him, then pledge him our united support. We must look beyond personal feeling in this matter. What are men, if a great work is to be done? We want heart and head, consecration and holiness, the glory of God the salvation of souls. And we must notconsult the mora man. We want the living principles in the man wrought out in his life, and permeating all our work by his influence. Now for the means. There ought not to be much trouble here. When we feci the time has come to act, let the conference decide to raise every year a certain sum to carry on the intercolonial work, of which the secretary's salary will form a very important part. If we cannot raise enough by this plan, get a number of annual subscribers for this especial fund, and let each association subscribe according to its size and influence. The week of prayer for young men, now universal, might be used for having special collections in each association, and thus add to the general conference fund. Thus the work could be carried on. This is no Utopian scheme. If we want our work to develop and keep pace with the times it is high time that we awoke out of sleep. Make the conferences a means of great benefit and blessing, uniting us closer together; and by a close attention to the business that brings us together, see that our time aud energies arc not wasted by having a JSi good and true man of God, who will take the combined wisdom of this honourable Christian gathering, and disseminate it throughout the length and breadth of our land. I hope, gentlemen, you will excuse the length of this paper ; and though my arguments may be considered weak I sincerely hope that some thoughts thrown out in this way may tak : form, aiul our beloved associations become more closely united, and our agent go Hying from town lo luivu with the olive branch of the gospel to tell the weary, s.ormtosscd young man of the Mountain of Rest and Hope. even the Rock of Ages. 