THE PUNISHMENT OF SEDUO TION Tho sod c&bq; of tho girl Lizzie Murphy has thoroughly aroused tho indignatiou of society at Balbrat, and this ovoning a preliminary meeting will bo held for tho purpose of on- quiring whether thozo is any oxisting law to punish the offence of deliberate seduction, and, if not, to prepare a petition to Parliament for the introduction of a strin gent seduction bill, in ordor, so far a9 is humanly possible, to prevent tho froqunnt occurrence of a crimo so hurtful to society. At Thb Herald pointed out, when first calling public attontion to this tragedy and tho poei live necessity for somo action with reference t > tho offence that led to it, ' the question is one surrounded with grave diffi culties from the outset to tho finish. As to the bearings of tho present law, founded, as it is, on the custom and precedent of legislation in vogue for centuries, thoro is not much doubt that it Bimply provides for an. action at civil law for damages sustained by the loss of tho victim's services to her parents or em ployers if she is in any kind of situation at tho time she was betrayed. Even tho In dian penal code, which inflicts upon an adul terer the penalty of six months' imprison ment, makes no provision for seduction beyond the fine laid down in tin old Mosaio law, without the consequent compulsion to marry the woman who has been wronged. In short, tho law evidently considers that the sooial disgraco which: falls upon theseducedis, or should be, Bufficientlydo renent to prevent women from being led astray' aid that their knowledge of tho consocmences -f their folly is quite enough for thorn in rhe way of protection. As, how- over, littlo or no social obloquy except in very rare instance attaches to the seducer, there is even from the strictest point t-f view a strong element of injustice in the treatment accordod to the two parties, onl the question How for the Legislature can interfere to remo\etbifiovil, forms an interesting as well jb important subject for general dis cussion? There is naturally not much sympathy for a girl who, by forming cbanco acquaintances, unkuownto h&rfriouda;, throws "er&elf; wilfully in tho way of temptation, and (.he probable result. She is guilty of decep tion herself, and cannot complain much oi being deceived in her turn. On tho other hand, there is among all right- minded men a strong fooling of antipathy to the man who seduces a girl under promise of mar- riage or ou employer wao wroogB a woman when serving under his roof, Sensational novels and plays teem with this sort of thing, but in real life tho head of the man who doos either is not lifted very high among his fellows, and a law giving power to punish him would be universally accep table, After all, however, although the ventilation ef the subject may show the necessity for dqw legislation in this direction, we hold to the opinion that tho result of discussion will tend rather to provo tho need for a more particularly social action And in this women themselves must take an import ant part There are many women, we hope, who regard the botrayor of one of tholr own Bex with contempt and aversion, the more especially when ho leaves his miserable prey to starve or drowD, as poverty or despair may direct. But in far too frequent inatancos he escapes with comparative immunity, and in the eyes of some ,his reputation as a '! wicked, bud man" adds to his attractions. Until, therefore, society steps in to alter tho present mode of oocially dealing with the offence of incontinence in both sexes, so ffir as reduction is concerned, it is hardly fair to expect that the Legislature will be very noxious to do so. Investigation, moreover, will, in our opinion, diacloao that in many catesof this kind there bai beon a want of mothorly core and training, that girls are not only personally but morally neglected, that oven those moving to the bost socioty are not exempt from tho charge, aud that many women who would turn in virtuous indignation aro culpably careless with regard to their own daughters Tho whole subject, iudoo.l, is an unpleasant 0110, but the uecossity for dealtiTg with it becomes daily more Apparent, aud tbo most useful movement that cau bo made in that direction must bo a social one. An iuterostirg matter caino ou at tho Filzroy Court this moruiog, m tlio proseoutiou of J. lloland, for oouductiug tlio " Champion' Swoop, Wo givo a full rop<»t in another column. It will bo loon that tlio case broke down on a preliminary objection, through no iuBufficiouoy of the summons, Howovor, tho Crown will summon again, at onco. Tbo U'htnko, wo loam, occurred in this way: Mr Ohomloy draftodtho information and wound up with "Ac., Ac.," moaning that tho elork in writing tho summons should finish the due ccotorae, Howovor, tho clork misunderstood tho "Ac., Ac," and took it to bo iho insig nificant sign which itusunUy is. Mr Parvo told tho Bench this morning, that ho know verp well that his old antagonist Mr Smyth did mt draft tho information. So far na cau bo gnthorod at present, the I'ettavol mmder bids fair to add auotlior to the dailc mysteries of crimes which cauuot b« loarucd. Sub-Inspector Brown has returned to Melbourne, but tiergonnta Ward aud Potto are still at Geelong making inquiries, aud watching for any accident which may turn up t throw light upon tho foul deed. It has now bocu ascertained that a man upon whom sus picion rested in the first instance, is in New South Wales, and was huudrods of miles away from Geelong whon tho murder was com mitted, Tho Argus this morning fell into an error in interpreting one of tho telegrams from its London correspondent. Tho telegram was made to convoy that tho Colonial Bank oi Australasia bod lost £50,000 by the failure uf MoMra Thomas aud Co, but it should have read "tho Colonial Bank, " which is a West Indian institution, and is in no way conuocted with tho Australian colonies, Daring the forenoon tho Argus, with commendable promptitude issued slips oorrocting tho orror. It is but just to our contemporary to say that it seldom makes a mistake. Tho cyclonic stonn which oommoncod on Saturday afternoon appears to have travelled ovor nearly the whole area of Victoria, south f tho Dividing Rnngo. A pproaohiog from the south-west tho change in tho weather was net ' ob&crvod; at the mora distant signalling station, and tho depression of tho barometer at most of the Victorian po3to of observation was attributed to tho north wind which blow as near tho const as Saudhurst. The Antarctic .'rigin of tho cyclone was npparout by tho great reduction of temperature during its pasnage, tho thermometer registering as low as 48deg., quite winter cold. A con siderable amount of rain has fallon since Saturday, the amount registered at tbo Observatory up to noon to day being » little over an inch. This morning the weather had tightened a littlo, and tho temperature rose to (iOdeg. in the shade, and the occasional gleams of sunshine increased the register of the thcr- momotertoll2 deg. Unsettlod weather, how ovor, is the only forooast that can safely b made for the next twenty- four hours. The following are the readings by Gaant's instruments Baromoter.30,200, rising'; boat in sun to day, 12 a.m., 85. The highest read ing of Count's thermometer in the shade, Bourko street, yesterday, was 69, and tbo lowest from 9 a.m. yesterday to 9 u.in. to-day 44\. By a thermometer iu Bourke rtro-t, in imo, tho higher reading yesterday vr&a; 120\. , Onoof tho roasouu why auuaibot'of persons —old volunteers and others —hold aloof from joining the now militia force until tbo new regulations are issued is that they do not understand tho exact terms of the oath to which they are called upon to sub scribe. The oath of allogiauce is as follows: —"I, — , d swear that I will wall and truly serve our Sovoieign Lady the Qneeu in the — — for a period of — — years, or until soonor legally discharged, dismissed or removed ; nad that I will oppose and rorit Her Majs'tyV enemies and cause Her Majosty's paacato.be kept and preserved, whether omployedupon land or at boo, and that I will prevent to tho best of my power, all offences against tho same ; and that while I continue to not iu tho samo I will, to the bost of iny.skill and know lodge, faithfully discharge my duty according to law." It is considered by a number of persons that under thri oath,, unless thoro. is a regulation to the contrary, men may bo t tkau out of the colonies at ony time to servo either on eea or land anywhere, when iu joining the fores their only intention is to asaist in the dofonco of Victoria. Certainly tho oath is somiwhrt ambiguous, and its nature requires some ex planation, Mr W. B. Reynolds who has been private secretary to the last two Miuistors of Rail ways bos been appointed minute secretary to the new Railway Commissioners. The ap pointment has given great satisfactiou to all who aro in tho habit of doing business with tho department, as Mv Reynolds is a ino-tt, obliging and courteous officer. The two railway commissioners, Messrs Agg and Ford, continued thoir tour of. inspection of the Spencor street yard to-day. Tho first places visited were tho grain sheds, and they obtained a quantity of valuable information iu reference to the groin traffic. In tho after noon they visited the Newport workshops. Mr Mirls acting as guide. Mr H. M'Coll, M.L.A., to-day waited upon Mi- Gillies and asked that facilities might be afforded tlio Echuca people to visit Melbourne on the 16th and 19th innt. It appears that a number of residents of Eaglehawk intend com ing to Melbourne on the 19th. and the Echucv people wish to join them. Mr M'Coll asked that orcurrion rateB might bo granted, Mr GillieB promised to accede to the raqaost if there waa .a sufficient number of passen- gers. Wo understand that thoro was groat disap pointment at 7 o'clock this morning at Queens- cliff when it became known that none of the company's steamers came down la»t night to toko away tho passengers this morning, as usual, as some fifty people were anxiously waiting. Howovor, thoro who wore compelled to keep their appoiutinoata fortunately caugh tbo Molbourne train. At tbo same timo thi company should koop faith with tho public, a the weather was fine and all that could be da sired, We notice tbo arrival from Londnu of M J. W. Springthorpo, an old Melbourne University man, who after finishing his studio , at tho Univorsity, woe for 12 months at the Beechworth Lnnatio Asylum, flinco th.-n h has beon studying principally in London, n) the Bpociol Diseases Hospital, more par ticularly Pathology. Mr Sprlngthorp «, in addition, took tho highest medical qualification obtainable by examination in London, viz., th- membort hip of tbo Royal College of Physicians of London, boing the first Australian who ha3 obtained this distinction Tbo ship Rollo, from Mauritius, 2ad of Jauuary, with a cargo of sugar, consigned to Mr Matthew Mitchell, passed tbo Head thi morning and should reach the Bay this after noon. Tho Oriont, steamer, from Sydney, enr-xttj Cor England, should reach the Bay about j o'clock Ibis afternoon, RUo will anchor ia Jui Bay. There are thirty pdtsengere on baard for this port, who wilt bo transhipped into tho tug Albatross aud Uudod at the Sandridg railway pier, Somo timo since wq mentioned that tho Mayor of Molboumo intendod to, as far as poao slblo, innko his quarter day ontortainniouts of ciu-h a character that ladies could bo present Tho iuvit.itions aro now out for a trip down (ho Bay ou next quarter day, Saturday, tith February, wheu the steamor Williams will oon- voy the guests oi his Worship from Sandridgo at ono o'clock, I The books and furniture of the judgos chant" bore at tho Suprouto Court aro being removed to-day to tho Now Law Courts. Tho rooms are dismantled (and dmty and remind ouq of a " banquet hall deserted" only thoy are not quite so poetical iu appearance. Tho medicos of Molboumo jiiBt now are on (he qui vive as it is rumored that as there aro no medical men knighted this distinction is to bo conferred on Romo motnber or inombor of tho profession. Who the likely ono will be it is hard to say. There aro two oiuiaont sur- i i-nra iu tho running, and it is said, both are playing lone hands, Ono is going to England shortly with au eminent poraouago. It is thought ho has the beat chanco. Sydney bos already a knight in tho profession. Tbo ordinary half- yoarly geuoral mooting of the Indemnity Fire and Marino Insurance Company of Australasia, Limited, was hold at two o'clock tliis afternoon. There wai no printed report and balauco ehoot presontod, but it was stated that tho last half-year was proaporoue, and a dividend of 10 por cent, would bo paid ou and after to-morrow at noon. Tho following casualties wero rocoived at i tho AUrcd Hospital yesterday : — Thomas Stubbs, ngq 55 yoara, painter, living at I'ino street, South Yarra, suffering from dislocation of tho shoulder, caused by falling from aladdor; Hugh/ Gallaghor, ago 45 years, living at Markot- street, South Molbourne, Buffering from a fractured lag, recoivod ia jumping a fcnco ; Richard Storoy, ago 50 years, living at Chapel street, Frahran, suffering from a lacerated wound in tho leg, caoaod by falling down, A brass moulder naraod George W. Edo, re siding in Clarendon street, South Molboucncb reported to tho pulico yesterday morning that ho was robbed ou Saturday night of a gold watch and two rings valued at £55 Ho was drunk, and sat down ou the stops of tho Grand Hotel, Spring stroot, wheu a woman of tho town woke him up aud asked him to go kr.mo with hor, Ho refused, and she said that the bad his watch, andhowould.hu voto follow her. He was, howovor, bo much intoxicated that ho could not got up till the womau had disnppcorcd. This is tho complainant's ac count of tho robbery. Thevicinityof tho Burnley street statiooand East Richmond has been tbo bcodo of a number c-f petty robberies during the lost few nights. A butcher's shop in Swan etreethnd its shutter9 taken down, a watchdog killed, aud tho carcase of a lamb taken away. Tbo shutters ot u grocer's shop wore also removed and pitched over a neighboring fence, but no further dam age was dono. Flowers in pots, doormats, aud otbor articles bnvo disappeared, and ono or ta-o attempts havo boon made to break into another grocory store in tho neighborhood. Tho extra constable appointed to South Richmond "goes on duty today. Tbo premises of Mr Henry Fcnton, 105 George street, Fitzroy, wore brokon into on tho night of thoSUt ult., and a qu&utity; of tobacco and cigars, valued at £30, wore stolon. Tho burglars effected an entrance by forcing the back door with a jemmy. Tho matter has beon reported to tho local police. A man, namod Hugh Nisbett, who is stay ing at Pater's Hotel, Bourke street, reported to tho police yesterday that ho was robbsd on Saturday plight of £73, consisting of one £50, one £20, and three £1 notes. Ho was undor | Iho influenco "of, drink on Saturday night, > when ha met a woman, who took him into somo hotel in Bourko street, and ho missed the money shortly after. The proceedings at tho Geooral Session this morning were somo what delayed owing to the failure of no less than thrco defendants to snr- ret- derwhen called upon by tho Judgo'a asso ciate to do bo, Tho first name called was that of William Clarke, and whon tho policomau o duty had bawled themselves nearly hoarse in unnacceRsfnl attempts to mako that individua' hear, the Crown fell back on Martha Wright. After that female's name had been vigorously r-ounded all round tho court without response, 'b wuh decided to take the case of John Russell, and again tho stoutorian voices of tbo policemen wore heard here and there and everywhere, but Mr Russell oamo not. AU (his was greRtly relished by the nudienoo, and hie Houor intensified tho amusemont by observing, " Thoy don't seem to want to bo tried." Tho fourth attempt to obtaiu somo ono to try' was &nccos;»ful, for whon John Quirk was called upon, ha at ouo auawered, and bus! ne?a went on. Two hours were occupied at the Genera Scshions this morniag with the trial of John Quirk, who had tho temerity to plead not guilty to a charge of assault and robbery whioh tho evidence very cloarly established. The victim, a young raau namod Henry Holland, wufl knocked down in Lonsdalo stroet east- on Chrit-tmas Eve, by three young mon with whom ho had beon drinking 'ud robbed of thirty-ono Rovpreigun, They got away, but Quirk wan arrested Mion afterwards, and idontiGed by Holland as cue of his assail&ut;?. Sir Bryan O'LogHlen, who defended the acoused, made the most of every point that could bo raised in his favor, but the verdict of guilty, which the jury brought in, was a foregone conclusion to 'hose who hoard the evidonce. Iu tho course of his defence of John Qnirk, charged with assault and robbery at tho Gene ral Sessions to-day, Sir Bryan O'Loghlon put questions to one of tho witnesses, a littlo girl, "with a viow of oliciting whether she had received- something for giving her ovidenco. His Honor Judge M'Farland appear ad to bo very much surprised at this lino o defence, and asked sternly who tbo? it wan insinuated that tho police had boon hnlutnrincr tin flm rTiiM'a ntiidanAs Qi. said bo did not iusinnato anything. His Honor said the questions oifchor meant that or nr.thiug. Sir Bryan BQid ho considored it no- ceBBiiry in the interests of his cliont to put tho questions. His Honor referred to tho matter again in tho courso of his address to the jury. Somo judges are careful to require lady witnesses to remove the right hand glovo bbfore taking up tho Bible to kiss it, but there are others who do not consider that this is noccHBnry, and Judge M'Farland is one of them. At the Goiioral Sessions to-day a lady entered tho box to givo ovidenco, and was proceeding to tako the Bible in her gloved hand, when the crier ordorod hor to remove hor glove, His Honor promptly interpoeed, directing tho orior to leave tbo lady's glovo alone, bo that the witness was relioved from the trouble of removing and replacing hor glovo. Tho sittings of tbo Oounty Court for FebH ruary wero commenced to-day, before His -Honor Judge Cope. The court was as usual crowded on tbo ocaafaion, but as tho casos heard wero uudor£20 thoy did not inoludo anything cf intercut except to the putties concerned. At tbo Insolvency Court general meetings were held this morning in the orates of tho following Moaara Donald Bantook, sheep dealer, Kilmore ; George Henry Coultaa, monger, Prahran; George Aldred, butcher, South Molbourne; Thomas HAllinan, police ..countable, Oolingwood; David Maelood, hqtqlktiQjKtr, Oaulflqld; Joseph Catt, hntri- keeper, Snndridge; George Sutton, olcrk, South Yarra; Gilbort Smith, caterer and commission agent, South Yarra'; Frodorick Hobaon, grooor, Richmond. Tlio work of the Tariff Commission has boon noaily concluded. Tho minutes of ovidonoo havo boen revised by tbo Chairman, aro now passing through tho press, and will ohortly be published. Tho legal profession and suitors havo not yot regained tho businoss groove after tho Christ mas holidays. Ilia Honor Mr Justice Higin. bothnm eat in ohainbors to day, but not a singlo application wasmado. In a souffle on Sunday morning botwoon a couplo of young inon named James O'Noill and Archibald Wallace, tho latter rocoived a wound in his loft thigh as if from a pookot knife, which neco68itntod his removal to tho hospital, Gonstablo Davidson, who was on duty at tho comer of Bourko and Exhibition uts., at tho time, took O'Noill to tho lockup on a charge of itabbing. It was altered to ono of assault at tlio City Court to- day, and tho prisonor was fined 40s, with a liko auiouut iu coats. A middlo- agod man, namod J amos R, Bakor received a Bonteuco of twolvo months' imprison mcntatthe City Court to-day, for stealing a suit of olothos. tho property of a lodger namod George Wbatmoro, from a houeo in Baptw ano. Tho prisoner lodgod at tho ho tuo for a abort timo. Ho disappeared mysteriously last month with tho complainant's clothes, aud was not hoard of autii arrested by Plain clothes couBtablo Griffin, who mot him in Grcou afcroofc last wook, lie had previously boon convicted for forgery and receiving stolon property, A woman named Kllon Powell, described-' as a dressmaker, living with her husband in Lygon stroot, Carlton, was bound ovor by tlio City Beuoh to-day to koep tho peace for nix months for haviug assaulted aud throatonoil tbo life of a girl uamod Roso Flotohor, a witness in tho Nathan appeal oaso, to bs hoard at tho cIobq of tbo proseut Gonoral Sessions. Tho ovidenco was conolusivo that tho defend ant had seriously injured the girl, and threatened to "bang for her soonor than ore hor givo evidonce ngaiust Mr Nathau." Fo tho defenco, tho prisouor's son, a youth of about twenty yoara' of age, and hor daughter, a diminntivo child, were called. Thoir tosti ttony was of no valuo whatever in tho oaso, it only having rofereuco to auothor matter of insulting words, wbiob will bo board in the Dirtsiet Court to-morrow. Tho words usod iolbo witnoss box by the littlo girl wore of tbo most disgusting nature. Tlio woman who broke open tlio poor box at St Francis Church last weok was sentoncod tea month's imprisnumont at tho City Caurt to day Sho gavo thonnmoof Mary Hiblin. At the Prahran Court this morning tho usual brilliant audience of loafors was afforded only about ton minutes insttnetion and no amuse" mont. Tho Bench roso after a Rmall debt o&se; or two had been settled and a few "drunks'1 disposed of, tho moBt disorderly intoxicant caso being met with a finoof 5s and costs. Ab a quarter past ten o'clock tho court was closed. At tho Footscray Police Coiirt this morning a young woman agod 24, named R)saana Joy, was chargod with concealing the birth of a fcinalo child at ICororoit Crook, about ton woekt since. Fall particulars appeared in Tim Herald Inst Wednesday. Since thou pri soner had mado a confession acknowledging her guilt, and stated the father rosidod up country. Sho had previously boon confuted of two obildren by tho same party. Sub-inspec tor Toohey prosecuted. Tho care was ad. jouined until Thursday next. Tho Footecray Polico Court was crowdod this morning with a gaping crowd, in the hopes of hearing tho ovidcuco in a criminal assault case against two men named Mills and Elvin. They were, however, doomed to disappoint ment, as Inspector Toohoy anced that the caso might bo beard with closed doors, which was jdouo, ( A man named William Lang, agod 23, wan chargod at tho Polico Court, Wiltiamstown this morning, with using insulting words and assaulting Sonior-conNtablo Morgan yesterday- afternoon. Tho officor and a constable, w«ro convoying two diunkarda to tbo lock-up, whon defendant camo along and told Morgan tho police wero no good, as they only looked up persons to take their money. Ho also challenged tho officer to catch him, thinking he N-ould not leavo the man ho had in custody. Howovor, Morgan took tho challonge, and lonving his prisoner iu charge of tho other con stable gavo chase, and after a run of over a mile, caught Langnoiir the gasworks, whoro he hod run ioto a quantity of mud nearly reaching up to his nock. Ho was fined in all £3 aud coats. Two well-known roughs of South Richiuoud uamed Herbert Sines and Robert Molody, wore arrested lastjevoniog by Senior-constablo Clarke and Gonstablo Fitzgorald on charges of stealing, In company with a third man thoy called on an old man namod William Rafferty, living in an old hou6o iu Stewart street. Thoy bad boen in the habit of dropping in thoro, tho old man apparently alternating botweon foar and friendliness towards thorn. Whiloin tho house Styles wont into his bodroom and took. a handkerchief containing tbroo half-orowns from off a shelf. Rafforty saw tho theft, and de manded his money back, bnt Stylos denied knowing anything about it, and catching him by the throat gavo him' a shaking, and on his threatening to go for tho polico the others hustled him about, and for somo time pre vented him from leaving. Ultimately ho go; away by tho back door, and reported the matter to tho twlice, who found tho men in the houso and arrested the two named. Lator in tbo day an attempt was mado by a friend of prisoners' to Bqaaro tho matter, and subse quently throe half-crowns wore found in the yard. Prisonois wore brought before Mr Poole this morning, and remanded till Wednesday, There was a good attendance ofmombersof tho Salvation Army at the GeoUng Police Court on Saturday to boar a caso in whioh thoy wore particularlyinterorted. Two Hal- lolujahlasBoa named Maria Brand, aged 15 years, and Mary Middloton, aged 14, wero brought up on warrants issued by tho letter's father. hloria Brand was charged with cnticinfp Middloton away from hor homo; and the other was chargod with being an unwilling witness. Mr Dwyer appeared on behalf of the father, Bsfoto tho case was procoedod with Mr Heron, P.M., intimated that ho had rocoived a report from tho South Yarra polico, who arrostod tho girls, stating that tboy wero in respectable situations, and were well-behaved females. Mr Dwyer Baid that Middleton had no wish to puninh tho girls, his only desire being that his daughter should remain at hor homo n Goolong. Mrs Vail, of South Yarra, and mistress to tho girl Brand gave her an excellent character, and tho bench thereupon ordered hot discharge, and ordorod that tho girl Middloton should return to her homo. On heariog this eho sobbod bitterly, and begged to bo allowed to return to Mel bourne, as sho was afraid of her fathor. On tho ooart rising Mr Horon interrogated the girl's mothor, who said that she was quite agroeablo that the girl should return to Mol bourne, Middloton was obdurate, however, but aftor some persuasion ho acoeptod his wife's advice, and tho girl left tho oourt, aooompaniod by somo other members of tho Salvation Army. In St. James's Cathedral on Sunday morning aat tho Very Rev, tho Dean of MoUmrno, preached an eloquent sermon on the obj iet and necessity of partaking of tho Holy Com munioD, Ho took for his text tho 10th chap ter of the 1st Corinthians, 16 and IT vertM-: "Tlio cup of blessing whioh we bless,' is, it not Christ? Tho bread which wo break is it not tho oommunhn > of tho ' blood of tho communion of tho body of Climti wo boing many aro ono broad and ono bfKy ? cr woaraall psitakors of that ono bro od. ' 'Among tho many strange things uobaUavora Bay," tbo Very Rev. gontloman bogan, " is thoir denial that man was mado ont of dust all things are of dust. Tho food whoroby wo livo apriugs dirootly, or indirectly, from tho earth, and will as surely return to oarth again. 'From dust thou oamost and to dust thou shalt return.' Christ was really a man, with all man's wants and sorrows, bnt His mauhood was not of earth ; it was of hoaveu. no was God as woll as man, and not to boliovo that is Anti christ. Ho wrought miracles for God's glory' But when chargod by tho dovil to tum stoiios into brood that ho might oat, boing an hungered, ho rofusod, preferring to nnflor than do aught at tho biddiug of his torraontor. Tno Doan thou Alluded to tho first Communion- how OLrtBt whon ho was about to leavo His churoh gave His disoiplos broad and wiuo as a remembrance that as thoy liad nourished His body so would thoy nourish thoirs, and ours till Ho came again. In taking tho Saoramout we aro said to bo partakers with Christ, If wo donotboliove in Dim wobavoour condemnation- If wo do boliovo we havo communion with Him whioh is fellowship, lie thon urged tho no. cessity of all taking tho Sacrament, as it wit! bo a Btrougthoning arid rofroahmg of our aoul. —a commomoratioti that Ho camo to savo u from death, and a t commemoration that, though absont in body, Ho will bo with us. in spirit." Tlio anxiety of Americana as to fire in hotot has lad ouo ontorprisingbouso to furnish ouch of ite uodrooms with a fire oscapo, It consist of o metal ltuldor revolving ou a roller ; tho laddor is only fifteen inches in diameter, and winds up into a small paco, When it is stowed away, or covered with an ornnmontai cover, it reprcsonte a neat. Ou tho outbreak of a firoi the ond cau bo thrown ont of th J ' wiudow, its own weight carrying it dow rapidly to (crrafinna, where, if necossary, it can bo pulled out iuto tho iniddlo of tho street, i thus keeping those descending at a safo dis tance from the (lames. The laddor is made of floxiblo wire, with niotal cross-bars, and has a , sustaining power of soven thousand pounds- Firemen can ascend it to any floor with heavy hoso-pipo, aud hence, it may be, promptly put out a lira that might destroy a building If thoro wore anydolay. As showing tho. fight which awaitB th) Australian Eleven and tlio uocesnty whioh exists for having tho bost team, with a couplo ; of men to spare, so as to havo, a reserve, wo clip the following from a London papor A more formidable list of ccickot, fixtures thau that just arranged, at Lord's for the coming yoar hns novor before' whetted tbo apprtito of our cricketing public. Oar own internecine contests bade fair to be oven more interesting thnn usual, but tho programmo has been onor- mnuriy swelled by the adventitious aid of Australia and Philadelphia (VJ.S.) For the proper rcccptionoftborcduubtabloAutipodoans nmplo arrangements havo boon made. As ono of tho objects of there visits seems to bo to settle a supposed question of superiority, it 1ms this timo boon dooided not to leavo tho issuo to the precarions result of a single match, and England will play Australia threo timos, ones at Lord's, onco at tho O val, tind onco at Man chester. The Colonial Eleven will also play tbo Gentlomon and Playors, each ' twice, and will also inoet tho North of England on two oc casions. Thoro will br nine tost matches, iu- doed, and tbo winners of tho greatest uumbar of thom will have eomothing to bo proud of As at present arranged, tbo tour of the Aus tralians begins on 15th May, at Oxford Uni versity, and ends on 4th September, at Sctr- borongh, Tho Amateur Dramatio Clubs who are to perform for tho bonefit of tlio widow of tbo lafo Mr John Hall bold thoir'oocond luesting on Saturday ovoning aud arranged tho follow ing programmo Prologue (expressly written lev tbo acRariuu) Miou Violet Yates; flnconi' ct of Our Boya, Cosmopolitan Club ; Novo? Itockou Your Chickens, La Mascotto Otub no act drama, Hotharu Club; Whitebait at Greenwich, Normanby Club. A few .mis- crilnneous items by members of tho nbbvo clubs will bo introducsd between the pieces Tbo Metropolitan Orchestral Society will c tributo the instrumental portion of > the enter- UimncntR. The fixing of a date was loft ovor until tho next meeting. . After a' voto of ,tha tin was passed to the Pross for ably ASdHtlng thu amateurs tbo meoting adjourned. On Saturday evening Professor Sample bandied a fine upstanding three-year-old colt, that liad r.evor previously boen ridden or driven. Aftor tho lossun had concluded, a valuable: ring, tbo gift of Professor Sample, was presented to tho member of the class wh > disposed of tho greatest numbor of tickots io concoction with tho exhibition on Monday last. Sir W. J. Clarko, in making tho presentation, referred in highly complimentary terms to tbo Profeesor's ability and skill iu breaking aud training horsos, and also to hiB generosity in giving tho late exhibition in aid of tho chart- tie?, Mr H, Portor, tho fortunate rcctpio-i, in a fow woll choeon words, acknowlodgod the receipt of tho gift. Before dispersing tho class gavo three choors for Sir W. J, CUrko, and paid a similar compliment to tho Pro- foesor. The pantomimo of Aladdin at the Royal has gono into the sixth weok, still drawing crowded houaoB, The marvellous aori&l; flight of tho Mabthows family and the oxtraor din&ry; bat-throwing feat aro something worth seoing. The season of opera bouffo at tbo Opera House was brought to a close on Saturday night, with Manteaux tNoirs and,theSRo3o of Auvergno. Tho company 'loaves for New Zealand to-tnorrow. To-night, at the Opera Houeo, the re- uowned illusionist, Doctor Silvester, tlio Fak>v of Ooln, opens for a short season, being assisted by Madame Silvester, and thoro is not much doubt bnt tho old favorite will bo accordod a warm rooeption. Dean and Herberts royal marionette entertainment will be introducsd, and tho ontortainment-will wind up with a comic spectral pantomime. The pantomime of tho Forty Thieves at tho Bijon will only bo on for two moro nights. On Wednesday night Mr J, L. Hall will receive a benefit,. He will appear in his original character, Captain Gingnb, in Our GirlB. On Friday night M» Edmund Mar shall will be tondored a benotit. Byron's popu lar piece "Oar Loves" is in ftctivo prepare: tion.; As usual Impulao at tho Princess Theatre was well attendod on Satnrday night. It seemed to go hotter than over, and the audience was a thoroughly appreciative ono. It will be | continued until further notice. Professor Anderson announces his last week 'at tho Victoria Hall. Ho has introduced several novelties into his performance', and tbo Ghost scene is very well done. It has been decided to keep tho Enginoors Exhibition oponuctiltho9th inst., so that thoso persons whohavenotseenthe various interesting exhibits will havo an opportunity of doingso, Tho efforts to acclimatise nigger mimtrolsoy at the new Protestant Hallt Exhibition street, as a Saturday night entertainment promises to be sncoessfal. There was a much largor house on Saturday ovoning to greet tho Sunflowoc Minstrela than on tho weok previous, and the different items on tho programme wore well received. Sovoral novoltios aro promised for tho ensuing weok. Barton, Mama, and Co, havosont us thoir jM'.hruary. number of Australian IFrwiaa'a Magazine, wlijcb is quite up to tho usual Btandard, ond contains a vory pretty fashion plate. Wo are requested to Btato that tho annual meeting and concort of tho Philharmonic do- cisty will tako place at the Athenruum to- morrow ovoning, and not to-night, as sUtod iu a morning contemporary, 