Sporting Mems. Hurricane and Sir Modred have been backed for big stuns during the week. Legrand has been scratched for the Caul- field Cup. Hore surprises are to come. The big trotting prizes of the American sporting season now on, amounts in all to £26,400. Palmer, the Victorian crack bowler, is a native of N.S.W. He was born at Albury, 22 Feb. 1800 The Australians return home at the end of September. They've done precious little good to the colonies. Hurricane and Sir Modred have been backed for the Hawkesbury Handicap, at 100's to 8, for some thousands. Martini-Henry has disappeared from Bandwick, and it looks as if he is cut out to win the Melbourne Cup. Hayward, an American sporting capitalist, promises to bring out to Australia, a combination of wrestlers and glove men. - ; Chippenham, winner of the Victorian Grand National, was a buggy horse a few months ago. He hns been sold for India. The Federal Consultation Company has been announced for the Melbourne Cup, £25,000. The only thing federal about it is the swindle. Sharland and Brett meet on che Parra- matta Eiver, 5th or 12th September, for the Amateur Championship of Australia, and a £100 trophy. Sullivan, the American pugilist, now offers £1000 to any man in tho world who will stand up before him for four rounds. There's no disputing the fact of his being champion of thc world. Plunger Walton, the American book- maker, has now been twice castigated in England-once by Sir John Astley, and more recently by Loftier, the cele- brated English Snorting Veterinary Surgeon. Donald Dinnie, the Scotch athlete challenges Victor to a match at Grteco-Koman wrestling, from £50 to £500, Dinnie undertaking to throw Victor 30 times in 30 minutes ; or 60 times in GO minutes. Mr. W. Branch's colt, Silver King, by First King-Senorita, who is engaged in the Metropo- litan Stikcs (Ost. 71b.), Caulfield Cup (7st.), and Melbourne Cup ("st.), and who is a strapping big 'nu,has been backed for a very large stake to win the Caulfield Cup. A cricketer, named Swan, met with in- stant death at Dalston, England, just recently. A ball he had just delivered was driven back with great force by the batsman, and failing to make a catch, it struck him fairly on thc forehead and killed him on the spot. Edwards, the Australian, won his first match in the States recently, defeating Hart, the coloured individual, by 9 miles and 9 laps. The stakes were £200, and in addition Edwards was presented with a gold medal. He is backed by an American sporting trio to walk any- one in thc States, bar one, for £500 a-side. Sullivan and Mitchell swindled the American public in a most barefaced style. They were matched to box for £1000, and crowds came trooping across thc continent to be present. Sullivan staggered in drunk on to thc stage, and said he was sick. Mitchell was led in, and it was announced he was suffering from malaria. Of course, rows ensued, and it was with the greatest difficulty Sullivan was saved from attack by the victimised patrons of the ring. The pair bagged between £4000 and £5000 by the swindle. A bit of bad luck has stuck to King, the Steeplechase rider. Last week, at Flemington, while riding the Ghost in thc Maiden Hurdle Boee, he came down heavily, hurting his back, and in the G.N. Hurdle Bace, his mount. The Joker, struck a hurdle at the back of the course, and turning a somersault, threw his jockey, who, however, though badly shaken, was not otherwise much injured. In the ordinary course of affairs. King would have steered Lizette in the Steeplechase, but as a result of his two spills, the owner of thc mare deemed it advisable to put Cree np. The following are the latest market quotations :-Hawkesbury Handicap : 100 to 10 Hurricane (tk), 6 Sir Modred (tk), 5 Bonnie Bee (tk), 5 Wallangra (Ort. Caulfield Cup : 100 to 4 Silver King (tk), 3 Colstoun (tk), Maroney (tk), 3 Malua (tk), 3 Fryingpan (off), 3 Ned o' the Hills (tk), 3 Claptrap (off), 3 Signor (tk), 3 Anchorite (tk). Melbourne Cup: 100 to 4 Sweet William (tk and off), 3 Sir Garnet (tk), 3 Skipper (off), 3 Ned 'o the Hills (tk), 3 Commotion (tk), 3 The Broker (tk and off). 3 Malua (off), 3 Despot, off., 3 Off Colour, tk., 3 Martini-Henri, tk., 3 Le Grand, tk., 3 Tremando, tk., 3 Warwick, off, 3 Wallangra tk., 2 Bonnie Bee, tk. V.K.C. Derby : 6 to 1 ou The Field, off. The avaricious look-out for the gate money is, doubtless, telling against the Australians in their play. Additional emergency men should have gone. Here is what a London paper says of the Nottingham match :-" Thc aspect of the Australian cricket team was curious indeed. Blackham had his right hand in a wrap as big as a boxing-glove, one finger being put out of joint. Cooper had his left hand similarly swathed. Spofforth had his right arm in a sling. Mr. Murdoch wore a shade over one eye, and limped with a stick. Bonnor sported a blue bump on his forehead, and a salvage of court plaster on his chin ; while Midwinter moved with a bad thumb on one hand and a strained finger on the other." Donald Dinnie, the Scotch athlete, has performed well in some contests at Echuca recently. The following events were contested;-Putting 201b.' stone, Handicap-D. Dinnie, scratch (40 ft. 3 in.), 1. All comers allowed 2 feet start, but no ono could come within 8 feet of thc champion. Tutting light stone (141b.), handicap-D. Dinnie, scratch (4!)ft.), 1. The next was over 10 feet short of Dinnie's best. Throwing 22lb. hammer, handicap-D. Dinnie, scratch (92ft.), 1. Dinnie allowed all over 10ft. start, and won by over 20ft. Throwing Hammer (161b.), handicap-D. Dinnie, scratch (118ft.), 1. Dinnie allowed 20ft. in this contest, yet won easily by 15ft. Prizes of nearly £50 were offered for each contest. . A protest was lodged against St. Gatien who ran a dead heat with Harvester in thc English Derby, on the ground of insufficiency of entry, his sire The Bover being indistinctly described. London Tatterall's how ever, decided even before the protest was negatived, that1 all bets should be paid. This decision was made on the following rule :-" The interests of the bets are insepa rabte with the interests of the stakes, except when the winning horse is disqualified owing to a default in making stakes ; or if an objection bo made to the qualification of a horse on the ground of incorrect pedigree or nomina- tion, after the race is rmi, the bet shall go to the horse that comes in first, provided he is the right age, and that in other respects he has not transgressed the Bules of Bacing." At the recent Caulfield meeting, the jockey, Malone fairly caught H'Leod knapping at tho close of his race, and beat him on the post before he woke up. Malone did a bit of knapping himself in the Maiden Steeple, at Flemington last week. After a regular chapter of accidents, by which nearly the whole field was rendered 7ior« dc comhat. Malone, on Bobin Hood, entered the straight many lengths ahead of anything, and, taking a big pull at his horse, sailed leisurely home. Delaney who rode Kingston, thongh fully thirty lengths behind, when Bobin Hood was cantering in near the bottom of tho carriage paddock, dug his spurs into his mount and was level with the outlaw before Malone woke up to the fact that there was any other horse within coo-ee of him, and . by the time Malone had got Bobin Hood into his stride agnin, Kingston had passed the judge's box. Wheelman are, indeed, becoming a power all tho world over. This is especially trne of England, where they count hundreds of thousands among their members, have n dozen papers devoted to their interests, and employ about 500 finns to minister to the wants of their fiery, untamed steeds. English bicyclists and tricycliBts nro now proposing to have a cycling path of their own all the way from London to Brighton. To carry ont this programme a special Act of Parliament would be required, the same as for a railroad. It is pro- posed to have a track about forty-five miles long, starting a few miles ont of London and running to Brighton. The proponed tract will be eighteen feet wide, paved with as- phalt and of easy gradients. It is estimated to cost an average of i.7040 per mile, or £315,000 in all. The Brighton . to London road is a favourite one for South country cyclists, hundreds of wheelmen going and returning with- in thc day during thc season. At Anteu.il, on Sunday, June 1, the Orand Steeplechase' de Paris (value £2506) was won by M. Blanc's Varaville (a 12 to 1 chance), which finished three lengths in front of Azulinc, in a field of 12 runners. Onyx was third, beaten 10 lengths, Donneycarney fourth. Ualmi fell at the water-jump. Voltaire at the wall, and Kilworth at the last flight of hurdles but one. Saville was pnlled np when pursuit was hopeless, and Inca fell lame.-On Wednesday the Grand Hurdle Bace (value £10S2) was won by Baron Finot's Baudres (ridden by Lane), M. Sieber's Brutus second ; Mr. Gubbin's May Boy third. Baudres started favourite, at 7 to 4, in afield of ll runners, and won easily by a length ; half a length between second and third. Docteur fell at a third of the three-miles journey and was so injured that he was shot. Qnadroon (afterwards sold to M. Blanc for £324), won the Prix de Bretagne, and Chancery saved some of the Hibernian losses by winning the concluding race each day. Here is the latest about Hosmer, the mon who is awaiting Haitian's return to the States. A correspondent writes :-" If you would prefer to die laughing go and see Hosmer do some of his comical row- ing tricks. They beat all creation. His imitations of a sculler learning to row are vividly realistic. The " agony" of the beginner is so natural that you expect the ex- ponent to take a bath at any moment, only he don't go that far. That would be running the fan into the water, aud although FoBmer is as fond of sculling as a duck ia of water, he don't care to indulge that way. Hosmer al- so gives a capital imitation of a *' dade " scalier who has learned to row and who shapes himself in the most killing manner. The Boston boy also stands up in the boat and rocks her until you would think she would surely upsit Sculling with only one scull (the other being taken out) is a feature of Hosmer's tricks in a shell. Ho rows from 100 to 117 strokes a minute while doing this remarable balance act. A tip to backers of horses. A well-known English sporting scribe writes:-"lonee won a pot of money at the Bois de Boulogne, Paris, with the friendly assistance of a thunderstorm. Patrician and Fervacques had run a dead heat, and the judges ordered them to run again, after thc other races on thc programme had been decided. I hod put a great many napoleons upon Patrician, au elegant little animal, worthy of its aristocratic name, andas fast as most aristocrats used to bc. When the race was ordered to be repeated, I took a walk and thought it over. Patrician was a French horse ; Fervacques was from old Ireland. Their speed being about equal, the Irish horse seemed more likely to be able to run twice on . the same day. As I discussed this point with myself, I glanced up at the sky and saw that there was a storm rowing. At once I jumped to tho conclusion that, if the race was to be mn in the rain, pretty little Patrician would have no chance with the Irishman. So I bought Fervacques in the mutuals and pools; backed him with, the English bookmakers ; covered all the money I hod on Patrician and stood to win a handsome Bum the other way. After an anxious hour or so, up came the horses and down came the rain. Patrician was not in it from start to finish. Fervacques took the water like a duck ; rollicked in it ; ran faster than before, and splashed up to the post an easy winner. That night we stood Paris np on end with a dinner at the Cafe Gorton and a supper at the Cafe Biche, and the next morning I found this note on a blank page of my memorandum book: "Watch the , weather." Itisagoodtip.tooofteuneglectedbythosowho ought to know better." ' 