CAX7LTILLB T PLAINING NOTES. Br " Tbb Woa«." Tin! course proper having been close'd for work since Thursday until this morotug, owing to the lute heavy raiu? and the races heinn held on Saturday, havo all combined to interfere a good deal with tho general work done during the week. Mr. Keys has taken up his quarters at tho Turf Club Hotel with Rapid, also Mr. Dargon with Umbra, a niceinh-lookiQg filly by Julian Avenel— Parachute. The following u a mutuu ui hid Mr, Hlokenbothaui baa given Lo Grand good fast work over two mites after doing acme preliminary work. Tho Melbourne Cop oandidate i going atrnng and well. Capri ha thrown efT a lot of his Eliffnc'a, fliowingthat the Caulfield ground suits him j he ha been doiog good strong work over a mile. After hi running on Saturday I donot think much of hi chance in tbo Cup. Eglipton is a bit backward ; ha? been cantering and epurtin. Tipbuc has dono good serviceable work for a mile. Don Quixote is very well juet now ; on Thursday lie ran a good mile, and several fancied his chance for tbe Toorak Handicap on Saturday. Mr. Batty has been giving Ontario aud Deceiver strong work over two mile?, com bined witb some useful jumping exercise. Both these boreei are looking well. Yatoly has been doiog good Cup work over a mile and a half. This morning Umberto took him along tbo last four or fivo furlongs of a good onoe round, looking none tho worse for his defeat on Saturday. Mr Joaes has the Maribyruong candidate lookfog very pink. She is a bit uf a puller, O'Brien having all hi work eomotiniM to keep her together, 6ha'« bea duing five- furlong spurte, but never at her top, and has a beautiful style of going, aud will tako beaticg if all goeB well. CoriolauuB ha beon doing long medium work, running home stroug tbo last few furlongs. Ho is looking big and muscular. His stable companion, Tbe Bo>»euii»u, has been pottering along. He i big and healthy, and will take time. Firrt Fop and Violet has been going through their usual quiet exercise, with an occasion! spurt for hnlf a mile or so. Sir Samuel, L'zi'ttc, and Tand- etickor have been doing quiet exi-msr. Mr. Long's colt, Egbert, with Kingfisher for a companion, has been treated to a couple of good epurta for half a mile, going nioo and freely, the latter doing suuio suitable work with King up. Canute ha put in Boma medium work, with a good strong round ou (be sand to finish up. I am ufreid ho will not bn a very profitable animal to either his owner or trirm r. Soma , mild exercise was accorded to Tippity Mit chell. Mr. Davis gave David a couple of pipe openers; Ibis oolt is looking very nice, hat I don't think aoatber gallop or two will do him any harm. Camerine has dou<« good work ; her baat gallop was od Wednesday, whim she did onoe round in good etyte, muting capital time ; he I not out of the Cup by a (oog way. Dargo has done bcido good strong work over seven fnrlongfi, Ditto having been treated to some good work bufh with David and Camerine. Mr. Rcid' Norfolk has done good work over the Cup distance, with The Ghost for a companion for part of the jouru.'y, Grace Darling coming home with Ini:-, Irora the cults ; he did a good once round oa liiursday, making good time the last mile. Nuncio and Burr have been cantering and apurting. This morning they were rent half a mile in company, resulting in favour of Nuncio. Tumult and other of thi tiring nro iu good work. Mr. Heywood' Spartan ha dono aotno good work ; this morning bo went a awcat. Mr, Allen' GUderoy did a strong round to-day with Deoelver, up to which he bad been going along steady. Mr. Rove's team, np to their racing, were doing good semoaabla work, tinea which they have been jogging along quietly. Mr. Gray has given hia atrmg noma good, strong work onoe round tbo hurdles, and on Thursday and this rooming Iron Hand, Gasalier, and Northern Light did a before stated in Indian file, TaV.'.er improv ing the paco and distance u bit j ebo is going very strong and well. The two- year-old Gosburnor ho been treated to a couple of spin over half a rode. Mr. Robinaon ha been giving Cupola strong work orer a mile, Merry Fenella doing couple of good spin orer fivo furlunga. Virion baa not been out of a canter. Mr. Connolly ha sent Frieudlre good, long, ooeful work ; thi morning he nut in n oouple of etrong rounds outride tho hurdles, goiog well. Veritas, Midnight, Angler, Norelett, Qneen Be, p.nd Eyphou hare ail been doing good work. Mr. Metuie' The IAird ha not put in an appearance since hi race. Mr. Kej ha been keeping Rapid goiDg; thi morning he sent him a good gallop over thp Cup djitance, Mr. Lock' Scaramouch going tbe first porUoa of the journeTj Mr. N. Campbell coming home from tho mile with him. He ia a fine, big, raking horar, and is looking well. Of the Cup candidates at Caulfield I prefer him fint, Yately soeond. For the Hurdles, Ontario; Steeple, Friend less. The Nursery, one of tbe Oaulfield division should win. Windsor Handicap, Mozart or Umberto. AcoRQRsroFDEKT iu a contemporary advises the use ol cina, the mug wort of India, aaa remedy for worm. The homoeopathic system of treat ment i alto represented as briop very efTecti rc. A gentleman of onr flueiicr end ,SpcrL/>no>i) acqaaintance give dogs atfiicted witii worm the same globule a& he would toko himself, which are tbe size of poppy seeds. IIo only lift the corner of their hp.andadminLsteraone. two, or three globule, as may be required, ana u the core i something raarrelioas-" 