CRICKET CHATTER. BY FKLIX The yellow autumn, which adds to nights and shortens days, telta us that the cricket Beason of 1883-4 will Boon be reckoned with those that have preceded it And if this in-1 dication of approaching dissolution be not enough, we can point to the cold morning and evening air, and to the thud ot the football already heard in the parks and paddocks and vacant lands of the suburbs and metropolis. Bat though these unfailing signs denote that the end is near at baud, it is evident that the fast expiring season iB even yet possessed of a fur amount of vitality, and is determined not to give up the ghost without a straggle. At least, one would think so after observing the play on Saturday at South Melbourne and at Melbourne. It was one of those bleak raw days which cricketers and lovers of the game have a decided aver sion to, but, for all that there was a good attendance both at Melbourne and South Melbourne, and the display of batting, especially at South Melbourne, was equal to any we have had this season. The Richmond men, who opposed the southerners, were in the Held all the afternoon, and the result when the stumps were drawn was that the local men had the splendid record of 212 without a wicket down. This undoubtedly is one of the very best performances of the season, and both Trumble and Slight and all their comrades ought to feel proud of so splendid nn achievement. Trumhle's play for his fine score of 124 (not out) reflects the highest credit on him. Throughout the afternoon he exhibited all his customary ease and confidence, and scarcely a blemish can be set down against his display. His defence was admirable, and his driving power first rate, as may be gathered from the fact that he is credited with no fewer than 20 fours. He scored nearly twice*as fast as Slight, and at one time looked as if he would leave the latter altogether behind him. Slight, how ever, though he started slowly, pulled up to wards the finish, and if it cannot be said that he played a brisk and lively game for his 74 (not out), it can at all events be stated that his cricket was thoroughly sound from start to finish, and that many of his strokes were executed with a neatness which has Beldom been excelled. It is hard to say where he and .Trumble will stop if they get a fair start to-day. In looking at this extraordinary record, it must not for n moment be supposed that the Richmond bowling was weak or of an inferior quality : on the contrary, all the men who tried did very well, and Morris, Turner, and Smart, as we all know, are capable performers with the leather. They sent down every variety of ball, but Trumble and Slight were all there, and never failed to have a perfectly straight bat in front of the Bticks. The fielding was also good, with one or two exceptions. The pitch, it goes without saying, was first-class, and its perfect condition shows that Clack is as efficient as ever as curator. Over on theM.C.C. ground, where those old rivals the Melbourne and East Melbourne are having a final bout for the season, thescoring, though not so sensational as that noted above, was nevertheless quite heavy enough to somewhat disconcert the Jolimonten and their supporters. Only four wickets down for 200 reads remarkably well, and the M.C.C. have to thank M'llwraith, Bruce, the evergreen T. J. D. Kelly, and young M'Leod for this eminently satisfactory record. M'llwraith's score of 73 was the outcome of genuine cricket He scored freely when opportunity offered, his forward play was much admired for its gracefulness and vigor, and he maintained a capital defence against the best efforts of the East Melbourne bowlers. Bruce's 51 was a faultless performance, and in every respect in keeping with the many artistic displays we have had during the season from this talented young player. His effective and elegant cutting in the match under notice was a special feature of the day's play. The old warrior, T. J. D. Kelly, is never so happy as when he rattlesup runs against East Melbourne, and as in this match lie has 41 (not out) to his credit, earned by sterling and resolute cricket, it is fair to assume that at present his cup of pleasure is full right up to the brim. May he long con tinue to wield the willow for the old club. M'Leod, who figured BO prominently in the recent match at Ballarat between M.C.C. and Ballarat, deserves warm praise for his well and patiently obtained 10 (not out), and it may be that he and Kelly will to-day add considerably to their Bcores. The fielding of the Jolimontere was, except in a few in stances, very bad, and of the 6even bowlers who had a turn with the leather M'Shane was the only one who managed to perform respectably, his figures so far being 2 for 47. As is invariably the case under old Mac's careful supervision, the pitch was in first class order, but the outfielding ground, de Bpite the attention given to it, shows abun dant signs of the wear and tear of alieavy sea son. * AaM.dC. team played a one-day's match against Williauistown at Williamstowu,^ and the result was a draw in favour of the visitors, who scored 128 against 64 for 6 wickets real ised' to the local players. F. Jones 82. lioyd 25, and M'Alister 21, were the chief contributors for Melbourne, and each got on funs by good play. For Williamstown, G. Grubb, A. Grubb, and Trot* played true cricket for their respective scores of 22, 2L ; end1 li ' C. Grubb and Tyrell bowled well for WUliamstown, and A. Shee and Pierce were the successful trundlers for Melbonrne. As was expected after their poor display in the first innings, the Queensberry have sus tained a one-inning's defeat from Capulet The actual majority is an innings and 187 runs, and the Capulet are now the final possessors of Boyle and Scottrs beautiful trophy. The winners have, clearly estab lished that they are far and away the best juniors, few they have won every cup but one of those presented year after year by the popular firm above mentioned. The Queens berry in their second essay made only 88, and A. Sonde JW, Ivory 17, and Doian (not out) 10, were the double-figure contributors. G. Trott took six wickets at a moderate cost The totals are-Capulet, 818; Queensberry, 96and86. The cable on Wednesday, informed us of thearrival in London on the 22nd mst of Alexander, Boyle, and Midwinter, of the Aasj tralian Eleven. These three left; the Sutlej at Brindiai and travelled overland, to that thajr might be In JLiondon iu ample tim* to make the necessary preliminary arrangemente for the opening (natch of the tonr- namely, that agauMt Lord Sheffield's team at Sheffield-park on the 12th May. It also, that Alexander has arranged for* match at Liverpool at the end of June, in aMition TOittlSlffMF oTuia taan will caach London.® the 28th inat.and their quarters, as of old, will be at the Tavistock Hotel, Covent-g&rden.; Murdoch, bo the cable tells us, is suffering from a cold. A telegram to a contemporary states that at a meetingof the Marylebone Club, held on the 21st inst., Lord Harris moved his amendment | of Law 10, the object ot which is to prevent nnf&ir; bowling. It is added that the motion was adopted, and the rule amended as pro posed. Lord Harris's notice of proposed amendment, as published in the home papers some months ago, is as follows -" The ball most be fairly bowled, not thrown or jerked; and if the nmpire be of opinion that the delivery is not absolutely fair he must call 'No ball.'" M'Shane and Logan, for fifteen ofCaulfield, pteyed sad havoc on Tuesday with the wickets of a team organised by J. P. Ten nent, and composed mainly of M.C.C. mem bers. The total of J. P. Tennent and hiB men was 44, which did not include a double figure. M'Shane took 4 wickets and Logan 5\. The Gaul Geld team made 82, of which M'Shane by free cricket totted up 19. Phillips of the M.C.C. bowled capitally, tour wickets falling to him for 8 runs. In the second attempt of Tennent's team two wickets were down for 99, of which M'llwraith made 51 (not out). A team, representing the woolbrokera of Melbourne, played at Easter against Beech worth and Wangaratta.' At Becchworth a tie was the outcome, each side seoring 90, and at Wangaratta the visitors scored 119, against 20 realised by the local men. The very small totql of Wangaratta was due to the fine bowl ing of Cotter, the well-known M.C.C. profes sional, who sent down 39 balls for 7 runs and eight wickets. During the Easter holidays a team from the Glenferrie club visited ltosedale, and de feated a local fiiteen rather easily. Scores: Glenferrie, 97 and 249; Rosedale, 55 and 123. Munro 38 (not out) and 102, and Russell 17 1 and 47, batted capitally for Glenferrie; and Hutton did great execution with the ball, 14 wickets falling to him for 46. A dinner on Good Friday night, a concert on Saturday night, spotts on Easter Monday, and a ball at night, coupled with unremitting attention on the part of the local players, caused the Glen ferrie fellows to pass a very pleasant time. The Australian Eleven have been invited to the annual dinner of the Surrey County Club on the 6th May. The Surrey County committee were noted for their acta of courtesy and kindness towards previous teams, and they evidently mean not to be behindhand during the visit of the present team. 