, A LD1NE. ! h heol out her hand. ' w : a second's hlsitation and f .ggar extended her shlking 1 st ot..o igasp the frail support so nobly 1 orough:A voice was heard close behind, ' it .saying breathlessl- ' Hero you are, Geraldine. Thank lr Heaveon !I have been searching for you I ever since 11oo011.' a The hunted, despairing, desperate look I on the wmvnan's face as sIhe heard these words, Geraldine would never forget as ' P long as she lived. She glanced from right to left wildly, tl as isseeking some mcansof escape. I el But the duke was close by now, and) h she must have passed him if she had P moved that way. Why this ieccting would be worse than c death, she alone knew, but given her a choice between the two alternatives, she I took the latter. Whilst Geraldine turned her face ever so little aside to welcome her lover, the beggar mounted on to the parapet of the t' bridge, tottered for the moment dizzily, and then, with a hoarse cry, sprang for ward and fell with a splash into the a hungry tides waiting for her below. CHIIAPTER XX. \--e all of us hav our little weaknessss. I I-.reoh-v eo'ery glad to see his s, and no ons could possibly be t raorehospitable than he was. But there were a few of them he pro- n ferred to receive elsewhere than in his own house. P On this account le had hired two rooms in the City, which he facetiously called his ollice, and where, no doubt, he t transacted a good deal of business on the whole. In the inner room there was a cup-, board, where lie kept various liquors to r suit all palates, and amongst them, a few bottles of new wine, sweet and strong, which he would declare laughing, was for the ladies. Be sure that the wonderful old Cognac, which had such extraordinary qualities, was amongst them. c DMr. Birch did not keep a clerk. A horrible-looking old charwoman, with a strong flavor of gin in her sigh, swept the rooms out once a week.-when the cupboard was always locked- and on leaving his ollico the master invariably fastened the door himself, and carried the key away in his pocket. The morning after Geraldine's visit to Dayman's Mlow, hlie arrived quiet at al business hour, namely, ten o'clock, let himself in, as usual and took his seat in an armchair by the table, after having 1 first unlocked the mnysterious cupboard, and placed throe glasses on the table, besides a bottle of the ladies' wine and another of the wonderful old Cognac. Having made these little arrangements, he looked at his watch. ' Ten minutes past tonl,' lie said aloud. 'I suppose we can't expect her to be punctual.' * However, the words had scarcely passed hlis lips before there was a rustle of feminine garments in the adjoining room, and a stilling odour of patchouli, both of which heralded the advent of Mademoiselle Fanny. ' Upon my word you do surprise me,' said Mr. Birch, rising, and placing her a chair opposite his own. ' What makes you so punctual this morning ?' \ ? X. hvTyn't-b eeh to bed :t dll P yet,.' e "flid Fanny, raFther discontentedly. SI wish you weren't so fond of early hours, Sir. Birch; it is enough to wear one out.' ' Come,' lie said, ' that isn't fair, I didn't keeph you up all night.' 'I didn't say you did,' retorted Fanny. sharply, interrupted in the middle of a yawn ; but I might have had a few hours' rest if it hadn't been for you.' " Then why don't you lead a quieter life? You'll spoil your complexion, Fanny-youi will, upon any word. You look quite thirty this morning.' ' You'd look a hundred if you'd been dancing all night as I have, and then had to conme all this way by telln o'clock. As for my complexion, it will last as long as I want it to, I daresay.' 'You are not in a good humor this morning, Mademoiselle Fanny. 'I don't know who would be; I'm as tired as a dog.' ' Try some of my cordial; it always helps you,' he said, pouringher out a glass. 'I had it on purpose for you.' Fanny made a grimace expressive of great disgust.' ' I told you last time that I was a teeto taler.' ' But you honored me by tasting my cordial, all the same, and I remember your confessing tlhat it had done you good.' Come,' he added, persuasively, ' I am an old man, and you needn't make play for me ; I won't tell.' ' Youhaven't any orange wine, I sup pose?' ' Oh, dear, no, no, nor poison either. Try this instead.' Fanny sipped the contents like bird; i but, somehow, the glass was soon empty, and when he refilled it, she was so ab stracted that she did not see, and went on sipping all the same. ' I declare I dofeel better,' she presently said. 'But what kind of stuff do you call this?' ' It's made of grapes, I think,' he said innocently, ' but is very harmless. The old Duchess of Invertown drank a whole bottle one night, and it didn't take any effect.' ' But then, they say, she always drinks brandy at home,' said Fanny, laughing. 'That's scandal, my dear. Look what an aristocratic nose she has.' ' But it's very red.' l That's nothing ; you must always look at the shape.' 'Don't be to rude,' returned Fanny, who was conscious that her own, having an upward tendency, could not come under the same denomination. 'I am never personal ; you ought to know that; and really, just to prove my words, the cordial has revived you so much, my dear, that you don't look an hour over eighteen now.' That's just what I am.' So you told us five years ago, and I am sure we are none.bf us so ungallant lIe district, to beT noI-Au'CRonxis a " eeti:ti Fanny pouted. ' What an odious old fellow you are I I I hate people who have good memories. ' No, no, my dear, I'm sure that is a fiction. Now supposing I forget the cheque I promised you this morning.' ' Then I should take the trouble to remind you of it, for I am horribly hard up.' ' What, already ?' Why not ? It's an age since you gave me a farthing.' * I thought an ago was thirty years, and it isn't thirty days since I gave you a lhundred pounds.' ' I declare your head is as hard as your heart, Mr. Birch.' ' Not quite, my dear. But you know what a fatherly interest I take in your fate. And oh, by-the-bye,' and again he surreptitiuously filled the empty glass, ' have you anything for me.' 'Lots,' said Fanny, ' blt I shan't let it go cheap, I can toll you.' 'What, haven't you got over your ill humor yet ?' ` That's pretty, too. I wonder how agreeable you'd be if you had sat up all night.' 'Mr. Birch seemed quite amused at her petulance. But as it was more his habit to extort than to give confidence, he (lid not consid er it necessary to tell her how his night had been passed, not in pleasure, but in pacing his room drearily up and down to get rid of the ghosts that would always crowd into the midnight hours, and mock and gibe him out of all desire for sleep. He simply said 'It was your own fault, Fanny.' ' I didn't say it wasn't; but I wish you would not preach; we get quite enough of that from the parson.' 'All the better for us,' said Mr. Birch, with ironical fervour; ' I am sure it does a great deal of good.' ' Speak for yourself,' said Fanny. 'I am no hypocrite, with all my faults.' ' There I must do you justice, my dear. I never knew you to hide anything yet.' She looked at him searchingly, as if trying to discover his meaning. But his face might as well have been a mask ; it was so impossible to read. ' Well, and isn't that more politic than pretending to have all the virtues, like Madame Geraldine, and then having to stand confessed, at last, as no better than the worst ?' 'I don't think one fault is so bad as a hundred,' he answered slowly, and almost as if he were taking Madame Goraldine's part in spite of himself ; 'it is not rec koned so, at any rate. But, it you re member, it was settled some while back that we were to leave her name out of the discussion.' 'Why you have not been suchafool as as to fall in love with her surely ?' ex claimed Fanny,, with coarse spite.' Bold as she was, the look was cast upon her of mingled contempt, and men ace, daunted her for once. ' There," she added, hastily, ' It was only my joke, of course.' ' Don't snake such jokes again," he said, ' or I'm afraid you will have cause to regret them. And now, please, let us attend to business. I have another ap pointment this morning, and we are t \asting valuable time.' 'I infer that you have brought me some papers.' (To be continued.) 