IRoveUft, UHOICO, THE WHITE WOMAN: OR . THE HIGHLAND GIRL'S CAP TIVITY AMONG AUSTRALIAN BLACKS. A Story of tea Acstbama k Pioneers. , By ANGUS McLEAN. ivinon of iumiv bloomfibld. v ? . CHAPTER XVIII. ? _ ? CHASING itHB HDSH1UHOBR1. ' ?:' land,I'wh?rT t0t°k,u? a larg8 'oofc ol drie land, whioh ha stocked and formed into r! Ration, after whioh h6 went baok to Sydney i accompanied by Donald, in' the 'expectation / fbrm^v /Bella, whom Mr. ifoKay in 2M by was 'on her, way out' and was daJy' expected; ? 'On his awivfll 'j^val Donald and Ma*y w&e; I f?S^.^.«..pl,«aie'','o6aM not wWtf any ' ' longer he wae compelled .to retorh to lis Md Ma'rv ? Wlth'him Donald as ov&seer;,1 , and Mary as housekeeper. ' ; Mr.' MoKav two ' ' won' a£!tt?dT— :bysPe'95«fflM6eige?l»» ''event 'P .arrived,- -bfit -tliat ' hap£y for y&ra;'paMed'a^ vessel whln?i finSa 0,?n0erning the '-«slng J JnrJni all parties with Intense '? m?*8 ^w'ra^'ttoSfe'Wiiijgea the l««t hn™ r * apparently without ' versal'cr^rTt1^8' ,MaD -°l Bi,8l«d '?* the anir v fflai^nef at theloss ofher votinff'miiti'fl** and named'her first Born after ' no^«n0 Sydney, Charlie be eameaoqnaxnted with ^'yefyfesijotable and wV^ fam'vr, I1®I°ed ?Forbes. ^he head of bn,®u ^ a brother to thaAdvooate of EdhK * °Sf ol*fc» earliest and wealthiest ? squatters in:the , colony. The' eldest of the lamily, a youngladypossesalngmany attrao .tiona, ; waa eBgaged. to a /gentleman, by the name ofMelville,',who:had latoly.^rrivedj'he was possessed ofconsiderable' wealth: -and «-t searching for stations,- and pn:his return ? the marriage was to be oelebtate'd.^ '«-'?' t' ' This Mr. MelvWe(whom .ICharHe ? hadnot aa yet aeen) was also an acquaintance ofthe Forbes', ip, Edinburgh,' but ; Charlie oould not recollect that name' among theTisitorrat' the Advooate'a house; hethereforbsuppossdthat ? the ' acquaintanceship / was ' formed- ; after he \- jibout this time some of. theinland distriots were infeBted wlth a band of ^ bushrangers, under the leadership of » fearinl iJeaperado, bnown aa Captain Melrose/ whose ?depreda- ? tions ontrivalled tkose of any gang in the annals of oolonial history; ? Not a week. or hardly a day, paased-without bringing some fresh intelligence, of outrages committed1 by them, ' i = A large reward was offered by government for their apprehension, but without efleot.arid the audaoit^ and coolness' withf which . their leader oartied- on his practices completely f eclipsed all previous aota ol bushranging.1 ' . NaturaUy of a'oaptivatingli manner, and . -posMsaed of great personal attractions, he invariably auccoeded in ingratiating himBelf in the estimation of onsuapeoting i and res- - ? . peotable aboiety, representing himself.' aa a v . , man of fortune in search of stations. ' : ' i / - In this diaguise he became possesaedof in 1 formation regarding parties .oMrylng)' caah i ~ jnd other valuablesi-and in some instances ★here valuable -property « had been deposited / for Seouritv, .whioh was soon pounoef upon, v 'r us he had his followers always on the alert; ' The mails were constantly ^ robbed, banks jji , rand, stores sanBaoked, prisoners were libe- 1 ? ? ? rated, In ;Iact, Society ; seemed completely \- . r. paralysed by;^Jie j aooounta whioh day alter (lay appeared. I Charlie, with his overseer Donald, had beefi i upon business to Sydney; .and on their return ! I , journey passed through a township .which . nad the previous night been visifced- by the ,r - notorious Captain Mslreso and his band,' under the) following circumstances i . :? The day before was the. annual race day in ? . . that town, when all .the people in the sur . . , rounding coantry. met. ?? Among. others there .v; ;* ^'.3.:(WAs a.strange gentleman, who put up at the \- . . principal hotel ;;he visited the racecourse, and H vlby his engaging manner and apparently af , , - fluent circqmstanoes, liad attracted the notioe / .. pE many, among whom were the stewards, . ; £»h° gave him a. most. cordial invitation to the Jpflili which took, place the evening fpllowing. m According to custom the eliti of the dis-' ? ' *:«ot attended the b^ll, ^nd the stranger; 'who I r.ained thq oonfldenoenVl all present' by his ' Mt;t* ®n'lemanly behaviour;'beoame a great favo X&mte.; ' ' 1 ?- r i - J. 'j?he night being .warm and the room rather \- \ -3-°l°se- Captain . Melrose .sought; tlie : cool air ~ ^fcjf'.'jout one o'clock in the morning. Alter Ung absent for a short time, he returned, to ' js. P oonBternation ot «U present, and was fol ; ' 3jR--|ed by a band pt armed mep ; he then ooni ' -aSk r1^ everyone. present ,.to. baif, up on one f P t the room, his men .presenting their .tiim.. ati them. He th^|i.ad J$r \ Is them, saying'. Lftdiea and gentle ?JS ' v' ?»! I- am tialy sorrv ,to. interrupt your ? v miiijyjBsement. ^or, a -short time in sqeh a maki \- r\\- Band also lor treating your . kindness to- j S t ? v-' Is me in Buch an ungallant way, but yoQ', '? f thiiilc that _C«plain lf-Ir'o»«; could not ?' ' -*xvr.f'ftand Buoh a^ display ol jewellery and ' . t -1 valuables while he and his brave band' were in need ; I have therefore respeotlully to command that . each and . every individual present : will at onae..han4 'oyer. his or her valuables to , my lieutenant, 'Mr- Williams, and. to, do, so without any hesitation or mur murmur, or .1 shall be oo'mpelled to adopt more unpleasant measures.1'. . . The very name, ' Captain, Melrose,' filled the, audience with terror. Ladies unhesi tatingly handed over their .ornaments, and gentlemen,. gave up their wealth. Having obtained possession of all that was valuable to:them, the party then helped themselves to the refreshments on the side table, and then took their leave, the leader taking a polite farewell oC. the, assembly,. and wishing that thoy might oontinue their enjoyment as no more interruption would take place from him or his party. . It was on this morning ol . ezcitment that Charlie and his overseer arrived at the scene of : the , outrage,, and heard with indignation the unequalled effrontery and unfeeling con dnot of the notorious Melrose and hiB gang. Many ol. the. ladies' were' still suffering from the fright they received. A local paper gave a lull account ol , the robbery, and a liBt and description ol the artioleB Btolen, with re wards. offered, for 'eaoh; vmeasengers . were diBpatched, to 'the various police stations, and a .nnmber of ^volunteers enrolled theinaelves I for the pursuit ol the gang; ' GharUeandDohald resolved upon.seueh ing. carefully on their way for the perpetra tors.' ;,Alter '/leaving .the township they obtained some olue as to where the band separated, evidently to liaffle .pursuers ; .they found that tvfo ot the party had taken the very roftd that, Charlie and Dojjsild had'to go, . and ; a rapid pursuit was instantly com menced. . After riding; for a , considirable distance, on the tracks ol the bushrangers', they arrived at oross roads, when, they heard ?erieB ol;. distress prosseding from, the bush. ! Biding' rapidly Jn the dinetioqj^ot' the ories, they found-, lady .ani/'gentlemau], tied- to i I i *««:i uuiUtiiauttW,,;VWHni8 . .. were asqaatter named Bamsey'and his wife, i I .who -had-, been; riding in / their carriage, when } they were met by two well-mounted bush rangers, ^ho robbed: them ol. their money, tied them as desoribe^, and drove off in their carriage. - : ?' i ? , On beibg liberated,, Mr. Bamsey, hegged of: his liberators to follow them at once, while he and his wife would. :walk to the nearest: police station, and lodge. the information. This advice was instantly 'adopted, Charlie and Munro renewing -tlie pursuit, but this time with. -more , ease and rapidityi .as the wheel; traoks. .were quite, visible : despite the', tactics employed by the driver in keeping: tho hardest ptit pf . the road in order to .leave no; traces bdund^Howeyer,. nothing could baffle the eager, pursuers,; who , traded : them, to' a! small village, , where the.traffid obUterated.thei impression ot . .the wheels, , . On enquiring at .different/places, the only; carnage. that. had been-,, seen . ! ;was . ? one , -which * conveyed - the1 olergyman .to .Mr. Forbes'- atatidn on 'some pressing; business. : ; This - somewhat puzzled Charlie,, as he ,- did . not . think ;a,poor clergy-: nian was a. likely .subject , lor .a bushranger. While considering what course ho' should pursue, Donald o'am'e in hurriedly, t'eliihghim that he had: dl&qoyered;, the tracks, .and whioh' ;eviaenciy iea to mr. i prpea . . ,, ? i': As Charlie intended calling on Mr. Forbes, : .they started {orthwith, and on; their arrival .they, saw a oarriage, in front of .the house. ; ?:'! Donald led the Worses to, the stable, while Charlie entered the hohse, whsre .Mr. Forbes met him very cheerfully,- and introduced him to the ? alefgymani being, the^only/ person in the room ' besides themselves. Mr. . 3?orbea then' said — I am extremely glad to. see youj Blr. Stuart; and you have arrived just in time to' Bhare our happin'ess. You are Already aware thatmy eldestdaughter has been for some time -engaged to Mr. Melville,- whom, I believe, you have . not iseefn, as he-.haa,. been travelling: in qnest 'ol stations.' ;He-'ihas arrived,'tut did 'not suoceed in finding any thing to suit ? him^ and is resolved upon proceeding atSonoe. to Port Phillip. / He haa sent on a large number ol sheep and'cattle/And oame a.lew^minntes ?ago, aocompsnied by our own worthy ,'pastor, lor the purpose ol celebrating the!-marnage.at - onqe, and will start off immediately alter with ' hla bride.'.Hndeedr the . ?proposition at: flrsf ?took uslbII by, surprise,, and I didjnot like.the idea of parting with my daughter at so, short a notice, but, as the young couple were un willingito delay, I waB.foroed tp. yield: Imay also add. that Mr. Melville proves himsell worthy ol my daughter;, and a yery eligible match in- every respMt, il ^e j'msjr judge by the valuable,, presents; Jie;haa , made to every memjber ot:mj lamily.. .T09 . may hi^r the applause and. .noise to the neit room.'which is caused Bolely bj his bounty.'' ' J I The last remark was correot, lor eaoh mem- - ber ol the family. came rushing -into the1! rOom, exhibJEtfiag'hiaoJr her rioh and slitterine' 1 t-eaaure.-'''^''-- m. . :| The dinner was now ready, alter whioh the ! ceremony waasto take -place, -and eaoh one: took his seat at the-taUe. ,. OJheolast that had .antered ithe rooni was- the bridegroom, leading his intended brido. : ? . ? - : ? Mr. Forbes.- instantly 'Stepped forward, and introduced- (his future.^so^-in-Iaw to, Mr, Stuart, hut great . surprise, was ezperienodd.' by the whole family at the tw6 gentlemen as they approached, each other suddenly. 'stop- ping, wheij bDth tu^ned deadly pale, wore un able togive utterance -to a single syllable, and' stared stemly in each other's'face.' ' ? ' . The bridegroom 'was1 thecflrst to- reoover himsell ;' then, : bowing; stiffly;; he' took his -seat beside Miss Forbes at the table; Charlie' took his place immediately opposite. when all the epeota tors, ,, particularly . the . host ; con cluded that Charlie , Stuart, by.: his- singular ' OOQdqcti had, at one time- Men a, rival ol Mr. ' Melville.1 , . .. ? ., . ?? ,i . During, :dinner Mr. Forbes,, in the courso of . conversation, inquired ol . Charlie as to what was tho principal news down the oountry, when the latter gave Bome aocount of the d»ringoutragee olI thp,bu?hr{infiera,, handing a - oopy olthe newspaper containing an aocount ol the sticking.np case at the BaoeBalli iThe . host read aloud the artiale in question; which - contained a lull aocount ol Captain Melrose's atrocitiea. The bride, -who naturally lelt'lor the nnleeling conduot, turned her face towards her lover,- and exclaimed, ' Did: you ever hear /of auoh an unfeeling monster?' - ..Melrose, who sat with his head bent for-' ward; made no reply,' but turned paie, and, soowled with unnatural lerooity not peouliar to him;- whioh sent a thrill ol tenorthroUBh her frame.- ''Mr.Forbes now cametothat portion' whioh contained a description of the'artioles stolen, when the description ot one' remarks- able and oostly pair of; bracelets attracted the ' bride's attentidn ; she' unoonsoiously dropped' her Byes 6p? those she- was Wearing,' land which .had been ptesented'to'.her-by lierlover only a' short' time _ before, - ind - whioh exactly ' Corres ponded . with the description heri'-lather ,, ,A:,strange. leeling seized her, and upon racing her eyes to Oha^lie, - she Saw him I ptfcring wi^h eves lull of indignatioa-ahd dis- 1 that', at her scowling lover ; springing to her leet .^Be made an attempt to approach the open /Frenoh widdo w; but in p&Ssing; round hei' father's ohair,- she fell with o soriiim in sensible on the floor. v : ? tv , .Vi Charlie who 'was (he quickest flew to Wr ^ aB^tanoe',' raised heir, and, WentftSting bar to the oare,'aiid attention of her.'ldtheirAaid^ !f Take ' your n?uch-injursd daughter ; ? ybufc would-be son-in-law is nd other than Captain I Melrose thdBashraqger,'.' 'then 'roshed: from the 'apartment after hipi^hVhaTiiig made his escbpetamid the (jonldsioni , ' ; On' 90tnih^'out'6f tfcd house; f Charlie met 1 smsmmm Munro with theliorses ready, Iwho, - on seeing his master; understood the oause ol his:haste, and exclaimed; M There they go,!! 1 pointing at the same time to the two .horsemen, in lull gallop making towards the forest;. : ;Let . us mount' and alter.'them; replied Charlie, when both 'vaulted in -their' saddles, and driving their spurs into their horses!, sides, flew alter the lugitivep. ' . . . , f OHAPTEB XIX. ? ' THB OAPTOItE. ? It oiten occurred to Charlio, as well as Donald, was identical with Melrose ol E^iniurgh and London repute, but it never oddurred to, them that Williams, his lieutenant, was Donald's acouser, and. who was the oause of his trans portation.,/: / ' : Donald's -recognition ol him was instanta neous, notwithstanding William's altered ap pearimoe ; lor, on going to the stable with the horses, he heard WilUams. conversing . with the:groom, and saw the haste he was in' in preparing the horses for. a start as won asthe marriage ceremony /was over ; he . thereforo ooncluded that all was not right, ana without .making . himself - knpwn, watched,. Williams' movements, and on, tho same plea of hurry to: start, had his;horBes ready also... \- Williams, who was' on ' the alert, evidently expeoting the pursuit,., never went' within doors, but watobed every direction, leading the horseB about;whiIe the oarriage was being got ready. On Donald leading .his horses from the stable ready saddled, -he flaw 'Melrose rush from the house ; on coming up , to, Williams, he Baid,- ',Mount and be ofi, we .are' sold,;; when both started off at lull speed ; but their lormor buBh tactics wero of no avail.to : them this timerfqr.nptvrithBtanding' their twisting and turning, clearing logs : and creeks, : they cpuld not ^hike off. their intrepid 'pursuers. :The ohaBe now bsoame exciting in ther ex treme, each horseman was employing all his skill, and wda straining his horse to its ut : most speed, but it soon , became, evident that ; the bushrangers were overmatched, . aa their pursues wMe gaining .,upon.:thei^'-very mo ment, when coming upon some, open ground, Melrose . wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearlul oath— ' We'll fight- them, Williams, thero aro only two against two; ' he then' fired at Charlie, who was nearest to him, the - , ball penetrating Charlie's hat. ; , ,. i Before he had time to draw his second pis tol, Charlie shot his horse-through the heart, - wishing to, take. Melrose, alive, who, on coming to eBrth with his horse, got 'entrapped, ? ..having one leg fast under the oaroase., ' ; ? . Charlie - sprang Irom his. saddle to diBwriin; him, but on j approaohing him, received the ' other pharge. in the lc!t side, which made lUmi .stagger, but the b. V: fortunately ' glanced off his powder flask, ? which . he carried ' in . the .breast pocket ol . his ooat. Shoot me, /you: villain, you havo a oharmed lile,' roared the disappointed bushranger ; but his oaptor re fused the .demand, and secured ' him on the spot. . : ; The .combat betweenthe other two did not last 'so long, for on exchanging shots, Wil liama fell wounded, and^ became an easy ' cap- tive to hie active antagonist. . A party ol troopers who were scouring the neighborhood, through thd inlormsition'ol Mr. Bamsey, were attracted, by ' the firing, and made lor the'sppt, when' the bushrangers were handed over to their charge. ' - ' On Charlie's' return to:Mri Forbes', a' soerie Erese'nted.itSeli whioh was heartrending to be old. ; Miss Forbes, who a short- timie before was in the height ol happiness, was ' now the picture ol.^espair as sbe.Iay.'japoh'her coudhl The family, wno had been congratulating her so recently, were now bewailing her approach ing end. in- the fnbontide. of ,her youth ' and beauty, and heaping exedrations on the head of the destroyer of their peace. , The diergyi .man, who had come 'to sqlemhiseVher mar riage, was now 'engaged in ' administering to her. dying .moments.' ; . On seeing Charlie return, Bhe . feebly beckoned tplrinf; whon he approaohed her, she whispered in his ear, ' You havo not taken taken his life?' Charlie told her that ho had not, but' thatie had se'dilr'ed him. 'Stib then replied—' Thanks, I shall hovrdie happyi' I leare'd that you, above all others, should stain your. hands with hiB blood; 'since you were' the1 ? saviour 'ol' our lamily' lrom^ disgrace ; ' hut, : alas 1 you were unable to aave my lile, Whioh' is. as well, I; hope. Farewell, 'may your lile be' ^onger/.and.happier than mine.'- She: then' called j arouhd. her , the weeping lamily; and' alter.'an affecting adieu, breathal herlast; ' \ 1 ,.^^e;expitement manifested on .the ' appre -hMflipn anil trial . til ' the; ]: bbshran^s 'had ' I never beeii equalled, ia:the' colony. ' Crii'wdB I of , spectators flooked from; all parts to Cheer 1 and congratulate the braVe oaptors and their dolivertra Irom nuch a nnnnron: whilii a-rsnra.1 .tions were heaped 011 the heads ol the'merci s less malefactors. ' ' / * ?The .oourt Was orowded to autfocation, while a large number - who cculd .not' obtain admission, awaited with great anxiety - the' issue of the trial. : A number of witnesses from all-parts appeared ' to identify the' pri- sonersj and to connect them with the' Several' robberies committed by the band jbqt: the extraordinary skill exhibited 'by 'Melrose in orosS-examining the witnesses threatened' to' defeat the- ends- ol juBtice, were it not lor Charlie Stuart's knowledge ? of his previous character.-.' The appeal: which' Melrose made' to the jury in defending his 'own case; had never been equalled for forensic eloquence in' a oolonial court ot justice; ' The effect 0! this was, that many who had hailed hie approach- : ing doom were nowmovedto pity hfm. -° | *' The .judge,' however,' partly dispelled -the' effeots 01 this extraordihary oration,' by telling the jury that their duty waS simple justice;' and that they were not 'to be1 influenced by the .talent displayed by the prisoner; whioh; instead ' ol - improving his oase, would only aggravate- it; if they considered',1 that 'the oharges brought against him were -proved; The1 jury at once . found ; both -. guilty; and sentenoe of: death was- passed:uponl them,- on hearing/: whioh, Melrose - exolaimed— '.The gallows ; is - not - ereoted, . neither is ' the - rope manulaaturedwhioh willhang me.' iw ??. ;i -: \- This was; indeed,- true, lor the next morn ing he was lowd . deadt inthis cell,, having strangled hims^p^ith his necktie. . - ? The following was lound; written upon the ? wall of the , cell : — ' Charlie Stuart, nor any other person, shall have i the , satisfaction : ol seeing me swing.- They will find me with a smile ol oontempt upon- -my lips.1- The fates have. been againBt me, being twioe orossedin love by . my oonqueror. Alter -being deprived ot- one, I never thought- that: he would pre sent- himsell, and prove a1 stumbling-blook in my. way ol gaining the second, whom I truly loved,' but ...who - is now, .through' me, -no: more.' ( 0 CHAPIEB XX. . OHAIILIB PIBCOVERS mw 00UNTBY. : 1 ''? The affecting and trying inoidents which had followed each. other;- in'Buoh rapid suc cession during tho last lew years; were suffi cient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they had suen ' an 'in fluence on him that the monptonous bush life he new lellpwed was insufficient to e'radi oate its effeots. ' . , The first cl these reverses was' the unavoid . able desertion ol his oountry, ' leaving all' that was near and dear to hita behind ; then came his shipwreck, and the singular manner in whioh he was saved ; then followed the loss ;oI the noble-hearted Pamul;' with the mourn lul canBe of her deiith ; then Melrose's-strange and terrible late, added to his troubled mind, A and kept open the wdiin^s ,-whipli^he loss ol Bella had caused. Tbie last: terriblo blow dame,, -too, .at, the very moment' ' 'when hia Whole mind was filleU with joy at, th^ hppe .pt aTOry. moment expecting, to hear ofher arrival , when his happiness' would be complete. , : Inn order-to, bear up nnder. these ihopeless reminiBoenocB, and to. banish; themf.entirely from his mind, he resolved, upon putting intp execution a project whioh ? had for, some time oocUpied his attention. This long-cherished idea wasino less , than to attempt, tp.-eip^pre. spme parts. el the iyet., unknown jinteripr p| Australia. , The, disoevery, ol:, Australia Felix, and the .many exploits j ol Sir Thomas Mitchcll, :had . enkindled within him this idea. . , 'i .. ..V;y.:;,':, v Appointing a manager lor his station, he, attended only by Donfid, starteito:tho most .inland- Btation, which waa at; the foot ol the. Australian Alps'; resolving, it possible, to oress that hitherto - impenetrablo.- barrier, . being under the impression that some good country lay between them/and the coast. On arriving at the station he heard Irom the : aborigines that' some fine plains'.ahd .rivisrs'were beyond the mountains, Btretohing out towards the ocean ; but aa no great . reliance,, oould be i plaoed on ? the accounts given . by- na tives, i-no one as: yet had : undertaken ^the journey. ' Charlie could , find but one among I the whole tribe: in whom : he: Could trust for guidance ' across. . - This was a strong and in? telligent lellow- namedQaandak.andwho, ac cording to hiB own report, had ouoe been on a- -warlike expedition . against, the Warrigal tribe; - as he oalled the, natives - ol- that, dia trict. - As the mountains whiolr they had to cross were inacceasible for a heavily equipped party, Charlie ? resolved upon proceeding, ?' accom panied only by Donald and Quandak, taking padk-horees to carry a supply ot, provisions: ' . After a'gjreat deal pi- fatigue and hardship, ' the1 passage'*- across was ' successfully - acocm pli3hed. ' i ,-W ? '.On crcssing the ' last of -the' eminences, a sighti-burSt' upen' their' view whioh repaid i them for all ;the difficulty they had endured. .Underneath them, and stretching out towards the sea as far as the eye. aided by the glass, ; cculd reaoh, lay beautiful plains fringed- with : strips el forest, interBeoted; by rivers rising in: /the Alps and discharging themselves into the! lakes near the sea. '-r : j The ' oharming scene remin ded them of: their native land,' and - filled 'them with such pleaBant thoughts as they had not experienced i Bince they left home. ??-- } The remainder ol the joumey waS passed ! with: light-heartedne'sB. and speed;: as-, they: -travelled over extensive me'adows never before' seen by Europeans. In their rambles they: suddenly came upon a,- small encampment of natives, who- manifested^ great surprise at' their appearance... A number of them gath'-; ered ;around r Charlie,' leelihg hiin' and' his horse ; but on secingNihem dismount they rushed off in great terror;' leaving all their effeots behind them. ? ? '/; ! ' The small supply of provisions they had taken would not allow them to remain long ; they 'therefore' made a hasty ? return to the settled districts,' highly gratified with, their explorations. ' : ,/ Oii his return, Charlie disposed ol his sta tion and started oft again'td the new oountry; taking with him Mary/several 'other servants; and all requisites to: form' a! 'settlement; fie led the expedition himsell, -leaving Donald to foUow-with the' 'stook; '^eing the middle ol Bummer the oattle were ; taken salely .abroBS the mountains, and the' party tookpossessioii 01 ' the best ' part of : the ' plains and water courses. ,- | . Unable to procure bark for oovering in' the 'buildings until the wet season set in, /they ereoted a building, which, although unreeled; would serve as a steakade nr prbteotion from the attaoka of the 'natives, should they show any hostile, disposition^;, v. One evening; alter doming home. and while hobbling thoir horses, ?; a dootor, who accom panied the . expedition,-.- strolled /a ' little. diB taace from the stockade. Being : unarmed, the natives, 'who, were in the- vioinity, took advantage of his .unproteoted. atate. a'nd en deavored to seize him. v .He.lortunately, how ever, perceived them in time, and'; testing his legs' to the utmost oii their/power,- arrived ait tho ' stookade; and reported the oase. Thb party, on: seeing ithe. intended attack of th^ natives,: took i: shelter;, within-„the' .building, barring' the entrance, and' then . discovered, that i the-'aff righted, medioo .had' : enscon'sed himsell underneath a pile ol bed clothes.*;:- j /'?^e/^appointed', besiegera.whon'dwsur. . rpurided the plaoeih force, were' at '/a'-Iosa 'to kndw',hdw'itol'attaok/ it;' seeing no :aperture through whioh they - could drive their'spears. ? However, 'their 'leader sOon devised 'a plan Whioh threatened : destruction' to all' within the place, as they aould.not firo upon' their: antagonists. .The plan which ' the besiegers' adopted was to throw their spears into the air ; this they did with such' exactness that they fellinside. the bnilding, and'but for th'e activity- ol the r besieged, their ' destruction ? .weuld have boen cpmplete.'1' i » .T.Charlie, annoyed at not being . able to re- ' taliate, altqr a oarelul searoh lound a-qpiall' aperture,, between, two 'slabs, in 'Whioh he managed.to plaoe. the muzzle Lol his rifle, and on, taking aim, .beheld the) very object he : wanted.,, This was the i leader, ol the party; I who , was, 'encouraging. his men with a joyful countenance. Aware . that the fall pf their - leader- {Would, disperse the, .' enemy, . Charlie .fired, i and,. as- he expected, brought him, to earth, whioh produoed the cfeiired effsotr 1 ' \- An amusing ^ident took plaoe pn Charlie and ; hisr, party le^ving;, the stockade, u An Hibernian, who fiUed .tha offlea ol cook, and whojwaB knowp by the namepl ' Doughboy,' seemed qiote curious in .his - examination ol the,,dead . bedj, ; exolaimed in trup Irish brogue : — '.By the. hole in my. coat masther, but it's a mighty polite or deoatelul rifle that ol yours ; initeacf ol sending the hall bouldly in theil^oe'ol thes bla*k,foe dad it sent it round his head, and popped in at his pole. ? 1 . This.remarkthe party found on examination: td'have Bome loundationV lor the only wound ' to bo lound was in his : poll; i althongh theyi knew the savage was' lacing them when' shot:' This-mystiry was' soon' solvedjior theyfonnd the ball-had entered, -his'mouth.: 3» .' ' Nothing of any :- importance happened to: -Donald while' travelling up with-: the : stock save ono, ttnd whioh we wilVhere relate.'asjit gave an opportunity for him- to 'gratily his propensity ol playing tricks.' il' j ;-- One evening, ;fust as the 'party: had- com- pleted arrangements -lor their-' encampment, they -saw something whioh' was ? novelty in the bush;' it was a'rider dressed. in black,: with a regular 'English 'hat ,' .(a- bell-topper) on, mounted on- a'-blaok -horse, and mating towards the enoampmenti' On drawing nepr, Donald at onoe- identified' him as the man who officiated as clergyman: on the stations, and was well known by the name ol Parson 1 Croaker,- but who had Jbeen expelled IrOm holy orderfl on aooount of his eccentric and unohristian .peoulinrities,' and who was1 now on1 his way to ' Port Phillip in ordor to im prove his- oiroumstauoes. Donald, who 'had' I already-' played -some ! trioks upon the ex minister, was not Tecognised, nor did he wish it,' hospitably ? received . the ! traveller, giving - hlm-Bhelter and accommodation, as no station i or place ol refuge was near. ... -i -. At the time of. retiring for the night; a i difficulty presented .itself to the parson whioh i had' been . overlooked until the last moment. This - was- how- to secure his- horse,' being, naturally ol. a restless disposition and apt to break - away, especially as there were-horses : belonging to the party feeding about; he was ! afraid that they might entice him away and -leave his master in the bush.' _ This was, however, got ovor by a proposi tion made by Donald, and to whioh the parson agreed; ' which''1 was ' to ' the following ' effect that on lying down for the- night, before thCj fire, aocordipg to bush ' custom, the - parson .was to fasten the end of his horse's tether round his own leg then, should the animal possess ' ohy inclination to stray,- his owner would have full and ample warning. In don fonnity with this suggestion, the parson and Donald Btretohed themselves on the earth, placing ? their 1 saddles under -their heads, having their feet towards the large fire; whioh was constantly replenished by the man 'oil watoh. The, ex-minister fastened his horse's tether to Ins leg, and considering that all was perfectly seoure, waB soon last asleep. : ' 'His long and weary ride; together with this j being the first time :he: had slept on suoh a hard bed, caused him to, have learlul dreams. 'Donald; who expected' to have some amuse ment IrPm' his inventipn, never closed his eyes, when at: last the horses 'belonging to them came/ round; on seeing 'them 'the stranger's horse: made one bound -towards them, dragging- the unfortunate parson through tho fire. . Donald was somewhat alarmed at the scene, and was unable for/a short time to arrest' tho animal' or -liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely having his clothea and hair singed. Tho parson took ' some little time'to be oonVinced that he was still in the : land of -the living. ? t : . ; .!: \- The task' of forming the new station, and: ol'holding' possession against the attacks ol savages, jnow' devolved' upon Charlie, and many- skirmishes topk place between his men and the aberigihe3,:whe appeared determined to drive' the whito-fellows from their hunting ground. 'Every day fresh traots ol splendid oountry were discovered, and ; many places fee: took great pleasure in: naming alter lavorite1' spots in his own oountry. - : ? Many settlers followed in -his -traok,- and took'possesBion Ol the vast plains and-, paa-' tures,1 which soon formed a strom?:, nartv in' reeist the savages. ; ' ? : v. ?? ! -' Charlie had by this time built a pleasure-' boat; in whioh 'he made ' many excursions: among the lakes, accompanied by some ofthe neighboring settlers and Donald. . The .first; of these took plaoe one' beautifully calm day,' when Donald, having his bagpipes with him,: was desired by his master to .play the old favorite pibroch,- an 'air which, he had- ab-' stained from - playing ever Binoe the loss of Bella; leaf it might awaken sad thoughts in1 the mind of Charlie;.' - ... : : , r, - ' As the rowers measured their time with, tho thrillling strain, and as the beat . glided : lei surely-' round/ one pf the 'picturesque iisletsj Charlie, whb was seated at the helm, ,beoame( : overwhelmed with mournlul ; thoughts, which' were' awakened by' the lavorite pibroah, and the surrounding - scenery, whioh foroibly re/ minded him ol-happier'daya. - l: In order to hide his griei from hia com' panions, he turned round and- directed- hia gaze , towards the islet they : , were : .. slowly passing. ? Y':,;;; ?? V.-. : WhUehis eyes were fixed on the islet, his thoughts carried him back to-.the -soene at the Bridge ol- Linn, when : he he heard his lost Bella's endearing appeal, on that memor 'able morning; calling to , him — when, hark I the identical: 'sound— ' Charlie, dear, ? savd m'e,' struok his ears above the strains ol the miiSio./' With one bound he sprung -up, .and rushing to' the bows, pulled the chanter from Donald's lips, and with looks ol strange wild ness, exolaimed, ' Did you not hear her ? The bewildered oompany, who conoluded that he was nnder a delusion; asked for an ! explanation, w-hen he replied, ' I. am certain it was her voice.' 'One of the party now in formed them that he ' saw a -blaoklellow oarryi ing a' female in -his arms :into .the sorub on the island opposite, and that she - seemed to resiBt him by soreaming, out;-, which was pror bably what: Charlie had heard, and,: mixed with the sound of the musio,-,took . it for the voice of some acquaintance.:: :: -'The/rest ol the company ooinoided in this supposition, adding that.il he;. had been thinking'ofsome oneat the.time.theforoeof imagination would oonstrue the voice ,p| the : Warrigal' female into what ho :lanoied he heard: ? ' This argument tranquilised his mind . a little,' still the sound' and the worda, with the ' .never-to-be-lorgotten .voioe, was ? top real 'to boerased from his memory or mistaken,' and/nothing 'but the ' improbability of Bella : being alive could allay on. satisly . his; mind, . nor'could he shake off the strange impreaaion -caused by the oocurrence.- , ... ; -. , ,Vjj -& ? j , -'-Another strange: oiroumstanoe .happened ,at: 'this'' time, ' whioh enveloped him still deeper/in the mystery by which he was aurrounded;: , ' -One evening; while eitting in-his roomafter the labors rl the day, Donald,, who had ' been - on his usual -rounds : among1 the shepherds, entered breathless; with a oountenanae whioh bespoke terror and hesitation, when ., his master addressed him asfellows:— Well, Donald,- everything all right among the ahepherdB ?., ( No more ' attaoks of the Warrigals, I hope ? :Why, you look as though 'you had seen a ghost.' ; ,. ?i To tell the truth,, sir,' said Donald/! il it was not a ghoat I saw, I certainly saw some thing approaohing it. : ; But , before I. prpoeed any further, I wish to ask a question, whioh I ? trust youwill answer.' '- 'Certainly,- -Donald, - out' with - it,' said Charlie, i ' Well, then,' continued Donald, !'?! wish to know whether you^are (as I have hesrd) i* -descendant ol. the Meoblc family ?' , ' Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I. hope 'you have not seen the Ou Qlat,',' replied Charlie. - .; |l I'm sorry to say that 1 think I have,' ? said DOnald ; 'as I was - riding across -the plain, just now. my.horse began to priak up his ears, and look behind him. It struok me' first that the blacks- were alter me, but, on . looking ronnd, I saw ,a dee following nJe. , Thinking : it was a ; dingo, I. slackened my pace and drew my .pistol to have a shot at him, .He then came up to me, when I beheld ?in the plaoe ol a wild, dog. a large, grey stag hound, the very picture ol poor Bran you left at home, stood before, me. Being positive' that no suoh animal was to be lound in this colony, and according to. the .description, ol -the Gu.Glat, I instantly-bethought mysell that yon were a reljitioa ofthe Mebble family, and that he. had followed , you to Australia. Alter sniffing at me.tor a fewfiecpnds, he gave a whine, and left me.' . . . . ? ' , jr - 'A rather long journey he must' have had, :Donald; I thought 'Tou . had lelt all your |. superstition on the otner side ofthe line,'' re i phed Charlie, smiling at his servant's tenaoity to Highland superstition. \- As some of my readers may be ignorant ot the meaning ; ot ; the Cu Olas, Mheobail 'or Meoble'B grey dog, If ' ~ that an 'ancient impression exuieu^i.-^ .the High landers : that a : sort ' ol- follower, - - or« tuhich, was oonneoted with every old family, which, on . certain , Bpeoial . ooensions, made '. itsell visible — such as before a death, or any im portant event taking place, or occurring to a i member or descendant ol the -.family. Eaoh family had its own tuhich, in the shape ol ah animal ; henoe the Meoble had its Ou Gku, or large grey staghound. .? Although Charhe did make light pi Donald's Cu Glas at the time, .he -had in a -lew- days proofs olits existenoe.- , -- A party of settlers .had. formed themselves for the purpose of driving, from the neighbor hoods tribe ol troublesome natives, who were slaughtering the cattle,, and'' harassing the shepherds; Alter rscouring-the surrounding woods without lolling in with the . Warrigals, they, on their return,: came upon a herd of kangaroos, among whioh was a white one— a great rarity- in the colony— after whioh the whole party, with, their -dogs gave chase*. : The animal flew at a tremendous speed to wards a' steep-banked creek that intersected the plains, near whioh , stood a olump ' of scrub ;. but, .'on his approaching it, - a large grey staghound sprung out, oausing the kan garoo to lace the - creek,- whioh he cleared at a bound. ; The strange dog , lollpwed his example,- and in a short time overtook hia prey, whioh was despatched oh ithe spot ; the dog then trotted off towards the forest on the opposite side ol the plains.' ' . The astonished equestrians and- their out matched dogs, on coming to the creek, were obliged to pull up, not being able to clear it. , : Charlie Stuart, who was among the leading ' hersemepV gazed with ; astonishment at, the dog, which none ot the party knew,, when Donald-, drew- up -to. his master's Bide, ..and whispered in. his ear, ' I suppose you will be lieve -your own eyes, and me r now.' - Charlie turned sharply round,' and replied; ' II Bran exists, that is him.' , ' No I no l!1' added Donald, dubiously; 11 the Cu Glas, and no other.' ' . , : . ' , (To be Continued.) .. ? 