LAYING THE MEMORIAL-STONE OF ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, SOLDIERS' HILL. The Congregation of St. John's Church and the applications for accommodation in the Church having outgrown all the space in the building available, the Committee resolved to make a substantial ad dition to it. Tenders were called for a south Aisle and Organ Chamber, covering an area of 60 feet by 20 feet. The south wall for the length of the Aisle is to be taken out — the roof being supported on iron pillars— and the handsome Gothic windows now in it will be placed in corresponding positions in the south wall of the new Aisle. The ease ena or the addition is to be appropriated tor trie Urgan and Choir ; and the gable end of the eastern wall will contain a traced window, formed, like those already in the building, of Barrabool Hills stone. The additional Aisle will, it is estimated, hold sittings for at least 100 persons. It was suggested that the Aisle should be carried out the full length of the building, but the Committee resolved to keep within the means at its disposal, and to make this increase in the accommodation before going any further. The work, ?which is being done under the superintendence of Mr. Shepherd, was entrusted to Messrs. Taylor and Ellis (Mr. H. Hunt is sub contractor for the stone and brick work), and the foundations having been speedily pub m, the ceremony of laying the memorial-stone was performed on Friday afternoon, 16th May, by the Bishop of Ballarat. About 150 ladies and gentlemen assembled at the Church, and at the appointed hour the Bishop and the Revs. R. J. Mercer (vicar of the parish), H. E. Cooper, H. Kendall, 0. Campbell, H. Finter, J. Glover, R. T. Cummins, J. Allanby, E. Radcliff, H. Adeney, and S. Walker (Learmonth), went in procession from the vicarage. The Bishop opened the proceedings with exhortation and prayers ; and the vicar called upon Mr. Turton, in the unavoidable absence of the Secretary (Mr. W. H. Booth), to read a copy of the scroll to be placed under the stone. Mr. Turton read as follows : — ' Colony of Victoria; 1884; This, the Memorial-stone of additions of side Aisle and Organ Chamber to the Church of St. John the Evangelist, Ballarat; was laid by the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Ballarat, on the sixteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, in the forty-eighth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria — Sir W. F. Stawell, Knight, being Acting-Governor of the Colony ; the Right Rev. Samuel Thornton, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese ; the Rev. R. Johnson Mercer, Vicar of the Parish. Members of Committee : Messrs. Wm. H. Booth, Joseph Davies, William Eyres, W. T. C. Kelly, John T. Marsh, J. O. Molloy, W. F. Osborne, W. Q. Pinnell, and William Turton ; Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. H. Booth ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr, Wm. Eyres. Contractors for the additions, Messrs. Taylor and Ellis ; amount of contract, £700. Architects, Messrs. Terry and Oakden.' Mr. Eyres then handed the Bishop the bottle containing the scroll, and likewise the one containing the documents placed under the foundation-stone of the original building, which it was explained was taken out when the foundation-stone, in making the new addition, had to be removed. The jars containing the scrolls having been placed in the cavity beneath the memorial-stone, the Rev. R. J. Mercer presented a very handsome ivory-handled trowel to the Bishop, saying, in doing so, that he presented it on behalf of the parishioners, who desired that Dr. Thornton should possess a lasting memento of the occasion. The stone having been there upon lowered into its place, the Bishop tested it with the level and plumb-rule, which were handed him by Messrs. Marsh and Kelly respec tively, and Mr. Fennings then gave him the maul. The Bishop sounded upon the stone with the maul three times, and said, ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I declare this stone well and truly laid.' A hymn was then sung, and prayers having again been said by the Bishop, those present were invited to lay their offerings upon the stone. The offertory being ended, the Bishop addressed the assemblage. The Rev. R. T. Cummins, as the senior clergyman of Ballarat, was then called upon to deliver an address, and he, briefly congratulating the members of St. John's Church upon the ceremony just performed, exhorted all not to over look the necessity for spiritual progress while rejoicing over material welfare. The Rev. H. E. Cooper was next desired to speak, and he, remarking that St. John's was the firBt church in Ballarat he had ever preached in, also congratulated the vicar and the parishioners on the auspicious celebration. In an interesting address, the rev. gentleman spoke very highly of the Sunday-school work of the parish, and said that, within a few, it had the largest number of scholars on . its roll in the diocese, while it had the highest average attendance. He held that that showed that the Sunday-school organisation of the parish was unusually good. Another hymn having been sung, the proceedings closed with the benediction pronounced by the Bishop., It is calculated that the new Aisle will be completed in about four months. — Ballarat Courier. 