mn _2>L>xuií_ Offenburg Aldersley WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1884. -9 In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Sir John rtoniiiivsoN gave notice of a contingent amendment on the motion that the House resolve itself into Committee of Ways and Means, to the effect that the financial policy of the Government was unsatisfactory to the House. Ministers answered questions of which notice had been given. Ten petitions were presented in favour of amendments in the Licensing Act, and in opposition to the extension of local option. Mr. Copeland gave notice of amendments in the fiscal policy of the Government in accordance with his previous intimation. Mr. Pigott presented a petition in Opposition to the proposed taxation of the Government, and Mr. Mel- ville presented a petition in favour of the extension of local option. Mr Loughnan presented a petition from the widow of Mr. Stephen Cole, praying the consideration of the House on account of the long services of her late husband as Commissioner of Crown Lands. Mr. Slattery brought up the report of the select committee on the Windsor Gasworks Bill. Mr. Stuart moved the adjournment of the House in consequence of the motion of which Sir John Robertson had given notice. Mr. S. Smith took advantage of the motion to express his disapproval on' the increase recently made in -. I ! .? 1 the railway rates for produce, which, he said, would prove ruinous to small settlers. Mr. Combes, and subsequently Mr. M'Et.ho5vb and Mr. Qodi.d, censured the Government for the new railway rates for freight, Mr. M'ELhone stating they had been framed by the Minister for Works with the object of driving business into the hands of the firm. Mr, Badokiiy and Mr, Cass complained of delay in constructing works in their respective districts for which appropriations had been authorised by Parliament. The House adjourned at 5.35 p.m. to 4 p.m. this day, Wednesday. Last week Sir John Robertson, resuming the debate on the Budget, concluded his remarks without indicating an intention to take any specific course of action. He attacked the Treasurer's proposals generally, but that was all. Perhaps he feared to do more, not being altogether sure of the ground he would have to tread. Then came Mr. Young, who rushed in with his notice of motion to intercept supply. In the course of the short debate on Friday, when Mr. Lynch called attention to the character of the notice, Mr. Stuart intimated that if such a notice were given by an accepted leader of the Opposition the Government would suspend public business pending its disposal. It also became known that the Opposition had no formally appointed leader. Since then the hint has been acted upon, the vacancy has been called, and Sir John Robkiitson, assured of his position as the constituted Opposition head, has notified that when the Colonial Trkasup.kr asks the House to resolve itself into Committee of Ways and Means, he will move that the House declare the financial policy of the Government to be unsatisfactory, The adoption of this course is a cause for satisfaction rather than for regret. It will force matters to a crisis. It will economise time, for the debate will take place under the rules of the House, instead of the rules of committee And it will bring together as in a focus the various issues by which the action of hon. members must necessarily be guided) when they see. what would be the consequences of a vote that would involve a change of Ministry. Without recalling a word that has been said as to the impolicy of continuing an extravagant expenditure, or the unwisdom of attempt- ing to overcome the difficulty in which it has involved the country by proposing heroic remedies that shock public feeling and imperil the sound principles of public policy on which they are based, we would direct attention to the fact that the origin of the present trouble, so far as this Ministry is concerned, is to be found in the stoppage of auction sales. Was that a step approved by the country, or was it not? The answer was given at the last general election, and on the second reading of the Land Bill. It is with the full consent of the country and of the House that a million sterling of income has been surrendered. If Mr. Didds could have counted upon getting an additional million from land sales, he could have afforded to be silent about raising a million by additional taxation. Does the House-does the country desire to go back upon the past and declare that all the eager appeal of the stoppage of auction sales of Crown land was mere nonsense ? Is the clamour raised just now by people who, having their property protected by the State, improved by the State, and increased in value by State expenditure, want to evade payment of any special contribution towards the cost of government, to drive out of hearing and memory the universal cry against the prodigal aliena- tion of the public estate that preceded it is the verdict of the country at the general election to be deprived of its meaning by restoring to power Sir John Robertson, who was then expelled from office, and by encouraging him to revive the policy of reck- less land alienation which was then emphatically condemned ? Is the House prepared to postpone indefinitely the amendment of the land law The questions of financial change and land law reform cannot be separated. Retrenchment to a considerable extent may be possible ; but if the Ministry had the courage, the House would not consent to carry out retrenchment that would balance the loss of a million a year from land sales. Let the land sales be resumed, and possibly new taxation may be almost wholly dispensed with. But continue the policy of saving the land from unnecessary sale, and there must be additional taxation. If Sir John Robertson is to be welcomed by the House as the saviour of the country from additional taxation, let it be clearly understood that he will be the seller instead of the saviour of the land. He would even sell it to pay the interest on the public debt, and to relieve people in good circumstances of the cost of educating their children. Sir John Robertson is a pronounced freetrader. It is pleasing to acknowledge the consistency with which he has continued to proclaim his faithfulness to the principles of free trade. He is dissatisfied with Air. Dibbs because in altering the tariff he does not go far enough in the direction of free trade. And yet his motion is so framed that. he may divide against the Government with the open or unavowed promoters of protection. He will say that the Government policy is unsatisfactory to him, an advocate of free trade. They will vote against it because, if carried, it would bar the introduction of protection. But can they in voting against the Government support Sir John Robertson, who talks of going much further towards absolute free trade than Mr. Dibbs ? Can he accept their support and rise to power on the strength of it, with a clear understanding that he will do nothing to give their policy a chance of being tried ? It is hardly conceivable that the House is prepared to turn its back upon the task of land law reform, and to sanction the revival of the abuses it was elected to suppress. It is hardly conceivable that Sir John Robuktsox, if restored to office, could deal successfully with the present financial difficulty and at the same time remain faithful to his declared principles, either as to the land or as to free trade. But if Sir John Roiij:iítson should fail, who in the House would be likely to succeed? We should have little else to look forward to but a succession of failures, during the achieve- ment of which the deficit now estimated would become a palpable fact, and would be doubled before the country knew how its affairs stood. And then the Legislature would be compelled to accept the first scheme that offered itself however hurtful to the permanent interest of the country a means of restoring; our damaged credit. Hon, members would do well to study the history of 1863 to 1865 before civic; a hasty vote against a financial tjwlicyTvliîoïiiieeds modification but embodies 'sound principle, and might be modified in the public interest by a Parliament actuated by a spirit of patriotism rather than by party feeling. ________ The and taxation meeting at Ashfield on Saturday night fairly represented features common to all such gatherings. It is on account of its ordinary rather than its specific character that it calls for passing notice. Always, meetings of this sort are promoted by individuals who have a personal interest at stake, near or remote. It is quite right that they should speak ; indeed, it is a duty to do so. Whatever may be said" by strictly impartial persons, and said of course judicially, interested persons speak its advocates, and may be expected to put forth the best things possible for or against the cause in dispute. Anything done by them is sure to be discounted by the fact that they are interested, at which they can hardly complain. A proposal to tax property brings to the front persons who have property to be taxed. The tone of their denunciations is the index of the pain they feel as the burden presses them down. Some of the speeches at the meeting referred to must be read with these suggestions between the lines. It detracts little from a man's patriotism to say that he watches his own interests. What is for the good of himself may be also for the benefit of his neighbour, and it is rare that one man or one class of men must be sacrificed for the safety of the nation. It is not infrequent that these assemblies lack unanimity. That an outsider should throw in a caveat is to be expected; but those who stand up to condemn should be of one mind. Searching through the speeches made at Ashfield, it does not appear that the best friends of the movement were at one about anything. Auction sales of Crown lands, extravagant public expenditure, and various forms of taxation were discussed ; but the speakers were not unanimous, even in abusing the Thkasuiilr. By inference it may be said that speakers agreed that any scheme of taxation should not fall upon themselves, and in charity they did not wish it to fall upon any one else. Proposals to raise the one million per annum required were made without thought, apparently, of how much could be said against them and any other form of impost. There is a choice between direct and indirect taxation, but what does it amount to P Most persons think the latter can be easily evaded, and that because it does not i'nll immediately upon them its effects are small. It is hardly necessary to say that this is a delusion. If an otl-vnlorpm duty were proposed by the Titr.Asur.nR instead of a stump orator, the country would soon hear how much could be said against it. Between an income and a property tax, both direct, there is not such a great difference as to warrant the confident air with which some inveigh against the latter and commend the former. The Treasurer will keep himself informed of the cogent reasoning and pathetic appeals elicited by his scheme, but he will fail to gather what other course it would be better for him to take. It is, simple enough to say, " Tax incomes, put on ad valorem, sell the public lands ;" but those who cry out in this way must be aware that none of these possible substitute have been overlooked, and that none of them could be resorted to without raising what one of the speakers called an "uproar." Apart from any temporary embarrassment now pressing the Government, and from the feasibility of any alternative fiscal policy, the question may be asked, Can it be unfair to levy upon real and personal estate ? If it could be shown that a property tax is inequitable when taxes are levied in other ways upon persons who will escape this, speakers would have a strong case. But as it is, they are obliged to fall, back upon prudential reasons, and to suggest other methods which would be prefer- able, but only because they would be less personal. No one is convinced by reasoning which admits the necessity for a new source of revenue, which denounces the proposals now before the country, and urges the adoption of what is called a " work- able scheme.'' What can have led Mr. Pilcher to say the public were accustomed to regard " Ministers of the Crown as a kind of omnipotent beings, who had a right to settle all questions for them without appeal, is not quite evident and his definition of Ministers was equally novel. The case lies in the proverbial nutshell. The Government, trying to grapple with the difficulties of its situation, have brought in a proposal for a new trial. If the country and the Parliament will not accept it, they are free, without apology, to say so, and they ought to say so without personal abuse. Should Parliament accept the scheme, and the people quietly yield to the new impost, that will be good evidence that the voices which have recently been raised so high did not represent the country. An error in the Treasurer's calculations is hardly proof of his ignorance of principles. Mr. Pilcher's assertion that a penny in the I may produce three millions, instead of only £700,000, simply shows that Mr. Pilcher may be better informed than Mr. Dibbs is as to the value of real and personal property in New South Wales. But when" a statement, full and authoritative, has been made by the Treasurer it may turn out that the particulars included in his plan will not yield three millions. If it can be shown that property to '"he taxed will give a larger revenue than is required at present, the minimum to be taxed can be raised, and the rate to be levied , may be reduced by a fourth or a half, which are matters of application, not of principle. Any change of this sort will fall short of proof that the Treasurer is a man "absolutely devoid of the power of common sense." The use of such language must have reminded some of Mr. Piloukr's hearers of a notable inscription said sometimes to be written on a barrister's brief. It must have startled even the warmest promoter of the meeting to see Mr. Pilcher trot out the " poor man." If ever a tax was meant to lay the ghost of that famous individual, a property tax was intended to do it. The man who has to borrow money la in one sense a poor man, and if already he has to covenant to pay whatever duty may be imposed he is much to pitied. Still he is not the person usually known as the political poor man, and whilst some who must borrow will also suffer, it does not follow that all who desire to borrow and to speculate will now do so. JEeAajjs^monQyrlendera will find it to their art., vantage to take a fair interest still, dividing the burden with those who share the benefit of their money. And it may yet turn out to be true that if money to be raised by this new impost could only be well "spent, the country would be enriched to the extent to which it is taxed. If we are to be influenced by the practice of England and America in imposing duties on tobacco the Tub a sure it has some ground for proposing an increase of the duty for this article yields a much smaller proportion of the total Customs and Excise revenue in this colony than it is found to yield in the countries named. For instance, while in 1882 tobacco and cigars produced £128,000 out of a total of £1,558,000, or less than 8 per cent, of our Customs and Excise, in England they yielded about -8,900,000 out of a total of _-C,537,000, being more than 10 per cent, of the whole. In America the Customs and inland revenue gave a return of 325,000,000 dollars, of which tobacco yielded 45,000,000 dollars, or about 12 per cent, of the whole. We do not know that the people of Australia consume less tobacco than those of England or America. Probably the practice of smoking is as general here as it is any- where ; but proportionately they do not pay nearly so much in the way of taxation as the consumers of other commodities. This, however, is not due so much to the fact that the Customs duty is not sufficient, as that so large a proportion of the tobacco consumed does not pay the tax to the Government. If the Treasury got all that it is entitled to regarding the tax as a tax on consumption, the payments would be pretty much the same as they are in England. By gutting £100,000 more Air. Dibbs will be levying a tax forming about the same proportion of the whole Customs revenue as that which is levied in the United States. There, of course, the duty is raised in the form of an excise. Whether his Excise or as Customs, a much larger proportion of the revenue is contributed by the consumers of tobacco in England and America than is now contributed in this colony, and Mr. Dibbs, in his proposed change, is but adjusting our practice to the English and American theory indeed, to our own theory, from which we have departed by allowing the locally-produced article to escape duty. Much is being said just now, both in and out of Parliament, against the proposed vote for immigration. It is urged that the vote is opposed to the free-trade policy of the colony, is an undue interference with the law of supply and demand, and that to introduce fresh labour is simply to compete with that already here. The readiness with which newcomers are engaged, and the general outcry throughout the country for labour, are a sufficient answer to both propositions. To argue that immigration is not required is to pro suppose that the colony is already over-populated. But will any sane man endorse a proposition of that kind ? Is it not a fact that right and left of us industries are languishing, and others cannot even be brought into existence, for want of that element which is necessary to their existence and growth ? One anti-immigrationist declared there were thousands of working men in the colony at the present time walking about unable to find employment. Presuming this were true, it would. furnish one of the best of evidences a of the necessity for increasing our working population. If there were an increased supply of labour, many industries would be brought into life that are now lying latent for want of it. The effect of this would not, as is popularly imagined, be to make wages relatively lower. It would tend to cheapen the cost of production, and to the extent to which it did that it would check importation and as each new industry sprang into existence, the necessity for sending raw material to be manufactured in other countries would proportionately diminish. It is essential to the success of any particular industry that the commodities produced should be produced at as low a cost to the consumer as possible, and of as good quality as they can be procured elsewhere. But what hope is there of seeing the establishment of anything of that kind, or of establishing industries in every department of human labour, so long as the labour market is but imperfectly ' supplied a Simultaneously with the outcry against immigra- tion come . complaints of the low rate of wages paid to the labourer. The town wages is a relative one, and it is easy to conceive of a condition of things where employment would be more universal and wages relatively higher than they are now. But this happy condition is not to be reached by restricting the labour market by stopping immigration. Each newcomer comes as a taxpayer and a consumer, and as an elder in the establishment of industries for which at present artificial aid is being sought by what is happily a fractional part of the community. 