OH ESS MOTES. A y onng men's dnb has bean, established in connection with the SemaphorB Institute, which includea chess . as one: ol iU ohiet adjuncts Mr. F.-fi. &nrt;»n, « weU-kootm player, b chairman, and 'with the addition and close proximity of a regolar ehess olnbat tie inrtitnte there ia everv prospect; ol' the game being well cultivated daring the coming seseon. Th»«tun nt.S&l; 7a. RA. ku tuum «Mla«huI altogether for Mrs. Winker, the addittoml donations . including ? one* of- £2 Krom- Jadge MoIbb worth. The Ltader pnbliBn«B the - followingletter addressed to the chess edftw fromBXis.'Wisker :— Sir— Permit -ne to tiiank you Csr very great service you have rendered to toe and my daughter by raising a fond to defray our passages to England. IespecUUy theck jou for tbe tronble you have taken in the selection of. a vessel, land. J ask you |fr snnim« BpMfe In yonr columns to exprestimy gratitude to each of those kind persons whose Mdituee to Ufl in oar bereavement yonr exertions have secured.- Tours gratefully— MaryWisker. *__«_««,. A match between a -*«? *«» -^S rt« Victorian Chess and Draughts Club and t&e; teSirf the Deutcher Torn Verein wasto come off in Melbourne on March 22. A challenge cup to be competed for by thirteen of the London clubs, has been offered by Messrs. Baldwin and uouer. Amongst the conditions are that not less than twelve Batches shall be played by each dub, that no team shall contain less that eight members, and that the cup will be awarded to the best average instead of aggregate wins, ties to be decided as the donors think fit. The value of tbe cap has not been stated. Zukertort does not always get paid veiy highly for his professional presence. On a late visit to Canada he only received £20 for a week's stay— and money ii comparatively cheap in that province. The Detroit Free Press points out a strange oversight in a game plajed in the London International Tourney between Zikerfcort and Skipworth. The position was as follows : —White (Skipworth)— K on K Kt, Q on XT V+ a Tf'« «n O Mid O R. Kt on K B 3. andlP's on K B 2, K Kt 2, K B 2, and Q Kt 2. Black(Zukertort)— K on KB, Q on Q R 7, R's on Qand Q B, Kt onQ B 3, P's on K i£t 2, K B 3, Q 5. Q Kt 3. and QR2, Bl«k played Q to K 3, and White replied with Sfto K square, losing- Tbe latter might, however, have ^ on the Qieen or mated in t»o, by Kt to Kt 5, This appears to have been overlooked by all previous analysts. A new idea in the shape of an end game tonrney has been started by the Geoydon Guardian, It is open to all the world, and any competitor may send three position*. though he will only be eligible for ona prizs. The end games must be such as might osaae in actual play. The address of tns ciess editor in CroydoD, Surrey, England. The result of the tourney of the great Manhattan Chess Club has resulted in Mac kenzie, Baird, Lipschurtz and Delmw taking the first four prizes in the order name i* The Turf, Field and Farm is unfortunately bewitched with the ghost of Steinitz, which continually haunts its chess column to t'ae dire confusion of nobody, except psrhaps the responsible head. The Turf used to be one of the most welcome of our exchanges, but the ill-humored phantom makes it unpalatable to all but Zukertort, who, no doubt smiles in sympathetic glee at its gambols. A man named Hugo Schenck, reputed to be a chessplayer, was lately condemned to death at 'Vienna for murder, and the Hart ford Times thus humorously soliloquises on the fact :— We dare say that some of his vic tims were chessplayers who had beaten hi-n at the game and were murdered for their f ollj . The final mate was his. Wo have plsyed chess many years with a man who never lets us win. We have felt a good many times like winding MH 1k£« mU1i1« jia^A^w Tf TTjinnha^ haan with us things might have been different. Oar antagonist might have played with Hugo, might have beaten Hugo, and Hugo's list of victims might have been augmented. But our foe still lives. We play with him again to-night. When at chess he is merciless, and we are doomed. When we play for position we get it — we are consigned to a lower shelf and marked stale. Hugo also played for position and he got it. It is a safe position, and a confining position, and the gaoler hold* the key thereof. But Hugo is bnund to go up higher. His chess spirit ia buoyant and will have an elevating influence. His last ga*ne will be the ' drop game' and the hangman will win. Bye, bye, Hugo. 