LAY SERMONS.—No. XXIV. THE SHAK.ESPE A.RE CLUB. [By the Brothers Nemo.] The best lay sermon that we have heard for many a day is that which was delivered Is at week at the University. We cordially welcome Dr. Bonlger Into the ranks of the preachers of non-clerical sermons, and hope that we shall frequently have the privilege of listening to him. His audience, when he de livered his " sermon" at the inauguration of the University Shakespeare Olub, was doubt less "fit," though in consequence of its being Belect was necessarily "few." We hope that some arrangement may be made for a rede* liverance of the oration to a larger number of hearers, and we promise him that when the learned professor "next doth ride abroad" we will be there to see, to hear, and to take notes. Having made such an excellent be ginning, it is to be hoped that he will not " break his staff." Bury it certain fathoms in the eartb, and deeper than did ever plummet sound, • Drown his booh. It would be a good thing if some of our speakers of clerical sermons could occasionally hear this new preacher. His English, which is brilliant because it is so simple, his spark ling sentences which glitter because they are so clear, and his sequence of thought, which shows that the speaker is a master in the art as well as in the science of logic, might well afford a model which would quietly but effectively put to silence those turgid and overworded utterances which long-suffering laymen have sometimes to endure on Sunday morning. Anything which would indues our parsons to study the art of good composition and of natural and unaffected speech would be a public benefit. Clerical twangs and ranting mouthings are alike violations of taste, and ought to be discouraged. Whether a man speaks with lisping affectation or "tears a passion to tatters, to very rags to split the ears of the groundlings" it is an offence to good taste. Oar professor would say with Hamlet to all such, "Reform it altogether." We met with a gentleman who had been one of Professor Boulger's auditors who seemingly was not pleased with the lay ser mon that he heard. We commend his case to the learned professor the next time he has to illustrate to his logic clasB the maxim, exceptis probat legulam. " What," said this man, whose ample frame evidently enshrined a correspondingly large heart, " what have our young men to do with studying plays at the University ? It is not for snch a purpose that the Parliament votes money for the salaries of its professors, or the erection of its class rooms. (He was not quite correct on this point, as the Government do not pay the salaries,) I thought that the University was for the purpose of furthering sound learning in our midst, and here we find one of its tutors publicly advertising such dramatic trash as we have heard to-night. It's a sort of fashion to say everything in praise of Shake speare, but for my part I can never read him. He says a few good things, but he mixes them up with such a quantity of wild romance, ex travagant story, villanous puns, and doubt ful situations that I prefer to leave him alone. I am sure it would be better for our young men and young women to stick to their clas sics and mathematics than to go reading Greene, and Peele, and Marlowe, and Ben Jonson, and Shrkespeare. If they want poetry let them take to Pope, or Dryden, or Cowper, or Wordsworth, and leave those old playwrights alone." We let our locutor talk on, for we wanted to hear him express himself. He is a type of a certain class which really exists in the midst of our complicated modern society. There are men who forget when they grow elderly that they were ever young, and who have condemned to a perpetual "winter of discontent" any exuberance of fancy that ever tried to blossom in their juvenile days. They forget that life has its imaginative side as well as its prosaic side, aud that young life is especially captivated by imagination. They forget, too, that some of the deepest lessons of life are to be found from a study of the wayward caprices of human acting aud human thinking. Such meu prove their narrowness by their obtrusive dogmatism. We remember a worthy citizen of this type who would not allow the family bookshelf to be " polluted by a copy of Shakespeare," and *he consequence was that in after life his sons became inordinate devourers of French novels and patrons of the lowest comedies at the theatre. Shakespeare has such a unique reputation in the history of English literature that it is fitting that his works should be studied alongside of the great masterpieces of the Greek drama. In felicity of language, in depiction of character, in depth of thought, and in range of imagination, no one can com pare with him injjny age. His dramas have such interest for the student that they are independent of the scenic adjuncts of the btage for their charm. They have to be minutely studied to bs appreciated. The appliances of the modern theatre would in many cases utterly spoil them. To see a solid imitation of a ghost take a chair and sit down in Macbeth's seat, or .to hear the mimic storm of rattling sheet iron while Lear is wandering in grand scorn over the heath, or to see a ship tossing up and down by the aid of ropes that have no nantical name, when Frospero by hiB art " puts the wild waters in this roar," tends rather to spoil all real appreciation of the art of the poet. Shakes peare himself did not depend on any £auch meretricious aid to make his dramas succeed. The scenery in his day was of the rudest and simplest description that canbeimagined. Oae writer tells us that the Globe Theatre, of which Shakespeare himself was one of the pro prietors, was built without any covering except over the stage. The play began a' three o'clock. The nobles and the ladies sat in (boxes or on stools on the stage. The people stood in the pit or yard. The stage itself was anakedroom strewn with rushes, aud v 1th a blanket for a curtain. Wooden imita tions of animals, towers, woods, &c;, were all the scenery used, and a board stating the place of action was hung from the top when the Ecene changed. The female parts were all taken by boyB. Such extreme simplicity may be an anomaly in this age of msthetic art revivals, but it is surely somewhat signifi cant that the great dramas of Shakespeare should have depended only on good acting for their popularity. Henry V. did not then ride in on a "real horse" to amaze the spectators. No peal of bells, "costing a thousand pounds," heralded the triumphant entry into London. The fascinating charms of beauty were not needed to win favor for the " wise young judge." No "pencil's aid" was required to depict the forest of Arden, and when the poet describes the castle of Duncan which "hath a pleasant seat, and where the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses," he needed no more than words and gesture to bring the scene before his patrons. Our professor has done well in endeavoring to fOBter in his students and in the other members of the club a taste for good reading. He tells us that the plays of Shakespeare are to he read aloud in a semi-dramatic fashion, as well as studied. In this new departure it is to he hoped that the club will teach the various public schools a useful lesson. The art of reading English is sadly neglected iu many of our educational establishments. It is an easy art to he acquired iu youth, but it is very difficult for any one to attain facility and power in it when the habit of utterance and manner are fixed. Those who happen to have a natural knack for tolerable recitation may be called upon to amuse the public ou "speech days," but there is an almost uni versal neglect of good elocutionary training, Becitation is much easier than reading, but the art of reading aloud is far more valuable than mere parrot- like repetition. Out of a hundred boys or girls only a dozen perhaps are naturally fair reciters, aud out of that dczen only two or three are able to read aloud so as not to send their listeners to sleep; yet out of that hundred fifty might by judicious training acquire both arts. If this art were more oommonly practised in the schools it would have a noteworthy effect in court e of time upon our houses of Parliament and the peculiar oratory that obtains there, and upon our pulpits with their various drones, and twangs, and lispings, which amuse or annoy but do not captivate the audiences that are the victims of these oratorical peculiarities twice every Sunday. ] 