THE NOVELIST. JACK'S COURTSHIP.* A SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP WRECK. By W. Clash: Rdsseix. Chapteb XX. might in the RIVER. I could not help wondering at my impu-1 deuce in thrusting my lore business on the j mind of a sea captain, full of the responsi bility of a big ship crowded with Dasscn^ers 1 and loaded down to her chain-plate bolts with valuable merchandise. However, I had cal culated upon his help, and was not going to be cheated out of it; and, besides, there would be a freemasonry between us which few landsmen could fully understand. We had been old shipmates, had had many a frolic together ashore under southern and eastern skies, were fast friends whilst pro fessionally associated, and consequently he would act and apeak before me privately without any of the reserve he would thinlr necessary to maintain for the preservation of his dimity in the presence of others. What sort of captain he made I could not yet tell, but I remembered him as a smart, exceed ingly intelligent seaman as second mate; a man who had made his position by hard work and close attention to his duties; who, if he had not crept aboard through the hawsepipe, had not gained admittance by the cabin window, but as apprentice, had worked his way up out of the slush-pot into com mand of one of the finest ships which then traded to Australia. Lunch was on the table, and I went into the cuddy to take my first meal aboard the Strathmore. Only two or three of the pas sengers came to the table, among them being Captain Jackson. He talked in a loud voice to Thompson, who sat at the head of the table; and I remember the navy man in quiring if the ship was not uncommonly deep in the water, to which Thompson replied that her heightof Bide was an inch more than she had last voyage. " Well," says Captain Jackson. " it's my ignorance of merchant vessels that makes me ask the question. I was brought up in frigates and jine-of-battle ships, sir, and am used to a dip of twenty feet, and when I required to judge our pace of sailing by look ing over the side I had to peer a long way down before I came to water." " You're going to alter all that in the navy, I hear," says Thompson ; " halls are to be flush with the water, aren't they? and nothing's to show bat the things you point your guns out of ?" " Oh." cried Captain Jackson, scornfully, " what s going to be altered in the navy I am sure 1 don't know. I'm sorry, but I can't help the change, sir. Iron and steam are the curse of the country, sir; they have robbed us of our Bhips and of our sailors. Wbat's a man-of-war in these times? An immense floating kettle, sir, with fire inside it and steam plowing ont of the spont; and how can they call the men who man those monstrous utensils sailors? What could Nelson have done with a parcel of fellows brought up in floating sauccpanB, where there are no yards to braoe about, where a bolt of canvas would furnish all the sail needed, and where the helm is worked by a steam-engine?" Thompson tipped me the wink as the pre judiced old fellow stopped his chatter by filling his month. This specimen of the gallant captain's opinion made me glad to think that he wa6 to be one of us, as l might j reckon upon a deal of amusement No humourist equals the man who passes his j closing yearain pointing to the past with one hand and pulling the nose of the present; with the other, and I never tire of hearing such people and encouraging them to talk. He began again about the Strathmore being overloaded, and his wife, a large stout lady with a cast in her port eye, who sat next him, said she was sorry to hear that he had misgivings on that subject, for nobody could imagine how deeply her husband was versed in au nautical matters, being the author not only of a marine dictionary, but of a work on the management of boats at sea. On this the Irish lady, Mrs. O'Brien, who was seated near Thompson, said to him, "Captain, if the gentleman knows all about it and says the ship is too deep, then she must be unsafe, and I hope ye 11 have her lightened before we get among the waves, which they tell me roll mountains high in the Bay of Biscay." , How Daniel eased their minds I don t know, for, having finished lunch and sus pecting that Gravesend would not be far off, I left the table and went on deck to look about me, thinking as I mounted the com pinion-steps, and hearing my friend blandly jabbering about free-board and tonnage (sopl-aickemng subjects), that the old navy man would give him some trouble with his prejudices it he did not mind his eye. It was half-past one or later yet, and we were in Northfleet Hope, as the stretch of water betwixt Grays and Tilburyness is called, and by squinting over the port bow I oould see where Gravesend lay by the colour of the sky there. The wind had freshened and the water was trembling and running u a sfryy of little waves under it; the smoke bom the tug's funnel fled away flat from the orifice and clew down upon the water; a oouple of yachts with the tacks of their mainsails triced up were passing ns m a of foam, through which their greenish copper flashed like a Bhark s body to the boiling and seething white of a ship a wake: an old black collier, with the dewe of wake; an old black collier, •VfW# «WW|rv .. ~ a tpg was dragging a fine Yankee barque up the river, hands aloft unbending the soils, and the stripes and stars making a brilliant Spot of colour against the sky, under which a flight of windy-looking clouds were speeding with a nraoa look in their tails as if they had beeu torn oat of some solid body of ^^WMfl^^GtLvesend was* almost'within * Th» light of lepubtohtog "Jwik'g Qonrtehlp' h» N|W» jgurqSatod fcy the «f "She Austral hail I grew desperately nervous and agitated, seemed to realise with a deeper sense of it than had yet come to me the resolution old ilawke was illustrating by his strategem of sending Florence and Morecombe away to gether on a long voyage. Evidently my cousins were perfectly right when they had said that the young fellow was not to be got rid of by a plain refusal. The worry in me was rendered livelier by my anxiety to make sure that the man who was to share my cabin was the fellow I feared he would prove. I stood watching the passing shore as we opened Gravesena Reach, ana then presently the old town which I knew so well as a point of departure and arrival—for I had always sailed out of the port of London— hove in view, itB bits of piers forking out into a squadron of wherries that danced around them, and I saw the windows of the Falcon Hotel sparkling in the light (maybe Florence was at that moment watching the approaching ship from one of them, and it was her eyes I mistook for the sunshine in the window-panes), and the lumber of houses that huddlea close to the river's edge; while far away down the Hope, shining like marble in the fitful radiance of the cloud-swept sun, were _ the white heights of Cliffe, crowning the visible confines of a stretch of water that was full at that hour of shipping, at rest or under way, and gay with the windy streaming of scores of flags. It was three o'clock by the time the ship was moored to a buoy, very nearly abreast of Gravesend, and armed with a pipe and a small but powerful telescope of my own, I went forward on to the forecastle, where I could watch the passengers come aboard without being noticed myself. There was a squally look m the sky, and it was blowing a fresh north-east wind with an edge of winter in it that made the pilot cloth coat I wore a very acceptable garment The women and children on the main deck and the rather squalid-looking gentry who paced the fore castle or hung about the galley for the warmth and shelter down there, gave, I am bound to say, a somewhat slum-like look to the Bhip in that part of her which they were permitted to use. But when I glanced at the clear quarter-deck, with the shining windows in the caddy front and the brasswork and painting there, then at the long sweep of poop which ran with a very clear white surface into the sky that was pouring past in clouds, and then turned my eyes aloft where the house flag, dwarfed by height, was rattling like a peal of musketry at the main royal masthead, and looked at the grand spread of yards, and noticed the frigate-like pose of the masts, stayed to a hair, every sail with a bant as smooth as a pillow, the ratlines ruling the shrouds as straight and square as the shear poles, all the braces hauled taut, and the wind giving a curve to every slack line it met and rushing away out of the topmast rigging with a kind of angry hiss in its wild humming, I thought that if Florence was viewing the Strathmore from yonder hotel or any other land point, she would be thinking her a noble-looking craft for her class and character, and not the less fitted to ride the stormy sea3 of the Atlantic and Southern oceans because Captain Jack son, R.N., found her deeper than lie thought good. Well, mates, after I had been keeping a look-out for about twenty minutes I Bpied a boat shove off from the steps behind the pier, and, bringing my glass to bear, I noticed tuat the waterman headed for ns, and that there was a than sitting in the stern-sheets. I kept the little telescope upon this last, and presently made out a large moustache, a white billycock, an eye glass, stick- up collar, and a figure dressed in a grey coat with a cape, and a rug over his arm and a black portmanteau alongside of him. I had only seen Mr. Morecombe once, as you know, but the moment my glass gave me the face of the fellow in the stern-sheets of that beat so that I could clearly see the features of it, all doubts as to the man who was to share my cabin vanished. Reginald Morecombe it was as certain as that it was I who was watching him. The name on the luggage below ought to have convinced me, but though I had been pretty sure I was not so sure as 1 was now, and Bach was the effect of this confirmatory and conclusive evidence upon me that, though God knows I should have reckoned myself in anything but a merry mood, I burst into a wild laugh, shaken to the heart by the absurdity of us two taking this voyage for the same purpose, coming together without the least suspicion of each other's intention, and actually sharing the same cabin, and sleeping one atop of the other! , However, if there was any comfort at all to be got out of the fact of this man coming aboard it lay in his arriving alone, for that looked to me very much as if Florence knew nothing of the plot that had been devised, and I might count upon good results follow ing her disgust if it turned out that she was ignorant of the conspiracy between Hawke and Aunt Damans and Morecombe. I went on to the quarter-deck as his boat sheered alongside, and watched him come up the gangway ladder. He knew very little abont ships, I took it, and was boardingthe Strath more for the first time I suspected by the way he halted and stared, as if he didn't know which end of the vessel belonged to him ; and I daresay he would be puzzled by the crowd of 'tween-deck passengers who stood by to see him arrive, and by the appear ance of the maindeck, which, with its rows of scuttle-butts, spare booms, hatchway gratings, coils of rigging upon pins, and the dirt and confusion which third-class passengers have a happy knack in bringing along with them as a part of their luggage, must have pre sented to the entirely snore-going eye a very complicated appearance. He paid the waterman and took up his bag, and seeing him looking around in quest of someone to inform him what was next to be done, I stepped up to him and said, " Excuse me. sir ; are you Mr. Reginald Morecombe" lie bowed and said "Yum," and looked at me gladly, &a; if thankful Jo heaven that someone knew him amid this wilderness of ropes, live-stock, and frowsy passengers. . v< It was a mere conjecture of mine, saidL; "AMr. Reginald Motooombe is to ahvemy cabin, and if you afo tire gentleman, I shall be happy to show yocwhero it t&r; t " Oh, thur-thur-auk ym, thank yon," said fre withh» W, ..How deyvelish confusing a ship is. This vessel looks vewy dirty. Who are all those fellahs outside:" meaning the people on the main deck, for we were now in the caddy. " Tween-deck passengers," said L " This is the cabin we are to share"—bundling into it. " I found these traps in the lower bunk and supposed you had chosen it But top or bottom is the same to me. You can have which you like." He peered with his glass in his eye and said, '* Oh, thur-ihur-anks: I think the under one will suit me best I am a wetched sailaw," grinning palely, "and the one be neath is the easiest to enter. What vewy queear beds for fellahs to lie in ! But I sup pose a man gets used to this sort of thing m time." I was in the act of leaving the cabin, being anxious to watch for the arrival of Florence and her aunt, when he said, pulling his moustaches and smiling with tremendous politeness, "'I baig your pardon, as we are to be companions in this—aw—this woom, might I be allowed to ask your name T" I was within an ace of answering that it was Seymour — the word was trembling on my lips when I suddenly remembered, and stammered " John Egerton—Mr. John Eger ton. You'll see it on that box there," and I swung hastily out into the cuddy that he might not see the conscience-stricken look which I could feel as hot as fire in my face. I stopped a moment to pull out the letter I had addressed to my uncle and scribbled with a pencil the following postcript:—" The Re ginald Morecombe who is to snare my cabin is Mr. Hatches young friend. Endeavour to let the old man know as early as possible that I am accompanying his daughter to Aus tralia I want to have the Ml benefit of his fears and rage, and the sooner he is told the longer he will suffer. Would any man have conceived the pompous old chap capable of such an underhand stroke as tkiB ? God bless you all." This being written, I closed the en velope, and gave the letter to one of the stewards to put into the bag which would be cleared or sent ashore before the ship sailed, and then went on to the main deck in order to take another spell of watching on the fore castle, but just as I was stepping out of the cuddy some people came over the gangway, the sight of whom sent me backing and cowering under the starboard poop ladder lor fear that Florence might be among the party. They proved to be five cuddy passengers, and when 1 found that my darling was not one of them I made my way to the forecastle and re sumed my seat there. You will have seen, my lads, that much had not passed between Mr. Morecombe and myself; but, little as it was, there was enough of it to convince me that my relatives were perfectly right in saying that the man was a fooL I may make his words look as much like his pronunciation of them as 1 can ; but there's no art that Fm master of to represent the dawdling, affected tone of his voice, the foolishness of his smile, the astounding good opinion of himself that he managed somehow to convey. Part and parcel of the man* his conceit must have been to strike me as it did at a time when he was so bothered by the novelty of his surroundings that even an | actor would have been natural under the cir cumstances. Not that I found him less good looking than I thought him that day when I caught a glimpse of him at Bristol seated in old Hawke's carriage; but for all that, the few sentences he had let fall, and above everything his Bmile, persuaded me that there was a world of truth in what my aunt had told me about his good looks disappearing in his Btupidness when you got close to him in talk ; and when I tbought of how Florence had spoken of him as a fool, and remembered that she had refused his offer of marriage, why, I began to consider that, after all, perhaps nothing better could have happened for me than that Morecombe should have fallen into Hawke's scheme (for Hawke's it was, if it was not the devil's), Bince what was more likely to complete her disgust of the young fellow than being placed : in the one situation of all others in which i she would be unable to keep clear of his un-1 welcome company unless she imprisoned her self in her cabin ? Full of these agreeable reflections, I sat with a grin upon my face poising my telescope ready to level it at the first boat that should come away from Gravesend. The wind was ' strong and cold; no rain had fallen as yet, but the clonds were full of wet, and I guessed that we should have a sopping night. Only a few of the crew were about, the rest being, as I might sudpose from experience, too drunk to be of use. I was near the scuttle and could hear the fellows jabbering and breaking into songs that sounded as if all I hands were sea-sick. Queer it was to me to feel as I looked round and spied the first mate stumping the break of the poop athwartships, an ordinary seaman in the maintop at work on some job np there, the second mate in the waist singing out to a hand in the foretopmast crosstrees, and so on, that I had nothing to do with the ship, conld go where I liked, nse the weather side of the poop whenever I chose, and enjoy more liberty than even my friend Daniel. I suppose most men who have knocked off the sea as a profession have felt what 1 am describing when they have taken a voyage as passenger whilst their memory of sea dis cipline and work was fresh. At last I began to get rather tired of the Strathmore's forecastle, and above all of the wind that was whistling nippingly into my starboard ear, and was wondering if it was to fall dark before Florence and her aunt came aboard. As I was in the act of rising to stretch my legs and take a final squint at the flight of steps near the pier before going aft, I spied a boat draw out from the other wherries. 1 waited, but would not seem to look too in- < quiaittvely, for just then I noticed yoong Morecombe posted near the port-quarter boat holding the ship's telescope—which be would have found on brackets under the companion hood—-with his face turned my way. Pre sently he rested the glass on the tail and i turned it at the approaching boat; this was my chance to take a horned squint myself, and the moment the faces of the persons in the sternsheets of the boat entered the field of thelehses my heart gave a mighty throb. Ay, boys,she was coming at last! 1 had mnherdadiitgJsoeirtits trembling<*f the feather of her hat in the strong wind, and thrusting (he little telescope into my pocket, I went and posted myself before—or, as lands men might say behind—the forecastle capstan, so that it might screen me from observation as she came over the side. Morecoinbe had made her out, too, by this time, and after looking at the boat through his eye-glass for a few moments, he turned tail and disappeared down the companion steps. I looked to see him reappear on the main deck, making sure he would receive the ladies, but he did not show up again. His manner of leaving the deck suggested to me that he was doing precisely what I was— hiding. But I did not give the matter very much thought, being fully occupied in watch ing the boat, whose approach filled me with extraordinary agitation and excitement. If ever a fear had risen in me that something might, at the last moment, stop my pet from coming, it was ended now. There she was, nearing the ship as fast as a couple of water men could row her: in a few minutes she would he in the vessel, for many a long week to be my adorable shipmate; no more need of twopenny lodgings, of imploring Sophie's help, of day after day passing without giving me a sight of her. No wonder my heart beat fast and rapturously. I had attempted a bold adventure, but so far all had gone as if ordered by my own wishes; and now my dar ling and I were to be together until Australia was reached; and of what was to follow then I had so little doubt, that had she been coming to me now as my bride my spirits could not have been more triumphantly joyous. The wind had raised a middling stiff wobble on the water, and the boat jumped and tumbled in a very lively manner as she came along. Every moment the spray would fly over her like a hatful of feathers tossed on the breeze, and I would notice Aunt Damaris, who, of course, would be Florence's companion, duck and curtsey as the shower blew along. She wore a thick greyish coloured veil and a hat resembling a man's wideawake, and as I watched her fobbing in the sterusheets of that boat I thought to my self, " What would be your ideas, my old beauty, were you to know whose eyes were gazing at yon from the Strathmore's fore castle i" Presently the boat came alongside, and in a few moments Florence and her aunt stepped over the gangway and immediately went into the cuddy, followed by one of the under-stewards with an armful of odds and ends belonging them. I went on to the main deck and posted myself between the foremast and the galley* out of sight of the poop and quarter-deck, whilst I considered wnat I had beat do. I had made up my mind not to let Florence see me until the news of my being aboard had been given her by Thompson (who, by the way, had gone ashore). I was not going to run risks. It was not for a mo ment to he doubted that if Aunt Damaris got to know I was in the Strathmore she would abandon the voyage by that vessel and carry Florence away, with Morecombe, of course, in their wake. Consequently, even Florence herself ought not to know that I was to be one of the vessel's passengers until we were well afloat and the nearest port a long dis tance astern. These being my considerations, I stood de bating what I should do. I had no excuse to stick to my cabin for the rest of the after noon and evening, for we were not at sea, and I could not 6liam sickness, nor, indeed, did I relish the notion of a long spell of soli tary confinement Dinner would be served at half-past five or six, and of course I could not take my place at the table. My best plan clearly was not to go aft at all until it was time to turn in, at which hour I might take it Florence and her aunt would have stowed themselves away in their cabin. I had half a mind to walk into the forecastle and see if there were any faces about that I remem bered, and then, reflecting that there was rather too much drunkenness there to make a visit agreeable, I was turning my attention to the'tween decks and planning a voyage into those regions for the shelter of them and the secure hiding place they would make for me, when my eye caught sight of a figure in the boatswain's berth sitting upon a chest and drinking tea out of a pannikin which he held in one hand whilst he flourished a lump of soft tack in the other. This berth or cabin was bulk- headed off from the rest of the forecastle, and formed a kind of wing on the portside of the deck, a corresponding struc ture facing it on the starboard side. The boatswain and carpenter of the Portia had shared a similar bedroom in that ship, and the same arrangement would be found, I supposed, in this sister vessel. I stepped over the door of this cabin, meaning to ask the man, whoever he might be, if he knew at what hour we were to get under way in the morning, when, struck by his appearance, I looked at him attentively and exclaimed " What, Jimmy Shilling 1 After all these years—still alive oh 1 Surely you remember me!" He took a kind of slow long look at me over his pannikin and then put it down and stood up. "Mr. Seymour! he exclaimed. " Well, I'm blowed! how are you, sir?" This man had been boatswain's mate in the Portia, and four years ago he had looked ten years younger than he did now, so scurvily does the sea use her children; bnt his grizzled beard, the weather-ploughed look of his leathery skin, and the knots which hauling and palling and swearing and piping had tied, up around his eyes and over his temples did not disguise him from me. I gave him a hearty handshake and sat down, bidding him not mind me, bnt to go on with his supper, or whatever the snack he was working at' might be style. At that moment in steps the carpenter, a hairy, wiry sea-dog, with a beard like a worn out scrubbing-brush upon his chin, and strange pale eyes, as if they had lost their colour by looking too much to windward in wet weather. The boatswain politely intro duced me to him, whereupon he palled off his far cap as a salutation, and pitched it into his bunk, and then hauling forth a short black pipe from his breeches pocket, he filled it out of a well-worn brass box, and began; very gravely to smoke. " You-don't mean to say, Mr. Seymour," said the boatswain, " that you've come to sea again ?" "J"No.Shilling," said I, "not as a sailor mail.* I'm going to Australia along with yoa —r*S'-lhe Old chantey says, * I've embarked 1 intoaahip which her topsails is let fall^ and all unto an ileyand where we never will go home,' but not to soil my hands with your filthy grease and tar. No, Shilling; no more keeping a look-out, no more hauling and Blaving tor this child. You may pipe your whistle and be hanged ; you'll never get me to dance to it I'm a cuddy passenger, my lively hearty, taking a sail round what the negro calls dis circumnabular globe for the fun of watching others do what I've had to do myself, and don't mean to do again." The carpenter grinned broadly behind his pipe, and the boatswain exclaimed, " Cuddy passenger, eh? Shingles," addressing the carpenter, "ain't the cuddy a place uuder the poop where the ladies live, and where ye may find by looking nothing hut fust-class eatin' knocking about f " If it ain't there, it ain't forrards," answered the carpenter; " leastways in this vessel." " And a good job too," said I. " Mr. Shingles, would you have ladies to live among the drunken Dutchmen you may hear snort ing like hogs, if you'll put your ear to the forescuttle V' , " You're right, Mr. Seymour," exclaimed the boatswain. " Hogs are they, and it's animals after that there pattern to which sailors have reduced themselves. Sailors do I call 'em ! Why, I'd swallow that pannikin, Shingles—bolt it afore ye whilst you sit look ing on—if out of this Bhip's company ye'll be able to nick me one man that hasn't more to learn of his calling than an apprentice, when 1 first went to sea, would ha' needed teaching | after he had been six months sailoring." "Right yoa are, mate," replied the car penter, smoking thoughtfully; ' but there's no use grumbling. A man must must take things as they come. If ye can't get first-class sea men, then ye must put up with middlin' Bailors ; and" if they're not to be got, then ye must be content with sojers and scara mouches and turnpike men. My argument is, what's the use of cussin' and swearin'? Will you have a pipe of tobacco, Mr. Sey mour, sir i" and he fumbled about for his brass box. I-took a pinch for company's sake and pnt it into my pipe, and then all at once bethink ing myself that these fellows were calling me Mr. Seymour—and, mind you, in no uncer tain notes, for the boatswain had the most roaring voice ever human being used in calling upon sailors to quit fbeir beds of down and mount the masts, whilst there was there was the true deep-sea rumble in the car penter's pipes—I said, "Jimmy, and you, Mr. Shingles, my name aboard theStrathmore is not Seymour but Egerton. Will you try. to think of that, my friends ? There are some passengers aft who mustn't on any account know I'm here. And they can only find out that I am here, even when I am sitting among them, and they are looking at me, by learning my name. So I'm Mr. Egerton, Jimmy, and you, Mr. Shingles; and in some second dog-watch, when everything's quiet aloft and the sailors are at prayers, I'll tell you why I've come to sea in your ship, and give you both such a yarn that you'll never afterwards want to use curling-irons for your hair again so long as yon live." " All right, sir," 6aid the boatswain; Hegerton's the word, and Hegerton it is." " Same here," warbled Chips. Note in this the the beautiful gentlemanly spirit of the sailor. Had a landsman heard me say that I had changed my name, then— unless 1 had explained that property was the cause—he would straightway have suspected me of arson, forgery, or murder, and that I was flying to Australia to escape British jus tice. On the other hand, these two shell backs asked no questions, suspected nothing, 6imply said " Hegerton it is, "and so made an end of the matter. Having gone so far with them, I thought I would go farther yet. and I told them that as my friend Daniel Thompson, their skipper, was ashore, and unable therefore to let a certain passenger know that I was in the ship, and as I did not want to meet that passenger until she had been informed that I was aboard, I desired to keep forward, or somewhere out of sight, until bedtime, and asked leave to use tneir cabin. f " To be sure you may, Mr. /ifegerton," said the boatswain, with a grin, as he put a gale of wind into the aspirate to let me know how completely he had mastered the word ; " and if ye'd like to eleep here, there's my bunk and | welcome." This hospitable offer I declined, bnt I told him if he'a get me a pannikin of tea from the galley, and a piece of bread, I should feel very much obliged to him, and these things he at once procured ; so that, seated on his chest, with the fumes of the strong cavendish cake-tobacco that sailors smoke mingling in my nostrils with the Bteam of the galley tea, and the wind making a rushing noise in the rigging outside, I felt as if I were once more a sailor, and only watting for the order to turn to to bundle out with the others and fall to work. I had a pleasant talk with these men abont the ship and the skipper (whom they had both sailed with before, and spoke of in high terms), and amongst us we revived some old and pleasant memories; and then, having duties to attend to on deck, they left me alone. It was now raining, with a promise of a dark, foul night, and the wind was screeching in squalls overhead. I poked my nose ont ana looked along the decks; a couple of brass-bound apprentices (the Strathmore carried five of these " young gentlemen ") were lurking about the head of one of the poop ladders, swathed in oilskins, and the second mate, similarly at tired, was rambling about in solitary dignity in the neighbourhood of the wheel. None of the passengers of any description was to be seen; and the deserted dark wet decks, the rain flying in clonds of drizzle past the masts, the streaming rigging, and the gloomy Bky, which the shadow of the approaching night was fast darkening, made a truly miserable and depressing picture. I wondered what Morecombe was doing; whether he was with Aunt Damaris and Florence. But there was no use wondering. My present.business was to Mil the evening, ana so I lighted a pipe, and on looking at the carpenter s bunk Bpied a book at the foot of it which proved to be a collection of tales of shipwreck, and several of these yarns I read to the hoarse accom paniment of the wind groaning and roaring outside. The dinner bell rang, the evening gathered, and, by and by, on taking another look aft, I saw the cuddy lamps alight, and the pas Bengers eating their first dinner aboard the iStrathmore. It was no joke peering through the wet from the grim and rude interior of the boatswain's cabin at that brilliant cuddy, fiB though I were a 'tween deck passenger land could only peep and envy. The tea and Stread I had eaten had, it is true, plugged my ppetite, still I felt as if there was enough hunger leaking out to qualify me to give an joptmon on old Dramings' cookery; and above all, this sknlfeing was extremely dis agreeable, as tending to make me reckon that |ny courtship was to consist altogether of hiding and seeking. However, it was clearly cotmy poUc^r to govern! rise ^before^y "' known toherj and bo. comfort* ** '''i rtflection that the neoea * torn boom, Ionoe more picked up the book of shipwrecks and went on reading until Jimmy ana the carpen-1 ter came into the cabin. No company do I like better than Bailors', and the conversation of these two men was a real entertainment It was evening, the anchor-watch had been set, a riding light was burning on the forestay, and, there being nothing more to do until the tug came along side in the morning, the carpenter and boat swain were at liberty to yarn and smoke as long as they pleased, and then turn in. Threshold impressions, memories which be long to the first step of any momentous matter, are always lively and lasting, and that, no doubt, is why I recall the picture of that berth more vividly than I can see any thing else in that vanished ship; the oil lamp like a coffee-pot hanging overhead; the two bunks with their rough furniture^ of coarse blankets and mattresses, which looked as old as Captain Cook s time, and as if they had been making voyages round the world ever since: the fiap table against the ship's side; the battered sea-chests upon which many a pound of stick tobacco must have been cut, to judge from the web-like notchings along the edges of the lids ; the oilskins and sou'westers hanging on nails up in a corner, looking like seamen who had committed suicide. The lamp cast a narrow stream of light through the sliding door on the deck, throwing out upon the darkness a few links of the huge chain cable that was stretched along from the windlass, and a coil of gear upon a be laying pin at the foot of the foremast, and such things. It was strange to hear the rushing noise of the wind and the seething of rain swept through shrouds and stays, and yet feel no motion in the hull, for the night was so black and the sound aloft so ocean like that it was almost impossible at times to realise that we were on the smooth Thames, and Gravesend pretty nearly within musket shot. Not choosing to go supperless to bed, and yet not caring to make tne steward wonder by asking him for something to eat, I partook of a bit of fresh meat which the boatswain brought out of a shelf, and one bell (half-past 8) having been struck on the quarter-deck I relieved my entertainers of my company, knowing very well that the poor tired fellows would turn in and fall fast asleep the moment my back was turned. The rain had ceased, but the sky had a wild look, and the decks were full of water for the want of a list to carry the wet through the scupper holes. I made my way aft and came to a stand oppo site the cuddy front, through the windows of which I could command a view of the interior without being seen. Dinner had been cleared away a long while before. The place looked to me to be full of people, and I noticed the newly- married couple, whose name I after wards heard was Mr. and Mrs. Marinaduke Mortimer, Captain Johnson, K.N., and his wife, a young gentleman named Thompson Tucker, Mrs. O'Brien, one or two other ladies, and at the thwartehip table, at the end, Florence, Aunt Damaris, and Mr. Morecombe! When I saw that fellow talking to the aunt, and Florence sitting quietly alongside, my old miserable misgiving returned. It looked almost certain that she must have known Morecombe intended to accompany her; otherwise, could I suppose, if he had sneaked on board as I had, that he would have had the courage to discover himself within an hour or two of her arrival? Just as I was sure, if the aunt learned that I was on board she would forthwith carry her niece ashore, might not he in the same way have feared that if Florence knew that he was going to make the voyage in the ship, she would insist upon leaving the vessel ? Of course, he en joyed an immense advantage over me by having Aunt Damaris on his side, and he might presume upon that to make his presence known to Florence. Nevertheless, it rendered me extremely unhappy to see him there in that warm, comfortable, brilliant cuddy, close to Florence and chatting with the aunt, and not to be able to satisfy my mind that his voyage had been arranged without the girl's knowledge. The better to see her I went on to the poop, for thoy were all three of them sitting well within the range of the after skylight A figure was walking up and down—one of the mates, no doubt—but it was too dark to see which of them it was. The wind was mighty keen, having grown more northerly and com ing very fresn. I walked to the after skylight and looked down, and there under me was the beautiful face of the girl for whom I was taking all this desperate trouble and heaping discomforts upon my head. Had she been alone, the sight that skylight framed would have been lie *a vision, for the blackness stood all round the illuminated glass, and the deck was dark too, so that the radiance of the lamps, and the face and glittering hair of Florence, and the swell of her lovely bosom rounding above the table on which she rested her elbow with her white hand under her chin, were all contained in a kind of lumi nous square ; but unfortunately for the beauty of that irradiated night-piece, Aunt Damaris was in it and so was Morecombe. There they were, all three of them, and I watched them. For ten minutes I stood overhanging that skylight, but during that time I never could detect mat Florence spoke once, neither did I observe that Bhe ever turned her face towards Mr. Morecombe. It would be hard to tell her exact expression in that light; the glass was wet and the moisture made its transparency treacherous, but if there was not a look of coldness and offended pride in her face, then I am blessed if I can tell you what other scut of appearance it presented. I took, as you may suppose, a prolonged squint at Aunt Damaris. One glimpse I had caught of her, as you will remember I told you, at Bristol, but the impression left was exceedingly small, and what I now saw therefore was quite fresh and new tome. She seemed about 60 years old: very sharp features, a long narrow nose, a wide mouth with thin lips, and small restless black eyes. Her hair was grey, and she was very bald about the parting. She wore two old-fashioned sausage-shaped curls in front of the ear. She looked to be dressed in black satin, for the stuff gleamed whenever she moved: her can was large, with plenty of riband in it, ana aronnd ner neck was a stretch of lace,* or something of that kind, with the ends hang ing down in front of her. She had the ap pearance, I am bound to say, of a respect able, well-to-do old lady. Well, whilst I was staring down at them, I saw Florence lean towards her aunt, say something,, and then rise. The old woman lifted her eyes to her and seemed to expos tulate ; them, apparently thinking better of it, she got op too, and shook bands with Mr. Morecombe, but Florence gave him such a chilly bow that the sight of it brought my two hands together in a rapturous squeeze, and then in a breath there was nothing left of the picture the skylight had framed but the bare table. X turned to go below by the cuddy front entrance, and found the person X had noticed stumpingthe deck at my elbow and peering nt me. "ireyou a cuddy passenger T »|d he. "Xam^Xreplie rflnoe told "Oh, I beg your pardon," Baid he. May I ask what name V1 " Mr. John Egerton," I answered. " My name is Thornton," said he, and Tm the chief officer. I did not notice you at dinner. I don't think I've seen you in this vessel before: when did you come aboard, Birl" "In the docks." He continued to peer at me as though he could not make up his mind as to whether I was an Irish assassin or the latest English forger, but when, in reply to the question, I I gave him the number of my cabin and the name of the person who was to share it with me, he exclaimed, " Oh, it's all right, sir, of course," and resumed his walk. This matter, trifling &b; it was, nevertheless hugely dis gusted me, and I was never more disposed to curse myself for a fool for putting myself into situations full of mortifications, misconstruc tions, and the obligation of sneaking and skulking. I lingered a few minutes on the poop, not choosing that the mate should natter himself that he had hastened my de parture. There was no rain, but the darkness was thickened with a rolling and eddying mist that sometimes drove past the illumi nated skylights like bursts of steam. The lights at Gravesend twinkled wildly, andthe loom of the high land behind was visible in a deeper blackness above the winking flickering sparks. The river from the light abreast of Northfleet away down as far as the Hope looked as if a galaxy of stars were hovering over its glooming waters : how many vessels those lanterns represented I conld not ima gine, but any one might easily suppose from the appearance of the multitudinous shining, that an immense fleet had brought up in Gravesend Reach. Most of the lights were stationary, but here and there you would see one reeling and staggering with a sweeping movement upon the darkness, denoting Bome small craft tossing upon the little sea which the strong wind had raised in the river, whilst close at hand over the side the water glimmered amid the deep night-shadow in [ dull flashes of pallid froth, and washed in a crunching sound along the bends of onr I motionless vessel, making the rudder jar now and again with a faint rattling of the tiller chains in the Ieading-Bheaves. Aloft, the noise of the wind was like the shearing of a gate through a forest, but many a wild note there was in addition twanged on the harp like rigging, and yon could not have stood and listened for five minutes, with the sobbing of the water to help your fancy, without be lieving that a world of phantoms had come down on the wings of the wind and alighted on those darklingspara&nd; faintly glimmering yards—ghosts of mothers singing to wailing babies, ghosts of ruined men groaning in their misery, ghosts of madwomen shrieking in torment A strange chorus, mates, as you all know, for what sailor's thoughts have not run to it? though, to find a meaning in such spirit-crying, there should be no shore-lights about, you must be leagues and leagues away ontatsea, on the forecastle, say, where you may be alone, for aft there are the helmsman and the officer of the watch to keep you com pany—with a eomposant burning at the fore yard arm and the ocean a wild and hurling shadow around yon, with the desolate glint of foam under the bows and trailing in aline astern, making the deep as sad as a winter landscape with a sweep of blown snow lying on the black land under the blacker sky. A few minutes of this were as much as satisfied me. I went on to ihe quarter- deck and looked through the cuddy windows. Florence and Aunt Damaris had withdrawn to their cabin; indeed, all the ladies had retired, and the only occupants of the cuddy were a group of three or four men, More combe amongst them, sipping grog at that part of the table which waB nearest the stove. Seeing the road clear I entered, walked straight into my cabin and went to bed. 