THROUGH ALBURY TO WAGGA. BY OCR SPECIAL REPORTED. •No one can estimate the great facilities in travelling so much as he waj uses the railway on urgent matters of busi ness, and to whom time is of the greatest importance. " Fancy" said an old squatter to me, " the time it used to take in the old coaching days, when four light grass fed horses would stick us up in the middle of our journey; if the roads were the least heavy. I remember, he continued, when we had to get out and push the coach and horses along, they were rum old times, compared with these days, when the railway will land you at Wagga in something under 10 hours." Arrived at Albury about 12 o'clock, our party had refreshments, -which did much credit to the caterer. • H changed trains we went speeding along towards Wagga. There is little or no variety in the Australian bush, the trees for the most part are the gum, stringy bark, and wattle. In the moonlight the forest -presents a dismal appearance. It is grim and gaunt. Here and there the ghost-like kangaroo may be seen like some lonely spectre as it were "revisiting the glimpses of the moon " and com bining with the sombre aspect of this scene, sounds out the weird note of the mopoke. One can scarcely imagine anything more lonely. Arrived at Wagga we found very little accommodation at j 3 o'clock in the morning and "your own " had to lay his tired, but spare limbs, on a flimsy bed which very soon collapsed altogether. I was then introduced to a shake-down". To the uninitiated it may be as well to ex- plain the nature of this. There are many kinds of "^hake-downs," sometimes you get a wallaby rug on a bar counter, a billiard-table, or the floor of mother earth, but mine was none of these. The temporary bed was erected on an old couch -which must have done service in the infant days of Wagga, and from continual freedom the hair cloth had rebelled, and rubbed up the once even surface until it resembled a chimney sweep's appliance. The only barrier between that and theskin being a .well worn sheet with large rents here and there, ; which liad been ingeniously placed over the rugged surface of the couch, and caused me to spend the few remaining hours of morning in mortal agony. In Wagga, I am told, many people never sleep. I noticed numbers awake indulging in games of peculation. In the morning I -walked round the town, I found it a place of much importance, large and commodious hotels, banks, shops, some first-class buildings, many of which would not disgrace our own principal thoroughfares— among other sights I saw the butcher's shop, where De Castro the Tichborne elaimant supplied the wants of the public. The pastoral and the agricultural pursuits are being mixed now a good deal more than previously, although the bloated squatter still looks over his broad acres with a greedy eye, and views the coming invasion of the- selector with feelings of wrath and jealousy. This matters little, for onward the selector goes, clears and plants the forest, and I affirm that such is the only way to build, up a country's greatness. No one desires to detract from the first mission of the squatter in civilizing the country, and freeing it fromi ts savage possessors, but it is the farmer alone who can redeem it from the wild waste of bush, which meets the eye on all sides round about fa, for—"a bold peasantry, their country's pride, when once destroyed can never be supplied.'' It should.be the desire of. all.people to see the country advance, for by its. advancement and general prosperity, great cities like Melbourne and Sydney are built up. 