DEViNISBf . '(Poarc OUR pNN COOuEBPONDENT.) Few people are iaware whence the nameDevenish is borrowed./ Some say from'an native source.," The name Devonish is not to'be found in the vernacular of the aborigines of any part of tlie Australian continent. It is simply the name of one of the 8065 islands that adorn the face of the waters of the beautiful Lough Erne in the north of Ireland.. The lake is celebrated'for its 'picturesque scenery and. the. great natural beauty of its surroundings. The island is two miles distant from the historic town of Enniskillen. -Though small in area it is not.devoid of beauty of a character purely its own. It possesses the ruins of, an ancient abbey, ivy-mantled, and a round.tower, one of the most per fect of its kind in Ireland, in a'tolerably good state of preservation. The date of the,building of, these round towers and the purposes for which they wdre used have, long:been a puzzle to anti. iiaarinas; The' people of Ei?niskillen periodically repair. the tower, for although, as old Humphrey isays .The mioks are all gai, "'A?id'thes abbey:isgoing -" they - aveis. 'reverence forthe ;towne that has for. so lonig.aiperiod. withstood: the destroying bhaud of time. Until quite recently Devenish was used as a burial: place.' The 'inescriptions on many tombstones in the.insular neero 'polio attestris'antiquity as a place of repose' for the deaid. Portora, 'where the Royal School0is erected, is in close proximity to the. spot where those wailiirgs peculiar to-Iriah'lfunerals in the olden times were 'enacted. Portora means " the port of weepiing or wailing for the dead." The only inhabitants of the island are one or two ghosts, a few itinerant fairies, 'and a'resident bl'nh'eli&e; S much 'for Devenish the Old.. Hlowover pleasing it niay 'be to find faiiniliar Old Country:'names trans. .planted to Australian.soil, I.think it i 'a' matter for regret' that" thoe'native names have 'not 'been' .ore generally adopted inthe nomenclature ofparishes and' places;. In - many.' cases these names are poetical,and in nearly all desdocriptive: , Bui~kabanyulo: noana "' the lanst of the ranigeii;'" Thoona, "a little hill ;'.' Werracknabeal, " big guin trees;" Buninyong, " a high hill;" Lal Lal,,"leaping, leaping," &c.; all of 'which names are descriptive, while' othersi such as Wandiligong, Boomah. noomoonah, &o.;, are ,poetical. 'The' commingling of native and other names have led to queer mistakes.' in one instance -a: learned resident of .the Wimmera district published an able paper. on the early inhabitants of Australia, and' stated hisebelief in thb theory of the 'aborigines being 'de. scended fromi a Hindoo race, owing to the "native " names of many places in Victoria, being similar to others in India and Ceylon. 'He. instanced Dimboola and- Coonooer; but. it is quite ;unnecessary;lto state these are not native naines'. Onno or twvoof the 'early 'pastoralocdupierse of the Wim-' mera named the localities after'Indiah places where they had been engaged in military duties. 'What a. mistake would be made if in ages to come some learned wag were to assort, that, be. cause the 'word Devenish is of Erse derivation, the early pioneers of the North-eastern districtwere of Milesiin origin!, ? Could anything be more absurd P? So far asI have observed, the inhabitants of'Dovenish are toler. ably fair specimens' of: the Spanish nation. Whoever would, think :of mistaking the "Don Pedro M'Manue, the';Signor O'Goriani arid the Signora O'Flaherty, my respected "laundress, for anything' but'.Spanish represen tatives? They are as Spanish as old Castille itself. ' 'Ouida was'bighly' poetical over the "dust, the dust thatdancdes in the golden suinbeam," 'in dn?i'of her iiovels.' 'She may thank her stare she never was com pelled by stern fate 'o " bide-a.woo" in IDuetborough. Flat, not far from liere,'during a hot wind day.' I visited this delectable place afew days ago. Shall I, ever forget .it?' .Each and everiy init iii tie town=""and for that part, woman, too-wore a brown suit. I'"erroneously iinagiiied this' wis the fashionable color in Dustborough. It was the effects'.of.tho dust, however. It permeated the air 'for a height of at least 1000. feet, covered everything animate and inanimate, spared neither the roast beef of Old England nor the colonial "swipes"'of Victoria. Dust borough Flat is by no means ianother paradise, . A movement is on foot for the erection' of a flour mill in the township of Devenish. . The company is to bs a co-operative one. I, understand, a good many shares have :already been applied for. ' There is no' reason why the _venture should;iot prove 'a sec cThe directors of the National Bank of Atistralasia havo opened a branch of their institdtion id Devenish. It will prove very convdenient for the inhab.i taints of ,Devehish iand ourrouiiditig distiicts to 'have o'a liberal institution such as the National Bank tradlig in their midst. It is niit unlilkely this institution will erect a suitable build ing in the township.: In common with others I wish' them 'every euccess, Institutions that incur considerable cost and inconvenience .in order to benefit their constituents desereo hearty support. : 