scientific and IHteraru. EXPLORING IN THE ATLANTIC OCEAN.—At a recent meeting of the Academy of Sciences, M. AlphonBe Milne- Edwards, who was commissioned by the French Government to go on an exploring cruise in the Atlantic Ocean on board the Talisman, communicated some of the resultg of his expedition. After rounding the coast of Africa, as far as Senegal, the Talisman visited the Cape Verde, Canary, and Azores Islands. M. Edwards states that the ocean to the west of Morocco and the Desert of Sahara is of almost uniform depth. Fish abound at a depth of from 1,000 to 1,500 metres. Between Senegal and the Cape Yerde Islands the nets of the exploring party reached a depth of from 3,200 to 3,655 metres, and brought up numerous living specimens which have not hitherto been found elsewhere. In these depths the fecundity of life is prodigious, and at one draught as many as 2,500 fish were captured. AUSTRALIAN BELIEF.—All the tribes believe that the earth is flat, and that the sky is propped up on poles. Beyond the sky is the gum-tree country, the home of spirits and ghosts. Every man has within him a Yambo, or spirit, which can leave his body and wander even to the gum-tree country and talk with the spirits there, or converse with the wandering ghosts of other sleepers. The state of departed souls and their doings after leaving the human body fill a great part of Australian mythology. The dead are buried doubled up, the body lying on the side, and the usual deposit is made of the personal effects of the deceased. Mr. Howitt, in the Journal of the Anthropological Institute. THE INDIAN POPULATION IN THE UNITED STATES.— From a census compiled by Mr. Sherman Day in the Overland Monthly it appears that the Indian population in the United States numbers about 340,000. Most of them belong to the Territories. In the Indian Territory there are 79,000; in New Mexico, 36,500; in Dakota, 32,487; in Alaska, 31,000; in Montana, 20,400. Of the States California has an Indian population of 17,925 ; Michigan, 17,044; Wisconsin, 10,917; Nebraska, 4,174. In the Territories there are 247,312 Indians, of whom 193,631 are Agency Indians, in a total population of 1,012,091 (including Agency Indians). In the States there are 91,786, of whom 41,890 are Agency Indians, in a total population of 49,418,560. GUTTA-PERCHA.—In an article on gutta-percha in the Journal of the Society of Arts, Mr. James Collins says: —"Dr. Oxley calculated that to Bupply the 6,918 piculs—1 picul equal 133£lb.—exported from Singapore, from Jan. 1, 1845 to 1847, 69,180 trees were sacrificed; and, according to the Sarawak Gazette, 3,000,000 trees were required to supply the 90,000 piculs exported from this district during 1854 to 1874. These are only two instances, the first showing the trade in its infancy; and the second, that of a limited and comparatively small producing locality. In fact, the gutta-percha tree has only been saved from utter annihilation because trees under the age of twelve years do not repay the trouble of cutting down. Still it is clear that the growth of young trees of the best varieties has not kept pace with the destruction, but are becoming much scarcer, so that recourse now, more than ever, has to be had to the products of very inferior varieties. At the present time there is a great difficulty in obtaining sufficient supplies of the-best varieties, especially for telegraphic purposes. The Indian Government, acting on the advice of the late Mr. Howard, F.R.S., Mr. Markham, Dr. Spruce, and others, have taken up the india-rubber question. The Colonial Government should now take up the question of gutta- percha." CONVERSION OF LIGHT INTO ELECTRICITT.—The conversion of electricity into light is now a fact of everyday utility, but the reverse procesB has been very slow of accomplishment. It has, however, been effected by Herr Sauer, whose sunlight battery has been described in the Jllectrotechnische Zeitschrift. The chemical rays furnish the power, and the battery will only act in sunlight. It consists of a glass vessel, containing a solution of fifteen parts of table salt and seven parts of sulphate of copper, in 106 parts of water. In this is placed a porous cell containing mercury. One electrode is made of platinum, and the other of sulphide of silver, and both are connected with a galvanometer. When not in use the whole is enclosed in a box. When in use the platinum electrode is immersed in the mercury, and the other in the salt solution; the battery is placed in the sunlight, and the galvanometer -needle is then found to be deflected, the sulphide of silver being the negative pole. If the sun is clouded, or any other change in the intensity of the light occurs, it is indicated by the needle. The exact effect produced by the light rays does not as y*t appear very clear, but their presence distinctly produces electrical action, and their absence suspends it.—Engineering. THE PROPOSED FLORIDA CANAL.—The project of a canal across Florida, connecting the Gulf of Mexico with the Atlantic Ocean, is being warmly taken up in America. According to the report of the chief engineer, the total length of the canal will be 139J English miles. It is proposed to make it wide enough to admit of two 6teamers passing through it abreast. The cost of the work is estimated at £9,000,000 sterling. When the canal is finished it will diminish the distance between New Orleans and Liverpool or New York by 412 miles. General Stone and his assistants have already completed the preliminary survey. The question the company has to determine is whether the traffic in prospect promises to be sufficiently remunerative to justify the large necessary outlay in realizing the project. The chief engineer, in support of his view that the scheme will be a financial success, points out that the shortening of the distance between the Mexican Gulf ports and Europe and the North Atlantic seaboard of America will effect an economy of from three to seven days in time. This means in large vessels a saving of from £60 to £100 a day in food and wages, in addition to a saving of £100 a day in coal. The Straits of Florida are exceedingly dangerous, and shipwrecks there are very frequent. A further saving will accordingly be made in insurance on vessels, which is estimated at from 1 to per cent. A large increase in the foreign and ocean trade to Texas and the States bordering on the Mississippi will be almost certain to follow the completion of the Canal. The most elevated spot through which the Florida Canal could be cut is considerably lower than the highest point on the route through which the Suez Canal was carried. There are, in fact, no great engineering difficulties to surmount, and the realisation of the scheme is practically only a question of time.— Engineer. 