SPORTING NEWS. V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE CEASE MEETING. MELBOURNE, Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The usual winter steeplechase meeting held by the Victoria Racing Club was brought off this afternoon, at Flemiogton. The weather was all that could be desired, and as there was every promise of good sport, there was a very fair attendance. His Excellency Sir H. B. Loch, Lady Loch, and suite, arrived shortly before the first race was started, and saiv the card run down. Hie Excellency was very grati fied at the course and its arrangements, and be was treated to some fine sport, the races for the Qrand National Hurdle and Steeple chase being worth going miiea to see. Sport commenced with the Maiden Hurdle for which Hazard was installed first favourite at 2 to 1, bub an outsider in the shape of Mr Pearson’s mare Qasalier had no difficulty iu -beating bim at the finish. The Maiden Steeplechase attracted a field of nine and the Ballarat horse Marquis of Waterford was made the favourite, but another horse from the same district, Mr Howie's Kingston woo. The race, however, was the., gift of Malone, on Robin Hood, who, thinking be was safe, was finishing leisurely when Kingston caught him napping and won easily by half a duzen lengths. A protest against the winner was dismissed. One of the two big. events of the day, the Qrand National Hurdle Race followed and attracted a field of nine. Bingwood was the favourite , at 3 to 1, but Don Quixote bad a large number of supporters at a point more. Sundowner made the run ning, but the field closed at the home turn. Once into the straight Mr Inglis’ horse was joined by Don Quixote and Bingwood, and a fine race home took place. Mr Wallace’s horse bad the most left in him aud won by a length. Both first and second horses were ridden by amateurs. .A dozen started for the Qrand -National Steeplechase. General Jackson, Moonlight, and Lizette made the running, closely attended by- Chippenham and Friend less. At the; home turn there were only three in it, namely. Friendless,. Chippenham, and Moonlight. One of the finest struggles.ever seen on the course followed. . Friendless had the best of the game at the distance,, bnt Ki|- dufi kept resolutely at work .on Chippenham, and managed to squeeze him borne a winner by a abort half length, amidst great, excite, ment. Prospect, who. had no difficulty in winning the Selling Hurdle Kace, was sold for 125 guineas to Mr E,- Weeks, and the last race fell to Bonnie'Bee. -.-. •; . : -. . . The following. are ..the details of- the running:— •; . • 7 Maiden Hobble Race. Hon. W. Feanpn’s b m Qasalier, 4 yrs, Sat 121 b. .. (Cupit) . - ..; •• .. - .. 1 Mr a. F. Sullivan's br g Hazard, '8 yra, 9st - • (tatty) ' .. .. - -. 2 Mr A. M'Donald’a b g Omadbann, 4. yrs. Sat 91b., • ; (Bolger) ... -.8. The following also; started :-r- Star, ,Lsdy Teazlei, The Ghost, .Cockboat,;, Stafford, and. Ditto, The’ latest betting wras 2 to 1 agatj Hazard, 8 to 1 agst Stafford and 0 to 1 agst the others. On .the faU bf the flag Hazard' at once went to. the (rontj followed by Stafford, and Star. The favourite held hi» lead uutiltha near, side was reached, when Qasalier ran’ ripto.him.; The. pair raced past the bridge together, then came' Omadhaiin’ipd Stafford. At the abattoirs the mare had a alight lead, butthefavourite came again, and was.in front passing theaheds. 'Omadymnwasthird, Lady Teazle fourth, , and StaffSra, fifthi'Star and. Ditto being together in the rear., ■ Gasalier . was the first into the straight, and aiter.a good ■g" b P me * •?! « lengthy. TimerS mio. i»i>| jßeo. ;,• .v -«*'t. 1 W Steeplechase; °^ a * b g-. gln E~ Btt ip.'» >«, ix«t aib (D«.-- : .-(lWone? 0 ”'* 10 B ®^ b * n ■PVp^Sjw^toilOlb'.. l •ftift m?SS 8 "*:f ala ° f *>»• 8 following .also starred:—Kuikyne, The Baron; ‘-Yanco, :Goodwood,; Bardlet Erin ■»nd:Sir-Pyanß. - .The: latest , betting was— " tP,; 1 agst;Marquis of.Waterford,’ 4! to ; l agst Birdn, and Goodwood, and 5 to 1 agatSir Ryans, WaH the firs fca way, . followed -by Marquis of Waterford,.' Kingston, and, Robin ■Hood.; Yaneo refused atthe first ' fence..- At the second, fence the;Marquis- came :to ,grief t but was quickly remounted! and soon after*; wardsi.the Baron stopped. rrKnlkyne led into the atraightjofollowed by Robin Hood. Sir. Fyans was the,next tft£ome to grief. Passing the stand Kulkyneliand Rubin Hd.Jd-;.wer,o .tor gather. 1 be two kept in front round to the train ing ground, where Goodwood•; joined them. Kulkyne and the latter here came to .'grief,'and Robin Hood'had it all hisniwa; way.' Kingston, however, came very, fast, and taking Malone by surprise, won by four length?.. Time* 6 min. 7J Sec. ■ .-iira ,- s ■ ; ' QbAnd National Hurdle Race' - Mr D. 8. Wallace's bg Don :Quixdte,' syrs; Hat, .. ■ 131b(MrGlasscock; .. .. ■, . .. . 1 Mr J. O.j Inglla’ br g Sundowner,, aged, lOst 31b ■ . (Owen) .V , 2 Mr H. K; Falklcer’s b g Elngwoud, 6 yrs, 12it71b ~ (People). v. .. -, . .. , ...3 ■ The following • also 'etarted:.—The,; Joker, Ontario, Flambprougb, Yarree, .TdutrliBer,‘.a'nd' Sinking Fund.-; The latest bettibg wns—3 -to 1 og?t Ring wooded to 1 agst Don.Quizote, and 5 to 1 agst Ontario, The Joker, and Sundowner,-. Ontario and Sundowner . were, the first,awayj' .Flamborough.bringing up, the rear.-.' Tantaliaer then took up the funning, .and led Sundowner, who was followed by Sinking Fund round . the river'turn. -Flambprough and- the; favourite were,'still in the rear. . Yarree now began to go up, and sbewaa on:terin& with. Sundowner at the back, then came Sinking Fund, Ontario, Don Quizote, The Joker, : and Tantaliser); V At. the! abbatoira Sundowner, and, Tantaliaef led the - rest, who ■were;; altogether! . Sundowner and Tantaliser led past the sheds, followed by Ontario and Sinking' ; Fuud;lhen came The Joker, Don Quixote,, the favourite, and EUm borough. bringing up in the : rear. Mr loglia’ boras J maintained bis: lead, and at . the back: ’.The Joker came . down. At the abbatoira Tantalieer; retired, and Sinking Fund ran: up, second to-Sundowner,- Ontario now made bis effort, and at the sheds was, leading Sundowner, who was; followed by SindingFund and Don Quixote.. Mr Sullivan’s, horse, however, soon shut up, and Ringwood came up with a great run. .Work now began in earnest,-and a good race home ensued. Sun-, downer appeared to have the ■ best of it, but Don Quixote had too much in hand, and won by a length. Ringwood was a good third. Time, 5 min. 43J secs. _ Grand National Steeplechase. Mr W. Neil’s g g Chippenham, aged.-llst (Kilclcfl), 1 Mr W. E. Power's b g Friendless.’ 5 yrs, 9st 12 lb (Batty) .. .. ' .. . .. ,'i 2 Mr J. M. Grade's b g Moonlight, aged, lost 71b ~ 3 The’ following also started :—Blackthorn, Lizette, General Jackson, Katanga, Fame, Australian Court, All Serene) Union, and Hands Down. The latest bet Mug was 4 to 1 agst Fame; 5 to 1 agst : Friendless, Lizette, and General Jackson; abd 8 to' 1 agst the winner, Mr Watson got them away-to a good start. All Serene at once went' to. the front, follo wed by Friendless, Fame, and Hands Down, Blackthorn and Katunga last; General -Jackeon then went thrbugli/and raced with Ail All Serene along the river side, followed by Fame and Lizette. General Jackeon ledover the first fence, then came All. Serene, L ; zetto, Fame, Chippenham, and Moonlight, Lizette ran up second at the bridge, and Fame came to grief at the post of the double. All Serene now dropped back, and Lizette took up the running followed by General Jackson, Katunga, Moonlight, Chippenham, and Blackthorn. General Jackson bad the lead passing the sheds. Moonlight being second, Lizette tbird, and Chippenham fourth. Moonlight and General Jackson were together cucriog into the straight, followed by Chippenham, Lizette, and Hands Down. Passing the stand Moon light and Lizette were together, then came General Jackson, Chippenham, Black thorn, and Katunga, Lizette led Moonlight by two lengths at the river side, Chippenham and General Jackson being next about 12 lengths off. No alteration took place until the stands were reached, where General Jack son came down. Chippenham then raced alongside Lizette, and bad a two lengths lead over the last jump. Moonlight and Friend less were at the bead of the next division. Friendless now came with a rush, and entered the straight alongside Chippenham, Moonlight being in close attendance. A splendid finish home ensued, Friendless having the best of it until about 50 yards from -home, when Chip penham came gamely and won by half a length. Time, 7 mio. Selling Hdbdle Race. Mr J. Corrigan’s bt m Prospect, nil; aged (owner) 1 Mr J. Calvert’s g g Ned Kelly, nil. (Wright) .. 2‘ Borderman was the only other starter. Prospect was a hot favourite at 6 to 4 on him. Bordermau led over the first hurdle, followed by Prospect and Ned Kelly. The favourite and Borderman raced past the stand together, and the latter took it into his head to run iff at the river side and put himself out of it, Prospect then bad no difficulty in disposing of Ned Kelly. Time, 4 min. 6 arc Flat Race Mr A. McDonald's hr g Bonnie Bsc, aged. Blt 9'.b (Fraban) .. .. .. .. X Mr 8. Miller’s b c Pailleroo. 3 yrs, 7st 101 b (Olds) 2 Mr D. 8. Wallace’s f g Duenna. 3 yrs, Bst 111 b (O’Brien) .. .. .. .. .. 3 The following also started ;—Bassanio, Iron master, Golden Butterfly, Black ’ Diamond, Virago, Norfolk, Regulator, Liberator, Cast away, Too Too, Impulse, Lyons Lady and Yellow Hammer. The latest bettiog was— -2 to 1 agst Too Too, 4 to 1 agst Deunna, and 5 to 1 others. Too Too got away well and rushed to the. front but she eoon came back to the field. They were all-jin a cluster at the same time, but once in the straight Bonnie Bee came away and won by a length from Pail leroo. Time, 1 min 46 sec. 