CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE CAPTAIN'S LESSON. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN SEAS.* [By David Ker.] " Land on tbe weather bow! shouted the lookout at the foremast-head of the Vrouw Katerina. "That must be St. Helena at last," chuckled the captain to himself. "Good! Now we'll land two passengers at once!" When Captain Matthias Evertsen chuckled in that way, it always meant mischief to somebody; and you would have said, looking at his short thickset figure, and hard, coarse, low-browed face, that he could be a very ugly customer if he liked. Like all the Dutch captains -of that time,' he was a first-rate seaman, and as brave as a lion: but, like far too many of them, he could be terribly cruel to any one who offended him, which was only too easily done. Two hundred years ago, when a voyage to the East Indies and back often took twenty months or more, the captain of a merchant man in the eastern seas could do pretty much what he liked. To drag a man under the keel of a ship, or keep him in irons, for three days or so without food, was the commonest thing possible. It was a common saving in those days that there was no law beyond the Line, ana when a captain murdered two or three of his crew, or when a crew mutinied and murdered their captain, no one at home troubled himself much about it. When Evertsen spoke of landing two pas sengers, any one who had heard him would have wondered what he meant. The only passenger aboard, an old Dutch merchant from Java, had just died, and it was natural enough to wish to bury him on land; but who could the other passenger be ? We shall see presently. Larger and larger, darker and darker, loomed out against the blight evening sky the huge'black cliffs of the lonely islet, one day to be world-famous as the last prison of Napoleon. But at that time It was still uninhabited, and a drearier or a more de solate spot could scarcely have been found upon the face of the earth. At length, just as the sea was all ablaze with the glory of the sunset, the ship anchored close inshore, and Captain Evert sen, ordering his boat to be got ready, went below, and putting his head into a dark narrow hutch between- decks, called out, with one of his ugly chuckles— " Now, Van Doorp, my boy, rouse up, and get ready to go ashore." A big, sullen-looking man, whose swollen and blood-stained forehead showed that he must have "offended" the captain in some way, rose sulkily at the calL Meanwhile the boat had been lowered, and the Dutch merchant's coffin put into it. Van Doorp was then ordered in likewise, and the boat pulled for the shore. . , , "Now, my lads," cried the captain, "quick, and put Mr. Van Doorp and his friend ashore. He'll have a whole island to himself, and the other gentleman will be nice • quiet company." Even the rough seamen stood aghast at this refinement of cruelty, which doomed a living man to perish by inches, with a corpse for his only companion. The unfortunate sailor knew his commander too well to plead for mercy; but as the boat began to recede from the shore he sprang upon a rock and shouted— "You won't get rid of me so easily, captain. Mark my words: I'll come back and haunt you for this." Evertsen answered only with a scornful laugh. A few moments later he was on his own deck once more, and the fatal island was soon lost in the fast-falling shadows of night, while the Vrouw Katerina sped on ner course. But although the captain laughed at poor Van Doorp's threat, it troubled him never theless. Like most cruel and ignorant men, he was very superstitious, and believed^ in ghosts, witches, spectre-ships, mermaids, lucky and unlucky days, and other such ab surdities, as firmly as he did in the ship's compass. It was long before he could get to sleep that night, and when he did it was only to dream that he was being chased through the water by a shark with a coffin-Bhaped body and a bead like Van Doorp's. Then the dream changed, and it seemed as if the ship itself had turned into a coffin, on the other end of whioh Van Doorp was standing with a loaded pistol, bidding nim jump over board or be shot. About daybreak he awoke to find the vessel becalmed, the cliffs of St. Helena still visible, and his crew Bhaking their heads and muttering— " It's a had lookout to be becalmed here— eh. Hans?" " True, Peter; we're in a bad way now." " You're right, mates; no luck can come 'to the old craft with a dead man's curse following her." This sudden calm, following so close upon his own evil deed, seemed to the troubled captain a direct judgment from heaven. All day he wandered about the deck, restless and miserable, watching for some sign of a breeze, but not a ripple was to be seen on the smooth surface. As night fell a pale phosphoric light began to spread over the sea, till as far as the eye could reach it wsb all like one sheet of fire. Every spar of the ship stood out clearly, and the faces of the crew looked quite ghostly in the unearthly glare. The captain, too ill at ease to go to bed, was moodily pacing the deck, when a cry of horror from his men made him turn round, and he beheld a strange and terrible sight. Bight in the centre of this spectral light the strangest kind of a small craft was float ing toward the vessel. It was rowed with two broken pieces of wood by a figure which, as it came nearer, was recognized by every one as that of Van Doorp. The crew Bcreamed and ran back like children, while the cruel captain fell on his knees. His strange dream came back to him. Nearer and nearer came the ghostly voyager till he was heard to shout— " Ship ahoy! Heave us a rope, will you Now among the crew was a reckless Zea lander, a special crony of Van Doorp, to whom this voice sounded so lifelike that he began to hope that his old chum might not be dead after all. He threw out a rope, and the next moment the coffin passenger had scrambled up and leaped down on dock. The thump of his feet upon the planking was so heavy and unghostly that even the terrified captain felt at once that no spirit could ever nave made a sound like that. He started up. and, seizing hold of Van Doorp with both hands (as if to make sure that he was really there), gasped out— "Tell me this moment—are you alive or dead ?" " Alive, to be sure," answered the sailor, 'aughing. " No thanks to you, though. When rfound the old craft still in sight this morning I thought I might as well give my self one more chance, so I turned Mynheer Hloots out of his coffin, made paddles ont of the two halves of the lid, and here I am." " Here's a dollar for you, my lad," said the captain, drawing a long breath. " Go for ward and take your old berth again, and after this I'll never punish a man without good reason, and then only in a proper way." And Captain Evertsen kept his word. 