LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. To the Hon. James Service, M.P. for Oastlemaine. Sir, — It is a refreshing circumstance to bo able to address a public man who has rendered his country distinguished services — nay, who has ovon hound up his namo.iudi visibly with liis country's history without tho ombollishing — but othorwise thoroughly unmeaning — titular dis tinction which is appondod to tlio name of so many, of; our public, nonentities. A brothor journalist, writing to riio from London not 'many years back, in which letter bo took occasion to doscribo some Australian statesmen whom lie had hail tho honour of meoting, thus -Bummed up tho order : — " Human vanity and vulgarity probably roach their acme, in thoso Knights of tho Order of St. Miohaol and St. George, who are colonial agonts. " I admit that tho remark is a sweeping ono, and. .possibly the. writer .overlooked some oxcoptions who aro ontitlcd to a bettor criticism. It is, hqwqvor, correct in tlio main. And you are to bo congratulated, Sir, in that you have for many years playod ah activo arid useful part in colonial pbllties;1 and iiro 'destined to exert a still greater influonio iiri 'tho' history1 of tho united colonies— whenever that diplomatic feat shall bo accomplished — without baiting tho Colonial, Of fice for a tangible reward for services which every truo descendant of the English, raco should do for its glory. To my ears there is a truer ring of greatness about tho name of James Ser vice that would attach to Sir James Servico, K.C.M.G. This conclusion may ariso froin'de-' mocratic proclivitios, which prefer that names should be embellished and ondeareil hy tho re cords they 'mako rather than by tho oplioiheral titular apporidages which coin' or infiuonco at Court niay procui;e, Of it may. 'arise/ froni "a mental revio'w of the regiment of sturdy knights, and their defects 'Who have ' thus far adorned the pages of colonial history; Be'/it the 'one or tho other, tlierci is nothing in either 'iriajor or minor conclusion 'to niako me recall what;' I have writ ten.. Of one , thing, Sir, you iriay be certain, that- whether 'you go fewn to posterity as James Service, or as Sir-James Service, K: O.M. G./you will go down honoured, respected and beloved. Moreovo'r Sir," if you close your career with the brilliant exploits developed which you have ini tiated1, and iiow'inade historic, so far as the in ception of a great movement is concernod, you will bequeath to posterity the greatest heredi tary distinction that humari ingonuity could de vise, an " enduring name." To a man of your teqip'erameht this would be "oll-siiflicient. Tho sincerity with which you undertako work, like the celerity with which you accomplish it, springs from an oternal desire to bo of use in your generation. The clap-trap which is the common attribute of the professional politician finds rio! responsive chord in you. For oven your enemies/ cannot charge you with hanging on to oflicc for its emoluments. This is clear even to tlie blind — if I may-use such . a paradox. For no 'man absents himself from a largo commercial house, -such as you are the head of, to give his time to public aJl'airs, excepting from the most disinterested, motives and tho smeerost desire of promoting tlie public good. This belief is generally shared in by politicians of ii|l shjules in Victoria, and it would likewise bo extremely /popular in tho sister colony hut for. the fl old woman " who leads public opinion across the Murray. If ono were to gauge tlie intelligence of our cousins across the Murray by the/ progressive "sweetness and light" which are dished up to them in the leading columns of ' The Sydney Morning Herald ' for their ma tutinal' meal, he would come to the conclusion that their intelligence, like the movement of crabs, is retrograde ; but, from what I know and have seen of the. keen New South Welshman, I am prepared to alfirm that liis intelligence rises far above " porridge " of this quality. When a public print seeks to mako it khOwn that you, Sir, and your colleague, Mr. Berry, are desirous of govoruingltho) colony ; of. New "-South'- 'AValfes' through the instrumentality of the Federal Council — which you are., striving, so hard to . mako an accomplished ' fact-1— whose 'mission has been . so, . clearly defined - by you both thcro and blsfeivlieroi''theJjourrialistic inind which in spires such .commentary must be of , tho jelly-fish order,. Ho reduce your sound reasoning -to such1 utter .imbecility.. Prqtoplasni is a .useful faotor as a link' in tho Darwinian theory. But as an agent to furtheithejaiui of A great moveniqntits want of muscularity only servos to make its want of vertebral and other natural- infirmities tho more conspicuous ,. It is to bo regretted that tlie leading priiit/iri . the. sister/colony 'con-1 tinues to indulge in this, useless expense , of energy. For, admitting that its influence on the lay mind is smalt, it is to' that extent lost force. As for the eventual outcome of your labours, Sir, and tho form it will tako, I bog of you to outertain no manner of doubt. ' There is arv old Roman maxim, which, undor the form of ' Government, called "a limited monarchy, " still . exercises the casting vote. Vox populi sicproma . est'. lex. Ono has only to travel through' New South Wales to discover that tho people onter- tairi no such ideas of ambitious Victoria as do her public scribes. I am further of opinion that the real bogey behind all this cautious writing is: a conviction on tho part of the ." old woman " jthat, oneo tho. council is established, Victoria will agitato for a redistribution. of territory, j And tho only reason that such a " bald-headed ghost"; is not uniformly aired in leading articles' is a fear that the dt&ign; will como all too early without extraneous aid. On the absurdity of this 'ignis fatuus I need not dilate. Most men know that Victoria's destiny in the group of :Cnlonie8 is to becohio the granary - and manu facturing emporium for thoin all.1 For thoso purposes sho possesses ample territory. Her jarablo lands qualify hor to fulfil the first con dition. And hor rostloss energy and untiring 'enterprise havo marked her out of tho group for. jthe second. It is not likely that either of these (industries will bo wrested from hor, bspeoially jns time and topographical features dovelopodis- tinctivo produets in the remaining colonies. I 'need not exhort you to continuo in your wise land patriotic movement with undiminished onorgy and resolution. In you energy is so nearly allied to resolution that thoy can novor ibo married, and, therefore, cannot bo divorced. (What you conceive to bo your public duty you oxocuto con amore. So much so that you sometimes lot tho heart reveal what 'twere wiser much speech should conceal. But this is not a failing to twit you with. It doos not ofton hap pen, and whon it does, sincerity is at the bot tom. When, however, it does occur, obsorvo how faithfully tho" chroniclors report you. Ob sorvo their/ anxiety to garble y.our sthtomoiits, niisintorpret your 1 motives, and charge you with solf-aggrandisomont. With what a boautiful fide lity to their1 owii purposo do tliby lpalco iiso of your uttoranees I This fiction, \vlulo it would weaken some men's resolution, orystalisos yours down to an inaolublo point. Thoroforo, Sir, I havo no hesitation, iiij committing . tho , future of tho council to'- your care. This done, I liavo only to add that when tho womb of tlio colonies, now pregnant, delivers the child, iriay 'ybii he there to rook,- its-, cradle VAtlns, . in tlio World. r -A-"'.' 1 