THE LATE JOHN BROWN. Alfred Tknnyson (Loq.) I've chanted of ' Albert the good' in words that did credit to me, Aud I've sung of a sea king's daughter wuo-d little to do with tlie sea ; Now .aud then I have penned, too, an anthem to open a show bazaar, But to sing of this fortunate Scotchman, I think it ispoiug too far. ' He was always so good aud so faithful, as never a servant, had been ?' So good and so faithful— great heavens ! who A monarch of course may be sorry when such a true servitor dies, 13ut sure 'tis a little too fulsome to praise him like tills to tlie skies ! ?Wil li monuments, brasses, and verses, aud texts and bclaudlngs galore, It's enough to make Albert turn rusty, aud even dead Beaconsrield sore. Were you poor, or in exile and friendless, and t lift n lic'd been faltlU'ul and kind — Hut it alters the case not a little when he leaves, say, six thousand behind ! Far better a personal servant tliau a servant of state, it appears— To hand out a queen from her carriage, than guide the whole country for years ! And if he was kindly to you, ma'am, to others lie ?was but a snob ; And although I suppose I must do It, I'm daslied If I care for thejob 1 — American Paper. A Burlington mother lias miraculously cured her youngest hopeful of smokiug by the laying on of hands. One of the funniest criticisms I can re member on a dramatic hitch (says ' Atlas ' in the World) was delivered in the Queen's Theatre in Dublin years ago. A very portly Mephistopheles in some Fount extravaganza had to 'go home.' The dramatic devil was, like Hamlet, ' fat and scant of breath,' and as he sauk through a small circular trap — a sort of ' converted vampire,' to be techni cal he stuck. The demons below tugged at his crimson legs in vain ; the mortals above tried to stuff him down; all use less. And then, over the delightful Dub lin din that rose from the whole house, came a still small voice, 'Well, boys, that's a comfort, anyway — hclPs full!' Then they dropped the curtain. According to a local paper that well known farmer and ploughman, Mr. Ad dison Free, made some excellent remarks at the dinner in connection with the late show at Warwick. He is reported to have suggested a plan for the repur chase of the big pastoral estates of the Downs for agricultural settlement. He was called upon to respond to the toast of the ' Farming Interest,' and spoke as follows upon a question which is of great importance to our agriculturists. Mr. Free said : 'I would suggest a scheme for the re-purcliase of the large estates on the Downs for closer settlement ; should they be offered for sale at such a price as people could pay for them and make a decent living. Taking a whole station the price must not be more than £2 per acre. Let the Government borrow the money topay'fortheland, say at 4 per cent, and sell the land to the farmers, giving them 25 years to pay the purchase money at 5 per cent, annually until the money is paid ; this will cover all expenses. The land would be required to be valued so as to make tho good land pay for the bad, and then sold by auction. By this means (he good land would bring a good price, audhelp to pay for bad land, there being no restrictions whatsoever, only under the Fencing Act and Noxious Weeds Act. These acts do not require bonafulc settlements, because the settlers 'are living all rouud these stations, and could make use of the laud in some cases without building on it. Those who do not live near it must reside upon it to make it pay. Let the quantity of land be from 200 up to 1000 acres. This will be required to be laid out in blocks by an experienced man, so as every man will have both good and bad. I don't think this suggestion would do any harm to the Government ; it would only be try ing to amend what was previously done wrong. It would enable tlie farmers who had beeu struggling with small farms this last twenty years to either sell their farms (o their neighbors or combine with the estate. Rome one might ask the question— 'How could this land pay the Government, when some of the inferior laud might not be sold for the first two or three years?' The question is easily answered : Say 5000 acres ou one estate would certainly be run at auction above the valuation— this would pay the inter est upon the unsold laud.' Mr. Macilwain, in his memoirs of the late Dr. Abernethy, gives the following characteristic anecdote : — It was oil Abernethy's first going through the wards after a visit to Bath, that passing up among the rows of beds with an immense crowd of pupils after him— myself among the rest— the apparition of a poor Irishman, with the scantiest shirt I ever saw, jumping out of bed aud literally throwing himself on his knees at Abernethy's feet, presented itself. For some moments everybody was be wildered ; but the poor fellow, with all his country's eloquence, poured out such a torrent of thanks, prayers, and blessings, and made such pantomimic displays of his leer, that we were not lone left in doubt. 'That's the leg, your honour! Glory be to God ! Your honour's the boy to do it ! May the heavens be yer bed ! Long life to yer honour ! To ould scrat with the spalpeens that said yer honour would cut it off!' &c.; The man had come into the hospital three months before with a diseased ankle, and it had been at once condemned to amputation. Something, however, had induced Aber nethy to try what rest and constitutional treatment would do for it, and with the happiest result. With some difficulty the patient was got into bed, and Aber nethy took the opportunity of giving us a cliuicol lecture about diseases and their constitutional treatment. And now com menced the fun. Every sentence Aber nethy uttered Pat confirmed. 'Thrue, yer honour, sorra a lie in it ; liis honour's the great doctor intirely !' While at the slightest allusion to his case, ofl' went the bedclothes and up went the leg, as if he were taking aim at the ceiling with it. 'That's it, by; gorra ; and a betther leg than the villain's that wanted to cut it off.' This was soou after I wentto Lon don, aud I was much struck with Aber nethy's manner. In the midst of the laughter, stooping dowu to the patient, lincnM ..-,.7.1, ..am. 'T glad your leg is doing well, but never kneel except to your Maker.' Nice girls are the sweetandquiethome birds devoted to the mother now, and some day to be translated into loving wives ana mothers ou their own account. Nice girls are those cheerful creatures who make the quiet country house radiant by their energetic amiabilities — who get up impromptu dances ; are not too fine for a half romping game on wet days iu the corridors; are devoted to lawn tennis, and heroically indifferent to bad weather. Nice girls are the born mothers, who, as little ones loved their dolls with passion, grown bigger, love the babie t. that come after them as they loved their dolls— born mothers to be one day so happy and so faithful to their own ! Nice girls are the artists who live a life beyond gossip and dissipation, be yond dress and balls ; and nice girls are those who are born teachers for love of tlie work aud the objects. Nice girls are the cheerful, merry, perhaps leather headed beings, who laugh their way through the jungle of life, and meet all their cares with a smile, and when to-day is blank fix their eyes on to-morrow. Nice girls are the devotees of the curate and tlie Christmas church decorators; nice girls the hospital nurses, the visitors of the poor, the believers in a cause. Nice girls are the pretty little fuzzy wigged creatures, if a heart lies under neath their tightened waistbands, to be got at when wanted ; the creatures who enjoy their young lives and flirt de corously and not too much ; and nice girls are tlie thoughtful kind who see a problem in life beyond the things of to day, and who long to solve it by earnest ness aud devotiou. Nice girls are they all — given only these two necessities, sincerity of hea'rt and simplicity of inten tion. Dr. Hawks, an old-time eloquent and popular York divine, once asked the vestryman of his church to increase his salary because of his increased family ex penses. 'Don't trouble yourself,' said the vestry man ; ' the Lord hath said He will take care of the young ravens wheu they cry.' 'I know that,' said the clergyman,' but nothing is said about the young Hawks.' The Deceased;Husband's Brother. —A little German lad who wanted to in timate his dissatisfaction at his having to put up with the worn-out clothes, toys, and picture-books of his . elder brother, Frank, said to his mother, ' Ifthissortof thing goes on, mamma, I shall some day have to marry Frank's widow.' A man in Iowa has patented a hen's nest. By and bye some man will patent a hen, and then we will have to pay for eggs until a plain omelette will taste like a lOdol. bill.— Burdette. A Texas man has invented a machine (o wash dishes, Tlie average Texas man will still keep liis dog.rather than buy a machine. He said it about his wife : ' She may §et well, and she may not! There's anger both ways !' 'No,' said Fogg, 'the lady of the house is not in ; it's her evening out. But my wife's at home.' Towle's Pennyroyal and Ftcul Pills for fe males quickly correct ell irregularities, and relieve the distressing pymptoras so prevalent with tl:c sex. Boxes 2a. Oil. of all Chemists, Prepared only by K. T. Towlc, Chemis', Not tingham, England. Agents for Brisbnne — Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggie's ; Elliott Bros. & Oo.. Wholesolo Druggists. A Cabd. — To all who are suffering from the errors and indiscretion of yontb, nervous weak ness, early decay, loss of manhood, Ac , I will tend a recipe that will cure jou, freo of cl a'ge. This great remedy wbb discovered by a mission ary in South America, Send a s-Jf addressed envelope and Bixpnnce to prepay postage to tlie E-v Joseph T. Inman, Station D., New York City, U.S.A. Woman's Spherf — There are few men now so benighted as to believetliat woman's mission can be summed up in Kliakespr-are'p words : ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse ior knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal 'Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be .produced speedily, ami with marvellously little tronble; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make tbe most delicioui custards, blanc-manges, &c;„ at half thj usurt. time. AnvicE to Mothers!— Are yon broken in your rest by a Bick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mas. Winslow's Sootiiixo Syrup. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tho little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Sirs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is, X {d. per bottle. Ghosts. — An at ten pt is beiDg made in the old country to revive the belief in visitarit frem another world, and many are the wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Mnrlry's ghost : ' How do 1 know that jou are rot a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghoflt producers, a bitof ' heavy' brend is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adept tho sorest spell against phostn by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder ill making bp-ad : for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in tho most admiiahlc fashion. Evory wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good bousewise buy6 it. To Clean and I'beseeve silver IIlecteo -Plate, &a;— Oakey's (London) Kon-Meucueial Silversmith's Soap ib guaranteed to be free from mercury or any injurious ingredients too often used in the Manufacture of plate powder, and is coM in packets by storekeepers gcuerally. — [ADVT.1 Small Capitalists wishing tr Establish a Business should we if there is an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tbeir district. All information and receipts for the purpose .i making Lemonade, Soda Water, ftc., is given previous knowledge is not necessary. The .lemand for these drinks is so much on tbe in crease, in all parts of tbe world, that theoutlay for the machinery in all c:.scs leads to a profi ablc and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be hhv. at the office of this paper on nayment of Is, — Baenett and Fosteu, Engi neers 230, Forstou Btreet. London, N. 'Mat Good Digestion wait on Appktitk, says Shakespeare, but ' good digestion ' will never wiiit upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest iruporl:incethal in ranking bread one shon'd use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through lo' g use in households throughout tho world Foremost amongst these must be reckoned 1 I'o! wick 'a Gold iiiidal baking 1' owder,' which hud slood the tesl in every climate of the world Get it, use it, and add your testimony to that of - he millions who praise it. 