AOTA- POPULL By the FiiAneub. ' Anil Sam'uol said :' ' Saroly you soo him whom the LouJ h«,t]a ohoi»on,that. thero is nono liko him among all tho 'peoplo.' And tho pooplo oriocl out and said ;' 1 God save tho King.* ' ,-,',-,.? . — Kings 1. ? ' C!ob eayo tho JKing of , tho Catholic Ohuroh in this V^Uvna^Tkah of ours, was the ory of the people oDjlaBfc .Monday week, whon the noble prelatefl^whom; the; Lord hath chosen' steppod forfch,.tq5. tloea , and ombraco his warm-hearted, loy^gsoplein jIt,waB a day of days indeed, for V(ithqufc;t}iQ olighteBt exaggeration one can safely Bay«U?l6JP».Erbefore. . yr&a; any man so greatly hononj&o;) mrjfche; land, and never did any body of eifcigenflfslipw ,,to- .more advantage than did our Oabkpjip^friends rbyvtheir,. unbounded display of ent4ft0ia|Bi-r[:.'refi!9ied:; and tempered, as ife waQj^jby^ fche0T , utmost ; peace and harmony. AlI?ifch,0^c£qul ? ;oalumnies that have been ? heaped upoa the. Catholic body in thi3 glorious land wore BWOptftp. the winds by tho Chriatian-liko bohaviour of '4ie;Wf.r,£a- hearted thousands who thronged to do honour, fco their nov; prelabo, and even thoir bifcfcareau . persecutors had to otand aoido and ad° miringly whisper, ' Behold those Oafholieo how thejUoya one another. ' Every pofcfcy libtlo jea lon^ypand dispute wore buvicd ' deopor than did eve^jilummet sound' on that glad occasion, and the. geopio, joined in one hoai'l; and soul, seemed to c&vq; for naught else but tho glory of thoir reli gion, [and the homage juBfcly due to fcheir new ex=- pounder of it. It was a day that will live for evormtho history of this lovely land, and it was alifce-an honour to our noble prelate, and a oredit fco gil^jfho. assembled to about thoir glad ceod mill^ailbls' a to him. AtterG'tiib FeeemAN'3 graphio aeoount of the day's'dolnga, nothing is loft in that line for any other 'aciiD'e' 'to touch upon, and the universal ory of tjBooe w|ib have read the brilliant description ia, ' AJi H£ .VWhat'll the people in the old country Bay^wHen'athey;read that lot?' Personally, I don'^ tBinK- they'll say very much for a few minute's aftor'its perusal, for then* own concern will* be to oatoh their exhausted breath, and to jab.fprkBrintp ; their ;:-legs to aaoerfcain if they are w$gawaketqrpnlydreaminjj. And yet there is not a word, vpfj . exaggeratipn in a single line thoreof . Injippintjof; fact, the- writer has barely done suiBqient/] justice, to one portion, of tho pro graiame,'-iYiz.,r.that in. vjhich he referred to fehei40-horse^po.wer, lif t-the-hajr-pf-your-hoad-off invisiqal^pdrformanoe,, ..of the patriotio Mr. Pa^jjKajUjS; .cprnefc,,, player,, who, if he was pRJ&xj-;|l& the; hour; on that reception morn, ^Mfcn-i^y^n^^sp,^ I^it1? a li^le fortune. jjf-g.jxi^ainjs ;- rpqtle [tootle tootling .incident ro minded.rf.Bae; :o^.a aoft-hearted,- good-natured, old duj|er whq ;WapioBBioking- about on a certain dig-, giQgSjjind^hose name was Peter Sohlager. Peter it app,ears.ihad!nevler0 beheld, a burial Ber vice enacted ' until jOflpi day^jho^happened to be put shooting pri1rapt9,j.andirseeing!..(i mournful cortege passing ?^SJfifi'jfeSeiQlSSAA1!1,'-?^ 9^ ouviofiity and stood near (;lip;,^av(§,;niJIijrWa8,a specialiy sad affair, booauso tli^ytj^ief naournor. ,was ,a lady who was now bury ^r^^k?iri?,?^F^'^l??,^^ranr4^a?l?''i, tbe faintest i^^[plyir^t,bQ,ilopkr.for,,;.anothor. Peter was fto.uwl}ed,at,Oi;vthe hearlfa core on seoing her grief, .£§$' S?!.t|j ??a-- ibarning .desire to, do something to ? ?'.-. eq&spl;^fcta^afiliciied woman, ho slid quietly over toa-where.- she. knelt, and swallowing down tho hgetqria ball in his throat, exclaimed :' Missus — ai^oiJjdoan mint it mooob, I would like to loan ygUjfee.phillinV' It was all the money Peter ??]jaj|t.^aadithe ; only form of sympathy ho could tl^^pLsjt the,, time. So it'Vas, I presume, with. ?' oijgftigjepdL, Kain. '.His heart was bursting fc9.^§q^otjjiBg,8ympathelio with the occasion on ^Jajown. .account, and so he hired a leather-lunged p^atq^lbOj blast .out the whole of Moore's melodies with,., an occasional selection from the corroboree rajisic-rOf our own blackfellows thrown in just to g^erbho. concern a colonial flavour. Thia com ? j^sadablo spirit filled tho hearts of high and low, '^d.i^wiU never forget tho wild delight of a goi1 ^ail&^d/essed daughter of Eric, who had a pair q| Wnmplike. Professor Miller, and -who, as his G-/?.po 'Strnca 'the Circular Quay, brought her V'XiUSiiSl iiSHiXi vi; j: '? ? , n - , . ?:, ? y-iiMU^Xiiirip , gingham down on my devotod head, ' r^^^i'med)'u.Ob,.glory be t' us ull, young 'rs'rtfi, &utTijWef; thafv-'tull'av joy that I oould liist ;;ua.in up an' ate ye. For her own sake I moved -tih ^auap^ehel'doke^'as if 'she moant what oh'e arau,:'n».a OB I had & pair of spurs on at tho time. Z^j$$tvjj-id-. ':'.I: would ' disagree with; her internal ? '? r^nari&us;^'' : ;''*' ^?'?''-'''—-' '?' ?'????? , -,'..????? 'To fn'sl/reftiize fcho inarvelloua spread o£ Oa fSftlJcihj in fchio wonderful land of oars, one se* ? . : : qu|i;03;^'; turn bis thoughts back to the good old 5%^ of 1803, when the first Catholic priest, '';* ^'tt&l;'^lWi:;-'-W^i''Bix6h, arrived, -oad:if or the flrab .v.^j'ff- -A.uifciiaKa oifered up the Holy Saorillce of ;;. -'.:$k :.^'?e.. ;,: VBighty-jone yewrs ia not such a very long time after all — in fact, in the age of a nation, it is but the fraction of a second, and yot how inuoh has been done Oufe her8 for our grand old religion in those few years ! Father IHxou'b re cepiion wu3 not unduly demonstrative. Ho thousands thronged the wharf to woloomo his arrival j no cornot tootler made glad his soul with the classical straino of ?' Tathor'd Jack Welsh,' or 'Tho Wind that Shakos the Barley,' and no muscular Christian of tho female persuasion felt fit to ' ato' her unoffonding noighbonrs for joy when first he landed on our shorea. A couple of thb Water Police of. the time pointed out a hut whore hie could ' dump his kit/' as they poetically; observed, and a few of the Nubianblacking blpoded lords of tho soil walked familiarly up and desired fco be informed if ho was in a position to ' gib it glars 'rum/* or /'picoanihny bit o' that feller 'baoba,' and it requires no ?stretch of ' imagination to picture the lonely feelings of that poor, priest aa he knelt by the eido of his rude sheot-o'»bark bod that night and prayed for lifcrongth to enable him to struggle successfully in this virgin vineyard of the Southern Soas; His prayer was heard, and (the. seed then sown has multiplied a thousahd-fofd already. With the exoeption of Government House, there was nothing in the land in those days worth balling a building, and it was this which led a oertain Spanish captain, who strayed into port one day, to utter a ocathing rebuke to tho English authorities of the time when he said to Governor Phillip, ' It surprises me to find you have no ohurch horo, for it is tho custom of my country to honour God first, and the Governor afterwards.' Seven teen yeai'G afcer Father Dison arrived, that Francis Xavior of Australia, the Eev. Father Therry, first set foot on these shoreB, and taking up tho good cause'.with super-human zeal, laid the firm foundation of that faith which has since so grandly prospered. Hardly had he landed when he was informed by tho Sir 'Bnry Parkes of the day that he was ' on no aeeount to interfere with tho instruotion of children in Government schools,' and, furthermore, that he would be required to give thirty days' notice before he would bo allowed to celebrate Mass. Catholicity was just toleratod then, and no more ; the opinion of tho State authorities being that it would die out in a oouple of, years, and was ; there fore not worth . while disputing over. But they reckoned without their host, for in a. a year after Father Therry's landing (November 1821), the foundation-stone of St. Mary's Oathedraj was laid, and from that moment the success of the Catholic cause was placed beyond a doubt. It was a tremendous event in the new land too, and the style our first newspaper, the Sydney Gazette, alluded to it clearly proves the sturdy little band of BomanB were beginning to put on airs, and rather guessed they were astonishing the world a trifle by the grandeur of the day's pro ceedings. / According to the, old Gazette, 'a mat assemblage of respectable persons (probably about 208) took place on Monday last at the E portion of Hyde Park, when Governor Macquarie, who was provided with a silver troioel, laid the foundation-stone of a Cathedral to be called St. ''Mary's. Father Therry preaohed an eloquent; sermon, and the Governor also spoke, and said he had ever found Catholics to be loyal and faith ful subjects to tho Crown.' That was a tro inondous par. for those days, and we can easily imagine the flimple- heartod joy with which our worthy old progenitors mailed their marked Gazettes homo to their friends, and like our selves with the Fbeeman of Saturday last, won dered aloud what the people in the old country would think of that burst of wild, religious revelry Nine years more andour religion had made such rapid strides .that tho sorviops' of Dr. Ullatborco and that othe'r grand old Caihoiic, pioneer, Father M^Bncroe,; were required, and from the moment they arrived, Catholicity spread with all tho speed of a oleanBing. bush fire throughout tho land, until the apex of . its greatness wa3 reached on last Monday week in the universal greeting whioh welcomed. our new Arohbishop, Dr. Moran. To ; say that Dr. Moran has made himself a general favourito with all sinoe Iub arrival hero is quite uhnecesoary^ oa the people had made up itheir minds to love him, no matter who or what ?he1 was,' for it is one of the secrets of tho success iof the Church of Rome that its people look, nob ;to the man, but to the' sacred nature of his office : At tho same time, however, even as a private man,.Dr. Moran is already universally esteemed, not only for his intense zeal for religion, his vast learning, and other sterling acquirements, but also for hia kind-hoarled, genial bearing to all, and tho resolute way he set about bis dutieo from the very inomont of his landing. Convents, schools, hospitalo, and ottisr publio institutions have been the oonobant objoct of his oeareh jhid dooro are daily besieged by all classes, and to everyone ho .Via the game Hffublo, good humoured prelate ? dooming'nobhirig too arduous or too lowly ftp. deserve his sympathy ...and aid# The list on his official' programme ia extremely large already, and takes in all manner of subjectsi down to tbo loading of a disastrous oampaign against our breeches pockets in the shape_of a St. Peter's bazaar, for whioh the irrepressible Dean Flanagan han eoeured the promise of his- Grace's opening-day assistance. How's our -xnodoBt, unaoauming friend Sir 'Bnry Parkos Jogging along to-day, did you ask ? Oh he's fepZ-lpliah,. thank yq.u, and just at prosont ho is, , I ; believe, buaily employed filing up bio tooth, and getting, a; sheet-iron lining fisod round his stomaohin ordor to enable him to do juctioo :to a grand'BpontaneouB breakfast which is to ba tenderod to him' shortly by tho Local Option League, a noble band, with which, by the vaj, Sir 'Enry; has about as much roal sympathy as a To'm cab has for one of Wigzcli'o shower bathe. Anyone can guess how that binjie-bursting shivoo will eventuate. Brother Murray will fill the ohair ; moderate drinkor Abigail will load the orators ? Brother Jamieoon will — no-— that is wrong — ho won't — he's clean out of this lot— - Brother Holdsworth will help the disliinguiohed guest to a little more marmaladOj and make him sea-siok with gingGr-beer ; and the sanctimonious John Davieo will sweetly smilo on all around. After the tarts and othor flour fixingu havo gone the way of all good things, when oho Local Option crowd are hanging round, Sir 'Envy will rise and tell hio entertainers plainly that ho is not a Local Optioner afc all. Bad they mustn't calculate on him as a champion yet ; and then he will carefully remind them that they are doing him honour solely for his past Goi-viceo to the country. These aro his loudest cries oiuoo ho roturned, and hia re markuble ansioty to 'aifc on a rail' fco-day recallo the talo told of a cautious old cubo who lived during the American Civil War, and who came to tho oonclueion that the fewer dealings he had with either Bido tho more beneficial it would be for his own good health and prospeots. One day his house waa well fiilod with Federal Boldiero, and some of tho warriors gay began to incon veniently oatechiao the old man as to his politio&l; faith and teachings. ' What air' yev?, kurnil, anyway,' said one of the boys j 'air yew a reb P' '* No I ain't a reb,' said the wary ancient bird. ' Well, d'ye fit' for the Union, then P' inquired another. 'Wo, I don't,' replied tho other '5 Wai, if yer neither reb nor Union/' exclaimed the first man, ' what in the name of sulphur air yew P' '? Look here, friend,' said the old man . «f the honest fact is I'm nothin'atall just now, an' I'm deuced little of that either.' Sir 'Hnry.'s case appears to be the same. He has heard and seen enough to toll him that there are 'parlous times' in store for someone, but the result of the coming struggle is too undecided yet to enable him to make up his ncind as to whioh is the safest side to; fight on. At the Loyal Orange demonstration a few days ago, he asked his Boyne water friends to plainly understand that he was not an Orangeman himself ; that he would be equally ploasod to receive an address from the Eoman Catholics of the: colony as he was; to re oeivethe one from the Orangemen ; and above all things, he sgain implored them to remember that the honour they were then paying him was not in consideration of any future favours (for alas ! he was now but a poor, uninfluential man like them selves), but it was simply a slight recognition of the past services he had so ably rendered to his country in the palmy days when Parkes was king, and the Kiama Ghost his prophet. Touch' ing the educational trouble the wily old fox ob° served : ' If persons who objected to tho passage of the present Publio InBtrucfcion Act ai'o eineore in Ihoir principlosj of course they will eoize tho first op portunity that presents ibaelf to carry them out, and we muot not ooraplain of that. It ia just what wo should do ouroelvoa. But you who think that tho law is oound and good — you must nob sleep upon your dutiec. You who value tho thing in poBSOsaion ohould bucklo on your armour and de tormino not to aurrondor it. (Loud cheers.) You ohould dotermino with aa much energy, and as much Bkiil in the management of your own pub lic affairs to maintain what you bolievo is tho birthright of your children.' Isn't it truly lovely ? Wouldn't he like a new denominational oruar.de ? For tho first time in his life, perhaps, he throws the unfortunate first person, singular ovorboard, and emphatically says, ' You must buokle on your armour— yon must determino— yon must be watohful,' and in fact you must help yourselves the best way you can until I can eeo my way dear to make stepping* otonoB to my loefc power of yourselves and your achomoa and troubles. Quite vighb too, fof thero is little rod lore.. on oithor side, and Sir 'iSnry'o admirers aro those of whom the grim old Bomafi satirist saug, and who, With Imivo ' bucks, solicit to be beat, Aud merit such u Moud and' such a treat. 