PORTING NOTES. Tit. tt JBfln Jrrwrnt» >!t m»tingod hffair T SBt,!ri3®7 Mm ®!8"> with tho il„ . ,ovor "fniwood. To "art »t cjrtnin h,°® a|Wi,ed tho races to ?a''tarloci anv..L c,> Bn!' »ol n situjln mee ?f "H tegall# L„!r"MV "ll' Mnio advertised. J"1 ''tat to ,,iok ** ' gone »p tl,o viver i,eJ" cWnot W P''t":b!'> «mw, *p?ter "u*tH rl u bcc0 I""r:> '"ccessllll. gatta j?ot tjint tlioro w»j not a certain amountof doubt aa.to what raco was being rowed, and as to wboworo tbe competitors, and who the onlookers Surely some arrange* raent could be come to as to keeping the course clear, and signalling the numborof the|raoo. 'J he regatta committee will probably have come to the conclusion by this time that to organise a regatta, race meeting, exhibition, or crickot mutch requires a deal moro tact and skill than appears to the ordinary observer. Howovor, one man has dono well out of the business, namely, iianlan. The weights for the Metropolitan 8takes and the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap werad.o'ared on Monday last. Malua and le Grand diri:e the honours for top weight in the Metropolitan Stakes, though wby Le Grand should have the import of 9 st. 3 lbs. is tome inoomprohenrible. Martini Henry comes next with 3 lbs. le6s. and eeom«iobe in his right vl*co. The ill used Sweet William, with 8 st 7 lbs , will probably ruu in liia usual place, though Jessie, with 8 st 3 lbs. should bo dangerous. The speedy Muroney has beou put rather far up tha list with 7 et. 9 lbs. if Walsh can only m*ko Gipsy King stay on the course, 6 st 7 lbs. should not hinder him much. In the Hawkes bury Grand Handicap Martini- Henry heads th'e list with 9 st 5 lbs Sweet William is given 2 lbs. more than in tho Metropolitan, so he will have another grievance to add to his list. In the Melbourne Oup weights the handicapper has very properly put Commotion at the top of the tree with the crusher of 9 st. 12 lbs, Malua coming nextwith 9 st. 9 lbs., giving ho Grand 5 lbs. Welcome Jock and Martiui-Henry are put on even terms, though 1 don't think th^ 7 lbs. would bring them together myself. I see "The Agent," a horse who twelve months ago was pulling a buggy after him, iB now well up on the list with 6 st. 10 lbs. I hear that the Townsville Turf Club have purchased two of Franck's patent totalisstors ; they are oortainly far and away the best totali sators that have been invented as jet. The first cost is considerable, but I eipicb the Towns ville Turf Club will find them a very profitable invcetmont. The date of the Maryborough annual races has been fixed for ihe 14th end 15th of August. The added money tots up to 500 eovs., the two j principal races being the Maryborough Handi cap of 120 sovs- and another of 75 bovb. From files to hand I extr-ici tho follcwing:— A letter on bookmakers and betting has evoked an article from tho St. James's Gatette, of which tho following is an extract:—"In ' p.p.' belting the ring have leisure aod oppor tunity to bet * all round.1 They can mako safer, when a race is in tho market for days or weeks before it is run. Their transactions in such cases are less of a gambling nature and moro like insurance. In all cases the ring lay loss than the (supposed) odds. If a horse has a 5 to I chance ihey expect to luy only 4 to 1, and so on. Insurance is ear ned on upon the same principle. A man insures his house or underwrites Ms ship —this means that ho backs hip house to be burnt or his ship to sink. The office or under writer lays him odds against the event The layer of odds expects to give Jesj than the mathematically correct odds - else how is be to make his profit, and-to pay his rent, clerk a, and interest on his capital, to say nothing of his own time and trouble ? The total premium receipts of |insuranoe offices must be in excess of their payment on loses*; equally—the total bete won by the ring in a year must be in ex cess of the total won by backers. If it were not so, neither insuranceofficeB nor book making would existas a trade." The Irish special correfponient to the Lou don Sporting Life, in a late issue, tells that fcbore was some very novel racing on T ord Mayo's demesne, tho meeting being officially described as the"Palmerston Pony Sports and Gym Khana Meeting.". In order that I may not in the smallest way misunderstand the managerial interest in one raco, I will give type to the actual article itself. Here it is" iCil lashea Oup, for ponios; c.tch weights; start to bo made with saddle off; rider to have coat, waistcoat, and braces off; when the flag drops the pony to be saddled, and a cigar to be lighted, and the race to start; the winner to be the first man who passes the post with cout and w. utc;at properly on, all tbo buttons of the waistcoat buttoned, braces buttoned, and cigar still alight; in lighting cigar fuses not to be allowed; first receives t'3 second £2 Onoe round." iio w ingenious ? The thoroughbred sire, Scamp, recently im ported from Knglaud by Mr. Lopez, and after wards purchased by Mr." John Lye, for fifteen hundred guineas, has died of inflammation Scamp was formerly the property of Sir John Astley, and was tho winner of many races at home. The Ghost, which won tho Ladies' Trophy at fuiilfield, Victoria, on Saturday, June 21st, is by Hamlet—Mystery, and is the property of the gentleman who races under tbo name of " J. G. Rtid." Two coincidences in connection with this race are worthy of nolo; The Bracelet has been won two years consecutively by animals bouritjg the name of Ghost, last year's wiuner being Mr. Weekend roae, by Tre gcaglo—Ada ; and tho Hon. William Posrson has obtained tho second Bracelet two years running—hist season with Tiddingtou, and on Saturday with Primus, who idsy finished second for the Richmond Baudfcnp. 