COSMO GORDON. BOOK EL—CHAP DEB VIII. MR, JUFP MAKES A CALL. After much self-communing Mr. Jupp bad come to a resolve. To a certain extent he was in a more cheerful frame of mind—comparatively only, as -ret beside his former condition of abject r.ioery—than he had been since Miss Robineti-i informed him of Margaret Haviland's departure from Mere Hall. He had gone through that unpleasant mental process we most of us have to face at various times in our lives. called "thinking it out." And he had thought it out in this wise : He had suffered a great deal over the matter. Heaven only knew what plans he had formed for Margaret's happiness—what dreams he had dreamt, what visions he had Eeen. Well, well, all that was at an end ; all the " might have beens," that had seemed such fair sweet things, lay scattered and dead around him like so many blown and withered leaves fallen from the parent tree, and with just as little chance of ever couiing to life again. Still, thought Mr. Jupp, looking at the matter in its most practical light (as might have been expected, from a thorough man of business) it might have been worse. Not the disappointment—that felt as if it couldn't; very well be worse; but it might have come in a different form. Margaret might have married him, and then he might have lived to find out, too late, that she did not love him ; that luxury had tempted her on the one hand, and the idea of netting away from—well, from "Jezebel," in fact, on the other. He might have lived to feel the heart so near his own beat fast and thick at the sound of another's name, to eee the beautiful cheek that it was his right to touch with tender reverent lips grow pale at the sight of a man well loved and uaforgotten. No, not" lived," for such living would be but a living death. Now he knew all the troth, and the truth was bitter. Still, most of ns would rather fight with an open enemy than a false friend. In the one case the contest may wage ever so hotly, but it is honest warfare; in the other we live on a surface that is undermined ; "we live and move and have our being" amid gins and snares, while all around ns are quagmires, grass ana flowers above, black smothering mud below. | (Mr. Jnpp had no wish to find himself living m a marsh land of this description, even if it presented all the outward Bemblance of the Elyeian Fields. He knew the worst now, and knowing it made him feel as if the sunshine of the world would never be so bright again for him, as if that gorgeoue^" place of his would always seem something of a failure—always have about it the air of a setting that lacked the central gem. It was strange, indeed, how love and Buffering had refined the man both in body and mind. Sir Peyton had not been wrong in fancying that that excess of apparel which had hitherto stamped the successful merchant as one of a class in whom the love of finery is inherent, was toning down. Mr. Jnpp was no fool, and though it took him some time to "put his finger," as he termed it, on the exact spot where the difference lay, he was quick enongh to recognise that some vast difference did exist between himself and such men as Mervyn Power and|Cosmo Gordon. What he had_ at first" been ready to set down as " shabbiness" in them he gradually came to look upon as the " right thing," and the result was that he became less glaringly wealthy, and everBO much more like a gentleman—not that he was not always at heart as true a gentleman as ever Btepped. It v as not that£the metal, was not sound and good, but that it wanted polishing, and what " rubber" is so excellent a polisher as self-forgetf ulness ? Mr. Jupp was so full of the thought of some one else at this psriod of his life that his own importance, his success, his income, everything that went to the making up of that wonderful thing, a self-made man, faded into the " background of his life and mind," and he was worth "double the money," in a mental point of view, than he had been before he knew and loved Margaret Haviland. He had come to a resolve, and the resolve was this: Since Margaret could not marry him he should like to place himself in such a position as to be able to help her to marry that " other fellow" whom she liked better. Without coming to any very definite conclusion as to what he meant to do with) it when he got it, Mr. Japp made un his mind that he would " somehow" (and that without raising the suspicions or curiosity of either Sir Peyton or his wife, without even confiding his design to Miss Bobinette), obtain the full and particular address of Captain Cosmo Gordon, A.D.C. to General Grantley, at present stationed somewhere—Mr. Jupp had not the ghost of an idea where—in India; one of those British possessions of which both the export and import trade were highly advantageous to the " backbone of the mother country, a land that had some years back been made disturbed and agitated by the mutinous conduct of itB aborigines, a state of matters that would never have come about if all the people sent out there had been sensible business men, too much engrossed by trade and its responsibilities either to meddle or quarrel, instead of "feather-headed, strike-a-light young fire-eaters," like—well, in short, like Ensign Juniper—whom Mr. Jupp was now on his way to visit at the Latchford Barracks., He didn't like calling upon Ensign Juniper in the least. He said to himself that, "as a rule,"-he hated military men—never having spoken to one in his life except Cosmo Gordon. All the same he was determined to do thii thing. The morning was windy, with that sort of sportive windiness that seems to see something exquisitely droll in trying to blow a mans hat off at the corner of every street, and,' if possible, chase it across the ioad into the mud-heap left by the scavengers at the other side. So the weather irritated Mr. Jupp to begin with. He eame out of that luxurious counting-houseof his—you entered it just by the great door of those vast works that boomed and banged and whirred all the blessed day, as if every strap and wheel of the lot had gone stark- staring mad — looking "a bit peppersome," as the foreman afterwards remarked. Mr. Jupp was not ^he sort of man to be always riding or driving because he happened to have horses and carriages in abundance.. He considered walking the most healthy exercise of all, and was a great pedestrian. Therefore ne set off barracks wards this windy afternoon, cramming his hat well on his head, and looking defiantly at the world in general, a thine one is very apt to do when carrying out an unpleasant resolve. He had to pass-through the town of Latchford, and.juBt opposite old Blenkinsop's the wind made a regular "Btand and deliver? attack upon his ha*. Mr. Jupp fonght hard for victory, and gained it. He also gained the nonce of Blenkinsop, that worthy man displaying himself and a vast convex surface of enow-white apron at the same time, on the doors t> j) of his shop, -venturing to express a hope that Mr. Jupp was well, and bowing trith as much grace as obesity permitted of. Then Mr._ Blenkinsop returned to the shelter of hia counter, where Mr. Finch— looking very much as if the testimonial had been presented, without the cake—was indnlging in the luxury of a sausage-roll. " Mr. Jupp is looking hill, sir," said Blenkinsop with terrific emphasis on the misplaced consonant; -f ve-ry hill, and no mistake. It is said to be a trouble of the •Jart." " Dear me, I hope not," said Mr. Finch, much concerned-for a person so charitable ; '' heart disease"— "It 's thetender passion I'm meaning, sir, not "the wisible 'art," put in Blenkinsop; •'Mr. Jupp, so it is said, fell in love with a young lady as was staying at Mere Hall, and It proved to be unrequited.''- . "Ah!" sighed poor Mr. Finch, who had had his troubles in that line, though in his case the boot was on the other leg, which is. however, itTnust be confessed, a coarse ana unfeeliiSg way of alluding to the embarrassing tendrea*e displayed towards him by the bnlliant relict of " the late Captain StUlfox." ies, sir,' continued Blenkinsop, gravely important, "and there's no manner of doubt but its preyin' on 'im. He looks just like & man who might have an extermination of blood to the 'ed at any minute. Now who/' said Blenkinsop, leaning forward in a confidential attitude across the counter—and seeming to crush himself painfully in the procees—"who do you suppose, Mr. Finch, would henter into possession of that huge fortune of his if Mr. Jupp passed away suddenly ?" Mr. Finch swallowed a piece of sausageroll the wrong way in his dismay at the funereal and ghastly nature of this discourse, Bnd chokedBO obstinately that he felt as if he might be going to suffer from an " extermination" of some Kind or other. "That's it; there, sir, now you're better ; victuals is things as won't be drove. You must humour 'em, more especially pastry, which is ticklesome when caught across the throat end-wise. Try a glass of lemonade ! _ 2£J0 ?. Some water, Carry; a glass of water for the Rev. Finch. Well, as I was saying, who would, do you suppose—ahem !—inhprit?" " I'm sure I don't know," said Mr. Finch feebly. He hadn't recovered from his choking i ! I ! ! j ' i I j ' I ' | t I fit yet; and at all times he went in great fear of Blenkinsop. Like most quiet silent people he shrank from the wordy and outspoken ; and besides, the weekly bills for his simple lodging and slender board had to "stand over" sometimes, and then the thought of that mighty expanse of white apron, that rubicund countenance and high white cap, all'of which things went to make up Blenkinsop, were terrible to think of. " Well, I don't know neither; but I'm fond of specerlating, not in cash, nor yet in the trade" (this with a graceful wave of the hand towards the various delicacies displayed around) " but in hideas, and seeing Mr. Japp look so'" I "111?" suggested Mr. Finch. "Just so," replied the other, baulked of his "li," and looking as if he rather thought he were being played a trick upon; "just so; ! it set me off wonderin' about his ' sole heirs ana hassignces,' as the law has it." " He has no relations ?" put in Mr. Finch, who had finished the sausage-roll, and was carefully dusting the crumbs off his clerical overcoat. "None that ever I heerd on," said Blenkinsop, "except a huncle as lives hard by Lancaster. He's a farmer in a small kind of way, and but a sorry sort, take him altogether, as I hear." " Drinks ?" suggested Mr. Finch, apologetically. ( To be continued. J 