WHAT IS THOUGHT OF US IN ENGLAND. A private letter received from London by the last mail, written in April by a gentleman having large interests in Australia, has been been shown to us as affording interesting matter for contemplation on this side of the world. We publish some extracts, presuming that we must not necessarily be understood to endorse the opinions expressed. The writer says - "I have been afforded the opportunity of reading some numbers of the Queensland 'Hansard,' and am sorry to say that the course taken by the Government on the coolie and kanaka question, and on the railway question, has condemned Mr Griffith and his colleagues in the eyes of all old colonials, as well as of all officially connected with the colonies. As to the two first, he is held to have made it ap- parent that he won the general election under false pretences. With regard to the railway question, it seems evident that the whole action of the Government was due to spite against the late Ministry, and a desire to please the squatters. The financial statement caps all. It takes people's breath away here to find the Treasurer talk of floating a loan for £2,000,000 this year to clear the way for more extended operations at the latter end of it. " Mr Hemmant's position is not a pleasant one. He is the representative of the worst proceedings of the Ministry, for of all their acts the treatment of Mr Thomas Archer was the least excusable. He was universally regarded as an upright and popular man, while Mr Hemmant was only known on account of his charges against your late Premier. To every- body here the placing Hemmant in Archer's place was so preposterously unfair that the Acting Agent-General was viewed with sus- picion and distrust. It will be difficult for the Government to retrace that false step, for no one thinks they will have the wisdom to rein- state Archer. " I sincerely trust the forthcoming Austra- lian loans will be a success, especially that of Queensland. So far as the money market is concerned, everything is favourable. Queens- land stands very high among the colonies, thanks to the action of her late Government ; and trade is so bad here that there is an immense amount of money seeking investment. The Bank of England being in- trusted with your loan is in some respects an advantage, but, in others the reverse. Depend upon it, the Bank of England will not take the trouble that your National Bank did last year to prevent a failure. The force of this remark may not be seen in regard to the last loan floated, because the time is so good for that purpose, but it will be seen afterwards. While hoping and believing your next loan will be a success, I am satisfied there will be a hitch with the following one. So far as finance is concerned, your new Government have had wonderful luck. This time last year Queens- land had not the ghost of a chance of floating a big loan. Now any colony can place one. " The more I go among people here the more do I find what a profound impression the elec- tion of your Speaker has made. Often now I hear disagreeable allusions to Queensland as the "convict colony," where old exiles are so numerous that they are deemed worthy of situations of honour in Parliament and else where. I don't think anything ever done by an Australian Ministry so damaged the colony in the eyes of the English people as that un- fortunate appointment of your Speaker. There is a feeling abroad, however, that it was the desperate work of an extreme party, and Mr Griffith as its head has aroused the detestation of all Queenslanders here. I am quite sure Mr Hemmant must regret having accepted his appointment, for the respect usually paid to an Agent-General is not paid to him either at the Colonial Office or anywhere else. It is stated on good authority that he con- sidered, after his reports were received in the colony as to the condition of the office, that Mr Archer would be allowed to resume work after his leave had expired. " Queensland is the favourite here of all the colonies. The American States of Georgia and Florida are very like Queensland in climate, and it is wonderful the amount of good settle- ment that is going on in them-I mean of farmers with capital who, from the competition in grain and meat with foreign countries, are forced to leave England. Some of my friends are interested much in these countries, and I often come across their emi- grants. They would all prefer coming to Queensland. America is not at all popular with farming capitalists on a small scale, but they do not see their way to farming in Queensland. The change in farming in England is very noticeable in the last few years. You can travel for miles in places through grass fields which I remember to have been all under grain. Grain, with the Ameri- can, Russian, and Indian competition does not pay the farmer, whose only hope is meat. When I tell them the inevitable quantity that must in the next few years be sent from Aus- tralia they look very hopeless." 