Waiting for the Promise of the Father. The return of that season of the year, when it is customary to commemorate in a manner more or less marked, the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the disciples on the day of Pentecost, renders it fitting that we should refer to an event of the very highest significance in the establishment of the early Christian Church, and the lessons of supreme practical important® which it teaches. Among the last words of our Saviour before the ascension were these," Behold I send the promise of my Father upon you; but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high." Obedient to their Master's command they waited, not in careless indifference, but in consecration, earnest prayer and confident expectation. Ten days passed—their obedienoe was tested, their hearts prepared for the reception of the great blessing, and they were then filled with the Holy Ghost In one respect the promise of the Eather was received once for all; for the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the day of Pentecost marked the beginning of the dispensation of the Spirit, since which fcimo it has been the universal privilege of the Church of Christ, and of each believer, to be endued with power from on high; but at tht' same time, m order to realize all the blessings thereby placed^ wxthm the reach of _the Christian Church, and the ChnBtm^ tehever. there must be a personal for ^ folBlment of the promise of the Holy B p . . , , ' , It is of the highest fm^f"^ «» ™tice ^d 'ealize that there is a Pentecostal blessing for every beUevBr to come upon them after they *» believers. The fulness of the Spirit is not, except . r . a r 0 instances, givenin conversion, although a foretaste 18 gi^n then. When we look at what has been our * experience fromtime to time, in many cases, and then contemplate _the New Testament representation of ChrL ,tlal1 e *P enenC0 > shall be forced to allow that there is. ^mething wrong— that somehow or other we are not fa.™® the divine plan in our experience and lives. It """J* b ® B source of comfort and hope for us to coi. t81tler t ? at th .° secret of this comparative failure in our e x perience is just this—we are not endued with power froi.* 11 on , ® through the descent upon us of a full baptis ™ ?" Holy Ghost. One passage out of many is suflt. Clenfc . t0 establish tliis position—"He that believeth on Me.®® fc "! Scriptures hath said out of his belly shall flow rive^* 8 living water. But this spake He of the Holy Gho.' sfc > which those who believe on Him were to receive, for th^ Holy Ghost was not yet given, because that Jesus was not yet glorified." If then rivers of living water do not flow from our souls—our love, joy, and peace in believing are not full and overflowing, it is because we have not received the Holy Ghost since we believed, in a measure as full as it is God's good pleasure that we should. This provision for fulness of spiritual power is then the privilege of each believer, and forms the subject of that" promise of our Father " now made to •every believer in Jesus. Our Saviour's words are " He that believeth," that is every one that believeth; and agsiin, " If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father, who is in heaven, give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him ?" We are brought face to face then with this blessed (ruth of the Scriptures, that there is a full baptism of the Holy Spirit to be enjoyed by every believer. If whbn we first believed in Jesus we were not so filled •with the Holy Ghost, that since then we have been able, and are now able, to " rejoice evermore, pray without ceasing, and in everything give thanks," then there is for all of us a fuller baptism of the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Holiness, to be obtained through faith in Jesus, for He has Himself declared:—"He that believeth on Me, out of him shall flow rivers of living water." And not only is this the doctrine of the Scriptures, but it is a doctrine verified in the experience of multitudes of Christian believers. The experience of thousands of God's people has been somewhat as follows:—after for some time serving Christ, and enjoying a good measure of the peace of God, and being in some degree instrumental in leading others to Christ, they have realized from the teaching of the Scriptures that some fuller blessing was in store for them. They have sought that blessing with earnest prayer, and, obtaining it, their lives have taken on forms of blessedness and usefulness, altogether unknown before. The subject of waiting for this promise comes then before us. How may we realize that blessedness which we find to be our privilege. We find our answer to this question by considering the way in which the disciples waited for the promise of the Father. In their attitude while waiting for the ten days we notice these principles—1. Full consecration. Separating themselves from worldly concerns, they yielded themselves fully to that power of God which they expected to come upon them. 2. Answering prayer. They continued in prayer and supplication. 3. Confident expectation. They placed implicit trust in the Saviour's promise. When their earnestness and faith in God were tested the blessing came ; upon the same conditions God will do for us individually the same thing. And what has been said about an individual enjoyment of this baptism of power, may be said with regard to a collective enjoyment of it. We have no hesitation in maintaining that as Christian churches, we are not acting in full accordance with God's plan for the salvation of the world. It is true a great deal of spiritual power rests upon us, but the effectiveness of the Christian churches is sorely interfered with by the weakness, worldliness, and selfishness, and timidity of professors! How different would be the effectiveness of the church were the Holy Spirit to come upon believers in its fulness. Now this may be. Fulfil the conditions, and the same result will follow in the kingdom of grace. If any Christian society or church will but consecrate themselves to God, and wait for the promise of the Father, in persevering prayer and confident expectation, the promise shall be realized. At this season of the year, when special efforts are to be made for the salvation of souls, it would be a most blessed thing, if prayer meetings like that which preceded the descent of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost were to be held. Spiritual laws are the same now as then, and whenever and wherever the followers of Christ will meet together with one accord, in earnest, believing, importunate prayer, they shall all be filled with the Holy Ghost, and shall speak the word of God with boldness. 