CHAPTER IL How did it first happen? At what fateful moment did the tidebegin to turn? I believe, but I am not sure, that it was when Mrs. Carlisle's god-daughter, little Ellen Ferris, being then an infant .of three months old, had a slight attack of fever and restlessness incidental to some internal derangement.; on which occa sion Mrs. Carlisle, with all the experience gained from a baby of her own that was almost able to run alone, seeing at once what was the matter, recommended aconite and the wet pack-and Mrs. Ferris would not use either. Wo. she was afraid of the wet pack, and Bbe had no faith in drops and globules; i she just pinned her faith to Mrs. Dobson (a I person ox whom Mrs. Carlisle had the lowest opinion), who had. a number of coarse, red cheeked boys and no ideas beyond the castor* oil bottle. Of course, there was nothing in that It wasa free country, and every mother had a right to manage her own child as she pleased. Bnt when, shortly after this, the baby at Lindisfarne had a really acute paroxysm of indigestion, suggestive of possible convulsions, and Mrs. Carlisle, having made searching inquiries, discovered that the poor thing was being fed upon corn flour gruel and boiled rusks, in addition to the food that nature had provided for it, then it was felt by that conscientious little woman that the time had come when she must speak her mind plainly. Common humanity iorpade her to .hold-her to hold her tongue. "I don't want to vex or alarm you, 3S1«««. dear, but really you are just killing that child," she said, with stern solemnity. " Yon won't take my advice, and yet yon we the con sequences." " Oh, but, Ellen dear, I don't think it's the food, really. Mrs. Dobson says it isn't-she saiB haJur wante mm&aat;, She me all here corn-flour when they were only a fort night old, and see what fine, healthy children they are now!" . " Oh, if you are going to take Mrs. JL>ot>aon for an oracle I have nothing more to say. Only when you have muddled your baby'a life away, don't blame me- don't Bay I didn t warn you of what you were doing.' Mrs. Ferris clasped her baby to her heart, and wept over it, whereat Mrs. Carlisle changed her tone and attitude. " Now, my darling, don't cry-I know she will get all right at once if you will only be judicious. Doesn't it stand to reason that a child can't digest that heavy stuff when it has no teeth? Milk is the proper thing for babies, and nothing else-milk and water, if you must feed artificially. Just you try half new milk and half warm water, with a little sugar, and see if slie doesn't get on splendidly." Mrs. Ferris replied, vaguely, that she would be only too glad to try anything. But she gave such a lukewarm attention to Mrs. Car lisle's minute and emphatic directions as to leave a despairing conviction that she did not mean to follow them on that lady's mind. " No, she will just tell Mrs. Dobson what I have advised, and Mrs. Dobson will tell her that if I had my way the child would be starved to death in a week," she said to her husband, witli an angry laugh. "Really, I have no patience with people who are so dense and stupid. Mark my words, Jimmy, that child will be fed to death-and before very long, too." " 1 hope not," replied Jimmy, giving his arm to his wife to take her in to dinner. " It would be an awful blow to both of them if anything happened to the little kid. Why don't you tell 'em to get the doctor to it ?" I " Oh, they have a doctor-of a sort-just such another old woman as Mrs. Dobson, and every bit as much behind the times. He J said if a baby of three months old could stand the pack it could stand anything-old fool I Besides, I am tired of telling them things-when they won't pay the least bit of attention to me." She sipped her soup and trifled with her bit of fish almost in silence, and then she re sumed the conversation in a calmer temper. " I suppose," she said. " that it is peculiar to the class of people tnat Eliza Ferris comes from to cling to those obsolete old notions of domestic management As Mr. Heathcote said the other night, there's a great deal of unsuspected ignorance and superstition lingering still amongst the lower orders- j much more than we, who don't mix up with them, have any idea of." Jimmy listened to thiB, but made no com ment. " Did you ever hear, by the way, who Eliza's people were f she inquired presently, when the parlour-maid was gone to fetch the pudding. " It is very odd, but she has never | said a word about them to me." " Nor to me." said the husband. "But hasnt Mr. Ferris ever mentioned them f' " No." " He was going to tell me one day, quite freely, but I Btopped him-something in a humble way, he said, but 1 did not let him go into particulars. It was rather foolish of me, I think, for one likes to know who one's friends are, somehow, and where they come from." "Mrs. Ferris comes from Dunedin." " Yes, I know that. And her name was Spencely. But what her father was " " Oh, what does it matter about her father? She's a stunning woman herself, and that's all we care about I think she grows hand somer every day." " H-m-I don't know about that. She's running to fat, I'm afraid." " Not a bit of it" " But you men always admire fat women, I notice-the bigger the better. Well, there's enough of her, in all conscience, and what she'll be when she's ten years older I shudder to think of." Mrs. Ferris left off giving the baby rusks and maizena, and began a course of Neave and Nestle, varied by beef-tea and arrow root ; and still little Ellen, though much sub ject to stomach-aches, continued to live, to her c;od-mother's unceasing astonishment, and even grew in time to be quite a strong and sturdy little girt To her mother and Mrs. Dobson it seemed that the wisdom of a generous treatment in the matter of diet was amply justified by the result: while to Mrs. Carlisle the striking feature of the case was simply the child's marvellous constitution. " But you do see that in the children of a certain class," she said-this time not to Jimmy, but to Mrs. Mordaunt, who was a great gossip. " Haven't you seen them at the cottage doors, munching great chunks of cake or hard green apples, almost before they have a tooth in their heads ? I have-often. And yet nothing seems to hurt them. While if our children were to trifle with their diges tions in that way, we should have them in their graves in no time." "Of course we should," assented Mrs. Mordaunt "And tell me now, Mrs. Carlisle -we have been curious about it for a long time-who was Mrs. Ferris? You say she belongs to the lower class-and I have always suspected as much " ' 0 no. Mis. Mordaunt. you mistake-I did not say that And I don t know really what class she comes from. It has only been hinted to me that her people were in a humble posi tion, bnt of coarse that is nothing. My own poor father, who bad the blood of longs in his veins, was often without a sixpence in bis pocket I pay no attention to that. And I am very fond of Eliza Ferris. We are great friends, and always hare been. I think she is a delightful woman." " Yes-0 yea, of course. All the men rave about her. But still, yon can tell somehow can't you f " Yes, I suppose you can telL" There is a subtle something--" "Yes." "And she would not have made such a dead secret of her origin if it had not been something rather-rather unmentionable, yon know; do yon think she would f ? , Perhaps not But we can't tell-I think she Is rather a reticent woman. And after all, as Jimmy Bays, since she iB so nice in her self, it doesn t much matter what her people are.' ..." I don't agree with yon there. In a society like ours we can t be too particular-the few £ 118 w*10 art gentlefolks-if we want to keep things together at alL What was her maiden name,>y the way?" L Spencely. Her people Jive in Dunedin." Ah, Dunedin-yea, of course] Mrs. Brentwood comes from Dunedin. Perhaos ehe will know something of thein. IMokl will aBk her." t ; ; Mrs. Carlisle^ said nothing. Her heart re proachedher for it, yet she felt die Jooild give anything to know who Eliza's father was. She was pot oonBciotis of any wish to hear that he was a butcher or a publican, but Bhe knew that she' confidently*' bxpectea it " r it ? Meanwhile Mrs. Ferris had " cottoned ? to Mrs. Dobson, who continued to take a deep interest in little Ellen's welfare. She waBthe wife.of a rich stockbroker, with a handsome house and carriage; not quite 4n the iriner circle of goqd society, perhaps,^ fully flualiued to make tier was thereif sue liked? One moraine shewalked over thttWui, was not yet ten o'dock,iLi fouid. tktu11 Dobaou'a carriage had preceded h«7 Lindtsfarne. Much annoyed, ahe hrZ abruptly in the avenue, and niaiS home agam; and presently eat doCi explain in writing the purport rf ? frustrated visit The servant who took t'hl note came back with the message that to* Ferris was out driving; and it was not m after lunch that an answer was tetania Then Mrs. Ferris wrote to assure herdeana Ellen that she was dreadfully sorry, bnt Z had already arranged to take Mr. and Ha Uobson and Mr. Heathcote, who wetetodm. with her that night. It was the first time she had refused to share her carriage niti Ifillen-the first time Ellen had wanted torn to. the theatre and been reduced to doing in a cab-Bince they had been friends, M naturally, Ellen felt it. ^ " Oh, 1 don't care,' she said, with a cntl in her lip9 and a tear in her eye. "Thank Heaven, yon Bnd I are hot such paupers that we can't afford a hansom, Jimmy, Still, 1 do think, after suggesting that we should so together, as she certainly did, and alter ail I have done for her--" " Oh, as to that, said Jimmy, "honours is easy, Nell." " That's all you know about it! 1 wonder what Bort of position Bhe would have Wit I 1 had not taken her up and introduced bet! as I did? She wouldn't have been hiving j Mr. Heathcote dining with her en/amii^fot! on® ohn&eathcote; would have found her out, ri-rht enough. He didn't want you to him she was a beauty." ast to deny it-but sje is far too J brawn)- to be beautiful Look at hS anna ?-why they are twice as big as yow i She s just what you mkht expect a buS daughter to be. Handsome as she k sh ®how8, her blood-or, rather, her w^t 0i danKr ^toldyou she was 6 bntcha'8 ^Nobody. But I know she is." Come, I say, Nell, be careful If you say that to anybody but me, it will be all over the town in twenty-four hours. Don't let your temper get the better of you, little woman. " Oh, I'm not in a temper-not a bit I'm only hurt at the way in which Eliza throws me over now that Bhe has used me to climb up on-now that I have done everything for her, and am no longer of any use, She knows" added Mrs. Carlisle, almost whimper ing, that the Dobsona have millions of carriages of their own to go to the theatre in, and we have none-for we can't use l" Victoria for that" " But the Dobsons are dining with her, my dear." " Then the least she could have done would have been to ask us to meet them." " What, when she knows that you and Mrs. Dobson hate each other like poison f " She shouldn't make friends with people ehe knows I don't approve of." At this extravagant demand on j Jimmy went off into roars of unfeeling laughter. Whereupon, as a matter of coutflj Mrs. Carlisle began to cry. Seeing which, ha husband took her in his arms and kissed her. And finally she came to the conclusion that to have her darling Jimmy all to herself in a hansom cab was infinitely preferable to the society of other people in the very finest landau. So she and Jimmy went to the theatre. Darby and Joan fashion, independent o everybody. And when they got there and had settled themselves cosily side by Bide, Mrs. Carlisle caught sight of lira. Ferns, looking Buperbly beautiful in a pink and crimson gown, with shining jewels on ha smooth neck Mid arms ; and all her inward wounds bled afresh at the right Elia mignj be coarse by day- even that was a dispute# question-but at night she was majestic and magnificent No other woman, as JimTJ saicf, with his relentless candour, hadI roe ghost of a show beside her. Mr. Dobson sat on her right band, and Mr. Heathcote o her left; and Mr. Heathcote never stated from.her side the whole evemng-not.even.w come and apeak a word to his °)d Ah, that was the bitter pill to swallow. Heathcote, the beau of wh<^ wcietJ conferred the highest social pM the lady who, for the time kjfSj/v, honoured with it, had once lisle's bondslave, and now he would noUea* that woman's side to come and spew ^Ves, she began to think^ ^Iv/nasrion " that woman '-and to reflec\^^nEratefai ate cynicism, that it was f i world. 