Facts and Fancies Centralised COr ALL oP US.) Victorian land revenue £80,000 over the estimate. 0\. A. Post, the youngest American Senator. He is Professor Siemens left £282,423 12s. 5d. behind hlint. 'fhe cardinals want to remove the Pope's residence from Raise. Strauss, the suit eomposer, severely poisoned by smoking strong eigars to excess. Benjaiin Everett, a stronger from England, shot himself in tho osulburn liospital lost week. The first of a line of steamers between Melbourno and Bordeaux will be dispatehed in May. figgers wvithout capital cautioned not to go to the Hargreaves rush. Starvstion if they do. W. Faruiast a'.elboitrni Athlete, offers to lght Foley in Sydney, if his expendse are paid there. iOne Edward Hanlsjswas defeated on else Pasrn oatto in a rowing mes on Saturday. It was not the Ifnnlahn... Owen Thomas, working a threshing maehine ot laylesford, got his foot cs.shed to pieces, and died ;albert Bergeon. a young German, while careless) hasndling a revolver, sent a bailet clean throng)h lbt body; entering the stomacn aendpassing out between tho ribs. A year ago twenty-three valuablo gold sings were r'eeovered by the polieo atllrilgton, Vie. They hsve iuthenst identified as soee tstlennfroc Mr. Catlinds jeweller. Pauper fell out of a narrow bed in fIelboirse Besnovolent Asyium, cnd was killed. Medieasl sffeer recommended widening the beds' of aged patients, and got snubbed by the committee. T'ho Salvation Armny lBarracks at Newfaown, near Sydney, have been dedicated "in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and of General William Doeth." This blasphemy is being com sncnted on severely by the Metropolitan Press, butit helps to advertise the leather-Inoged crew. 'Tue " ecrO sand yeilow leaf" was represented iii lsnally, relates th lIpress. tho other sray by a taveliing umbrella mesder who is in his ninety-lifth ear. loc saw the stirnlug times in Tansania, arid landed at Portlandat the tiose tCi hntys did. hIs feata in the way of "traoping i". would ho goad for aouger brien to wit, Avaca to osinolly. in a daiy. oo Bible it ihiers eonstnt cempaniinrand lie resadsth smisnal print of it withouit soy artificial aid., Oti entorgr4iing townsmen, oIV. Winn and Cs,, evidently besieve sn basylng in the ohoapest snarket, Judging from the large iuantity ofe goods they am eaontinmaly receiving from ,Manchester and London. We notice teb Arafdr, barquse, arrived last wriday with thirty.tsrcu caesse for Client cootoining moest uf theo rejilese~ for Ctoe coemia winter trade. A fort night psevione, tse Sophioclea, shlip. arrived via Sydney, with twenty-two eaaces. The. Trlnverton, steaimes, via Adelaide and M?elbourne, is expeeted shotttly with twenty.tw easees niece; ond the M'iroa, llcngoll?n, and Ardvar ore on thew?ay from Enig land eaehi bringing goods far them--As,. It appears that in Ctle vicieity,. of ,the. junntioii, pf Lockhart and. iamloek streets, quartz has been' iticked up ehoswing gold in the solid. Whether this is tihe bearing of the V°ietoria lode or niat is a mere onatter of speecuiatios. The iine iaay bo a essneoliog lisle to a blow of tquarte at the rear of theimbpuei school teacher's residecne, tried several years aigo, and wits said to pirositect a littlo geld. Some per eons ole' that Che bearing of tlhe Victoria line ef reef is in tho rise its tlto slto of the Oddfcllowo' Itiii. As minting operations intiuastz veins where ibie etir face is ot lh ~ be toh isturbed tireteriiiieiblo is tctwns, wa bail with natisfitetion Cthe fiading tif the v'slhows mtetl iii otir tawsi tind to eonelusion we trulst lie ptrospectors before nitienitsed will meet with a uine ptayable reef.-.Adtlosig Thties. 