IN PtAIN fROSE. BT PBUTETBE. [In an oyster shop with PfttHcins MacDaniel, feq—With his cousins Kitty and Norah in their back verandah-How the forest lore tale ended ] The leading incidents in the Tale of forest Love were every-day realities. There was a launch. There WSB a substantial luncheon. The personage spoken of as " The Hermit" retired from the company, and reolined himself on a seat, as described. Four or five of the young ladies present at the launch and luncheon came unexpectedly upon him, and one of tbem-she who is called the " Maid of the Mill "-after gazing upon him for a brief space of time, and supposing him to be asleep, said, "Poor old manleave him there." He was not; at all asleep, and saw from under his arm the whole tfrotip and heard all they said. I had the whole account from his own hps afterwards. He felt deeply offended and indignant at the vounir lady's remark, whioh was spoken m a very contemptuous tone. Sitting in company vrith her mother a short time after, that lady, •Who took a womanly interest in his unmarried state of isolation, exhorted him to enter into holy alliance with some young lady on a matrimonial basis. He immediately asked her for bet daughter, and , the scene as described in the Tale ensued. Without a single day of courtship: without a word of love-making: without any of those amatory preliminaries whioh are generally regarded as appropriate as they are amiable; without one hour's previous intimacy or exchange of affectionate language: without a moonlight walk, or a morning call, OT ft sofa whisper of those pretty nothings which go to make up sweethearting conversation— after less than ten minutes' interview with her mother, at the first word, she accepted an offer of marriage from the "poor old man Ishe had so jeeringly derided a short week before. They had been acquainted for two years; but he had the reputation of being a married man separated from his wife. Thii report operated as a bar to any wedding speculationB on the part of the young dam- S6ls of the forest. His reserved manner gave confirmation to the rumonr, and no one oould suBpect him of conjugal intentions. He held a responsible post under govetnment, and had the entree of the best colonial society. He was by birth and education a gentlemen. His father was a captain in the Boyal Navy, and bad commanded first-rate ships of war in the old regime of three deckers. He had an extensive and almost professional knowledge of ships and ship building. He was an equally accomplished musician, and, if he had gone upon the stage, would have been , eminent as a tenor opera singer. He was a ; .skillful horseman, a good scholar, fond of; the Italian poets, with whose works he was : familiar; he had a large circle of literary j friends at borne, and although not an Oxford man he was among the most enthusiastic' of the discipleB of the ever revered And i renowned "J. H. N.," the gifted and I beloved Cardinal Newman. Of oourse, our j hermit WBB a " High Churchman." That such a man should be the victim of 80 egregious * folly as that attributed to him ita my Tale of Forest love is one of those erotic phenomena of whioh a Lord High Ghanoellor of England marrying his own cookmaid is a' parallel weakness,' absurdity tea •vioe. Such aberrations of the heart anjl judgment do not lay within the sphere of mathematics, and no solution of their- guare is feasible. The inordinate vanity which took fire at the silly words of a girl,® an£ which inflamed him to suoh an ignoble excess of resentment, may be quoted as conspicuously. reprehensible features in MB character, Ib'nt When thiB is done, the case remains afi paltry a moral motive as human nature so often has cause to blush at. Yet he was manly, generous, hbnourabla and upright in £he opinion, off.his associates, and. in the general tenor of. his intercourse with all atound him. But Nemeus was nigh, and his pvengement soon began. As described in the •Tale, the Maid of the Mill had expressed her dia • ust at the idea of kissing the " poor old man." f[is retaliation WBB to result in bringing her, joyously and willingly, toperform the act of osculation the moment he afforded her the opportunity. She came into the room after her mother had apprised her of the hermit's proposition, and she oame with heightened colour, but not with' much show of virgin bashfulness, and as soon as he asked her to kiss him Bhe did so, and with a promptness 'and empreesment amusingly in contrast with the Bhudder of reluctance with which she had treated the proposal to do so' on the day of the launch. But the hermit's triumph wag blighted in the very moment of its achievementand culmination. AB her lipB touched his, there issued forth from her mouth an odour —an exhalation—a vaporouB fetor, which acted upon him with a most disillusioning effect. The Maid of the Mill had a baa breath, and the first perception of this unpleasant fact killed, as by a lightning Bash, whatever of momentary romance the situation might have inspired. For the Maid of the Mill was sufficiently handsome, and was eo engagingly costumed that, to hold her in his arms irresistibly created towards her a sentiment of tenderness which, had she the moral qualities necessary for the task, might have sot only won his esteem, but awakened and secured his affeotion. But in the aot of kissing'tier, . oc« while ahb,. with a flattering •vidity, was kissing him aooording to his lover-like request, in that moment Us booI recoiled from her, and, even while her lips clung to bis, he was planning a scheme to get rid of her for ever. Had her breath teen sweet and fragrant, as is the breath of some fair maidens, the whole complexion of their lives miirht have been placidly, if not happily, different. B"t the asphaltio demon of the Avernian lake forbade. No bird can fly BOTOFB that pestiferous pool, by reason of the suffocating miBt which rises from its noxious waters; and this bird of beauty which he held in his embrace was now dead to him, and he would cast her, as a putrid corpse, away from him. He wonld not submit to any Mezentian decree ; he would break the chain and escape. Aye, but how ? The Maid of the Mill's father was not at home when her mother chose to convey the hermit's proposals to that young lady'e consideration. On bis return late in the evening his wife informed him of the great event of the day. Alice had aocepted the hermit's offer. But why was she so preoipitate? Why did she not suspend her decision until her father had been consulted ? Why did she jump into tbe man's mouth as soon as he opened it ? Her papa was exceedingly mortified and angry at his daughter's want of delicacy and reserve. He was very angry, and in his anger he spoke words so severely harsh and denunciatory that she never would repeat them to the hermit. His first question, when they met alone, two days after, was what her father hadsaid. Sliereplied that he was very—very much displeased with her, and had uttered language which she could not repeat. But tbe young lady'e haste only added to the hermit's moTe complete revenge on her for the insolence of her speech on the day of the launch, when She wouldn't kiss liim if she got A new gold watch upon the spot. Her father was a man of rather fiery temper, very hospitable, very frankand straightforward in all dealings, proud without pomposity, decisive in his opinions, much respected, though, perhaps, not much beloved beyond his own family circle. On such a father any undignified departure from the line of maidenly deoorum on the part of his eldeBt and favonrite daughter would act as a corrosive, and exasperate his sensibilities to the extreme of parental wrathfulness, and find vent in sharp and cutting reproaches. But the deed was done. His daughter had taken the transaction wholly into her own hands, and all that remained was to accept the oup she had filled and drink the nauseous draught with as small a show of vexation and distaste BB be could. A polite message was sent to the hermit inviting him to dinner on the following day. Her father received him with a gruff and surly civility at first; but be understood the laws of social propriety too well to carry his disBatisfaotion into downright rudeness or violence,of language. He adroitly took the edge off his own personal humiliation by Baying that as Alioe was over age, and, therefore, in, a wide degree the mistress of her own inclinations and actions, she had k right to dispose of herBelf according to her own preferences. He said he was quite sure that no mercenary motives had influenced the hermit in his choice. There was some disparity in their ages, but if the girl was content no one .else had any business to make objections on that score, and so he hoped they would be happy together j the wedding need not be hurried over, and they would have time to study each other's temper and peculiarities. If thiswise and loving father could have seen in through the opaque window in the hermit's .breast he would have detected a resolve in the hermit's heart, cold and deadly as " juice of distilled hebanon," that postponement of the weddingi however protracted,'Should only he the prelude to its finalnon-f ulfilment. The eveningpassedovor pleasantly. Alice and her fathersangtheirac customed eongg.together and on bidding good night, ;the hprmit, kissed his bride eleot with something like .the fervour of a sinoere lover. Bhe lifld bees, animated and agreeable, .and the hermit.relented a little of his vile design; but, 'in addition to the offence she had, given him by her Beoffingbut unmeaning tauntat the launch, she had further sinned against his conventional oode of female duty by accepting his offer of marriage as unreflectingly as she might have aooepted the offer of half an hour's sail in his boat on the lake. And no matter under what plea or pretence any young lady permits herself to be drawn into a transgression of the rules whioh regulate her intercourse with young gentlemen, any suoh transgression, either of delicacy or of modesty, and still more of 'propriety, will lead even the man for whom she commits the transgression to mistake her character, and to lower , her: for ever in his estimation. I'or three weeks the visits of j the hertait'at thi Mill oontinued, He was looked, upop as a member of jthe family. He "was not over demonstrative, but he was not deficient in politesse; but somehow Aliofe conceived the nation that he was not what he seemed to be—that MB devotion to'her was hollow. Ltive is blind, they say. Yes, .blind to qualities and defects. But nothing is so sharp-sighted ap love to any diminution, however {{light, in the loving homage of heart to heart. She felt that he was a hypoorite, yet there was no tangible proof tbat he was only! a malevolent simulator. "You do not love me, I feel that you do not," she Said to hiin one moonlight night as they stood in front of her father's house Looking out upon the waters of the lake as they tremulously refleoted : the yellow beams. He leaned over to loss her, as the safest method of repelling the- mournful accusation. • But her: breath met him again. It revived bis fint'emotion of xepng' nanoe, He hesitated,, zeooiled, recovered himself, and ended with Visaing her cheek instead of her lips. Even then it Wps s^ehill and ; Oon8tranedfsiilutation,Btod lefther painfully convinced of the ttiAh of %er intefior divination that he did not Jove her. In this state of their sentiments towards each other a month .wore away., Another fnll;moon smiled in beauty on the forest; It was the full moon next after tyie fatal full moon of his vindictive and insensate r;i«ath<j The family reoeived an invitation to a> farewell tea and dancing party. A family on the oppositepide of the lake'were "going home." They desired to bid their forfest friends adieu. The hermit, the Maid of the Mill, and he* family were specially requeued tci come, and they oame. The party consisted of abont 20 persons. Among the guests was an offioer ho was at tbe head of the Commissariat department, a gentleman by birth as . well as profession. With him came his two daughters and two sons, all grown up. But with them came, as their friend, a lady who was introduced as Mrs, Hylden. She was said to be sister-in-law to the English "Resident" at Hong Kong, and came to " the colony" and forest for the benefit of her health. She had gone from Hong Kong to Oeylon, and from Ceylon to Australia. She had an introduction to the Commissarint officer's family, arid was by them introduced to several forest families. She was 80 years of A widow. Unencumbered. She was in possession of abundant funds. She was very gentle in her deportment. She was, however, energetic in character. She was graceful and winning, accomplished as ladies are wont to be. She played well, but sang better. She had a very fine note. She was above the medium height, and of afull voluptuous form, hut finely proportioned. , The most intelligent face and brow were overshadowed with a profusion of soft brown hair, and her countenance was lighted up by dark hazel eyes of the sweetest expression. The Maid of the Mill and her hermit bad heard of Mrs. Hylden, but had never seen her, and when she arrived in the commissariat officer's boat, they walked to the landing plaoe to gratify their curiosity. The boat rope broke in pulling the boat close into the jetty, and the hermit, leaving his lady-love, ran forward to-give assistance. He held on to the bow oai until the rope was carried on hbore, the offioer s two daughters first, and then the lady from India, as she was called. The doctrine of AFFINITIES, . as taught by Borne Yankee transoendentalists, has been denounced as a cloak for Free JJove; but what wis it that electrified, ,as it were, our hetinit as he extended.his hand to assist Mrs. Hylden over the gunwale of the boat on to the Biriall landing stage P As she rose from her seat in the stern, she caught his attention and riveted his gaze for an instant; and when he took her hand, he told me he felt as if he should like never to let it go. The boat heeled a little over by the flow of the water aB the lady put her foot on the gunwale, and this movement of the boat caused the hermit to apply both hands to her support. " It was the sweetest burden I ever sustained," he said to me; "I pnly desired to sustain it for a centjiry." Meantime the Maid of the Mill was standing where her, perfidious affiance had left her, watahing every movement of the whole group with a dubiouB eye. Introduction to Mrs. Hylden followed, and as the fates would have it, at the dejeuner the hermit was Beated with his brideeleot on one side* and the interesting lady from India on the other. Mrs. Hylden had been in Italy. So had our hermit. :She was au courant with the greqt ! events of the day. The Opera, the Navy, the Army, the Stage, the Oxford Men, the Trade for tbe Times, Sir W. Beid's Law of Storms, Bishop Ooplestone's Letters on the Currency, the Picture Gallery, the Pulpit, Parliament and Parties, on all the current topics of the d -v she could converse with that light and auy grace and fluency of one aooustomed to. intellectual society, and yet Without. unferainine or pedantio display or affeotation of superior knowledge. Then.-she was a.distinguished j listener, and would attend to the remarks of 1 those who conversed with her in flattering deferenoe. She soon, say that the hermit was a man of great general information, and, like herself, had travelled in various conntries. She also saw that the Maid'of the Mill's experience and reading were meagre; and alongside Of Mrs. Hylden the Maid dwindled into a forest girl of limited oulture and oapacity. It taxed the hermit's philosophy to its ntmost stretch to restrain him from the gross bree^ph of all etiquette, in deserting the Maid anil idedioating himself conspicuously to the ball-room petits so ins which Jkfrs, Hylden's ,fasomatio^B. invited. A short promenade of s twenty yaras in the moonlight before 'stlpp^r; ^and 'tJbe ' sttong similarity of taste oompieted the ihermit's entanglement in Itrs.' "H^tden's 'dftfatibg attractions, add'he'wsiS'trhly in love with her in the true and beBt Jpeaning ef.^he phraBe. Had there bepn .opportunity, it was probable in the highest degree that_ a mutual attachment would hfeve. united a pai* so adapted for eaolrtfthir , i"sb6lety. ' In thfr waltz dance that evening it *as remarked by many ox ,. the copipany what admirable partners they ware 4 "and several of the hermit's, friendB.iphispered their thoughts, to eaoh other that 'they Wen each other'* " affinities." The poor Maid of the Mill felt aoutely that she was rivalled and eolipBed, and the perception cost her some tears on her uneasy pillow after her return home from the party that' boming. The hermit oame- to tea at the Mill the evening after the farewell .drum, and his lady- love , ironically complimented him on his "conquest of the Indian beanty;" trafc he greatly relieved her ^oalous mind" by telling her Stytt Mrs.Hvlde#. had decided ML returning to beylop in tiie aame chip oonveyed the Huhtingtoih to would take her departiiA in a few days. The Hnntingtons were the family wh n ~ the P.P.C. party. And the y S ° ^ hermit managed to obtain an interview ^ the fair widow on th* day beforTM in which he eloquently, but without ciroWlocution, apprised her of his attaoW She, on her part, assured him that hTS a very high place in her esteem, and hadi? been her lot to remain in Australia might, on longer acquaintance, have eT trusted her happiness to his hands: but*. Was going away, and she would take ^ her as a dear remembrance tbe decW tion he had made. To come so „<£ the prize, and not to gain it, was an maddening thought, but he was a ohaind eagle now. bonnd to his forest girl by a tie he oould not as yet break, and he was foroed into outward acquiescence with tie in&n.; table. , After nearly an hoar's interview he rose to. depart, and as their glances met siw seemed to read in his the wish he would fain utter. She therefore advanced towards him took his hand, and said " Good-bye " in eo low and kind a tone that he was embsldeoed by its moving sweetness, folded her in his arms, kissed her, and departed without a word. He was afraid to join the little band of friends who went to the ship to see her on board. He could not trust his feelings. But he sent her fruit and flowers and a volume of Italian poetry. He was restless and despairs! when the ship was gone. The Mill was his aversion. His visits were wearisome formalities. The sun had disappeared from hij sky. Three weeks passed and he did not press the Maid of the Mill to name their wedding day, though he smoked his cigar and drank his glass of toddy with her f&tbet; as formerly, and discussed the politics of the colony. Nearly a month after Mrs. Hylden's departure, the mail from England arrived. It brought him several important letters. Three deaths bad taken place in his family. Property had been left him. A will was disputed. He was required to send home a power of attorney to enable his lawyers to act. He laid all these letters bsfore the Maid's father, who was a thorough business man. He explained the state of affairs in England to his father-in-law in posse. After Some days' consideration, the Maid's father advised him to go to England, settle his affairs in person, then come back, and we will have this wedding of Alice's without anything to disturb it. Never came more weloome suggestion. He was down in Tartarus, and a ghost pursued him. A gate was opened for his esoape to the upper world, and from the spirit that haunted him. He s&w; his door of escape opening. He saw his adored widow smiling on him in tbe distance. Paradise was dawning on his view. But he dissembled his joy. He feigned unwillingness to go. But he was overruled. He went. Thirty years ago there was no Suez Oanal, and ships were few. A month elapsed before he sailed. The voyage occupied four months and three weeks. On the morning of the day he left his solitary house in the forest, where' he hid resided for three years, he ordered his horse Frants to be at the door at nine a.m. He had paid off his groom, and this was the last service that faithful servant would • perform for him. The gallant stead was in high condition, and his owner was in a . mood to try Frantz's mettle. _ He rose from the table where he had been writing fareweU notes to forest friends; then he went into every room in the now vacant home and said good-bye to the inanimate articles of furniture which remained, and then returned to his writing-room, outside of 'which his horse stood pawing the grsvel. As he took up his hat and gloves to pass •out by the open window there rushed upon ; j i ; i ' i him suoh an overpowering sense of his deceitful and foolish oonduot in regard to the Maid of the Mill, and of the happier life he might have had with Mrs. Hylden, that to burst ^nto an uncpntrollable passion of tears, and sank down on the floor sobbing, as the poet tells of Hafed's inamorata— Sobbing as if a heart-string broke With every deep-heaved sob that came I For nearly half-an-hour he was _ in this whirlpool of remorse; then the storm having exhausted itself, he bathed his eyes and ~trow, "sprang into the saddle;, and went off, at'full gallop up the long, grassy slope behind hi|s house, oame out on the iain road of thfe forest, , and after a headlong*,ride oame in sight of the Mill. The Maid, who was watohing for his approach, taet him at the garden'$atei; She wasdressrt in white nfuslin morningioostume.and IOOKH ppetty and interesting as the sunny brews played with her Iiair and caused her g«» mente to flutter. He, did not dismount. J4s was on his way to the town where the sup for England lay. Loaning over from tM saddle aid taking ioid of her tresseB, he ing." " 1 Know inai, BUO - anything happens do not blame tne for tM going.'* "Twill not blame you," repUid. His ..heart was softened by »» weeping fit he had had an hour before. J« ask<$ £r> pS a rose off the tees *hi£ was warng W<M>M> d #™ memory o?thsir parang. Herjnother cage at the tooment Snd selected the Alirieto phU. She ldssed.it. gave It, and hs placed it In a letter of Wh in hiS pocket-book, fie ihen mother and*aughtet ttrewell, and m a »w woonds was bidden from their right in w» forest. 1 <••* • On landing in London, be I the Huutitigtons'; and, after amtuali mate,, he Cnqnired for Mrs. By", w MOh,*,! aaidi^Mrs. Huntington, » ypui ibad arrived ,m\f iten days «jp«> ' ^ ^t ihe^ wedd^ i&riiefl; „«le 88 a corpse and sank, fainting, on the Snor The Huntingtons were in consternafinn bot be wae raised up and speedily re- i u o ' "f We attempted to explain his 0 1weakness by iU-healtb, but Mrs. TTvWen ha^ confided his secret to Mrs Huntington on their passage to Ceylon, with tte further secret that if she had remained in meiuiv , h a T 0 m a m e (j the hermit. A vear passed, and he was still in London <<on his law business." Another year passed "A h e did not return to the forest. Then fhe Maid of the Mill ceased to write to him. Her mother kept up the correspondence for four Tears longer. In the seventh year after hia departure her mother wrote in a posteoript: « Alice was married last Tuesday to a son of Tourold friend Jonson of the forest." . . Nineteen years more passed, during which he led a desultory life, wandering in many lands and tarrying long in none. Then he took it into his head that he would go back to Australia and see what had come of theforest. And he went baok. He found the little town, 25 miles from his old house, had grown and waxed wealthy. He oalled on a lady living in it whom he had known as a vonng girl 26 years before in the forest. He gent in his card. Presently there came running out an elderly lady with grey hair. «My dear hermit," she cried, "aome in, come in! I'm so glad to see you; I remember old times in the forest. But you are greatly altered: I should hardly have known you only for your card and the name." And they had a long talk about past scenes in the forest. Next day he met this lady in the street, and walked with her to a shop where she was going. As they went along, two ladies dressed in black came out of a large linen-draper's shop. The hermit's friend accosted them with cordial greeting and shook hands, while the hermit stood looking on unooncerni-dly, and the two ladies looking equally unconcerned at him. "Why," exolaimed the lady with whom he was walking, " I declare none of you know one another. Mr. Hermit, this is the Maid of the Mill, and this is her mother." And she spoke true. The hermit didn't know the Maid of the Mill whom he had been engaged to matfry 26 years before, nor did she know him, neither did he know the Maid's mother, nor she him! Next day the mother called on the hermit at his hotel, and they talked of the old days in the forest. Her husband was dead, and three sons. The Maid of the Mill's husband was also dead, and she was a widow with ten children. He took out his pocket-book, and drew from it an old letter, whioh he opened, and lifted up something from it. "Do you remember this P" he asked. " No," she said ; "what is it?" "It is the rose you and Alice plucked and gave me 6 and 20 years ago, the morning I rode away from your garden gate at the Mill." . " Pshaw !" she said, " what rubbish ; throw it in the fire." Such, 0 Kitty and Norah, wae the end of the false love in the forest. " But why did he keep Alioe's rose for 6 and 20 years," said Kitty, "after deceiving her as he did?" " That, my dear Kitty, I cannot tell you. There are antinomies of the heart or human affeotions, as there are antinomies of the head or human understanding; but there is only One who oan interpret either of them." May 6, 1884. 