CORRESPONDENCE. ' John Lee, Glenelg,' replying to ' Enterprise,' explains the reason for the partial failure of the Gypsum Company. He further mentions that the patentee whose whereabouts is required is Mr. W. J. Moseley, who is engaged in the manufacture of salt and gypsum on the Peninsula. Mr. Lee feels ceitain that the Peninsula, with its immense re sources in the way of gypsum and salt, will become one of the largest manufacturing district?. 'Enquirer.'— The approximate answer is 133064 cubic yards. The rule is as follows : — ' To the sums of the area of the top and bottom add four times the area of a section parallel to and equi - distant from the top and bottom. Divide this sum by six and multiply the quotient by the depth ; the product will be the anBwer in terms of the given dimensions.' In this case, as the top and .bottom are not exact rectangles, the answer is only approximate. If greater precision is required it will be necessary to give the diagonal measurements of the top and bottom. 'C. Reimers,' referring to the Vienna exposure controversy, apologizes for having presumed tb.it wa were the first to have referred to the exposure in our open columns, he having based his opinion on the wrong assertion of a reader. He adds—' Direct n6ws just received confirms my first impression that the whole thing amounts to an exposure of the exposers. That ' deception' was at the bottom of it I cannot deny, but not on the part of the medium. Shameful as the proceedings of these solution fever stricken adventurers appear, on application of prin ciples (if honour and good breeding in this conspi racy the additional link of knowledge gained by violent interference in the mysterious development of the materialization phenomena more than com pensates for the rash act, if the medium recovers from the outrage. Piobably their Highnesses' expe riences previously may not have been augmented by two or more 'forms' appearing at the same time on the scene, else tbe preconcerted arrangements about collaring the ' uncanny guests' may have undergone some modification ; and if a lovely, bright, angel maid might have joined the little group of ghosts, the holy inspiration of seizing the truth vvould have passed through a severe ordeal, practically speaking.' ' A. Y. 55.'— Your question was inadvertently mis laid. In the first sentence ' was' is correct. In all the others the context is not given, and the question you put cannot be answured. The rule is -that when ' if' introduces a hypothesis or pure supposition the subjunctive mood, as %'be,' 'were,' &c;, is used; bnt when ' if' introduces a statement or question of fact the indicative is used. We say ' He should not be here if he icerc dead,' but ' I enquired if he was dead.' ' Enquirer.'— We cannot obtain the information for you. Apply to some one in the business ; or perhaps Mr. Todd will let you know. ' Rosa Dartle.'— Too intensely funny. P' An Old Sportsman'' writes :— ' Having read the evidence on the late two fatal gun accidents, and having personally known of several others that have occurred in the same way, I think it would be well to caution those who use firearms against carrying the hammer down on the cap, as nine out of ten per sons in this colony, do though no real sportsman ever would. If the guns had been carried on half cock these accidents would not have happened. By causing a caution something like this to appear in your widely read columns you may do a good service and save valuable lives. ' Well-wisher, North Adelaide,' writes :— ' I find from your paper of Tuesday that our Hydraulic Engineer is about erecting a ventilating shaft con tiguous to the City Bridge— about the lowest ground that could be selected. Having regard to the loca lities in North Adelaide where stinks in every variety are so abundant, surely our Engineer could not contemplate so grave an error, knowing as he must that gases have rather an upper than a down ward tendency. Let us have no more tinkering about our deep drainage, at least so f^r as Nonh Adelaide is concerned. Close the gratings and keep the sewers well flushed, and North Adelaide will secure the only means of having the prevailing stenches mitigated ami pestilence ami f evew averted. The principal and unmistakable evils at present arise from the gratings, as, walk where you will, directly you catch one of our stenches you may safely rely upon being near one of those gratines.' ' R. W. Bnik' writes :— ' The City Council are peculiar in their mode of doine business, which (to say the least of it) is transacted in a vacillating and unsatisfactory manner. For instance, last week they served the shopkeepers in Rundle-street with a peremptory notice to alter the numbers of their places of business forthwith, or risk incurring a penalty of £2 for non-compliance. Now this week they revoke that order, and propose letting the old numbers stand, with an alphabetical affix where necessary — than which nothing looks more paltry. There is no doubt Rundle-street requires renumber ingj but the mistake the Council made was in not giving six months' notice in the first instance. It is to be hoped that in September next the Council will enforce the order, and not be afraid of a few grumblers, who would like Adelaide made a sleepy hollow.' ' Sceptical' writes :— Seeing that Mr. Wood's mission in Adelaide has been the means of effecting so many remarkable cures (?) I should very much like to hear of some of the many poor unfortunates in the Adelaide Hospital benefiting by his purely benevo lent influence. Surely, Mr. Editor, there is plenty of field for him to effect cures in this institution, without so much public display. I hope Mr. Wood will visit the Hospital. 