Sydney : Au Olia Podrida* [Bï " NOBTHUMBEDLAND."J Leaving Newcastlo at 11 p.m., enjoying pleasant companionships, a short sleep and a delightful voy- age, the traveller is eager to catch a glimpse of day- dawn, to bo on deck and enjoy the refreshing breeze, to contemplate the coast- line, the gently heaving waters, the various ships and fishing boats coming and going, to be guided by Providence, destiny, or fate, as you like. But there is the realistic panorama -"Life on the ocean wave," and in the ocean and above it, life on the land and beneath it, life in sky and air, and everywhere. No morning dream this ; the engine pulsates, men are washing and scrubbing ; the jovial attenuated captain of the Lady Bowen, wi h binocular in hand, is alert. How delightfully the sun is bursting out, in full beam, from.an im- mense brick red molten looking mass. Less and less it gets ; higher and higher it ascends ; lighter and brighter it becomes; the soft sweet golden gammer morning breaks gloriously all over the land and sea. As we round the Heads we see Manly Beach on the right, Watson's Bay on ] the left, and towering over the lofty cliffs the mas- sive and beneficent lighthouse. Formidable batter- ies, lovely villas, princely mansions, rising suburban towns, bay after bay, lovely as anything in the famed Bay of Naples, towering hills, gentle slopes, mighty ships, gigantic steamers, schooners, sloops, 6macks, yachts, steam ferries, and scull boits, outriggers and dingies- What a splitting, spluttering, and scream- ing of steam whistles, ringing of bells, sonorous voices of men in command, life and bustle, order and method, purpose and conduct, judgment and skill, heroism and hardihood. A forest of masts, a forest of houses, stately, palatial, and mean, piled up and up, and stretching away, with spires, steeple?» and palace-like mansions, and smoke and smut, and stink and stench. The visitor who has almost for- gotten the life of great mercantile harbours and the struggle for existence in great cities, looks on all this with bewilderment. He sees, in all this method, nothing but confusion. That's but the beginning of the end. Let business or curiosity lead you to Pitt, George, or Ring streets, or near the General Post Office, at any time after ten a.m. up to five p.m. There you are, or rather you don't know where you are exactly. You are jostled, punched, elbowed, stared at, laughed at, quizzed, measured, suspected, dodged by detectives, studied by prigs, beamed on by the demimonde, giggled at and com- mented on by heavily furnished girls who pretend to be the " ton," and who do the block and pass and repass the Post Office steps a dozen times in a few hours to be admired. A naval officer or fully embel- lished regimental noodle in office gives picturesque' ness to it all. They are with smirking girls, ladies of fashion, "society ladies," who look charming pictures in elegant costumes and artistic coiffures, in martingales, frills, laces, and pull-backs. Yet Jack's as good as the captain ashore : there he rolls along with his dowdy Sally. But there is a shadow in all this. ia all this meretricious unrealiam; a real living' ghost In all this mockery of what constitutes a lady and a gentleinsn. The true lady and gentleman are to be Been in it all ; quiet, observing, respectful, and unobtrusive ; bent on pleasure or business, elegantly homely or humbly dreseed, There is co snickering, staring, loud talking, and eye- telegraphing; there h however still the ghost-the spot on tbe beautiful face of the sun: the broken-dawn gentility, the thread-bare coat, tbe napless bat, the pinched face, the look of eager anxiety, doubtful expectancy, worry and care, en empty etoumcb, an empty pocket, wife and children hungry and waiting and watching. There he goes and there she goes : a sad serious tear-producing satire on thesa splendid ladies of society, and painted pandereta to lust, How lean and shabby she looks ; her eyes look to see where and how she can move along and thread her way meekfy, patiently, and modestly through, The street is not for hor ; multitudes of cabs, 'busses, carts, horses, and trams-no, not even for her, She is among the silks, satins, and bombazines ; jewelled honda and jewelled watches, jewelled necks, and massive gold chains ; she is one of the sott that Hood sang about in his " Song of the Shirt." She is going to get her week's sewing to be done at home, to earn in the week as much as we knock down in a moderate all-round shout. She tries to conceal her womboota; her old Bbawl is fretted and darned; her hat has been done up again and again for years ; there is a quiet neatness in her poverty, virtue and self-reliance in her face. She must keep the wolf from the door, and pay sixpence extra (her half-day's earnings) for her pound of tea, and she must "Stitch, stitch, stitch while her eyes grow weary and dim, There is another daub on this splendid fashionable pageantry. Look at her, you can't help looking, she too must needs mock the dazzling elements of fashionable life, why life is again becoming realistic, Gaudily dressed, with garieh ribbon?, bows, sashes, and trumpery, her face blotched, puffed, swollen and unwashed, this morning the pin has slipped out of her dress, her neck and bosom are half bared, her eyes are sodden and bleared, she caroused last night and every night perhaps. By that glimpse at the contour of her features you have seen through ram and beer stains» years of vice and iniquitous living. You have dis- cerned lingering lines of a faet fading beauty. On she goes to her den : every one makes room for her, the good pity, the elegant artificialities ecorn her, and give her a wide berth. Perhaps there are times when the soul of that bad, sad woman struggles up to battered and shattered consciousness, and sings wailingly Once I wob pure as the snow, but I fell, Pell like the anowflakes from heaven to bell. Henry Kendall used to tell me how deeply " Beauti- ful Snow" used to affect him. Sir, it fetched a tear from everything but granite. What then of her, poor fallen wretch. Oh how pitiful, In a whole city full Friend she had none. The pulse of the city throbs stronger; every artery is full, Gentile and Israelite, prelate and priest, rev. and right rev. gentlemen of every order, large pauncbed, fine broadclothed, white cravated, ecclesiastics, high church and low church, beggar and merchant prince, what an olia podrida-penury and plenty, lawn and rags, truth and falsehood, honour and fraud, virtue and vice ; scheming, plotting, conspiring, and syndi- cate manufactories, who invent companies, who are prepared to plunder our colonies of tracte of land expansive enough for individual states ; magistrates, senators, bishops, garrotera, and gutter snipes. How that vast, strong current of human life flows on and on, with its bright and joyous hopes and unextin guishable despair, its suppressed heart-moaningsand waitings for bread, and for "rest for the weary heart," and its thousands and its millions in the bank, and in cattle, in woul and in land, or in houses. As the patricians of Rome cared little for the miseries and hunger of the plebians, quasi patricians do the same to-day. Change your position, and watch that old decrepid blind man grinding his "hurdy gurdy." Not one of those rich, well-fed, jewelled men and women give a copper. You watch and see that it i always the bumble who know the austere logic ot want ; it is they who give. When the widow gave her " mite" she made a great self-sacrifice to give it* So do those who generally give to the' poorTneedy' and tffiicted. Let it be a solace to such that it is recorded, "The Lord loveth a cheerful giver." We have glanced at soma of the city life. Let the curtain fall over it at present, I have a more painful picture to paint when I have time, Let us lift it one century hence. Nature has worked a greater marvel than ever did Kas'ern magicians, Do you ask what ha3 become of all the faces, features, peo- ple, beautiful women and strong men P All is changed, faces, costumes, manner, deportment-all the squalor, many of the social inequalities, elegant society girls, and dudes who dresaed like apea and talked like idiots. I answer you they have all gone to. carbonic acidj gas, to phosphate of lime, to ammonia, te water, to chloride of sodium, to thin air, to green grass, to build up cabbages, to fatten cattle and to give beauty and odour to flowers, But where are the grave yards, the monumental marbles, the carved grave stone, and the well built vaults F I answer you : tho contractors long siuce purchased your marble columns and weather-eaten grave-stones for building material. The vaults are the founda- tions of great buildings, the cemeteries are horse bazaars and gymnasiums. But what of these pompous men who looked eo wise and im- portant that it seemed as if the weight of the world and the destinies of nations rested on them. Is there no historical record ? For instance, I saw tho 'Hon. James Brunker, the hon. Treasurer (Mr. Dibbs), and the Premier (Mr. Stuart), walking in arm and arm ; and I heard them when they with solemn earnestness discussed the financial scheme for 1884. Ah, there you have me, Look out for some ancient " blue book ;" hunt up an antiquated copy of the Mercury, or of the Herald. As for the other papers of 1831, like n lighted wax candle, they have dissolved into carbonic gas and water. Oh yet ve trugt that, somehow, good Will be the final goal ot ill, To pangs ot nature, sins of will, Defeoteof doubt, and taints of blood. That nothing walks with aimless feet, That not one life will be destroyed, Or cast bb rubbish to tho void, When God bath made the pile complete. That not a worm is cloven in vain ;\ That not a moth with vain desire. Shall shrivel in a irultlesa fire, Or to subserve another's gain. Alas I we know not anything; We only know that good may fall ; At last-far oil-at last to all, And every winter change to spring. One watch set right will do to try many by ; but, on the other hand, one that goes wrong may be the means of misleading a whole neighbourhood; and the same may be said of the example we individually set to those around us. " The stability of your Institutions In tho United States 1b owing to the absence of politicians," says the Sultan In his recent Interview, 0, you jolly old joker ! Chicago drinking water has been analyzed again. They have managed to find twenty-two different kinds of animal life in It this time, It ought to maka first-class soup. Detroit is the place above all others to hold both National political conventions next year. It 1b only a trip of five minutes into Canada in cass anything happens. Grand Eapids decides to drop electric lights and resume gas. William Waldo waa fatally injured by the bursting of a grindstone at Fort Wayne, Indiana. The ruling passion is strong in a schoolmaster. Mumm's the word-The fashionable word. England la preparing to protect her interests In China. That muet be what Is meant by a bull in a cbina shop. 