GENERAL GOSSIP. BY "Puck." The breach made in the City Council by the much regretted death of Cr. Jackson seems to be in a fair way of being filled up by a capable man, judging from the names that are freely spoken of, as well as those that have been already announced. This is a capital sign of the times, and Darling Ward is lucky in being the object of so many persons' aspirations and affectionate regard. But whoever is elected it is to be hoped will not prove lover-like to the extent of allowing possession to rob the object of half its charm. The contractor for lighting tho city lamps is evidently a man with a sense of humor, but 1 should say his great point is a love of accuracy. He pathetically demurs at a charge of wasting tho ratepayers' gas for two long hours, while ha naively admits an hour and a quarter as the full amount of waste. Poor ratepayers ! Happy gas company 1 No wonder the fatness of the land is yours, and tho misery of darkness theirs When there should be light. But, why waste philosophy on such a light subject except one could hope to impress upon the powers that be the absolute necessity to make it more light, and the real absurdity it is to see those usually good suggestions of what is called making dark ness visible—the city lamps—trying to outvie old Sol in seeing daylight to bed. The cab inspection has gone on merrily, and for a time one may expect a moderate degree of comfort and cleanliness, and if such is extended all the year round it would be one charming round of pleasure to ride in a cab, especially if Cabby, on all the routes, could be induced or compelled, (it docs not matter ..which) to run a little more for the public convenience than for his own personal gratification. Perhaps if Mr. Kuight once took to tho subject kindly he might be led to see the advisability of drawing up one of his effective rules, with a time-table for each route, which Cabby should be com pelled to follow, and so the public would know when and where to catch a cab without being subjected to wait till a cabdriver's five minutes elapse, especially as it takes a good many fives on some of the routes to make a start, and if it were an object to Bave time one had better walk; . The present Government have been singularly successful in having it all their own way during the session, and like spoiled chil dren, or the proverbial beggar who gets on horseback, they bring on their own ruin by wilfulness and want of discretion, and yet we hear how completely shattered in health the two chiefs have become through too much devotion .to an ungrateful country. But it is quite evident they are sufficiently strong even at the close pf a remarkably one-sided legis lative session to deal a blow on the poor by impoverishing their institutions and iVorryiHg their guardians; and this as in many cases of alterations without improvement to suit them selves and perhaps their ill-preserved finances, and not as a matter of doing the will of the people who set them on their pinnacle. But perhaps it would be just as well to look upon tho little farce as a further evidence of softening of the brain before tho final collapse into obscurity, for I am seriously told that even Cabinet Ministers are subject to this fell disease. •The demise of Mr. Harry Edwards, of White Hart fame, has sent all the gossips whispering and wondering, not so much because that gentle man died, but on account of those dishonored cheques, which his executors are said to have in their possesion, and which may be held in ter rorism over the heads of a few living members ol Parliament. Of course the dead won't feel it much, but relatives may. There may be some justification for the anxiety of the gentle public to get the whole cleared up, on the grounds of placing those already above suspicion on a still higher pedestal, and by a tinlely exposure, giving the country a fitting opportunity of judging; certainly vox populi ia not always to be construed into vox Dei. At last Mr. M'Coll may is congratulated on scoring a huge success. The stony hearts of our legislators have melted by the constant dripping of that verbal water, water which no banter from stage, press, or confrere has been able to turn aside from the course its advocate intended, that of irrigating the northern deserts, a course which there is every likelihood now the precious element will pursue under engineering" sliill and to the utter satisfaction of its devoted pleader. In the not very distant future the " grand canawl" will not have pleasantry enough in it to call up even the ghost of a smile, as water will be everywhere and plenty to drink also; and will it be very surprising if the next generation should be rather given to lose their bonnets in the air (as tho barges float by to inland centres) and with an hurrah 1 cry out, 'twas the M'Coll did it. May his shadow never grow less nor his clan less persevering. Great coincidences are not every day oc currences, therefore there is not much wonder at their occupying a certain amount of atten tion when they do occur in the cycle of time. It has been often written, and faithfully be lieved in, that America was great from all points. Physically it tops everything, and as for wealth and enterprise it is a standing wonder. It is not surprising, then, that this acknowledged great country should supply the gigantic half of the coincidence under notice. Most persons have heard of the great millionaire Vanderbilt, but it will be news to hear that he has learned to be generous, as he has only lately seen fit to undo his purse strings to benefit the land which yielded him his wealth. Yet he began nobly, and to the tune of £100,000 for the purposo of building a college for physicians and surgeons on a scale of usefulness and magnificence worthy of the giver and the City of New York. The other part of the coincidence we have the honor of supplying in the shape of Mr. J. B. Watson's handsome donation to the Deniliquin Hospital. As a matter of fact no one is much surprised that it should come to that, for pent up generosity is like pent up passion which forces an outlet sometime, but where a scintilla of wonder can cree_p in is that charity should go so far from home. Although every one i3 ready to congratulate the lucky institution which has wooed our Vanderbilt so successfully, for there are sure and certain hopes remaining still that a few of the stray crumbs may yet assuage the disease and poverty at our door. This reminds me of the season which gives ample opportunity to everyone to dry a tear or fill an empty cupboard with not only the necessaries but a few of the luxuries of life, remembering how blessed it is to give and so fulfil a most happy obligation of not only wealth but of plenty, as most people can find many with far less means than themselves, but those in absolute want are the objects to be sought out. Sandhurst is not without societies of ladies, able and will ing to do all this and more for those who have neither timo nor inclination to do it for them selves, and this should be remembered when indolent, although perhaps very good natured individuals may be too ready to say, " Oh, I don't know of any real poor whom I could re lieve;" or perhaps- " they may be offended if I offered relief." Let everyone send what he can to the institutions and societies, or even to the police poor-box, and if they really interest themselves they will learn how poverty gaunt and grim exists in our midst. There is not very much need, though I am happy to say to remind fellow Bendigonians of the beauty of charity, as it is very fairly practised, and with a spirit worthy of praise and emulation, which calls forth an approving smile from "Puck," and the time honored greeting—" A merry Christmas to all, and a bright and prosperous New Year." A Singular Experiscent.—The Fish Culture j Jouriutl states that the- truth of the assertion recently made by an American authority to the effect that brandy acts as immediate means of re vivifying fish on tho point of expiration, has been completely vindicated by Mr. W. Oldham Chambers, secretary of tho National Fish Culture Association, who conducted an experiment in the presence of several gentlemen at South Ken sington on the 1st inst. Taking two Prussian ; carp from tho tanks of the aquarium, he deposited them in separate dry cans, adorning one with blue ribbon to distinguish it from tho other, which was selcctedfor the administration of spirituous liquors. Afteralapso of _four hours tho fish were placed in water, evident signs of expiration being apparent in both cases. A small quantity of brandy and water was then given to to the carp selected for the imbibition of intoxicating liquors through the medium of a feather; and no sooner was the fish replaced in water than it was quickly restored to vigor and strength. The carp enlisted under the banner of the " Blue Ribbon League " to all ap pearances died half an hour after its more fortunate associate, and was taken out of the water and thrown on tho ground. About four hours later, however, the fish was picked up by Mr. Chambers, who observed it by appearance to be in rigor mortis. Ho at once operated on the seemingly I inanimate fish by opening its mouth and pouring a dose of brandy and water down its throat and again putting it in the water, when to his astonish ment ho noticed slight signs of animation. For ! fivo minutes the unfortunate object of the experi ment floated helplessly on its side, when presently to tho still greater amazement of Mr. Chambers, and those who watched tho experiment, it gradu ally asserted itself in the water, and with consider able effort made use of its fins—feebly at first, but aftorwards energetically. Both the resuscitated fishes, who show no signs of their late prostration, are now in the tanks as ubusI, 