`Diane De Lys. T Diane De Lys O'Rourke sat alone moodily in her father's mansion, William street. A shadow of sadness o'erspread her go-as-you please countenance. The dexter finger of her right hand sought the dimple in her off- cheek and remained embedded there. Her nose was " tip.tilted,"'like the petal of a flower, while her back hair was donenp a la retrvouse. (Nothing like detail to commence with.) "Ah, m'e Would he were here I (A yard. and-i.half sigh.) D But cruel fate hath or dained it elewisee. Woe's me I Oh, father,. father I Why do yoen conspire eachly against yoor'daughter's happiness" ' There is a knock at the door." ' " Come in." A' young man of about'twenty autinos enters. He is stately in figure, manly in proe 'portions, and presents a noble presence, not withstanding the brick-doat that bedecks his hat; and slight splashes of mortar that cling to his trousers ' " . "Diaine 1" " Horace 1" ' " There was a collision and an explosion like unto thatwhich'woold be produced by the coming together of two arial dynamite maiga rises. Both hands in her's,' he held her out at arm's length,' and threw '' piercing glance into her azure.brown eyes. (A pause.) "Onions, Horace 1" she qioth. "No i be me soul, i've not eaten any." "Ah I hal Ye have. I aked yo not what •maed the leasusre of that odoriferous em all." " Forgive me, the, 'gentle Horace. It was not I that ate the fragrant bulbs. It was me conscience." "Then, be all the gods on high Olympus, I will berevenged. Unbare thychaste bosom and with my trosty Toledo (0.) blade, I'll pierce 'that craven, treacherous, and vulgar tasted conscience to the heart." "Be it so, then. Horatio. I would not have it. Take the dastard's worthless life I" These are not intended for sword thrusts, as many might imagine; He was only in haling the aroma of some more onions. The father of Diane ?onters, and stealthily ap 'proaching that portion of the anatomy of the brave' knight which was not in front, ad dressed him in a loud tone of voice and his brogans " See hero, young felley, phwat for do ye be adoin' ? Haven't I freckwently tould ye not fur to be cummin' roun' here afther me daughter? Git out, ye young eonof a tinker. Go 'boick an' carry up dhat inorthar. An' you, ye young throllop, go into the kitchen an' put a sixpenny shine onto yer father's dinner bucket." . Horace spoke up in manly tones-" I 'will. me noble seniorand esteemed good master. I go, but of mine own accord," and he made a graceful exit L. 1 E. ': With frantic 'seream she threw herself on her knees at the feet of her noble sire, wet ting his brogans with her tears, and in pite ons accents exclaimed "0, cruel father, how ill- timed thou art, Two loving ones thus ruthles ly to part ! 'Why not my idol till to-morrow spare ? He said he'd purchase me some new back hair," "Bark hairful now," the angry father said, "Back hair I strike," in awful rage he cried. The maiden listened, then she fell back dead, At which the father also quickly died. The awful pull went forth upon the air, It struck poor lorace, leaning 'gainst a post; " This is too much," he cried in wild despair, And toppling over yielded up the ghost. Having successfully killed all the char acters in the drama, now is the time for slow curtain and weeping widow music. The reader may put it min gobs to suit his own taste. 