ialcs m& fkctcfces. SILAS MONK. IS FOOB CHAPTERS. — CONCLUSION- The Btrcets in the old city was dark and des erted as the detective and Waiter TUteroft hasten to them towards Crutched Friars. The street-lamps cast limited spaces of light upon the fronts of lofty warehouses and c«qd ting houses, leaving limitless spaces of shadow about and above. The windows of these mftnainnn have the blankness of blind eyes ; the great, black, massive office- doors are firmly closed ; and the greater doors of the warehouses are fastened with liuse padlocks and chains, like prisons, or places with dead secrets made 'safe in the custody of night. Not a word ib spoken. The two men, ear nestly bent on their search, walk along with the echoes of their footsteps sounding loudly in their eara ; whiie the tap on the pavement of Fenwick'e stick falls with a musical ring, as though it were gifted with the power, like a magic wand, of chasing the echoes away. When they presently stop at the entrance to the counting- house of Armytage and Com pany, the detective procJnces a latchkey, opens the door, and leads the way into the house. As soon as Walter has entered and tbe door is elosed behind him, Fen wick draws forth a - lark -lantern, which he flashes un ceremoniously in the young clerk's face * 1 call tills iigbt,' saya Fen wick, * my eye.' Walter stares at it, and blinks. * It has peered into and pierced through many a dark deed.— Catch hold V Walter, with trembling expectation, takes the lantern. ' Throw the light upon the keyhole ?' cried Fenwick. 4 I will open the dooi.' He rattles as be speaks, a bunch of keys. * Which keyhole first V Walter asks. 'The strong-room.' Walter shows the way. They pass through the clerks* office and reach the iron-bound door of the strong-room. The keyhole is rusty with age ; and when Fcnwick stoops and applies the Key. there 1b a grating sound inside the lock like the grinding of teeth. As soon as the door is tin-own open, Walter, with quick beating heart, flings the light for ward into the room ; that strange fancy com ing over him that his eyes will encounter the ghostly form of the old miser, as he had im white shroud, 'lftncWiF round his heap of gold. But finding nothing except dark walls, he boldly steps in. The high stool beside the old desk, where he has so often seen Silas Monk sitting and poring over large ledgers, is vacant, and the ledgers arc lying about on the desk, closed. 'Now,' says Fenwick, 'give me the lant ern. Walter complies, and the detective flashes the light about from ofrfl'ng to floor. Suddenly the two men are startled by a stifled cry. Fenwick casts his lantern angrily upon Walter's face, aathongh he suspects him offoving uttered it The clerk s eyes are terror-stricken and bis face deadly pale, * What* s that? asks the detective. Walter clutches at Fenwick's wrist * It is die cry which I heard this afternoon.' * What do yon mean?1 The light of the lantern is b*Q1 on Waiter's {ace as he answers : ' I was seated at my desk. The cry came from this room ; bnt I tfinnofct it wns a. funcv. At thai, -moment Mr. Armytage sent for me, and I was afraid, if I mentioned it, that tbe clerks would laugh at me.' * Why V asks Fenwick, -with surprise, * Do yon believe in ghosts V « N— no,' says Walter with some hesitation. « Bat that cry did seem rather ghostly too.1 * Nonsense ! It is Silas Mont.1 *But it sounded,' continued Walter, *as though h. were in this room.' ?That's true.' ?Then it must be his ghost ; for there is no living being here except ourselves.* Fenwick again flashes the light from ceiling to floor, as though to make sore of thiB. Then he says : * Kneel down, my lad- Place your ear to the ground, and listen.' Walter quickly obeys ; and for some minutes a dead silence reigns in the strong-room. The beating of his heart is all that Tiltcroft hears -. and all that he is otherwise conscious of is that Fenwick's ' eye* is watching the side of his face uppermost on the floor as he lies there listening. Their patience 1b presently re warded. Their ears ore filled with another cry, pitiable and more prolonged. Walter springs to his feet. * It is there '* he *'? Below V ' Yes ; directly beneath our feet.' Tbe detective begins to examine the flooring. Inch by inch the *eye' wanders over the ground. An antique threadbare drugget is moved on one m.Ic; packets of papers, ledgers, and lunitwr an? shift**! from one corner to another. * At last Keuwick lights upon a circular hole about the size of a crown-piece, scarcely an inch deep. *Ah ': cries he, * now we are on the track.' He takes from his pocket a penknife, seoo about, and turns up a ring attached to the floor. He puts his large muscular thumb into this ring, and gives a jerk- A patch three or four feet square in the boarding ib detached. ? A trap-door V cries Kenwiuk. * Stand So it proves — a trap-door, which the -Ie- tective quickly raises, revealing pitcli'darknctss *%?&£?-*. Fenwiok : ? HI fo!W Walter looks down, hesitating. But- hen the light is thrown that way, and he uforves that there are steps leading into the^b«cun^ be takes the lead. The descent s^£J end light from the lantern falls upon something which glitters on the ground on all sides. ' -;old ?' cries Walter. His feet tnoch the ground. He stoops and picks u\$ a handful uf sovereigns. * Tut* place is a vault, and it is paved with gold.— What's that*' He points iO something in one comer like a human form. The detective steps forwanl and bends down, throwing the light upon a ghastly wrinkled face. The small eyes glitter like the gold, as though they had caught the re flection, and the long lean fingers arc clutch ing sovereigns and raking them up. Fcnwick touches the miser on the shoulder. * What is all t-*'s ? asks he. ' Have you lost your The old man utters a cry of distress which has in it a ring of madness. ' Sneak to him, my lad,' savs Fenwick. * He will perhaps recognise your voice.' Walter kneeb) and takes the old miser's hand. * Mr. Monk,' says he, ' do you know me? lam Walter Tiltcroft, your friend.' Silas Monk looks up, bnrst* into a wild fit of laughter, and then falls Itack senseless. The detective lifts the old man in his strong arms as though handling a child. * Ascend the ladder !' cries he quickly to Walter, * and show a light ; not a moment must be lost in getting the old man home.' Silas Monk was taken back t-- his tumble down dwelling in the dismal row, ;uid was tended with all possible care by his devoted grand daughter. His recovery to a certain point was rapid. But tie mental condition was curiously impaired. His brain had lost its force : no recollection of the past survived. H'i- mi-mnrr KMtinii.l trt hn Vi- f\i*A intii Hn.rk ness, and to be resting there and sleeping — a darkness into which it was safer not to admit a single ray of light. This was tht bitter irony displayed )-y nature when granting to this old miser a further extension to his lease of life. For time out of mind, Silas Monk had Ijecn governed by a master-passion — his only thought that of hoarding gold. The glitter, like sunlight, had pierced his cold leart, and had helped to keep it beating ; and it would almost seem as though the warmt which this gold had driven into his veins still lingered there, mm', helped to sustain vitality. even when the memory which had given birth to all this agitation was dead. It had been thought advisable by those who ritudy the mysterious workings of the mind, that gold should be concealed from the siffht of Silas Monk, and. if no&sible.; even the sound of it, in order that his memory might rest dormant and his life be prolonged. One evening the old 'iftn was seated in his armchair before the fire, with closed eyes. Rachel sat on a low stool at his feet, holding his hand. On the other side of the hearth was Walter Tiltcroft. ' Walter,' said the girl in a low voice, ' you hardly know how happy I am, now that grandfather mn cive me ptl hi« love. He t.hinL-a no more about his* ? She stopped and looked up at her grand -father's face, frightened that even the mention at gold should reach bis eara. ' Ah !' cried Walter with a sigh, ' how many are there, I wonder, in this old city whose Tniprip would be less disturbed if that precious word was forbidden to be uttered in their pre sence? Does not your grandfather already look less pale and haggard than he did a few weeks ago? * Indeed, he does,' replied RacheL 'He remembers both of us when we are near him. He seems to need nothing now except our affection-' Walter took the girl's disengaged hand and said : ' Rachel ! Let me be near you and him. Why should we not be one, and watcb over grandfather together V At the young man's words, a look of ntptnre crossed the girl's face. ' Dear Walter,' cried she, * that is all 1 wish for in this world *' She spoke like a true and tender woman— from her heart. Seated there by that homely fireside, with the only two beings who were dear to her, she never thought, or cared to think, that all the gold which Walter Tilt croft and the detective had found in the vault below the strong-room in Cmtched Friars would one day belong to her— that, when her grandfather died, she would be a great heiress — worth, indeed-, some thousands of ponnds. AH she thought of, with that look of raptnre in her face, was that she had gained Walter Tiltcroft's love Meanwhile, Joe (Jritnrood having 1-een accused of the robberv in Crutched Kriare, was tried, and convicted. Thereupon, he made a full confession. For Home days t-cfore committing the theft, he had ua.fc.-hed NiUs Monk from the scaffolding, after the rest of the workmen had gone. Through a chink in tbe old shutter he had observed every move ment of the old miser. He had seen Silas Monk rui« the trap-door which led int« the vault ; he hnd seen him descend with his lan tern and bring up bag after hag of gold, and pour it out on the desk before him. Watch ing in Crutciird Friars, after having been ehnwn to the door by Walter Tiltrmft, he had seen the young clerk leave the premises. Re-entering the hoose by mean? of a key which he had taken the precaution to forge, hft had gone straight to the strong-room, where Ik' had met M-ith unexpected resistance. Silas Monk had displayed, according to -*riin- rood's statement, almost Mi|-emauir« strength ; defending his gold as a tigress de fends ln-r young ones, with a savage leap nt the workman's throat. When utterly ex hausted, -jrinirood liad carrivi' Silos down into the vault aud had closed the trap-door upon him. Then, having placed all the gold with which the desk was covered, into the Ikif^i, the burglar had decamped, making bib way tt- the docks, and securiu-; a berth on board an emigrant ship which was on the point of dejxirturo for the high t»eas. Thus it happened that, but for the shrewd have been left to die in the vault under the strong-room in Crutched Friars, and * the mystery of .Silas Monk, would have remained a mystery to the prcueut day. All this occurred some years ago. Silas Monk is long dead ; and Walter Tiltcroft, who married the old miser's grand -daughter, is now a merchant- prince. He purchased, soon after the death of Mr. Armytage, a part nership in the great firm : and thus the gold which old Silas had hoarded up in Crutched Friars proved the means, to a Teat extent) of making Walter Tiltcroft's fortune. Chant tttTe'i- Journal. 