GEOFFREY STIRLING. BY MBS. LEITH ADAMS, PAET IL—CHAPTER XL {Concluded.) "She's a fine figure of a woman is Mrs. Heater Devenant, Baid Amos Callender, with the air of one who is a judge in snoh delicate matters; " but I'm not so sura she's one as I'd care to have a watchin' of me when I was laid low. There's a deal too much of the Siserrer about her for that job to my mind." '* What art 'ee diivin' at ?' said the farmer, his face broadening to a grin. "Her as war so handy wi't' joiner's tools as some fule had lef lying handy," replied Amos sententioosly. " Well, if she hit the reet nail on t' thee hasn't," laughed the fanner. " 'Tis yo' mean, mon, and a rare bad wench she were, too. in my opinion, full o' deceit and lies. I'd fain hope she as has gone to watch by Squire Stirling: ain't fashioned after such a sorry pattern. It says sammat for Hester Devenant that she took upon hersel' charitable office." ''They say," persisted Jake (who had no mind to lose nis reputation as the best- Informed gossip in Becklington), "that she vent to the Vicar and entreated, even with sighing and tears, to be let tak' a hand in a' the watchin' and tendin' up at the great house, so that he hadnt the heart to say her nay. I'm told that her own daughter spoke op for her and said how marvellous well she nursed an old Frenchman years ago, and how lie couldn't abide her out o* his eight—and that's how the thing came about." She's not one given to much sighing and tears isn't Hester Devenant, all tne same," said the fanner; "I mind well meetin' her the very night as po'r Gabriel put hisself away, and her eyes were dry—aye, an' bright too—though she was sore beset, as ony mon might see; pale as yon ghost we wot of, and wi her honds twistin' and turnin' and eqaeegdin' one in the other like livin' critturs in pain. She's lived a lonesome life bas Hester Devenant, and kep' the world at arm's length, as the savin' goes: but she's come out o' hersen at last and done a good deed, for the Vicar'B lady is sick and Nurse Prettyman laid by, and it really wants a female kind, and no mistake, to see to a sick man; while, as to paid nurses, they ain't good for much, bein' fuller of thought for to pamper their own stommicks among strange victuals than for the sick and aufierin' given over to their care." Assuredly no lighter-handed, softer-footed nurse ever held sway in a sickroom than Hester Devenant—at least, such was the verdict of Dale End. It seemed as if all hardness, all coldness of character had dropped from her like a mere husk or garment as she crossed the threshold of Geoffrey Stirling's room. Cnthbert Deane, eager to make reparation lor all past injustice towards her, went almost joyfully home to tell his spouse of this pearl of price that had been found, this quiet, helpful woman who had come forward to lend her aid to a good and holy work. " The whole place seemed to change—the room and everything in it. She has such a gift of orderly management as I never saw equalled," said t he Vicar with enthusiasm. "Turtle was delighted with the intelligent way in which she grasped the complete aspect of the case; and I am glad to be able to come home to you to-night, for you are vray sadly, mypoor Alicia V His poor Alicia! having token a violent cold, bad no voice, or only the husky remnant of a voice to answer him with ; tout, even making all allowances, he could not forbear the reflection that illness makes even the sweetest natures more or less petulant, for Alicia showed little warmth of interest in the story of Mrs. Devenant's excellent qualities as a nurse, and even drew her hand somewhat abruptly from her husband's—that nest in which it ever loved to nestle—as he enlarged upon the theme. " I am'sorry she is there—sorry die has got into the house at all. I am very wicked, I dare say, Cnthbert, but I thoroughly distrust her, and—I love the Squire. Yes, you see, 1 do not mind calling him by the dear old name. He has been so good to me—BO good tome!" Here Alicia's hoarse utterances began to break into sobs, and her husband could think of nothing better to do than draw the poor aching head upon his shoulder, and touch the xnffled hair gently with loving fingers. "Nobody liked Mrs. Devenant less than you, >t one time," persisted Mrs. Alicia, taking kindly enough to the position assigned fc^ bat determined to have her say, never " I know," returned the Vicar sadly;" but it was an unjust prejudice, and 4I set it aside once I recognisedTit to be such." " It wasn't, it was an instinct—it was true —like the instinct that prompted you to go up to Dale End ever so late on New Tears night; never to mind putting your boots on again, and taking off yonr.nice warm slippers, and'setting off in the bitter cold—but juBt going because the instinct prompted you, and broiught yon to poor .Davev's aid when he needed you so sorely. I believe In instinct; and I tell you I instinctively distrust that woman; and feel, yes, dear Cnthbert, know, that there is something strange about her, something bitter and terrible—held down, if Ton will, kept In check, but still there." _ It is hard work talking when your throat is raw, and every word hurts lamentably, and Alicia was red and breathless when she had said that say of hers. "Was Hilda here to-nightV' were the Vicar's next words. "Yes; I wanted her to stay, being alone; but she would not; she said sne was restless, and would rather spend the night at home. Hilda has grown very fond of the White House; she says she loves to listen to the sound of the river as she lies awake." " She iB a strange child." " Hardly a child, Cuthbert, now. Hilda is fast growing into a woman; in heart and mind she is older than her years; but you are right, dear, she is strange, more especially cf late." "How so V " There is a kind of fear over her. I cannot tell of what. Sometimes I fancy Bhe does not know herself—sometimes I fancy it is fear of one with whom perfect love should make fear impossible." "Her mother?" " Who else should it be ?" " Dear wife, yon are full of prejudice—a prejudice that 1, alas i helped to ouild up —full of a sick woman's fancies too to-night. Truly it seemed so, for at that very hour, had any one glanced through the windows of_ the "Bauire's rooms," at Dale End, they might well have thought Hester Devenant no poor representative of woman in the character of a " ministering angel." Her soft clinging robe made no rustle; the black lace that coifed her beautiful head Buggested nothing less than the soothing idea of a sister of mercy. Long since her shapely hands had acquired a softness and fairness that betrayed no trace of the homely toil of earlier days. The fanner's daughter might have been a duchess for any signs of rustic origin that clung to her nowadays. . She stood opposite the tall, narrow mirror in which Geoffrey Stirling had seen his own death-stricken face reflected. One hand rested on the narrow shelf, the other lay in the Strong grasp ofDavey's. Davey—worn and weary with long and hurried journeying —weary and worn too with fruitless searching into the fate of the illstarred Aladdin. If one faint ray of hope had ever shone, that hope was gone. Should Geoffrey Stirling awake to the reality of all things—should that mist of confused thought that now veiled his senses clear away—should he ask if any tidings of his son—hiB only son—had reached the ears of those about him, no answer was possible rave that all had been done that could be done—and that naught was of any avail. VThat is what Dr. Turtle fears," stud Mrs. Devenant; "his waking once more to the fresh knowledge of his loss"— "But you,' said Davey eagerly, "you think more hopefully? You have fewer fears?" ' My opinion does not count for much." " With me it does. You are always—have always been—so wise; you must know better thttn the rest; and do you think, dear Mrs. Devenant, that my master may yet live—yet fce restored to us ?" He trembled with eagerness as he spoke. He *seemed to hang upon her lips for an answer." He had travelled far. Forgetful of his physical needs in the intensity of anxiety that possessed his soul, he had eaten little. A ow the strain began to telL He sank wearily into Geoffrey Stirling's chair, laying his head back and looking wistfuUyupto Hester. ,. .Pavey." she said, and her pale face lighted up with that wonderful smile that had set Gabriel Devenanfs heart beating in \- ir A a y®> "yon are tired out. Fancy, just for this once, that I am your mother, and you a child bound to obey. Go and rest Ask me no more questions. To-morrow will be time enough to talk these matters over. Tod leave your master in safe hands. You may take your fill of sleep. Do as I tell you fcoy." * ' With the last word, Hester bent her tall head suddenly, and just touched with her lips the broad brow from which Davey's fair locks fell back. He caught her hand, pressing it to his heart, his lips. " Yes," he Baid, " yes; let me call you mother. I, who have never known a mother's love, shall know it henceforth and for ever, Hilda?— But a hand was laid upon his mouth, Stifling his words. "See," said Hester, "the door is ajar; he hears you, and is stirring. Go !" " One word," he whispered. " It is beautiful to find you here, doing a beautiful work. Good-night, mother!" Again be would have caught her hand, but she waved.him.back; and so softly, for fear of disturbing the siok man, he went to seek the rest so sorely needed. 