Mf .. — - — -rir-- i THE BABBIT PEST. 1 i No. VI. (PROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) Thn rising litlio township «i Werraoknabeal is situated on tho bank of the Yarriainbiaclc Creek, and in tho centre of n thriving agricul tural district. In this formidably named creek tlie water, dammed back by weirs, stands bank high at tho rear of the township, and for some miles up and down. Although tortcocs in its course, it is a fine strip of water, frooly admitting of boating being in- dnlgcd in. At the period of my visit the collective mind of Werrnoknabealeans is agitated to its depths by two distinct mattors, and the sensations produced in each case ore widely different in character. In connection with the first of these matters — namely, the proposal in the new Railway Bill to construct a line from Murtoa to Werraok nabeal — a feeling of joy and gladness permeates tbe little community, slightly sobered though by tbe agonising dread which thrusts itself forward at odd times, like nnotiier Banquo's ghost, tbat the lords of the Council might, iu a moment of obstinacy or indigestion, throw the tiling overboard.' The occasion for anxiety on this score has, however, now passed away. The second matter — and although it does toko second place it still receives no insignifi cant amount of attention— relates to the appointment of the vermin board which is to administer the provisions of tlio law re lating to the destruction of rabbits on the mallee allotments in the neighboring district. Indignation is the sentiment which prevails in regards to this, for Werraoknabeal shares the views expressed iu the lost of these articles, wherein reference is mode to the fact tbat candidates for seats upon these boards must, in order to be legally qualiGed, bold a good stretch of rabbit country. In this district thero are many persons who have taken up mallee allotments, but either there are none whose rental will amount to the pre- scribed £10 per annum, or, if there are any, the others did not choose to nominate them. However this mnv be, tho persons whose nominations wore offered locally did not .possess the requisite qualification, and amidst a scene ot some excitement the nominations were rejected. So that this locality is mirepreseuted on the district board, and the people are now occupying their leisure time in endeavoring to understand the wisdom of a principle the application of which is equivalent to saying, for example, that the merchant who has tho biggest stock of adulterated teas is the one upon whom the duty should devolve of hooping his brother traders in the path Of strict commercial recti tude, and generally of prohibiting any but pure Bohea from going into consumption. This township is the hendquartcrs of Mr. Sampson, who has charge of the small party of two or throe men employed under Government i-o do what can be dono towards saving the? crops from being oaten down in this district by robbit3 coming from Crown' tads. As has previously been said tlai relief that can bo afforded in this wny is only temporary. Tbe men nre constantly moving about the district, according as complaints are made to tho officer in charge, and have repeatedly to go over tbo same ground owing to rabbits coming in again from other lands. Before leaving Werracknabeal for Dimboola, which was my next stopping placo, I was driven by Mr. Kolsntl over a por tion of his holding of 2000 acre3 purchased property, which abuts ou tho township. The rabbits hereabout nro very numerous. Mr. Kelsall is endeavoring to keep them down on his own property but there is a patch of mallee behind him, a Government timber reserve of 1000 acres, and somo.seleoted Holdings which are badly infested. He ha»d about 100 acres under crop this season, nnd has lost about 10 acres from one corner through rabbits. On tho back portion of bis' own ground there is an extensive sand bill, cowering about 40 ocres, nnd fnll of burrows. Ho is about to turn this ground over with tlie plougdi, witii the view of dislodging tho vermin, (jri the Government reserve there is another nnd larger 'sand bill, covering an area of about 00 acres, also honeycombed with burrows from ond to end, Mr. Kelsall is doing his beBt to reduce the rabbits, but it is with him as it is with others who nre suffering similarly, and he is not likely to get rid of them nntil a more effective law is brought into operation. Ho has another source of trouble, too, in the shape of dingoes. A few weeks ago a pack of wild dogs camo down tbo scrub one night to a sheep yard situated on tho very edgo of the township and destroyed several sheep. His laud is substantially fenced, but nevertheless bis slump have to be shepherded in the daytime, and yarded in a dog proof fouce at night. From Werraoknabeal to Dimboola is a distance of 37 miles, 1. caving the former town, I pass another of Mr. Kelsall's paddocks, in. which he had abont 20 acres under wheat, tmt tho crop lra9 disappeared from one corner 'through the ravages of rabbits from a neighbor ing selection which is partly cleared but not j cultivated, and upon which there are 20 acres j of sand hills thickly populated by rabbits. About five miles along the Mmrtoa-road I came to tho Werrignr camping reserve, com prising about 500 acres. Of course there are 1 rabbits here, and being a camping reserve, over | which travelling stock might pass nt any time, | it was somewhat puzzling v/heu destroying | operations were commenced to decide bow j the land should lie dealt with. Poison I conld not be laid on the open ! ground, bnt it was eventually arranged that two of the sand hills which formed the principal abiding place of tho rabbits ou tlio reserve should bo stub- fenced, and tlio enclosed areas, comprising two or three acres in euoli instance, used ns poisoning yards, where tho poisoned grain or chaff could bo laid with per- feet safety. Tile plan answered admirubly for a time. Tlie sand hills being bare of feed, tho rabbits wore starved to the poison, which tbey ate greedily, but tbe fence was burrowed under end the depopulated burrows received new tenants from outside. But the places aro still very useful as poisoning grounds. Ou a third sand hill on thiB reserve the post was | awept away by flooding the ground with water I brought through drains from tho Yarriambiack 1 Creek during tbe winter season. The Bandy i soil having been saturated with water, the ' barrows completely collapsed, and the rabbits were eithar smothered or drowned. Travelling in a southerly direction along the Mur'ton-road the Kollnlac reserve, of about ldUO acres, is reached. There aro two or three patches here on which rabbits establish them- - ; selves, bnt thoy arc kept fairly well in hand 1 by the men in the Government employ. Ad- I joining this reserve is a selection, part of whiah is under cnltivation, bnt tbe crop has boen I "requisitioned" in tho usual way by the pest, | which exist in considerable numbers on a por tion of tbe selection itself, j A little further along the road I coma upon the Barret Barret or Kowell East timber re- : serve, comprising no lese an area than 9000 1 acres. It is situated partly in the tVimmera and partly in tho Lowan shire. Formerly it was portion of a run, bnt on the ex- p.'ty of the squatters' lenses in 1880 the land was let nnder annual grazing permits, 600(7 acres being held by Mr. C. Powell and 3000 Mr. A. Scott. Tho entire area is very badly infested, for the permits did not contain the provision relating to tbe destruction of vermin which has latterly been introduced. The Government ooald not, of course, put its men npon tbe land. Theso grazing permits have in many cases proved a source of great mischief. The bconsees will not destroy the rhhblts themsiel ves, and some of them have defied the Government or nnyone else to do it. If poison bo laid withobt their authority they may roh a few scraggy sheep over tho gronnd and then bring a swingeing acrion for damages on account of their loss. About two 1 months ago, however, Mr. Powell transferred I his interest to another person, and, as the lnnd i has hot since been occupied by stock, the local I rabbit inspector hits laid poison abont tho i ground with satisfactory results. Happening | whilst in the district to take up a local news- ; paoer, containing a report of the meeting of the Wimmora shire council, I found the ! following account of a discussion which took ! place at the meeting iu reference to a letter from the Lands department, notifying that a " -Y second man was now employed on the re-! serve in question to destroy rabbits : — ' - Cr. Dili moved, "That the socretArv mate SpriUa-'. tiro (or extra man to be placed on the reserve." 11 . tliero was not tnoro assistance rendered by tbe Go vernment, tho whoioof the farmers near the reserve would Lave their crops tliorouclily destroyed. It was ' iiiiposflible (or ono niantocope with tbo ouiaoQCOb At lensl seven or cicht men should be put on to be able to do any cood, nnd that should be done wltbln the presont month (November), or it would be too late. Cr. Grant seconded the niodon, wbich was carried? severe 1 councillors observing tbat tho present action thinC Govcrnmont ns "ioroly playing1 with tho This is an excellent illustration of tbe medw operandi of shire councils. Thoy ignore com pletely their own large responsibilities .under tho law, nnd keep up a nagging at the Govern ment to carry out tho impossible task of clear- . ing Crown lands whilst occupied country ad" . joining is infested to as bad if not a worse exteut. Will it be believed that this very re- serve is overlapped in places by neglected selections, which are overrun with rabbits, . and are enclosed with brush fences, which pro vido the safest of harbors for tho animals, and which, if the shire councils hod done their duty, would have boen bnrnt or de stroyod under tlie authority of the ait long ago? Apart from tho rabbit question, a deal of dissatisfaction exists locally with re gard to.this reserve. Tho area, it is complained is far too large, and if a timber reserve be required there at all, which is not by any means uuauimonsiy admitted, it is urged that . 3000 instoad of I'OUO acres would be ample for nil useful purposes. The desire is that the land shonld be thrown open for selection. Passing over numcrons minor instance which como under notice on the jonrney to Dimboola, in which selectors have lost from 5 to 20 or 25 acres of crop, I como to the excep tionally hard caso of a struggling selector named Dugald MtLachlan. This man holds 509 acre's of land, and this season had 150 ncres nnder cnltivation. No less than 100 acres of this area had boen eaten bare off to the ground by rabbits at tbo time of my visit, and the progress of the destruction was so rapid that tho poor fellow, seeing tbat the crop would all bo gono before it could possibly ripen, was just about starting to out the re mainder for liay. Tho rabbits came on to his land from tbo Barret reservo just referred to. "About two months ago," says M'Lachlanj "before the Government commenced opera- tions, the rabbits were so thick on tbe re- servo that you would drivo over them. There are not one third tho number there now, but tliey nre still very humorous. If the poisoning were continued until March, the rabbits would bo pretty well aleared, but the worst placo of the lot is one of tlio neighboring Beloction9." Amongst other places nt which I called was the holding of Mr. Ilenry Pearse, Kowell West. Mr. Pearso, who is well known as a grower of prize wheat, having been awarded second prize at the Melbourne International Exhibition, and a gold medal at Amsterdam in tho following year, has 200 of his 610 acres under crop this season. The early sown crops here, as throughout tlio whole district, are lookiug very well, but the late ones are a comparative failure everywhere I have gone. Dimboola is "the gate of the mallee, '' and the local inhabitants draw attention to the, circumstance with apparent prido. There is no other road loading northward to the Victorian boundary for a distance of 25 miles eastward and 26 miles westward. On the east side is dense mallee, and on the west miles upon miles of country covered with a kind of honeysuckle, heath and sand. The township presents an appearance of neatness and cleanliness which favorably impress the visitor, and in tho Wimmera River on tlio western side of the town there is a splendid stretch of water, averaging nearly 20 feet in depth, and extending about 9 mile along tlio clidnncl, although in he eliallower places the river bed is now almost dry. It was my intontiou to go on to Nliill, about 25 miles from Dimboola, bnt I find that there ia no ndvantago to bo gained from going the whole distance. I drove several miles along and about the Hindmarsh and Nhill roads and over and past some of the mallee allotments. The conditions as to rabbits were much the same ns those which havo already been described as existing all along the other por tions of tho fringu of the scrub tliat I hod pre viously visited. Mr. Bennett is the officer who lias tlio supervision of the rabbit destroy ing operations carried on by tho Government "sviiia uiounv.il. sio uan u»w uivil (It HUlftf VUu system pursued being the same as in the other districts which have been referred to in these papers. Their efforts are simply di- rected towards saving crops. The mallee allotments are badly infested, and many selectors nro suffering severe losses. The poor inon nre driven to all sorts of ex pedients with tlio view of protecting them- solves against the rnbbit invasions by which tho result of their year's labor is destroyed. Somo of them are etub fencing their ground, but this i3 an exponsivo work, costing dbont' £S0 per mile, evon wlioro timber is pretty con venient to hand. Evon then it is not always completely effectual, and the selector has to walk around his stub fenced paddocks at fre quent intervals to close up the holes which the rabbits have harrowed nnder the stakes ot which the fence is composed. One worried selector who is close against the mallee fringe has enclosed his crop with hes- sian stretched over a total length of about a mile. This novel plan is a cheaper and readier way of meeting the emergency than either wire netting or stub fencing, though, also, much less effectual. Still if it does not keep the rabbits out altogether, it re strains them to some extent. Mr. Duncan Whyte, who has lately purchased the pre emptive right, consisting of 320 acres, of the old Lochiel station, and who aiso holds two or three mallee allotments, put 28 acres under crop this year on the preemptive land. The rabbits came in on the four sides of the pad dock, and left only 4 acres standing in the centre, into which Mr. Whyte was just about turning his horses, so that the whole of the crop might not be absolutely given up to the invaders. 