THE JILT : A YARN. Part I It was a summer afternoon ; the sun shone mellow upon the south sands of Tenby ; tbe clear blue water sparkled to the horizon, and each ripple, as it came ashore, broke into diamonds. This amver s&na;, oroaa, ooia and smooth as the turf at Lord's — and, in deed, wickets are often pitched on it— has been called 4 Nature's finest promenade yet, owing to the attraction of a flower show, it was now paraded by a single figure — a tall, straight, well-built young man, rather ruddy, but tanned and bronzed by weather ; shaved smooth as an egg, and his collar, his tie, and all his dress very neat and precise. He held a deck glass, and turned every ten yards, though he had a mile to promenade. These signs denoted a good seaman. Yet bis glass swept tbe land more than the water, and that is not like a sailor. This incongruity, however, was soon ex plained and justified. There hove in sight a craft as attractive to every true tar, from an admiral of tbe red to the boatswain's mate, as any cutter, schooner, brig, barque, or ship, and bore down on him with colours flying alow and aloft. Lieutenant Greaves made all sail toward her, for it was Ellen Ap Rioe, the loveliest girl in Wales. He met her with glowing cheeks and sparkling eyes, and thanked her warmly for coming. 4 Indeed you may,' said she; 4 when I piomised, I forgot the flower show.' 4 Dear me,5 said he, 4 what a pity ! I would not have aBked you.' 4 Ob,' said she, 'never mind; I shall not . break my heart ; but it seems so o d you wanting me to come out here, when you are always welcome at our house, and papa so fond of you.' Lieutenant Greaves endeavoured to explain. 4 Why, you see, Miss Ap Rice, I'm expecting my sailing orders down, and before I go I want — And the sight of the sea gives one courage.' 4 Not always ; it gave me a fit of terror the last time I was on it.' 4 Ay, but you are not a sailor ; it gives me courage to say more than I dare in your own house ; you so beautiful, so accomplished, so admired, I am afraid you will never consent to throw yourself away upon a seaman.' Ellen arched her brows. 4 What aTe you saying, Mr. Greaves? Why, it is known all over Tenby that I renounce tbe military, and have vowed to be a sailor's bride.' By this it seems there were oaly two learned professions recognised by the young ladies at Tenby. 4 Ay, ay,' said Greaves, 4 an admiral, or that sort of thing.' 4 Well,' said the young lady, 4 of course be would have to be an admiral — eventually. But they cannot be born admirals.' At this stage of the conversation she preferred not to look Lieutenant Greaves, R.N., in the face ; eo she wrote pothooks and hangers on tbe sand with . her parasol so carefully you would have sworn they must be words of deepest import. 4 From a lieutenant to an admiral is a long way,' said Greaves, sadiy. 4 Yes,' said she archly, 4 it s as far as from Tenby to Yalparaisp, where my cousin Dick sailed to last year — fuch a handsome fellow ! — and there's Gape Horn to weather, but a good deal depends on courage and perseverance.' In uttering this last remark she turned her eye askant a moment, and a flash shot out of it that lighted the sailor's boofhe in a moment. 4 Oh, Miss Ap Rice, do I understand you ? Can I be so fortunate ? If courage, perse verance, and devotion can win you, no other man shall ever — you must have seen ! love 4 It would be odd if I had not, blushing a little, and etuiliug 8'y « ... jl all Tenby has seen it. You don fc bioe it under a bushel. t m.Bn t Tbe young man turned red. a deserve a round dozen at the gangway being fo indelicate.' 4 No, no,' said the young We.abwcma, generously. 4 Wby do I prefer sai ore . Because they are so frank, and open, an artless, and brave. Way, Mr. Greaves, don't you be stupid ; yo r open admiration ia a compliment to any girl ; and I am proua of it, of course,' said she, gen'ly. 4 God bless you,' cried the young ' Now I wish we were at home, that I might go down on my knees to you without mak ing you the town talk. Sweer, lovely, darling Ellen, will yen try and love me . 4 Humph ! If I had not had a great esteem for you, should I be here V 4 Ay, but I am askiac for mare,' said Greaves ; 4 for your affection, and your I promise to wait for roe until I am more than a lieutenant. I dare not ask for your band until I am a poss captain at lea?t. Elieo, sweet Ellen, may I put this on your dear finger ?' 4 Why, it is a ring. No. What for V 4 Let me pat it on, and then I'll tell you.' 4 I declare, if be had not got it ready on purpose !' said she, laughing, and was so extremely amused that she quite forgot to resist, and he whipped it on in a trice. It I was no sooner ou than she pulled a grave I face, and demanded an explanation oi this singular conduct. 4 Is means we are engaged,' said he, joy fully, and flung his cap into the air a great height and caught it. 4 A trap !' screamed she.- 4 Take it off this instant !' 4 Must I?' said he, sadly. 4 Of course you must.' And she crooked I her finger instead of straightening it.- 4 Is won t cotns off,' saidh?, wim morecun- I mug than one would have expected, j 4 No more it will. Well, f must have mv Soger amputated the moment I get home. But mind, I am not to be caught by such I artifices. Yoa must ask papa.' 4 So I will,' cried Greaves, j ryfullv— then, J upon reflection, 4 He ll wonder at my impu I denco.' Oh, no,' said Ellen, demurely; 4 you J know he is mayor of the town, and has the j drolleBt applications made to him at times. Ha ! ha ! ' 4 How shall I ever break it to him / said Greaves. 4 A lieutenant !' 4 Wby, a lieuteuant is a gentleman; and are you not related to one of the First Lords of the Admiralty V 4 Yes. But he won't put me over tbe heads of my betters. All that sort of thing is gone by.' You need not ssy that. Say you are cousin to the First Lord, and then stop That is the way to talk to a Mayor. La ! look at me, telling him what to say — as if I cared. There, now— here comes that tittliDg- tatfcling Mrs. Dodsley, and her whole brood j of children and nurses. She shan't see what I am doing;' and Miss Ap Rice marched swiftly into Merlin's Cave, settled her skirts, ar:d sat down on a stone 4 Oh,' said she, with no great appearance of agitation, 1 what a goose I must be ! This is the last place I ought to have come to ; tbis is where the lovers interchange there vows— the silly things !' This 8rtless speech — if artless it was — brought the roan on his knees to her with such an outburst of honest passion and eloquent love that her cooler nature was I movd as it bad never been before. She was half frightened, but, flattered and tonched, the shed a tear or two, and though she drew away the hand he was mumbling, and said j be oughtn't, and he mustn't, there wae nothing very discouraging in her way, not even when she stopped her ears and said, You should say all this to papa.' As if one I could make as hot love to the Mayor in hit study as to the Mayor's daughter in Merlin'f Cave ! She was coy, and would not stay long in Merlin's Cave after this, but said nothing about going home ; so they emerged from the cave, and strolled toward Giltar Point. Suddenly there issued from the Sound, and buret upon their sight, a beautiful yacht, one hundred and fifty tons or so, cutler-rigged, bowling along before the wind thirteen knots an hour, sails white as snow and well set, bull low and shapely, wire rigging so slim it seemed of whip-cord or mermaid's hair. 4 Ob, Arthur!' cried Ellen, 'what a beauty !' 4 And so she is,' said he, heartily. 4 Bless you for calling me 4i Arthur " ' 4 Ic slipped out — by mistake. Come to the Castle H»ll. I must see her come right in — 44 Arthur." ' Arthur took Ellen's hand, and they hurried to the Castle Hill ; and as they went, kept turning their heads to watch the yacht's manoeuvres ; for a sailor never tires of observing how this or that craft is handled ; and the arrival of a first-class yacht in those fair but uneventful waters Was very exciting to Ellen Ap Rtee. The cutter gave St Catherine's Rock a wide berth, and ran out well to the Woolhouse Reef, then hauled up and stood on the port tack, heading for an anchorage ; but an eddy wind from th3 North Cliff caught her, and she broke off ; so she stood on toward Monkstone Point ; then came about with her berth well under her lee, mistress of the situation, a« landsmen ssy. Arthur i ept explaining her manoeuvres and the necessity for them, and, when she came about, said she was well-behaved— had forereached five times her length — and was smartly handled, too. 4 Ob, yes,' eaid Ellen; a most skilful captain, evidently.' This was too hasty a conclusion for the sober Greaves. 4 Wait till we see him in a cyclone, with all his canvas on that one stick, or working off a lee shore in a nor'- wester. But he can handle a cutter in fair weather and fresh water, that is certain'.' 'Fresh water!' said Ellen. 4 How dare you ! And don't meek people. I can't get enoru-h fresh water in Tenby to wash my hands.' 4 What? Do you want them whiter than % snow!' said Greaves, gloating on them undifl- BU' Arthur, behave, and lend mo the glass.' 1 There, dearest.' , . So then she inspected the vessel, and be inspected the white hand that held the iglasa- It was a binocular, for even seamen . days seldom use the short telescope llJ days ; what might be called a very powerful opera-glass has tiken its P86?-. . ' _ 4 Goodness ine !' eorearoed Ellen, the con- si ruction of which sentence is referred to pedagogues. 4 What is the matter ? 4 The captain ia a blackmoor.' Having satisfied herself of the lacs by continued inspection s he hande the glass to Gceavea. 4 kee ke isn c, shfi Greaves looked ihrrugh the glass and hook leave to contradict her. 4 Blackmoor ! Not he. It is worse. It is a ought to know better— with a beastly black beard right down to bis waistband. 4 Oh, Arthur, how horrid ! and in such a PrG"e»ve'Psm«e i indolgsntly at her c Jling a cotter a chip;' bat ber blunders were beauties — he was in love with her. She took the glass again, and looked and talked at tbe same time. 4 1 wonder what ba brought him ia here?' t 4 To look for a barber, I should hope. 4 Arthur— snppose we were, to send out tne new hairdresser to him? Would is i ot be fun ? Oh ! oh ! oh !' 4 What is it now?5 t , 4 A boat going out to hm. W j1«» I dec are — a boatful of dignitaries.' 4 Mercy on us !' 4 Ye3 ; I ses papa, and I see the secretary of the Cambridge Ciuh, and another gentle- min -a epu'atior, I do believe. No how stupid I am ! Wby, tbe new arrival must be Mr. Laxton, that wrote and told papa ha was ootaiog ; he is the son of ao old friend, a shin-hui :der. P&na; is erne to a'sk bitn to dinner; and I ask you Do come. He will be quite a lion.' f 4 1 am very unfortunate. Can t poesibiy come to-dy. Gor. to dine oa board the TFii rr'or, and meet the prince ; name down ; no g- tting off ' , 4 Oh, what a pity ! It would have been so nice ; you end Captain Laxton together..', 4 Captain Laxt-n ! Who ia be ?' Wby, tbe gentleman with the bsard.' 4 Haog it all, don't call him a captain.' 4 Not wben he has a ship of his own.' 4 So has a collier, and tbe master of a fifhicg lugger. Besides, these swells are only r'a'lr-weather skippers; there's always a Bailing master aboard their vessels that takes tbe command if it blowB a capful of wind.' Indeed! then I despise them. Bat I am sorry you can't come, Arthur.' 4 Are yen really, love ?' 4 Yon know I am.' Then that is all I care for. A duidy yaohternan is no lion to mc.' 4 We ought to go hoais now,' said Eilen, 4 or we shall not have time to dress. He had not only to dreBS, but to drive ten miles ; yet he went with ber to her very door. He put tbe time to profit ; be got her to promise everything short of marrying him without papa's consent, and, as she was ber father's darling and in reality ruled him, not he her, that obstacle did not seem insur mountable. _ That evening tbe master of the yaobi dined at the Mayor's, and was the lion of the even ing. His face was rather handsome, what one could see of it, and his beard manly. He had travelled and cruieed for years, and kept hiB ears an 1 eyes open ; had a great flow of words, quite a turn for narrative, a ready wit, a seduotive voice, and an infectious laugh. His only drawback was a restless eye. Even that be put to a good use by being attentive to everybody in turn. He was evidently charmed with Ellen Ap R'c-v but showed it in a well- bred way, and did Dot alarm her. -She was a lovely girl, and accuB- ' tomed to be openly admired. 3 Next day Arthur called, ou her, and she , told him everything, and seemed eorry to have had any pleasure he had not a Bhare in. 4 He made himself wonderfully agreeable, said she, 'especially to papa; and oh, if yoa had seen how his beard wagged whenhe laughed — ha! ha! And, what do you think, the 4CQam- brians " have lost no time; they have s ot hi oi flying — invited him to their bachelors' ball. Ah, Arthur, the first time you and I ever danced together was at that ball a year ago. I wonder whether you remember? Well, he asked me for the first round dance.' 4 Confound his impudence ! What did yoa say ? ' 4 1 said 44 No; I was engaged to the Royal Navy." ' Dear girl. And that that him ap, I hope.' 4 D-ar me, no. He is too good-humoured tabs cross because a strange girl was bespoke before he came ; he just laughed, and asked might fie follow in its wake.' 4 And you said 44 Yes." ' 4 No, I did not now. And you need not look eo cross, for there would have bsen no harm if I had ; but what I did say was not 44 yes,' but 44 ham," and I would consult my memo rauda. Never you mind who I danoe with. Mr. Arthur ; their name iB legion. Wait till you catoh me parading tbe Bands with the creaturee, and catching cold with them in Merlin's Cave.' 4 My own love! Come on the Bands now; it is low water, and a glorious day.' 4 You dear goose!' said Ellen. 4 What ? ask a lady out when it is only one clear day before a ball ? Wby, I am invisible to every creature but you at this moment, and even you can only stay til! Bhe comes.' 4 She? Who? 4 Why, the dressmaker, to be sure. Talk of the— dressmaker, and there's her knock.' 4 Must I go this moment?' . 4 Oh, no. Let them open the door to her first Bat, of coarse, it is no use yoar etay ing while she is here. W« shall ba bonis and hours making up our minds. Besides, we shall be upstairs trying on things, Arthur, don t look eo. Why, the bail will be here with awful rapidity, and I'll dance with you three times out of four; i'U dance youMown on the floor, my sailor bold. LneverJtnew 4 Wtleh girl yet couldn't clanae mi Englishman into a cocked hat. Now, tbat's vuVgar.' 4 Net as you speak t, oVe. Whatever comes from your lips is poetry. I wish you could dance me into a cocked hat And two epaulets, for it is not in nature or reason yau should ever marry a lieutenant.' It will be bis fault if I don't, then.' The d-ior was rattled di=creetty and then opened by old Dewer, butler footmsn. and chatterbox of the establishment. 4 The dress maker, miss.' ... . - , Well, let Agnes take her upstairs.' 4 Yes. miss.' Greaves thought it was mere ffi-hness to stay any longer b jw, so he bade her good- But she would cot let him go away sad. She tried to console him 4 Surely, said she, 4 yon would wish meti look well in public? It is the ball of Tenbyi I want you to be proud of your prize, and not find you have captured a dowdy.' The woman of sooiety and her reasons failed to comfort Lieutenant Greaves; bo, then, as she was not a girl to accept d< feat, sbe tried the woman of nature; she oame nearer him, and eaid, earnestly, 'Only one | day, Arthur 1 Spire me the pain of seeing ! yoa look unhappy.' In saying this, ve>y ! tenderly, she laid her hand softly on his anr, ! and turned her lovely face and two beautiful 1 eyes fall up to him. | A swret inarticulate sound ensued, and le 1 did epire her the pain of Feeing him look un ' happy, for be went eff flushed and with very I spirkliog eyes. Surely female logic has been uaderrated op ! to date of this writing. j Greaves went away ths happiest lieutenant in tbe Royal Navy, nod content to kill time 1 till the ball day He dinsd at tbe club 1 smoked a cigsr on the Castle Hill and entered 5 his lodgings just as tha London day mail I was delivered. There was a paper paralleio I gram for hira, with ft ?eal as bie as the fare j of a chronometer. Order from the Admiralty ! to join the Redoubtable at Portsmouth— for j disposa'. P»ivate note, by the secretary, ad. | vising bim 0 lose no time as he raightle ! appointed fl.g-lieuteuaDt to the Centaur, \ r f iip tns Linina ckoiioni ircm which quick promotion wis sure to follow In the ordinary coarse nf the service Bef ire he knew Eden Ap Rioe, his heart would have bounded with exultation at this bright prospect ; but now that heart seemed cut in two ; one half glowed with ambition, the other sickeoed at the very thought cf leavinghaU woo. But those who serve tbe cation may doubt and fear, but have ptrtfd with 011a thing to do— start for London by the fast train at 10 a. m. He sent a harried note to Ellen by tnep» senger, teVliug ber what had occurred, and irr- ploriug an interview. His messenger brought him back a prompt reply- Paps was going to Cardiff in the morning on business ; woold breakfast at half-past eight preoisely. Be must invite himself to breakfast that night, end co me at eight. He did so, and Ellen came down direct y, with the tear in her eye. They oomforttd each other, agreed to look on it as a sme afep to a creditable onion, and. meantime, lessen tbe separation by a quick fixe cf letter?. He would write from every bonif ward- bound ship they brought to oat at -aeet and Bbe would greet him with a letter ai every port. .... t When they had duly pealed this com met 'the Mayor came in, and that kept them both within bounds. But Greaves's prospect of promotion yrt I discussed 1 Come back to Tenby a captain, and wb shall all be proud of you, shall wa not, Nellie ?' _ , When a father says so mock as that to a young fellow who has been openly courting his daughter, It hardly bears two meaning® ; and Greaves went away, brave wad buoyant, and the sting taken oat of the inopportune He was soon at Portsmouth, and aboard the Redoubtable. He was appointed flag-lieutenant on board the Centaur, then lying at Soithead, bound on a two years' voyage. Under pwnhar circumstances she was to touch at Lisbon! Madeira, and tbe Cape; but her destination was Hong Kong, where she was to lay for some time in command of tbe station. Next morning a letter from Ellen ; he kissed it devotedly before he opened 1 After some kind things that were balm to him she seeded to gravitate toward that great event in a girl's life, the ball : I dm so miss you, dear ! and that impudent r Lax ton had the first dance — for of course 1 never thought of putting anybody in your place — but he woold not give up the seeona any more lor that. He said I had promised. Oh, and he asked me if I would honnui -bis yaobtwith my presence, and he would ta ma a cruise tound Sunday Island. I sai 44 No ; I was a bad sailor." 4 Oh," said h, 44 we will wait for a soldier's win . What is a 44 soldier's wind?" When I wou a not consent, he got papa by himself, and pa; consented direotly for both of uf._ I cann bear roch impudent men, that will 9 a no." ' Arthur wrote back very affectionately, made a point of her not sailing in Laxtu s yachr. It was not proper nor prudent. b wind might fall ; the yyacht ba out all nig » and. ia any ease, the man was a stranger, o whom they knew nothing, bat that his ap pearance was wild and disreputable, an that he was a mere cruiser and a man o pleasure. He hoped hie Ellen would mate this little sacrifioe to bis feelings. This was hie oue remonstrance. Eileu replied to it 'You dear ealou gooFe, do you tbink I would go on poaia his yacht— the only lady? Of course there was a large party; and you should h1'® wen the Miss Frumps, and that Agnp" Barker, how they flung themselves r18 head; it was '» disgusting But dopi y!j worry about the ma®, dear. I m 8brry 1 told yon. We were baok to diuuer.' Then the fair writer went off to tb r things : bnt there was a postscript ; .. 4Gptain Laxton has just pallet good-bye ; and his beautiful yicht eailing out of thi rosds. As what liule interest there is to this p art of the story centres in Miss Ap Rick. « letterf, I will just eay tbat rrpavee had 0oMfcl? her at Liahpn which gave him unmix» 0 pleasure. It was long and kind, though not ep gay as usual. AV lor this Lxtou, be Appeared to have failed oat entirely! or she nsver mentioned his name At Madeira Greaves received a letter eh srttf I I 11 1 - - ' anfl mntfl sprightly. In anosnptshe said : Who do you mii&'TSae fallen Sown Troth the olouda ? That Mr. Laxton, Without hia yacht. We asked him "what had become of her. 41 Cot deomed," i-aid he solemnly. "In th'j Levant a Greek brig outsailed her ; in the Channel here a French logger lay nearer the wind. After that no moie cutter for me." We think he is a little cracked. That odious Agnes Baiker will not let him alone. I never saw such a shameless hut T The ship lay eight days at Madeira, and on the seventh day he received another letter, begging him to ocrne heme as soon as possible, for she was subject to downright persecu tion from Captain Laxfeon, and her father was much too easy. For the first time in her life she really felt the need of a protector. This letter seat Greaves almost wild. She wanted him back to protect her now, and he bound for the Eatfe, and could, not hope to see her for two years. Nothing for it but to pace the deck and rage internally. No fresh advices possible before the Cape. He couldn't sleep, and thU operated curiously — he passed for a super- naturaliy vigilant lieutenant. There was a commander cn board, a sprig of nobility, a ch arming fel ow, hut rather an easy-going officer ; he used to wonder at Greaves, and, having the Admiral's ear, praised him for a model, ' lhe beggar never sleeps s t all,' said he. 1 think he will kill himself He will be the only one of ye,' growled the Admiral. But be took notice of Greaves — all the more that a Lord cf the Admiralty, who was his personal friend, had said a word for him in one of those meek postscripts which mean so much when vviutdu be hand of power. At last they reached the Cape, and dropped ( B hor. The mail-boat came out with letters. There was none for Greaves. No letter at all ! The deck teemed to rise nnder him, and be had to hold on by the forebr&cee; ; and even that was as much as he oooli do, being somewhat weakened by sleepless nights. Several officers came round him, and the ship's surgeon applitd and br.iiidy, and he recovered, but looked very wi<d. Then the Burgeon advised him to go ashore for a change. Leave was grauted immediately, and the second lieutenant went with im, good-natcreoly enough. They made inquiries and foucd another mail w a due in two days. They took up t..eir quarters ata hotel, and there Greaves was eo wretched, and his companion eo sympathetic, that at last the tormented lover made a confidant of him. Ob, it will be all right,' said the other. J Why should she want you home if she liked J that lubber?' j I don't know,' said poor Greaves. The last letter was not like her— such a high- spirited girl; and it looked as ihe was getting her into his power. If he has, all the | worse for both of us, for the day I catch him I shall kill him 1' 1 Next day the mail came in, and as Greaves had left his address at the post-office, a letter was brought hire, all wetted and swollen with rain, the boy having carried it without I the least attempt to protect it from a thick 1 drizzle that enveloped the town that day. J Greaves tore it open. It was fatally short. J This is every syllable of it ; _ I 4 Forget one unworthy of you. I can resiet I no longer, I am fascinated. I am his slave. I and must follow him round the world. I Perhaps he will revenge you. I 4 Dear Arthur, I did not mean to deceive. 1 I am but young ; I thought I loved you as J you deserve. Pray, pray, forgive me!— E.'j Suspense, the worst of all our tortures, was over. The blow had fallen. Arthur Greaves was a man again. Yes, I forgive you, my poor girl,' he groaned ; but ' (with fury) 4 1 11 kill him !' He told his friend it was ait over, and even gave him the letter. 4 It is not her fault,' he sobbed. 'The fellow has cast a spell over her. No more about it, or I shou'd soon go mad. And from that hour he endured in silence, | and checked all return to the subject very j Bternly. j But his friend talked and told the other officers how Greaves had been jilted:, and was breaking his heart ; and he looked so ghastly i pale that altogether he met with much honest sympathy. Tee very Admiral was sorry, io hia way. He had met him in the street looking like a ghost, his uniform hanging loose on him, his stalwart form was so shrunk. 'Confound the women!' growled the old boy to his favourite, tbe commander. There's the best offioer in the ship, a fiivt- claes mathematician, an able navigator, a good seaman, and a practical gunner, laid low by some young girl not worth his little finger. I'll be bound.' Next day he eeac for tbe young man. 4 Lieutenant Greaves !' 1 Sir.' Here's a tram port going home, and nobody to command her. They have come to me. I thought cf sending the second lettenant. It would have been more con venient ; for, by Jove, air, when you are J gone I may have to sail tbe ship myself. 1 However, I have altered my mind— you will take the troops to Pi\ mouth.' 'Yes, Admiral.' I 4 Then your health. .You are very ill, sir. | Thank you, Admiral.' | 4 Come oofc to Hong Kong how you can. j You apply to the Admiralty for your expenses, if you think it is any use.1 I G eaves's eye fla bed and his pale cheek coloured. 4 Ay, ay, said the Admiral, I see these in structions are not so disagreeable as they ought to be. A steam-tog and a cargo oi lobsters ! But you must listen io me ; an honest sailor like you is no matoh for these girls ; it is not worth your while to be sick or sorry tor any one of them. There ! there ! send your traps aboard the tub, and clear the harbour oi ber as soon as you can. She is under your orders, sir.' God bless you, Admiral !' sobbed Greaves, and retired ali in a hurry, pattljr to hide his emotions, and partly because it is hot ususl> in the service, to bles one's superiors to their faces. It is more ihe etiqueiie to-ouree them behind their backs. Now was Greav.s a new man. Irght ghonra in hiB eye vigour returned to bis and """foe with /X P®a'tol1. got the troops on ; board, and Steamed awoj fur Plymouth. j A jr weather, and his hopes i » A ter all, Ellen could hardly have' 7? ,ri&vable; step. Sbe had : never denied hia claim on her ; a good iioking bestowed on Laxton might break the spell, and cool his ardour into the bargain. He fe.t sure he could win her back some how. He had been oat cf sight when this fellow succeeded in deluding her. But now he should get fair play. He landed the troops at Plymouth, and made bis. report ; then off to Tenby at once. He went straight to the Mayor's house. A girl opened the door. 4 Miss Ap Bice ?' . She don't live here, sir, now. Lawk ! it is Captain Greaves. Come in, eir, and I'ii tend Mr. Dewar.' Greaves wen full of misgivings, and sat j aown in tbe dining-room. Presently Dewar came— a whTe-haired eld fellow, whe- had been at sea in early life, but I was now the Mayor's factotum, and allowed himself great liberties. He came in open-mouthed. 4 Ab, Captain Greaves, it is a bad business. I'm a'rnost j sorry to see you here. Gone, sir, gone, and we shall never see her again, I'm afraid.' 'Gone! What! run away— with that ECoundiel ?' j 4 Well, sir, it did look like running away, beirg so sudden. But it was a magnifies t wedding, f-_r ihat matter, and they left ia a special steamer, with a gilt starn, and tl.e fl-jge of all nations a- flying.' ' Married !' 4 You may well be surprised, sir. But, for J as mddfcti as it wae, I sen it a-coming. Yju j see, sir, he was al ways at her, morning, j uoou, and night. Ht'd have tired out a I saint,, leastways a female ens. Carriage I and four to take her to some blessed old j ruin or other. She didn't care ox the ruin, I but she couldn't withstand the four horses, which they are seldom seen in Tenby. Flowers every day ; Hindia shawls ; diamond necklace ; a wheedling tongue ; and a beard like a Christmas dr. I blame that there j beard for it. Ye see, captain, these young ladies never speaks their real minds about I them beaids. Lying comes natural to tbem ; and so, to flatter a clean, respe ctable j body like you or me, they makes pretend, J and calls beards ojious. Aa»d so they are. I That there Lax tan, his beard supped my I soup for a wager agin his belly, and with I him chattering so he'd forget to wipe it for ever eo long. Sarved him right if I'd brought him a basiu and a towel before all the company. But these young ladies, they ion'c valley that. What they looks for in a man is to be the hopposite of a woman. They hates and despises their own sect. So what they loves in a man is hunblushing bimpudence and a long beard. The more they complains of a man's brass the more they likes it ; and as for a beard, they'd have him look like a beast so as be looked wary onlike a woman, which a beard it is. But if they once fingers one of tbem beards, it is all up with -em. And that is how I i-new what was coming; for one day I was at my pantry window, a-oleaning my silver, when miss and him was in the little garden ; seated on one bench they was, and not fur off cna another neither. He was a-readisg poetry to her, and his head so near her, that I'm blest if his tarnation beard wasn't almost in her lap. Her eyes was turned up to heaven in a kind of trance, a-taeting of the poetry ; but while she was a-looking up to heaven for the meaning of that there sing-song, blest if ber little white fingers wasn't twisting the ends of that there beard into little ringlets, without seeming to know what sbe was doing. Soon as I saw that, I said ' Here's a go ! It is all up with Captain Greaves. He have limed her, ibis here cockney sailer." For if ever a woman plays with a man's curls, or his whiskers, or his beard, she is netted like a partridge. So sh>uld we if the women's hair was loc-se ; but they has so much mercy as to tie is up, and make it a3 hugly as they can, and full o' pins, and that saves maDy a man from being netted and caged and all. So, soon aiter that she named the day.' I Greaves safe dead siLn; uader this flow of I envenomed twaddle, like a Spartan under the j knife. But at last he couli bear it no j longer. He groaned aloud, and buried his contorted face iu his hand''. 1 Confound my chatt ring tor.gue !' said I honest Dewar, an i ran to the .sideboard and forced a glass of brandy on him. He thanked him, and drank it, and told him not to mind Lim, but to tell him where she 1 was sealed with tbe fellow. I Settled, sir ! sua Dewar. 1 No such luck. She writes to htr papa, every Wctk, hut it is always from some iresa place. "liewar, sye j his worship to me, 44 I've married my girl to the Wandering Jew." Oh, he dou't hide hia mind from me. He tells me that this 1 Lixtou have had a ship built in the North, a thundering big ship — for -he's as rioh as 1 Croeses — and he have launched h»r to sail j r; uad tbe world. My fear is he wiil sail her j to the bottom of the ocean.' Boat Eiienl , CaptjL , captain, don't fret your heart out fox her ; she is all right. She loves hex- citement, which he will give it her. She'd have had a ballh8re every week if she could ; and now ehe will see a new port every week. She is all right. .Let her go her own road, i She broke her troth to do it ; and we don't think much, in Wales, of girls as do that, be i hey gentle or be ihey simple, look you.' Gieaves looked up and said, sternly, 4 Not one word agaiust her before me. I have borne ft 1 1 can,'. Ola Dewar wasn't a bit offended. 'An, I you are a man, ;you are/ said he. Then, in a cordial way, 4 Captain Greaves, sir, you will etay with us, now you are come ?' Me stay here ? Ay ; why not? Ye mustn't bear spite J against the old man. He stood out for you longer than I ever knowed him to stand cut j against her. But slie csuld always talk, him over. \Ii ii ail h 0 ;td a> my standing Bp true I to you. Ic Wa-n i worth her while to. ti.k old Dewar jpvur ; that ia the reason. Do ye stay, now. .You'll he like a son to the ola I man, look y»n He i« eadly changed aiuce she we it — qdfcs m.lantholy, and keeps la blaming -of hisself l-»r letting her be j mi jwar,' aid thb yoWg man, ' I ea'anbfe i » J « t -- M m « y m wM m The sight of . the place's wbVe I walked with1! her, and loved her, and she seemed to iove l me oh, no— to London by the first train, and then to sea. Th&ok; God for the sea ! : t he sea cannot change into lying land. My I : heart has been broken ashore. Perhaps it may recover in a few years, at sea. Give him my love. Dewar, and God bless you ! He almost ran out of the house, and fixed his eyes on the ground, to see no more ob jects embittered by recollections of happi ness fi&d.; He made his way to his uncle in London, reported himself to the Admiralty, and aeked tor a berth in the first ship bound for China. He was told, in reply, he could go ouc iu any merchant-ship; but as his pay would not be interrupted, the Government could not be chargeable for his expenses. In spite cf a dizzy headache, he went into tbe city next day to arrange for his voyage. Bat at night he was taken with violent shivering, Aud before mo ruing he was light headed. | A doctor was sent for in the morning. | Next day the ease was so serious that a j second was called in. I The case declared itself — gastric fever and j jaundice. They administered medicines, which, as usual in these cases, did tbe stomach a little harm, and the system no good. | j His une'e sent for a third physician a rough but very able man. He approved all J J the others bavl done — and did the very rc- | j verse ; ordered him a miik die:, tepid asper sions, fnqnent change of btd and linen, and no medicine at all, but a little bark, and old Scotch whisky in moderation. I 4 Tell me the truth,' said his sorrow'ul uncle. I always do,' said the doctor ; 4 that is why they call ms a brute. Well, eir, the case is not hopeless yet. But I will not I deceive you ; I fear he is going a longer I voyage thau China.' — Alta California. j " (to be continued.) 