IF the Victorian Government should succeed in bringing about each a condition of things in the old conntry that Prince BISMARCK will be induced to give tip that' portion of New Guinea which Germany has lately absorbed, they will accomplish one of the biggest feats of the sort ever recorded. ,Under proper circumstances we might expect such a. result to be attained,, Germany, by keeping the other islands in the Pacific without perpetuating the animosity of the Australian colonies, might well allow the area of New Guinea which it has absorbed to become a British possession. But a more discouraging task than the Victorian Government have got before them to realise this object, could not well arise; and a glance over the Melbourne papers of Wednesday last will make this fact clear to every reader. It is not the jnBtice of the case which stands in the way of success; neither is it the want of press support in the old country; nor, all things considered, is it so certain that Prince BISMARCK might not do a generous act, and give up the piece of New Guinea which he has got hold of, if asked by the Imperial Government to do BO, to remove the disappointment, and allay the irritation, which his action there has created among the Australian people. Unless the design in Berlin iB to seize Holland the moment the present King dies, and thus possessing the Dutch portion of New Guinea, drive the English clean off the whole continent—a programme which would kindle each a row and war in Europe at the outset as would shake the very nations to the centre, and perhaps do Germany irreparable injury—there can be no reason why Germany should refuse to give np the piece of New Guinea which it has attached, as under German laws it can never be to the German nation of any great colonising or commercial value. But the difficulty which the Victorian Government have to face to get back the area in New Guinea which the Germans have taken up, lies in quite a different direction to the kindling of support in the old country, to the , justice, of. the case which the Victorian Government .have already -put forward; through the Premier, by a minute to the Governor, and which we publish in another column, to any appeal to the generosity of Prince- BISMAFICK^-or-to any real or fanciful designs which the German Government may .have upon Holland. What confronts Mr SERVICE so discouragingly, and so seriously, is the attitude-which some of the Australian colonies themselves take up on the'event which'has just occurred, and which must make Mr SERVICE sick _ at heart, just the same as to all other rational people that attitude is so unpatriotic and perplexing. Of . the six colonies which have hitherfe beln looked upon as deeply concerned in this New Guinea business, and ready to act should a real emergency arise; how many have promised to co operate with Mr SERVICE in the matter? - Only two, Queensland and Tasmania; while two more, New South Wales and South Australia, positively refuse to co-operate or move in the case, and the . remaining > one, New Zealand, metaphoricaliy shrpga its shoulders in supreme indifference, or in contempt of the whole -movement. * Thus the Australian colonies are equally divided as to the wisdom of- doing /any thing-promptly to .get New Guinea, back^threb being for, and three against; and how can Mr SERVICE,-or the Premiers of Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland,-ieei encouraged to'push on with-theiriandable task, in the face of'this want of nnityjOr liotrcan.lt expected that D A Y , D E C E M B E R 27, he British Government in the first ', lace, and Prince BJSHARCK in h second, "will "be at all jJ'^POSED; to bring the New Guinea to a settlement satisfactory tj,e £.us_ tralian colonies, when Australian colonies themselves ^Jely in opposition on the Bu^ject ? Tfei« is the crux of the c&scj; tk\a is the real difficulty in the way of getting the piece of New Gamea back which Germany has just taken up; thiB is what must take the heart out of the three Premiers who are 80 8olicitious for Australia's future welfare; and if, in the face of this great drawback, Mr SERVICE and his two allies succeed in carrying the point towards which their efforts are now being directed, then will be reached, as we have said at the start, the biggest feat of the sort ever recorded—the greatest triumph over disunion at home, and impediments abroad, that was ever accomplished. Far be it from us to throw any figurative cold water upon the labors of Mr SERVICE and his two allies, or to say that because New South Wales, South Australia, and New Zealand, do not show the same spirit, that Mr SERVICE and his coadjutors should relax one jot in the efforts which they are making, or intend to make, to bring this New Guinea business to a satisfactory conclusion. But certainly it wUl be a great victory to get the German piece of New Guinea brought under the British flag when three out of the six Australian colonies will not put a finger forth to reach this end, although they are quite ae much interested in a satisfactory development of the question aB Queensland is, and still more than are Victoria and Tasmania, as the two latter colonies would be the last to suffer loss by Germany still hold ing that portion of New. Guinea which it has surreptitiously annexed. With all the Australian colonies united iand determined, the withdrawing of the German flag from New Guinea would be anything but an impossibility, as pressed by public opinion in this and the old country, the British Government would have to act in the way we desire, while there is. no reason why Prince BISMARCK should not consent to what solicited, so as to restore peace between the Australian colonies and the German Empire — which, for German business purposes, would be a wise thing to promote. But, with the Governments - of the Australian colonies at sixes and sevens the point, the Imperial Government may be expected to let the matter drop, and Prince BISMARCK may be looked to to shrug his shoulders and refuse to yield, as he can plead that while one half of the Australian Governments are wanting Germany's piece of New Guinea, the other three are only too glad to his countrymen becoming their near, and it may, in the end, be very dear, neighbors. Of a verity, the Premiers and their colleagues in the Governments of Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, have a very uphill game to play, and if they should in the end succeed, they will have accomplished a truly marvellous achieve ment. IT is to be regretted that just when there seemed a probability of the dis' pute between the master bootmakers, and the men locked out, coming to an early conclusion, a difficulty has arisen which threatens to make the breach wider than ever. The masters and men are willing to confer, and each side has appointed delegates to meet together and thresh out the points in conflict between them. But the masters object to Mr TRENWITH being one of the delegates on the side of the men, while the Union refuses to replace him by another delegate; and it is feared, from thiB objection on the one side, and resolve on the other, that the approach made by both sideB to end their differences will result in nothing. There can be no doubt that in objecting to Mr TRENWITH the maBlers have. taken a stand which is very unreasonable, as they are thus making a conflict on great trade principles deteriorate into a mere question of personal feeling. On the grounds they demur to Mr TRENWITH, they might as logically object to every one of the delegates appointed by the Union, just, the same as the Union might object to every one of the delegates appointed by the masters, as we do not suppose there is-a single delegate on either side who has not expressed himself pretty strongly at some time or other on the points which are in conflict between the two parties. But stupid aB the objection of the masters is, we have to take the case as it stands, not as, according to:the dictates of common sense, it ought to be; and, regarded from this point of view, there is a road out of the difficulty which in onr opinion ought to be traversed, rather than the opportunity which has arisen to get this trade 'disturbance satisfactorily adjusted should be sacrificed. The course which, in our "opinion, should be pursued, is for Mr TRENWITH to withdraw his name from the list of delegates for the Union; thus, in the first place, showing that he is too highminded to stand in the way of a settlement being come to, and, in the second place, to relieve.the Union of doing anything that would reflect upon its honor .and consistency, as wonjd be the case if it was to remove Mr 'TBENWITH from the position, of a delegate at the masters' bidding. There is no reason in a quarrel being kept going; among 2000 men over one man; and if, as we-h&ve; been told a good many times, the masters will make, satisfactory fcerms with the Union if Mr TREN- WITH only keeps out oI the yiray in' the meantime, then Mr TBEKWITH would show good 'sense in adopting this : course, and command widespread sympathy and respect by acting in such. a thoughtful and.judicious manner. No loss would accrue to himself by taking such a step as we advise, as -it would not interfere with the official position in the Union which he holds. Nor would it make the delegation in the mass on the men's side any leBS strong, as the Union posaeses a number of men just as. capable • as Mr TRENWITH to thresh out with: the delegates from the tQasterB the pointsin collieion between them. = But the Retirement of Mr TREN- WITH from .the list of delegates would have this good effect, - It wopld bring the masters to the point,.It would show whether they are prepared to give good' termB to the men, or dimply put forth a prejudice againBt, or opposition to, Mr TRENWITH as an excoBe for' keeping the lock-ont going on, with the Jiope that ln the .«»4v&e;~ xS84, st«ved intosubmfeion. Wedon'.t « e ow the meft could suffer anything by; Mr TREKWITH standing aside tempo rarily, as the delegates from the Union would be just as free to decline any'terms which the delegates on the side of the masters insisted upon, should those terms not be acceptable, whether Mr TRENWITH was present or absent from the conference when assembled. We would, therefore, advise Mr TBESWITH to cut the Gordianknot, by withdrawing from the delegation of his own accord, and the feeling of this journal towards working men is too well known to render it necessary for ua to add at any length that we would not tender this advice unless we felt satisfied that it was the best, in the interests of the men, that could be given at this juncture. Mr TNENWITH seems to be the bone of contention between the two sides. It is for him, therefore, to do what we BuggeBt, and thus be the means of proving whether the masters are sincere in their desire to bring the conflict to an end in a way satisfactory to the men, or are only using Mr TRESWITH'S name to cover ulterior objects or de-_ vices. The railway traffic on Christjoas and Boxing D&ya; was very heavy, and oacb train leaving and arriving at tho Western railway station was cronded to its utmost extent. PorterB and ticket-clerks were never at rest, bnt accustomed to tbe ustial holiday badgering pursued the " even tencr " of their way. As the last train attained out of the station at night a few late ones might have been observed borating on to tho platform only to indalgein profanity when they foond that another night's stay in tbe Golden City was necessitated. On Gnrlstmas Say 1263 passengers were booked for the Sandhurst line, 1000 for Melbourne, ard 450 for Ararat; on Boxing Day 93G for Sandhurst, 2242 for Melbourne, and 376 for the Stawell Une. The trains yesterday genrrally kept good time, bnt on Christmas Day lateness was the role, the Ararat train in the morning being three hoars tehind time. The friends of Mr Robert Jones, the well known and respected mining speculator, will regret to heair of his terribly sudden death, which took placB yesterday. Daring the morning, Mr JoneB was in excellent health. Aboat midday he was walking in the yard and some repairs being necessary lo a ohlld's perambulator, he proceeded to obtain a small box of tools to d\the work. While crossing the yard he fell down Bnddenly, and in a few moments expired from apoplexy apparently. MIB Jones, hearing the noise caused by the box of tools falling to the graand, went to' wards Mr Jones, -and seeing his oondiu'oa, sent at once for a medical man. Dr Jordan shortly afterwards arrived, bat life was then extinct. Mr JoneB was fifty-one years of 8ge, and leaveB a wife and a grown-up son and daughter well provided for. He was one of the bnilders of Ballarat, having worked hard as a miner in the early days, and secured bis well-earned reward. Some years since he made a lengthened visit to the old country, and thea returned to the scene of his former labors ti settle down, He was of a generons disposition, and was lately an ardent snpporter of the blue ribbon movement, A sfcgnlar incident may be mentioned as bavicg occurred on tho day cf his death. At morning family prayer, which had been always read heretofore by Mrs Jouee, it was notloed that Mr Jones undertook the office yesterday morning, and fer vently prayed for Divine guidance and forgiveness. Before night be was dead. It is with great regret we record the death of Mrs Forster, the estimable hoBtess of the George hotel, Lydiard street, the sad event having taken place on Christmas Day, after a very short illness, from spinal sciatica. The deceased lady was one of our oldest Identities, having arrived in Ballarat in 1S53, and at the time of the Eureka riot^went through some stirring times. She made a very large number of sincere friends dariDg her long residence in Ballarat, and was, beloved by many for her kind, womanly, and charitable disposition. For some time past she had suffered from st: vere attacks of sciatica, and in the attack which ended fatally she was insensible for fonr days before her decease. Mrs Forster was fifty-six years of age, and her death will be regretted not only by her respected husband, but by a very large pro portion of the community. Fire broke out shortly aftrr two o'clock Christmas morning, in a four-roomed wooden bnildiog In Skipton street, two do~ra from the Christian Brothers' school, occupied by a bootmaker named Dogherty. Dcgherty was from home at the time, and the lire originated in a bedroom occupied by Mrs Doghtrty, senior, presumedly from a candle she had left burning. The fire WSB observed from the brigade Btation, and the alarm ringing, firemen wera Boon at the pkca. The south ward reel was quickly got to work, acd was in time to prevent the flames spreading to an adjoining bnildirg. Mrs Dogherty, senior, when roused, picked up the feather bed on which she was lying—a belonging she had brought from Ireland twenty-seven years ago —and some blankets, and escaped uninjured. The artioles she carried were almost the only articleB recovered from the honse, which was almost entirely destroyed. Mr Dogherty IB one of the locktd-out operatives, acd the IOSB to him will be rather a-serious one. The building ia the property of Mr A. Mercer, and was insarcd. On Christmas Day a collision occurred on Lake Wendouree between two of Mr Ivey'a steamboats, the Princess and Prince Consort. At about dusk the two were crossing in opposite directions, and by eome error in steering the Princess ran into the Consort, cutting 1Eto htr quarter and about 2 feet of deck. The damage, however, was not serious, and both fcoite continued their passenger traffic, A party of young people while out sailing on Lake Wendouree, in Mr Shoppee'e boat, on Christmas Day, had an involuntary bath. A gentle breeze was blowing at the time, and one of the passengers, to make himself comfortable, sat on the gunwale of. the boat, The extra weight and the light breeze heeled the boat over, and tbe whole of the crew were precipitated in the water up to their necks. Wet clothing and moist skins ware the only Inconveniences. Daring tbe last session of Parliament, Colonel Smith requested the Minister of Mines to authorise a re-survey of the claims in the Ballarat dietriot, setting forth' the surface boundaries of all old and abandoned claims, as well as their underground workings. Yesterday Mr Allan, mining surv-yr-r, therefore received instructions to perfect the above surrey, and will commenoe work immediately after the commencement of the new year. Christmas cheer caused throe Inebriates to appear at the Ci'y Icct-up on Christmas Day for the decision of tbe jostioes. Mr H. B. Caselli, J.P., attended to review them, and he discharged the trio. Yesterday threo others were-arrayed before Mr Casell), who discharge! two, and fined one, named James Russell, lOs; and'2s 6d costa. Russell was.arrested at the Western railway station, and gave considerable trouble to the police, as he wanted to.keep oa the railB. Yesterday there were a couple more jolly souls looked np. The _ teaqhers and senior acholara of Ebenezer Presbyterian Sabbath school held their picnic on Boxing D*y at the Lai Lai Falls, spending a moat enjoyable day together. During the day Mr Win. Anderson, superintendent of the school, was presented with "Kitto's Biblical Cyclopaedia," In three volumeB,' as a small token of the loving esteem In whloh he is held by teachers and scholars. Acceptances for the handicaps, and entries for the Trial Stakes and Selling Races, in conneotion with the Ltl Lai meeting will olofe on Monday evening at -eight o'clock. .; The house in LyonB street occrapied by Mrs Swifte was very nearly barned down through a singular circumstance one evening this week. * Mra Swifte went out of :faer xoom leaving a candle .burning in B candlestick on the table, there being at the time a boxof mateheBinthe tray of it. The candlestick was of the pattern whloh 'has > small slit in thepart hoHIng the candle fdr the grease, when the candle bums low, to run thrODgh eo -as to leave the holder plear. It would appear that the candle during the lady'« absence buraed rlghVdown, and ths -lighted enjl of thewjckilippedthroughthealotinto'the tray and set fire to the box of matches. : The matches all lighting together, Vminlatsre' t t en^ awT «pme of theov e | ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ T h e y ^ " ^ ^ i T t ^ ,nma'te8 ot the h0UB8 noticed the oflor oi unusual burning, and following it op ascertains! that it came-from thiB room, and opening the door found the apsrtment in flames. Fortunately they were clear-beedod individuals, and they managed to conhne the fire tj the room in which it broke out, and eventually to extinguish It. From a close examination of the candlestick and the place, it was conolndrd from oircumslantlal evidence, the burned end of the wiok being in the tray close to the remains of the matohbox, and the number of burned Inciters scattered abJut, that the fire had originated in the way described. A bookmaker on a small ecale met with a rather rough reoeption on Chrismas Day at a coursing match in Ballarat. He had lost Beveral bete, and not meeting the backers with hiB cash, one of them, a young fellow, struck the " book" a fearful blow on the temple, rendering bim unconscious. It IB probable that more will be heard of the matter. The annual ceremony of the installation of the Baninyong Lodge of Freemasons took place on Wednesday {Christmas Eve) In the presence of a full lodge and a large number of visitors. The W.M., Br Osbaldeston, performed the duties of his office in a very impressive manner, and duly installed the following brethren:—W.M., Br La Brocq; S.W., Br Selleck; J.W , BrDr Hardy; seoretsry, Br Hale, P.M.; treasnrer, Br Magor, P.M.; S.D., IBr Scirse; J.D., Br Hocking; Ift, Br Scott, P.M.; tyler. BrBradshaw, P.M. After tbe ceremony tbe banquet, laid out in the style for which the Baninyong Lodge is famous, took place, when the ueual loyal and Masonio toasts were proposed acd duly honored, and the brethren separated after spending a very enjoyable evening. The sports at Bungaree Junction yesterday, in aid of the Roman Catholic schools of the district, were a decided success. There were about 2000 persons present, and tbe eventB were carried out most successfully. The results will be found in another column. Mr J. M'NauRhton, the under gardener at tho Ballarat Hospital, died very suddenly on Christmas Day. He was apparently in good health, and when sitting down at dinner suddenly expired. Deceased was about sixty-six years cf age. An inquest will ba held to-day. On Monday IsBt (before Messrs James Prentice and W. C. Thomas, J.P.), at the Beaufort Police Court, Ann, Mary, and Grace Toman, eight, four, and six years old respectively, were brought upas neglected children. From the evidence, it appeared tbeir father was sent to tho Ararat Asylum three months ago, and there was not the slightest chance of his recovery. _ Their mother is t.tally unable to earn suffioient for their maintenance. An order was made for the admission of the children to the Industrial School, Melbourne, for four, eix, and nine years respectively. An assault ease, Lsncey r Milne, was struck out, as neither of the parties put in an appearance. The English cricketers who arrived in B»1 Iarat very early.on Christmas morning, were received and welcomed shortly after their arrival by Mr Orr, ex-president of the cricket club (in the absence of the president), and by several members of the oommittee. It being an off-day with the team, arrangements were made for driving them in two of Osborne's well-appointed drags round tbe olty and suburbs during the day. On Friday morning ex-Mayor Hickman (in the absence of the mayor), entertained the eleven at the Town Hall, bidding tbem welcome, a happy Christmas, and success it their expedition, in a few well-chosen words. Mr Lilly white responded for himself and confreres, thanking our city representative for bis kicd hospitality and good wishes, and expressing his astonishment at the siz3, wealth, and Importance of this golden oity. The Assize Court will sit in Ballarat next year on the 19th February, 20:h July, and 12th October. A eale of Crown lands, in feo-simple, will be held at Stawell on the 27th of next month, There was about G000 persona at the cricket match on the Eastern Oval yesterday, between Lillywhite and Shaw's team of English cricketers aud twenty-two pioked from the Ballarat Cricket Club. The Bam of £205 was taken at the gates, of which the Billarat Clab receives 20 per cent. The weather waB very fine, and the wicket perfect. The visitors won the toss, and decided to bat, They remained at the wickets the whole of the afternoon, tbe score standing at 220 for eight wickets. It will thus be observed that the scoring was rather slow, and the play consequently was Bomewhat tame. The fact of twenty-two being in the field was respon' sible for this, and expressions of disgust were heard on all sides from' the spectators at what would otherwise have been a brilliant display of cricket being rpoilt by the decision of the committee of the club to play twenty, two. The bowling, especially that of Worrell and BodycDmbe, was excellent; and the fielding, particularly that of Angwin and M'Gregor, was Very good. This, of course, added to the tameneBs of the batting. The game_ will be resumed at eleven o'clock this morning; and as the play will be more in terestlng than yeBterdoy, there should be another large attendance. The Middle Creek State school 1045, Mr John Foibea head teacher, broke up for the holidays on the 17th. instant, and a large number of the pupils' relations attended to witness-the distribution of prizes. Mr Uren, M.P., was to have performed this part of the celebration, but he did not pat in an appearance. The prizes given by Mr Uren for the two best attendances sinoe Easter wrre awarded ttf Miss Eliza Russell and Miss Eliza Townsend. The teachers' prize was then balloted for by tbe school puplle, and MISB Mary Grange obtained the largest nambor of voteB. Henry Taylor, Edwin Shotte. Iler, John Shottelier, Elizabeth Jess, and Amy Roberts also reoeived handsome prizes for attendance daring the last six months, not a day bavicg been missed. Miss Amy Taylor also received a prize for obtaining a larger number of votes than E. Shottelier. Funds had been previously collected for thi9 occasion, and books were given to every scholar. Mr Allen (Primitive Methodist) acd Mr Gilmore (Church of England) were present the whole of the time, and assisted materially to bring the affiiir to a successful termination. The school was nicely decorated with ferns acd leaveB, and presented a oool and nice appearance, the credit of which is due entirely to Mr Shottolier, who was indefatigable in this and the other duties necessary in a celebra tion of sohool closing, Gebrge Sohmidt was arrested and lodged in the Beaufort look-up on Tuesday evening, for committing an assault on J. Thompson and William Loft at the Railway hotel, and using obscene language. On Wednecday morning Dr Croktr and Mr Prentice, J.P., visited the police Btation and dealt with the prisoner's offence. Both witnesses gave evidence to the effect that prisoner, who appeared to. be under the influence of drink, violently assaulted Thompson without any revocation, and subsequently the landlord, SIr Loft. Thepolice were then sent for, and it took the united efforts of the sergeant and the two witnesses to convey him to the look-up, as he -declined to walk. The magistrates fined him 20s for the assault, acd 40a for using bad largaage, in default fourteen days ia Ballarat GaoL A Chinaman was il-treated by a mob of youths in Bridge street on Christmas night, the unfortunate man being almost frightened out of his life. During the disorderly proceedings half-a-dozen young ladiea were knocked over, and two fainted. The police arrived and quelled the disturbx-cs. Oar advertising columns announce that Dr Woinarski has returned from his holiday,- and resumed the practioe of his profeaiion in Ballarat. The doctor can be consulted at his housei Start street, between eight and ten in the morning, from twelve to two in the afternoon, and from six to eight in the evening, " A rather ferocious dog turned up'at the Western railway stition yeitsrday, his partiality for the calves of Tailway cffiolals being more than interesting to the object? of bis attention. The animal, which belonged to a right revert nd here, first pitch'td on a' well-known guard, and speedily reduced one leg of his . trousers to tatters. Next he went , for the tempting-looking form of the head porter, into whose flesh the playful beast sank bis delicate fangs. He did not hang;.on. fyrg however, for a hearty -klok Boon mended matters, the porter remarking, *s he felt , his wounded uuderstander,, that though the dog belonged tola bishop it could not write, and only left its mark, Tenders are' invited, in.our advertising columns for the purchase, lease, and goodwill ef the British hbtel, Creswiok. Only one arrest waa made in Bdlarat East during Ohriatmas, - a iaot .which apeaki voluraea for the sobriety of towa reddest*. : The individual incarcerated was an unforta. nate man named Dickinson, who was foanj drunk in Main street, The magistrates dli. oharged him on ChriBtmaB morning, bnt yet! terday he was again looked up, almost in the honors from drink. The following items appear in this week's Police Gazette:—Robert Spencer is charge with wife desertion at Creswick, on the 18th, Instant. George Bliss Is charged, on warrant with child desertion at Rukewood. about a year sgj. Stolen from John Dewsnap Smytbesdale, on the 12th instant, a poley cow. A splendid trout, weighing Gi lb, was oaught in the Gong Gong reservoir last evening by Mr Clarke, a resident in the loc.lity, A concertina, German make, was stolen from Warron's City Hall hotel one day re, oently. The instrument is valued at £$, In an article entitled "A Glimpse of the Drought," a ooricspondent of the Sydney Morning Eerald drews a han owing picture of the state of tbe country around Bourlc. He writes:—"It ie hunger far more than thirst that is decimating the gr-z crs' stock about the Upper Darlirg. Upon those lightly watered pltins through which tho Darling rolls the conBervi,t.on of drinking supplies in times of copious showers and flooded streams is a sine qua von to the squatters' oontinaed succesn, and hundrcdi of thousands of pounds have they spent in providing tbiB prime necessity of their occupation of their runs; acd thiB improvement cf the State's domain by means of tankB acd wells aid bores is progressing every day. On some stations, if the season be only favorable, a year's supply of water can be stored, and on one at 1 ;nst the Bheep bave not to travel more than two miles and a half in any direction to drink, so well is the run dotted with tanks, No work ot this sort, however, can bB utilised in makloi' the grass grow in seasons of drought, The revivifying of the parched lap of earth must be the work of a propitious rainfall, aud it is beoause tbe rainfall this reaBoa has been ao unpropittous that distress has fallen upon the graziers, and not a few go up and down the land wearing the face of wealth In poverty. Day by day all those whose living immediately depends upon the rpringing herbage anxiously scan the heavens in vain for signB of the drought breaking up, A sndden coolirg of the wind at n<gnt may raise hopes of freshening showers to follow but the showers still hold aloof. Month after month has Blippcd away, ard, like a green leaf before the fire, tbe face of the land has withered up, and is curled by driving winds into rolls of stifling dust." The New South Wales Health Department (says the Argus) intend tD take proceedings against Dr Moore for neglcctiDg to report the recent cue of small pix at Waterloo. It fa stated that a medical pr»otitioner attende d tho woman for eight days after the rath bad made its appearance, and it was not nntil another medical gent'emas visited the patient that the disease was reported to be smali-pox. A little sensation (says the M, A. Mail) has been created for two or three nights this week amoDgst some persons living in the vicinity of the Camp reserve. They state that they saw a 11 ghost," acd that he chased them each evening, but the man in white could never be caught. The police got wind of the affair, and a posse of them watched for tbe supposed apparition. To their aorfrlee, and amusement of others, tbe "ghost" turns out to be none ether than a young man, attired in light habiliments, who had b:en exercising his flestnesB of foot on the reseive, so aB to be in readiness for the sports. Detective Brown (eays the Argue) has oompleted his enquiries into the confession of the convict William Barnes, who alleged that he killed the late J oar ph Brugge Slack, in order to rob him. He has forwaulid a report of investigations to the Cfcief Commissioner of Police, who will send it on to the Crown Law Offices, and if it is thought that there ii sufficient evidence against Barnes to warrant his being tried for the murder of Slack, he will be brought up on a writ cf habeas corpus soon after the holidays. The determination of tho Treasurer (says the Argus) to reduce the amoaat of the Government graLt in aid to the charitable institutions to one-half the sum r„i cl by private subscription is likeiy to jrovoke stroDg opposition on the part of those who have the management of the charitics to whom the Treasurer's c'rcalar has been addressed. The finance committee of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylnm presented a strong protest against the new arrangement to tbe committse on WedneBday, pointing ont th&t; if a number of inmates of the home had to be turned out of doors for want of the means of supporting them they would bave to l>3 maintained in the gaols as veg.-ants. A still mors deoided stand is bsing taken by tho com* mittee cf the Ballarac District Bsnevolent Aeylum, who wrcte to say that they bad resolved to positively decline the " absurd and impracticable condition sought to be imposed by the Government," The letter further stated that the institution waB positively pledged to its revenno and expenditure for the next twelve months upon the old basis, and that the Government would ba held liable for all consequences arising from their "sadden, violent, and absurd action." Hence the committee desired to know what action the committee of the Melbourne Asylum intended to take upon tho matter. The full discussion of the subject was postponed till the Sth proximo, bat the opinion was expressed that the letter from Ballarat vas couched in unnecessarily inflammatory terms. We hare recelred a copy ol a pamphlet entitled "Aftrr twenty years, cor distinguished visitor:, oems of tbe post office." Ttie work Is by a local letter-carrier, and will be fonnd interesting to all readers of light literature. Mr Snmmerscales, booktellrr, of Sturt street, lias forwarded to ns a highly Interesting voluno lor young folks, entitled, "A picture book of pity for boys, girls, and babies.' It Is Illustrated In tbe moat artistic style by Innumerable colored plate;, drawn by Edith Scamdl. Altogether, this Is ulout the most Interesting live shillings' worth of the sort produced, and wonld make a very suitable holiday present. The quarterly meeting of tbe Wendouree Lodge- G.U.O.O.F., will be held next Tuesday evening at eight. A summoned meeting of tbe Australian Natives' Association will be held In tbe Lyceum Ball nest Monday evening at eight o'clock, for tbe election of officers. The quarterly meeting of the Hand of Friendship Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., will be held next Monday evening atelgbt o'clock. In connection with the Australasian Peculsr Society, Mr Dnlfer will read a paper In the Societies' Ball, Orenville street, to-morrow eveulrg at a quarter past seven. A summoned meeting of Conrt Little Jobn, 33!S. A.O.F., will be held at tbe British Queen hotel ext Monday evening, for ihs election of eflicers and other business. Mr Greenwell's letters are not suitable to oor columns, and therefore tbey are declined. We hive received six bottles of excellent whisky from tbe Warrenhelp Distillery Company. 