NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS Some 15 steamers started to meet Archbishop Moran. Crops in the Balranald district are dying for want of rain. The first of the Darling fleet ot steamers has arrived at Wilcannia. The Australian cricketers have secured nearly £700 net profit each. America will probably encourage the exportation of frozen meat. The New Oriental Bank is shortly to open in Australia it' possible. Two hundred clerks in and around Sydney are said to be out of work. Shipments of tea to the colonies for this sea- Bon amount to 13,500,000lb. The telephone wire from Port Macquarie to Tacking Point is completed. Our new £5,000,000 Joan is to be offered in London on the 18th October. The New South Wales Rowing Association Regatta is fixed for Octobcr 18. Another unsuccessful attempt was made on Saturday to float the s.s. Collaroy. The River Darling at "Wilcannia has been 13ft. above summer level this season. Nearly 40,000,000 sheep and 1,750,000 cattle are depastured in New South Wales. Bedding for about 500 persons was procured from Syduey by Mudgee hotelkeepers. The jockey English is slowly recovering from his injuries at the A.J.C. meeting. A valuable copper lode is reported to have been discovered two miles from Blayney. Rain is reported from Gulgong, Coonamble, Gunnedah, Parkes, Blayney, andNyngan. The barque Duke of Edinburgh took 124 days on her passage from London to Sydney. The Jerilderie line will be opened for public trafiic as lar as Widgiewa about the 16th inst. Mr. Gordon, C.E., formulates a scheme for locking the River Darling at a cost of £13,000. The grass and crops in the Parkes district are reported ag suffering from the dry weather. Estimated population ot Queensland in 1883, 287,475 ; increase upon previous year, 39,220. There were 150 agricultural entries for the MurrumbidgeePastoraland Agricultural Show. Hanlan or Beach are challenged by Teemer, of America, to row in England for £500 a side* 44,857oz. of gold was exported from New Zealand during the quarter ending 30th June. Dr. Eichler is being prosecuted in connection with the outbreak of small-pox in Sydney. Buildings are springing up in Byerock. Ten general storesand five hotels are already erected. Statistics go to sbow that the climate in the north of Queensland is not favorable to Europeans. £6319 was the total for the A.J.C. Spring; Meeting prizes. The Hon. J. White took' £1714. Probate was granted in the will of the late Canon Stephen, the estate being sworn at £2566. October 4 is fixed as the opening day of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron's yachting season. £800 was given for Hilltop and £300 for Princess of Lome, at Fennelly's Bazaar, Sydney. To choose a crew for the intercolonial eightoar contest, trial crews are to compete in December. £400,000 has been offered by the New Oriental Bank for the old bank premises in Sydney. Eight per cent, interest is being paid by the Sydney Hospital Board for their overdraft of £13,000. 75,575 immigrants arrived by sea last year, and 34,396 persons departed from the colony seaward. Mr. J. Allison has sold the Queensland colt by Epigram—Foxglove to Mr. D. Proudfoot for £200. Queensland politicians opine that England is gradually leaving the colonies to their own resources. 10,000 shares of £10 each are' included in the first issue of the New Oriental Banking Company. The case against Sir Modred for his running at the A.J.C. meeting, was dismissed by the committee. Potatoes at Wilcannia after the arrival of the steamers were £15 per ton ; before, £40 or £50 per ton. C. W. Bennett, the champion bicycle-rider, was defeated in the mile handicap at Sydney on Saturday. A railway bridge and embankment, valued at £10,000, have been destroyed by floods in New Zealand. Wreck of the ship Lastingham in Cook's Straits, New Zealand. The captain and 17 others drowned. The production of wine in New South Wales in 1876 amounted to 831,479 gallons; in 1883, 543,596 gallons. Since the beginning of this year five of the Australian colonies have raised £9,277,000 in the London market. Speedy communication between Bourke and Sydney has been established by the opening of the Byerock railway. In the Byerock district flour coBt a few years ago £150 per ton. Now it can be purchased at £15 per ton. . An all-comers' elocutionary contest is to take place at the School of Aits, West Maltland, on the 23rd instant. The lowest Australian mammals have been discovered by Mr. Caldwell (Cambridge), scientist, to be oviparous. The repairing of the Birksgate is going on briskly at Pyrmont. Seven entirely new frames have to be supplied. The active management of Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons' Queensland business has been taken by Mr. Walter S. Smith. Fifty cases of silver coin, value £20,000, and 50 cases of bronze coin, value £500, were brought by the R.M.S. Liguria. A Government inspection of so-called hotels in Sydney for the purpose of enforcing sanitary arrangements, is suggested. 669,310 was the estimated population of New South Wales at the beginning of 1884. The increase in 1883 was 51,842. There were 105,162 children on the Sunday-school registers in New South Wales in 1883; average attendance, 77,815. Sir Richard Torrens was noted in his early Parliamentary career for his Conservative tendencies and personal unpopularity. The frequency of colonial loans is stated to be the cause of the depression of the leading colonial stocks in the London market. A tender to purchase 100 tons of Great Cobar Copper, usual quality, at £52 12s. 6d. per ton, has been accepted by the Board. There were 2302 prisoners in all the gaols in New South Wales in July last; the incarceration of 1191 of these traceable to drink. Nearly 20,000 bales of wool have been despatched from Wilcannia by vessels which had been stuck since the river was last navigable. A correspondent of the Qucanbeyan Age says the wife of a storekeeper at Hillston has given birth to triplets. Mother and child are doing well. A large native bear found its way into one of the wards of the Rockhampton Hospital latelv, and frightened one of the patients into a fit." A special geological report on the gold deposits at Mount Morgan, near Rockhampton, is to be prepared for the Queensland Parliament. The death sentence was passed upon Adams, for attempted murder at Prospect, by Judge Windeyer. He strongly protested his innocence. " The aborigines of Australia have never," said Mr. Radcliff, " shown any indications of tune, or that music or melody existed among them." The cattle crossings at Hay in August, 1883, numbered 76,000 sheep, 4000 cattle ; crossings for the same month, 1884, 41,000 sheep, no cattle. Mr. P. J. Holdsworth complains justly that, as a community, we deify muscle rather than mind, and apotheosise brawn rather than brains. The Tenterfield people are indignant because their town is not to be the terminus of the proposed Grafton-Glen Innes railway extension. The Dundoo station, Queensland, com- prising 216,600 acres, 8000 sheep, 2500 cattle, has been sold to Messrs. Davis and Dale, of Bourke. Timber for mining purposes is scarce at Silverton. ^ The country bordering the Darling River is the nearest place where it can be secured. The barque Prospector is to be used as a temporary storeship for the large stock of dynamite and nitro-glycerine in and about Sydney. Sixteen applications have been received from Sydney people for the right of the foreshore on the Hastings River tor the cultivation of oysters. " If we can afford," says the Herald, " to admit Victorian wine at 3s., we can afford to admit wine from Germany and France on the same terms." A paper on the island of Borneo was read before the members of the Geographical Society by Mons. E. Cotteau at the Free Public Library, Sydney. Annual rente received by the Government from pastoral leases, £261,102 10s.; from auction leases, £8868 4s. lOd. ; and from pre-leases, £52,086 17s. 8d. Disinfecting operations are being carried on vigorously at the various small-pox centres. Quarantine patients are going through the usual stages of the disease. Mr. W. C. Bennett, Commissioner for Roads and Bridges, considers it practicable to divert the Murray near its head, and thus irrigate large tracts of dry country. A bill is to be introduced into the Tasmanian Parliament for the purpose of guaranteeing that colony's proportion of the £15,000 lor the protectorate over New Guinea. The Queensland Medical Board has declined to register American diplomas until candidates have passed an examination at cither Melbourne or Sydney University. Mr. David Berry, of Coolangatta, Shoalhaven, has presented his fine schooner Moeeyan to the Wesleyan Missionary Society, for mission work among the South Sea Islands. At a public meeting held in Sydney, a resolution has been passed to the effect " that no more floggings should be allowed except upon investigation and after trial by jury." I A dividend And bonus of 16 per cent, per annum were declared, and £29,118 9a. 5d. carried forward, at the annual meeting of the Union Bank of Australia in London. Mr. Dalton is to move in the Legislative Assembly that the railway lines shall bedividsd into sections, and a system of mileage rates, varying with each section, shall be adopted. Commodore Erskine, in a voluminous despatch to the Colonial Secretary of Queensland, complains of several alleged irregularities and abuses in the South Sea Island recruiting trade. There were 59 cases of suicide in New South Wales in 1883 ; 60 in 1882. Last year 457 more marriages, 1579 more births, and 567 less deaths were registered than there were in 1882. The Melbourne press is particularly severe on Sir Henry Parkes ior his recent speech. The Age characterises him as " the most consummate charlatan in the southern hemisphere." The Agent-General is instructed not to dispatch immigrants too frequently, but at the same time to give a reasonable dispatch to the holders of contract tickets—such as domestic servants. A new type of actinometer for the purpose of recording the degree of sunshine, how hot it was at each moment, and total effect of the heat for each day, has been constructed by Mr. Russell. Rabbits are migrating in large numbers from South Australia into New South Wales. The length of rabbit-proof fence between the two colonies is about 200 miles; estimated total cost, £10,500. "The latest telegram in the possession of the Government," said the Colonial Treasurer in Parliament, "states that our 4 per cent, inscribed stock is worth £106 10s., the highest ever known." Recent discoveries indicate the probability of a pavable goldfield being found at Emmaville (Vegetable Creek). Some nice specimens are reported to have been unearthed during the past few days. The length of railroad in operation in New South Wales last year was 1315 miles. One mile of railroad for every 57,000 people was built in Australia last year ; in America one for every 8000. A young woman named Mrs. Allen dropped dead at Blacktown on the 4th inst, upon the receipt of a telegram supposed to announce the death of her husband, employed in another part of the colony. Sir Frederick Leighton, the President of the Royal Academy, is disgusted wilh the Sydney Post-office carvings, oi which he has received a photograph, and stigmatises them as grotesque and unsightly caricatures. "Naturally," says the Government Geological Surveyor, " there is no permanent surface water at Silverton, but underground streams are likely to be found in the sandy alluvial flats in the valleys." For the new bridge to be built shortly over the Wollundry lagoon, Wagga Wagga, the tender of Mr. Charles Hardy, a local contractor, has been accepted. The work, it is expected, will occupy about five months. At a meeting of selectors held at Armidale the new Land Bill was severely criticised, and a resolution passed, calling upon Mr. Farnell to resign his seat. The fencing of pre-leases is one of the chief objections to the bill. The objects of the Fisheries Improvement Company are(l) systematised deep-sea fishing, (2) refrigeration, (3) providing sea-worthy fishing steamers. The proposed capital of the company is £10,000 in 1000 shares of £10 each. Complaints have been made that tbe Zoological Society in Sydney are in a measure to blame for the importation of destructive vermin. It is officially denied. Dr. Bennett says that years ago rabbits offered to the society were absolutely refused. No less than thirty teams were loaded at the Glen. Innes railway station on Saturday, bound north and west. The trade with Inverell is already assuming very large proportions ; and this season the forwarding agents expect that the bulk of the wool from the western slopes will be forwarded via Glen InneB. The members of the Loyal Orange Institution of New South Wales, who assembled last week at the Masonic Hall, Sydney, to the number of about 1500, presented an address of welcome on his return to the colony to Sir Henry Parkes. Mr. R. L. Murray, M.L.A., presided, and Sir Henry made a speech with special reference to the education question. Mr. Dibbs says the question of forming a road from Piper's Flat coal mines to the Mitchell's Creek silver mines is now under con-, sideration, with a view to opening the road through Sharpens pre-lease ; but with the expenditure of £3000 on road Meadow Flat to Mitchell's Creek, a much better communication could be established by metalled road. A mysterious case of suicide has been reported from Beenleigh (Q.). An Italian named Michael Gardella was found hanging by a leather strap at a email jetty on the Logan River. The body was quite naked, and the clothes were lying on the bank. The deceased had been employed breaking stones on the Logan railway line. No cause can be assigned for the rash act. Mr. Trickett has agreed to recommeud the Government to place a sum of £3000 on the additional Estimates to pay teachers of public, schools tbe full amount authorised for cleaning schools, irdm the date of the minute issued by the Instruction Department, on 13th August 1883, to the receipt by the teachers of the minute, dated 1st May, 1884, ordering a reduction in the amount. Mr. M'Culloch, member for Central Cumberland, has given notice that he will, in the Legislative Assembly en the 30th September move—" That, in the opinion of this House' education at the public schools should up to the compulsory standard be free, but beyond that standard fees should be charged on a scale to some extent commensurate with the cost of the instruction provided." At a wallaby drive, Albert Gegg, residing at Windellima, had a portion of the top of his middle finger on his right hand blown off by an explosion ot his gun. It appears that Gegg had laid his gun against a log, and was putting in the ramrod, when the gun exploded and resulted in the injury abovementioned, Next day Dr. M'Killop removed the top joint of the finger and dressed the wound. A man named Charles Wilcockson, who had the sub-contract for sinking the Government well at Ivanhoe, was killed last week. When extracting one of the iron pipes that had been left in the bore by the previous sub-coutractor another pipe fell on him, smashing his head fearfully, lacerating his shoulder, and breakiag one of his legs. Death must have been instantaneus. The body was buried on an order being given by the magistrates. Those intimate with the musical world (says the S. M. Herald) will sincerely regret to hear of the death of Mr. Chizlet, who for many years has held a prominent position as a teacher of vocal music in Sydney. Many of the most successful vocalists of the pa6t, as well as many promising ones of the future, owe their primary musical education to Mr. Chizlet, who through his life stuck tenaciously to the system adopted by the late Mr. John Hullah, whose pupil he was. Says the Melbourne World :—"Respecting the withdrawal of Sir Modred from the Hawkesbury event, manv rumours are afloat as to the reason. This is the latest: A wellknown up-country banker is said to have * put the screw' on somebody interested in the horse, or in part of the horse. The same individual also has the credit of having got all the money about him, and demanded a start. By way of retaliation the horse was scratched and the screw applied in another way." Archbishop Moran: " In little more than . 50 years a flourishing church has grown up, and has spread its branches throughout tbe length and breadth of the land, and it may be truly said that in tbe devotedness of its clergy, the fervor of its religious communities, the piety and generosity of its faithful children, Australia yields in nothing to the mother church at home. Its hierarchy is adorned by an array of bishops of whom any church in Christendom might be justly proud." Mr. M'Neill, the recruiting agent of the schooner Hopeful, was arrested in Townsvilie on a charge of murder. This action was taken in accordance with instructions received from Brisbane. The particulars to hand are that the cook, an African negro named Messiah, has laid the chare e that during the last trip of the Hopeful on June 13, while the vessel was off Rabbi Island, M'Neill fired at one of eight boyB in a boat alongside, and shot the lad through tbe chest. Death was instantaneous. The story is deemed to be false. A libel case has been set down for hearing at the next sittings of the Circuit Court in Sydney, on the 25th inst. Mr. P. Fowler, of Bathurst, has sued a writ against Mr. R. Kenna, of that city, claiming £5000 damages for false imprisonment and libel. The circumstances are briefly as follows:—Mr. Kenna made two unsuccessful attempts to prosecute Mr. Fowler for forgery, the Attorney-General in the last case refusing to file a bill. On the former occasion, the verdict of the jury resulted in Mr. Fowler's acquittal. Mr. Abigail has given notice in the Legislative Assembly that on the 16th inst. he will ask the Colonial Secretary the following questions :—1. Has Mr. Stocks, J.P., of Lismore, complied with the second letter of the Government requesting him to resign his commission 1 2\. If not, will the Government take immediate steps to give effect to their decision by removing this gentleman from the commission of the peace 'I 3. When will the papers referring to this case be produced, in accordance with a resolution passed by this House some months ago 1 Last week, at Braidwood, an old woman named Catherine Wallace was lodged in gaol under a warrant of committal for three months by the Araluen bench for using obscene lan-. guage. She is a widow, and has been in the habit of running about Araluen declaring that the ghost of her husband haunts her. About a fortnight ago, as a man was driving a team along the road, she rushed suddenly from behind a tree and threw two large atones at him, but fortunately without striking him. The people of Araluen assert that she is mad, and ought to be sent to a lunatic asylum, but nobody likes 'to take action in the matter. A somewhat important case, involving trespass on the railway line, waB heard last week (says the Narandera Argus), before Mr. H. Baylis, P.M. The charge was laid by Seniorsergeant Vaughan, the defendants being Daniel James Nolan and James Simpson, who were accused of wilfully trespassing upon the railway line, by turning eighteen bullocks thereon. Mr. Williams appeared on behalf of the Commissioner for Railways, and Mr. Muir for the defendants^ who pleaded guilty to the charge.- The maximum penalty for the offence is £50. In the case under notice they were fined, how- ever, £2 l"9-. w i t h c o s t s o f c o u r t a n d P r o f e s" sional costs added. The Tinonee correspondent of the Manning Vita times reportB the narrow escape of Mr. •Fverinfiham'fl iamily from beins burned in their beds by their house catching fire. It noDears that the inmates retired to rest, leaving a fire for the purpose of warming food for a tick child, and were soon fastasleep. About 12 o'clock the fire caught the woodwork of the chimney, and burnt it down. In its fall it Iodeed on the roof of the skillion, and immediately ignited the shingles. At this juncture Constable Brennan saw the light and hastened to the scene. On arrival he fonnd the family still asleep. With some difficulty he aroused them, and with assistance and a liberal supply of water, which was fortunately at hand, quickly subdued the ilamei, which were rapidly extending along the building. Had hs not arrived at the opportune moment, in all probability the whole family would have perished by a horrible death. 