The action, Scott and others v. Hogabth, which was brought before His Honor Mr Commissioner Whitefoord in the Court of Requests on Tuesday last, has a public bearing that to the bulk of our readers does not appear on the face of it. The action was heard as a claim for £15 damages for removal of a fence by Mr W. G. Hogarth from land occupied by him at Breadalbme, and belonging to the trustees of the late Hon. J. Reid Scott, the lease having terminated on the 1st March last. The fence in question was constructed of split sapling stakes driven in the ground, to which three-inch battens were attached by nails. It was put up only three months prior to the expiration of the lease as a temporary fence. The contention of the owners of the farm was that by law and by the lease the tenant on leasing the farm was net entitled to the fence and he had notice accordingly some time before leaving, but nevertheless he removed it. Throughout the colony it is generally understood that all structures put up by a tenant becomc the absolute property of the proprietor, as well as improvements of any other description. This law it is obvious hinderj tenants from making improve ments, and is most detrimental to the interests of a country. In England an agitation for legislation to protect teQants from this iniquitous law was successful, and a more equitable law is now in force there. The chief argument used in its favor was that a tenant farmer took lease of a farm for say 14 years. As a rule lie had to commence with an expenditure of capital in permanent improvements and the supply of manures. Then before he benefitted from his outlay iu the course of agricultural operations, several of the 14 years having expired, for five or six years before the lease ran out he, as a matter of^prudence, withheld his expendi ture for manures and improvements because some of them, ' as unearned in crement,' would pass to his successor. And, moreover, if he continued his liberality to the land up to the close of his lease, the .result would be to increase the value of the farm at the next letting, and in order not to be outbid by others, if he wished to retain the farm, he had to give a higher rent in consequence of his own capital being invested in the im provement of the land. The practice, therefore, was to run farms down for say, five years prior to the close of a 14 years lease, thereby gradually lessening the maximum productiveness of the land, which, for the benefit of the community should be maintained. Then it took another five years of the suc ceeding fourteen years' tenancy to bring the farm up again to the maximum pro duction. Thus for only four out of fourteen years did the country at large reap the benefit of its maximum pro ductiveness. As a remedy for this grave evil, the British Parliament passed an act last year, entitled the Agricultural Holdings Act, appointing assessors to value all the ' unearned increment' a tenant had put into the farm, either as perniauent improvements of any kind, or as manures. Under this act the valua tion is made by the assessors, and is now paid by the landlord to the tenaut in cash, on his leaving the farm. In the local cause, Scott and Others v. Hogarth, was involved the question which gave rise to the long and warm con troversy between landlord and tenant in England, which has culminated in the passing of the Agricultural Holdings Act of 1883. In dealing with the case on Tuesday the jury, without leaving the box, found for the defendant, and the thanks of tenant farmers especially, as well as householders, are due to Mr Hogarth for his determination in defend ing a suit of this description. He was clear enough about having equity on his side, but he was not sure about the law. Our object in directing attention to this case is ti have it brought under the notice of the Legislature, in the hope of having a similar measure to the Agri cultural Holdings Act of England intro duced here with as little delay as possible. But tenant farmers should remember that agitation for this reform must origi nate with themselves, and we shall aid them to the extent of our abilities aud influence. The extraordinary municipal election ' which cime off in the Town Hall yester day, was in reality an extraordinary dec tion. On no previous occasion has a con- ! test for a single seat in the Launceston j Municipal Council been carried on so vigorously. This applies more particularly j to the operations of the committee and I friends of Mr Sutton, as but few of the ' supporters of Mr Dunning took any ae'ive pirt in canvassing the burgesses or pre vailing on them to come to the polling place. But a large body of the burgesses, chiefly single voters, were determined ti place Mr Sutton in the Council, and they succeeded. They rose in their might, paid their rate3, and took tlieir choice. The amount of rates col lected yesterday, mostly in moderate sums, is astonishing. Upwards of £1200 had been paid into the treasure 's hands by 3 45 p.m., and the cry was then, 'Still they come.' We have never seen a better organised or more efficient- committee than that working for Mr Sutton, and seldom so popular a candidate to work for. The j 1; t ^e sum paid in yesterday increased the number of burgesses qualified to vote immensely, far beyond our estimate, tnd ; consequently the votes ^recorded are larger than the most experienced committee-man could have expected, reaching 836 for .Mr Sutton, and 574 for Mr Dunning, giving the former a majority of 262. Mr Sutton has given sterling proof during the week that he will make an efficient member of the Town Council. The -expectations of the burgesses as to liis powers are, however, high enough for the abilities - f any man to realise. Mr Sutton will take his seat on Monday, and as very manyof hissupportei s have unlimited faith in his ability, much will be expected of him. We believe he will not disappoiut them, and the advice he gave them after the declaration of the poll was excellent, if at any time they feel aggrieved or want anything done, call on hira, state their case, and if it be in his power it shall be done, When Mr Dunuing acceded to the request of his friends to become a candidate he had no reason to suppose he would encounter such strong if any oppositii n. He has been faiil/ dealt with by his opponent, Mr Sutton, bu jo the: s have dealt very harshly with him. The best proof of the high esteem in ? which Mr Dunning is held, is the fact that without a committee to further his canvass, 574 votes were voluntarily recorded for him. This is encouraging, and Mr Dunning intimated that he intends to appear as a candidate for a seat in the Council again. Hospital Boaed. — A special meeting of the Hospital Board was held at the of appointing a' matron . for the General Hospital, S'ice Miss Windred, resigned, when there werip present — Mr Geo. T. Collins (Chairman), and Messrs. J. F. Hobkirk, A. W. Birchall, W. Barnes, B. P. Farrelly, J. C. Ferguson, F. Stan field, H. Weedon, Dr. Murphy, and the Surgeon- Superintendent, Dr. L. G. Thompson. . In reply to the advertise ment, 30 applicants sent in their names, which, after being read over, were con sidered in committee. After about two hours' consideration, the ballot decided in favor of Mrs Ware, of Hobart, and that lady was accordingly declared elected to the position of ma ron. A Sthawge Bibthplace. — Yesterday afternoon, short'y after 3 o'clock, a young woman left her residence in Pat terson-street to proceed up town, but when opposite the gaol buildings she was observed by one. of the officials to fall as in a faint. When assistance arrived, it was found that the unfortunate creature had been taken suddenly ill. She made an effort to reach her destination, but her strength failed her, and she gaye birth to a child on the pathway. Fortunately a few minutes after the s'range occurrence, a good Samaritan, a married woman, passed, and noticing the p- or creature in her sorrowful predicament, she wrapped the new-born babe in her shawl, and with the assistance of the police she was con veyed in a car to the Hospital, where we learnt last evening she was in a fair way towards convalescence. Launceston' Debating Association. — To-night a ' social evening,' consisting of members of the association, will be held at the Fire Brigade Rooms, when a pro gramme of readings,' recitations, piano solos, and songs, 'will be gone through. We understand that Mr .F. . Ferguson, Dr. Crowther, Mr Cato and pther gentlemen have promised their assistancej so that a very pleasant evening inay be looked | forward to. This will be the first social j meeting in connection trith the associa- j tion, and we trust the members trill unite [ in making it a success. A Godsend to Lawyers. — A witness | appeared at the Police Court yesterday, j who, for the clearness and intelligence of j his answers,' might? well be imitated by] the generality of older, yet usually more stolid witnesses who from time to time are called upon to give evidence in our j courts. He was a little boy of 8 years old, just big enough for his head to j appear outside the witness*box ; but his | ?evidence was straightforward and without confusion, and he stuck to what he Baid. £ mall-pox. — The police ' have taken active measures to ensure due precaution being taken by parents against the spread of small-pux by having their children vaccinated.; A number of -cases were brought before the ; Bench yesterday morning for neglecting to have their children vaccinated before they, wire six months' old, and, unless they could show medical reasons and certificates for their neglect, they were fined 10s and costs ; j the magistrate emphasising his decision . by allusion 'to the danger to 'which they ? were exposing their- children, now that i small-pox was almost,: so to say, at their doors. Chbistian Mission Band of Hope. — The Band of Hope in connection with the Christian Mission Church held its usual monthly meeting last evening, in the pavilion, Wellington-street. The place was crowded with the members and their friends, who spent a very pleasant even ing. Some splendid dissolving views were exhibited with the. oxy-liydrogen lime light, by Miss Reed, the subjects shown being a series illustrative of ' The Battle or the Road to Ruin,' views of Palestine, and Biblical . subjects, with several very pretty cliromatropes. Pastor Hiddlestone officiated as delineator, and gave interesting and instructive accounts of the various scenes/ At the close votes of thanks were passed to Miss Reed and the Pastor, and on the congregation being invited to join the Baud 32 came forward for that purpose, while another 34 t'-ok the Blue R bbori pledge. Longford Regatta. — A correspondent writes :- -The public meeting in con nection with the regatta advertised to take place in. the Assembly -Room' on September'lst lapsed through paucity of attendance, the Warden (W. H. D. Archer, E»q.) being unable to attend. However, the object of the meeting was discussed, 'and'llielnaines of 'some of 'the residents mentioned who,' if appointed, were willing to act as -a committee, and one of those present interested in aquatics decided to take the matter in hand and call a meeting, which took place . at. Find'ay's Hotel on Wednesday, 3rd inst., Mr Sutton being chairman. The follow ing gentlemen were elected as a com mittee, with power to add to the number : — Messrs. Jno. Wright, H. Causby, W. Williams, A. Drane, Thos. Hudson, H. Young, J. Dawson, J. Ee:d, J. Powell, W. Abey, F. Paiilden. Mr F. Paulden was ' elected treasurer, and Mr S. East secretary. It was decided to hold the regatta on Prince of Wales' Birthday, November 10th. A preliminary meeting of the committee will take place early next week. And now a start having been made with a balance from last regatta of £25, a good programme framed, and the boating men well interested, as well as the residents'- hearty support, the resatta should be a through success. We may be considered fortunate tliia year in regaid of something to relieve the dulness of the times. What with entertainments (one in aid of the regatta fuud), the show in October, our aqua' ic event in November, all tend to make business and keep us from being melancholy. Long ford Show. — The Northern Agri cultural Society will hold their annual exhibition at Longford on October 8, 'when prizes will be offered to the value of £400. All exhibits must be sent to the yards by 10 a.m. on the show day, except hunters and carriage horses, which will be re ceived up to l2 o'clock, and Merinos in their wool, which must be in the yards at 11*30 a.m., and implements and machineiy at 7 p.m. the day. previous. Entries close September 27^ ? ' One blast upon his bu?le horn, were worth a thousand men.' And so one bottle of Udolpho Wolves Scnran.\ir Ap.omatic Schnapps is -worth cases of cordials anl elixirs that please tbe pilate without benefiting the J body, and stimulate only to make the reaction more injurious in its effects on th1! -y.-'nu and) productive of a more evii traiu of results. Town Improvements. — A great im- 1 provement has just been effceted to the ! front of Messrs. Walch Bros, and Bir- j chilli's (stationers and music warehouse) ' premises in Brisbane-street, wldch now presents a very pleating and ornamental appearance. The whole of the front has been renovated and painted, wlii'st over tbe door a facia has been placed, and over the archway at the side a new signboard is ' added, both lettered in light blue shaded j with gold upon a white marble ground, -i The lettering and marbling is from the ' brush r.f that well-known skilled artist, i Mr C. Edmunds, who, it may easily be seen, has given mly another evidence of . his proficiency as an ornamental writer ' as well as a perfect master of the harmony j of color. The sashes of the windows are imitation bronze, whilst the pillars have ! also not escaped notice. Nokthern Tasmaxian Hunt Club. — From the Master of the Hounds, Mr A. T. Harvey, we have received the annual report of the Northern Tasmanian Hunt Club, which is a most satisfactory one, especially as at the commencement of the hunting season matters looked gloomy aud unpromising, and it was feared that in 1884 there would have been a sad blank in the hunting history of the North. How ever, the present Master was asked to take the matter in hand, and so earnestly did he put his shoulder to the wheel, that at once he set this incomparable sport in motion, and we are g'ai to add it has been running at a meriy pace ever since. At the commencement of tho present season there was a considerable Dr. balance against the club of unsettled accounts belonging to the previous year, which WAP/* naiH riff liv o fiiir nf lact tido r'o mnni_ 'J « AUOL JKOi. a ihvui bers, so that the club should not have to draw upon this season's subscriptions. The hounds, which were most kindly lent by the Hon. Thos. Reibey, who also added some excellent youngsters to the pack, have been of the greatest value to the club, and have turned out right well. I During tlie season there have been 16 advertised meets, as follows : — Cocked Hat 3, Longford 3, Campbell Town2, Delo raine 2, Perth I, Nile 1, Cressy L, Carrick 1, Bisliopsbourne 1, Clarendon 1, all of which, with the exception of Cressy and -Carrick, were very successful, the runs hav ing given those present every satisfaction. The attendance of straight-going hunting men has been good throughout, there being seldom less than 20, whilst generally the average has been more than double that number. The.e has been almost an absence of casualties during the sea --on, the unfortunate accident to a lady at Campbell Town being the exception. There will probably be a run at Entally the end of this month or some time in October (due notice of which will be given), and if possible another at Deloraine, which will wind up the season. The Hunters' Steeplecha5e, to be held at Campbell Town this month, promise? to become a regular instituti -n, and is one well worth support by all interested in hunting. There is every probability of its growing into a Hunt Club Steeplechase meeting next season, should the support the club receives warrant it. In connec tion with the N.H.C. we may add that a jumping tournament of the hunters en gaged during the past s ason will be held in the Launceston ShowGrounds on Satur day, September 27, commencing at 1 p.m., when the following prizes will be offered : — Hunter carrying list, first prize £6 Ca ; second, £2 2s. Hunter canying 13st, first prize £6 6s ; second, £2 23. The winner of each of the above events to jump off for the Blue Ribbon of the club and £10 10s added. High jump, carry ing lOst or over, first prize £66j ; second, £1 Is. The best hack up to any weight, first prize £4 4s ; second, £1 Is. En trance for the jumping prizes, I sov. each event, and for hack prize 10s. All the above are open to public competition, with exception of the i31ue Ribbon, with £10 10s added, which can only be won by a member of the club ; that is, if a non member win either tbe list or 13st jump ing j-rizes, he would have to join the club to entitle him to compete for the Blue Ribbon. Northern Tasmanian Poultry So ciety.— A committee meeting of the above society was held at Mr W. T. Bell's Mart yesterday, when the following list of entries for the forthcoming exhibi tion was made, comparative with last year :— Poultry 234, 1883 239 ; pigeons 170, last year 142 ; homing match 10, last year 15 ; cage birds 110, last year 102 ; dairy produce 109, las*, year 70 ; extra exhibits, spiced meat, etc., 20 ; thus showing an increase of over 80 entries in last year's show. Several- new features in the poultry section have been added, and everything augurs well f jr a most successful exhibition, the show of hams, bacon, and spiced meats (another new feature) being especially good. The Hobart delegates are Messrs. A. J. Chapman, W. Murrell, and T. R. Dossetor, and we may also remind country exhibitors that the usual facilities, by the trains has been secured the same as last year. Sporting Notes from Abroad.— Th first foal in Australia this year is a colt by Grand Flaneur from Misfortune, who was ushered into the world at 1 o'clock on the morning of August 1st. This was a narrow shave, and it was fortunate for Mr Andrew Town that he did not have to receive the little fellow a few hours earlier. ' Augur' thus alludes to the death of a celebrated brood matron; — ' What pleasant memories the name of old Sappho revives ! Poor old mare ! She has gone the way of all horseflesh after a life of usefulness to her owner, Mr George Lee, to whom she proved a perfect treasure. Bred in 18C2, sue was only 22 years of age when she died, and during lier career she produced Lecturer, Kings boroucli, Sa^auaka, Emily, Nellie, Spin ningdale. and Sainora — all winners.' The sale of Lord Falmouth's stud, at New market, on July 31st, attracted buyers from all parts of the world, and, as was expected, cnotmous prices were realised for the choice lots. Tlie total realised was £75,440 for the yearlings, mares, foals, and sires, and this total, added to the £36,440 received for the horses in training, brings the grand total of the sale up to the enormous amount of £111,880. In point of looks there was nothing in the catalogue to compare with Jannette, whom several competent judges pro nounced the finest-looking mare ia England ; but Spinaway, as the dam of Busybody, carried off the honors of the day in the matter of price, and next to her came Wheel of Fortune, while Jannette took third place. Tlie sires sold very cheaply, but the yearlings made the marvellous average of 1147 guineas, two colts making 3000 apiece. The White Elephant at Auckland. — The iVcte Zealand Herald says : — The City Fathers have been wrestling with their 'white elephant,' the 15-ton steam roller, during the week. It was rather unfortunate that, at the outset, it should have got bogged in Elliot-street, and had to lift abandoned for the nisht on Mondav. i The contractors attribute the accident to tho fact that it3 head had not been 'wet' before starting, and that in consequence tlie leviathan was making a bee-line for the rear of Whitson's brewery. Others assert that the concern was being steered very much like our ship of State at Wel lington. One was calling out 'Forge ahead,' another ' Easy astern.' Now it was a yell of ' Starboard your helm !' and anon a cry of 'Port!'' The end was that the mammoth beedle- crusher ' took charge.' Everybody could see that the 1 concern was Erring and in another half ! turn of the fly-wheel would have gone ! head over heels, like a bull in a china shop, into Whitson's bottling department, but a bank of mud providentially inter vened, and in that it hid its diminished i head. Shortly afterwards a holy friar j came along, but as the monster had then ceased puffing — given up the- ghost in fact— his services were not brought into requisition. The City Fathers' have come ' to the conclusion that it was not the 15-ton steam-roller's 'day out.' Aw Ungrateful Judge.— What is a kiss J asks the Pall Mall Gazette. The question can only be answered by experi enc : sohitur osculando. But it is easy after a decision in the Lambeth County Court to. say what a kiss is not ; it is not legal 'consideration.' A surgeon in Lambeth kissed a working man's wife ; the husband valued the kiss at £5 ; and the surgeon gave him an I.O.U. for that amount. A month after date an action was brought on this document, but the judge promptly ruled that there was no consideration, and gave a verdict for the defendant. Perhaps the lady was in court, and the judge may have been iufluenced by that. For even the poets admit that there are ' kisses and kisses the interesting question is whether the judgment meant to lay down a general principle, or whether every case must be decided on its merits. Freethouqht in Aucelvnd. — The common sense mode of dealing with Freetliought and its advocates, lias been adopted in Auckland. The New Zea land Herald shows how, thus : — It seems a little hard on Mr Selby, whoever he is, that after ho has come all this way to j Auckland to show the people how un- ; reasonable a thing their Christianity is, he should find that nobody is at all anxious to hear what he has to say about it. The cUrgy whom te challenged to a public debate have not shown any alacrity in taking up the gauntlet, or in ' putting on the gloves,' as we should now say. In fact they have treated him as, it is said, Socrates treated his wife, neither with honor nor dishonor, but with considerable' indifference. The Bishop has indeed answered Mr Selby's letter, but it i- to inform him, with polite irony, that he does not see in what way any good results can follow from a contest with that gentleman. The Bishop is probably aware that Free thinkers are often free talkers as well, and that into their discussions, aB into those of the City Council (ire have it on the best authority), much that is irrele vant and personal is too often introduced. People have heard enough about Moses' mistakes and the rest of the twaddle that go to make up a Freethought debate, and they are beginning to grow tired of the nonsense. At the last disciusion the proceeds, after all ' necessary expenses' were deducted, were to be given to the Hospital. These amounted altogether to 3s 6d.; the *' nec ssary expenses' to some £20. The Freethought gentlemen must not be offended if they are told that something more than gratitude for such a munificent gift will be wanted to make people givo their money for such . an entertainment a second time. Mr Selby, therefore, must be satisfied with the admiration of his own congregation, for he, too, It seems, is a Triton among the minnows of thfe Rationalistic Association. . Sbbious Te am way Accident., in Sydney.' — A tramway accident of a very serious nature happened in Oxford street, Sydney, at noon on Saturday last (says the S.M. Herald). A tram was pro ceeding up Oxford-street along with a disabled motor, whioh it was taking to the yards at Bandwick for repairs. When it had proceeded as far as Crown- street the coupling gave way, and the damaged motor ran back down the incline at a tremendous speed, and came into col lision with a racecourse tram crowded with people. The force of the shock was very great, and those who had secured seats were thrown in a heap together, while others standing on the steps and platform were thrown violently to the ground. Tiro gentlemen were taken away in a cab in an. insensible condition, while several others, whose injuries were of a minor character, were taken to the Sydney Hospital, and tad their wounds dressed by the house surgeon. The loss ? of life would have keen enormous had not the driver of the up engine noticed the danger immediately and reversed his engines, which, to a certain extent, les sened the effect of the collision. The wildest excitement and confusion pre vailed for about 20 minutes. The motor which was the cause of the accident was eventually secured, attached again, and proceeded cn to its destination. 