Ladies' Page. Gipsy's Notes. Herr Kretclunan's Concert WAS one of the best attended and most enjoyabl musical gutheringa that we have had for some tim« The audience gathered by Invitation in the grea hall of the University, which, with ita " störie Íianes" foliage adornments and aummerily- attire air ones, waa seen at ita beat. All the musical foll of Sydney were present, and fashion had a good shar of representatives. Dr. Ellie, Madame Merry Madame Marius, the Metropolitan Liedertafel, an< Herr Kretohmann's pupils had a share in the pro gramme, so had the City Band, whioh played undei Cr. S. Hodge's direction. The Mayoress was present accompanied by her daughter, Mra. L. Alderaon. A Mee Picnic. Saturday afternoon (19th) Mr. Kenwood, an archi tect from England, who likes Sydney BO muoh that he has deserted his fatherland to settle here, enter tained about 60 of his friends at a moat enjoyable outing. The Katie waa chartered, and together with provisions, guests, and a harpist, steamed up Middle Harbour to Pearl Bay. By general consent the cloth was spread on the sward instead of in the pavilion, and willing hands soon covered it with a dainty repast provided by Gansler. The president "of the Owl Club-when that merry meal was 6niahed-pro posed tho host's health, musical honours wore givei at the same time, and in a very few words Mr. Ken wood returned thanks. Then tho ladies found champions in Messrs. Cad.ly and Teooo, tho lattoi appropriately styling himself " their latest victim "; aud after thia every one strolled down to tho pavilion 'where the har pi it played a series of popular dance» and found industrious listeners. On the homeward journey the beauties of the trip wère accentuated bj songs from Mr. W. McCarthy, Mr. Leaton, and ti recitation hy Mr. C. Tooee. After a thoroughly ¡ enjoyed day Sydney waa roachod about 8 o'oloo.V when the oorapany separated after giving throe cheers for their( host. Petersham Dance. At " Bonerá " on the 18th instant, guests in nun Der verging upon a 100, commenced dancing at ha] past 8 to very good musio, and as the; hoste?B'too care to make everyone comfortable, she was spare the trouble of saying adieu till hall'-past 2 next mon ing. Two daughters of tho house graced r ise-pin :'' llama and pale blue. Cream satin and cardinal froi Moore Park with a pretty wearer. Thosamooombini tion enhanced with gold braid from Riley-streol peacock blue satin from Petersham, white and bin from Oxford-street. From Surry Hills in blue casi mère and broche, a fiancee sifter in cream and card nal, and pale blue from Paddington, wore ospeoiall admired. Obi and tho belle lives in Riley-street, an wore white cashmere with bodice of cardinal. Petersham Owls. The members of that ornithological society ha one of their muoh-likod sooiables on Tuesday 15 t,h, i: the Town Hall. It is difficult to impress upoi Borne folk how beautiful a quality is pune tualifcy. They see its advantages very cloarl; in others ; but in. their own case their optical norvo ure not quito BO sensitive. Well, on account o certain of ! these selfish pooplo, tho concert did no commonoo till half an hour after the stated time, bu as it was very well arranged and carried out, thi waiters forgot their woos in listening'. Miss Clan Whomes's pianoforte solo gave admirable foretaste < i excellencies, and a storm of applause followed. Mr C. R. Wood's " Outpost," Mrs. Wood and Mist Sheridan Reed's duet from " Semiramide" solos bj . eaoh of those ladies, Mr. Murray's "Standardof Eng. land," the Pippo'B Champion soug from "Populaire," \ahd< Mr. Ward's "London Bridgo," were mosl warmly, received, as indeed they should bo. Mist Annie Roberts and Herr Franoik took ohargo respec tively of a piano and violin in a duet from " William Tell." :Mr. Charles Cox and a concertina wero con goniál companions, and Messrs! Waldron, Touoe, and Ben Palmer recited with all duo taste and expression "The Little Hero," "Teach Me tho Way to Die," and "The Tay Bridge Disaster.if About' 10 the chlirs were cleared, ladies shook out their crumpled Bkirts,, gave sly touches to stray looks, smoothed their, gloves into wrinkless porfeotion^ said ," With ", plèàsure," in reply to stereotyped queries, and forth ** withfkept tithe to danoo music until 12 o'clock oame, ... and with it the last train to Sydney,;- whereby many * revellers wore i conveyed . thence.' ... Amongst most admired damsels wero-one wearing cardinal satin bodice and oream, lace skirt ; a tall lady ih black velvet; deep laoe and pearls ; a olever timist in prune , velvet and train ; a very pretty combination of grace, cream broohe and veiling, ; all from Balmain. ; Petersham is the h imo of a nice danoer, adorning . pink satin and veiling. Ivy showed its taste by clinging to the wearer of white lawn and crimson ribbons ; and blue satin co- operated with pink veil ing to make a Marrickville maiden attractive. " Notes at tlie © ilety. Orohestra chairs, stalls, and gallery well filled, and knowing what that means to "the treasury the prinoi ' pals in an opera company ave encouraged to sing their very best, tho audience respond by frequent applause, \- and .everything goos comfortably. . This was tho pleasant state of affairs on Monday evening, wron tho .. popular and melanoho!y " Lucia De Lam mermoor" waa performed. Miss Annis Montague, was eyer a favourite in Sydney, aad if ahe continues , to sing and act as oharthingly as in this rois the fair cantatrice will long maintain her prestigel In Mr. Charles Turner she had a splendid ally, and Mr. (or is it Signor?) Verdi did his best, and succeeded in helping to render the whole a musioal treat. Mr. JV Gordon took the part of Raimondo, and his fine deep tones wero heard to great advantago, though his ut terance is not .quite so distinct as is possible. It. is very amusing to soo pooplo rushing up and down the stage gesticulating, throwing them. . solves into' each other's arms, fainting; : falling, protesting, appealing, &o;, all in dumb show.- After a while, however, this becomes monotonous, and one wishes to know why and where fore all this is done. But tbo oornetist and other brassy men seem inclined to forget that they are to accompany the singers, instead of which they contrive that the singers accompany them. One can hear clever instrumentalists any day ; but voices like the , Turners are too good to be drowned, besides, it is interesting to hear, every word ; and as the opera is performed in English it becomes exceeding tantalising to listen to something like the following, "Dearest I vow that ever I will," bang bang, thump, squeak, "I implore thee no ver to"-squeak, , bang, bang, pom, pom, and BO on. This was the only fault (but it is a serious one) in the wholo opera. Next Monday the long-promised " Paul and Virginia" is to be given, and little birds say those famous lovers sing moat melodiously. . Woman's Rights Party. Many queer conceits have the Amerioaus in their social gatherings, but most amusing is the entertain ment under the above title, one of whioh wa? given with infinite enjoyment to all conoarned in a country township of N. S. Wales recently- Ladies issued the invitations, and when the company arrived the usual order of things was reversed. Gentlemen remained seated and ladies walked round requesting to be permitted to inspect programmes, and inscribed their names in all due form. When the music oom menoed they offered their rounded arms te their part ners and escorted them through the dance ; gravely returning them to seats at the close. When supper time came the fair innovators partook of refresh ments alone. No male was allowed to be present, and during this meal a pieoe of folded paper was handed round upon whioh each lady was requested to inscribe the name of the gentleman whose social qualities were most agreeable. The hostess then counted the number of names, and that gentleman's whose patronymic ooourred most fre auentlv waa voted ** ne&u; of tho Sall." Tumut. On the 16th instant a pretty wedding was cele brated at All Saint's Church, between: Mr. C. Ñ. Beagling, of Adelong, and Miss Maggie, eldest daughter of Mr. John Wilkinson, of Springfield. That young lady wore handsome cream Indian muslin, cream satin bodice, wreath and veil. Her six brides maids followed in pairs ; two wearing cream veiling and ruby satin, two cream and pink, and tw< more cream and pale blue, with floral wreaths. At Springfield the breakfast was laid, and from thence Mr. and Mrs. Beegling drove to Adelong, where they will resido. Clerical Wedding, The Reverend Thomaa Kemmis has been asked to perform the rites whioh will on the Slat inatAUC con. vert Miss A. Arnheira into the wife of the ««fin.ar urooohor. the Rev. Dr. Ellis. St. Mark's, Darling Point, is to hold the bridal party and their 4 i^uda. Faslilim IVotcs. The yoünglady in our picture thia time, wears one of the fashionable jackets with linen iront and collar, of whioh I haye more than once written. "With tho said front little ties or cravats aro donned, and the dress of tho present timo being in favour of severe simplicity, tho general offoot is very neat and nice. Silk gloves, pretty long, .and contrasting with tho oostume are popular, and very suitable to the sultry dayB now upon us. For the same reason, shoes are more liked than hoots, and also for a similar pause, white muslin and printB show themselves every where. These fortunately for girls who make their own dresses, aro most easily run up j just aseries of flounces, narrow or wide as the woarer fancies, forms the skirt. The bodice is^oloso fitting, and a ribbon belt keeps it in placo at tho waist. masonic Ball. January is not .tho most suitable month in Aus tralia for dancing, nevertheless to celebrate the open ing of their new hall in Castlereagh- streot, tho Masonic brethren of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales are to have a ball therein on Thursday night. A full account will be found in tho "Notes " next .'week. . .... t. . Opcntn&r; masonic Hail; r.; " Tho dingiest part of Castloroagh-stre'ot, nearest Ggulburn-street, is where the new Masonic Hall has been erected. Wednesday afternoon, when fall Masonic honours were used, this particular locality did not look any better by contrast with flying flags and light toilets of ladies invited to witness the oeremony of consecration. Proceedings commenced by a grand procession pf all tho brethren (with the exoeption of some half-dozen who re mained to see their guests were provided with BeatBl to Christ Church, where Divine service was heard. I never knew till Wednesday how much of grandeur there was in Masonry. Grand Master, Grand Secretary, Grand Registrar, Grand Inspector of Working, Senior Grand Warden, Junior Grand Warden, Grand Steward, Grand Tyler, Grand Deacons, and several more grand things. While all these magnificent people were performing their devo tions tho hall was occupied with ladies, who listened to a concert, wherein Mr. J. Gordon's superb bass notes were heard in " Eoce Dens," and sounded ever so muoh better than when the orchestra of the Opera Company fought 1 against kim. Mr. Hallewell and Mr. Peir in a < warbled of Longfellow's "Excelsior," the f named gentleman waa at his best in " Then shall Righteous," and the latter, always welcome, no fortunate in " Nazarette." Messrs. C. B. Foster Massey performed upon the piano and organ, ai solo upon each of those instruments by each gentle, was also on the programme. ' * Hark the Vesper Hy i was especially listenable, the pianist's delicate tn making this a rare treat. After some minute good many, had elapsed, the Masons came back, band playing " Thy Face." The music was left i side. Then a procession of the chief dignita marched round the hall, the R.W. Grand Ma: Mr. J. S. Farnell took the chair, a peculiar cboru hand dapping ensued, and then the choir a "How bleat the tie." A cedar box v legs, and covered with a white doth ocout a square of tile-patterned oilcloth in centre of the hall. This chest dei gnat ed thelouge, and was uncovered afterawh no. before, however, the brethren had gonethrot lome peculiar manoeuvring of raising their ar; twisting them about, clapping their hands, ¿bo. 1 Kidge was sprinkled with oil ; oom was spilled over <o was wino, all this extravagance signifying, I lieve, nourishment, refreshment, and joy. A gi loal ot speechifying was made by various GM Masters, Grand Superintendents of works, Chaira >f Hall Committees, &o.;, and a fair share of mn ?nlivened the proeeoding.«. Fast 6 o'dook conaid ably when all was concluded. To correspondents. May (Bathuret) | A very good jelly maybe made ollnws :-Dissolve an ounce packet of gelatine for minutes in a teacup of cold water, then add anotl up ut boiling water, stir until melted, add wi 'ugar, juice and peel of two lemons. Beat the wh md shell of an egg together, stir briskly into 1 elly, then boil for two minutes without stirring, : move from the fire, let stand two minutes, strain, a when nearly cold put into a mould. Ournie y .Haiden-For satin, ' tho ordinary colot n tubes, turpentine, sable brushes, palette, o knife aro necessary. The material must be nm Uretohed upon a di a wing-board, and kept in pli ?vith pins, then the design is finely sketched wi Chinese white. Stiff brushes, called "Borubs,"i used for carrying the medium and working it well ii the satin, BO as to form a Bmooth surface, and then i painting goes on. (2.) Any artist's oolourman vt provide yon with the materials, and ordinary sa alone is requisite. Young Zenobia-A powder puff would suit a ti fair girl. The skirt is of white grenadine or tarlatai arranged in rows of puffings; white satin bodice, p feotly tight-fitting ; head-dress of swansdown j ep¡i lottes ot same. Polish skating dress equally boco mi This has a white sateen pelisse with oolJar, onffa a bordering down tho front of swansdown, a Poli cap, edged with swansdown, and a pair skates hanging from tho waist. (2.) Characters w formed, but an extravagant nature shows itself the spaces between each word. Henry (Tubbo)-The ugly word " masher," so mu n Uaun.jiv.cuuao fruin tin. UipH.y orKouiuny laugua ; ' Mushava," tho signification whereof is to charm I !ho oyo. Our " mashers," howovor, so far frc harming havo quite a contrary orToot. They are ye wnusing, though, and fulfil their vocation in life 1 Loiting the risible faculties of their acquaintances. Doubtful (.Grenfell)-Ono way to mount dui )laques is to oover a squaro or circle of wood wi elvot, affix tho china by copper wire passed aloi ?tie back of velvet crosswise and hooked over tl idos, top. and bottom of plaque, a loop of wiro i ?itring fastened on where the ooppor wiro crosaos i ho back will sorvo to suspend it from the wall. Vera-Thought you had desortod me. Glad to hei from you again. Highland Lassie ÇWoo Waa) -Treat him oivilly, bi infuse as muoh indifference into your manner as I compatible with o -urteey. Ho will soon grow tired Daisy (Eden)-No. Straw hats are mott iu favon (2.) On the leftside of a gentleman. {3 ) A aol or silver brooch may bo worn to fasten the linen coila; but other jewellery is out of placo with a ridin habit. Uuri°sima (Pilliga)- To whom does the bari tempe ii'lonti ? Are you its unhappy victim? First tlc et. nut toll you, bad tempered folk are always solfist elf is their only considération, somebody look winked, makes a npeooh- to wound self's vanity, fron thought'esau* ss omits some little attention to self «.nd Kirai h twa? there is a storm, and everyone i made misurubb. Wo you seo there is ono clue h imenduitut, put self aside, think of others and thei ?louiiort; make up your mind each day that no solfia] lotion shall como from you, and when the sharj speeches and angry words come surging .ip, just shut your lips and keep then baolr. Fow of us have B.-> many friends that we oaj afford to loso any by givi' g way to tho demon tom per. And let me wh:t*p. r, bad ternpurod folk ari neverliked, they oonsolu themselves by tollingyou theil little storms are soon over, KO they are mayhap, bui there is another always on tho brew to burst whet opportunity offers, and othor folks' ineinorios are noi quito so conveniently evanescont. If their, victims danoo attendanoo, consult every whim and make tilings smooth as possible, remember it is from fear not love. Now, will you act upon thia? (2.) Vory legible and clear. -, Lieutenant Frod.-Thank yon. The insects are not weevils. Ido not know anything of them, and am not desirous of improving the acquaintance. I s jririkled them well with insecticide (to bo bom ht at any store); they twisted themselves into various con tortions, sighed, and gave up the ghost, so you may repeat the experiment in your box. ; Sortie-Thankyou. Edith and Florrie (Noumea)-The rules are only to be had with the game, but I will see if I eau. give you directions in next issue. ¡ IuquiBitive-(1.) Thankyou. (2.) Sand 2sinBtamps to Nicholson, George.street, for thesong. Lieutenant Fly-Knew it before, but thank you all the same. ' GIPSY Communications for " Gipsy"'may be actdresBed oáre of Editor. Social items specially welcome. 