The Blatehford Bequest. From OMniben's Journal. Ik Foxtb. Okxitzv.h.—Conclusion, It was several monuis Dezore cue agent re turned from America, He had "been ordered to spore neither time nor money, and had kept his instructions to the letter, hut with little result as yet. Having after some troubla ascertained that the man who' was shot, as described by Mr. Dunn, passed under the natnecf Winslow, he went to, work to-trace him back. It was a difficult' task, but I; would have been even more so had not the so- CBlled Winslow, by sundry villauous acts, left his memory green in the minds of some he had come iu contact with. It will doubtless seem as though the search was begun at the wrong end; hut years ago the other way had failed.. From the time when he quarrelled irrevocably with his mother,Blatchford cOuld be traced a certain distance then be disappeared. At last the age t returned, By the merest chance e hod found a man who had sailed from Liverpool in the same boat that carried Blatchford or Winslow. He, like others, bad reasons of his own for remembering him. So this was the result of" the enquiry: Blatchford sailed from Liverpool at a certain date, under the name of Winslow. After a short- but discreditable career in various cities in North and South America, he had met his fate as described. Nothing was known about , his wife. Cuthbert heard the agent's report. "We had better advertise foi- jMrs, Wiu slow," that gentleman suggested. Cuthbert considered. Not yet," he said. "Go down to Liverpool, and try and trace back from there. He was a saloon passenger, you say. Most likely he stayed at a good hotel. A list of the guests may show where he came from, as he appears to have been contented with one alias. Go down and see what you CBn do; but don't write me or come to me until you think the case hopeless, or until you have learnt ail." The agent went bis way, and Cuthbert knew tbat the time was drawing near when the old battle must be refought. He strove to dismiss ihe matter from his mind ; but, do what he would, it was always with him. The sacrific now would be so tremendous. Evan if all went well with his party, and he had office, what good could be expected of a statesmen who has only the emoluments of his place to depend upon? He must degenerate—must sooner or later become a place-seeker, when office was a matter cf life and death to those he loved best in the world. No; if he gave up—as he was byhisown code of honor bound to give up—Mrs. Blatchford's wealth, farewell to public life. All that would be over. And with thc-se thoughts always with him, dread ing that each post would bring him news of the missing people, despite himself, the man's manner changed. He grew moody, pre occupied, and silent; even the smile with which he greeted his wife and children was different—so different, that for the first time since she had been married, Marian Bay felt unhappy and full of strange fears. It was about a month after.her husband's last interview with the confidential agent, that Marion sat alone. Cuthbert had gone to the north of England to speak, at an im portant meeting, held that night in a large town, one of the strongholds of his anta gonists. Although —the Wheys- being now people of some note—Marion had half a dozen invitations for this particular evening, she preferred spending it at home and alone. She sat thinking of many things, past and present, but most of all of Cathbert'a changed manner of late. It had for some time been a source of great uneasiness to her. He did not complain or show, any sign of illness; he was sanguine as to the outcome of public affairs; his ambition was not so high as to ensure disappointment. What, then, had changed him—changed his way of speaking, changed his smile ? Could it be, she thought, with the quick suspicion of a loving woman, that his affection for her was waning ? Did ho at last begin to think that, in marrying one so lowly as herself, he had thrown a chance away ? But such thoughts were but passing ones. He had given her too many proofs of the endurance of his love to permit her to harbor such' unworthy doubts. Yet she sighed, and prayed that whatever weighed upon her husband's might be removed, or that he would let her share the burden. After a while she rose and rang the bell. "Bring me to- night's letters," she said. Cuthbert kept eo secretary. He wa3 an energetic man, equal to any amount of work.; but whilst the Bouse was sitting his corres pondence was so voluminous, that recently his wife opened many of his ..letters, and sorted them according to the importance they bore. In this way she saved him much suae. There was a goodly pile to-night. Ska opened and examined each letter in turn—ail save one or two, which she laid aride un touched, knowing from the initials on the envelopes that they contained political matter so weighty that she must not be the first ta read it. Presently she came upon a thick packet, sealed and registered. It bore the Liverpool postmark, and was marked "Private"—but so was every second en velope. Without hesitatation she broke the cover and drew the letter out, leaviug the other papers which accompanied it be hind. " A begging petition with testimo nials," she said as sne opened the Isttei*, pre paring to take a hasty glance at its contents. As she unfolded the paper a Binall bright ob ject dropped from it on to her lap. It was a gold cross, one arm of which was broken off. She took it in her hand, looked at it for a moment, and then started as .if a snake had bitten her. With the trinket si111 in her hand, she turned .to the letter, and her face grew paler with every line she read. The missive was short; its meaning must have been plain, as Marion had no need to peruse it. As she read the last word, she let both letter and trinket fall, then, uttering a low cry of pain, placed her hands upon her eyes. "Oh, my darling," she moaned, "and this the reason—this why you have-chauged so, lately! My love, I may have deserved it, but not- like this!" So she sorrowed for a time, then her mood changed. She rose, and dashing her tears away, paced the room liko a queen. " If an angel had told me this, I would have laughed him to scorn! After so many years—so many h3ppy years ! Cuth bert, Cuthbert! why did you do it? How could you do it ? It was your right to know. Had you wished it, I would have told you— tcld sou freely, in spite of your promise. But oh! to-learn it like this, through a hired spy !" Then her proud bearing- forsook her, and the hot teara sprang forth again. But ab lest she grew composed; but there was a world of sweet regret in the words she ad dressed to her absent husband—" Yes, you will still love me, and I shall forgive even this. But never, never again shall we be the same to each other—never quite the same, Cuthbert!:: {She looked at the contents of the packets, Two or three letters in a woman's hand writing—one well known to her—which gavs her the feeling as of ghosts rising from the past. She replaced everything iu the cover, and locking it away, sat late into the night, thinking and thinking—longing for tho. morrow to end her suspense. (To be continued. i 