THE TH#RSDAY FEBRUARY 21, 1884 Foe a long tirde to come, in all pro. bability, the Railway Commissioners will be able to do little more than ae. quire proliminary, information with a view to framing some workable scheme for the arrangement of.. the service. One of the difficulties which will meet them at the outsetis an alleged excess of eeploye. Noov if the railways be over- manned, no false delicacy should be shown in reducing the number forthwith to the proportions of a work. able staff. In.the event of dismuissal;, ai endeavor will no dobt bhe niado ito raise a cry of " Black Wednesday," or something ofi thatkndd but the pub. Iio interest has to beconsidered, as well as that of individuals. If the work of the RailwayDepartment can be done by a .considerably smaller number of persons than the 9,000 now employed, there can be no good reiason why the tax-payers sheoildho mulcted for the benriefit of useless billet holders. The farmers throughouit the country have been complainingloudlysof the want of labor, ind asking for a resumption of assisted: imiigratio, anod they have res. son to feel aggrieved if the Government intensifies tlo labor dearth by employ. ing a niriber of hands itt: does not re quire, and the payment of whose wages falls upoin:the complainants, in com. moni with the'rest of the commanity. From the prevalence of the belief that Goierninement employment is easier and more perrmanent than tlitatfforded by private emiployers, it has been eagerly sought, and, hitherto, the pressure of political rinfluence has doubtless pushed into the public service, a great many people who could have h en ' dispensed .with without the service becoming de. raiged, or the puiblic work imperfectly done. It is just possihle, indeed, that an excess of employeesr may have re. tarded the official operationis rather than accelerated them, on the principle that Stoo mtsny cooksspoil the broth." It is reported that in the Miiiug Depart. ment, for example, a crowd of clerks were constantly employed in the cam. pilationof statistics, almsost insariably inaccurate, and of inot the slightest use to any one even had theiy leen conmet. There was also employed another set of clerks, to record minutes and emooain connection with these valuable labors of their confreres, and so it went on, until a costly establishment was made up. It is just possible that there is good deal of this kind of thing in the IRailway Department also. It has been observed that the greater the number of officials present at a railway station, the less attention is paid to the passe gers. The employes are too inot taken up si commuinicating with each other to hvie any tii o at theirdisposul ;o:bestow upon the ipublic. ..,The x periment of Mr,Gillies ini appointing special luggage porters at the Spencer Street Station failed to 'atta in is oh ject in accomnmodating the ipasseigers, becanuse, qf we may credit a Melbourne contemporary, ,theporters' neglected their dutyisnd passed their time in gos siping with each other. This is clear ovidonecd tdit the thing was oerdlons. A single porter would; probably, havre takento his.proper duties with alacrity, from pure ses, buttay srowdoi thei could notesisath ' plea 'b f 'idiscus sing public affairs, whilsttei passengers had to carry their luggagei tlheoselm G antinglthat' toot.many persons are pow empl yed by the' Departmncot,the dismissal of a portion of thlies oughtto be no greater grievance than would be a roductions f theimobr of his bands' by a contractor or nmanufacturer, The men i lnotl suppoosed -t'use !pauprs, provided for at the publio eixpeak, dl though ip niany cases,' inder thepoliti cal nominee systenm th ey s ae, doubt las, 'so i actual facot.' They are saP posed to render at vaijjl'n be oideratio5 frtlicir pay, Iand :they ,ought to be abbei trinsuaferthoir; stiength or shill to another branch of industry, if their preoemnt einployment fails them. A l way, the public sorvice, aise more t peciollyt tihe Railwy Departison o5 not. to. be turned, into abeervole asylumson their behalf So far i future appointments aro concerned, the gailway Management Act will, pro. ably, prove suficiet to prevent nmorn Spersons being employed than are an. tualey required, but it will be thard ship as well as a danger to the puiblie to allow the present over-crowding to continue notil the ranks become thinned by death. We preesumie that the per formaneo of 'certain duties in each branch will require a certain nuimber of employes; and that these : found, every additional nan will to a eoncumii trance, and a soure, of confusion. Should the Commissioners employ such powers as they possess to make a judi cious weeding out, so long as it is done grdually and without harshness to in dieiduals, it is to be hoped that public opinion will support them in their en deavor to reduce railway management in Victoria to those business principles which obtain in other countries. Ir appears that a local paragriaph of eurs in our issue of 14th iist, has evo ked the evident wrath and righteous indignation of a Sale 'contemporary. Taking the comments in a leading arti cl of 18th inst. we will deal with them serraim. and,, would obsere that' u youthful up-country contemporary' s he designates us, is rathor to be com plimented on the poossessioni of youth' and vigour, as compared ith the semi lity and ago of 'second childhood into which our respected contemporary; hits entered, and at present appears likely to continue,! .until the final collapse. He says. !' the metropolitan town' in (ippalaind; was notiiamed after the re owned.Generl.Sal" e. To his asse tion we can oppose the united testie mnony ;of residebts of Sal fromin 1849, and also the wirords of "Salem" in lhursday's Mercury hich we do not require to quote it"t present,' but can refer all to" Salem's" letter for iiifor nmation. The evidence produced there is undeniable, arid relieves us ,of the necessity of looking up and producing the fac simile. We think no' person possessed of comrimon sense can; iarve any doubtas to the relative poaitions of ourselves and the GippstandiTimes inre ganrd to tls sencfatlre of Sale i, iand we hope and truist .that our contemporary will gracefully acquiesce in the evidence brought forward' ' If niecessary, we can give our contemporary all information regarding the first survey and sale of town allotments; adoption of name, aind In fact, anything else connooted willth thenow aietropolis of North Gippisland. "The facts are so "well known by many residents' that' we do :not consider.it necessary to write at nioire lengthenot tlhe subject.; We would :close 'our re narks with this quretioni- Cannt our \- precise contemporary renew his youth 1" We perceive that a ' suggentins book"' has been placed on ,the itable of thie MIechanics' Institute, and is being gr dually, filled up.' On a perusal of the works ordered ini 188 3, we were sadly disappointed .at the ttaste dsiphayod b;y some love-lorn damsels or adventurous swains, as .nearly the whole book .wras filled with trashy fiction, whiohi they thei selves must have gone through years ago. We hope to' 'see an improvement on, this soore, but of course the comimittoee can' use tbeir discretion as to the works they will recommend for purchase. We con Ssider there should lhave been a .ecolumn specially ruled off for the names of those suggesting. The annual general meeting; of the Maffra Coursing Club ,was hold at the Motropolitan Hotel, on liFriday last, when,' owing to lie paucity of the attidance of members, the meeting was adjoured till the 29th instant;' Such a state of affairs shows a lanik'of interest iin the welfare of the ''club,' and is of itself a!sliiieint to strengthen the now general .idea that the Mafifra Coursing Club is in articulis mortis, and that it would, it kindly asked, merge itself inits older rival. We would there fore urge on the members of thel Maffra Coursing Olub the absolute neoesslty of Srolling up at the adjoursed meetnlg if it wants to hold that position which its inau gural year foreshadowed. We hops that the coursing club will not follow thu so'ad shich so manyb(affrasportahave followed and yiold'ui tho' ghost, like the MliaIfra Ipacing Club, without a astruggle to save itself.-'If' the coursing .club. wishes to talsoit stand as the premier;', thougli not the' older,' coursing ealib, overy niombor must work togotlier asi ens man, and sot on the well-known axiom that "unmion is streingth.!' in whioh case its succoas can not bhe' doubted. \- The following is4 portion of 5 eircula-i lasued by feassra. Groig and Mfurray with 'regard to a request made to them to make a trial shipment of hops to Londoi : "The early growth of Australian Hops favour their being placed . on the London Market at a most advantageous time for the Marchl browing, and long before En. glish or Oontinental, hope can. arrive in London; consequently, at a private meet lig of Gippsland growors lately held, it was onggosted . that a trial shipment be made this senson to that port. The sug gestion has since rocoivedgincreasedfavour, and we have boon requested to ask the co-operation of thoseo interested in'farther ance of the object anrd to undertakeo tlihe despatch of shipments. We are thorofore. prepared to :roceive consignments for` transit to London, and will pay overy at tention necessary; also will miako liberal advances on slhipmenta if reoquired. The hleps will bo sent to a leadineg irm ini Lon. don who is largely engaged in the: hop trade, and who lhave boen heavy shippers to Australia. Tlie followving requirements aroe nocesary in case ;c shipping-Bales to be about 200lbs.' eaclh, lightly pressed, packelid iu double wool-packs, and:inot painted; must bn legibly iniarked and 'numbered. The, hops eought teo be care felly pieked end oured- nob ever kiln dried or "too green, or over-sulphured. Tough ' samnples, with plenty of condition, receive most favour in London; whereoas burnt or over- dried hope are not nared foi, and must of course realise badly. Stow. age on board of ship requireuneech atton tion to save injury ei the :voyagoe Tas manian growers live arranged tobelip 1000 bales ;why should not Victoria seek ar wider field for leer surplus production.: Growerse willing to send a trial shipment, or wisling any further informiation will' please comnsunicate with us as quickly a possible." The Melbourine newspapers of the 0th and 13th iiots" ctotain particiolars of a Local Option Prieo Essay Competition in connection with thie Victorinii Allihnce. Mr. Philip Rusself, M L.C., has giventhe seei of L25 to tho Comniitteo of tihe Alli ance, for the purpose of the competition, and the gift han been supplemeiatcd by an equal sum from an unlekuiaiie 'cntrihbutr. Prizes for the three best Essays upon 'tih subject dre offered as follow :-yrat prize, L25 -seeoind, L1; and third,' LIOi The cempetition is open to aill' Ilelbiliune University Students, and to all residoitis of Victoria born, in the colony. Essyli niastnot excued 1000 words and tmust be sent (under a nonade plume) to Mr. John Vale, Tomperance Hall, Mellbourne;, as or before the 10th of next May, A committee meetieg oef thie MaIffra Cricket club was held at Bnnnistur's hotel on Monday aighlt, when :thu. following: were selected to play in thes Cup matchl with-Heyfuld wlicl tluces peece at.Hey. tield on Saturday next ;-Allan,. Cromib,. Davis, Harris Henderson, McLean (2) W. Mitchleliore, Maxwell, Rice, Shep herduon. Emnergeincies,-Smallman, Bear told. A letter was received fnio Bringoe long inviting the second. elevue to playjr a match there on Saturday, but as it would be diffcult to goet team to travel en that day it was decided to decline the.invita tion. Mr H. Ryan was elected a mem bar of the Club on thu'nmotiion of 'Mr Walle. It iwrodecided to mnineico thb Cupmatch with Heyfield at 1 p.m., sharp, and thove selected are requested tobe olon the gound at that hour. A large: fire seemed to be raging last night in the direction of Stratford, but no information haa as yet come to hand.. 