On~n CAsLs,.?'slws. -The principal items pf, news bycable to day are relating to th6 sudden ,deatlh of rr..II ., the Dukd:iof Albany, full particu!ars of the :melanclholy oveu.tbeing:.to lumd. Fronm, Cairo. tho intelligence comesythat Generall Graham's troops have returned to Suakim, randltare embarking for Cairo and ,England.: Many ,Arabchieofs are giving in theh allegiance to the British general It is also stated that the dissensions of the Imperial Cabinet on the Egitiahi- policy are beingr'remdved away.- .Thereis a furlther faUll in the-price of tin. - iEco?Srisn MAIL.-The R.Ef.S. Valbetta, with' the English mails to 22nd olinroyb left Glenelg at 4 30 a.m.d on Saturd~ifiisl for Melbourne, at:which port-sho slihaild have arrived atmidhight yesterdaty .The 'Tasmanian :portion of the mails will be brought onl by:l ths .s. 'Fliders' whibhi hdould-lonea Melbourneo early this 'mboin lng, and: arrive !hereo early to- morr6ow foronoon. AN UNFEELING FATHER'.-A labo uring man named Albeit Edward rd ied hwas sum-n inonediet the Polico Court on Saturday for having failed to contribute towardsthol support of ,his tlhreeo children-two-little girls and'it bdjy The children lhvd.kbben taken ,caro of by a MIrs. s Hughss,: a9ery respectable wvoman, who has done lhr best for the childrd?i; and for Whom they have evidentlji' geat affection. Mrs..Hughes toek thel oildrenat ths begiiniing of the year, thpir mother having died in the previous Septeminl Ber lEid ias gedenally bhen balokcwyard iff liis piaylioents, and s?iieems itht ljest i very iridifferent father." Hi is atpresent £4 10s in arrears,,and :lie ,statdd 'to the Beonch his reasion for not 'ohiying the oidor of tho ,Cotii? wdas fliAt ho vas at?work oh a job and 'ould '.iit gai his' ohej 'initil it was 'nisihed, .'Thi Plice Magisratet said, that .hie' cobnsidetd hiwi$iworthless follow,; andh li'iel?OU . iaro toe iilrteist ddnfidence in hisis pr ouises., . i Ifgit?gls stAted that the ,defendanit.:lad uicid.tlihe oldest~ girl about sl?amefrilly airhd that'oi ond ,occasion ?o' men.int or frtled to 1reoteit hiti bhatino: tlro hittldlkj iiitli'e street: . BiiAd wris illq?od by 'tho 'maistratoes until to.-drtb t find thei money An application will ?pibbably, b? :made for admission of tle tiWo girls inito the Launn ceston Industrial School. oAd?a T NecironAs Con.-We understand thlrat a trial. of coal from Mount Nicholas; in the Finigal distiict, was recently made, at the instance of Captain Audloy Coote, on.tlhe , iver ,steamers Empress of India rmd Eclipse. The coal got up and Irold steam well, but* 'the consumption was far greatr than of Newcastle, and tIhe amount of ash considerable. TA ?- . owmnO Cann.--The sixth con test foie the Telegraph trophy took place on Saturday afternoon; over the usual course. The' following competitors came to the line :-Gowl and Atkinson, scratch; J. Bain and Coogan, 85 see.; and-A. lf'Donald, .1min. 20see. Gurr, the: sikth candidate, did not put in an appearance. M'Donald, who made a bad start, was followed by Coogan and Bain, the latter soon going to tlhe front,while the two seratch men brought. up theiirear. qboghn shortly after the stprt gaveup, owing tohe io -roughness Of the water. The budy was turned in the following orld-1ef?:.--Biain, I Atkinion, .MLDonald, -and-Gow.--From..-here-- to :tib -fiiihl&E7Ttbd;7`L k~Fij db·;iWi hub was11 nieyer psshlie?d;cilo 6n~ :oselsh d.-liked. This.maknes..tho second-time that.he has, won the trophysthis Bssibo~ i zindif lidis successfultiltho'netifstoeli3on, the trophy ibecomes b hielabsolutel -propert~y.? I isstr. Peart:.andy,!Plummer (3)f retitrndd by tled train yesterday morning from the capital,. having co.mpestedfi.\thbiCChampion Gig, Race at the Bellerive regatta, where they iobtained gBCond -'honootrs; QThey; speak1 highly of the hospitable manner they were treatedgbyrthe members ;ofgthieBellerivo Rowing Club.-:- Their-boat, -whioh- was slightly damaged owming.tboi foil withtlihoe Hobart crew, was also brought up. .The race was· only rlost:by.:leigh,/. and as the Tamarbbat was Inearly half fullo£wfater, ;had thioe foulf not-ocehrred-: thes result .would prdbably have been different.?: . . S a;cdari?Ts, a RIFLE 'REtomI NT.-Forty-. three ,members of the LauncestonYolun 'teer Rifle Regiment inusterdd on Saturday afternoon .for, a hcalf-day.parade, the 'only~ officer preseit'bein~ l ett. and Adjutant Fairthqrne, ,Majdr %ikenhead, the comr-. manding officer, benq' absenti on leave. .The toirps~ .was: erpcissdd ini.ianual and irinig'J '-execises,Y nmusk~try .insti?etion, aiming, and positioh 'drill, concluding with comiipany'lrill ??d bydoniet exercise. -Mjor Buohan, of.the: Victoriaii Defence Forces was presentat the parade. Saturdays seems to bevery inconvenient days on which to hold half-day parades, as most of the men aid '"iiga ed, though that shduld hiardly hiplyjtO officers. At any rate it seems that the early morning pdrades are more con vdeiient'foit all miembers of the regiment: IThe gy'inasidm will be op~eied oz·i Friday Cveeing next, and it would b ?welltif. all those whoipossibly can'join should idoso, asthe stubsoriijtion is merely nominal,'and the;beribfithto be derived froni: the exer ises ardinvalukblo. The alterations to thes stock butts at thlirifle range: on :theEas ternw-Swamp are now completed,. and ihobtiig had been ro'ecommencid:.-,Tlihe 'iittt'hav beenh iiidireaosdd '15ft: i lilight, iiiikifigtheind40ft: highl, 'and :i the' froe tage is 'bdiit·100ft thoere ought:to be no danger to those living at ;the back.-At present, however, only iiarksmeo anid first-class shots will be. allowed to shoot but probably" after the butts have beon inspected other " arrangements will lie made, vheotebj second anid third claes shots,will also be able to shookt QOADrILLE AeBssEiLY '- Thor` Royfal Antediluvian Order of Buffaloes call a midititng tiis evening for:thlie prpose f. arranging'fdr' a'rivat qiuadrille assemblj. During thb i?vftor 'inonths this social' organisationwillhold quadrille assemblie and as such gatherings have:hithertd eh conducted in a creditable manner, doubt less theyill ? hi- en as much- favboi-as heretdfore' Iei is to bB'hotei ';that all thdi?'~i favbuii~ 'th :'social rbisiiions' will be in attondaice, ;sothah t the successmay hI. coniplk~te.' ' ;,j - ATuTBALIAN JOUnRIAL.-:-'he- numtr Ot thi'ji" nP for 'the. curreiiintmonth is to 'hand p;"fifvourof theb' loal gents, Messrs. WalCl6"'Bros'.' diidBi6ihallU :As ushal it contaizis a', lar8e ' ahmount of genrially iinteresting iaatter; and the"continuatiji of 'to: very interesting' serials. It is ' very. :1O?,ki the: pricb boin' ailpenc," arid 'the' d'reihrfle anner-in which 'Wiis'brought out orfl'cts' crddit'o'n- the' .printeis, '1Messs. -A. H/lMasshia'a 'd' C;o Melboirne.- ' 'Bi E'BiBOoN MoVEMENT.-The second meeting of the Evandalo Blue Ribbon Unioni'will talie plac'e this. evening, in the Presbyterian-. Church, 'at '730, wlien the: foll6oiig adntleiie?? will address 'ti meeot uing :-eys.E. C. Tesnnant and W.: White, lessrer' E.D-Arqher andl'- J. I.; Smiith., The anniveoar :of the Biand of Hope will; lib'el"o51dn6;pil -9. .. " '. i, BANK HOtiDAYS.-The Governor has ap pIinted the following days to be observed as4baihk''holidays :-Thusday; April 3T at the Leven, for the Devon Agricultural Society's Sh"w-andw Wednesday, April 9, at? the Leven and Emn Bay, the day on which 'the Ponguiilshlow willtbe held; j EECKLass Dii VrG.-Oi Saturday after-, noon, two men' were driving along thoe Elphin-road, in a dray drawn by t#o horses ,-tanded?m fashion, hiaing no reins attfached to theim.' -Special Constable- Dix hihppel)ed to be'dn the 'Elphin-road at the time, and called -but to Lthi' men to' stop. Instead of doing this, however, the horses werevwhipped into' a canter, but; unfor tunately for the men, one of their hats fell off, and 'theywere obliged to stop. Coin-' stable Dix had great'difficulty ingetting lthe diiver's name, and the name he gave is sup posed:to be assumed: The man- will pro bably'be summoned, and very properly,ds the habit of driving 'without reins is: mbt daigcrous., Later 'on' the' sanme afternooi, another- dray 'vas: seen: going 'alng 'the same: road,: the -driver also having" no reinis. ' SALE OF sOP.i'- Wn- . ~1 'Bn Ulepor;b hiaving s61d.'!at is. mart on Monday the property at Exton; belonging to the eotate 'oftiO i;te'Mr. T W. Field, as' follows': Lot 1, 211 acres,.at £14por acre; lot2, 213 acres, at'-11Jiper io e ; lot 3, G8& acred, .4t 11.por acre,; lot 4, 155. acres, at .£10 10s per acre. PITroGRAPHS OF MINNGO SCENERY. 'Thbro have bdni oriiview fori'th last'day'or two~ at Messrs. -Farrelly and Stewart's establishment, in Brisbane-strcetf 'acolled tioi 'of plito tuphsh takleii''by' Messra. Maurice and Robinson, who stairtdd~doi photographic tour 'aboit four months "since: ' Thl plfhtographidoepict sevoraiflof the principal tin, mines- of the nortlh eastern districtt,'-nd ar? ertainly a credit to the artists. The work is fine and clear, ind ?how?s that great pains 'hliavbeen 'taketi 't'produco faitliful'.iows. . CRIMINAL ASSAULT. - At the Westbury Police Court on Friday, before D. Burke, Esq.- Warden, and E. Fowell Esq. J's.P; Emanuel Vera, a coloured Portuguese, was charged by the Superintendent of Police with an attempt to commit a criminal assault upon a little girl, nine years of age, named Lydia Nevill, daughter of Mr. John Nevill of Glengarry, West Tamnr. After hearing the evidence of the girl, her mother, Dr. Allnutt, and the arresting constable; Vera was fully committed to take his trial. MR.. MATTHrr BosNEcT.-This ezei n'ent twrkelr' in "the 'auso of temperance arrived with Mrs. Burnittifromi Melboirnb by:the .s;.'Paton? on 'Saturday-afternoon' Fio was receiiedat the wharf by a deputa tion of the United Temperance Conference, consistingof Canon Brownrigg, the Rov.J.G. Millard, Messrs.C.K.Ellis,P.].DixJ.Bl3nk horn, E. T Tovolein, and others. Mir.aiid Mrs. Buruett left by the express -train, for tho'c~apital, ivhoro Mr. Burnettiwell open his crusade this evening at the Exhlibition Buildin. .. 1 . . : ,SDpDBN;:DEATH-An inquest' was.iheld ,on 28th instant by Dr. lMNeoce, Coroner, ,at the. house of, Mr. Benjamin Griffiths, High. Plains, near Doloraine; before a jury of seven, of which Mr. WilliamLAboy, was foreman, on, the :body of Edward Evans, who was found dead; in his bed, in a sitting posture, .n tho.previous day.,: After. hear, ing the evidence: of. J. T. Stubbs,i Edward ,Palmer, and Dr. Rock, the jury brought in aiverdict.of death from excessive drinkingi SMIDLAND, AoGRIcULTURir ASSOCIATION. \--W havoi received a copy of. the rules and',: roulations,. of the Midland. Agri oiituralai Asspoiation,:: .The pamphlet also contains theoscheduleo of prizes, for.ithe extj shlow/v (hich is to be holdat Campi beltl'lowntho first Wednesday id October) andother information.., The Association, :which has latolylost its patronhon;Jas. Maolanaqhan, .who hado been .connected Fwith. the iSociety since: its ,formation, is ,far .aid. away, the oldest institution of thd kindin .the colony, as it was .established ata meeting of landholders of the; districts ofCampbollU Town and Oatlands, held at the Ross.;Hiotel on.tho 19thl Sptember, 1838, when Mr. W.. Kermodo, grandfathdr of the present proprietor of Mona Vale, occupied the chair. The Committee this year ought to make an effort to have a large sale of Merino stud sheep, for which Tasmania is so justly celebrated through oiit Australasia. Sfonisnhino\AdItoENne A f ital' 'iciddiit' of K sin~g6lar? Oaiaioter occurred tlre iiiles from!ltafilum,: S6uth Australi;a, on 26th? in~t;~ 'little girl, aged about'thr? years? whil'ine ith' i -act' of opening a' doortwas' cacght?y,La'piel€e of twie, andt..he door: swin*in' outward, she 'wis ceariedoff he' feet, and when found was hanging dead from the door. THE LANDs OFrICE.-The Deputy-Com missioner of Crown Lands,Mr.C.P. Sprent, was-in attendanice at the .Publib Buildings od:Satirday;forenoob n but'very little busi ness was brought under his notice, the idec'dtit'iit tA' the north of the Minister of' Lands -having- disposed-of .-a?goodtmany -tiiis "-eelinig "tteiitibnT." MMi;-'Sprent returned to Hobart by the express train in .the afternoon .... ... ......-......... -T~ib BISHOP OF TxsNI;lA.--: corres pendent hites ?:On'iWedAiesday, the 206h inst.7 the township of Gladstone was jgrati fled with a visit frone Bishop San~o'di Archdeacon ales, and otho-e Rev;.Mr. ialampjitt.. Thd2BisOp rociei'v dn address from tho'.ressd'ents; "wili wivas dnro's'sd by j'MP. ,Mr old,, And ' p'?es'h'tdd .?yj r.. Pt Dickenson, 3.ji P I aesicital'srdply Bishopip .Sandford promised 'to 'endeavior to comipy with the praye. of th' 'a iresi, after which he ,preached an. eloquent sermon in tho Town eill to alarge and atteritis assemb lags? The.- party '.lef,foor'mK Mbrina at an early hour on Thardayj? mormng.: : Suraickic Cooicr.r-liTo ,Acting Chief Justice, M. WV,, Dtbo?bson .and ,'Irc. Georga Browne, Judges' Associatewil.arrive by express train todAyfrom Hoblart, for the sittings of the Supreme Court, Which.open" here tomorrbow, ,At theo criminal sittings, which commence oh Thursday,tlie Solicitor General,',?Mr.? R. Adams, wil- pibsecuto ion behalf'6I thiieC?rown. We understaid. that the upirema Court has .ppointed Mr. Geodrge Brdwnho ' Curator of .Indstate' Estates, ice Mr:. H: J. Buckland, abdeht on lIea~ie.' vos?ov.---Donnelly's Ad B C Pocket Guide?df HobharW anid Launceston for the 'currentmonth-'is' tohand'd.4.s. usual, the publication is.neatly brought outa? d?Rtn its handy form. - . . ST. JOS.PaS' 'BANn. This evening the S.t; T0iilih's ; Bind e'ivll give the6closiz conbert of tb11 prefent season at, .ths.In: valid-Depot Grounds,-when ,an - unusdaly' long and well 'sele~ted progrranim, already published byj.is;willbe prese?ited:. - i TiTi' WEATHE- Th6- ainfall recorded on Saturdaynight fdr the pivrious24i hours was 1:109 hs tis ,being the hieaviest fall maily mionths \- -LAiusieiroic, AsRTrLLnEi 1ConPsn - commAindiiig oficer's parado of the above corps will be held at the ,V olunteorBlild ings' at'8 thi's 'svenig, when pay1 will.be isucid'fr: attanc a t dayllght parades f or 188 ;.. .. .. . ... .. ' i i. Tnic's -BRcoiGTOi' SdcoTco" CA,-sc-The Argies btates that"Mr.,iin. Hawthorn;,iho 'was' sh6t at Brighton 'on 22nd ihitt, was in 'such' ' ' critical statb on' 'Thi'sdil night that.'Dr:'O'H aras'd'sdcided. to atiaputate at the shoidbdr-joint?; DiC CDoai'' of Pihhran, assisted, and the operation was a coapleto success. Th'dharg" 'of'slhdot; which hbud lodged'-inlthe; shoullder, was removed with the joint, and a 'marble was also found in the wound., Hawthorn is yvery.weak froin the lshok, b?tbt has.till got: a chance of ;ecovery.:. Our telegrams ptate the sufferer died on Saturday. A ErXTvAORDINA?nrY CASE;-A!very ex' trhordinciry case was reported to the de teetive police ons,26thinst,jsays the Mel bourne Aje. Amongst the passengers liy the'steamer; Waihora; yhich!arrivod late on Tiiesday night from New Zealand, were a Mr. ;Marmaduke Clarke and his wife. Os' the st'~auier arriving apt the wharf it was found.that Mrs. Clsbgkoe, was;extremely ill, and Mr. C'la?kle, seeing that it was im possible toprocure lodgings 'owing,?to ,tlie late"hour at w-hich the? steamer arrived; went on-shore-to find a --doctor.- Prior to doing'I:this, ;li'oseere he' call'ds- the stewardess of the boat and having :ex plained' to her; the '-seriousness of ?rs. Clarke's condition, told her that a large .quiantity of valuables in'?iMrs. ':Cla?es' scabin' als6 'rdquired Idoking after?::"Mr. Clairkoewelit on shore; an?d after ian abseide of:,some .time retiurned to "find that' his wife was dead, that she had been striipied of her jewelry, and that a sum of £190 ib gold-'of':wIich~ishe wa' possesBoi6d,"*: was 'missing. ?He iat obic?ce mad6': inqiribean'd. Tafter some time the ste~iardiss handed to him twb gold rrings ianid~ r i: ?mpty'-ipifrse, stating' that'i thbie hol ?of 'Mrs. Clarke's wearing: apparel lhad beeni thirown over board, although for ?wha~it reaisbliwa~vd ndt 'stated:?:il'The: golfd;, hoe+r; Wis "mnissig, and Mr:.b COlarkei'feeling titatth'e' ea's' Was onewhich requirdaidinuiry, i~pdrte'd the ,matter t' the detectives.' ~ !-''" ...' "IAt NEw? STE woccENOINE.-ACCOrdinw! to the Melbourne papers, MrR. P. Park,:of ~that city, has,patented a new:steam-eni gino which iin 'man',esPeitial jbints is 'far s:uperior to those~ , inV'gu.e'atpresent:"iThb angle ,is so siml ld'in,.onstriutioii that it can le mannlfacto d it obie-fo'ith't li cost of the engines at .present in use, 'it dosipies only one-third the space, 'and it can be run from 10 to 2000 re~vblutioiis pjer miihute With perfect safety. An idea maybbe fdrdid odf the extreme simplicity of the engine when. itis 'hbted that' it' had ?only vfir wmrking parts,.all_ of which_ are strong andacon struqte, on sound engineering:.principles. It, dispenses with the piston rod, 'cross head-and-brasses, connecting. rod and brasssi:guides ,and! slippers; !~Prankseand brasses, eccentric and strap slide valve And rptod, and tie complicated and..expensive governir With' is it"cessary' fittidgs ? It consumes 50 per cent. less coal, poweorfoir power; tha" the horizontalaengines,- ind 'for marinne purposes it possesses gthe firther advantages of being '50 tr aent. lightei. It does iot reuire, coimpouiiding, being 'abld' 't wdrk the stham ',td nde'grced of expansion in the cylinder uithoit cauising the cylinder to alter its shape by unequal tiinperature. It is claimed that the en' gine o-possesses -spocial advantages to' re commend itsiadoption as thl-obotive pbwer for locomotives. It isralsosuited toethe purposes of-electric lighting, on account-of itecapability to rui up-tb 2000' 'evblutions' per minute, and being devoid df 'vibration -iftw'os ssbetitialsotisiderations in. the.gon oeatioi' if blectricityj.for lightihg purposes. One of the chief points ''bout the iriven tio'nis itiadaptAhbility to various krinds of ihmotive power. .'. : i TRE SOUTHer SEA HnuRiANEc--A des tructive hutricane bcuri;ed'ant Tonriga The schooner Golden Isle, says the N. Z. .f'ieald, wliichl arrived in Auckland from Tonga, briuig'zibiws'of' i soeere?i?irricuaiit which swept ovoeithe island 'oii th6' 7?th of.-?eb ruary, lasting to the 10th. The storm, which wa' of' daroti~ry 'hittiuie, bommenced at S.E., and ending in the westward, did ? 'co?isidesablo': damage -to the houses'! aud.,plantations , on,, shore. 'A numberrof .the .former i were .considerably' destroyed; whilst trees were up rooted iand bldin 'down ;'fortsi'iately,' no lives were lost. When the first indication's of the hurniddi -weord If'lt,- ev'ery preparae tion was made to meet the full force of the storm, so that the extent of damage was not'so' great as might otlierwiod ha·veo been the case. The barometer was down to. 20'18.' Tlie: Golden 'Islo fell !in:iith the hurricane when about 20 miles off the islitd,'. diuiriig which the :staib'obidl'bul warks were carried avay, and other damage was dibe. , Houeswn rrdcv AN EDITOR.-At the Manitfld' Plico ICourt on 14tli iiidt., says the Ago, Mr. William Forsytlh, editor of the Delatit:d'Frco Press, was chargediwith pub licly horswhippiuig Mr. A. J. Curtis, editoi, of th!e M6ansecld.Gu~ardia. ;Citis swore to the whip that-ho had beeoon costigatod with.- Mr. Usher', ainother witness;testifled to seeing Mr. Curtis severely horsewhipped! Sergeant J.Tames said he thlioiigliththat it was some one flogging a horse. The defon dnaht pl'hdijed rovooatibn, and M'ated that Curtis haid been in the habit of regularly writing 'blmnns der6gatory,,to, theFree Press and its editor. 'He prdtluced th6 GQuarulian, with aparagraph alluding to his wetrlief tisap6 fd? rhis! dece6ied Aitfe Forsyth statedthaut this eas' the paragraplh for which Curtise;receivedt the horsewhip ping: The bench saidit '.wah hot creditable to·. eitlhor; party to. appear r'befor, .thd Codirt,' espeooially ?Mr. Curntis; :who ;hall written 'i parag'raph'vhith could'be proved to be uttorly untruo.: They fined Forsythi ls and 18s' 6d costs. .The public'subscribed the amount of the fine. ,: TowN, PaR.-On. Thuirsday. evening next ari eitertainmbnt willbe 'given at'the Town Parke, in aid of theo'late Mr. Thos. Porter. The City Band,: of which the deceased was a member, will give a pro menade concert in the Park, imd Scott and Brown's Quadrille Band" supply the niusie for a soiree dansaste in the Pavilion. i ! E~appyoacrzTe ·fox:i~s.T~hefahytokChrc Gbriiiiammar Schboleresuiies\ toinoirow,and also the Laiunde~ton '$igh Shdoolnew ;pupils for the 1ktei being requeeeto td at tend at the seliol-room,Fredrick se,\at. 9:3) a.m. to- dy, foi c1hasificatiou.. The Ladies' Graminar Schoolf, VictoriaIParado, Mrs. F. Richards's Ladies' School, Charles-, street, MIiss Heogg's Ladies' School, the Carrick Ladies' .College, MIrs. Maxey's music and singing classes, and Miss Tomes's drawing and painting classes, Madamo MIaurice's French classes, and Miss N. Wad ham'smusio classes, all open the new quar ter to-morrow. .:--Alr-Younib -k8E.- We uo-iderstan thati the usual crusade against those burgesses who will not pay their municipal rates till 0ionimplled'to has commoned.d; an'df: tliattlie first batch for the, current half-year of some sitty summonses is in course of .prepaa t.on. . , . . . ' , 'TH SALvATION ARMn:, :has. ,r(aysjthe "Sydney - -Mail)- opened --a "barracks" at ,?Nivtown; 'in:" the 'name' ofT the \Father; Sbf,' 'andil ?ly 'Ghost, aind of Gheral William Booth." .-If therel iass`ich ;? thing as blasphemy, this loolis unconmmnly like it.- This:"0army"may; be attomptiiig todo good, work, known to its members. For any success im the reformation of-bad-men, all-right minded persons'will-be-thainliful, 'bt the doings of the -"army" 'nimst be heavily discounted'by such' proceedings as' theie. Enough and to spire of' lapsed- mei and women, and of boys and girls too, -are to bamet with. Whosoever can lay kindly. haids upoi them and lift-them out of the mire should be cheered. 'But what is the ;difference.between tambourines. and their accompaniments of animal excitetment and gesturein a taproom and .the same :thing in a; -"barrack"-room? . The. absurdest and worst things,may be done in the name of religion, but are they religious any the more for that?. Itis possible to show that all,churches encumber themselves with 'a great deal of trapping it ritual and belief that could be laid aside with advantage. Rut as a rule it is always decorous -ur-' plusage. The '"army" adds surplusage that is' not' decorous and :that will diitress senisible people willing to .be its fidends. Upon the sympathy of 'such friends, much, more, than .upon a' chan6e crowd gathered by eccentric and profanie antics; the permanency and usefulness 6b thise new reformers will rbst. To sath1it the work accomplished by them was that which none of the sects had'even attempted, wasýtrue in-one' sense-ay bad -one--and. false in another. . To say that th Christian churches of the land have nbt attempte'd:to reach all classes, that they have never succeeded, and that the Salvi-: tion Army has;succeeded, isto make-a re markable statement.. Late reports say: that the fame and-success of the i army"' are declining, in England.:, Those in thb colonies should take- warning. ScINGnILAnr'L' iB ' A'CTN.-The London correspolident''?iofthoe 'irgus; gives: tieo follwing' particularsi'of a singular proseco tion for libel:- "?Th' senior ýeinemlbr'f r Northamlitobi Iis ' beiA' fortuniate in securing'flomi'the Queen's Bench Divisidn his dischargo.froni a criminal prosecution for a libel published in Tritli, of which Mi. Labouchereis p.rorietor aiid editor.' THe 'i-rticlo 'coinplaiied' of by'thoeDAkoe 6f Vallambrosa, resident, at .Cannes 'allbedd that the Dike's 'father had'.beenan army, coiltracto,' iiid itrro6wly escatped hanging. on the charge of supplying as ~ .iiit to' a eFiencia: rmy'coips'the flesh of soldiers who had died-in hospital or who had been killed in action,.bit that,jluckily for him, the firsa empire came ,to an end before the trial canec on. The contractor., thereupon ,retired to Italy, pirchised a dukedom, ,aid became 'r grand seigneur and an ardent adherent o6 the Bourbons. The Duke contended thdt this *wits a false and imalicious itatenibent, libellous' on the 'memory- of his fatlier, and calculated to bring: himself "and his family into public hatred, ridicule, an;d contempt.- Among the objections urged to a criminal information were the facts -that the applicantiesided abroad, and that thb: person-libelled was dead ; and the Court,' while. deciningB to; recognisie' 6itherioln jection as necessarily, fatal,' declared-both to beovery cogent 'arguments against thle, interferenceof the Court., On the general' ucuestioni; the .judges laid down 'thel rule that in the case of private persons criniinal 'infirinatin6ns 'should" I6nly bo granted where the libels were of such. magnitude or pernicious example as to' deserve the most public animadversion." DiIATH'OP WELL-KNOWN/YORKBBHIe?ME -Colonel Fairfax of Newton Kyme, who (says The' World:: of- Febaruary:13); died en Friday,was a typical Yorkshireman and anardentsportsman:f rFor-'six seasons hb was Master andHuntsman of the York and' Ainsty Hounds, and-his was! long central figure in the hunting coterie which met to talk' sport ati the: York IClub. .'It is just ive years since Colonel Fairfax resigned the Mastership,m when he was presented with a portraitgroup lof the members of the Hunt.. His'[death;,!atjithe early age of forty-five, has been received with n' eigned regret by all who had-,ever met lim. I, Another : notable . Yorkshiremai, who died on; the 'same, day as Colonel Fairfax, was Mr. William Foster, of Hrnby:' Castle.'; He wasi tbeoprinci pal of'the firm of tJohn Foster and Son, worsted manufacturers ofiQueensbury mnd a man of great iwealth and influonce both in Lancashire and Yorkshire. I* 