INCUS!. (The Standard.) AnciENT writers on the subject of witch- craft wax eloquent in description of the incubus, success, and other satellites of a witch. Modern science has destroyed belief in these " night fears," as Lamb designated them ; but the incubus, the imp that oppressed its victim with its unseen but over-felt weight, existed, and still exists, in various forms. Public and domestic life are full of examples of incubus. Louis XIII. found one in his great Minister, Richelieu, and the history of his reign is one record of his ineffectual struggles to shake off the oppression. The monarch's undignified conspiracy with Cinq Mars was a final attempt to be free and the exclamation, " At last I am King," with which he is said to have received the news of Richelieu's death, shows the feeling with which Louis regarded the Cardinal. Louis XIV. had also an incubus, but his appeared in a shape familiar to many private individuals as well as to monarchs namely, or discredit- able relative. Even the cynical St. Simeon appears to pity the King for the anxieties he endured on account of the evil deeds of his brother Monsieur. When the unfortunate Henrietta of England perished so mysteriously by poison the King dared not inquire too closely into the causes of her death, so convinced was he that his brother was the murderer and St. Simeon has recorded the relief experienced by the Grand Monarque when the persons who had administered the fatal draught confessed their crime, and exonerated Monsieur from actual participation in it, although they started they only refrained' from taking him into their counsels " because he would be sure to betray them at the first opportunity truth- ful if unflattering estimate of the Prince's character. It would be easy to cite a long list of sufferers from inches of this description, perhaps the most common form of the evil. There are few families without one " black sheep ;" he is a veritable incubus on the respectable and prosperous members as old man of the seas," never to be shaken off, and causing an amount of suffering only to be understood by the victims themselves. The favourite incubus of the novel-writer -a fatal secret of which some unscrupulous person has gotten possession, and which he wields over the head of the person impli- cated-is probably more common in fiction than in fact. As a rule, society is not composed of persons with former husbands or wives kept in the background-of individuals who have committed murders without detection, or who spent years in prison while supposed to be travelling in Africa. Yet, if such cases do occur, we can understand what an incubus the sharer of a guilty or disgraceful secret must become. Parvenus who desire to forget their former station do not lose those associates of their early days who will so inconveniently remember their old condition. " Frank, Frank, how long is it since thou wert married to thy vintner ?" was the disagreeable exclamation with which the seventeenth century Earl of Hertford used to " damp the wings of the spirit of his proud countess, who had been the widow of a city vintner before she married him. Old family friends who persist in recalling the acts and speeches (generally very foolish ones of our juvenile years, and re- peating these stories in general society, may be ranked among this class of incubus. Servants and employes of all kinds frequently become inches to indolent or good-natured masters, who would gladly get rid of them, but know not how to set about doing so. Sir Arthur Helps has remarked that from the Prime Minister downwards everyone is more or less under the control of those whom we facetiously term our inferiors;" and a tyrannical inferior is a veritable incubus De Joinville tells a story of the good St. Louis being one day greatly provoked by the negligence of a squire named Ponce. A good-natured courtier reminded the King, " He has served your Majesty's father and grandfather as well as yourself." " Nay," retorted the King, " it is we who have served him by suffering him to be near us so long with all the bad qualities which he possesses." Bean Ramsay's amus- ing book abounds with anecdotes of domestic inches of this description old servants who had become real masters in the household. Some time ago there was a paper in one of the magazines by a writer who described himself as " living under a zoomed," his pet animals having usurped the real head- ship of the family. Delightful companion as is a dog, there are certain circumstances in which he, of all pets, becomes an incubus; when, for example, he is desirous of air and exercise at unreasonable hours, giving his owner the alternative of gratifying the animal fit extreme personal inconvenience, or of being haunted by the recollection of the dog's wretched countenance as his master goes out without him when also, a bright moon, or a barrel organ, or some other thing provokes our pet to untimely bowling, in the backyard. Persons of a methodical turn of mind are peculiarly subject to the pressure of small incubus. A trifling piece of business left un- done, a call unpaid, a letter left unanswered, haunt some people like a persistent ghost. The petty businesses of everyday life, the hundred odd things we never seem to find time to do, but are always leaving over " till to-morrow," often become very worry- ing incubus. The incubus of debt is a universally acknowledged form of the imp. " He that sleeps too sound let him borrow the pillow of a debtor," says the Spanish proverb. As the include of old chiefly flaunted their victims in their sleep, so many modern forms of the evil select the quiet time of night for oppression. Disagreeable thoughts have a wonderful knack of ob- trusting themselves on the mind during the night hours. It is not everyone who can imitate the great statesman of the sixteenth century and cast off the day's cares with the robes of office. Many persons go through life oppressed with a secret incubus whose existence is only discovered by their executors-some juvenile folly, whose consequences pursue them throughout life ; some hidden trouble which they carry in silence to their graves. Sir Walter Scott tells a quaint story of a relative of his own, who only betrayed the existence of such an incubus in his joy at its unexpected removal. This young man, a cousin and namesake of the poet's, was a midship- man, and went ashore at Portsmouth with a couple of companions, while their ship lay in the docks. When the signal for sailing was given, the three young men found they had spent all their money, and run up a long bill at the tavern where they were staying. The landlady refused to let them depart without payment. To delay to join their ship was ruin ; there was no time to apply to their relatives in Scotland. At last the hostess, a terrible virago, offered them an alternative. She told them that it would be convenient for her to possess a marriage certificate, although she did not care to be encumbered with a husband in her house. If one of the party would marry her, they might depart after the ceremony, and she would cancel their bill-if not, they should go to gaol. There was no refusing the offered terms ; the young men drew lots, and young Walter Scott was the victim. The marriage took place accordingly, and the sailors rejoined their ship after parting from the bride at the church porch. The unfortunate bridegroom swore his friends to secrecy, and for nearly a year carried his in- cases in secret. But when at Jamaica a file of newspapers reached the ship. Walter Scott, looking over them carelessly, saw an account of a robbery and murder at Portsmouth. A too familiar name attracted his attention in his relief, he forgot his intention of secrecy, and springing from his berth startled his messmates with the ex- clamation, " Thank heaven, I see my wife is hanged !" All sufferers from incubus are not equally fortunate in the disposal of their burdens. 