THE. GOLDEN CALF. BY THE AUTHOR OF " LADY AtJDLET'S . SECRET," ETC. " ""^kpiEK L THE ARTICLED PDPIL. " Where is Miss Palliser ?" inquired Miss Pew, iu that awful voice of hers, at which the class-room trembled, as at unexpected thunder. A murmur rang along the desks, from girl to girl, and then someone, near that end of the long room which was sacred (o Miss Pew and her lieutenants, said that Miss Palliser was not in the classa. I think she is taking her music lesson, ma'am," faltered the girl who had ventured diffidently to impart this information to the schoolmistress. Think ?" exclaimed Miss Pew, in her stentorian voice. "How can you think about an absolute fact? There is no room for thought. Let Miss Palliser be sent for this moment." At this commend, as at the behest of the Homcric Jove himself, half a dozen Irises started up to carry tho ruler's message; but again Miss Pew's mighty tones resounded in the echoing class- room. I don't want twenty girls to carry one message. Let Miss Rylance go." There was a grim smile on the principal's coarsely-featuied countenance as she gave this order. Miss Kylance was not one of the six who had started up to do tho schoolmistress's bidding. She was a young lady who considered her mission iu life anything rather than to carry a message —a young lady who thought herself quite the most refined and elegant thing at Mauleverer Manor, and so entirely superior to her surroundings as to be absolved from the necessity of being obliging. But Miss Pew's voice, when fortified by anger, was too much even for Miss Rylance's calm sense of her merits, and she rose at the lady's bidding, laid down her ivory penholder on the neatly -written exercise, and walked out of the room quietly, with the alow and stately deportment imparted by a long course of instruction from Madame Rigolette. the fashionable dancing-mistress. " Rylance won't much like being sent on message," whispered Miss Cobh, the Kentish brewer's .daughter, to Miss Mullius, the Northampton carriage-builder's "And old Pew delighfs in taking hor down a peg," said Miss Cobb, who was short, plump, and ruddy, a picture of rude health and umefihed good looks—a girl who bore ' beer' written in unmistakable characters across her forehead, Miss Rylance had observed to her own particular circle. " I will say that for the old lady," added Miss Cobb, " she never cottons to stuckupishness." Vulgarity of speech is the peculiar delight of a' Bchoolgirl off duty. She spends so much of her life under the all-pervading eye of authority, she is so drilled, and lectured, and ruled, and regulated, that, when the eye of authority is off her, she seems naturally to degenerate into license. No speech so interwoven with slang as the speech of a schoolgirl—except that of a schoolboy. There came a sudden hush upon the class-room after Miss Rylance had departed upon her errand. It was a sultry afternoon in June, and the four rows of girls seated at the two long desks in the long bare room, with its four tall windows facing a hot blue slcy,,.'fSlt almost, as exhausted.by the heat as if thev-.bad been .placed under an air-pump.:. Miss Pew had .a horror of draughts, so the upper, sashes wero • only lowered a couple of inches, to let out the used atmosphere. There was no chance of a gentle west wind.blowing in to-ruffle the lop wbair.uppn .the foreheads of those weary students. Thursday afternoons wero devoted to the study of German,- sJHe sandy-haired young woman at the. end pf the room furthest from Miss Pew's -throne was Friiulein Wolfj from Frankfor.lJ and it Was Friiulein Wolfs mission iogo on eternally .explaining the difficulties pf Her nativ&language; to the pupils at Miuleverer; Manor, and to corrett those interesting cxercises of. OllendorfFe which ascend from tho primitive simplicity of golden candlesticks and bakers': dogs, to the loftiest themes in.ronrantic literature.' For five minutes there was no sound save the scratching of' pens, and the placid voice of the Frauleiii demonstrating to Miss Mullins that iu an exercise of twenty liues, ten words out of every twenty were wrong, and then the door was opened suddenly— not at all in the manner so carefully in- ; stilled by the;teacher of .deportment. It' was flung .back, ^rather, as if,with.an angry.i hand, Snd a joudgf&oinki.;'.Merlthan the'j generality of'her sex, v Walked' quickly up the room to MiSs'Pew's desk, and stood before.that bar of justice, with head erect, and dark Sashing eyes,- the incarnation of defiance. " tVasfiir cin Madcften" muttered the Friiulein, blinking at that distant figure, with her pale gray-green eyes. Miss Pew pretended not to see the challenge in the girl's angry eyes. She turned to hor subordinate, Miss Pillby, the useful drudge who did a little indifferent teaching in English grammar and geography, looked after the younger girls' wardrobes, and toadied the mistress of the house. " Miss Pillby, will you be kind enough to show Ida Palliser the state of her desk {" asked Miss Pew, with awe-inspiring politess. " She needn't do anything of the kind," said Ida coolly. " I know the state of my desk quite as well as she daresay it's untidy. I haven't had time to put thiDgs straight." " Untidy!" exclaimed Miss Pew, in hor appalling baritone; " untidy is not the word, It's degrading. Miss Pillby, be good enough to call over the various articles which you have found in Ida Palliser's desk.' Miss Pillby rose to do her employer's bidding. She was a dull piece of human machinery to which the idea of resistance to authority was impossible. There was no dirty wotk she would not have done meekly, willingly even, at Miss Pew's bidding. The girls never tired expatiating upon Miss Piliby's moanness; but the lady herself did not even know that she was jan. She had been bom so. She went to the locker, lifted the wooden lid, and proceeded in a flat, drawling voice to call over the items which she found in that receptacle. " A novel,' The Children of the Abbey,' without a cover." " Ah !" sighed Miss Pew. " One stocking with a rusty darningneedle sticking in it. Five apples, two mouldy. A square of hardbake. An old neck-ribbon. An odd cuff. Seven letters. A knife, with the blade broken. A bundle of pen-and-ink—well, I suppose they are meant for sketches." " Hand them over to me," commanded iss Pew. She had seen some of Ida Palliser's ponand-iuk sketches before to-day—had seen herself represented in every ridiculous guise and attitude by that young person's facile peu. Her laige cheeks reddened in anticipation of- her pupil's insolence; • 'She took the sheaf and crumpled paper and thrust it hastily into her pocket. A ripple of laughter swept over Miss Palliser's resolute face; but she said not a word. " Half a new Testament—tho margins shamefully scribbled oyer," pursued Miss Pillby, with implacable monotony. " Three Brazil nuts. A piece of slate pencil. The photograph of a little boy " " My brother," cried Ida hastily. " I hope you are not going to confiscate that, Miss Pew, as you have confiscated my sketches." " It would be no more than you deserve if I were to burn everything in your locker, Miss Palliser," said the schoolmistress. "Burn everything except my brother's >ortrait. I might never get another. Papa is so thoughtless. Oh, please, Miss Pillby, give me back the .photo." " Give her tho photograph," said Miss Pew, who was not at all inhuman, although she kept a school,' a hardening- process which is supposed to "deaden the instincts of womanhood. "And now, pray, Miss Palliser, what excuse have -you to offer for untidiness i" " None,' said Ida, " except that I have no time to be tidy.: - Yt;.u,can't expect tidiness from-a drudge like me." And with this cool retort Miss Palliser turned her back upon her mistress and left the room. Did you ever see such a cheek!" mur-. mured the irrepressible Miss' flobb to her Neighbour. " She can; afford to be cheeky," retorted her. neighbour: 11 She ,: ,Has nothing to lose. Old Pew couldn't'.gpssibly,: treat her any worse than she does.— If she did, it would be a police case/' When Ida Palliser was in the lobby outside the class-room, she took the little boys photograph from her pocket, anil kissed it passionately. Then she ran upstairs to a small room on the landing, wk>:nthere waa nothing but emptiness and a worn-cut old square piano, and sat .down for her±our'si^ractice. . 8he was always toldoff to the worst .j pianos in^he^house. 6be'took outa.bobt of five-finger exercises, j by a Leipsic professor, placed it on the desk, and then, just as she was beginning to play, her whole frame was shaken like.a bulrush in a sudden gust of wind j £ho letter head fall forward on the desk, and burst into tears, hot, passionate tears, that came like a flood, in spite of her determination not to cry. What was the matter with Ida Palliser? Not much, perhaps. Only poverty, and poverty's natural corollary, a lack of friends. She was the handsomest girl in the school, and one of the cleverest—clever in an exceptional way, which claimed admiration even from the coldest. She occupied the anomalous position of a pupil teacher, or an articled pupil. Her father, a military man, living abroad on his half pay, with a young second wife, and a five-year old son, had paid Miss Pew a lump sum of fifty -pounds, and for those fifty pounds Miss Pew had agreed to maintain and educate Ida Pallister during the space of three years to give her the benefit of instruction from the masters who attended the school, and to befit her for the brilliant and lucrative career of governess in a gentleman's family. As a set-off against these- advantages, Miss Pew had full liberty to exact what services Bhe pleased from Miss Palliser, stopping short, as Miss Green had suggested, of a police case. Miss Pew had not shown herself narrow in her ideas of the articled pupil's capacity. It was hor theory that no amount of intellectual labor, including some manual duties in the way of assisting in the lavatory on tub-nights, washing hair-brushes, and mendiug clothes, could be too much for a healthy young' woman of nineteen. She always talked of Ida as a young woman. The other pupils of the same age she 'called girls; but of Ida she spoke uncompromisingly as a "young woman." Ob, how I hate them all!" said Ida, in the midst of her sobs. " I hate everybody, myself most of all!" Then she pulled herself together with an effort, dried her tears hurriedly, and began her five-linger exercises, turn, turn, turn, with the little finger, all the other fingers pinned resolutely down upon the keys. " I wonder whether, if I had been ugly and stupid, they would have been a little more merciful to me she said to herself. Miss Palliser's ability had been a disadvantage to her at Mauleverer Manor. When Miss Pew discovered that the girl had a knack of teaching she enlarged her sphere of: tuition, and from taking the lowest class only, as former articled pupils had dpne. Miss Palliser. was allowed to preside isver the second' and third classes, and thereby saved her employers forty pounds a year. To .teach two classes, each consisting of from fifteen to twenty girls, was in itself no trifling ,labor. But besides this Ida had to give music lessons to that lowest class which she hud ceased to instruct in English and French, and .whose studies were now conducted by Miss, Pillby. She had her own studies, and she was eager to improve herself, for. that career, of governess in a gentleman's family was theonly future open to her. She used to read the advertisements in the " Governess" column of The Times supplement, and it comforted her to see that an. all-accomplished teacher demanded from £80 to £100 a year for her services. £100 a year was Ida's idea of illimitable wealth. How much she might do with each a sum! She could dress herself handsomely, she could save enough money for a summer holiday in Normandy with her neglectful father and her weak littlo vulgar step-mother, and-the halfbrother whom she loved better than anyone else in .the world, The thyught of this avenue to fortune gave her fortitude. „ She.braced jherself up, and set herself v'aloronsly 'to unriddle the perplexities of a>nocturne by Chopin. .After all I -hajpe only to work on steadily," she told, hersejf; "there will come an end to my, slavery." Presently the began' to laugh to-herself oftly: . , _" f; jyonjler, whether :oJd yPewj has looked at my caricatures,V J(she thought, " and whether she?Il treat , me any worse on account of them ?" She finished her hour's -practice, put her music iliack-into her-portfolio,: iwhich lived in an ancient canterbury Londer. the ancient piano, and went to the room where she slept, in company with seven.other spirits, as mischievous and altogether evilly disposed a-i li>-r own. Mauleverer Manor had not been built for a school, or it would hardly have been called a manor. There were none of those bleak, bare dormitories, specially planned for the accommodation of thirty sleepers— Bono , of, those barfack- like rooms which strike deBpliiticm to die BOOL With the exception ,of this large class-room which had been added at Grid : end of the house, the manor wis Tory much aa it had been in the" days of the Maulcverers, a raoe now as extinct as the Dodo. It was a roomy, rambling old house of the time of the Stjiarts, and bore the date of its erection in many unmistakable peculiarities. There were fine rooms on the ground floor, with handeome- cbimney-jiecesiand oak pannelling. There were small low rooms above, curiouVold passages, turns and twists, a short flight of ..steps. here, and another flight there, varioiiB levels; irregularities of all kinds, and, in the opinion of every servant who bad ever lived in the house, an unimpeachable ghost. All Miss Pew's young ladies believed firmly in that ghost; and there was a legend of a frizzy-haired girl from Barbadoes who had seen the ghost, and had incontinently gone out of one epileptic fit into another, until her father had come in a fly—presumably from Barbadoes —and carried her away for ever, epileptic to the last. Nobody at present located at Mauleverer Manor remembered that young lady from Barbadoes, nor had any of the existing pupils ever seen the ghost. But the general feith in him was unshaken. He was described as an elderly man in a snuffcolored, 6quare-cut coat, lmee-broechcs, and silk stockings rolled up over his knees. He was supposed to be one of the extinct Mauleverers; harmless and even benevolently disposed; given to plucking flowers in the garden At dusk; and to gliding along passages, and loitering on the stairs in a somewhat' inane manner. The bolderspirited among the girls would have given al tWcWeimonth'e pocket-money to see him. 'M3ss : PilIby declared that the sight of that 'snuff-.colored stranger would be her death. " I've a weak 'art, you know," said Miss •Pillbyt who was not mistress of her aspiratei;—she managed them sometimes, but they,often evaded her,—" the doctor said ,qq.wi)ep I .w,as quite a little thing." 'you ever a'.httle thing, Pillby ?"- asked Miss Bylance with,, a Bnperb dis- •daita, the present Pillby being long and •gaunt. • . '"' jtrid'tjie group of listeners laughed, with that frank laughter -of school girls keenly alive .to-the jiflipuloiis in othpr people. :ihere WM^as muph'v^fference .in tho •standing :of the . various bedrooms, at 'Mauleverer Manor as in that of the London squares, but in this case it waji the inhabitants who gave character to the locality. . Tije fivej^ded.roop . Off the 'front landing jwae occupiedby thestiffesiand best boliaved .gf.jhe fiBt;;diyision, and,might be .ranked .•with Grosverior Square or. Lancaster Gate. There were rooms on the second 'floor where girls of the second and third-diviison ." : lMed SdnneleganVoDBecnribjr,' the Bldoms- '.^pCT'^ii '"Oaipden,'.Town of., the,,mansion. under twelve—creatures utterly, despicable -•jh.-the-mmds'.oCgirls in tbeirftefensyatid the : toams they inhabited 'ranked as low as Bt, Giles'*). . """Jdk .Palliser was., fortunate enough to iave 'abed'iio the butterfly-room, so called , on ,accoftnt,pf; a,gaudy jrall PAP 6 '", whereon <3amb(tt(felli Beauties disported, themselves :among toSes and lilies in a etrictly cobven- -tidlial"style of art. "The butierfly-room the.most.fashionable.and altogether i££ dorjiiiiory at the.Manor.'; It was ^air^jdistrict not' without shade ^ejmianism, a .certain , fastnesss of tone. t.XbetwUdestJgiris iji the . school were to be found in'the ibnrterflyirobm. wK'was tt ! pl£a8iint'enough room in teven'apart from its' asssciation with plea- (fait' people. The fiow window lopjted out upon.^he^ardeii and across the garden to the-Ihainea, which At ,thip point took a wide . ofiurve between banks shaded by old pollard -willows.' The'landscape; was purely pastoral.'' Beyond the'level meadows came an .undulating line of : low hill and woodland, ^lUi'fisre. abd' tb'ere a village spire dark '.^aJnsOtjp blue.. , .' ,iSM»)ifeyere>i.Manor lay-midway between Hampton andthertsey, in a land-.of mea- • dows .and -gardens'' which the epeoulating b'oadirhiia'npt yet'invaded. O^b^utterfly-roomXrasfurnished a little ' ;lietter'lliaii^tlie' common;run of boa'fding- '.', 'JEss Pew'hW tiaken ',a,gpqd. fjeiaj if the. -Maulevisrer. furniture at , a valuation'iwhen «he bought the old house • and the'-llanleverer furniture being of i .rococo and Exploded style, the 'valuation Had Ti'een "ridiculously low. Thus it happened that a blg wnuiBoot' wardrobe, with doors substantial enough for a church, projected its enormous bulk upon one side of the butterfly-room, while a tall narrow cheval glass stood in front of a window. That cheval was the glory of the butierflyroom. The girls could see how their skirts hung, and if the backs of their dresses fitted. On Sunday mornings there used to be an incursion of outsiders, eager to test the effect of their Sabbath bonnets, and the sets of their jackets, by the cheral. And now Ida Pulliser came into the butterfly-room, yawning wearily, to brnsh herself a little before tea, knowing that Mies Pew and her younger sister, Dulcibella—who devoted herself to dress and the amenities of lifo generally—would scrutinize her with eyes only too ready to see anything amiss. The butterfly-room was not empty, Miss Bylance was plaiting her long flaxen hair in front of the toilet table, and another girl, a plump little sisteen- year-old, with nut-brown hair, and a fresh complexion, was advancing and retiring before the cbeval, studying the effect of a cherrycolored neck-ribbon with a gray gown. Cherry's a lovely culor in the abstract," said this damsel, " but it reminds one too dreadfully of barmaids." " Did you ever see a barmaid?" asked Miss Kylance, languidly, slowly winding the long flaxen plait into a shining knob at the back of her head, and contemplating her reflection placidly with largo calm hlno eyes which saw no fault in tho face they belonged to. "With features BO correctly modelled, and a complexion so delicately tinted, Miss Bylance ought to have been lovely. But she had escaped loveliness by a long way. There was something wanting, and that something was very big. " Good gracious, yos; I've seen dozens of barmaids," answered Bessie Wendover, with her frank voice. " Do you suppose I've never had been into an hotel, or even into a tavern 1 When I go for a long drive with papa he generally wants brandy and soda; and that's how I get taken into the bar and introduced to tho barmaid." "When you say introduced, of course you don't mean it," said Miss Rylance, fastening her brooch. " Calling things by their wrong.names is your idea of wit." " I would rather have a mistaken idea of wit than none at all," retorted Miss Wendover, and then she pirouetted on the tips of her toes, and surveyed her image in the glass groin head to foot, with an aggravated air. . "IhopeTm not vulgar-looking, but I'm rather afraid ! am,"she said. "What's the''gi»d' of v beldhging to an old Saxon family if one has a thick waist and largo at's.the;good of anything at Mauleverer Manor ?': asked Ida, coming into the room, and seating herself on the ground with adejected air. .. Bessie* Wendover ran across the room and sat down beside her, So you were in for it again, this afternoon, you poor dear thing," shemurmured, in a. cooing voice. " I wish -I had been there. It would have been 'Up, guards, and. at.|em ! " ifl had.., rm.sure.I should have said something cheeky N to old Pew. The idea of overhauling your locker! I should just like her to see the inside of mine. It would make her, blood run cold." Ah !"- sighed Ida, "she can't afford to make an example of you. You mean a hundred and fifty, pounds a year. I am of no more account in her eyes than an artist's lay figure, which is put away in a dark closet when it isn't in use. She wanted to give you girls a lesson in tidiness,' so she put me into her pillory. Fdrtnnately I'm •n^ecl'to the pillory." ''•But you are looking white and worried, you dear lovely thing," exclaimed Bessie, who was Ida Palliser's bosom friend. " It's too bad the way they use you. Have'tllisineck-ribbon," suddenly -untying the bow so carefully elaborated fiveminutes ago. " You must, you "shall; I don't want it; J bate it. Do, dear." And for consolation Miss Wendover tied tho cherry-coloured ribbon under her friend's collar, patted Ida's pale cheeks, and kissed and hugged her. " Be happy, darling, do," she said, in her loving half-drildiBh way, while Miss Rylance looted oii with ineffable contempt. "You Ate so : cleVet'andVo beautiful; you vreta born to be happy." "Do yon think so, pet?' asked Ida, with cold scorn; " then I ought to havo been born with a little more money." " What does money matter ?" '•' Not much to a girl like you, who has never known' the want of it." "That's not tine, darling. I never go home for the holidays that I don't hear father grumble about his poverty. The rents are so slow to come in ; tho tenants are always wanting drain-pipes and bams and things. Last Christmas his howls were awful. We are positive paupers. Mother haB to wait ages for a cheque." Ah, my pet, that's a very different kind of poverty from mine, You have never known what it is to have only three pairs of wearable stockings." Bessie looked aB if she were going to cry. ' If you were not so disgustingly proud, you horrid tiling, you need never feel the want of stocking?," she said discontentedly. " If it were not for what you call my disgusting pride, I should degenerate into that loathsome animal sponge," said Ida, rising suddenly from her dejected attitude, and standing up before her admiring little friend, " A daughter of gods, divinely tall And most divinely fair." The fatal do-rer of beauty had been given to Ida Palliser in fullest measure. She had the form of a goddess, a head proudly set upon shoulders that were sloping but not narrow, the walk of a Moorish girl, accustomed to carrying a water-jug on her head, eyes dark as night, hair of a deep warm brown rippling naturally across her broad forehead, a complexion of creamiest white and richest carnation. These were but the sensual parts of beauty which can be catalogued. But it was in the glorious light and variety of expression that Ida shone above all compeers. It was by the intellectual part of her beauty that she commanded tho admiration—enthusiastic in some cases, in others grudging and unwilling—of her schoolfellows, and reigned by right divine, despite her shabby gowns iind her cheap ready-made boots, tho belle of the school. {To be continucl.) 