C R O W N E D W I T H G O O D . \- B Y O L I C A N A . PART II.—DIEU DISPOSE. CHAPTER III. Bot as the days went on and merged into weeks, and Gertrude became strong enough to carry baby out herself into the sunshine, the cloud began to descend once more upon Lionel's spirit. He was not utterly abandoned. Suffering had taught him much—much that our excellent fathers of families would do welt to learn. lie was not void of all conscience. The life he had been leading for the last ten months and more was no longer possible for him. The nobler part of his nature—so long, and alas! so fatally dormant—now asserted itself, and on his knees, with bitter anguish of soul, he acknowledged his trans" gressions, and resolved that his life henceforward should be one long repentance. It was not without a terrible struggle that lie chose thus between good and evil; for he was fully persuaded that Gertrude, though she might forgive his sin as regarded herself, would steej her heart against the father of her innocent little one. But, notwithstanding that in his future course of action he foresaw no result but separation and loneliness, yet the very lirst step—his decision—brought with it a healing balm and a mysterious strength to nerve him for the coming fight with self. The greatest source of Buffering now to him was the thought of Gertrude's blighted life. He felt she would never allow him to make what reparation lay in his power. He knew his Gertrude very well. He would try what he could do; but if Gertrude refused to become his wife, he must humbly leave the result in the hands of that God whom he had so deeply offended. Six weeks had passed, and Gertrude was her old self once more, the brightness of the home, with an added sunshine gathered from the little life she cherished with such unconscious gladness. It was evening, and Lionel had returned from a long ride about his property. He and Gertrude were sitting, after their colonial tea, in the garden, watching the sunset glories of sea and sky. There was perfect stillness everywhere, not a late bird's note disturbed the complete hush of Nature, and the usual nightsounds of the bush had not yet begun. Lionel was thinking deeply. He had felt for some days past that the crisis was drawing near, and to-night he determined to speak. But he lingered yet a little while ere lie severed the slight link that bound their two lives together—ere lie cast away the happiness he could never know again. Long and deeply he thought, while the shadows darkened on the hill-side, and crept upwards from point to point, slowly but surely extinguishing the brightness— while the sky changed from gold to crimson and purple, and again softened into palest, most exquisite tints of rose and bluegrey, and the calm summer sea took on the hues of the dove's wing, breaking on the yellow shore into a line of white, and the sun sank lower and lower, and Lionel knew he must speak. " Gertrude," he said, and his tone was so infinitely tender that Gertrude looked up, smiling happily, and stretched out her hand with a little caressing gesture. "Gertrude, darling," said Lionel again, taking her hand in his with a reverent touch, " I have something to say to you. Let me say it now, holding your hand. I do not know how you will bear it, darling, what I have to say " "Lionel, how strangely you speak!" cried Gertrude. Then one look into his eyes, and her heart sank, as with the prevision of a dire calamity. She turned pale to the lips, yet her eyes lingered, fascinated, fixed on his. And thus they sat, while Lionel told her gently, "patiently, not seeking to excuse himself in one single particular, and not dwelling unduly upon any point —told her all the story, and Gertrude sat listening, a deadly sickness paralysing her. At length—it seemed hours—the sad truth was all revealed, and it only remained for Lionel to urge his last hope. "Gertrude," he said, a yearning unspeakable in his voice. " Gertrude, will you pity me ; will you take my name now that it is mine to give ? Will you, for your child's sake ?" Alas ! The stony look had given way as he began to plead with her. The infinite sympathy of her noble nature shone for a brief moment in Gertrude's eyes. But at the last words it died out utterly, in its stead came a passionate trleam of righteous anger, and in the low tones of her voice there was a ring of bitter scorn that thrilled through the wretched heart of the man. " Forgive you t Never, whilst my child lives, if I starve to save her from you. Do not speak. I pray God I may never see you, nor hear your voice again." Another instant and she had vanished from his sight into the house. Lionel sank back on the chair from which he had risen. The dull aching of his despair reliected a look most sad to see upon his young face. His form was bowed, as if stricken suddenly with old age. All seemed dark to him in that supreme moment. He sat long, gazing straight before him, perhaps scarcely at times actually feeling hiB desolation. By degrees the stupor wore oif somewhat, and he began to realise his position. It was only what he had anticipated, after all—only what he would be the first to pronounce right and just. But—well, he had hardly estimated at its true value the intensity of the mother-love. That was all. Be it so. He rose and went into the house. Gertrude was not in the sittingroom. He had not expected to find her there, yet the chill and desolation of the empty room went home to him as it could never have done under any other circumstances. Wearily he found his way to his own chamber, and threw himself, dressed, upon his bed. The house was very quiet. He did not think Gertrude would take any steps to leave him suddenly, yet an undefined anxiety kept him watchful and listening. No sound, however, disturbed him, and presently his strained senses relaxed, and he lost himself n ia troubled sleep. He could not have* slept for more than an hour, when something caused him to wake up and start wildly to his feet. He was conscious of some presence that was either in the room, or had only just quitted it. To convince himself that his lirst supposition was groundless occupied but a moment, for the apartment was flooded with moonlight. The next, he was cautiously treading the passage, and had entered the kitchen. No one was there. He distinctly heard the loud breathing of Eliza, as she slept the sleep of the hard-working, in a small apartment corresponding with his own. He saw that the fastenings of door and window were all safe, and hastily examined the sittingroom and the other chambers of the house, leaving Gertrude's till the last. It was not at all likely that she had been disturbed by the nocturnal visitor, whoever he was, or she would have given the alarm. Her bedroom windows were secured with shutters, to which hung a bell, and her door had the means of being carefully fastened. Theseprecautions he had taken for her comfort at a time when a party of bushrangers were making themselves a terror to the neighbourhood. As Lionel knocked at the door the panel seemed to give way at his touch. He pushed it, and found with real alarm that the door was open. Entering quickly, his vague fear was too soon realised. Neither Gertrude nor her child was there. The window stood open to the ground, letting a flood of moonlight in upon the empty bed, and that was all. Stunned by this new calamity, Lionel remained a moment in despairing indecision. Collecting his senses with an effort, he sprang to the door, fastening it on the inside; then, stepping out into the garden, he drew the windows and the shutters as closely as possible together, and set forth to find and bring home thei lost ones, an unwonted prayer on his lips. But where to look ? Whither in all these solitudes were they gone? Single-handed the search seemed a hopeless one, indeed. Yet to call help and expose the sad secret of their life was an alternative that only crossed his mind to be dismissed from it again. He went CONTINUED ON PAGE 170. MONET. DESCUIED A K1CI. - HK I.YlXd — A 1UMAX Hi; I'ltE—KHKOUJKU IN A CI.OAIC, AXD HOI.PINC SOU I-TH IXC IN 1T.S AMIS."—CHAI\ IV, to the stables, saddled a horse as noiselessly as he could, and rode away down the glen, thankful for the bright moonlight, which enabled him to see for a great distance around. Lionel had not deliberately chosen the way leading to the shore, but now, as he hastened along, a sudden terror arose in his mind. Had Gertrude, indeed, trodden this path before him, and in her despair sought to end. her ruined life as Alicia had done ? Wildly he urged his horse down the steep road, and, now that he was at a safe distance from the house, called aloud her dear name, faintly hoping that she might hear and answer but only the sullen, monotonous plash and roll of the ocean and the Howing of the rivulet met his ear. He gained the beach at last, and, pausing, swept seaand shore with his keen glance. But not a living creature was there to be seen. He rode back and forth upon the sand, still vainly uttering Gertrude's name. At length he despairingly turned, and retraced his steps homewards, determined to followone path after another, radiating from that spot. " And surely," he muttered, "she cannot have gone very far. 1 must find her before morning, witlexx " But that awful thought he dared not put into distinct form. (Shuddering as the ceaseless ocean-voice beat upon his brain,he rodeon wards, and struck out at a point about ahundred yards from his garden gate in a westerly direction. He went further than Gertrude could have walked at her utmost speed, and then returned to take another and yet another route. The hours dragged on, and thus the wretched man wandered to and fro in the moonlight, finding not a single trace of her whom he sought, till cold, grey dawn dispersed the pale stars that shone after the moon had set. Now it was impossible to conceal the truth. Within three hours at most the whole countryside would be ringing with it. Disgrace, misery, loneliness; but even these were less than the anguish of the thought that, perhaps even now, he was thrice a murderer ! llis horse was trembling under him when Lionel returned at last from his fruitless search. A sleepy and astonished stable-boy came to lead away the exhausted animal, while his master, without a word of explanation, strode off in the direction of his overseer's house. Here the astounding news was followed by the promptest measures. The honest Grierson waited not to wonder how Mrs. Leslie and her baby came to be lost in the bush, but at once took steps to organise a party of seekers from his own premises, and sent to the adjacent farms for more help. The whole country was soon aroused, and there was no luck of ready and efficient aid from far and near. The search was continued all that day, but evening brought with it no result. Lionel's despair, as one after the other the men returned tired and disappointed, grew into a positive agony. As night fell, fresh bands of men with torches were sent out, Lionel and Grierson leading the way. A second night passed, another morning dawned, and still the wanderer was not found. At the close 'of this day people began to shake their heads. It was not likely that two such helpless creatures would be found alive now, if they were ever found, But while there remained the slightest possibility of success the search went on with unflagging energy. CHAPTER IV. Lionel, who had not slept, and who had scarcely eaten or drunk during all this time, looked like the ghost of his former self, as, mounted on a fresh horse and with a torch in his hand, he rode forth on the third night. Hope had died out of him utterly. He fully believed, as he had every reason for doing, that Gertrude and her child were by this time far from all human help. The bitter cold of the New Zealand night, the fierce heat of the midday sun—twice endured—shelterless, starving of hunger, they must have died, even had the ocean not been their grave. Just before midnight Lionel had reached a wild tract which he did not remember having explored before, about ten miles from his home. The moon served him better than it had done on the previous niirht. Its bright rays now rendered the torch-Hame unnecessary, and as it rose higher and higher in the heavens every bush and tuft of grass became distinctly visible. The ground here was somewhat damp, owing to a spring in the neighbourhood, bu,t Lionel did not remark this until his horse suddenly slipped and stumbled on the moist clayey soil. Looking down to see what had caused the accident, his heart gave a great bound, and lie drew rein so violently that the quiet animal reared and plunged in startled indignation. Lionel dismounted instantly, and bent down, examining the ground narrowly. Yes ! he had not been mistaken. A footprint was visible, small and lightly made, but yet plain to be seen. Could it be Gertrude's ? If so, she must be near liini now, for he could see that this footstep had not long been made in the marshy ground. He tethered his horse, and carefully followed the track for a little distance, then lost it. He sought awhile all around the spot, but coming upon no further traces he began with a trembling heart to search the bush in a circular direction, widening the range each time he reached the point from which he had started. For long—hours it seemed to him—his efforts were in vain. At last his watchful eye noted a. trampled condition of the grass. This in a few minutes disappeared, but in Us stead lie again detected the footstep ! A moment more, and he stood face to face with the dread truth, whose possibility had haunted him during all those terrible hours of suspense. A few boulders had fallen, at some remote period, from a rocky eminence behind, and now lay scattered about in various directions, some overgrown with creepers; some almost hidden by the rank grass, others naked ns though they had only just parted from the cliff above. Against one of these Lionel descried a figure lying—a human figure—shrouded in a cloak, and holding something in its arms. Ah ! was that pale face upturned to the moon the face of his Gertrude ? He knelt beside the figure. It certainly could not be Gertrude. He tore away the cloak from between the stiff fingers, and hardly could draw from within those faithful arms the little still bundle that lay there. This must be the poor, benighted woman's child—also dead, doubtless. He gently opened the wraps, and looked pityingly upon the tiny form of a dead baby, quite dead he could see. Its limbs were rigid and distorted. It must have died in convulsions, perhaps brought on by starvation. He tried to close its staring eyes, which looked so horrible in the bright light of the moon, but in vaiu. So he covered the little body up again, and laid it softly among the grass close by, and then turned his attention to the other silent figure. It occurred to him as strange that the woman's eyes were closed, and that her jaw had not fallen like that of the infant, which he thought of, shuddering. Perhaps she was not quits dead after all. He attempted to pour some brandy from his flask down her throat, but it only trickled out of her mouth again. She was evidently too far gone to Bwallow anything. He moved her into a more natural attitude, and began to chafe her" cold hands and feet, taking the rug strapped to his saddle to wrap her in. At first he could detect no pulsations, but by and by, as he continued to chafe her hands, he fancied, laying his fingers from time to time upon her wrist, that he could feel a faint lluttering there. was sure of it. Yes, lie He went on rubbing, and the beat grew gradually stronger. How like to Gertrude's hands were this woman's !— white, slender, nervous hands, just like hers. But Gertrude had worn a thick gold ring on the third finger of her left hand, and this woman had none. He had not dared to look in her face, even when he tried to make her drink; but now lie pushed back the hood of her fur-lined cloak and gazed at the pale features, and passed his hand through the wealth of her fine golden hair, almost wonderingly. brain that this was indeed Gertrude. It was dawning upon his tired The shock of finding her, as lie supposed, dead, was so great at first that it had literally stunned his senses. Even when we can anticipate a fearful calamity, it often comes at last with more or less of the strangeness of an entirely undreamt-of woe. And thus, when Lionel discovered that all the life was not starved out of this woman he had found, so did his dulled mind begin to revive, and he recognised in this wretched and forsaken creature, clasping her dead baby in her arms, his cherished idol—the victim of his wrongdoing. The sting of this thought roused him more completely than anything else could have done. He redoubled his efforts, wildly calling upon her to speak, to let him know by the faintest sign that she was yet alive. Again and again he tried to make her drink, and at length he succeeded in inducing her to swallow a spoonful or two. The usual effect showed itself at once. The stimulant brought a slight tinge of colour into the wan cheeks, and a quicker beat to the feeble pulse. and a struggling sigh escaped her lips. She raised her hand, Lionel now waited in speechless anxiety for the moment when she should recognise him. It came at last. The heavy lids unclosed, and she fixed her eyes—alas ! so hollow and wild with suffering—upon his face. But she did not withdraw them in shuddering aversion, as he had feared she would. He whispered softly "Gertrude," and reverently kissed her hand. She answered with a faint, weary smile. "Gertrude," he said, " I must leave you now for a little while, to get help to take you home. I dare not keep you longer in the cold night air, now are revived." She smiled again for answer. Lionel crumbled some biscuit into a few drops of liquid, and gave it to her. She could hardly take the nourishment, though she was evidently craving for it. Then lie made her drink some more, and leaving the ilask and some food close to her hand, he wrapped her up more warmly, and, mounting his horse, rode homeward as he had never ridden in his life before. CHAPTER V. A great ship was gliding slowly northward through the waters of an ocean scarcely ruffled by the light wind that sprang up as the sun drew near its setting. The few birds that hovered, screaming, about the ship during the day, had now disappeared. The nautilus had folded its rainbow bubble, and gone down to add its little ray to the myriad silver ocean lamps that would be lighted by and by, when the sun's reign was over, and the hush of evening seemed to be felt everywhere on board the ship. crew, their day's work done, were sitting or standing The about, watching for a sail, mending their clothes, making tobaccopouches of sea- birds' feet, and otherwise engaged in a variety of occupations. The only sign of active life visible was a boxingmatch, scientifically carried on between two of the officers, who had taken up their position beneath a boat. The quarter-deck was almost deserted, except for the man at the wheel, and a quiet little group, consisting of two ladies and a gentleman. These stood watching the setting of the sun, whose departing splendour seemed to fill the entire heavens with an indescribable glory. There was a subdued air about this group of three that might be caused by the solemn beauty of the hour and the mysterious radiance upon which they were gazing. But there was that in the countenances,especially of the gentleman and of the younger of his two companions, which betokened an quaintanee with life in its deeper realities—a look that can only come of a personal contact with suffering of one kind or another. The elder lady stood a little apart, and was not so much absorbed by the beauties of the evening sky as to refrain from contemplating the two with deep interest and affection manifest in her pleasant face. The younger—a mere girl apparently in years, if not in character —was leaning, as if for support, on the tall sunburnt man beside her. Her slender hands,'oir one of which shone a wedding-ring, were clasped lovingly/around his strong arm. The sun, now a great ball of red fire, dipped at length below the horizon, and the soft and lovely colours he left behind grew fainter and fainter. Thestars came out one by one, and presently a full moon sent down a track of silver across the sea. "Gertrude, you are tired," said the young man at last, drawing a shawl about theslight form. " Shall we not go in now ?" "Oh, no, Lionel; let us stay a little while. Did you ever think it possible that we could be so peaceful as this?" "My darling, I am always thinking of how little I deserve that you should love me now. Oh, Gertrude, I think God sometimes convinces us of our exceeding sinfulness by heaping unmerited mercies upon us. I can imagine no way in which 1 could have been brought to repent so earnestly of my sins as this—when God put it into your heart to forgive me. It was a sign to me of how merciful He is." "Ah, Lionel, we know He is merciful, far more so than we can ever lie, however much we love. What was it for me to forgive •iinii > I have done wrong myself. It seems to me the least we human beings can do—to pardon each other freely ; and I can look back now, and see that all was well, even " " Don't think of what troubles you, darling," said Lionel. " Please God, I will try to make your English home such a happy one that you will never have to regret your goodness to me." " You make me very happy now, Lionel. How do you think I could have let you go away alone. God meant us to live together, and together try to atone for the wrong we have both done." " Children," said the other lady at this moment, " I will have you both cease star-gazing and come indoors. Remember that Gertrude is anything but strong yet, Lionel, and if she catches cold I won't answer for the consequences !" "Ah, auntie," said Gertrude, smiling, as she prepared to obey, " if Lionel kills me at all, it will be with too much kindness. I shall have to look to you for protection when we get home, if Mr. Lindsay equals him in this respect, and I'm afraid his letters prove that it will be so." "I think we are all more or less likely to do. that, "said Lionel, tenderly, "and that your aunt would be no exception to ac. the rule. You forget, my Gertrude, how much I owe you, and, therefore, what must be my father's feelings towards you. You are the link, darling, to bind us all together. It is your sweetness that won my pardon. What can I ever say or do to thank you enough for that alone ?"• Yes, Gertrude, you have your reward. Would that more of your spirit influenced Christian men and women in the world! Were our forgiveness of our brothers' trespasses oftener such as this, would there not be fewer ruined lives, fewer desolated homes than we now hear of ? Should not we—followers of Him who bade the penitent Magdalene " Go, and sin no more," and who said to the dying thief " This day shalt thou be with Me in paradise"—should not we reflect ere we limit our forgiveness to a cold form pf words— reflect, and ask of our consciences the solemn question, "Is it thus w e hope to be forgiven?" THE END. 