OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. MELBOURNE; 'NO. 20. The council of the University are going to ask the Treasurer to give them another thousand a year for a Professorship of Greek, They declare that the same professor cannot properly teach Greek and Latin. It is true that for 29 years Greek and Latin have been taught by one professor; but now the time has come, they say, that the two subjects must be divided. The reasons for the separation are not apparent to anybody out of the cour oil, and already the proposition has evoked a great deal of unfavourable public comment, I think, therefore, that although Mr, Service may see his way to increasing the annual grant, he will not give it for Greek. Somebody has suggested that the common have a Greek professor in their eye, and that it is with the object of placing him that the discovery has all of a sudden been made that the two languages must be divorced. I am quite unable to say if this is the case. I only mention the rumour as I have heard it I do know, however, that there are a great many things in the University requiring improvement before Greek. Both the physical sciences and medical science are in greater need of aid than the classic tongues, I have nothing to say against the classic tongues, but I think the classic tongues might wait until science has had justice done to it. Further of the University, there should yesterday have been a meeting of the senate, but a quorum could not be mustered, and there was no meeting. Some of the newspapers have uttered strong reproaches at this lack of interest on the part of the graduates in their work-. But the truth is the senate has become sur- charged with a number of ambitious young men, who go there as they would go to a debating club, and who debate accordingly. They have no true interest in the work to be done, and they talk for the sheer pleasure of talking. Those who would go there for work have no option but to stay away if they value their time and care at all about the milling of their temper. The fact is, there is very little need for talking in the senate. The notice-papers convey full information of all the business to be done, and all that is really required is to vote ; but these callow orators have no mind to let the opportunity slip by of distinguishing themselves. This yearning after oratorical distinction is, in truth, becoming an infliction grievous to be home. Committee boards, councils, synods, presbyteries, conferences are all given up to it, The flood of talk flows on for ever. It is shallow, muddy, brawling, and it never runs dry mora is the pity. And this is germane to the municipal elections which have just taken place, and the results of which have been, as is customary, published in the newspaper!. I suppose some people read these reports, especially those whose names are therein set forth. I think it is a positive comfort in reading a newspaper to feel that you have no interest whatever in a whole page, and that therefore you are not obliged to read it And it is also . comfort, in looking over the announcements of any coming elections, to feel that in none of the dis Iriits where elections are going to take place you have a vote, and that you will not be tormented with circulars, cards, and canvassers. Thus at this moment I am calm on the subject of the coming election for the North Yarra province, which is shortly to take place, and in which Dr. Beaney is to be opposed by Mr. James Munro. If Dr. Blaney valued his quiet he would retire in favour of Mr. Munro, and if he were able to forecast the temper of the time he would equally certainly retire. For Mr. Munro, being an experienced politician, stands not an ill chance of success. On the other hand, Dr. Beaney will spend his money very freely, and is personally popular, both of which are good reasons of encouragement. But generally in respect of politics, at this moment they are the reverse of lively. Thus Mr. Mackay has been entreating the Premier to give him an evening on which he can discuss Mud Island. I do not know where Mud Island is, and I do not know anybody who knows, and I do not care to know where it is. Neither do I know what Mr. Mackay wants to know about it. I think it is going to be leased to somebody to whom it ought not to be leased, or perhaps it has been leased, or perhaps it has not been leased, and Mr Mackay thinks it ought to be leased. What anybody can do with an island of mud I am quite unable to say, and when the debate comes on I feel that I shall be strongly interested in the subject of this mary islet, which islet, however, may, after all, not be muddy-for they call so many things by inappropriate names now-a-days so that I should not be at all surprised to hear that it is a rose-: towering 50 feet out of the ses. Perhaps as the Land Bill is just now being debated, the subject of mud was not entirely inappropriate and on the subject of land, Mr, Mirams has been waxing eloquent in his way. Speaking generally, he objects to everything, as is his wont. Speaking particularly, he says, he does not think much of the late Mr. Wilson Gray. And for that matter, no more did I. He-that is, Wilson Gray-had Wild theories on the subject of land, and he used to make inflamma- tory speeches in the market-place. As a politician he was a confessed f share, and so he went to New Zealand, got made a sort of Judge, and there gave up the ghost, Sir. M'Lsllan is hoarsely indignant that Mr. Mirams should cast reproach upon the memory of so great a man as Wilson Gray, and insists that Wilson Gray was a h eaves-inspired patriot, and that Mirams is no better than . road of the tenth magnitude, thus to void his venom upon his grave. And Mr. Mirams, at this Imputation, waving his hand with supreme disdain at Mr. M'Lellan, says he scorns the opinion of the M'Lellan, and so the speedy ends with mutual defiance. But although these legislators glare a good deal at one another, they do not fight other than with words. I sometimes wonder if they carry their political hatreds into private life, or if, like barristers, they are friends as soon as the fray of hot breath is over. In the other House they are still hammering at the Mining on Private Property Bill, but there they never seem to let their angry passions rise to any degree inconsistent with senatorial dignity. When they met yesterday, part of the business was to congratulate Colonel Sargood on his recovery from his illness, A good many people did not know he had been ill. And this is one of the advantages of being a prominent public man you get all your doings and sufferings and recovering so readily made known to the world inexpensively. The most talked about man in all the colonies to-morrow morning will be the condemned murderer Hawthorn, who will close his eyes upon the light of day for ever. He also has had long paragraph all to himself in the papers for the past week, The complaint I have to make, however, against these paragraph writers when they have to deal with the last days of a condemned man is that they discover nothing new. They might, but for the name, have all their paragraphs stereotyped. Hawthorn himself seems to be much haunted by his three spiritual advisers, one of whom had clearly made up his mind that Hawthorn shall confess his crime ; but Hawthorn persists in asserting that he has nothing to confess, and that, if he killed his brother, he killed him unknowingly, needing, it is to be supposed, that he was drunk when he shot him. But anyone who has studied the habits of criminals knows that the hope of reprieve prompts them to deny their guilt up to the very last moment of their lives. The records of the Civil courts have not been without their interest during this last few days. Two cases of breach of promise of marriage have been illustrated in the way of setting forth the inherent meanness of some men. I am sorry to think that a great many men are exceedingly man where women are concerned, and these two men appear to have been typical in their paltriness. No doubt the women were both unwisely weak and trusting, and it is clear that they both surrendered themselves with their eyes exceedingly wide open. On the other hand, the men, having gained their ends, and having become tired of their companions, behaved With contemptible unmanliness, and so merited all the punishment the jury adjudged them. An unusual feature in each of the cases was the circumstance of the men counselling the women to commit suicide as a ready mode of finish- ing their own trouble, and relieving them the token of their responsibilities. It was not stated that they had taken their cue from Goldsmith's verses, specify- ing what lovely woman ought to do when she stoops to folly, but their counsel was quite in accordance with Goldsmith's conclusion. The cry of the unemployed continues, but it is not. much regarded, and the bureau which was expected to do so much to place These gentlemen of leisure in situations suitable to their tastes hsB collapsed, and the management Rupal having grown sick of trying o nieass man Who are chronicalLy disaatiaflsA has locked the door of the building lent by the 6o*_J mont, and delivered up the key. Meantime law is plenty of work to be had if these gentlemen will "!! descend to accepting; but as they want to pick their work, and fix the wages, and limit their hours of liW there are manifest difficulties in the way of introducing. them to exactly the kind of occupation which with them. Faw And so we come to smallpox, which shows no stew of subsiding, and to the Central Board of Health, which practically none esses itself unequal to the task of arrest, ing it, There is much talk of calf lymph vaccination. but the doing is less than the talking. Among a order. that have gone forth to one to vaccinate all the lunatics with calf lymph ; but as the required est! lymph is not procurable, the lunatics will have to wait. And the waiting, I gather, give them M uneasiness. 