' IRELAND AND THE GOSPEL. ; By> the Rev. Jackson Sjix> D.D. For I; will bo merciful .to tholr unrighteousness, and t.lieir sins and their iniqltics will I remembor no more."— Heb. viii: 12.' J''1."'' ' ' :: "," : Real affection becomes intensified, by the 'sorrows of its object; A friendship that1 is artificial-or superficial soon1 dries up before misfortune, jlist as the dew of the summer's '.morning vanishes before the rising sun ; but ; the friendship whose well-spring lies down in the heart gushes forth the more1 copiously when every other comfort has' ceased to ;fip wJ Such is the mercy of God. It is deep as eternity, for -it has a3 place in' the over- ' lasting covenant. A.nd' that is truly a pre cious' thought' in inspiration when it says of 'Christ that, " a bruised reed shall- He not break, .and- the smoking flax shall 'Hei; not quench."' The1 most absolute ' disihtorested- ,:nes8 is -the. grand characteristic of tlie mercy of the 'Lord.; - 'Ahd as'He deals i with men in their 'individual capacity, so; it 1 pleases Him often £0 |!deai: witli nations." "The" Jewish' people) are an obvious3 instance'df this. 'G id '.entered i'iiito'-' covehafit with1 !th'em,! 1 and It is - 'tbef'cdvenaht .of -'grace 'inthe'-.'blossihg-i: of 1 whiclv all the saved have an eternal !pb'rtion. The language her'e may : haVe ! an 1 application to 'any bf-the' nations' of ' the 'oartli. They ; may 'be far goiie in transgression;" steeped in . unrigliteodshess.'And yet;ih ;fetUrning-'to :ihe Lord who' will have inercy1 upon thein, and to our God ' who will abundantly pardbn',1 they may heariiis covenant voice saying, ("I1 wilt ; be merciful to ' their uiirigHtepusness, and their sins'and' their iniquities will I re'ineiiiber no morel." : . ' ''' These remarks, you ; will observe, tend '.towards the subject of Ireland, and the pros pects that1 are before her through tlie word of our Lord and Sdviotir Josus' Christ. When proinising 'blessirigs to Israel, ' the Lord (the prophet "Micali) says, " In that day will I ;asseinble her that halteth; ' and' I will gather ;hdr that is "driven 'oiit, and ' her that' ; I ; liavo afflicted, and I will make ' her that halteth a remhaht;:'fihd!!Her, that. was 'cast off A strong nation." We may acknowledge that Ireland, like Israel; has' halted but : we are. not for bidden tomopb; or even to hold; that God Inis ))made .her .a remnant:! She may have been ;ca8t off, like a wild' olive branch,3 but we " maintain that we ought not to despair of her being' yet, made a strong nation; becoming beautiful in' the earthYor her faithfulness and 'truth. Aud:no one has any cause to be re luctant 'to1 ihaiiit'airi;th¥t' every effort . should be put forth to' enlist' themoblest Bympathies of the people of .God ihthe eatise of righteous ness in' this land : - A seditibus! cry( lias- re- cehtly' been rinsed, to the effect, that the salvation of Ireland is the - destruction of the toinporal sovereignty. But our cry as a Christian people can include' both, and we can say " God save the' Queen," and "Gjd save Ireland " as well. It is but reasonable that wo sboitld all like to boo our couutry raised, in the scale of national communities, and it is but a prornpting of the now nature of , a child of God to wish to see her exalted to a condition of attachment to Christ, and to that Gospel which makes the poorest man a potentate, and the feeblest nation a mighty people. Hence, every heart renewed by the Spirit of God will hail with rapture the ad vent of the day when this language will bo applied to the people of our island, "I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no. more." ... There are many reasons why we should in faith look and labour for this. I. Ireland's Ancient History Pleads for It.— Ireland in these last days is saying to us, " Why should it not be with me now as it .was once before ?" And we echo part of the question — Why not ? The monuments of her early Christianity look down in sad ness upon ber present condition, and it is a humiliating thought that we are, as it were, trying to cut a thousand years out of our history, and are bringing back the dial of time to the ninth century. At least it is very humiliating that there is a necossity for trying to do this. And what was Ireland then ? She was at the head of the nations of Europe in respect to godliness. Her civilization was the most advanced, her learning was the most ex tended and refined, her Christianity was of the least corrupted type that then prevailed in the world, and the Irish divines were the only ones, so far as known to history, who refused to dishonour their reason by refusing to lay it prostrate at the feet of any authority. But that time has gone, and — as for. a man, so fori a country — it speaks but little whemitiis forced to confess .that ,it has no title to, distinction or, consideration save in the faciof.ai vanished ancestral glory. And if a .country iboasts of. ihor own departed glory,.nnd.;writes- " Ichabod ". over the door ways of her ruined temples, she is displaying no more wisdom than the man who considers himself 'honourable ; .because , there , is an honourable epitaph. inscribed upon his grand father's grave. But if we do not find a motive fouvainglory. in a review; of the early history of Ireland; weTrid . at least a motive for effort. If the field is, this , year filled with thistles, the husbandman has but little reason for self-complacency in the reflection that seven years , ago, there, was not a weed to ho seen.; The recollection of its past freo- dom,from baneful .plants, can be no cause for. joy; but- it may be an incentive to industrious action to,, bring, it into the same state again. We ; boast not of our, , country's early good ness,, but we think there is sufficient cause for endeavour to root up the noxious tares which, the enemy has sown, and to make her worthy, to wear the bodges that she loBt seven hun dred years ago. Christianity was introduced to Ireland at a very early date. Tertullian, writing in the year 200, refers to " those parts of the British Isle's which were unapproaclied by the Romans being yet subject to Christ." Further on the religion of the cross made rapid progress in Ireland. Colleges were founded, congregations were organised, and a bishop had charge of each congregation, from which it is evident that those early, bishops were not prelates, but simply pastors of churches. But the great change that came over the ecclesiastical history of Ire land was owing to the appearance on the scene of :: Succath, commonly called St. Patrick. -Since the days , of : Paul, perhaps, no greater missionary has ever lived. This simple presbyter's enthnsiam for sopls was the grand; motive power of his life Early in the fifth century ho entered Ireland, and like; another Paul or Peter he preached the Gospel swith the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven, and the prodigious effects produced on the, minds of men were a clear indication that. God was; with him. Kings' daughters, were ; among the honourable women who yielded to; the truth as spoken by his lips. Leaders of hostile clans, whose trade was war, beat their swords into ploughshares and their spears into reaping-hooks ; and onward, he went from county to county, and from province to, province, till in a few years ho had , . carried j .the . tidings of salvation from Howth Head to , the. borders of Clew Bay, and from the glens of .Antrim to the dreary wilds of Kerry. From that time forward, during several centuries, there was no country more distinguished than our own by the pos session of Scripture truth. Then does Rome appeal to antiquity? So do we. We say to Rome— Let the seventh century come back again; to Munster and Connaught, and that is all. .the boon we, ask for the present. Give hack to those provinces their B|bles, . and they will regain their, opposition to all mummeries and superstitions. . Give back, to. them their simple ministers, the primitive bishops of the New: Testament, and ript the outcome of will-worship. , Give back to them pure arid healthful - literature. .Give back to them their bright hopes of going direct to Christ as the Mediator of the New Covenant, arid to the blood of sprinkling, and direct to lieavpn and eternal peace when they die. . Give 'them back these, and then if you do, 0 Rome 1 you may abide by the banks of your, own turbid Tiber and leave our country, to, her, life, and love, and light, and liberty for .evermore.' , , , Romanism in Ireland is an innovation of a comparatively recent dateq,V'.:There , is no; ancient Roine... in , this island of the sea'; and therefore, when -avo; sendMissipnarios to the South and West, wo are striving , to . bring Irelnnd.back. to her' ancientjriationai religion. W te'l you, .the , people, .that Heriry II., of England, took, your. Bibles from you when lie sold you to Romo in tho year ll72. Wo givo j'ou your own again. He made you tributary to Rome ; we seok to release you from the unjust tribute. You lost your in dependence in the twelfth century ; in the nineteenth we restore it to, you. We have a nobler mission than to proselytise ; we strive to regain for you a forfeited honour ; we aim at giving you what you once loved — a pure Gospel, a free Bible, on unclouded day of grace, a rent veil irito the holiest of all, a religion that runs parallel with your ancestral faith, and one that, if accepted, will run on parallel in all eternity with the benign results of the redemption of Christ. Is it not a strange fact in history that the Irish poople, who for so many centuries strove against the influence of Rpme, who appointed bishops without consulting Rome, and who held fast their profession of the Gospel faith without wavering, should now seem to bo the last of all the nations to re nounce subjection to the Vatican ? Patrick the Protestant — for if adherence to the teach ing of God's word alone, and so far, an atti tude of antagonism to Rome, be Protestan tism, St. Patrick was a Protestant — they sustained and supported against all claims of Italy, and they did it for long. Now the majority of the Irish people associate their devotion to Patrick with their devotion to Popery. They have continued to do this since the day when Ireland's towering hills and lovely glens, with her people into the cruel bargain, were bartered for nothing in return but the privilege to this hour of pay ing Peter's pence. Oh soft and beautiful, but cruelly betrayed Ireland ! Who can adequately describe your woes ? The picture of your tribulations is surely enough to1 awaken the slumbering sympathies of every man who has accepted the grace of the everlasting covenant as his :chief good, and who yearns to see a world won for Christ. Ypu are not Christ's. ' You have been deceived ; and, whilst you are stretching out your hands for something needed, do ypu not in some measure resemble those Athenians on Mars' Hill, who erected their altar to the unknown God ? You were once the resort of students, and you wel comed to your hospitable shores scholars from evory country in Europe. Once you were the nursery of patriots — true patriots ; not men of the selfish, greedy, grasping, gory typo, but men who sought your good, and besought God for it, whether amidst sun shine or in the stormiest days. But now, well may we say that in no country do the gloomy genius of superstition and the spirit of wrong stalk forth to perpetuate, ; as in yours, an evil day when the gracious monu ments of the ancient faith were overthrown. Yet, blessed be God, there is a hidden rem nant sending up the prayer — that God will' speak respecting the children of men through out all Ireland this language, " I i will ;be merciful to their unrighteousness, -and i their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more." ; 7 ' : : ' ': 1 ; ;!;>! II. Ireland's Sufferings Plead for It. — It must strike many as singular that Ireland! should havo'resiste'd Rome so long, and that; since the time of-'the Reformation; there, should be no country more attached to it. This is'a "problem that deserves to be solved,' but I believe the solution is very, simple: Paradoxical as it may appear, it was the Re volution that riveted this country to Rome. It loosed the chains - of Englarid . arid Scot-- land, and bade the? oppressed go free ; but if" tied more tightly- th0< cords of Ireland. ,;If .was not the Reformation thatthelrish people hated bo_ much, as the manner in which Eng land- sou'ght' to thrust i t u pori' theiri: - 1 From? .the .time, of . ;Henry . the Second . the ., nativer. Insh?had. jndulgo in-, a. hereditary .hatred' agajnst the Eriglislij because , of their oppres-! sioii ; and when the reformed , religion, was brought oyer by the conquerors of the'Irish . people,., we need .riot be surprised that 'the? disconsolate .nation ; would . have none of it The , .very ., language of the people' was |Pros-;; cribed,. and that was one , of the most fatal' blows , that .were ever struck ' against ,,tho'. causeV.of/ truth' . in . this or any. other., land. Had. the Gospol .been brought to: them by men .who called thein brethren, and had' they enjoyed the. privilege of hearing, in .tliejr f.owri?, tongue jthe wonderful works of. God, .by God's blessing our'-country would Iiaye, had.'a,', difforerit. liistoryj and nolone now woularieed to ask : us to send' the broad of -life '.to- mil-'.', lions Vof our. famishing . ciountryinen. Poof , Ireland,! She was conquered, and her con? querbrs tiod.: her to the wheel . of Rome. There she groaned, arid wailed for four hun dred years, until her spirit-was withered, arid, the glory had. doparted from her .temples,' and peaco had taken to flight from hor orice happy' homes. Theri the same coriqu'eririg race would have hor to charigo her religion once more, not by persuading her of its truth,, but .because they, had the 'sword to back the mandate. Ireland moodily spurned the . Gospel' gift offered in that way ; . and from that . day till now she regards ' Protestantism : with an evil, .eye, for no reason more power? ful than tliat .it is the religion. of a dominant .race; If we. could wipe Reformation 'times'.' :ouf pf , Irelarid's ' inemofy— and it seemB a . jstiarigo.tldrigj'to say -this— our work would bo . simpler 'now. , But Ireland was too lorig treated ,a8 . i'slieh'ad no mind at all, and the . natural , result, ..'was to '.harden her heart. However, jf you arefriends of Jesus you will; .be friends of j'yoiir, countrymen ; arid, 'being so, you will accept tiie,' noble work which is : before you. , ,B'i8 the, eyangblisatiori of the land. YouMavb to show the descendants of a wronged raco.tkat iri thGreligipp of Knox,? and Melyille,iand ,Latiriieri'' becau8b it is the." religion of the Cross, ' of Jesus ' there is a heart to feel. It is for you to show that this' ago has a substitute fqr the sword of man. It is the sword of the Spirit. The voice to bo raised now is not a cry of exteriniriatiori, but of grace and life and peace. The voice is like that of.John the Baptist " Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for- our Lord." We should like to see once more the, true Irish harp strung again, and to hear hymns of redemp tion bursting from the joyous Hps; of a ran somed people. And we shall not despair of beholding the consummation so long as the Gospel is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, so long as Christ is able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God by Him, and so long as there is compassion .for nations even less excusable than our own in the bosom of Him who says : " I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sius and their iniquities will I re member no more." III. The Present Movements of Ireland Plead for It. — These movements do not much alarm me. They might, and they would, if I did not know that we have influ ences at command fully adequate to cope with them. He that is with us is greater than all that can be against us. Popery, however, is very subtle. It has many a scheme and artifice for stopping up the win dows of heaven. Some years ago it tried a sories of discus sions in different parts of the country, but this proved a most complete failure ; in fact, a number of the rash polemical adventurers were so utterly discomfited upon platforms by Protestant antagonists, that the hierarchy took alarm, and a prohibition was issued against all public discussions. Another plan adopted by Rome has been to decry the education of the country. The whole national system of education in Ireland is under the ban of Romanists. They tolerate and use it, but it is only till they can destroy it. They think it has been lotting in too much light ; and, they desire a separate system for them selves, to be paid by the State, but to be entirely free from State control, so that they may teach, without let or hindrance, what they please. Then, again, they are working themselves into all manner of offices under a Queen and Government whom some of them are never tired of calumniating ; and, whether it be that the priests, who aro the spiritual leaders , of the., people, are unable to conquer con? spiracy against the "powers that be," or that they secretly foster the rebel spirit, the fact. remains the same, that sedition, is . so rampant as strongly to excite the fears of thousands in tho. community. Well, we knpw, what we have tp nieet, and it . is; con soling to think that we do,,., We. cannpt afford to be inactive, but there is, no cause for .panic. God .roigns; and, if wo are true, to pur AlraightyiKing, ;we need not.be ner- vous,,for, even ,\vhen. the cloud seems darkest, : there ; will,, through the . opening, formed, ; by faith,; be .seen .to gleam the, promise, "T will , be ; merciful., to,, their, , unrighteousness,,;; arid, their.sin8.and their iniquities will I. remember, no more." ; . ..M:,;,;: ,, i'iio;:-- 