Wxi attir °§\xmx* A woman seldom writes her will. There is so much of it she can't. Out in Nebraska a man by the name of Onion has just failed. He ought to be able to pay a hundred scentson the dollar, though. An old fellow went to dine at a chop-house, and after waiting some minutes, gruffly asked the waiter— 'How long will my chop be?' ' Abont five inches, sir !' was the reply. ' Yes, Brown jog is an M.D., I believe ; bat he is an M.D. without practice.' ' Tnen he has the advantage of the rest of you doctors. His slumbers cannot be disturbed by the ghosts of departed patients.' 'Mr. White,' said a Harrisburg lawyer to a witness in the box, 'at the time these papers were executed you were speculating, were you not?' 'Yes, sir.' 'You were in oil?' 'I was.' 'And what are y»u ia now?' 'Bankruptcy,' was the solemn reply. The Rochester Po$UExpreu, having been asked whether it is the correct thing to hold a bird In your fingers while eating it, replies —'If the bird is the regulation watering place spring chicken it is correct enough, bat poor policy. You should brace yourself against something, and use both hands.' By falling from: a waggon a Chinamm in California, whose life was insured for a large amount, was seriously hurt. There was some doubt as to bis ever getting better, and at length one of his friends wrote to the insurance company — 'Charley half dead, likee half money.' Scene, Sunday school. Lady teacher— ' Now, can any little boy or girl tell me who Job was?' Wee boy after a long pause— 'A doctor.' Lady teacher— 'A doctor? Oh. dear no! Where did you read that?' Wee boy— 'Did ye never hear o' the patients o'Job?' ' When I grow up 111 be a man, won't I ?' asked a little boy of his mother. 'Yes, my son ; but if you want to be a maa, you must be industrious at echool and learn how to behave yourself.' 'Why, mamma, do the lazy boj s turn out to be women when they grow up?' Mrs. Shoddy, to shopman — 'Show me a thermometer — one of your best.' Shomnan —'This, ma'am, is one of oar fiaest— Vene- tian glass and the best quicksilver.' Mrs. Shoddy— 'Silver! That would be nice for the kitching ; but I want one for my boodore. Haven't you one with quick gold?' Little Pet— Do you know that we are to have a new papa? Little Jack -No ; I dess you is 'staken. Little Pet— No I ain't Nurse said mamma was goin' to be married again and that would give us a new papa. Little Jack— Who is it? Little Pet— That Mr. SimpMns that never brings us any candy. Little Jack — Is ma doin' to make him our paj-a? Little Pet- Yes. Little Jack— Serves 'im right. In a field fronting his manse Dr. GUlespie erected a handsome sun-dial. His cows, by rubbing against it, having menaced its over throw, he instructed the village joiner to enclose it with a timber fence. The order was executed, and a note of the cost handed in. It ran thus :— ' For railing in the dell, 5s.' 'Wonderfully cheap,9' said the pro fewor— 'I'm paid considerably more for railing him in, and have not succeeded yet.' 'Mr. Postern,' said old Mr. Bosser, look ing over the ledger index, ' what is the mean ing of this title, 'Bitters,' that you have here ?' ' Why, sir, replied the bookkeeper, 'that stands for bad debts.' 'Well, but what has bitters got to do with it ?' ' Don't you see,' said Postern, ' the dictionary tells us that aloes are bitter, and if all owes are' —but he never finished his remark, for old Mr. Bosser died of apoplexy right there before his eyes. Hans GrowyoBt, % worthy farmer, has a shrewd wife, who has long rendered his life anything bat a coach of roses. Oae day not long ago she in a fit of pique packed up her foods and left him, vowing never to come ack. The news went round among his neighbors— you know how intelligence of all kinds does travel in the country— and at night several of them, of whom I was one, went to condole with Hans. He sat on his front port puffing away at his pipe. 'Hans,' I re marked, ' I pity you.' 'My boy,' replied the honest Dutchman, as he disturbedly knocked out the ashes of his pipe,'yoavas right. She has shust com9 back.' Alexandre Dumas was one day the guest of Dr. Gistal, a leading practitioner in Mar seilles. After dinner, while the coffee was being banded round, the host requested the ~ great novelist to enrich his album with oae of bis witty improvisations. 'Certainly,' re plied DomaB with a smile ; and drawing oat his pencil he wrote, under the eyes of his entertainer, the following lines : — ' Since Dr. Gistal [came to our town, to care disease casual and hereditary, the hospital has been prilled down ? ' 'You flatterer!' here exclaimed the doctor, mightily pleased ; bat the poet went on — ''And we have made a larger cemetery.' An American religious paper relates the following story : — A preacher oat West, Mr. H., was a good man, but. very rough in his ways, and very much given to chewing to bacco. One day he was riding on horseback through the country when it came on to rain. Biding up to a cabin he hastily hitched his horse and knocked at the door. A sharp looking old lady answered the summons. Tbe preacher asked for shelter. ' I don't take in strangers ; I dont know you,' replied tbe old lady suspiciously. ' Bat yoa know what the Bible says 7' said tbe preacher— ' Be not forgetful to entertain strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels un awares.' 'Yoa needn't quote Bible,' said the old lady quickly ; 'no angel would come down from heaven with a quid of tobacco in his mouth as you have.' The door was shut, and the preacher unhitched his horse and rode away in the rain. A literary gentleman recently became con scious of most suspicious glances cast upon him by his friends and acquaintances. Then he found that his footsteps were dogged. Moreover, a policeman was occasionally seen outside his house, and subsequently a stranger, who afterward turned one to be a detective, appeared. Tortured and troubled the gentleman at last asked a friend the meaning of it alL 'Don't you know?' said he. 'They suspect you of murder. 'Of murder !' said the horrified man. ' What do you mean?' 'You received a postal card last week?' 'Very likely; I received a dozen.' 'Bat on this postal card were written these words—' Be sore and save the child, bat kill the mother;' and the post master read ? ' A smile ending in a guffaw broke in upon this dialogue. The postal card had come from a theatrical manager, for whom the gentleman had written a play, which the manager wanted amended accord ing to these directions. A chap who plunged off a wharf in Detroit was promptly palled oat by three or fonr men who witnessed the action, and when the victim was safe on the planks one of the men remarked— 'Did yoa fall In?' ' No, sir ; I jumped in.' 'Did yoa intend to commit suicide?' 'No, sir.' 'Bat yoa must have been tired of life to take that leap. Tell us your troubles, and perhaps we can assist you.' ' Gentlemen,' said the atrarger, after swallowing a glass of whisky, which a boy bad run for, ' I'm a man of straight business principles. I've jumped off the docks along here some six or sevea times this spring. _ I'm always sure of being pulled out, of securing a big flrfwir cf whisky, and the - cash collection runs from seventy-five cents to three dollars.' ' Well, you wont get no cash out of this crowd,' said one of the men. 'I realised that as soon as you pulled me out, and I sized you up,' repued the stranger, 'and I may as well add that the whisky you sent for is the poorest staff I ever drank. Take it altogether, I'd have made more to faint away or had a fit in a saloon. When f Webster was at the zenith of his career a gentleman waited upon him one day to engage him for the defence in an important case atlaw, the amount at stake In the suit being eightythousand dollars. The gentle man asked Webster what the retaining fees would be. 'A thousand dollars;'' 'Athou. sand dollars!' exclaimed the gentieman. 'Yes. But think for a moment what I en gage to do, sir. I do not only hold myself at your service in the natter, perhaps for a month or more, bat I debar myself from accepting any offer, no matter how large, from the plaintiff.' The applicant was satis fied with this explanation, wrote puta cheque for the amount, and gave ic to the great expounder, who, after he had pat it into his pocket, said — 'I will give you a bit of advice- gratis. If you can compromise this business upon fair terms . with the plaintiff yon had better do so.' The client expmsedhis thanks, and took his leave. In a few days after he called npon Webster again, and told him that a com promise had been effected,; and the matter satisfactorily settled. Webster duly oon Kfctulaied his visitor on the result, and would ve turned to other business, but: the visitor «ecmed to have something further on bis mind. ' Of course,1' he ventured, after a pause. 'I shall not requite jonr semoetj, Mr. Webster.' ' Certainly noLslr.' 'And —bow .about the one thousand doHars I paid you V faintly asked the gentleman, who was sot quite reconciled to paying such a sum for „ cervices which were never.to be rendered, ' Oh, ah !' responded Daniel, with a bland smile. ' Yonrdon'i understand. It i* very simple.' . Tbat was a retaining fee— called Jn law a 'retainer.' By virtue of the contract I also became a retainer. What should I retain, if not my feel' 