AMUSEMENTS. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. 'The Crushed Tragedian' was presented on Saturday night before a good house. Mr. Wybert Reeve's impersonation of Mr. De Lacy Fitzaltamont ia well known ^» 'wiamc, »uu, u wo except occasional in distinctness, as of one who knows something so well himself that he does not care whether others know it or not, his performance was successful and mirth-provoking. Mr. Edwin Palmer appeared to considerable disadvan tage as Frank Bristowe. The style of acting required does not suit him, and he does not suit the style of acting required. In the last act. when he appears inhis Snnday-clothes, he looked as uncomfortable and as much like the ghost of Hamlet's father as any mortal could. We know Mr. Palmer to be a highly capable actor, and hence it is that we were disappointed at his playing on Saturday. Mr. Norgrove thoroughly looked the part of ' Ned Bnstowe, hiB son, a scamp,' and Mr. Melville, as Sir Michael Clindenning, was fearfully and wonderfully got up. By some means or other he had made his features assume a most peaceful aspect, and by dint of grey wig. white whiskers, and copious chalk he looked ever so much more like an escaped cherub than a mercenary Christian. Mr. Jewitt is a valuable member of a com pany. He would play anything, from Hamlet down to Bottom, and with an equal amount of success. On Saturday he was Ernest Clin denning, and made love in an entirely original, if somewhat hungry, style. The most popular item in the programme was Mr. Dark's comic song. Weforvot what Professor he was, and only remember that the refrain waa ' Hear, hear,' and that it was given with great gusto by Messrs. Reeve and Forbes. Mr. Oily Dearintc is entirely unfitted for the part of Gadsby. The pompous Manager wants a certain mock dignity which Mr. Dearing could not give, and when he gets drunk he wants to get drunk in a sensible kind of a way. Mr. G. Forbes had not much to do as Captain Rachet, except bemoan the Iobs of his temporary cigars, and blush at the mention of his red face. He did this well. Miss Maggie Knight, doubtless, has the best intentions possible. She has every wish to act leading parts, and this is a laudable ambition. .But it is unfortunate for her audience. Fine ladies maybe affected, but still it is not affectation that makes the fine lady. On the contrary, the higher one is the less one has to assume. We believe in Miss Knight as an- excellent actress in her own line, and we sincerely wish, for her own sake as well as for that of the public, that she would stick to it. Miss Lottie Brier presented us with a washy Miss Mountcashel, and Miss Bessie Palmer tripped gaily through her little part of Mrs. Gulpin. Generally speak ing the company is unsuited to the play, and Mr. Reeve has only himself to thank if his clever representations of favourite characters are not witnessed by crowded houses. ? The same piece will be presented to-night and to-morrow, on which latter occasion His Excellency the Governor will be present, THEATRE ROYAL. The management found it impossible to produce ' Romeo and Juliet' at the Royal on Saturday. The tragedy will be presented to-night at 7.45 p.m. As Saturday night was devoted to a dress rehearsal, it may be ex pected that Miss Fanny Reid, in her first appearance in Adelaide, will find her com pany fully prepared to support her. 