THE MOUND-BUILDERS. remains of a great american people. Along the frontier of Mexico are the foot prints, or.e might say, of these prohistorio peo ples, and may;, a scientific Crusoe has seen, these footsteps and been startled. Builders, :of monumental mounds, cliff-dwellers, with a history whose pages have never been perused this mysteriously-moving, this ever-stirring, this nomadic nation left as slight a track among the mountains , of Mexico as do the Bedouins on the sandy Sahara. It is known that the mound-builders selected points of departure, for the south of Vancou ver's Island and the neighbouring mainland. Back of that period it appears impossible to trace them. Whether the wandering few re- ' riiainod there, and the curse of eternal : pro gress was lifted; whether fugitives from the! face of the terrible Tartar founded thore the nucleus of a new nation,, will all remain part of the archives guarded by time. Tlieir origin seems absolutely in oblivion. From this vicinity they are led by follow ing, the river courses through the passes of : the mountains into the great central basin of North America. The strange people had entered a continent untrod by man. About that tirno Troy was burning on the other side of the globe but the mound builders knew it not. Irresistibly they drifted, southward, striking the headwaters of the Missouri and Saskatchewan they, were conducted into the Mississippi Valley. In two great armies they wandered till they rosted on the banks of the Mississippi River, one army coming by, the Red River of the north and the other by the Missouri. They occupied the various tributaries "of the Mississippi, following them out with a wild instinct. Their wanderings did not cease' till their feet pressed the! Alleghanies, on the east, and till they stood in wonder ment by the dark blue waves of "the Mexican Gulf. They drifted into Gorgia and Florida, and al so crossed the' Rio Grand e into Mexico . High up on the face of cliffs along the deep canons of northern Mexico are tho caves of' these curious colonists, close to tho eyries of eagles, thousands of feet above the valleys.' ' In Bome cases a path just the width of a human foot leads frotm tho brink of 'the cliff above to the mouth of the caves, in nearly every instance a narrow lodge over grown with shrubbery. In theBO caves they lived and died. V . . The romains of ''the mound-builders are placed under, four' heads : First, mounds ; second, embankments or, ramparts; third, mines and : excavations ; fourth, arts , and manufactures. The mounds/,- are classed as . temple, altar, burial, observatory, , or, residence - mounds. Tho temple -mounds: are of various. forms and ; I sizes distinguished by: their trunkcated tops. : I The altar mounds consist of concentric layers of earth, sand, or gravel ; benoath this mound iB an altar or hearth of baked' earth, : evidently of sacred importance.' 1 In' the: burial mounds aro'even yet found the dusty , bones of 'this people, sealed in from the air for contutios. The observatory moundB are, Bimply signal .stations, along which com-., munications were,; passed between ommun-: Qties hundreds.pf Jniles, .apart.', -The , residence; mounds were, terraces, elevated above tho sur face : of ithe ;ground.!:.iTho-7gardenbeds and animal mounds of Ohio are a t part of , the great system of mound cities erected by those ancient gi ants. - In if act; ; the animal mou nds here; as f in " the north, are but, immense bas- relief s'of men, beasts, birds;' and reptiles. , The embankments and' ramparts are- classed as 'dofehsive'tand"1 religious. The fortifica-: tions manifest progress in the art of war at least as advanced; as, tho early Greeksarid Trojans. ' The religious enclosures were I Usually combinations of geometrical figures, in which perfect squares and circles are. found. The mining operations of the mound- builders were extensive. In the Lake Superior region they mined copper, in Mis souri galena, and in Mexico iron. They mined iron in pyrites. Elsewhere they quarried for mica and porphry. The arts and manufactures of this people were of considerable importance. After a rude but effective fashion they cast copper and iron, from which they not only manufac tured weapons, but also ornaments and coin. They were so distinguished in wrapping amulets in silver that the work could scarcely be distinguished from platting. Articles worked in gold have also been discovered in their caves and mounds. Their pottery was regular in form, though no traces have been found of a potter's wheel. The pottery was decorated with animal forms, arabasques, and geometrical figures incised with some sharp instrument. On their pipes was generally their most artistic work. They made cloth ' out of vegetable and animal fibre. A few statuettes and figures of animals have been exhumed from their mounds, which were thought by some to be idols, though incor rectly, for all research points to these wanderers as inconoclastic in high degree, and as being devoted to the sole worship of the sun, and to human sacrifice. A powerful priesthood and a widespread religious system is con sidered to have been paramount among, these fire-worshippers. The inference drawn from an examination of the monuments left bohind by these people is that they were exceedingly numerous!; that they were controlled by despotic power ; that they wore ono great race from Van couver's Island to Florida ; that their insti tutions were homogeneous ; that they were agriculturists, miners and artisans ; that they were far advanced in the science of war, especially in tho defence of gigantic fortified daces. ' ORTHODOX ANGLICAN DOCTRINE. The English Church teaches its Ministers to believe, to instruct' its Members' as follows T. To "believe " and acknowledge the Divine "authority" of '!" all the Canonical Scriptures Jof 'the Old and New Testament" (mentioned in the Gth of the 39 Articles of Religion of the. English Church), as " given by inspiration of God:" . 2\. 'As' they are to ".believe the endless happi ness of ; the righteous (the "accepted in"; Christ Jesus), so also to believe the endless punishment of the wicked, in " the bitter pains' of eternal death ; " by which is to bo ; understood (to adopt the words of ,tlie First Part of the Church Homily against the Fear of Death)' " an 'everlasting loss," without remedy; of the grace and favour of 'Grid; and of everlasting; joy, pleasure, and., frilicity," arid also. "the cbndemnation botli bf body and soul (without either appellation, or hope ; of redemption) unto everlasting pains in hell." i(3.'.-,T6 believe the foregoing doctrines, as. i taught in sucli portions of the Article's' and : Prayer' Book' and ! Ordinal, illustrated by the Homilies, of the English Church as have riot yet been placed before any Court of Final Appeal for its duo consideration,. so as to havo received any judicial decision baked upon the specihc evidence which they would supply, and furnish for its guidance. To reject as unscriptural, and as contrary to the English Church's teaching (ainbrig Other places, in the firs't and third exhortations arid the .second and' third and' eighth, collects of the' Baptismal: Servieos,) the. doctrine of un conditional " spiritual regeneration " by bap tism of any.of the recipients Of that sacrament : — -whether infants or adults ; arid to hold arid ; maintain tliat ungodly persons who give no no evidence of "spiritual regeneration " by fulfilling the baptismal, promise, although baptised'in infancy, have neither been " born of the Spirit " nor have experienced " tho re newing of the Holy Ghost ; but have forfeited all claim to be considered as spiritually rego- ! borate persons, and are to be exhorted , to . self- examination respecting, the manifestation in their lives of tho fruits of " spiritual rege neration," agreeably: with' the example of Part I. of the Church-Hoihily for Whit Sun day — endorsed by the 35th Article and the Rubric and tho Ordinal and the 46tli and 49tli Canons. And by "spiritual regeneration" to understa!nd the "new birth unto righteous ness " of the Church Catechism, as denoting the doing righteousmks attributed to the " born of God " in 1 John ii. 29. 5\. To reject as uuscriptural, and as con trary, to the" English Church's teaching, tho doctrine of the real presence of Christ's " body and blood " in or inside of (what the Rubric terms) " the consecrated bread and wine," (desoribed in " the prayer of conse cration " as God's oreatoues of bread and wine '.') at .the ordinance of tho Lord's Sup per ; wihich (as the 28th of the 39. Articles teaches) is a " sacrament of our redemption .by Christ's death ; " thereby excluding " the inward part or thing signified " from any local presence inside the sacramental sign : And to hold and maintain, with the judicious Hooker, that " the real presence of Christ's most blessed. body and blood is not therefore to besought for in the sacrament, but in the- worthy receiver of the sacrament And that (to adopt the terms . of Part'. I. of the Church-Homily concerning the Sacrament) " we must thon take heed, lest, of tho memory, it be made a sacrifice." ' 6. To reject as unscriptural, and as con trary to the English Church's teaching (among; other places in Part IL.of the Church-Homily on Repentanco) the practice of " auricular .confession'," and the. doctrine. that any minis-, terwhethor bishop, priest, or! presbyter or deacon— lias any authority or power judici- ally to " forgive " or " retain " Bins as offences against God Himself ; arid to hold and main tain, that no minister lias authority or power to do more concerning sins as offences against God Himself ("to whom only it appertaineth to forgive sins," as the Prayer Book teaches),! thanto "declare and pronounce "forgiveness" of sins to all those who " truly repent and unfeignedly believe His holy Gospel," and- to-; declare and pronounce retention of sins to all ' those who ao not truly repent and who dis-- believe His holy Gospel. 7\. To hold and maintain that the Rotnan Catholic denomination, or the Society of the Romish persuasion, and the adherents of the Romish system and superstition, form no true- Church (that is, Lord's-house) of Christ at all ; forasmuch as in it, neither " the pure- word of God is preached," nor " the sacra ments be duly administered according to- Christ's ordinance in all those things that of necessity be requisite to the same ;" and (an is declared in Part II. of the Church-Homily for Whit Sunday) of " the Uhurch of Rome . . _ . as it . ... hath been for the space of nine hundred years and odd," that " the state thereof" is "so far wide from the nature of the true Church, that nothing can be more," and that "tho bishops of Rome and their adherents are not the true Church of Christ, much less to be taken as chief- heads and rulers of the samo," so that (at the period of the Reformation) "if it" were " possible to be there, where tho true Church of Christ is not," then was " it at Rome." N.B. — To the 39 Articles (including the 35th, concerning the Homilies, that they " contain a godly and wholesome doctrine," etc.) all 'the clergy of the English Chureh solemnly subscribe their " assent," after having road them aloud to' the assembled < congregation. . "Happy is he that condemneth not him self in that thins: which - he alloweth." — Romans xiv. 22, From the Protestast Times. 