BESIDES the mining sections of the Land Bill, there are three features in that measure which will require very intelligent and vigilant attention, before it is allowed to pase through committee. It would be exceedingly gratifying to see the Assembly declare in favor of non-alienation for the whole bill, so as to save the reserves, put an end to auction sales, prevent what will some day be useful swamps, even if they are not useful now, from being swept away, and to squelch out that avaricious desire to secaro areas of land in fee-simple, which has been at the bottom of a great deal cf wrong already, but which will be productive of a hundred times more evil the future. But independently of what may occur in these respects, or what may be done on the auriferous question, as the bill is being threshed out in committee, there are three mani- fest defects in the bill, and the removal of these defects is indispensable tc prevent the measure from being pro ductive of an immensity of mischief. One of these defects is, tbat one person, or a syndicate of persons, could take up any number of the pastoral areas; the next ia that the right to leaee these areas is to be cold by auction; and the other is that, under the 99th section, there iB nothing to prevent nearly every closed road in the colony going by purchase to swell the big estates, whenever the appropriators of these roads chose to make a move for the purpose. In the part agricultural and part grazing branch of the bill, it is expreeely laid down that "not more than one grazing area lease shall be issued to any one person;" and, therefore, without a great deal of lying it would not be easy for one person to get hold of more than one of these part agricultural and part grazing selection?. But there is no such qualification to be found in the case of the pastoral areas; and, therefore, what would happen if the bill in this part were to pass as now framed? Obviously, that one person might "gobble up" half a dozen or more of these areas, and thus lease an enormous area of the public territory, which, whether he can get the fee-6imple or not hereafter, would certainly create a huge monopoly in his favor. Or, a few wealthy men might form a syndicate, and take up twenty or thirty of these areaB, and work them under one management, thus devoting scores of thousands of acres to the growth of cattle and sheep, without a dozen people perhaps occupying the whole of the amalga mated area. Both of these evils manifestly need to be cured as the bill is going through committee, so that no man can either hold, or be interested in, more than one of these pastoral areas; and unless this be done the monopoly which the bill will engender will be something stupendous, and something quite as bad as this community has ever had experience of since the white man first set foot in this region. Then as to the second of the three defects which we are confining ourselves to just now, the bill provides that these pastoral ai^eas shall be let by auction, and the highest bidder, in the shape of a premium, as a logical sequence, to get the lease. What would be the effect of such a provision as this passing into law t Clearly, that the man of small means would have no chance againBt the longer purse, as the longer purse would outbid him, and thus none but capitalists would get these holdings. This provision in the bill is not only unfair, but it is also unintelligent, because any land scheme we adopt should give all men a chance of getting these pastoral areas, and not a few only, or a manifest injustice, and a violation of what has always been our land creed, would be committed. This provision is copied from the Mallee Act. But experience has already shown tbat it should never have been made the law, even in that part of the colony, for it is notorious that under it one person has managed to get hold of one million five hundred thousand acres in tbat quarter. But if any excuse can be made for tbat result in the case of the mallee, which we cannot see ourselves, no excuse can be made for affiliating the same evil on the small pastoral areas iu the new bill, because' these areas can be taken np and worked-by. men with moderate means, if the law will only keep the long purses in subjection in this direction. The proper plan would be to throw open these pastoral areas for a certain time, and if at the end of that time there were more than one applicant the suc- cessful one should be determined by lot, for in tbat case all would have a chance of getting the lease, or, in other words, the long purse would have no greater " show " than the small purse; whereas if the bill were to remain as it stands now, the small purse would not have the ghost of a chance in the contest. The necessity, therefore, of amending this part of the bill must surely be felt by every member of the Assembly, since to leave it as it reads now would be to deny to the man of moderate means the least opportunity of getting one of these pastoral areas,. Then, as to the third defect in the bill, the 99 th clause should be swept away altogether, so that there would be no loophole for the monopolists of the public roads to get the fee-simple of thoBe thoroughfares. This part of the bill is the law of the land now, and a very bad law it is, and opportunity should be taken of the bill when it is passing through committee, to sweep such an abuse out of existence. For, under it, it has been quite possible for the feesimple of nearly every closed road in the colony to have been obtained; and the only wonder is that it has been so little understood in this way, although ignorance of such a law being in force, has no doubt saved the country from the outrage. This clause should be expunged from the bill, leaving the closed roads to be dealt with in another manner—dealt with in the only way in which they should be treated, namely, with a Ministerial ukase that if they were not thrown open by a certain date, the law would be put in motion against the holders for trespass, and a very stiff penalty should follow. To recapitulate, then—there wants such amendments made in the bill as that the cloBed roads could not be secured by purchase by the persons who have taken possession of them, that a person could not be interested in more than one of the pastoral areas, and that, instead of the lesseeBhip of these pastoral areas being determined by auction, it should be adjusted, when there are more than one applicant for any one of them, by lot. These are the methods to cure the three defects in the bill which we are just now pointing out; and we hope to see these methods applied to the bill before it emerges from committee. A little money, in the shape of premiums, would no doubt be lost to the State by such changes being made as we advise. But there would be far more than compensation for this sacrifice in other respects. Right would be> done, monopoly checked, and all applicants would start fair in the race for lotB. These are ends which we may well forego premiums to achieve, and to ensure justice alike to the applicants and the whole body of tbe people. IT is easy enough to predict what will be the result of the war which France has plunged into against China. The French will destroy all the arsenals, Government buildings, and towns on the coast line, and on the banks of the accessible rivers; for the Chinese works have no chance against the impact of the shots and shells which the heavy ordnanced French men-of-war can hurl agaiDSt, and throw into, those places. The French will then most likely send an expedition against Peking, in spite of the torpedoes, or any other device which the Chinese may adopt to prevent this act, and when the French have reached the walls of Peking, the Chinese will come to terms, as they have done more than once before, agree to a truce and peace, and pay whatever indemnity the French may determine to exact in return for having embarked in the conflict. All these predictions, we think, may be safely indulged in just now, for the Chinese ships and Chinese troopB have no chance against the superior strategy and equipment of the French ; and a very striking instance of this fact is supplied by the performances which the French have already executed against the Celestials in destroying the arsenal at Foo Chow, and sinking most of the Chinese vessels which took part in the contest-. The Chinese are evidently being misled by the war party in the State, as they have been misled, to their cost, by the same party before; and they are sure to have to pay very dearly for this bad advice, or bad control; for, with all their- hordes, we repeat, they cannot withstand European vigor, or European war vessels, and European troops, as they have neither the prowess, nor the warlike means in othef directions, for the purpose. Humiliation will, therefore, be their fate in this war, as in their other wars with the West, although, no doubt, a great deal of blood will be shed, and property sacrificed, before the Chineee realise the mistake which they have made in not bestowing more respect upon the good advice tendered to them by the peace party at home, and making the best terms possible with France to get out of the muddle which the affray at Lang- Son occasioned. But, notwithstanding the mistake which the Chinese have made in trying armed conclusions with France, the equities of the case would seem to be on their side; and this is shown in a very clear manner by an extract from the London Standard, which appeared in yesterday's Telegraph. In this extract, thecase is reviewed by an evidently impartial and well-informed pen; and, assumingthe narrative to be correct,, then the Frenchhave no warrant for the war into which they .have plunged, while the Chinese are entitled to the utmost commisera-. tion for the very unpleasant situation in - which they suddenly find themselves placed. The writer in the Standard points out that General MILLOT, the French commander in Tonquin, was too precipitate in seeking to obtain possession of Lang-Son, and that but for thiB precipitancy there would have been no -collision between the French and Chinese thereatall. Lang-Sen is on the border of mountainous China, and contains a considerable number of women and children. The Chinese Governor had to arrange a commissariat for all these people before be could evacuate the place with them, and escort them the -long distance he would, have to go before he would reach Chinese settlements which would afford, them proper shelter. Geheral MILLOT, however, scorned all these considerations, and insisted upon-Lang-Son being given up to the French within three days;after the French .detachment appeared on the scene; and as the Chinese did not commence to clear -out at the expiration of that time, a small body of French attacked the town, and sustained a defeat. For this defeat, the Chinese were called upon to disavow the act of their officer, and pay £10,000,000 as an indemnity to France; and the Chinese authorities decided to do neither, as they declare that it was the fault of the French themselveB that the collision occurred, and that if the French leader had not been in such a hurry to get into the place, the Chinese would have gone otit, without any fighting, as soon as the necessary and indispensable preparations for the evacuation had been made. The account taken from the Standard iB declared to be authentic ; and, if so, then there can be no doubt that the French brought all the trdbble upon themselves at Lang-Son by their own precipitancy; in which case they canshape no valid excuse for demanding an indemnity from, or chastising, China over that occurrence. As the correspondent of the Standard very properly puts it, internationallawallowsall reasonable latitude, or time, for the evacuation of a place given up by treaty; but this reasonable latitude, or time, was not conceded by the French commander to the Chinese commander in Lang-Son; so that it is the French who are to blame for the difficulties which have followed. They refused to take into account the preparations necessary to shift a whole settlement of men, women, and children into China proper; and it was'in sheer self-defence alone, therefore, that the Chinese resisted theentry of the French; and if all that the correspondent of the Standard says be correct, itiB no wonder that the Chinese showed themselves so belligerent on the occasion. There was no pressing necessity for occupation on the one side, but there was great need of delay on the other; and it was through not taking a genial look at the case from these points of view that the French brought on the collision, which is likely to eventuate so seriously to the Chinese before the whole affair is over. The blame of the rupture must, therefore, fall upon' the French, who have shown in this case, as in so many other cases of late, a spirit of domina- tion which is not nice 'to observe, and which may, sooner or later, bring larger troubles .upon themselves, if they don't soon display a more rational, conciliatory, and becoming spirit. All the same, however, there can be no doubt as to what will be the end of the war which they have now embarked in against the Chinese. The French will get the best of the fight, making the Chinese pay a still heavier indemnity before peaceful arrangements ensue, and in the meantime plunge the Chinese empire into wide and disastrous loss of both property and life. This will be the case, no matter on which side the blame for the imbroglio lies, or how hard the Celestials may struggle to ward off the blows and strategic movements of their assailants. The Chinese have plenty of men to put into the field. But in spite of European instructors and European arms, there is no making them into soldiers to withstand the onslaught of French troops. Neither can they stand against the French marine, for their seamen fighting force is of the most puerile kind, and their ship power of the very weakest. A strong determination was expressed in various quarters yesterday to oppose the reelection of Mr Henry Cathbert for the Wellington Province, in consequence of hiB action in connection with the Mining on Private Property Bill, and Beveral suitable candidates were mentioned. Mr David Ham, who is in Sydney, having been communicated with, the following reply was received from him by telegram yesterday morning:— "Thanks for your consideration. Cannot accept responsibility. Thank the party." At a meeting of electors held in Ballarat last night, it was deoided to present a requisition to Mr James Long, of Ballarat East, asking him to contest the Beat. The attendance was a very inSnential one, and the utmost confidene was expressed that Mr Long would secure the seat if he consents to stand. We understand Mr Long will accept the requisition, as he has intimated his willingness to do so if assured of a fair amount of support, and that support was pledged to him last night. The electors of the Wellington Province will rejoice to see Mr Long In the field, not only on account of the formidable opposition he will be to Mr Cuthbert, but also because he is sure to make an excellent representative when a member for the province in the Legislative Council. The address of Mr Thomas Dowliog to the electors of the Nelson Province will be found in our advertising columna to-day. Mr Dowling stands in opposition to Mr Bromell, the old representative of the province. It was stated at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, that enough dynamite is stored in business places in Ballarat to blow the city np. The subject was opened by a letter from the ironmongers requesting the council to assist in a movement to get the Government to erect a storehouse for dynamite in the powder magazine reserve. As a matter of fact, the Government will not permit dynamite to be stored -in powder magazines, and yet it has no place built to store it in in any of tbe inland centres of population. Dealers in this dangerous compound are compelled consequently to keep it in their business premises, and it is nothing uncommon for as much as five cases to be kept at one shop. Councillor Thompson said that in one town it had been known that as much as 1000 ponnds of dynamite was stored in one shop, and the authorities of an np-country municipality had only a few days ago asked bim to bring the matter before the City Council. Councillor Hickman mentioned that for want of a proper Btore for the explosive the price for it in Ballarat was unnecessarily high, and dealers were hampered in their purchases. Tbe mayor reminded the council that an explosives commission which about two years ago visited Ballarat, recommended that separate magazines for dynamite should be erected, bat successive Governments had ignored the subject. It was finally resolved by the counoil to bring the matter before the Government, and to nrge tbe members of the district to insist upon it« receiving attention. It will have been seen by the prize list of tbe School of Deaign, published in' The •Courier last week,' that Ballarat still continues to hold tho premier position in the oolony, so far effective art education goes. While Melbourne, with I8S0 pnpils, carried off 42 prizes; Ballarat, with only"272 pupils, carried off 27 prizes; Sandhurst, with 243 pnpils, 11 prizes; and Geelong, with 71 pnpils, 4 prizes. Ballarat particularly ehines in the prizes taken for success at examinations—which'all who are familiar with art education know to be the o&ty; satisfactory test of thorough art instruction in this colony at present. The . Hon. Henry Cuthbert's nomination paper as a candidate for the Wellington province was lodged with the returning officer yesterday. At the Connty Court yesterday, hia Honor Judge Trench gave his reserved decision in the test case of the Ballarat East Local Board of Health v M'Cafferty, to recover £5 5s 6d. for the formation of a lane. The action was brought under sections 47 of Act 310 and 23 of Act 524. The point raised by Mr Gannt was -whether the jndge had sufficient ' jurisdiction to hear the case, as the Aot provided for recovery before two justices. Mr Finlayson argned that tbe debt was recoverable atoording to the County Court Act, and quoted cases In support of his arguments. His fionor said he had been put to a good deal, of trouble by the Intricacies of the caBe. The* whole ca88 turned upon the time, the justices having jurisdiction only within tbe twelve months. : The remedy was sought before the justices, and they determined the action was not taken in . time. It was sot easy for him to' come to' a decision. .If the board of health considered it embarrassing that they should -be held to the twelve months to enforoe their remedy, . .they . shonld consider whether a listle legislation was not necessary to clear up any doubt upon the dont>ta qaestion. He bad npon the oase cited by Mr Finlaj.." 0 b ?' a ' rnIed the court bid no jarfsdiot.' 0 ?' *** nonsuited the pJaintiffe, with £7103 6tt COBts - At the Court of Mines, yesterday, the adjourned case of the City of B» Companyr t&settie; the list of contribnto^" 1 ® 8 'i on for hearing. It wiH be remembe^3 th ?* m an order was made for the banks to ^ to the liquidator's aocotmt the £4000 paid «*? them by ho the (K. Hn^^.to, liquidator, „„ ss the proceeds 0. the sale of the company's property. This had not been done, and as his Honor wonld not proceed to settle the list of contributorics until it had been effected, the case was again adjourned till the 17th September. The reduction of the charitaUe^vote to the Benevolent Asylum by the Baninyongshire Council was the snbject of some diBcnsBion at the committee meeting of the asylum last night. The grant was formerly £100. It was then reduced to £80, and subsequently to £50. On it being thuB reduced the committee directed a letter to be Bent to the conncil asking for a continuance of the £100 vote. This letter was Bimply received, and last night a committee consisting of Messrs J. Russell, J. J. Fitzgerald, J. Phillips, J. T. Phillips, and O. E Edwards was appointed to wait upon tbe council and ask them to reconsider their decision. At the Town Police Court yesterday, a small boy named David O'Eourke, thirteen yearaof age, was charged with house-breaking. In answer to the charge, the boy pleaded guilty, and said, "I took some cake, and Kelly (already convicted) some bread and meat and a shirt." According to Inspector Parkinson, the lad was incorrigible. Not long since he stole a watch, but was let off. Sincethat he had run away, and bad been leading a vagabond life. It was known that he had committed eight different offences in all parts of the district, inolnding Brobmfield, where be broke into a house. He {Inspector Parbin- Bon) thought it would be best to Bend the boy to the Beformatoiy. The father of the boy, a miner,, was called, and stated that he W&B; nnable to control the boy. Mr Long, J.P., remarked, "I would not make such a confession. I would subdue him, or do something to him." Mr O'Rourke said he had beaten the boy until he was ashamed of himBelf. The lad was then ordered to be sent to the Reformatory until he reached the age of seventeen years, The champion meeting, nnder the auspices of the Ballarat Coursing Club, which commences on Thursday next, has drawn forth numerous entries of leading greyhounds of the season, and a successful gathering IB confidently anticipated, many entries being pro- mised from members of the metropolitan clubs. We, therefore, remind owners that nominations close to-morrow, at half-past four p.m., and the draw will take place half an honr later. Holiday exoursion fares will be charged from Ararat and Beanfort, and from ClnneB, Creswick, and Ballarat to the plumpton platform, and as the entrance to the plumpton is reduced to Is, and a firstclass luncheon will be provided on the ground at Is 6d, patrons will be able to have a pleasant outing at a very reasonable cost. At the Benevolent Asylum committee meeting last night, Mr Fitzgerald mentioned the fact that there were two incurable patients in the Hospital, who had been there for two years and a half. He submitted that the Hospital was no place for them, and nrged that the Benevolent Asylum should receive them. There is no room at present in the asylnm, but it was stated that the incurables mentioned would be admitted as soon as possible. A constable of police at Haddon reported to the committee of the Benevolent Asylnm, laBt night, that a Chinaman named Ah Ling was in tbe habit of selling tbe rice he received from the institution. The committee resolved that the rice-seller wonld not again sell the provisions donated to him by the institution, We are glad to learn that the efforts of the Ballarat Anglers' Association, with the assistance of Mr P. Hedrick, have been successful in acclimatising the English trout in Williamson's Creek, near Bnninyong. Yesterday Mr Hedrick forwarded to Mr John Whitehouse, treasurer of the association, a trout about 8 inches in length and in good condition, which had been caught by a resident in the locality. Mr Hedrick, in a letter, says :—" I beg to send you the first trout from Williamson's Creek that I have seen. . . . I hear there are plenty of them in the creek, bat tbe people down there did not know what kind of fish they were." This will be gratifying news to anglers, and we trust the residents on tbe borders of the creek will take every means for the protection of the fish againBt poachers. A girl named Alice Graham was bronght before the town magistrates yesterday, on a charge of having no lawful means of support. Mr Stedman appeared on her behalf, and said that she was now in a respectable situation in Ballarat West. Inspector ParkinBon said that there had been complaints about the accused and others, and that was why she had been arrested. He had heard since that she was in a situation, and he suggested that she shonld be remanded for a week, and in the meantime enquiries would be made as to whether she was in a respectable situation or not. She was remanded accordingly, and admitted to bail in her own recognisance. A fire occurred at Little Bendigo on Sunday morning, when a two-roomed weatherboard house, the property of Mr Oscar Skogland, was burnt to tbe groand. The building was insured. The fire cannot be accounted for, and is Bnpposed to have been the work of an incendiary. A man named James Walker was proceeded against at the Town Police Court by his wife, Catherine Jane Walker, on a charge of assault. The parties rcBide in Wills street, and, according to the story of the wife, a cripple, she had been subjected to illtreatment for years past. Last Saturday her husband knocked her head against the wall. In cross-examination she denied that she was ever the worse for drink. The evidence of Mrs Walker was corroborated by a neighbor named Samuel Gladman. Mr Gladman added that Walker threatened to do for his wife before the night was over, and said that the first time he put hie hands on her he would have her life. Walker was also charged with making use of obscene language in the street. Constable Goan proved the offence, and defendant was fined 20s. On the other charge he was ordered to find one surety of £25, to keep the peace towards his wife, and everyone else, for six months. Mayor Walker and Messrs Robertson, Long, and Fitzgerald, J.P., occupied the bench. It appears that the last has not yet been heard of tbe youthfal criminals who acknowledged yoang O'Rourke as their daring leader. At tbe City Police Court yesterday, Adam Carlton (aged eleven), Robert Phillips (aged eleven), and Edward Kelly (fifteen years of age) were charged with, on the 14th instant, feloniously stealing 14a from the till of Saanders' hotel. Constable Healey arrested tbe boys whilst they were sleeping in an old threshing machine in the Market square. O'Rourke evidently rnled the boys sternly, one of them saying that he joined the gang bccause O'Rourke threatened to give him a good hiding. Prisoners were remanded till Friday next. Mr D. Fitzpatrick, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday morning. The Chinaman, Young Wee, arrested by Sergeant Eaaon for breaking a pane of glass, valued at 25s, rfas discharged, as it was shown a boy had broken the window. Mrs Mary Ann Crews, residing in Peel street, was admitted to the Ballarat Hospital yesterday Buffeting from a fractured leg, caused through falling over some obstacle while engaged in some domestic occupation. A Chinaman named Ah Coon, while working with some mates in a mine at little B°ndigo yesterday, had the big toe of his left foot BO badly hurt that amputation fit the Ballarat Hospital was necessary The ease of the United Hand-in-Hand and Band of Hope Company, Registered, to admit proofs of debt, was heard at the Coart of Mines yesterday, when, after several proofs had been passed, an adjournment was, made till the 17th September. A woman, who is a stranger to Ballarat, was arrested by the Black Hill poliee yesterday, whilst in the " horrors." She was 80 violent that a passing dray was hailed, and the unfortunate woman had to be tied down to prevent her frota injuring herself. She was taken to the Town lock-up, but as It was deemed advisable, in ber own Interests, to bave her immediately attended to, Mr Fitzgerald, J.P., was sent for, and be remanded her until'the 1st September. In tbe meantime she will be treated by the gaol doctor. The' Alfred Hall was once more filled last night, "when tbe final Salvation Army meeting in connection with the visit of Colonel Broth and Major Howard took place. Colonel Booth was not able to be present, bnt Majors - Howard, Barker, and Tnurman, . Capt. Edward* and Staff-offioer Holrnan, took part, whilst the mayor of Ballarat East end Messrs Blrtchnell, Cooke, and Alleb occupied eeats upon the platform. Major Barker delivered an interesting address, and related tbe case of a girl who, having been seduced, was on the point of throwing herself into the Yarra, when something „. caused her to ohange - tr ^ C * me to t A 1 ( ? M " Jor He wonld n6ver forget the expres- P° tbe P 00r y°. nn g woman's faee, but ho w a ® °»PPy.t? 8»Jhad retraced her steps, I fpo the spirit of God worked in her. Major Howard spoke next, and took tbe ia~ge assemblage as an expression of the fueling with which the Salvation Army trot looked upon in Ballarat. Major Thurman referred to the work in South Australia, and caused some amusement by a description of the army's attack on the devil at Clare, Where the people were cf a rough class. When it was announced that the army was coming, rotten eggs were sold at 6d a dozen, and ho assured them that the officers had a lively time of it. But splendid work had been done there since. Major Barker said, instead of rotten eggs, some person sent a basketful of fresh ones to the Melbourne barracks the other day. Mayor Walker also spoke, and expressed an opinion that the Salvation Army was doing good. Tbe meeting was very saccessfal. The Rev. J. Walker wrote to the City Council yesterday, pointing out tbat the Bouth end of Daveton street was useless for thoroughfare pnrposes, and stating that as he wished to make some Improvements to his property in the vicinity, he desired to pnrchase it. The mayor stated at tbe conncil meeting that the ground in question was of no use whatever for street purposes, and on his suggestion the rev. gentleman's application was referred to tbe finance committee for report. Ae Mrs D. Thomas, with her daughter and a little boy, were driving along the Creswick road on Saturday afternoon in a buggy, one of tbe bolts of the ebaft became loose, and the horse, becoming restive, threw the ocoupants of the vehicle violently on to the road. Mrs and Miss Thomas were badly shaken, while the boy was rather severely injured. It was stated at the meeting of the City Council, yesterday, that local medical practitioners had experienced considerable difficulty.in getting calf lymph for vaccination purposes. It was nrged that in view of the Bpread of small-pox, and the desirability of general re-vaccination, that the Government shonld be desired to furnish sufficient supplies of calf lymph, and Councillor Smith was asked to bring tbe subject up in the House. Colonel Booth, on Sunday, read some statistics, showing the wonderful progress of the Salvation Army, which he thought could fairly claim to be tbe largest missionary society in the world. The operations of the Salvation Army extended at tbe present time over eighteen oountries and coloniee. In January, IS83, there were 440 stations, and the number now was 860. On that date there were 1118 officers, but at the present day the number was 2051, and the operations extended to the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland, Sweden, America, Australia, India, Ceylon, New Zealand, and Tasmania. Over 300 villages in England were attended to, and the work bad developed rapidly in India. In the United Kingdom the army had 846 buildings in constant nse. Of these forty-six were theatres, nine were circuses, eighteen were skating rinkB, twenty-three musio halls, and ten drill halls. In London the thirty-eighth barracks had been built, and in less than two years ha'd increased its sitting accommodation by 30,000. In the United Kingdom there was sitting accommodation for 560,000 people, and abroad 190,000, and it was estimated that fully 2,000,000 people used the bnildings. It was also estimated tbat 8000 indoor and 7000 ontdoor meetings were held every week, and that these services were attended by nine millions of people. The expenditure last year amounted to £395.000, and with the exception of £100,000, the whole amount was contributed by the soldiers. At the Ballanshire Council meeting yes- terday, Councillor Shaw was unanimously elected president. An allowance was voted to the president of £50. The epidemic of measles is at present very prevalent in Ballarat, several caseB being reported. Some persons a " larkin'" lifted the sign from Miss Darley's registry office, in Grenville street, on Saturday night late, and having deported it to Wills street, handed !t violently through one of tbe front windows of Mr Truscott's boarding-house, smashing 10s worth of glass in doing BO. The police would like the gentleman who thus donated Mr Truscott with the sign-board to leave his address and particulars of his frolic at one of the local polioe stations. A convicted thief named Thomas Arnold was yesterday brought, on habeas corpus, from Melbcurne to the City lock-np to answer a charge of larceny here. Arnold is believed to be the individual who, on the 3rd of last month, visited Mr S. Abraham's jewellery establishment, and asked to be shown some diamond rings. When handed some rings to look at, the individual in question bolted with one valued at £25. Arnold will be brought up at the City Police Court to-day. Two suitors at the County Court a short time since got over their little difficulty in a very satisfactory manner. They had weited for some days for their case to be heard; and disgusted with the wearisome progress made, told their troubles to a well-known frequenter of the club, who in some ten minutes had so well arranged matters that the liti gants shook hands, and returned to their respective homeB rather delighted. At this time eacli case at the court, no matter how trivial, occupied about two dayB. The first board meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association was held in Mr Spain's late offices, yesterday afternoon. There was a large Attendance. The Rev. J. W. Inglis, senior vice-president, presided in the unavoidable absence of the Bishop of Ballarat, the president. The mfnates of the preliminary and public meetings were read for the .information of the board. A report from the site committee, in re tbe deputation, was received and adopted. The committee was re-appointed, with some additional names, with power to act in the matter. Mr W. Herbert Jones was unanimously appointed to the important office of general secretary. It was resolved to engage the suite of rooms lately occupied by Mr Spain, corner of Sturt and Lydi&rd; streets, as temporary premiseB. These, when nicely furnished, will make very oonvenient and central rooms pending the erection of the proposed buildings, and it ia hoped in a few weeks they will be ready for the use of members. A request from the Sandhurst association to be supplied with Mrs Hampson's portraits, to be sold for the benefit of the association there, was cordially granted. Mr ThoB. Pope was elected treasurer, vice Mr W. H. Figgis, who was unable to act, MesBrB W. H. Figgis, J. Keisall, jun., and R. A. Armstrong were elected members of the board. The board will meet again on Monday next, at four p.m. The Ballarat and District M.I. Union have received several valuable additions to their competition prize list, besides those donations previously acknowledged through oar columns, viz.:—The Ballarat Evangelical Alliance, £5 5i ; -Rev. W. L. Morton, £2 2s; Mr J. J. Goller, £2 2«; Mr D. Cooke, £1; Mr J. B. Pearson, 10s 6d; and Mr D. J. Wheal, 10a 6d. The Evangelical Alliance and the Rev. W. L. Morton's prizes are for Scriptural snbjectB, and the remaining donations will be at the discretion of the aommittee to arrange for the subjects for eompetition. At the next committee meeting these witl be arranged, and the prize-list, with extra additions, circulatedamong tbe associations. The nnion 5s gradually wisning its way, and is receiving encouragement on all sfdee, and the coming j competition is expeeted to eclipse farmer ones. _ Mr T. Mitchell, of Linton, on Saturday last shotra brace of snipe at Emu Creek, near Lrnton. The brace measured 32-incheB from tip to tip of the wing. These are the first snitoe of the season that have bee* killed! The Ballarat Grand Handicap Champion Pigeon Mateh will be held on Thursday, the 11th September—tbe day before the Ballarat liirf and Hunt Club races. Tbe match will be for n&sors;, and be open to all tbe colonies. The prizes will be—First prize, 100 aovs; tecond priie, 60 BOVB; third prize, 25 aovi; and the nomination will 'beS«ovi, and the acceptance 3 BOVB. Fall particulars of this .attractive matoh will be found in our advertising columns, It will be remembered (says the Age) that a few days ago, owing to the crossing points at the Bunyin station not being in" proper working orfor, a looomotive, tender, and two passenger carriages ran off the line just m the train left the «tstion, An enquirv »«« held Into the mattci*. and the evidence closed the faottbat the losk-bai-, which hoM the points in position, wS» not fitted with a "cotter." The board of enquiry, in its re port to the Railway Comnueflonere, etated that there were grave doubts nr to whether the points had been tampered with or not The aommissioners have, however, given tho stationmaBter the benefit of the doubt he has been fined 40s and informed thai-It his duty to see that the points are in pfoner working order. Instructions to the effect have been forwarded to all etatfen masters, with a caution thit if there Is negligence in thie respect it will be met severe punishment. Mr Copeland, of the Sydney Bicycle Cluh, passed through Chiltero on .-aturday, having rested for refreshments at Denamiel's hotel for one hour. He exacted to reach Melbenrne on Monday night or Tuesday. The chairman of the board of examine™ for solictor (Mr W H. Croker) ba. notified (says the Telegraph), as the centra 0f th» recent examinations, that Messrs Frank P Brett,. John E. Dixon, Richard H Perrv" and_ James K. Smh b have successfully passed their final examinations for admission as solicitors. The selection of shetr for the diansimd drills to be employed at the expense of the Government upon the seven miniDg districts of the colony will probably (BayB the Am\ k» finally determined this week. Mr Ri-KinaM Murray, geologrcal surveyor, who wis „ quested to report upon the most eiieifeU sites upon which the drills enuld be started has supplied the Minister of Mines with the desired information, and a &jal; selection will be made in the course of a few days after which boring operations are to be' commenced with as little delay as possible. The project for founding the Leopold Working Men's College, formed by the Hon Francis Ormond, M.L.C., on the one hand' and the general public on the other, appears (says the Telegraph) to be almost in abeyance. The main condition has not yet been fulfilled" So little has been heard of the undertaking on the part of the public lately, that we feared it might have slipped from their memory perhaps, and that Mr Ormond's munificence had met with no response, On enquiry, however, we find that the' subscription lists are still out, and tbat money is being collected. Efforts have been made by the committeo to forward the scheme as rapidly as possible; but, owing to various causes, the progress hitherto has not been of an altogether cheering description. The slackness in several branches of industry accounts in a measure for the backwardness of the subscription lists, and it is eaid that a feeling of apprehension concerning the continuity of the design for the establishment of the college in its presont form keeps some from subscribing. About forty persons (says the Argus) attended a public meeting held at Mantfieldon Saturday, at the instigation cf the local shire council, for the purpose of discussing the conduct of Mr J. H, GraveB, member for Delatite in the Legislative Assembly. The president of the snire occupied the chair. The following resolution was propoeed by Councillor Crockett, and carried:—'-That in the opinion of this meeting tho Ministry deserve the cordial assistance of the House and support of tho conntry in perfecting their measures, and that we disclaim any sympathy with the waste of time caused by a few gentlemen in opposition, in which we regret Mr J, H. Graves, our member, takeB part." It is satisfactory (says the Telegraph) to be able to state that the girlB who have been reclaimed by the Salvation Army and eent to Bituations are giving satisfaction to their employers in nine cases out cf ten. During the past week five young women who were taken from the streets were Bent to the Hoflce at Geelong, and two to situations. There are now in the Filzroy Home twentyone females. During the past week the Female Prison Gate Brigade have supplied, free of charge, 441 meals and 137 beds; while the Male Brigade has supplied 445 meals and 166 beds. The headquarters of the aTmy continue their appeal for provisions and clothing to enable them to carry on the work. One of the latest conversions to the Salvation Army in Sandhurst (says the Bmdigo Advertiser) is a young policeman, who has been stationed in Sandhurst for somo months past. At two of the meetings conducted by tho army on Sunday, the new convert related hie "experiences," and hia comrades have a fear that the "Boldier" may, in a state cf religious excitement, discloBe matters not at present known outside the force. Up to the present, however, no harm bas been done, A farmer named James Affleck, residing at Guildford, was arrested (says tbe M. A. Mail) on Saturday by Constable Williamson, and brought into Castlemaine and lodged in the watchhouee, on a charge of attempting to commit a rape upon a married woman named Catherine Tognalli, also a resident of Guildford. It appears that Allieck had gone to the house of the prosecutrix on Friday in a Bemi-drunken state, and after conversing with her for eome titne endeavored to commit the offence. She resisted his attempts, and subsequently gave information to the police. MrG. W. Greenhill, J.P., attended at the lock-np on Saturday afternoon, and remanded the accused to appear at the Castlemaine police court on Friday, when it is probable a further remand to Guildford will be applied for. Bail was allowed, accused in £100, and two Buretiea of £100 each. The amounts were forthcoming, and accused was liberated. It is most unusual (remarks the Bendigo Advertiser) for snakes to be seen at the present season of the year, but on Thursday last, which waB a rather warmer day than has been experienced for some time, Mr F, Code, when walking through his paddock at Sweeney's Creek, on the M'lvor road, was very nearly treading on one of the reptiles of the black species. After it had been killed, it was measured, and found to be within a couple of inches of 6 feet in length. Hundreds of adults (says the World) are being vaccinated every week at Sandhurst from the calf, by Dr O. Penfold. At the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute, in cutting tbe plat for the croBscut at present being driven at the 1452 level a somewhat peculiar mineral was met with. When first exposed to the air (says the Bendigo Independent) it is brilliant, though soft and pasty, but on exposure it becomes dry, and then resembles asbeBtos andalso ksolinite, fromwhieh porcelain is made. Mr R. Brough Smyth, of the School of Mines, states that it is pholerite. A woman residing at Smeaton (says the irorW) is supposed to have found the gold lost by the officers of the Bank of Australasia on Wednesday laBt, but she denies any knowledge of it. In connection with Bmall-pox and vaccination, it is interesting to observe (writes Health) that during 18S3 only twenty-six caseB of small-pox occurred in New York; while between May, 1883, and April, 1SS4, not a single case was reported. In New York efficient means are taken in the shape of a City Board of Health for the supervision of the sanltaiy welfare of the New Yorkers. Only emigrants are required to undergo compulsory vaccination. The people of New York protect themselves efficiently by vaccination, withont compulsion by law. Antivaccination arguments have no influence on the other side of the Atlantic; hence the freedom of the great American city from Bmall-pox. Inducements to resist a measure whioh has been abundantly proved to be pro- tective against small-pox being absent, the people obey the laws of health- science, and, as a result,, enjoy an immunity from the disease in question. The San Francisco correspondent of the South Astatrulkm Advertiser spends the following goBsip in reference to tho virtues of the Australian eucalyptus:—"A further use ba& been found in this State for the Australian gum tree, «o nnch desired by colonists, and o much esteemed by Americaas, particularly of the Califeniian persuasion. First, tbe gum was a preventative of malaria, then it was. asefol to eare an unmentionable disease, then an eraoWoa wss made froa the leaves that was a dead shot for consumption, then a leaf or two worn in the hat would cure baldness, and ao on. Now the mechanical engineers have taken hold of it,, and a large mansfaotory bas been started in Sanceliito, near San Francisco, for diBtiillng the essential properties of the foliage, the product to ** nsed for preventing the scaling of engine boilers." 