Mi uh Prctm Tramps are not afraid of cross roads. It is the cross dogs along the roads that make them timid. 'How can a woman tell us the title of a recent poem. Humph. How can she help telling?' ' The gain on a flock of sheep may be called a wether profit,' says one. ' Good for ewe,' says the other. 'Why, what is the matter with Frank? He is generous to a fault.' '' Yes,'' said Fogg, ' if the fault happens to be his own.' 'Can yoa tell me what time it is?' a«kad a lady, while waiting in a bank, ' No, no ; I am not the teller. Next window, please.' Fogg complains that he got nothing by com plaining to his landlord. It was like patting a new piece of cloth into an old garment. Tae rent was made worse. 'I'd like to give you a piece of my miad, Mrs. Smiggs.' 'I wouldn't talk of impossi bilities, Mr. Smiggs ; the article yoa speak of is too small to be divided.' A New York doctor knows of a husband who kissed his wife on the ear and ma'Je her deaf. She would not have been deaf if he had kissed some other man's wife, and it had come to her ears. 'Why don't you get up as early as you used to a few months ago ?'' angrily asked a wife of her lazy husband. 'Because, my dtar, it's sleep year,' he grinned, as he turned over for another snooze. 'Ma,' said Mary Parvenu, 'they say young Mr. Fiddlestick embezzled— what's that?' 'Oh,' said Mrs. Parvenu, 'it'-i sorter embroidery on paper, like what artists does in Rome and other French cities.' ' You see,' said a lawyer, in summing up a case where one party had sued the other on a transaction ia coal — 'you see, the coal should at once have gone to the buyer.' ' Mot so,' interrupted the judge; 'it should have gone to the cellar.' Johnny came home from school the o\her day very much excited. ' What do you think, pa ? Joe Stewart, one of the big boye, had an argument with the teacher about a ques lion in grammar.' What position did Joa lake?' 'His last position was across a chair, face down.' 'Your father was nothing but a simple bricklayer,' said a buy to his schoolfellow, with whom he was quarrelling. 'I know where you got that information,' quietly re marked the other. 'From whom did I get it?» 'From your father.' 'How do yoa know that?' ' Because your fa'uer was my father's hod- carrier.' When a diplomatist was asked to give an ambassador a few hints as to the conduct; of diplomatic intercourse, he quietly answered — ' Take snuff and stand with your back to the window.' ' ? Why ?'' asked his interlocutor. ' That is plain enough,' w*s the reply. ''With your back to tbe light, the expression of your features is less visible. If yoa take snuff, every convenient pinch affords yoa time to think over your replies.' Foreman — ' I have given orders thtt any man found in a drinking -saloon shall be im mediately discharged.' Foreman'^ friend— 'Why Bill, I oijn't know yoa w&s; a temperance man. Yoa always used to take your pizen regularly.' Foreman — ' Yes, that's just it. It I keep the men out of the salooiis the concern won't be apt to know that 1 vi⁢ them, don't you see ?'' Ho was a reporter of a local newspaper. He came into the office of the district postmister, as was his wont, and asked if there wa-j any newt*. 'Me, nothing much,' carelessly re plied one of the officials. ' Have you heard of the new oider?'' 'What new order?' . eagerly asked tbe reporter, making a more for his pencil. 'Why, that the Postmaster General is not goiog to issue the post-cards any longer.1' ?' 'Where did you get your informa tion?' 'Well, we haven'c any official in formation yet. ; but we know it is so.' 'That will be a great, hardship to the poor,' ven tured the reporter. ' ' I don't see no w it will,' replied the official. ' ' I suppose it is done on account of tbe loss oa the parcel post.' ' No, that isn't the reason ; filr. Fawcett decided not to make them any longer,' spake up another official. ' Well, what is the reason, then?' asked the now desperate reporter. ' Why, simply because they are long enough now ! The Postmaster - General aad the people are very well satisfied with the present length.' The door slammed hard as the reporter went oat. The life of Dr.|Rafiles, of Liverpool, has the following : — ' A young lady, the daughter of the owser of the house, was addressed by a man who, tnougn agreeable to ner, was -us- liked by her father. Of course he would not consent to their union, and she determined to elope. The night was fixed, the hoar came, he placed the ladder to the window, and in a few minutes the was in bis arms. They mounted a doable horse, and were soon at some distance from the boose. After a while the lady broke silence by saying, 'Well, yoa see what a proof I have given yoa of my affection ; I hope yoa will make me a good husband,* He was a surly fellow, and gruffly answered : ' Per haps I may, and perhaps not.' She made him no answer, bat after a silence of some minutes she suddenly exclaimed, 'Ohl what shall I do ? I have left my money, behind me in my room.' 'Then,' said he, *we most go back and fetch &' They were soon again at tte . house, the ladder was again placed, the lady remounted, while the fiT-natared lover waited below. But she delayed: to come, and »ob* gently called, 'Are you ooming f when the fookedontofthe window, and said, 'Perhaps I may; and perhaps not,' and then shut down thewindow, and left him to return upon tbe doable horse alone.' It was Apopijbxy.— ' I like to know if I ▼has protected by der law V he asked, »» he softly entered the Central Station. 'Jut as much as anybody else,' replied the captain, as lie looked up from bis monthly report. 'Vhell, dis morning a man oomesinmeia saloon and says be likes to get warm. Dot vhas all right, and Z tells him to take some abalrs,' ^Yea.' ' Party quiok he begin to breathe hard, like somebody running, onA pefore I knows it he fall oafer and act* like he vhas dying. I tell y on dot makes «hiUs go ofer me!' 'Probably had a fit.' 'I tink so, too, bat pefore 1 can go oudt doorj two men comes in, and one of dem cries out— 'Dot was apoplexy like tunder, nod somepody go for a doctor!' 'And who went?' 'Vhell, I doan like to haf some man die in mein saloon and leave bis ghost to scare me, nnd so I put on my hat ana rash * eft' 'Well.' 'Vhell, I ran two blocks -.' and pack, and den I find oat der shake on me.' 'How?' 'Vhy, nopody was in der saloon any more. Der man gets vhell ^eo queek a«h I vhas gone, and I miss' aix pint bottles of prandy.' 'Ah!' .« Yes. dot -vhas ' Kh !' on me shaft tree dollar/and I like ao rfneer to come npund abtsnd at der door and hit eomepdy mit a glaV- tt^wmspromiwd that a sharp lookout shoald be kept f orfte three met? described. '.»t-a Jte went away, nyfng. 'I wa» more raadt because i dot '«» r randy mitout *r-y 'water io ft, nod I indie* - lock up drr pl*ce nod eo around mit some farwa kciUtieBODd look for «io*. nooplery rawu If I tiod bim nopody will utter know dot somettiiig^atrack aim.'— /oid. .. ?: ? v 