MISTLEPOE MUSINGS. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] By N. B. ANOTHER jolly Christmas, is here, jollier, anyway, than the 1883 article was, with its melancholy dearth of ice, absence of rain, and perishing heat while old " Fahrenheit" bobbed about between 100* and 110°, and disdained to recede therefrom. A genial wet winter has now put us coast folks in a fctate to stand a siege of water famine, but our brethren out in the far West and North west will have to tap the strata and not the clouds for their supply; and not till that comes to pass, and until the Barcoo, Thar gomindab, North Gregory, Flinders, and Aramac people use borers and buy windsail water-lifters will that grand country smile as it ought to smile, and be as different from what it is now as a fall- dressed ballroom beauty would be from the same girl " down" with measles or variola. Singular, fata listic year 1864, farewell ! Good-bye ! One cannot help noting, before parting from the weather topic, with what unswerving regu larity the drought, let it rage ever so horribly in the meantime, broke its spell invariably on the first day of every month. Thefirst days of February, March, April, May, June, July, and August brought rain suddenly, and as if by magic, no matter how hopeless the sky looked before and after them. It was as if to say: " Mortals, never part with hope while God is above you!' Electricity is rife, and we may look for sudden changes of extreme heat and cold all this summer, and for malignant dangerous lightning in the storms thereof—seeing that the big planets are so near the sun, and old Sol is not " as per usual" nor " himself at all" this year. And now a truce to weather, and let us enjoy the effects of the genial rain, ,and contemplate the jolly picnics to " Govett's Leap" and " Mihi Falls," and the rest of the pet camping grounds of Eastern Australia, where little bronze boots and muslin skirts Invade the solitude, and the lobelia, ha&miy; heaths, whitethorn,and the tiny bosh orchids are brushed aside for the damask tablecloth; where the magnums of "Goulet" champagne flank the mayonnaise and the well browned turkey and peerless pastry; what time the disgusted tiger-snake, finding his privacy and lizard-hunting business dis turbed, sneaks off noiselessly amongst the fern, even as his archdemoa prototype of old shuddered when the shepherds heard the music in the air at that Bethlehem sun rise of blessed memory—for you may bet he heard it too. Christmas is here again, and the "war clouds rolling dun" in Europe seem pregnant with suppressed fire; and, no doubt, if the money bags would only stand it, the war dogs would be let loose. Ger many, with a grim setness of purpose, watches events even as Bhe did when, nerved to the highest pitch of effort, she parted asunder, as it were two uoißy schoolboys, the mighty armies of Bazaiue and MacMahon, and laid her unyielding grip on Metz and Strasbourg. And France, too, how keenly does she still feel, even as in 1870, when battling for life and honour; feel like a clever, careless, over-confident chess-player does, who has let his opponent too fur into his ranks on to inevitable ultimate victory, no matter how the check mate may be delayed for a while ! But the knights and pawns are all replaced now, and let Germany watch and beware, for—with all her science, her strength, her unity, and her precautions—she possesses not, and cannot quite call up this time, as she did after the days of Jena and Aiier stadt, that dread and animating vendetta, that terrible recoil of an overbent spring, that may any moment raise another Joan of-Arc in old Gallia, who will wage such a skilful, bitter, and miraculously subtle warfare as only the memory of erst false moves and fatal mistakes could conjure up. But this, apris tout, is hardly a Christmas topic. The blest annual feast is here once more, and what will happen before the next one? Ah! that's a poser. The near future and the remote past are alike obscured from view. As well might you ask us who was the reigning belle and toast of the fine old city of York in the year of grace 1750, and with what lovers she promenaded 'neath the shade of its proud Minster when the purple lilac of that particular summertide was in its full May glory of bloom and fragrance, when May picnics bring forth June pro posals ana July weddings sometimes. As well ask us where are now the roses and lilies of that same year. As well want to know whom our belle danced with at the winter county balls. Whether she married well and pleased her father, and died at 90 and left seventy descendants behind her, and lived to hear of Waterloo ; or whether she ran away with a penniless lieutenant and expired broken-hearted in George the Second's days, or faded as a lonely anil cou sumptivemaiden. Whoshallsay? All we know is that it and much more besides of the same kind is all locked up and safe in the tender keeping and loving care of Him whose earthly birthday falls on this 25th December of our modem British calendar, and if you would know more, the hut verse of "Gray's Elegy" will tell you all about it better than I can. And, talking of the year 1750, how easy it seems, after aJL to bridge the centuries! I once kissed a lady's lips. Oh ! pray don't bridle so, my dear Mrs. Grundy ! She was not my cousin, nor my sweetheart, but my great grand aunt, and she was born in 1758, and when tfowas a child, as I was when I kissed her, she sat on his knee and was kissed by an old gentle man who was born in 1677; so that he and I, who am now alive and kicking, actually kissed the same living lips. It is a tre mendous thought! Why, that was in "old Rowley's" day, the swarthy Charles 11., and long before Queen Anne and the battle of Blenheim, and ail the rest of the hoary by gones. Aye, and more than all this, there is many a haunted crumbling rain of to-day that was not even built then, for scores of sad crimes and mournful outcomes of poor erring human nature have found a place in history since 1677. The long-past love, the lust, the bygone greed and murder that seemed so easy, sweet, and justifiable at the time, and turned so bitter afterward, were in the womb of the future in 1677, and happened all before 1720; for the, ladies were loving and weak, and the men believed in dice, and wine, ana sword, and rufflings, and revellings in the hot half century between 1675 and 1725. And so it cometh to pass that those uneasy ghosts wander now, and Sir Walter Scott and others of less note have written their history for us. I have a strange theory of my own about ghosts, and I believe they only came into England along with tea and tobacco and the rest of the nerve poisons. Did anyone, now, ever hear of any ghosts in the reigns of William Rufus or Richard Cceur-de-lion, when men drank mead and ale, sack and canary, to supple ment their aqua puraf Is there one genuine ghost story older than Queen Bess's time ? Yet people were just as wicked then as afterwards ; and, digressing again (for this article is made up solely of digressions), and speaking of William Rufus was he not killed by an arrow in the New Forest of Hampshire, where the grass, somehow, never will grow on that eerie narrow "Fairy's Walk ?" and did they not carry his body to Maluad, or Malwad, afterwards called Malwood Castle 1 and did not Rufus and Malua pull off the Derby and Cup " double " at Melbourne this year 1 and was it not a singular coincidence that the asso ciations of a.d. 1100, or so, should be exactly repeated in 1884 — less dolorously, of course, unless we count the grief of backers on the Derby, or of Hebrew pen cillers over the " Cup ?" And so here's a merry Christmas to everyone—except the larrikins, of course. I mention them, as it would be unpardonable disrespect were I to omit the all-powerful all-pervading larrikin from this article. Had I but the pen of "Kosmos," in the World newspaper, I would indite a letter in his style to that "eminent person" the larrikin Stand forth, then, oh, my larrikin, and let us have a look at thee! Truly, thou art an edifying spectacle! Tell us if theu canst, oh ! my Bedouin, why it ia thou dost infest the church door at wr- vice time for evensong 1 Why dost thoii then and there discuss in ao loud a tone sundry weighty affairs with thy mates— affairs that apparently have no connection whatever with church matters, if we may judge from the disjointed, -weird, and awful sentences which ever and anon fall upon the ears of the worshippers within 1 Why so strideat and cicada-like in thy tones, too, oh ! my larrikin 1 Is not Auatralia a wide country, and canst thou not play "peg knife" (thy intellectual substitute for chess) elsewhere than at the sacred door, oh 1 my street Arab 1 Might I suggest to thee an adjournment to some other place, oh ! my prince of egotists ? But alas 1 I very much fear that the abstraction of cloth caps, the punching of heads, and the inter change of slang would lose half their relish for thee, unless some respectable worshippers and others were thereby scan dalised and perturbed; and it muchly vexeth my soul to think that we shall, after all, have to put up as best we may with thee, oh! irrepressible and altogether unendurable waif of the city ! and with all thy shrill and greasy horrors, thy fearful highlows, thy ob trusive manners, thou unmitigated and destitute-of-all-redeeming-traita nuisance! But soft! Was there not a parson once who prayed for the " puir deil ?" and ia the larri kin all to blame ? It is true his pedigree is bad on both sides, if you come to look at it from a racehorse point of view; but that is " neither here nor there." Even he was a baby once, and babes are pure and holy, and like the angels in their majesty of face when asleep or dead; and if some of us who are not larrikins, and "fancy ourselves"alittl6 in the " pedigree" line, were to spend a few Sundayafternoons in teaching Sunday-school in place of dining at Sandgate or Southport ana doing oar own pleasures, there would be fewer eggs found in the devil's basket than there are now. So let us wish the poor larrikin reformation and a merry Christmas also; and, by way of a wind up to these few wandering and veranda dreams of mine, let us enjoin moderation in the Yule tide feeding to all concerned; for the sick ness of Brisbane, and of places north and west of it, is not all epidemic, seeing that Master Tom smokes and stops out o' nights, and Miss Jane eats furtive pastry to an alarming extent; and so it comes to pass that he is lanky and overgrown and she is bilious; so his lungs and her liver congest with about equal facility. And no one can say that this is "catching." except by force of example, or that the much abused, but highly-useful, Enoggera water can be charged with the blame of it. And mamma has to look to the baby, and papa is " coining" money at his office, and is naturally absorbed therein; and so it cometh to pass that the big boys and girls, the Master Toms and the Miss Janes, who will not " watch" for themselves, but expect others to do it for them, come to extreme sanitary grief, and the poor unfortunate " climate" is unjustly made the scapegoat therefor. But enougk of sickness, and let us now speak of health. Let me propose a toast to someone. Who shall it be ? Well, here's a health to the north-east breeze—the jolly old life-giver of Eastern Australia; who batten every summer at our coast, from Sydney right up to the tropic, blowing people* hats offat Toowoomba. scaling the moun tains vid the gullies, ana bringing the whiff of the gum and wattle blossoms on his wings to the very summit; clearing out and racing through the noisome backyards and stifling alumsof our neglected city; surgingat our coast in a solid invading column 800 miles wide, from wine to wing, never tiring from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; blowing up the moist vapours that bring the welcome rain; muling the flowers shed forth their odour; imparting a keen appetite after five short minutes' inhala tion to the desk-worn quill-driver ! Here's a health to the north-east breeze—who visits rich and poor, swells and snobs, alike; who gives freely and stints not! Here's a health to him, with three times three, for he brings health, and plenty of it, to us; so drink him with all the honours, and the waves on all the eastern beaches, from Manly to Cape Palmerston, will return thanks for him in one deep diapason of ceaseless lullaby meet for a restful Christmas or any other afternoon. [Remainder of Christmas Tales will be found in " Storyteller" columns,] 