,COMING. What coineth to us up the dim arcades Of the unnumbered years? Bright forms of joy, or pale and ghost-like sliade3— W ith smiles or tears ? Who are the guests that come with us to dwell • Unbidden and unhailed— Whose faces we must learn to know full well Though uow close veiled 1 How shall we dress our hearts to meet them ? How Their future homes prepare 7 Deck our souls' chambers out with bloom and bough. Or leave them bare 5 What music times their mystic footsteps' fall ? Some gladsome-measured strain— Or plaintive minor cadence wailing all Of grief and pain 5 Sometimes, in breathless pauses in tlie strife. We almost think we hear The trailing of their garments, toward our life Sweeping more near. Oh, viewless Fates, what promise do ye bear For as who toil and wait 1 Shall it be star-crowned Hope, or faint Despair, Or Lore, or Hate ? We see ye not; but far beyond ye One We've, trembling, glimpsed before, Who, dark and stern, shall lead us forth alone Wlitn life is o'er. s t ®rn, did I say ? Not so speaks one who knows The tender ways He's trod, Bearing a palm-branch in his hand for those Who trust in God. LINDSAY DUNCAN. SPECIMEN HOSPITAL DRINKS. — Two analyses of the wines, spirits, &c.;, supplied to the Melbourne Hospital were (says the Melbourne Argus) submitted at the meeting of the Managing Committee. Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery reported the brandy as "simply a mixture of fairly clean theugh badly flavoured alcohol, with sweetening syrup and flavouring matter;" that the red wine seemed " to have had its acidity to some extent neutralized by the addition of magnesia and potash ;" that the whisky was " an inferior spirit," and that the tea " is poor so-called commercial tea, made up of several varieties of black and green tea-leaves and some overfired, dead, or decayed leaves and stalks." The result of Mr. J. O. Moody's analysis is worded in stronger terms. The brandy " is eickly, resinous, and differs altogether from the aroma of a good brandy;" the whisky is ''acrid, raw, resinous, with mawkish aftertaste ;" the red wine was in an " active state of ferment, sophisticated with a high percentage of acid, and dangerous to drink; and the tea " lacks the qualities wliichconstitute a refreshing, invigorating beverage, and is not suitable for hospital purposes." The reports were adopted. Mr. W. Kidney, who at the previous meeting admitted his partial responsibility for the selection of the condemned wines and spirits, tendered his resignation, but the committee unanimously decided to request him to withdraw it. 