A Witness for the Defence, IS inmns onAiTEns.r-onii'isn il, Vriinn I got book to town, the scssiono wcro only a week ot ; so the first thing I did was to call on tho solicitor in chrirga of my mur der oass, in order to learn from him how it stood, and to tako it off his hands. The' rnagietrato, of oourao, had sent tho prisoner for trial. Whon I camo to read the deposi tions, the case againet him seemed "pcrfoelly , simplo, and as conoluoivo ins eiroumstautial ovidenca could mako it. The crime had riot, occurred so long ago lint that a diligent search had -unearthed several witnosscs. Tho' ser vant-girl, who had now beoomo tho wifo.o! a : dairyman ia tho immediate neighborhood, w is .found. She proved the bad conduot of yonng. Harden, and tho ill-will which gradually grew up botweon him and horformer mistress.- Sho -also spoko to his ojectment from tha house on tho day of tho murder, and to his threats at tho street door. She sworo to tho :kniie, which had: been in tho possession of- the police over since, as having belonged to tha samo faota ; rind tho landlord, my client, and sovoral others, proved tho flourishing of tho identical knilo and tho ominous words in tha pabllo'honeo. To oomploto tho ohaln, .tiio man who had instructed me proved tha find- ing of tha knife in tha room whero tho mac- dor was coirimittcd; and two or threo wit nesses remembered boing by his sida and seeing him stoop down end pick it up. There, with tbo final fact3 of his sadden disappear ance and changes of .name, appeared both to mo and to my friend to be capable of boing spnn into a ropo quito atrong onough to awing John Harden out ot tho world. " But," said my solioitor-friond, " tho queer- C3t thing of all is that no one is going' to ap pear for tho prisoner." "No ono to oppcar for liim ? " (' No ono. Young Elkin holds a watching brief on behalf of prisoner's master, and that is all. He said Harden had bean in Mr. Slo- oam's— that's, hla master — scrvico tar over coven years, behaving extremely well all the time. Ho was invaluablo to hie old master, who in .something ol an invalid. Ho had tnrned religions, and was disgusted at his for-' mer wioked. lifo." : , ', "But I supposoha baa. monoy— or, at any rate, if Slocum is so fond of him, why doesn't ho pay for the dofonoa? " " Why, it seems that his notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of worldly art3. Slocum is only too anxious to rotain eomoono ; but.Hardcn won'tQhavo it, and. no. -oria" can 'persuade him. . Says ho Is in the haridsqt a Higher Fowerarid it Shall be given: hint what ho shnll.speak, nnd rill the zest; ot; it. ' /He wrihtod to maka a speech to the mogisV trate; but Slocum, by Hlkiu's advice, did ' manage; to induce him: to hold his tongue for the prcBeht, arid say ha would reserve his da, foneo. " Ot course thoy: hope- ho will oomo to his souses before tho' trial,-.: But I donlt know how that will be. I never saw.- suoh on ob- stinato pig. Only gayo in to his.master about not spoaking booarise tho pooi; man: began to. whimpor : in court 1 1, --' : . . . /Tho inairi pi'rt of my, work had been done for me, arid/it only remained, to bespeak copies of 'the depositions, sco the witnesses; arid make sure that thoy intended , to . say <at tho Old -ouuoy BuuBHuitmuy rue samo snmgs as tnay had said'.at.thQ.police .conrt'— /a most neces- sriry: precaution, . the imagination being 1 so vivid iri pooplo ot:; this olass,- that thoy ate' very liUoly to amplify, their tale ' if possible— and preparotho brief, for tho proscoutlng coan- seL . This dono,-I iiecl but to let things take their course. ; . , . . : When the day oi the trial came, I was betimoa in my. placo at the Central Oriminal Conrt, having various otbor eases in hand thoroi .Tho pris'oribrs, .'as:.' ia oustomary, were first put. up arid arraigned— that is, had the substance of ,tboir sovoral indiotmonts read over to thorn-wind were called : ori to pload guilty "or'Jhotguilty." Thoso disposedoi, tho .osse for John Harden was balled; and Hooked at him with somo oriripsity.' - No sooner had, I. dorio. Bo. thrin .I :know: that:his was a fade upon . which ' at .soino- time 'or . other I had looked- boford;. and 'bf: whloh:T Had taken note. . -It is a useful pecnliririty of mino that- I :novor. forgot a face to which I have onca paid' any: attontion,.and I ban gdnorally;re- oolleot tho plaeb: and . cireuriiBtances under .Whioh I last 'haw .it. : But .horo: tho latter part of my .powers, failcd mo. L. knew, tho faco well, but could uoi imagine when and whoro L bad beheld it, >1 oven know that T had : soon the' man. bare-headed,- and . that he was not: thou,, as 11017, bald ontho crown. Tho thing worried-, mo not; a little.; In the irieanwhiio, John Harden:' who ' being put up to take liis triol for.tho murder of. Agatha Harden. ': ; /. "I, m( led, - appear to proseeuto in tiiie ease" Baid my counsol, starting up arid down again liko tho blado of ri kriifo. ' /.'." Doos riobody.appoar tor ', tiio prisoner ? aBkcd tho judge. . . ; „ " I understandi m' lrid; that tho prisoner ,io- not. represented, " said .oohnael,, appearing and disappearing as bafpre.' .: ", My lord," said an agitatod voieo' f rom- the body of the court, " I hOYO vised nil pcssiblo' offorte " ; " Si-lonco 1 " proclaimed tho usher. " Who ia that? " inquired tho judge, look ing ovor his epcritaolcs. iaj». juiu, a (bin buiii - luuiii.'ii iuuovy 1J mastor; mid I am porfcady oonvineod— — " " I cannot hear you, oir. If O10 prieonei- wiahca to havo counsel assigned to him for hie dcfeiico, I will name a gentleman, ami will take cavo that tho prisoner shall have duo '.opportunity for his instruction ; and if you, deairo to give evidence on his belielf, you can do eo.— Frisoner, is it your wish that ccunsol bo assigned to you for your dofonco ? " - ; . Harden , had been etanding with hia head, slightly 'bent, and his' Clasped handa resting on tho rail of tho dock. Ho now looked up at .tho'judgo, and ropliod in a' grave rind iiupau-.. oivo voieo: ." My lord, I wish no help but tha help of God. I am in His hands; and I am an. innocent man. If Ho sees good to', deliver mo, Ho will uo so. Who am I, that I ahould intcrioro'with His work? " 11 You appear to mo," said the judge gently, h to bo under an untortunoto delusion. You say rightly tbat'you are' in God's hands j but tlint aliould not hinder you from using audi instruments tar your ddivoraneo as lie offers yon, : Once inoro I will aali, do, yon nuv,- desiro to bo represented by counsel ? " " I do not, ray lord." - - ' " Bo be it,— Now, Mr. Ciinohcr " Hieing once more; counsel for tUG.proccou- tioii proceedod to open his caso. ItwEaelear nnd ctraighttarward, put coneiaoly and tell ingly, and embraced tho facte which tho reader already knows. Ha then called his witnassoB; and; as eaah after oaoh lolt ilio 'box,- it was cosy to see from the faces ol tho jury that things were likely to go hard with the prisoner. Always, in answer to' tho-in-' qniry, "Do yori wish to put any questions to this witness ?"iHardeh replied : "No, mv lord.- He hori said tlio.truth,.tar all I know." Bo smoothly did tho . truth run its. course,, that only onainaident called for romark.. This was when my. client got into tho box; and so indecently eager did he appesif to be to pro- euro tho conviction of tho prisoner, that ho twico called down npon himsolf a sovoro re buke from tho judgo for persistently volun teering irrelevant statements-: to. Harden's prejudice.. And whon 'connect at longth said, ' That, m' lud, is my oaee,' and sat down,'bnt little donbt romaincd as to tha prisoner's fata, i- still sat with my' gazo faselnated by. tho riot face in tho dock, trying— tning to xemember when and whore I had last looked upon it. ' "Do yon propose, prieonar, to call any wit nesses? 'laBked the judge. "Only my mastor, my lord— Mr. Bloonm.' He'll speak for mo, and he'll say, I know, that. I'm not tho man to kill any living thing." " Very well. ' And now, boforo calling him, do you desiro to addross tho jury ? " Tho interest of tho oaso, whioh, oxoopt for that interest which is inseparable from a trial for mardar, had slightly flagged, rovived now: that a human being was virtually at grips with death. For what had jnst passed meant that there was no dofonco or attempt at a defence, that 'the jury must eonvlet, and that the man must die, without hopa of meroy for so cowardly and ungratetal a murderer. Thoro waa not a sound in tha court. It was late in tha afternoon, and tho winter nan was sotting. Its raya lit up the orimson hangings, the scarlet robes ot the judge, tho intent faces, all looking, one way, the drooping head and: white aomp'oscd couatonanco of tho prisoner— the man stand ing np there in fail health and Btrangtb, and whoso life was going down with tho sun. "I have but a few words to say, my lord And nnnilmnnn. T rlldn'J: An it- T nna>hed enough, and maybo oruol enough in those days to do it ; but I didn't. I was so drank and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that . I might havo dono it it it had happened earlier in tha day, unknown almost to myself, and bo standing horo rightly enough. But I Amoio I couldn't havo dono it, and why? Bcoaasa I was miles away at the timo. My poor arint, as I've heard from whet has been said, mast havo been killed between a quarter to and a' quarter past eight in tha ovening. Well, at eight o'clock I was at least five miles off. If I'd dona it direotly tho girl went out of the house— as she says, at a quarter to eight — it isn't aoeordirig to reason that I conld havo broken open tho cupboard, took tiio money, and got fivo mites off in a quarter of an hour." Ho stopped, and drow tho call ol his coat across his forehoad. \- Whoro had I coon him boforo I Whoro and when hod I sean him do thai very aotlon ? "O, gentleman, I couldn't havo dono it I I couldn't, bad ns I was I I know, now, how bad that must havo boon— the meroy of God has been upon mo since thoso days— but bad as I was, I owed her too much, and know it, to havo hart her in any way. Won't yon boliovamo? I tofl yon I was miles away at. tho time— miles away. Who can toll 'na yotj'ro saying trae ? yon will oak'. ; No one, I suppose. : Not a. soul .was near mo that I know to. oomo hero and. speak, the txath for me- this 'day. But I know the same God that saved Daniel can savo mo front d; eorry ond, it it is His , will to do it-it riot, His will bo dono ! I'm keeping yori too lorig, only saying thoisamo ovsr. and ovor. again; I'll ;;just toll yon how it was, rind I'vs done, and- yon must do ns; 'duty bids. yori.',' . . '. . : Another, pansri:. 'Tho- silcriceof death, or rather of, a deathbed. Tho faces. in the' dis-. tnriao /of /thri;,. ''darkened: court 'shimmered through . tho gloom, . like thoso : ot speatreS waiting to woleomo a ooming shads'. . Then the gas-Ught.bnrat forth; and nil sprang intai suddca:,dlstinofriess,.:and there' was a gerieral: half-stir as of roiiefi - q, :>' y:.\ " Oh, isn't th'ero'ono, hero. that con 'speak for mo ? Is there any ono': who romeiribars the groat gas-mnin explosion in — — Btrcot that year ? " ." " . xaero was ogam a stir, ana a more aeoiaaa one., Oloarly there wore many, in court' .who rcmcmborod it. - :I did, for One, And rctriem- bpring it,; I seamed- as brio in a tnnriol; w£b' sees' tho glimmer from : tho distant opening, bat can distinguish no faatarbof tho landscape beyond.':;,;/. . : "'.i Was thore-y-tbat night. ' It was the night, of. the day,!, was., turned out of, doors— tho night, of- tho' murdor. . - How I bamo to be thoro, so far'frbm iiy aunt's neighborhood, I' don(t lmowi but I found myself workiag hardj: helping- tb iiitt . tho stones and timber of the houso;fronts .that wore blown, in, and getting tbo ; poor crushed pobplo bnt'. . I. worked -a tang timo, till I . was like : to drop ; and a policeman . elapped mo on tho book and gave ma a/word 0! praisa arid a drink of beer :bat of a can. I womlor whero that policeman is now, and if ho'dromembor.?." . .. . ..' Ho did not respond, wherever ho might bo. : No ono to help— no . friendly plank to biidgo over the yawning .grave. What was it, thio that I was trying so hard to recall ? ,...! ': ' I , wandered off - attar that ; into' tbio , by.- . striwts. ;'' I, know- those parts wolls /Ihad had 1 a oonuado who UBed tirfivo: thotai ' and many c wibked - rind foolish prank wo'd played 'thereabouts. " Tho beer L had jrist drank :on.' an ompty stomach had muddled mo again a bit, but I'was quite sober enough . to know overy Btep of the way I wont; and remember it- now. I turned -up Hoadloy Stiot, and: then to tho . lott; along -BIewitt Btreot ; and /just whon my aunt mnst have been straggling .with tbo wretoh that took her lifo, whoever it (Was, I .'heard ,'a olook: ntrikc eight. I did, 'pontlomoi; : rind'I suppose I novor, thought of it sinco ; but now I remember it as olear as: day. I was standing at the timo at tho oornGV of Hauioki Street." : ' ' It' all oamo book to mo in a moment 1 : I hoard the pattor of the roin.onithb cab-roof— I- saw the gleam of tho infroqrioht h'ghts on tho wetfiage— Illstoricd to tho objurgationa ot the cabman at the obstructing dray— I took note of tho reflection iri tbo mirror, the qucor slrcot-naino .wliioh would not rhyme so ns to t»t-i1ro nr<nfif>. Thn ixf,»nlfp't nf f;Itn nlnnlr nftrilr- ing eight were in my ears, I caw the lamp tiio corner, and tuo mail undorneath look up at it— the man with tho ohort broad face, tho sharp chin, tbo long thin mouth turned down at tha cernors, and tho blank in tho .front tooth— tho innooont riiauT was hound ing to hie death— tho prioonor at the bar 1 As I sprang to my feat, down with a crash went my bag full of papers, my hat rind rim- brolla, so that oven, tho: impassive judgo . gave a start, and tho uslior, waking up, once moro: preolaimod " SUonoo l " with oliooked rind in-: jurcd inflection. Heedless of the majesty of tho law, I beckoned to my counsel, hud ho leaned over to m'o-in surprise, I whispered earnestly in his oar.' I novor saw tho human face axprC'Ssmorooritiro astonishment. How ever, peeing'-' that I, was unmiotakoably in earnest, ho merely nodded' and ros3 to liis hot. : . , . : "Your lordship will pardon mo," ho said, "tar interfering at thio otago botwceii tiio prisoner and the jury ; but I nm instruoted to rn?J;o a communication, which I fcod sure will ba'es astounding. .to. your lordship.-nnd'..thu jury' ua it .io to myeelf. I think I. may Pay that it ia tho moat surprising and unprece dented thing which ovor ooourred in a court o! justice. My lovd, tho soliaitor who in- strucfa.mo to prosoouto tenders himEell as a t witricss for the dofouco I " ' . . cosoncaroH. . To say that thoro . was . a " sensation " would feebly fiesoribo what followed.. 'Every, one in coiut sprang to his foot.giTho prioonor locked as if ho had scon a ghost. -. There was a perfect habbab of voicos, as bar.'and.:jary talkcd'ariiong themselves, and my. brethren at tho sollaltors' tabla noaredqaestions upon me, to none of whioh I replied.; Silenoo being restored, tho voioe ot tho' judge: — grave and: digniflod, but with a perobptiblo:tremor — drs- oended liko ,Voeal oil on tho troublod waves of sound, " who instraota 70a, Mr. Clinolior? " " Mr. Bentloyj my lord." . : The judgo looked moro astonished than ovor./ My name was familiar enough to liim as a judgo, and he had known it oven hotter .when, as- a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from mo. :. . : . \- , "I am porisaaded," sold ho," that a gontta- man of Mr. Bontloy'a reputo and: oxperionoo has good reason for . what: ho docs. . . Bat so extraordinary and unheard-of I will ask' Mr., Bcntloy; himsolf , if ho really considers that duty rcqalres him to .offer himself as a witness, arid when and'why ho bamo to that conclusion ?" .'( My lord," I ropliod, " I. am oertain that,: beliovmg what l had eauso to holisvo within tho last flvo minutes, I Bhould bo greatly. to blomo if I did not testify on oath to. cortain facts whioh are within my own kriowlodgo. Bat it the prisoner chooses to oallma as a wit- noas, yonr lordship. will presently understand, why it is that, with all submission, ! cannot at this moment, or until I am in tho box,' give my reasons; Audi must add that tho valuo of my ovidonco to tho: prisoner will: greatly dopsnd on his answers to cortain ques tions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if/ ho answers mo as I orpeot, I believe my ovi-; dorico will put on end to tho caso against! him." . ' " Really, gentlemen of tho jury," said his lordship, this, mattor ia assuming a mora and moro remorkablo ospooti . I hardly know' what to say. That aprisoner on trial for his mo Huouia answor quoauons . pas so mmin- privato by U10 proseenting' soliaitor la tho. most extraordinary proposal, I am bonnd to say, whioh evot oamo under nay notico. It is tha moro difficult for ma to decide because : tbo prisonor has not the advantago of coun sel's assistance — Prisoner,' la it your wish that this gentleman should bo called as a wit-! ncss on yonr behalf? You havo heard what ho has said about ooitain questions whioh ho wishes to put to you beforehand. Ot conreo' yon are not bound to answer any suoh ques tions, and may covortholoro call him. What do you say?" "Issue God's hands, my lord," nnswerod. the prisoner, who was qaito calm again. "It may bo that Ho woo raised np a deliverer for ma— I cannot tell. Bat I know that if Ho wills that I ahould die, no man can save me ; it Ho wills to savo me, nought eon do mo: harm. Bo I am roady to answer any ques tions tho gentleman wishes." ! ' "I proposo," said the judgo, "boforo do-i oiling this, extraordinary point, to consnlt! with tbo learned Recorder in tho next court.'" \- All roeo as tho jadga rotlrcd ; and' during his absence I escaped 'tho questions which; assailed mo from every side by burying my self in a consultation with my counsel. When: ha hoard what the reader- knows, ha folly: upheld ina in- what IipropeBad to do; and1 then throw himsoll book In hia Bcat with tho air ol a man whom ' nothlri'g ; oorild river astonish again: . . .. ' ; " Si-lonco I " cried the. usher. ,, The jadgo was returning, ; / , I havo 'deeidbd,":'.said .ho,! " to allow the questions to bo put as Mr: BenUoy!propbses; ! Let them be written out and subnutted to me for my npproval." . - . , / M' sat down arid wmta my questions, arid Jhey/wore passad up to the judgo.; ,' ho read thsmj hb looked moroVsurjirised-than': oyer. But all ho said, .'as ho handed thom dowri, .was; " Put the quoatiens." : ". I walked up to the dook arid grivo thorn into tho prisoner's hands, together with my pencil,'. Ho roadi'them carof ully ; throrigh, and wroto his answers slowly and with con sideration, . With tho "paper .in my hand,.! got intb'th'o witncss-box and .rims sworn;'/;- , ; . My. oyidenoo was. to the: offeot already stated, as 1 dcsoriecd tbe man i bad. econ findor tho lamta wita myVfaeb averted froih; the prisonor and tarried to tho jary, I saw. that they. were, making a oareful oompariaon, and that, allowing for; the oharigo wronght.by, twelve years, they found that tho description tallied oloably, with the man's appearance:.' . v 1 /"Tproduoe this paper, on which I jrist now .wroto ebrtairi qiostioriB,' to whioh the prisoner wroto the arisWers.nrider my byes. :Tb'osd are the questions and answers : " Question :!Woro you smuking. when'- you oamo op ta the.corner: of Heurotti-otreot ? — Answer: No. ' ''"/v-': /'/Question : Did 'ybu'nftorwards'.omokQ?— . Answer: I had no lights. . ' V . : ; " Qaostiori Did . yori try to get a light ?— Answer : Yos, by .elimbing a lamp at the corner ; but I was. riot. steady: onough, /arid I remember I.broko my hat rigainbt. the 'oross,- bar;- ' . ' ; . t: -: ' . . ; , - ! " Qucetion': Whoro did you carry your pipe and tohaoao?— AriBWbr : In my hat. ; >! . ' ' ' Those answers," I ooriolndod," aio rihsb- lutely corrcot iri evonr particular. Tho man Whom I saw under the lamp,- at oight o'elook cn the night of the mardor, bohavcd as ; tho answers indicate. That 'eorioludea' tho ovi- , donee, Ivhafo folt horirid. to . tondor."! v And I handed the. slip; of paper, to tho uslibr for in- spaotieri.by the jnry. . ' ,f.,Pri3oner,"linquir6d: tho judgo, ." do you call any other witness ? " . : L . "I do'not, my lord.", : "Then, gontloriicn," said tho judgo, trirning ;to the jriry;'." tho oria rcriiark tbiat T shall mako to you is this— that if you bcliovo" tho story of tho'. prisoner's witness;:-, thera oriri ' bo Jittlo doubt brit.'that tho prisonor. wss ;thQ. man wbom tha witness saw at the Corner of Hariraki-etrbet at eight o'elook 011 the. night in quostion; and-if that was, so, it is olear, on tho essb of tho prosooution, that ha oanriot have eommitte.d this murder., I should nut: ;bu doing my duty if I did not point- out to; you that tho witness ' in quootion is likoly, to Bay the' least; to be withont bloc ia tho .prisoner's favor, and- that his ovidonco iri very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's jlhllUWUlU bU IUU ir Aati bwll 4U UUH'Ji 1 U tl I.U Jlllil. Gentlomeu, you will : now. concidor . your ;vordiot.". : " Wo nro agreed, my lord,", said tho fore man. . " Gontlemcn of tho jury," suug out the olorkoi arraigna, " ato' you all agreed-upon ,'your vordiot?", ; "Wo nro." Arid'that vordiot io?" ; . 1 , / .".Hot guilty." .,; - '" , " And that is tho verdict of yoa all?1' v " It io." ; Thero followed a burst of ehcoring whioli (tho unhor, could not silence, but . wliiah 'silenced, itself as tho judge was seen to bo eper.king: "John Harden— I am thankful, every man in tlibr court ia, thankful— tiiat your trust in tho. meroy and power of tho All-merciful arid .All-powerful has not been in vain. : You otand acquitted .of citanl crime by the unhesitating verdict ot tho jury, aud most woudorlul ha3 bcenyour deliveranco, You go forth e free man ; ond I am glad to think that the. goodness of God has been bestowed, on ono vfiio has repeated of bis past pinn, nnd vfiio is not likely, Ihonoandbollovo, to bo unmindful of that goodnc,-3 hereafter. You ato dleeliarged." Had ho bosn left to himself, I- think tho prisoner's old master would have climbed into tho dook, with the view of personally deliver- ing lna servant . ont of tho house of bondago. But he was restrained by a Bympathotia oon- . etabio, wbiio John Harden was. ro-oonvoyed ' for a short time' to tho gaol, to undergo cor- ... loin necessary formalities connected with. big V ./' roleaso from custody. I volunteered to take / ' charge' oi Mr. Bloonm,- and tookhimto tho: :.- vcstiaalo of tho . prison, overwhelmed during !.', ; tho short walk by thanka and praises. ' Wo wera soon joined by-Harden, whose meeting with his master brought ri lamp into the;, throat ovdu of a tough oriminal lawyer liko . - ; ; myuolf . I saw them into a cob, and thoy drovo1, ' off to Mr. Bloeum's hotoi;- after promising to ' aallon mo next day, and- enlighten maori ; " certain points as to whioh I was still in tho ' dor .' v \- As strange a part of my stofy as any, has yot to be told. I hod hardly got book to my ' olfioo arid settled down to read over tbo various- . letters whioh woro awaiting my signature; 'when my late client (Hardcn'a prosecutor) was announced. - ' I had lost Bight ol him in tho excitement which followed 'the acquittal. Ha . did not wait to learn whether I was engaged - or not, but rnshed after the alork into my -. - room: Ho was risben white, or rather gray, and his'knecashaok so that ho conld saarcely . stand ; but his. eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my tablo, he proceeded, . in tho . presence, of tho ostonishod olerk, to ponr upon me a flood of abuse and invective- of the foulest kind; I hod sold him ; I was in leagaa with the prisoner. / 1 was a Dwind ling thief oi a lawyer, whom ho wonid have Btrnok off tho rolls, &e.; ; until I really thought, ho had gona oat of hia mind/ . . \- An soon as I bould get in n word, I curtly . explained that' it was no part of a lawyer's dntv to try and hang ri man whom ho knew to no innocent. As ho'only replied with nbnsivo langnsge, I ordered him ont of tho office. The oflico quieted itself ones mora — boing far too busy, and' also:too well ncous- - tomedto ceccntrie. people to have timo for long wondormont at anything— and in an hoar Iliad finished my work, and was pre. poring to loavo for home, when another visi- tut viuu uuuuuuucu — jnepaoror n orresrer. "Well, Sir. Forrester, vfiist'e tho matter now?" I'm just going off." ...... "Sotry it I put you oat of tho way, oir; but I thought you'd liko to hear what's hap pened. The prosecutor in Harden s caco has given himself up for tho murder I ". " What ?" I shouted. - " Ho just has, sir. It's a queer day, this is. When I heard yoa get np and giro ovi donco for tbo man you wore 'proseenting, I thought curiosities was ovor tar over ; but seems thoy ain't, arid never will bo." "How was it?" " Well, ' ho csme into the station qaito qaiat, and! seemed a bit ' cast down, but that was nlL Baid fata was against him, and had saved tha man he thought, to hang in his stead, and ha know bow it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of courco— told him to sleep on: it before, bo said anything; "bat mako a statement liq would. The short of it all is, that the idea of mardering tho old lady for her monoy had ooino into his mind in a flash when he saw that poor drrinken fool ex hibiting hie knifo in tho tavern. Ho followed 'him; and pioked his p'ookst of the knifo, and- - thenhang about the house, meaning to got in after dark. Then .ho- bow the girl coma - ont and go off, leaving. 'tho door closed hat not, Iatohad,: tho onroless huosy I Then in slips .the gentleman; arid -does; what' he'd made up ..his mirid; to— lor you ceo the old. woinan kriew Urn well, so ho .couldn't afford to leavo hor alive— gets tho ' bash, and slipB : 1 but; All in gold it- was; two, hundred and .-- fifty pounds. .-When ho heord'that Harden obuldn't.bo iound;-:.ho- got ;unoasy in vhia mind; and has been getting worse' ever sinoa, - . thougb.ho did' well enough ta tirado with the- ' ! money.' /Sbomsdii); considered' ho wesu't safo . . .until someone - had - been .hanged; Bo, whan : ho'rociogriised Harden, ho was. naturally down .; : oh liim at :'oneo, and wad.'intbnsely eager,. to got. him conviOtcd— whioh l notiood myself, .: ' sir, as of ooursa you did, and. thought it queor \- too, I don't doubt. Ho took too much pains, ' yeu seo— lie must employ you/ to make cor- , ; tain,;inatcad ot loaying itto ria; wheroas' if- ho hadn't come to you, yotir ovidonco would .. never have, hceri given,: and I tbink you'll say nounng oonia nayo savea ino prisonor.' . -.":' It wos true enough. Tho: wretched man . had ineured the failnro of 'bio own fiendish . , design by employing ino.-of nil tho isolioltore tP:Wbom bo mightbavo gono! : I learned noxt morning, how Harden, after . trying in vain to light bis pipe on that memorable .rivbmrig,' hod wandered forihours' y., through . tho hard-hearted. strcetsy untiL'at : ; daybreak he had found himself in tho : docks, lookingtot a largo, ship '.preparing to drop; ' down- tho river with' the tide.; How bo had rilariagqd to slip abroad rihncan and slow him. self , away in tho hold, with some idea; of vv battering his . not OYcr-bright fortunes in 1 foroigu parts. How lie had supported his lifo in. tho hold with stray fragments of bis- cuit, which, he -happened to have in hia . pookots, uritilj.'aftor a day or- two of weary beating -.about agairist'/baflling winds, ..when , thoy. were, out in inid-channel,: the - usual ' searob for'-BtowawoyB/had- uiicorthod him; . : How the oaptiiiii, after giving him plenty of strong language aud rope's-end, had- at longth , agreed to fallow liim to work as a sailor on board.y tho voascl. How ,on -lauding at . Byd- - rioy / hbdiad. gonp into tha interior; taken ear- .! Vlca.with iris present mastor— -under another namo, than; tas, own,, wiBhtag.tavdio'cpririoqt-,--, himself entirely with his former hfo— and byy hbribsUy domg his duty had attainedyhis. present position. V -y, By! the light of this narrative, . that .whioli . had puzzleu mo, became perfectly, olcat — . namely, how. it- wee that ha had contrived not - : only to got so entirely lost 111 spite of (ho hue , and ory after him, but also to remain in ignoraneo of hie aunt's fate. ; ., y , /d'- '/ My., client was.: tried, .co'nvidlod,'- end ere- y ; cutod in due oourso ; )iis plco ot guilty and voluntary ; surrender having no woiglit/againSt'u tho. crabl arid cowardly : attempt to put na . inriocerit roan in his placo. . \- When I last saw John Harden, lie wan w 'married .to a- serious lady, who had bcea .hiu . lata mbriter's hounclicoper. and was posssssor of a prosperous general shop in a Country villogo, stocked by moanS of . tho money. T/hieli Mr. Slocum had generously left him. 