. raveIler. Three Weeks in. Southlatnd,:N.Z. b y FIaceN MAonLET. S (Continued.) Prom Kingston to Queenstown the scenery is comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip ; although, if the tourist were to limit his ex cursion to Queenstown, he would probably be Under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature under diflloul ties. Every quarter of a mile or so a minia. turs cascade would come tumbling down from the mountains, and some of them never reached the Lake at all but were frozen in their course, and remained hanging like a silver thread partly lost amid the dense growth of cabbage palms, ferns, and scrub, which clothed the western elope of the moun tains from the water's edge. Although Tennyson, so far as I know, never visited Lake Wkatip,he has described the appearance of those tiny rivulets to per flotion in the Lotos Eaters SLike a sliver thread the slender stream To ftall, and pause, and fallagain did seem." About half-way between Kingston and Queens. town the river Lochy comes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow-capped mountains, which stand like sentinels watch ing thberiveraa it rushes over its shingly bed to mingle its wateriwith the mighty Wakatip. This is called Half-way'lay-n very prosaic name for the first romantic spot which greets the traveller'-on his way to the more gor. geons scenery at the head of the lake, In the meantime the little Mountaineer is steaming along past the snow.capped mouon tains which appear to close in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wall, where " Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise l" ..... until the very grandeur of the scene becomes monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin, where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow back novel, on the crimson cushions of the cosy little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in a French novel which I had picked up pro miscuouely in a Sydney bookastall; and if the novel was not quite so enthralling as the title of " La Femme do Cire " would lead one to expect, it was certainly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the "ladies and gentleman New.-Yorhais," which were per haps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenchman the average " gentleman Neow. Yorkais" mar ries one week and is divorced the next. His life is it. choice mixture of true religion and. brandy cock-tails, tempered " aveo lo re volver.' . , The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistically cuts off her left ear. He then disappears into the Rocky mountains, from whence he despitehbes a band of Bed Indians, who capture.his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her invitation, are enjoying the delights of " t bal tmasqu?l" The body of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identified as Miss Idallickard (otherwice Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Giobson is always called Miss Ida, which is an additional proof of the author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and he is about to be arrested when he coolly walks into the detective oflice with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Rickard is still alive, he'is about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankeo mob, who are yellinig for his blood, when Ida Rickard herself turns up. The living Ida Rickhard -and the dead Ida Rickard are as much alike as Cmsar and Pompey ; and the new.comer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a precisely similar man ner to the corpse. The supposed miurderer, James Gobson, is now released amid the en thusiastic acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divorced" Mr. and Mrs. Gobson are re:married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to nut off his wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the.accustomed mah. nor of the "gentlemen New.Yorkais." But a preternaturally acute detective, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson has killed his wife; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Rickard taken in wax; and this "Femme de Cire " -plays a very im portant part in unravelliig the mysteries 'of the rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been.a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had out off his deceased wife's sister's ear, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's sister's teeth in order to make the're semblance of the twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries his deceased iife's sister, pretending. that she is his deceased wife, whom he thus practically demonstrates 'not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson' is hanged; but it would have been much better if he had been hanged in the first chapter, both for the writer and reader of this remarkable novel. ' But while my friend the 'commercial is snoring on one side of the little saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gobry tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and from the little windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reach Queenstown about 4 o'clook, and a most charming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, backed by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions. As our steamer slowly,.made for the little jetty we had time to take a good view of. the little todn and its surroundings before getting too close to'lose the effect of the scene as a whole. ' \- To oar right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little penineula, planted With bluq gume a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much at home in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the deck'of the'steamer and look over. the, little peninsula which helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic cross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are " the Remarkable Mountains ;" but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousanid other mountains which arc visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly- rugged and steep, and razor backed; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to cling to the smooth, shining surface, springing.np almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ton million years' or more; but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ton thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time we are at the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabi tants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are there to witness our disembark ation. Half of the entire passenger list of the Mocntaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial steps on shore. He is :bound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, shabout which the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to ]Iichardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. The hospitable end motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and as I have-nly a limited time at my command, she advises me to go on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah.Jane, another of the Wakatip eteam. bAt ; o'clook, then, the third whistle of the Mountaineer (whiobh, by the way, sounds more I like a fog-horn) breaks the silence; and rever berates from the hills, and advises all pans. sougors to embark. It was nearly dark when we backed away from the Queenstown wharf. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow-draped giants looked like so many ghosts brooding over some black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now we are sswal. I lowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of Queenstown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky black water, of which one is only conscious by the pereep-' tion of an added blackness, and an occasional gTompso of a ghostly something on our right, which, disappearing sternword, we presume to be the rocky shore of the lake within reach, almost, of an outstretched hand; while high above our head, and apparently t overaraching the lake, and reaching out toI meet each other in thelgloom, are huges masses of darkness vile e; these we inetine' Stively accept as the 'dntai s everlastingly. towering to the sky, and now only visible be cause more blackly invisible than the murky I vault above them. In such a scene as this it must have been o that Edgar Allen Poe conceived hiiamystical "Thes'ikieo they were ashen and sober ; The leaves they were eriepd 'and sere Thd leaves they were withering and sere ; It was.night in the lonesome'Oetober • Of my most immemoriarl year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, . Inthe ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.L.' -In such a sceno as this the poet wandered "through an alloy Titanic of cypress" with I Psycho his soul. But it requires the soul of a poet to extract the hidden beauties of such a scene as this. Hidden they are indeed; a for there is absolutely nothing but.darkness visible, unless what may. be visible " to the I mind's eye, Horatio." 'But here comes the captain, who, up tothisepoint, has been upon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general andiLake.tNavigation in particular. The ship's certificate, ;hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us the following a information ':about ; ounr aoptain:.and his vessel :-,: - Name of the steamor:. 3Mountaideer. '; :Port of registry:.Dunedin. r l?:'- '?? Name of master : Edward Thomas Wing. Itegistered tonnage; 66. ;? :',.. And : inay as well acknowledge at once that I was very much exercised in my mind as to' the reason iwhy' such a good seaman who, like Captain Coreoraai; has " sailed the ocean blue;" and who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. 3 But Captain.Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good: and potent reasons for stioking -to a post which is cer tainly leastprofitable than otherse that: he might easily aspire to; It is not to be sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less diflloult than intercolonial navigation.' Under a certain conditions, I should think it would be much more 'hazardous. Here,:we are now steaming' along fall' speed in 'pitchy darkness' without a solitary light or land mark visible;. On our right is a rooky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths; We cannot see the rooky shore; but' we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hun: dred yards of our starboard bow.- On our left is another rooky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depthls. These two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in ae cordancoe with the serpentine twists'of the lake-or rather.the lake alters to suit' their contortions. Right in front 'of us;ianR l stretching across the lake froni wall to wsll we cannot sa fIrom shore to shore; as therie'i practically no shore-are a series 'of rooky islands, through which, in the blaokness of darkness, the captaid,' by some sort:of' blood instinot or .inspiration, has to' threada?his way, .Ooeannavigation is mere ehild's play to this. 'Here, ten minutes' steaing! in a wrong direction, or past a 'ertainopoint (which pointin the darknessean?bnly'be guessed at); and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of : rock ; .and if she' were theo Great Eastern herself she would be' swallowed- up, and leave .not atipple on the surface id leess than 'five minutes. :There; out in: the ?high seas, if the captain is dubious of'ainposition; he can turn his vesselshoead towards -the Y BouthPole, or wherever he likes' into illimi tible-;waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. . \- (To'be coniinued.) ' 