Our Sporting Letter " "Tops is out and marbles is in" was the. old ungrammtatical saying; " when, -we were boys together". And niowive' are no longer in lace-drapedpetricoats, still we follow out the ideas of.our youth,. and exemiiplify' the old sais,'that "the boy is father to the man" in that we now express ourselves by, noting that " the leash is out and the reinis in, ,,,.o drop metaphor, however, this preamble means that coursing is ,now a "thing of the past"p so far as this blessed. year of our Lordl88is concerned, and thatne iere; now' once more.:seriously: interested in that great 'British pastimoewhich-is' so ,much beloved by the represiieiattives of. i4he- righthlittle, tight little island' in this bigger island of ours- w.hich geographers, "distitiguish" by the, title of, the "fifth 'continent."' Ash the sport of coursing is iiot deid biut, on'ly sleeping, the quntation-" e mortius nil nisi bonubin can hardly be said t. alpl tdift, aiid tlireieore I may be excnued,' if;,as-an 0l( coursaipman, not only ion these shores, but. on the ."home of sport "" I enter somewhat` into a criticism of the' past se~son's aperfortni ances. ,Some dozen years ago the sport ofx coursing:; was introduced, by some lovers of the leash, and : being a new fangled idea, it was inimediately seized on by our." lords 'ofcreation" as sonie thing worth patronising, fo0 by it they could gain plenty of Kudos without risk ing too vast a quanity nf the "siller," as many lieid found totheir coast tohe the case with that iioble sportoft kincgs horse racing. They argued that oncge they laad1the possession of a greyhound it:'would, only, cost ,abouti half-a soy a week to, train'it; instead of five' or: six, times thatamounit as was 'required 'to brinn out man'a otlici. hest fritid "fit to run fora manai life. The gloryiof having one's'name tacked on sto the list of Waterloo Cup winners was almost equal to `that of owninigg a Melbourne Cupwinuier. '; ieli glory, little~cost " and thus:the' sport flourished fora-time. 'Those great ladd proprietors Messrs Clarke acid Ciiirnsides setting a iortion, f their vast; estates; apart for the gratuitous use of the ggme. s: The" sport went merrily' on; judges were initroduced from Eriglnidn sports menwith: plenty of backbone `imported the most fashionable "blood",:existing in the old country; and dreams hwere fondly- entertained by some' enthusiasts that not only ,could we breeda dog that would astotnish the old word, 'but even that coursers in 'that dilapidated old spot would" fly to Australia to Ifind aiuch climate, such courting giroudt such judges anid such officials as could not be produced, in the' sead irt shores of old England: , 'J' But a'change has come over the scene. Quite 4-nine-tenths of these 'colonial niabob's wh'o supportced `the leash liive fallen away from that love theyprofessed for it,,andn the,.melaicholy factrcnains that coursing in Victoria is on the iwane. Yet the' an'swer is linot lifficult to' find: In' theolnddays when ait was iiceaspary to tramp for hour after lhotn there was ever 'some excitement in i thu waiting and watching for th'e'welcomed 'so li," 'anih chiefly swas thiere the, glorious' iaoertain tythiat, the owner of the waosedyogin slips maythrough' some lucky= accident obtain the:verdict"' There 2weie always these little affai'rs that madie owie'rs"of the long-tails liveon hope ,that"his favouritemay bringi gristtuothe nmill by accidentally bowliiig over some great pot. But all- these" 'epectatious !have', beein knocked on the head by the initroidution' in our, laid of that systtm of eiiclos d coursing grounds inaugurated by Mr.t Tom Case' "of 'Plhumnpton ? ins Sussez: Here;,if 'the 'judgd; be; perfect; the ;baat dog must'win ;No, uncertainty. abaoot it. Unless the coursetr possess a good grey. houndihe knows it is useless enterinig him withia big entrance money on'tha'se enclosed grounds, aid so as lie has not got the' pluck or the,cootanecessary to, compete with the squattoerata, he gets rid of the few dogs he has in the speediest manner possible. s Lgth'eruiany remedy for this Ib here there is, and a very simple ojie, fo,, the effect of one trial has proven' its efi7 cacy. It lies in the fact that a reduced entrance money is : absolutely.necessary; and this"was fully exemplified at the'late' Sherwood Park meceting, whein Mr :B. 'cott hadfull'ft entries for the stakesl runl off onhaa,pi~ettv little grouand, whebreas 4 the 'powerful rVictoriai Cheb' was' very' modestlyvsupportef oni their oval the same -week ~because thedy mainthaind tell64 ir con servative,tactios of' h in'ig' bag oenrance money: ~ They' must -taker care of this mnatter in-hfrmionuitheiv'* programmse for for tnest season 7ibhisr iinee it, will not requiiro a prop j.reifit a, tankfail ure amongst tho p fathers of the leashi, Z Sie 'its intirodnictin p pi~ o men have -been" stauneiher sunnorters 'of- :be leashi than the Hon, W McQullock and Mr.' Robt.Chirnside;`und it is indeed]; atify=' ing to chronicle the fact that 'their `re-. sepecti o. kennelshiave lineen to tle. fore 41,ol nearly all, the good stakes run for this season:, 'The tivo blue ribbons ol the leash forinustrnce, hive been wionby themt for the N.SW.Wt. Yaerloo ciup , was won by thfe Glenroy. representative--Mon-. soon, for whom Mr. McCulloch gave a big surm-last season after this great son I of CChester*ha d'wobttheV.C.C. Derby; whilst the same dog occupied the position of runner-up in the Victorian W1torloo Cup, to Mr.Chinsuido's imported son of, \- Bedfellow and Martha-Melfort who had previotisly distinguished hirnself on 'Bri \- tish soil. psay it is satisfactory to know t that snoh400thusiasts hava carried t heir rewardg':and. theo hope of every truc f lover of the-sport is that they may again be to the fore. Some of the clubs which oice made a big splash have deteiorated mochly,L es peciailly the A.C.C aid the Bnllurat .C.;, `whilst thle North Gippslad has sioiie with great brilliancy. Ttis noticeable that the twofnrmer stick to high entrance money; whilst our friendsin .the _ new province" go for the sport, not caring much' about the dollais, their entraiice money'only being enough to cover the expenses of the training of. the. winner. May such patriots flourish. But coursing is how synonymous with sour1 grapes, for iwe cannot' get any Therefore I go to wield tle sword' acon. queror on what we can obtain- racing. Surely we halve ia plethora; for every* Saturday for some three months to came' is .engaged by some metropolitan or suburbasn turf club. ,Ceitamynly the sea' son has commenced and a ,more cilami toils beginning never wasseen except for the,.wielders of~the emagic pencil, who generally' come out , square in .the end whichever way the issue may be. As I piresumne mny reailders knowo the absolutely lcgitimate i acing seashooalwayys commeiences with; the usually ple-usait meeting on the banks of~the Hawksabury I iver, where thb principle eviiit is the llawkesbury handicap of 1'-miles: For thin event the crst, chaipuioii of New Zealand was credited with the top eight after the withdrawal of his countryman, Martini-Henri; "uotwitistiandinig that the handsomest horse sounthiof. the line wiis called upoii to, carry the lieavy ,n post of est., the dollars wueie put.,down very freely ini this 'great 'scion of Tlie Lilble fanily. But there wmes a sinall Cacouracac buzzioaiin thi c iir; 'cuid tho pen' was put tnromugh his tiame to the ime tense disgust of everyomme , fo1 th ' hone was .backed to wfn.. no less a sum th~i 430,000; and notwithstamnding 'tiat 'hue' was knocked about like a shuttlecock.rin the market, there were still-niblhers aftar tie bait. Now, h did this ill colmie about? As it has not yet appeared in print, I will hbe the first t0oenligllten the gintle, coehidi'ng public. Know, then;ithit we have amongst out ringmasters two certain bouk., who. hate one anoticmr, like a cer taiui gentleman--well, you kmnowthciest; aind each of those said bookies is an owner of racehorses. Now No, 1 laid nio less a sumhthmai410,000 to the bcoky No. 2 thart No.'~ s borse would pot wit the Hawkesbury Graii. ,Of course,,,this at once sent the horse up. iii the market, addil the ,noble0No. 1-who, by tluby, is onie of the most progressive mieun iii the ri'g- couldt eipt get ,round. So 'hliat does lie 1do but biacks:s ir Mo ilred to wiil himn altogether about £15,000 at 15 to 1. But then Sir lModred's owner became soie that he could 'not got anythuig like such a price against his own lpioperty; so a stroke of the;,pen, apd it twas diue ,No 1 had lost a cool thou. for certaiii, without standiug 'anythingii against the £10,000 "idhich 'the line's 'iii his book slhowed lie atill stobd to lose:. &ivever;, he we ina hcl1 's 'wray;';for his diesuileul naser fell to the grouuid," ttme uviiiiiei oruinwupjntIme despis douotsie,[as tinge's Atid thenucamewa further snies of peu(dashes, Malua and Off Color for the 'illetrop. *and that greitest of all snrprises mho;.victory 5t Sir11'odved in the mice, lenot,;being' thoughtto Ilare the ghost qf a show alter his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Malua and off Color. .}And theen aain he'won in a canter from, these "tioi' thi&Crivrii;"P Prte bf 1'hmile. t elowever, Ia t atti"heend of my tether, butlin my'next, I shell have sometbih thnre to say nui this matter, as well as on ohr spoinrts '' ';I' r ir r.: 