The Public Ministry. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, of Oxford, spoke at the meeting of the Evangelical Alliance at Norwich on " The Public Ministry of the Word of God—How can it be made most effectual, in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance ?" I would answer the first question by saying that we must make our ministry effectual by preaching, not the Gospel of the nineteenth century or the fourth century, but the original Gospel as delivered by the Apostles of old, that Gospel of which it was said, " I am not ashamed of the Gospel, for it is the power of God unto salvation." Mr. Frederick Harrison has recently said that the great want of the time is a lifting power; and surely the want is supplied by the primitive Gospel and not by Agnosticisms and " isms " of that kind. Now-a-days, it needs a good deal of humility on the part of clever men—who may be favoured with the approval of the Press as representatives of modern thought—to simply lift up Jesus Christ, and leave self and modem thought out of the question. The Gospel is the power which will lift men out of sin ; and if the light of the Sun of Righteousness were allowed to shine forth, it would swallow up all noxious flames. Let the minister bring the sinner to his God, and then disappear as soon as possible ; let self utterly disappear. Furthermore, we must preach the entire Gospel, not the Gospel decorated, not the Gospel "improved." We must assert Christ as our Example and our Redeemer; we must preach the whole Gospel, and nothing but the Gospel. Let us reserve for another place all doubtful controversies and speculations, and the power of our ministry will be in proportion to the extent of the concentration of our preaching on Christ Jesus. Without the unction of the Holy Ghost we can do notliing; we must seek a disinterested catholicity of spirit; we must not put our own church in the place of that which is higher, for the greatest success in saving souls has never been given to sectarian bigots. Such bigots may have secured human fame, large sums of money, and crowded audiences, but the Holy Ghost has never given the highest blessings in the salvation of souls. There is no more fatal way of limiting God than by restricting his beneficent dealings to our own ecclesiastical operations. Many a minister has sacrificed a sublime and immortal future at the shrine of ecclesiastical intolerance and bigotry. God meant such a one to be a benefactor of mankind ; but he degenerated into the apologist of a sect. Then the Christian minister must derive his power from personal experience of religious truth, and from realising what he preaches. There are many unconverted men in the pulpits of Christendom ; when men began to enter the pulpit for worldly reasons, a poison was introduced into the Christian churches. Until a man has a plain message from God to utter to his fellows, he has no right to stand up and insult a Christian congregation with his speculations and fancies upon matters religious. Some may say they are trying to feel their way to a creed ; but to any one who may be doing this, I would say, " Get out of the pulpit at once ; and in your own closet, by fasting, prayer, and meditation, try to find your creed there." Such men have no right in a pulpit, and it is an iniquity to ventilate tlieir doubts and fears and speculations in public to the injury of their congregations. Christianity is not a speculation—it is a realised fact. Until a man enjoys a living fellowship with Christ he has no right to enter any pulpit; such a man has quite mistaken his vocation. In the writings of Christ there is no "if," and every public teacher must first firmly grasp the Divine certainties ere he goes forth to publish God's message to the world. Dr. Parker once said, "Talk about preparing your sermons, prepare your selves." There should also be a healthy dogmatism in our preaching; we should not stand up and blush, stammer, and " hum and haw," and say there is some lack of harmony between the antiquated Gospel and what is called " modern thought." We must never in this way deny our Lord. The old Gospel is at the present time the power of God unto salvation ; there is notliing better for weak and sinful man. The end of the public ministry is the result produced; and every preacher should deem his sermons a failure except as they accomplish in saint and sinner the practical object for which he preaches. As the great John Wesley once said, " Our business is to save souls, not to preach so many sermons." It has been said by a returned missionary that in English services there is a conventionalism and want of elasticity; for here the congregation are expected to remain till the sermon is ended, whilst in China the audience get up and go out if the sermon does not satisfy them. An introduction of that custom into England might not do much harm ; at any rate it would do much to promote the efficiency of preaching. I would urge that English preachers introduce the good old principle of open-air preaching, and then everything conventional would fall away. When the Methodists give up openair preaching Methodism will cease. They did give it up to a great extent, and they began to lose grouud. Now they are reviving the practice, and it is being followed by blessed results. In spite of the vagaries and eccentricities of the Salvation Army, that organisation bad taught the Christian churches that they could get the ear of tbe masses if they had enough pluck and Christianity to go amongst them. As to the Luther Commemoration now coming on, I would suggest that on a certain day the evangelical ministers should preach in the open air, for they have allowed the devil to shut them up in their churches and pulpits too long. Clirist and St. Paul, and the great leaders of the Reformation, preached in the open air. The evangelical preacher only requires his sling and a few stones from the Gospel brook, and he is equipped; and he can go on his way of usefulness without the accessories and ceremonies which in some quarters are deemed necessary. This is our great opportunity ; and it is a masterstroke of the powers of evil that this field has been so long left to the ignorant and eccentric. Those who stay at home cannot fairly condemn those who do go forth into the world; and if our Christian churches awake to this fact we shall take the working classes by storm, and no Skeleton Army will be big enough to keep us back. Our sermons will be more real and practical, and if we cannot read our discourses, so much the better. The pulpit is not growing weaker, nor is it less efficient. There is a great future before the Christian ministry of England, if the right methods are adopted and the men are imbued with deep and earnest principles. In conclusion, I will quote the words of Wesley, Give me a hundred teachers who fear nothing but sin, and desire nothing but God, and I care not a straw whether they be laymen or clergymen, such alone will shake the gates of hell, and Bet up the kingdom of heaven upon earth. "—Christian. 