PHILOSOPHY. ECCLESIASTICAL INSTITUTIONS. RELIGIOUS RETROSPECT AND PROSPECT.11 By Herbert Spencer. Unlike the ordinary consciousness, the religious consciousness is concerned with that which lies beyond the sphere of sense. A brute thinks only of things which can be touched, seen, heard, tasted, &c.; and the like is true of the untaught child, the deaf mute, and the lowest savage. But the developing man has thoughts about exis tences which he regards as usually inaudible, intangible, invisible, and yet which he regards as operative upon him. What sug gests this notion of agencies transcending perception? How do these ideas concerning the supernatural evolve out of ideas con cerning the natural ? The transition cannot be sudden; and an account of the genesis of religion must begin by describing the steps through which the transition takes place. The ghost theory exhibits these steps quite clearly. We are shown that the mental dif ferentiation of invisible and intangible beings from visible and tangible beings progresses slowly and unobtrusively. In the fact that the other-self, supposed to wander in dreams, is believed to have actually done and seen whatever was dreamed—in the fact that the other-self when going away a death, but expected presently to return, is conceived as a double equally material with the original, we see that the supernatural agent in its primi tive form diverges very little from the natural; agent—is simply the original man with some added powers of going about secretly and doing good or cviL And the fact that when the double of the dead man ceases to b dreamed about by those who knew him—his non appearance in dreams is held to imply that he is finally dead—shows that these earliest supernatural agents have but a tem porary existence; the first tendencies to a permanent consciousness of the supernatural prove abortive. In many cases no higher degree of differen tiation iB reached. The ghost population, recruited by deaths on the one side, but on the other side losing its members as they cease to be recollected and dreamed about, does not increase, and no individuals in cluded in it come to be recognised through successive generations as established super natural powers. Thus the Unkuluukulu, or old-old one, of the Zulus, the father of the race, is regarded as finally or completely dead, and there is propitiation only of ghosts of more recent date. But where circumstances favour the continuance of sacrifices at graves, witnessed by members of each new genera tion, who are told about the dead, and transmit the tradition, there eventually arises the conception of a permanently existing ghost or spirit. A more marked contrast in thought between supernatural beings and natural beings is thus established. There simultaneously results a great increase in the number of these supposed supernatural beings, since the aggregate of them is now continually added to, and there is strengthening tendency to think of them as everywhere around, and as causing all un usual occurrences. Differences among the ascribed powers of ghosts soon arise. They naturally follow from the observed differences among the powers of the living individuals. Hence it results that while the propitiations of ordi nary ghosts are made only by their descen dants, it conies occasionally to be thought prudent to propitiate also the ghosts of the more dreaded individuals, even though they have no claims of blood. Quite early there thus begin those grades of supernatural beings which eventually become so strongly marked. Habitual wars, which more than all other causes initiate these first differentiations, go on to "initiate further and more decided ones. For with those compoundings of small social aggregates into greater ones, and recom pounding of these into still greater, which war effects, there, of course, with the multi plying gradations of power among living men, arises the conception of multiplying gradations of power among their ghoBts. Thus in course of time are formed the con ceptions of the great ghosts or gods, the more numerous secondary ghosts or demi gods, and so on downwards—a pantheon there being still, however, no essential dis tinction of kind, as we see in the calling of ordinary ghosts manes-gods by the Romans and elohim by the Hebrews. Moreover, re peating as the other life in the other world does the life in this world, in its needs, occu pations, and social organization, there arises not only a differentiation of grades among supernatural beings in respect of their powers, but also in respect of their characters and kindB of activity. There come to be local rgods, and gods reigning over this or that order of phenomena; there come to be good and evil spirits of various Qualities; and where there has been by conquest a superposing of societies one upon another, each having its own system of ghost-derived beliefs, there results an involved combina tion of such beliefs, constituting a mythology. Of course ghosts primarily being doubles like the originals in all things, and gods (when not the living members of a conquer ing race) being doubles of the more powerful men, it resultB that tiiey, too, are originally no less hnmau than ordinary gliosis in their physical characters, their jiassions, and their intelligences. Like the doubles of the ordinary dead, they are supposed to con sume the flesh, blood, bread, wine given to them—at first literally, and later in a more spiritual way by consuming the esseucesof them. They not only appear as visible aud tangible persons, but they enter into con flicts with men, are wounded, suffer pain, the sole distinction being that they have miraculous powers of healing and conse quent immortality. Here, indeed, there needs a qualification; for not only do various peoples hold that the gods die a first death (as naturally happens where they are the members of a conquering race, called gods because of their superiority), but, as iu the case of Pan, it is supposed, even among the cultured, that there is a second and final death of a god, like that second and final death of a ghost supposed among existing savages. With advancing civilization the divergence of the supernatural being from the natural being becomes more decided. There is nothing to check the gradual dematerialization of the ghost and of the god; and this dematerialization is insensibly furthered in the effort to reach consistent ideas of supernatural action—the god ceases to be tangible, and later he ceases to be visible or audible. Along with this differentiation of physical attri butes from those of humanity, there goes on more slowly the differentiation of mental attributes. The god of the savage, represented as having intelligence scarcely if at all greater than that of the living man, is deluded with ease. Even the gods of the semi-civilized are deceived, make mistakes, repent of their plans, and only in course of time does there aiise the conception of unlimited vision and universal know ledge. The emotional nature timultaneously undergoes a parallel transformation. The grosser passions, originally conspicuous and carefully ministered to by devotees, gradually fade, leaving only the passions less related to corporeal satisfactions ; and eventually these, too, become partially de humanised. These ascribed characters of deities are continually adapted and readapted to the needs of the social state. During the mili tant phase of activity the chief god is con ceived as holding insubordination the greatest crime, as implacable in anger, as merciless in punishment; and any alleged attributes of a milder kind occupy buc small space in the Bocial consciousness. But where militancy declines and the harsh despotic form of government apjiropriate to it is gradually qualified by the form appropriate to indus trialism, the foreground of the religious con sciousness is increasingly filled with those ascribed traits of the divine nature which are congruous with the ethics of peace—divine love, divine forgiveness, divine mercy, ore now the characteristics enlarged upon. To perceive clearly the effects of mental progress and changing social life, thus stated in the abstract, we must glance at them in the concrete. If, without foregone conclu sions, we contemplate the traditions, records, and monuments of the Egyptians, we see that out of their primitive ideas of gods, brute or human, there were evolved spiritua lized ideas of gods, and finally of a god, until the priesthoods of later times, repudiating the earlier ideas, described them as corrup tions, being swayed by the universal ten dency to regard the first state as the highest —a tendency traceable down to the theories of existing theologians and mythologists. Again, if putting aside speculations and not asking what historical value the " Iliad" may have, we take it simply as indicating the early Greek notion of Zeus, and compare this with the notion contained in the Platonic dialogues, we see that Greek civili zation had greatly modified (in the better minds at least) the purely anthropomorphic conception of him, the lower human attri butes being dropped and the higher ones transfigured. Similarly, if we contrast the Hebrew God described in primitive tradi tions, manlike in appearance, appetiteB, and emotions, with the Hebrew God as charac terized by the prophets, there is shown a widening range of power along with a nature increasingly remote from that of man. And on passing to the conceptions of him which are now entertained, we are made aware of an extreme transfiguration. By a convenient obliviousness, a deity who in early times is represented as hardening men's hearts so that they may commit punishable acts, and as employing a lying spirit to deceive them, comes to De mostly thought of as an embodi ment of virtues transcending the highest we can imagine. Thus, recognising the fact that in the primitive human mind there exists neither religious idea nor religious sentiment, we find that in the course of social evolution and the evolution of intelligence accompanying it, there are generated both the ideaB ana sentiments which we distinguish as religious; and that through a process of causation clearly .traceable tbey traverse those stages which have brought them among civilized races to their present forms. And now what may we infer will be the evolution of religious ideas and sentiments throughout the future? On the one hand, it is irrational to suppose that the changes which have brought the religious conscious ness to its present form will suddenly cease. On the other hand, it is irrational to suppose that the religious consciousness, naturally generated as we have seen, will disappear, and leave an unfilled gap. Manifestly it must undergo further changes; and, however much changed, it must continue to exist. What, then, are the transformations to be expected ? If we reduce the process above delineated to its lowest terns wc shall see our way to an answer. ! As pointed oat in "First Principles," sec- j tion 96, evolution is throughout its course habitually modified by that dissolution which eventually undoes it, the changes which become manifest being usually but the diffe rential results of opposing tendencies towards integration and disintegration. Rightly to understand the genesis and decay of religious systems, and the probable future of those now existing, we mnst take this truth into account. During those earlier changes by which there is created a hierarchy of gods, demi gods, manes gods, and spirits of various kinds and ranks, evolution goes on with but little qualification. The consolidated mytho logy produced, while growing in the mass of supernatural beings composing it, assumes increased definitenees in the arrange ment of its parts and the attributes of its members. But the antagonist Disso lution eventually gains predominance. The spreading recognition of natural causation conflicts with this mythological evolution, and insensibly weakens those of its beliefs which are most at variance with advancing knowledge. Demons and the secondary divinities presiding over divisions of nature become lesB thought of as the phenomena ascribed to them are more commonly ob served to follow a constant order, and nence these minor components of the mythology slowly dissolve away. At the same time, with growing supremacy of the great god heading the hierarchy, there goes increasing ascription to him of actions which were before distributed among numerous super natural beings: there iB integration of power. While in proportion as there arises the con sequent conception of an omnipotent and omnipresent deity, there is a gradual fading of his alleged human attributes; dissolution begins to affect the supreme personality in respect of ascribed form and nature. Already, as we have seen, this process has in the more advanced Societies, ana especially among their higher members, gone to the ex tent of merging all minor supernatural powers iD one supernatural power; and already this one supernatural power has, by what J>lr. Fieke aptly calls deanthropomor phization, lost the grosser attributes of humanity. If thingB hereafter aie to follow the same general course as heretofore, we must infer that this dropping of human attri bute will continue. Let us ask what positive changes are hence to he expected. Two factors must unite in producing them. There is the development of those higher sentiments which no longer tolerate the ascription of inferior Bentiments to a divinity; and there is the intellectual development which causes dissatisfaction with the crude interpretations previously accepted. Of course, in,pointing out the effects of these factors, I must name some which are fami liar ; but it is needful to glance at these along with others. ( To ht continued.) 