THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. There seems but little doubt that the real burning question in the country is "The Rabbits." The Pre'ss is reccnmeing the im- portance-of the subject, The Daily Telegraph especially, by going in to deal exhaustively with the matter. That journal has obtained the views of .Mr- Walter Madden, ex-Miniete? of Lands, upon the subject. Scarcely any persbn in the colony is more competent to give an opinion; 'and he believes the rabbit nuisance to b9 a national danger, and one of the great difficulties with which, in the future, the whole of Australia will have to struggle. Of course, we are more narticu- larly interested as to Victoria ; and the im portance of the matter, I think, is sufficient exouse for publishing a valuable dooument sent to me by a friend. It is an official re turn of tha number anl value of rabbit- skins exported during each of the ten years from 1874 to 1883 : Eabbitskins Exported. Year. -Number. Value. 1S74 Nil. 1875 Nil. 1876 . 724,985 £6,711 . 1877 700,565 5,790 1878 711,844 6,206 1879 - 1,036,372 7,322 1880 3,309,408 , 21,674 1881 4,473,108 32,217 1882 4,929,432 37,538 1883 " 4,246,596 30,364 Total .. 20,131,310' £147,822 . The reduction of the number of skins in the last year , does not, unfortunately, argue any decrease in the number of rabbits. On the contrary, it was the reeait of a false economy on the pait of the Government in reducing the amount spent in the work of destruc tion, for the rabbits in Victoria, are ad mittedly more numerous now than ever. In eight years over twenty millions of skins have been exported. I am told that this does not by any means represent the numbers killed in the burrows, etc., and that the actual number of rabbits slain in the eight years would be more like one hundred millions. Yet the rabbit nuisance is greater now than ever.' These figures will convey some slight idea to readers as to the terrible rapidity with which these unprofitable " consumers " will populate and devastate a oountry. Babbit" appears to be a very important item on the bill of fire throughout Aus tralia, and I see that in the Tasmanian Assembly the members of the country dis tricts have been echoing the " bitter ory" of the farmers; The following incident, clipped from a Tasmanian paper in reference to one of the deflates,- puzfeles me, I must confess. " Various means" (thus runs the itefli) " for exterminating the pest were suggested, but one coming from the hon. member for East Devon smacks of his soil and reminded his hearers of the celebrated Sc. Patrick expe dient for ridding the country of snakes. Mr. Shoobridge made his debfit by a practical speeoh on the subject, in which he referred to poison as the only efficient means of keeping the rodent" down; but Mr. Dooley sneered at this as the. result of a voyage ronnd the world. ' The hon- member,' said Mr. Dooley, 'should ' have extended the length of his tether, and have gone a little farther, to a oountry where the little things were set dancing by an jnfusion of kijj, and when they had danced themselves- giddy tbey could be easily knocked over and thrown into a eart. The beauty of this system, said the hon gentleman, was that it did not destroy the skin like traps or dogs, nor spoil the fiesh, like poieon.' It was doubted whether kij was not the . vernacular for LL or any other equally-saltatory brand of Irish whiskey, until Mr. Dooley privately explained that it was 'the root of a vegetable like hemp, and was used extensively in the East, mixed with, tobacco and smoked, drank, and used at tbe table -as an after dionar soother Kift to me seems very like getting the rabbits squifi, 'but the mode of administering of the intoxicant is left to the imagination just as the little 'boy is left in ignorance as to how he is to. get the salt on the bird's tail. There has been one private meeting in connection with the elections for the Legis lative Council. It was a meeting between a candidate and a. Jew. The other day an Israelite elector, whose name, I will suppose, was Solomons, called upon Mr. James Monro and asked to be informed if his name was on the electoral roll. "I will soon tell j?oa, Mr. Solomons," said Mr. Monro, turn ing to the S.'s; "What is your Christian name?" ; Some people are determined to get what they go for. Mr Graham Mitchell was recently asked to oome and vaccinate a family " direct from the calf." He presented himself in due course, having in his pocket the necessary supply of calf lymph " points." The father of the family received him, and impressed upon Mr. Mitchell the importance of having thf b vaccination performed properly and direct from the. calf. Mr. Mitchell con curred, and professed himself ready to set about the job at onoe. The father looked surprised. " At ones !" he cried. . " Why, you have not brought the calf with you!" Mitchell explained about the points, but he couldn't take in that firm father. What he wanted waB " vaccination direct from the oalf !" Mr. J. B. Patterson's visit to the old country has not been devoid . cf the usual incidents showing the ignorance of the bulk of " the old folks at home" with regard to , all things Australian. I am told that he has been besieged by questioners who sought to learn all about this strange other-end-of-the world place, its products, resources, etc., etc. Of course, Mr. Patterson gave glowing ac counts of his adopted country, and was willing to afford all tbe information in his power. . One day., however, he was somewhat nonplussed. He had keen furnishing all kinds of Australian information to a small knot of curious inquirers, whei orie of them asked : — " But dpes it take long to learn the lan guage of the oountry ?" My informant does not state whether or not Mr. Patterson tainted. I should imagine that he did. The erratic George PranciB Train, who waa well known In Victoria many days ago, is still living, as. I learn from an exchange. He has fallen foul of the New York Pree, p.ud has been gently.chiding them in print. And this is how the gentle Train runs on the " rails," and does not trouble to put the brake cu. He cslls the Press " venal scoundrels," but the whole apostrophe is worth reading : — " Yenal scoundrel? ! Have at it, \e curs ! Oat/damned sp it ! Wang! Bang! Wh-o-o-o-p! Miscreants all or ye I— -More ink ! — Spartan d Jg8, I hate je ! B .-ast ye in deep down gulf of liquid fire ! Turn the rascals out 1 Come on, feeble carrions, ali of ye. ! Carrions, all of ye ! Carcasses tit for the hounds ! Gof-se fleshed, fevered lepers and paralysed im beetles, I bate ye ! — More ink! Emaciated horned idioms, pack terriers, and gliding ghosts, avauot ! Cap and kme slaves, vapours, m¥nute j;cks, naked guilr, and dish cloth harbingers of pestilential visit?, have at it 1 — More ink !— (Leeu sickness c&rrion; and tallow-faced baggage, away ! Away ! Car buncle-backed toads, dove-feathered hogs, and canvas-backed bellious pale before me ! Turn the rascals out !'' There are certain legislators in Victoria who allow their angry passions to rise and prompt them to launch invectives against the Press ; but, bless us all, tbey are not within miles of the same dictionary as George Francis Train's. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 