CAEOOAB ELECTION. ; length, after aa abaenoa of three years < 1 iromtbeeaored preoincte, Mr, Ezekiel Baker ^iu-obtained a'pftesport, fisthorising biB reentry into Parliament, from wtiph be was iD'1881 expelled for oomplioity in thai^}°re iban shady monetary transaction whiob has i>eebb&n3e;£ down to posterity under the , designation of the iW'born Greek affair. As member for Carooar tor.Baker walked oat ofLtbe House when eentenoe had been proiiounoed again'Bt him, and as member for pprcoar fae will le-enter it now, although his politicalimpurity has by no means been |SrjtfbWl *w«7 by tbe. purging influence of , ibe »onaliaea( «f lb» decision wMqhgaused big banishment. By the step taken in Mr. Baker's favor last year it most not be imagined that the House prononnoed any reversal of its origina' finding. It found Mr. Baker guilty of appropriating to hia own nee, money wbioh had been voted by Parliament for a company to which be held the position of a trustee, and the natnral Qonseqaence of snob finding was bis own expulsion from the ranks of our legislators, in whiah his action bad shown him unwortby of holding a place. The decision ultimately arrived at did not in any way remove this stigma from Mr. Baker's fait fame, and prontnnoed no opinion whatever as to his innocence or coilt. It simply asserted by the very small majority of two votes, that in its previous resolution, which was carried almost ananimonsly, it had gone beyond the powers of which it was legally possessed. This point waB, in the ooo'se of eleotion speeches and press omnmenis, prominently brought forward by one of tlip candidates for Carcoar who was in opposition to Mr. Baker, and wbo sought to make some capital ont of tbe disadvantage under whiob his opponent laboured. In bis own defence, Mr. Baker indignantly attempted to refute tbie view of tbe oase, and sought to prove that by rescinding its previous vote, Parliament bad completely exonerated bim from all blame in connection with tbe Mi barn Crook affiir, from the effects of whiob he had been, wrongfully in bis own opinion, suffering ever since the passing of tbe resolution in 1881. Had Mr. Baker been wise be wonld have left this matter to have passed gradually into th»t oblivion towards wbioh it was slowly but surely progressing. H« bas now re-opened it and most be prepared for its dieenssion in whatever form it miy take. If it is continually to be raked up, the ghost will never be effectually laid until tbe report of the Royal Commission, upon whioh tbe Parliamentary aotion was b »sed,oan bo shown to liave been founded on wrong premisfls, and to ba as unreliable ai Mr. Baker would have us believe it to be. Is be able and willing to undertake that work? It he is, and can successfully aooomplisb it, then the stain wbioh has for so long a period tarnished his good name may be removed,but nntil be does uo political wbituwaehing will in any way affeot it. Meanwhile be re-enters tbe Assembly as tbe chosen representative of Carooar, and in the company amongst which be will again take his seat he will no doubt find many with no greater claims to political parity than he himself possesses, the only difference between him and them being,that although their delinquencies may be well knowD, tbe justice whiah overtook, and for a time overwhelmed him in obscurity, has. for ths present at any rate, passed them by- 