South Creek SOUTH CREEK REVISITED (By Japonica) I love to linger o'er the track Wherever I have been In after years just to look back On sights that I have seen Old places they have charms for me The new can ne'er attain Old places they have charms for me The new can ne'er attain Old faces how I long to see their kindly looks again During the holidays I revisited St Marys my native town. Considerable changes have taken place there the last few years Quite a number of dear old friends whose forms were familiar to me from childhood have gone up Church Hill or out to St John's, including - Sherringham, Paskin Woodlands, Behan, Andrews, Stanton Byrnes, Kendall and Proctor. The old hands are rapidly passing away and strangers are as rapidly filling their places. On my visit the place seemed excessively dull. The old tannery which was a few years ago the life of the place is now idle and the tanning trade is dull indeed. At one time there were no less than twelve tanneries - large and small - in full swing. There were lively times indeed. Curriers at that time could easily earn five pounds a week and spend it too in twenty-four hours. Publican Byrne had to get his till enlarged and filled it then. He used to keep a blind musician who nightly sang pathetic songs to enliven the billiard players. I remember we all remember that sort of thing - he used to sing - I mean the blind man - a not ever polite some call "The Opmibus" to the tune of the "White Cockade" and citizen Dowling who always was morally indignant while that song was being sung, would call all his boys from the street and lock them up in the bakehouse until it was over. Citizen Dowling was born too late to be a Saint but he is .... for all that. he was the boss grocer in those days and generously sold quarter sardines to the carriers at a bob a tin. Speaking of car- riers reminds me that in olden times it was no normal thing to see thirty or forty teams maybe on Victoria Square and in flood times I have seen a hundred. The Victoria Square was a "bully old spot" in those days. It was the battle field where groggy men from the pubs opposite when for each other in anger. Ashton's Circus visited the place annually at that time and played for several nights at a time, but he could not do it now. Plain and fancy dress - especially fancy balls are the only successful entertainments just now. Vic- toria Square has greatly improved and the South Creek people should be proud of it with its pretty white fence fringed with shrubs, its lawn mower and its pavilion. It looks somewhat different to when Alick McLaughlan on behalf of Sir Maurice O'Connell opened it to the public in November 1844. The locality has greatly improved in buildings too. The Protestant Hall makes a fine assembly room. This was greatly needed and reflects great credit upon the Order. The Presbyterian Church is a neat and substantial building but to my mind is wrongly situated. Churches and school should not be built in th prin- cipal thoroughfares. Small towns require all their front streets for business places. I think the white ant must have eaten the Wesleyan Chapel completely up, for I could see nothing of it. However it had quite a lively time of it at one time when Gardiner, Hockey and Giles Brothers - with doxlo- gical faces sang in it. I attended Sunday School there at one time and got a prize from the Rev. W Vercon for repenting without a mistake, the 82nd chapter of Exodus. It is very nice to recall these memories but I'm not much on the Book of Exodus now for I have since been with Joshua to the Jordan but I didn't cross over. The new Post and Telegraph Office is built cottage-like, back from the Street This may be the best position for it to occupy or else I suppose the authorities would not have it put there. I don't know whether the people of St Marys ad- mire the position but I'm sure I don't Perhaps the architect or surveyor who fixed it anticipate big things there and so left room for an additional frontage when the occasion may require; or having in view the likelihood of the place being incorporated left ample room for the proper alignment of the street to be made. At any rate after thirty nine years of dull life and eight changes of residence the post office at St Marys is now like my friend and school- mate John Burgess "settled in life". It may be of interest to the young people at St Marys to know that the Post Office was first opened by Mr W Woodlands on the 8th of November, 1844. The building first used was a long terrace opposite Victoria Square. He kept the Post Office for thir- teen years when poor old Lincoln of happy memory took charge of the office in the old red school-house which position he occupied till his death on August 7th 1868. Then Mr John McLaughlin kept it for a short time in the cottage at present occupied by Johny Stevens. It then moved one door east into Mr W Newell"s hands who soon removed to Church Hill. He built a new office and opened a general store. &c..; close beside the Church of England burying ground. he had a sign outside as large as the church door which read as follows "W. Newell, Auctioneer and Commission Agent". He was the only Auctioneer and Commission Agent to my knowledge who opened busi- ness in St Marys. This was in 1865 but I don't think it was a paying speck unless he may have done a clandestine transoles- tial trade with the Anglican ghosts. It is a wonder the ghost of Captain Gidley King R.N., didn't leave the family vault and slay him. Mr Newell's stay was only of a brief duration as he like many others caught the gold fever and "sought fresh fields and pastures new". Meanwhile the Post Office was transferred to the low lands near Hackett's bridge and kept this time by Mr William Draper, Tailor and Outfitter. He also kept a fruit stall under the verahdah. I particularly remember this for I frequently borrowed choice fruit whenever I went for letters and I always went for letters when I wanted choice fruit. Mr Webb, of the Waterloo Stores followed Mr Draper as Postmaster and kept it for about thirteen years. Then it was shifted back to the old spot where first opened by Mr Woodlands and kept by Mrs Pegus till quite recently. Mrs Russell has charge of the new office. This is a brief history of the Post Office at St Marys. Post Office being in the early days was a miserable affair. Mr Woodlands had the magnificent salary of eight pounds per annum and he held a very undesirable position. The time for opening and closing of the mails was very irregular. The mail coaches scarcely ever rand to time and the result was that country Postmasters were called up at all sorts of hours, hence hereditary profanity in our family. 