" Nay, darling ; nay my bonny ß"V^^|^äl Sat freo each blossom-prisoned ourl, -'-¡ÍSgj Lay those white clusters down ; Let silken snood with maiden graoo Hold back tho ringlots from thy faco, But not that starry crown. " Or let some simpler blossom twine Upon thy forehead, daughter mine, Blush rose or lily white ; Or lot a simple string of pearls Gleam girlishly among thy curls, Upon this festive night. " But take thone waxen blooms away, Ab, darling 1 thoughts I cannot stay Spring in my wakened heart ; ? ? r Pass on, my sweetost, out of sight, Taite thou thy fill of young delight, While I sit here apart." I hear her flutter down tho stair, I hoar the chariot wheels that bear From mo my peerless maid ; Now, wherefore should it wako to-night, That ghost of doad-and-gone delight I thought for ever laid ? The air is heavy with perfume, Out-breathed from that white mass of bloom My ohild laid gently down ; Ah me 1 an old-time sorrow stirs 1 I see on carls as bright as hers A stephanotis crown. Across dark memory's time-worn track A vision of that faoe oomes baok That won my boyish heart ; My wife, the mother of my ohild, What waves of sorrow wide and wild Have set us twain apart. Yet flesh of flesh, and bono of bone, She was to me beloved alone Of all oarth's womankind ; She ruled me with supreme oommand ; I put my honor in her hand, Lovo made mo wholly blind. I kept her from the world apart, I wore her in my inmost heart A pure and perfect pearl ; Ah me 1 I doted over-muoh, I never thought that shame could touoh The mother of my girl ; » Evo 'soaped not sin in Paradise,. And shall her daughters be more wise ? Tho tale is common now ; Through flowery downward paths beguiled, The mother wandorod from her child, Tho wifo forgot hor vow. Yet on that night ot bitter woo Sbo stayed to kiss her child, I know, For by tho littlo bed I found a waxen-potalled flower, Torn, haply, in that parting hour, From hor bright drooping hoad. Now if the green grass waves above Her grave, or if that guilty love Still solaces her lifo, I know not, I may never know, Time cannot bridge tho floods that flow 'Twixt mc and my lost wife. Peace, peace, my heart ; be calm, be strong. The child retrieves tho mother's wrong, Lifo holds new hopes for thee ; The white flowers parish in the flama So may tho past with all its shame Bie ovormoro for mo 1 -All the Year Hound. 