Blue Ribbon Movement. John A. Clark, Chairman of the Blue Ribbon Com mittee, writes me a letter, correcting my statement about his having made a political speech as Chair man of a recent .Blue Eibbon Meeting. He says (and I am only too happy to endeavour to undo any injustice I may have done to Clark) As a matter of truth, the Chairman of the meeting to which Figako refers did make a passing allusion to the fact that some outline of the Ministerial policy had been placed before the pub lic, but he did not for one moment place himself in the position of one, well versed in the secrets of the Cabinet, nor promise on behalf of Ministers that the Government would support a Per missive Bill next Session. The Chairman merely expressed his own. individual opinion, and stated that no policy for the Gov ernment of Queensland could be considered complete and pro gressive unless it dealt with the Liquor Laws, and he added thftt fte did iiot believe that the present Government would oppose a Permissive Bill. I gladly make this amende honorable to Clark, merely remarking that severel intelligent people present at the meeting in question must have sadly misunderstood the purport of his remarks. I was not present myself, neither was any accredited re presentative of Figaro. ' John A. Clark's.letter next travels into a defence of the Blue Ribbon movement Such defence was not needed." Clark's enthusiasm for a good cause has led him to make unwarranted assertions against FiGARO vin the tail-end of a letter, the commence ment of which breathed a spirit of moderation and common sense. Clark inferentially accuses me of asserting that the Blue Ribbon Association made distinctions of class and creed and had distinct party politics of its own.. Nothing is further from the sense of my last week's article. I commended the movement, and only blamed Clark for (as I understood he did) "prostituting a worthy cause." My plain argument was that the Blue Ribbon agita tion was not a, political movement, and that anyone who endeavoured to' Make:it such wofully mistook its functions and scope, and should be publicly reprimanded. Therefore, Clark's tirade against Figaro is a useless tilt against an iiiiagihed ghost, and amounts to sheer nonsense. Let him rest assured that his movement has Figaro's sympathy as being one for the amelioration of the condition of those who are their own greatest enemies. 