What shall be the New Theology ? BY JOSEPN COOE. All science in our time is building an altar to the unknown God. A great event in the progress of natural theology will occur when the coals that now lie on that altar are lighted. Whenever they take fire the flames will mount to the very summit of the heavens. In the twentieth century, on the Mars Hill of the loftiest religious investigation, will be proclaimed the unknown God whom physical science in the nineteenth century has ignorantly worshipped. When I was in India men showed me the tomb of Akbar, on which were written the ninety-nine names of God. Some of the words represent him merely as force, some merely as the absolute and the infinite; but on the marble lying over the tomb of this great king all those names were harmonized. The most philosophical and obscure and cold appellations of the Deil.y were brought into connection with the most religious and vivid and devout names. They were all made to minister to the theistic faith. Our nineteenth century is carving, on the marble of science, names of God as the absolute, the infinite, the unscrutable force lying behind all natural laws. These names are philosophical, obscure, and cold. When the marble is finished, the whole block, as I believe, will be like that which lies above the tomb of Akbar; the devoutest and most vivid and religious appellations will be chiselled on it at last, and we shall find that the absolute, the infinite, the unknown force behind all law, is really the personal God, the King eternal, immortal, invisible, whom Christians worship. Macaulay says that, when the little atheist, Aristodemus, confronted Socrates, Xenophon heard the latter refute him in reasoning of which Paley's natural theology is an exact parallel. Socrates makes the same use of the statues of Polycletus and the pictures of Zeuxis which Paley makes of the watch. " Natural theology, then," Maculay aflirms, " is not a progressive science." (" Essay on Ranke's History of the Popes.") But, if the fire on the altar of the unknown God can be made to rise to the heavens, if on Akbar's tomb the ninetynine names can be unified, there will be progress. The greatest events in natural theology in that portion of its history now opening and passing, seem to be the completion of the chiselling of these names, and the lighting of that fire. How are we to state the argument in proof of the existence of a personal God ? How should this great chain of reasoning be constructed in the present position of philosophic and scientific and theological thought ? 1\. Although not strictly a self-evident truth, the existence of God is a native belief, a constitutional conviction, an ultimate idea, a spontaneous faith, an instinctive perception, an axiomatic certainty of the soul. In the use of the phrase " native belief " I am following President McCosh's celebrated work on " The Intuitions of the Mind," the best authority on that high theme that the English language now contains. He does not admit that our perception of the Divine existence is strictly an intuition, although it has as much certainty as if it were. 2\. A distinction must be made between an intuition, strictly so-called, and an ultimate idea of the reason; and also between an axiom and an axiomatic postulate, and between a self-evident proposition and a self- evident problem, and between a self-evident truth and an irresistible native belief. In mathematics a distinction is made between an axiom and an axiomatic postulate, between a self-evident proposition and a self-evident problem. A similar distinction is to be made in the use of self-evident truths in philosophy and theology. The Divine existence is a truth lying wrapped up in our intuitions, or the selfevident truths and axioms. A very slight analysis of them gives us perfect axiomatic certainty of the Divine existence. But, first, this analysis, or very little opening of the truths, and a comparison of them with each other, is necessary. We find that the " fool can say in his heart there is no God." simply because the fool does not follow out his thoughts to the ultimate ideas enveloped in them ; he will not make this analysis. The moral fool will not yield to his moral instincts, and so find God. And thus men unawakened intellectually and religiously debate on the question whether there be a God. 3\. A native belief or constitutional conviction of the soul has some, though not all the marks of self-evident truth. Among its traits are inconceivability of the contrary, persistency and consistency. One of the tests of strictly intuitive truth is, of course, self- evidence; the truth asserted in the native belief of the soul, differs from an intuition in not being absolutely self-evident, although it is so evident as to make the contrary absolutely inconceivable. 4\. A native belief may result from instinct or from the simple comparison of intuition with intuition, or of intuition with instinct. 5\. It is a native belief or ultimate idea of the soul that absolute beings exist. What do I mean by absolute being ? Being not dependant on any other ; being that stands outside all necessary relations ; the first cause. 6\. Atheism and agnosticism and even materialism assert the existence of a First Cause or Absolute Being. Herbert Spencer teaches that the existence of an absolute power, that is, a self-existent, self-sustaining power, is the highest certainty of science. If there are finite beings there muBt be an Infinite Being. If there are dependent beings there must be an Independent, or Self-existent Being. " The existence of a non-relative," says Herbert Spencer himself, "is unavoidably asserted in every chain of reasoning by which relativity is proved." (Spencer, " Psychology," Vol. I. p. 209). The axiomatic truths of physical science unavoidably postulate absolute being as their common basis. Deeper than demonstration, deeper, even, than divine cognition, deep as the very nature of the mind is the postulate at which we have now arrived. Its authority transcends all others whatever. 7\. The wood that is laid on the altar of the unknown God is very capable of being kindled. It is admitted on all hands that the ultimate ground of the universe must be self-existent, the cause of all to finite existence. Spencer goes so far as to attribute to this ultimate force beneficence. He will not attribute to it personality; he says we cannot know whether it is personal or not; but on that point something very incisive is to be said in the present state of the discussion. 8\. The supreme question of philosophy has been as to the personality of the ultimate force of the Absolute Being. 9\. One step of progress in natural theology in our time has been the complete overtlf ow of the subtlest modern materialistic definition of matter. 10\. After the abandonment of this definition, atheism, agnosticism and materialism become untenable. 11\. The proof of man's personality is easy and complete; and this includes proof of his freedom and accountability. 12\. The authority of the intuitions cannot now be undermined by the theory that they are the result of hereditary transmission. 13\. Our intuition of the good and the right as well as of the true and beautiful, if they have been developed by hereditary descent, must have resulted from[impressions continually made on the race by the Eternal Power, not ourselves, that makes for righteousness. We feel that Power now. But all that is in it now must have been in it from the first. Therefore, what our intuitions and instincts tell us now cannot be impeached. Even if you were to explain the origin of the intuitions by the theory of hereditary transmission, as no one yet has done, you would not invalidate their authority. 14\. The familiar argument from the moral instincts of conscience as to the existence of God and the certainty of judgment to come remains unassailable. 15\. The argument from causation in proof of the personality of the First Cause remains in full force. 16\. The argument from design, or prcconforinity to a future event, has all its force. (See Janet on " Final Causes," last edition.) 17\. There is therefore in the universe thought not our own. 18\. But there cannot be thought without a thinker. 19\. A thinker is a person. 20\. There is, therefore, in the universe, not an eternal somewhat merely, which makes for righteousness, but, au Eternal Some One, who makes for righteousness and from whom, forever and forever, we cannot escape. If matter will not explain the universe, then the universe must be explained by mind. But never, in the whole history of thought, lias it been more clear than it is to-day that matter will not explain the universe. The efforts of twenty centuries to frame a materialistic theory that is not wrecked by its own self-contradictions have notoriously failed. The overthrow of materialism overthrows atheism and agnosticism from turret to foundation 6tone. The subtlest modern materialistic definition of matter is as self-contradictory as any definition that it supersedes. In the name of clearness of thought scholars reject the new definition as contemptuously as they did the ancient ones. Who has given the subtlest modern definition of matter? Not Spencer, not Huxley, not Tyndall, but Alexander Bain. What are the qualities of a good definition ? There should be in a definition no figurative language, no metaphor ; no ambiguous word, no term, no idea not positively clear and distinct. While you keep in mind these qualities of a good definition let me recite Alexander Bain's definition of matter. He says : " Matter is a double- faced somewhat, physical on one side and spiritual on the other." What is a what ? What is the side of a what ? What is the face of a what ? What is the side of a double-faced somewhat ? Serious physical science repudiates this definition. Lionel Beale said to me, in his own study : " It is obevious nonsense ; put it is very difficult to make the nonsense obvious to the mass of average readers and hearers." Professor Yeitch, the biographer of Sir William Hamilton and Professor Calderwood, who is Hamilton's successor, both indorsed these words of Linonel Beale. We have commonly been taught that there are two things in the universe—matter and mind—differing, as Sir William Hamilton used to say, by the whole diameter of being. We are certainly conscious of two sets of attributes in the objects of the existence of which our faculties inform us. On the one hand we have material objects possessing extension, form, inertia ; on the other, we have apparently immaterial objects, such as thoughts, choices, and emotions, without any of these qualities. Suppose we try to talk of mind in the terms we apply to matter, and see what sense we shall make. When Ca:sar saw Brutus stab, and muffled up his face beneath Pompey's statue, was his grief round or square ? When Columbus first saw the New World, was his joy triangular or dodecahedral ? When Lincoln manumitted the slaves, was his gladness in being of service to the race cubical or spherical ? If the imagination of an ordinary man weighs an ounce, did that of Shakespeare weigh a ton ? It is the most atrocious absurdity to endeavour to speak of mind in the terms that rightly belong to the matter, or the reverse. Professor Bain admits that these two sets of qualities exist, and that they are opposites. He says, in one of his most famous books, that " inertia and extension are two of a long list of qualities, all present in matter and absent in mind." Notice that concession. He admits that these opposite and antagonistic qualities cannot belong to one and the same substance at one and the same time, without selfcontradiction. You cannot, of course, have a table round and square at the same time ; you cannot have a table black and white at one and the same time and in one and the same place. Professor Bain abandons all the old forms of materialism. He inbents a new materialistic theory. He is a shrewd Scotchman, and he sees the necessity for a novel scheme of materialistic philosophy. Materialism asserts, in all its forms and schools, that there is but one substance in the universe—namely, matter. Now, into that one substance, Professor Bam must put these opposite qualities, extension and no extension, colour and no colour, weight and no weight, inertia and no inertia. How does he do it ? Let the qualities of matter and those of mind be represented by spikes driven into a deal-board from opposite sides. It is plainly impossible to drive the spikes from opposite sides into the same space at the 6ame time. You caunot have in one and the same substance extension and no extension, inertia and no inertia, colour and no colour at one and the same time and in one and the same sense. Professor Bain, therefore utterly abondons every old form of materialism. He knows that centuries of hammering have failed in trying to drive the spikes in this way. What does he do ? He says that the only method by which these antagonistic qualities can belong to one substance, without self-contradiction, is the method of close succession. The only union possible in this case is the union of close succession. Now, if I were speaking only before scholars, I should say Professor Bain confuses close succession with union. No matter how close the succession is it is not union in any such sense as to justify him in asserting that there is but one thing in the universe—namely, matter—and that it is physical on one side and spiritual on the other. But speaking here, before a mixed assembly, I must make this point clear by an illustration. Professor Bain says you c annot drive these spikes, the qualities of matter and those of mind, at one and the same time, in one and the same place, but that you may drive them by the method of close succession. He drives in here the quality of extension, draws it out swiftly and drives in no extension • drives in colour, draws it out swiftly and drives in no colour ; drives in weight, draws it out swiftly and drives in no weight; drives in inertia, draws it out swiftly and drives in no inertia; and so he obtains what he calls a double-faced somewhat physical on one side, spiritual on the other. In other words, Professor Bain does assert that, although you cannot by any possibility have the door yonder open and shut at one and the same time (I suppose you are all sure of that. Aristotle built his whole philosophy on the proposition that a thing cannot be and not be at one and the same time in one and the same sense); nevertheless, says Professor Bain, if you open and shut the door fast enough, if you open and shut it by the method of close succession, you can have it open and shut at the same time, and it will be a double-faced somewhat physical on one side and spiritual on the other, and will be an entrance to a new temple of materialistic philosophy. Now, I ask whether this is clear, or a Scotch mist? I beg pardon of all Scotchmen here. Oh! for another hour of Dugald Stewart, or Thomas Reid, or Sir William Hamilton, to tear in tatters this web of Belf-contradiction. The truth is, as Professor Ycitch said to me in Glasgow, that whenever competently-trained scholars read that definition they laugh at it. Is its nonsense obvious ? If I lmd not stepped into this vapor, you would have said that I feared that a ghost is in it. It is dense and glittering, but only fog, after all. The doctrine that matter and mind are two distinct things never stood better than it does to-day in the highest place of physical research. Matersalisin has no footing on the heights of culture. I say this in spite of the fact that a number of very eminent physiologists call themselves materialists. Professor Tyndall delivered a Belfast address once, and the whole force of it was in that definition of Professor Bain's. Pulverize that definition, and you pulverize the keystone of the arch on which atheism, agnosticism, and materialism stand in our time. Make it clear to yourselves that the opposite qualities of matter and of mind, of which we are conscious, cannot belong to one substance, and it will be clear that there must be two substances—matter and mind—throwing away utterly to the rats and the bats, atheistic and agnostic and materialistic systems, and you will find yourself able to grasp with clear scientific conviction the doctrine of natural supernaturalism. Matter may transmit force, but does not originate it. All force and motion in matter originate in mind. Natural law, therefore, is only the fixed method of action of an Omnipotent God. The coals of fire on the altar of the unknown God of natural law are kindled, and the flame mounts to the highest heaven. 