ttoveltet n INTRIGUE." CHAPTER HL—(CoknuuBD.) By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. H And now, dear, I trust your tronblesjare ^t an end, and you "will find happiness in our ^quiet English borne," said Lilias, softly stroking the golden head-on her lap, heedless of . the havoo her fingers made amongst the tiny curls._ "An opera singer ! " ejaculated lbs. Cunninghame, holding up her hands. " Thank'Heaven, my dear child, for having saved you, a Bering, from such a horrible Jate."^ Gidia's drooping eyelids hid her contempt Ira: .that lady's old-fashioned prejudices, then in at onoe, springing lightly to her feet, she «aid," I will sing to you." Without awaiting • reply; die tripped across the room, seated herself atthe piano, and commenced, withoirtany prelude, that most beautiful air from Cluck's most beautiful opera of " Orfii che Faro." The grand, thrilling voice flooded thewhole room with sweet harmony, and when its last echo had died away, tears were ' Streaming silently down Lilias' fair cheeks, and Mrs. Cunninghame sat looking with amazement at the fragile, diminutive form, from which such a volume of sound issued. Gidia in truth possessed a most rare voice, —« voice that had created a sensation, and had astonished more experienced and unprejudiced ears than those of her present audience. Itwould seem that her soul—suoh a soul as Lilias possessed—had passed entirely intolier voice, enabling her to interpret grand ideas, of which she was in reality quite inoapable of understanding the meaning. That night Lilias Dering offered up a fervent thanksgiving for the advent of the girl *ho she believed had been sent by a kind and merciful Providence to fill the aching void in her heart, and prayed long and earnestly she might be guided aright, so that her beautiful niece might never feel the loss of a mother's care. If she could .have foreseen how her future was to be influenced by this.girl, with the fair face and glorious voice, the thanksgiving would have been turned into agprayer for mercy. When Gidia, after affectionately Ibiddinj good-night -to her aunt and Mrs. Cunning hame, had taken possession of the pretty bedroom allotted to her, carefully looked the door, and inspected closely with a critical eye detail of the pleasant sitting-room leading from it, her face lost entirely its open, innocent expression, and assumed that of an experienced woman of the world who feels she has succeeded in'making a good bargain. "It is even better than I expected I" she exclaimed, as she turned over the costly ornaments on her dressing-table. "What a tool I should have been to have stayed and slaved my life away with Silvio, though how the poor fellow will rave at losing me? And all this by right of birth is mine "—with an indignant stamp of her small foot. "My father was the only eon, the heir, and this pale-faced prudish thing, who is. so wonderfully patronising, is only a usurper, and she knows it I" she said viciously. "Still I might be worse off "—she stood in front of the long minor, clasping her hands behind her—"and with that face and figure" pointing to her reflection—"and these brains" —taming her little head with her forefinger —who knows what chances I may have of outstripping her in the race of life. What fools these English are 1" she went on reflectively. "How easily.deceived, in spite of their cold mantle of pride 1 I could not have taken in Silvio like this, not if I had tried for «vir axd ever. Poor Silvio 1" " These were her : last words, as she nestled •berpretty face amongst the lace and linen of bar downy -pillows, and sank into a sleep, peaoeful and dreamless as that of a child. OHAPTEE IV. "If I should meet thee, After long years, How shall I greet thee?" Gidia Dering had been an inmate of the priory more than a year, and quite fallen Into her place as one of the family. She had gained a firm hold on Mrs. Cunninghame's heart, her resemblance to Lilias having made a favorable impression in the first instance, . and a jndioious course of flattery and attention accomplishing the rest. Still she had not succeeded as well as she had hoped in the subjugation of her aunt, who, though fondly attached to the bright young creature, failed to find in her society the comfort and happiness sheat first hoped for. Aunt andTneioe lived on terms of .affection, but Lilias revisedpainfolly she had approached no nearer to tiie girl's inner, self than the first evening they met. Try as she might, she could discover no bond of sympathy, nothing of mutual interest, to draw their hearts closer together, andshe strove mainly to lead the young mind to higher inspirations than the mere clothing of her pretty person, the only thing which appeared of vital importance to Gidia. The girl would listen attentively, her blue eyes very wide open, and when her aunt had ceased,'fling her arms caressingly around her neck and kissing her demonstratively, exclaim—"Xou clever darling I ho w can a poor ignpreni little goose like your Gidia ever ™ d S' tond sn °k things ? Inwardly thinking v=="What a tiresome bore these perpetual kotoesare." _ JMlias would return the embrace with a fflgh^sayingto herself, "Perhaps I expect too much* and do: not make sufficient allowance fer.oar different training. She is but achild, nice Undine before she found her soul, only ited grant the fault, if any, does not unknow- "Bt with me, or that I have come short to the child of my adoption." had quite failed to interest Pet schemes, or to induce the her on her round of visits poorer neighbors, and she \- wondered how one BO gentle and ^gtt0ing»8ierneice appeared generally, could k® 80 diffioult to move. In rjfp* ^!^, J*® 8 becoming dreadfully weary KgWw- fcfe-'fhe was leading, the life which at Jim, with its nnaccustomed luxuries and nnpmitedJI supply of pin-money, had appeared trihw de rou to the little Bohemian, and < sometimes tempted to throw it op and return to that -which she had before "If I had stayed with Silvio I might have beoome a great diva ltke-Patti or Neilson, receiving homage even from crowned heads," she -would think regretfully. «« But how hard the work wbb, the waiting how wearisome, the poverty how horrible 1" as die looked at the pretty goxnB and costly nick-nacks her aunt's generosity had enabled her to indulge in. " Poor Silvio I I wonder if he was very angty, and, whether he missed me very much. I suppose he is still struggling for the fame he is bo confident of winning—some day 1" What was the good of her pretty bright costumes (which cost her as much thought as an inventor would expend on some in tricate piece of mechanism) when everyone at Culverden was either too old or too blind to appreciate them, she thought impatiently. Even Mr. Marsden's curate (for the old man was too feeble to do duty now, having had a paralytia stroke) was a married man with ten children. Decidedly this consummate little actress was getting tired of her insignificant rfife, and would probably have been tempted to seek a wider field for the exercise of her talents, but for an event which filled her scheming twain with renewed energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, if successful, to raise her from the dead level of existence, which had become so wearisome and intolerable. Certainly, she was obliged to confess, the plan she had formed had very little chance of success, but, even provided she failed to gain her end, she would etQl have had some pleasure in the delightful sense of plotting and scheming, in which her wicked little heart rejoiced. Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into summer, and Gidia was seated in her aunt'B morning room(a small octagonal chamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how she should manage to get through another long; uneventful day. Her hands were idly clasped above the golden head, whose myriads of frizzy little curls completely covered her low clytic-like forehead, forming a deoided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids. The different character of aunt and niece was even discernible in their toilet. Lilias' dreisB was of plain black cashmere, which fell in large flowing folds to the ground, and was relieved by snow white bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome head was arranged gracefully a square of filmy white lace, and her sole ornaments were the locket and ring, which had been Balph Disney's parting gift. Gidia's dainty little figure was clothed in an indescribable arrangement of pink, scarcely subdued by multitudinous lace flounces, amongst which flashed bright bows and loops of rose-colored ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty dimpled hand, on which sparkled many jewels, was constantly raised to the rosy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide the irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving indus< triously, was about to suggest something for the employment of her niece's idle little fingers, when the door opened and Mrs. Cunninghame entered hurriedly: " My dear —addressing Miss Dering—" a mounted messenger from the Bectory with a letter for you, whioh I have brought myself "—handing it to her—"fearing there might be bad news of Mr. Marsden." Lilias took it from Mrs, Cunninghame's haiid, and opening it, quickly found a few lines from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed was Balph Disney's long looked-for letter. At the sight of her lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over the fair face, causing Gidia to open her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment inoreased, for when her aunt hadread the Bector's letter, telling the joyful tidings of .Balph'B homecoming, her faoe, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and Lilias suddenly, covered her tell-tale eyes with both hands as if to shut out a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming oonsoious that two pairs of enquiring eyes were fixed upon her, she rose to her feet— _ There is nothing amiss," and Gidia's quick ear caught the new happy ring in her aunfs voice. "Mr. Marsden is well, and writes in excellent spirits," and anxious to be alone she moved towards the door. Thehandle was in her-hand, when she appeared to. remember some further explanation was probably expected, and turning to Mrs. Cunnlhghame, she said in a low, quick voioe, 11 He tells me Balph is on his way to Culverden," and without another word left the room. All this was a mystery to Gidia, who was quite on the qui vive, and dying to know the cause of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Cunninghame sank into the chair Lilias had just vacated, her kind, old face beaming with pleasure. "Balph Disney oomiog at last! Thank God!" she said rapturously. My darling Lilias will now be repaid for her long, lonely years of waiting," and tears of thankfulness streamed down the withered old cheeks^ "But tell me," said Gidia, coming over and kneeling beside Mrs. Cunninghame's chair, " who is this Ralph, and what does it all mean?" "Is it possible, after having lived with all these months, yon have never heard Balph Disney? " in tones of amazement; " bui then, dear liiliaa is so reservedit is hardly be wondered at, after all. Sir Balph Disne has not been to Culverden for tea years, ar I have every reason to believe he now comi to renew an engagement with your aunt which ended abruptly by the wish of the squire." "Oh, how romantic," cried Gidia, bravel stifling another .yawn, for a romance of wl" ' she herself was not the heroine failed to interest her. "Pray tell me all about, like a dear," and she settled herself on a lo stool to listen, or to sleep. Mrs. Cunning hame was only too ready to pour out all she' had to tell, so proceeded to impart to the fair- haired girl at her feet her aunt's love stoiy. Gidia listened at first listlessly, then suddenly as an idea appeared to strike -her, she gave her undivided attention to the garrulous old lady. When Mrs. Cunninghame, quite out of breath, stopped speaking, Gidia asked slowly —"Then they are not really engaged? you are not oertain Sir Balph is coming to many auntie? Perhaps he only just wants to see his uncle." Well, my dear, no, of course I am not quite certain, but after being so devoted to Lilias there can be little doubt of his intentions.". _ " Then why did he not come directly grandpapa died ? " asked Givia. "I have often wondered myself," confessed Mrs. Cunninghame. " I dare say he thought it best to wait till her time of mourning had expired." "And he is so noble, so rioh," said the girl, enquiringly. "Sir Balph Disney's wealth is simply fabulous," replied the old lady; " but what is of far greater importance considering how rioh your aunt is also, his family is the most ancient in England. His mother, the only daughter of the Duke of Twyford, was the greatest heiress, as well as the most lovely woman of her day. I must say I thought Mr. Dering acted in a highly injudicious manner when he so peremptorily dismissed poor Balph, for it was a marriage in every way most suitable. It seems but yesterday it ail happened," she went on, musingly; " only Lilias has altered greatly. She waB so sweet and fairy-like in those days, though I must say, my dear, if yon did not dress your hair in that outlandish fashion, or wear your frocks so very full and •ver4rimmed l you would be her very picture." " Thanks for the compliment) you flattering dfar," laughed Gidia, gaily. Then went on— * I remember in the portrait you showed me of auntie, taken ten years ago, she wears a plain white gown, without a single ribbon or flounce. I, too, intend having some simple white dresses made for me," she added with studied carelessness; "they will be so cool and comfortable now the warm* weather is coming on. I amfgoinggtoisee if I can find auntie some Neapolitan violets, bo good-bye, you darling, you," and after dropping a birdlike kiss on the old lady's withered cheek, Gidia tripped away into the garden. There she strolled under the old apple trees in the orchard, where the grass was white with their fallen blossoms, her brain busily at work, her mind full of the scheme which the events of the morning had conjured up. " Have I a ghost of a chance ? " she said to herself, " and even if I were to Bucceed, dare I carry it through to the end ? Oh, it would be glorious to defeat that canting, coldblooded aunt of mine, who has Btolen my birthright 1 Bnt if Silvio were to discover who I really am, and follow me, what would happen then ! But there! it is not likely he ever will, poor fellow, so I shall take every advantage of what fate throws in my way. Beally it would be tempting Providence if I did otherwise." And she gave a shallow, little laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished the next few days at the change whioh appeared to have come over her young niece—Gidia was so docile, so anxious to please, and altogether so mach more in earnest than she had ever been before, that her aunt thought the girl's soul had at last commenoed its awakening, and she thanked God for the many blessings He was showering on her. For the firat time, too, Gidia volunteered to acoompany Miss Dering on her charitable errands, and delighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Even her personal appearance underwent a change, and one morning when she appeared at the breakfast table even Mrs. Cunninghame, who was very shortsighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise. The curling tongs had evidently been discarded that morning, for the masses of tiny curls had all disappeared, with the exception of a few rebellions rings on the forehead, and the golden hair was smoothed and twisted simply round the back of her head. The be-frilled pink costume was also banished, and its place taken by a plain white caehimere, which showed the curves of her buddingform to perfection. Gidia blushed and dimpled as MisB Dering, kissing her tenderly, said a few kind words of approval. " I thought it would please you Auntie darling," Bhe said prettily, " I meant to do it long ago, only I am such a little coward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright." " I do not think you need have the least fear of that, dear," and Lilias smiled as she looked at her niece's pretty face, before turning to the table to take up her letters. There were not many, and Gidia furtively kept an eye on one which had not been evidently through the post, and in which she recognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsden. Miss Dering read it through twice, then raising her head looked towards Mrs. Cunninghame and said calmly: " Sir Balph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that he will reach Culverden to-night. The dear old man is evidently very excited, and I am afraid that it is not good for him, in his feeble state of health." " To- night! Then we shall without doubt see him at the Priory early to-morrow,'' -said the old lady, with a world of meaning in her ? g of grey amongst the brown curls. Balph laughed heartily at his uncle's inspection. " You see I am getting quite ancient, not far off forty, the age when a fellow begins to go down hill with a run. Remember what a life I have led the past ten years, not one calculated to make me wear well." "Ah, but you will settle down now, my boy," said the old man in tones of conviction, at which Balph smiled, but said nothing. When Balph awoke the next morning, and found himsdf onee more in his old lavenderscented room at the Bsctory, he felt inclined to fancy these years of wandering had been but a strangely vivid dream. The young summer day was bright and warm, and when Balph threw open the window, the clustering creamy roses nodded a sweet perfumyi welcome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took possession of him, as if it had never wavered since the day he and sweet Lilias Dering had plighted their troth. How impatiently he longed to hear the sound of her voice, how slowly the morning passed. Over and over again did Balph picture to himself their meeting, what she would say, how she would look, and when at last he started on his way to the Priory, he was living almost in the past, in a world of shadows. He was onoe more young Balph Disney, the impetuous lover of the child-like, tender-eyed girl, and the cloud which had arisen between them was forgotten. All nature even seemed to have conspired to keep up the deception, and remind him of that summer, ten years ago, as he went along the sunny cliffs, passed the white flag-staff round which the mild-faoed sheep were nibbling at the golden-hearted daisies, and turned into the familiar beech avenue. The glamor of old daye when love dawned was upon him, the long weary years whioh had come between were no more remembered, and he looked towards the shrubbery as if expecting to see there the glimmer of his love's white robes. His heart beat tumultuously as he ap preached the Priory, for there, near the open windows, sat the form he had pictured so often that morning. This sweet young girl, with the shining hair and downcast eyes,'the pure white dress, the rose at her throat, was his lily, his love. It was the. faoe he had kissed so often, so fondly,—the face that had visited him in dreams,—the face that had come be fore him in the silent night watohes thousands of miles away. A little reflection would have saved him and others from much misery, but alas! he never stopped to realise the mistake and in another moment had clasped her to his heart, and was raining kisses on the golden head pressed so madly to his breast. "Lily," he whispered, "look up, my love, my own one." For the spaoe of a moment Gidia allowed her wicked little head to rest where Balph had placed it, just for a moment' only, to hide the gleam of triumph shining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, she freed herself from his embrace, and pushing him from her, cried indignantly—" Oh, how could you ? how dare you take suoh a shocking liberty"—her bosom heaved and panted—" You are just like them all—you treat me like a child, a mere baby, without sense or feeling." Here she broke into Bobs, covered her face with her pretty hands to watch what impression she had made. Poor Balph raised his hands to his eyes like one blinded or suddenly dazed; then he looked at the little woman before him in utter bewilderment, and unconsciously repeated almost the first words, Lilias had said to her neice —"But who are you?" Wild thoughts of fairys and trollB, reoolleotionsof old German legends, were coursing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated surprise answered— " Who am I? Why, Lilias Dering, of oourse—who else could I be ? " Lilias Dering," repeated Balph, wonderingly ; " not Squire Dering's Lilias, my—" " Oh, no "—and Gidia interrupted him with a merry, ringing laugh like a peal of silver bells—"not that horrid old man's daughter —nothing nearer than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. Just fanoy anyone mistaking me for poor dear old aunt Lilias—it is quite too funny for anything; but I think I can guess who you are now"—she held out both her hands confidently—" Sir Balph Disney, you must be, and, oh 1 I am so thankful you are not old and ugly like everyone else auntie knows." "Why, child," said Balph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in spite of his secret annoyance at his mistake as the truth dawned upon him, " did you expect to find me a Metheusalah ? " " Well, very nearly," she confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a swift upward glance from under her long lashes, " for they told meyouwere my aunt's—but there, it Would never do to tell you what they said, as •fknow now it was not true, because you are not old—not the least bit," she added encouragingly, Balph had managed to recover his selfpossession, but how different an aspect affairs wore now, to what they had done only an hour before. He had suddenly awakened from his love-dream (at least as far as Lilias was concerned), and the sweet visions of the morning had all melted away before the fairylike touoh of this dainty little beauty. He could not for the life of him pioture his old love otherwise than a rather prim, middleaged lady, perhaps with spectacles. Try as he would, the bright young faoe of her neice came between him and the image he had so vividly remembered only that very morning. However, pulling himself together with an effort, he uttered some very lame excuses for his apparent rudeness (which Gidia, blushingly, shyly, accepted), and then rather stiffly suggested their joining Miss Dering. (To be Continued.) 