THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S EXPERIMENT. In a ground floor-room la one of the large public buildings of London a man sat writing at a table covere il with papers. He was a shu t, it-ongly-built figure, with a prominent nose, acil a face hard and massive as a granite statue, wearing the set look peculiar to men who have Burmounted great diifi' cultien and confronted great perils. Few, indeul, hsd had more p'jctice in both than this man, for he was no other t ian the Duke of Wei iogton, and his crowning victory at Waterloo was stil but a few years old There was the tinkle of a bell outBide, and then a murmur of voices in the ante-room; but the duke never raised his head from his vritiig, even when his secretary enttrsd and said—"If it please yonr Grace, that man with the bullet-proof breaet-plato has called agaio, and wishes very much to see your Grice fer a moment, The Duke's face darkened, as well it m'ght, for the man in question was the most pertinacious bore whom he had ever encountered. The bullet proof cuirass was his own invention, and he never lost a chance of declaring that the safety of tbe whole British army de panded upon its instant adoption of this "unparalleleddiscovery," which he car ri( il about with him, and exhibited at all times and in all places. Had this baen all, he would soon have baen disposed of; but, unluckily, he had oontrived to interest ir his invention one or two of the Duke's per sonsl friends, and to git from them letters of reoommendation whioh even Wellington conld not easily disregard. Something most clsaily be done, however; for, although the M ow bad hitherto been kept at b>y, he was evidently determined to give the Duke no peace till the matter had been fully gone into. For a moment Wellington looked so grim that the secretary began to hope for toe order which he would gladly have obeyed, viz., to kick the inventor into the street forthwith. But tbe next instanoe the iron face cleared sgain, and over it played the very ghost of a smile, like a gleam of winter sunshine npou a precipioe. "Show him in," said the Duke briefly. The obBervant secretary noted both the tone and the smile that aocompanled it; and he inwardly decided tbat it would have been better for that inventor if he had not insisted on seeing the Duke, In came the great discoverer—a tall, slouching, shabby, slightly red-nosed man, with a would-be jaunty air, which gave way a little, however, before tbe " Iron Duke's " penetrating glanoe. " I am glad to think that your Grace appreoiateB the merits of my invention," said he, in a patronising tone. " Tbey are, indeed, too important to bs undervalued by any great commander. Your grace cannot fail to remember'the bavee made by your gallant troops at Waterloo among the French oairasBiers, whose breasi plates were not bullet-proof; whereas, if—." " Have yon got the thing with you," interrupted Wellington. The inventor nnwrapped a very showy looking cuirass of polished steel, and was just b ginning a lorg lecture upon its merits, when the Duke cut him short by asking—"Are you quite Bare it is balletproof?" " Qaite sure, your Grace." "Put it on, then, and go and stand in that corner." The other wonderingly obeyed. "Mr Temple," shouted Wellington to his secretary, "t lithe sentry outside to load with bill cartridge, and come In here to test this cairass. Quick, now !" Bat, qaiok though the secretary was, the inventor was quicker still. The moment he realised tbat he had baen set up there on purpose to be fired at, and to be shot dead on the spot if his cuirass turnen out to be not ballet-proof after all. he leaped headlong through the open window with a yell worthy of a Black-foot Indian, and, darting like a rocket aci'JBB the courtyard, vanisned through the oater gateway; ncr did the Duke of Wellington, from that d>y fcrth, ever see or hear of him again.— David Ker, in Editor's Drawer, Harper's Magazine for October. 