The Miscellany LITERATURE. THE UBIQUITOUS ENGLISH NOVEL. Australia — Philiberta ; an Australian novel, by Thorpe Talbot (nom de plume), Asia—Mr. Isaacs, by F. Marion Crawford. America—A Woman's Reason, by W. D. Howells. Africa—Story of an African Farm, by Ralph Iron (nom de plume), Europe—All in a Garden Fair, by Walter Besant, (Concluded from last week.) In the " Story of an African Farm" we have quite new ground for fiction taken up by a new hand—a 'prentice hand to construction, but a master hand as to power and passion. Out of the depths of a hard spiritual experience has come this strange cry from the wilderness. How calmly our forefathers took the dogmas of Calvinism! How they rejoiced to have escaped from the yoke of Rome, and yet bound on their shoulders one which their descen- dants of modern time find still more galling. Read the struggles of the sincere and kindly soul of John Bunyan in "Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners," and we shall see that it was only his own personal salvation that was in question. Was he to be saved or damned? There was no question as to the righteousness of the fiat in his mind. Himself saved, he acquiesced in the justice of the general condemnation. How different the picture of the boy Waldo listening at night to the ticking of his good father's watch, when he has heard that at each tick a human creature died and went— Whither? He had been told by all those whom he felt bound to believe that few would be saved and many would be lost; and he tried to arrest the doom by his prayers. 'Only for each moment I am praying here save one! Oh, my God, save them! Save them while I pray !" No single picture in modern fiction is finer than that in which the boy makes his sacrifice of his poor mutton chop, all he had—his dinner meat—on a rude altar of twelve stones, offered with prayers and tears! It was not accepted; no fire came down from heaven to consume it, and he felt like an outcast, a very Cain. As heart answers to heart, so do the experiences of that ignorant, solitary boy represent struggles of which children do not speak. Waldo's father belonged to another generation, and accepted the hard creed with a boundless faith that it was right, and that he must trust that it was merciful. But the Boer settlers, among which this story takes places—the Tantes and Ooms (aunts and uncles) as they are called—and especially the woman Tant Sannie, who was the mistress of Otto and his son Waldo, showed a mixture of ignorance, superstition, greed, and cruelty. She wrapped herself up in her orthodoxy, and was a hard mistress to the heathen Kaffirs as well as to her German servants. The step-daughter, Em, was amiable, obedient, and commonplace; but her beautiful cousin Lyndall was the incar- nation of revolt against injustice and conven- tionalism. Here is an introduction to the two—Lyndall was fastening an ice plant to the front of her blue pinafore with a pin— "When I am grown up I shall wear real diamonds like these in my hair." "Where will you find them?" said Em. "You think I am going to stay here always ?" " Ah, no! I suppose some day we shall go somewhere; but now we are only twelve, and we cannot marry till we are seventeen. And we might not have diamonds if we did marry." " And you think that I am going to stay here till then?" " Well; where are you going, Lyndall ?" The girl crushed an ice-plant leaf between her fingers. " Tant Sannie is a miserable old woman. Your father married her when he was dying, because he thought she would take better care of the farm and of us than an English woman. He said we should be taught and sent to school. Now she saves every farthing for herself, buys us not even one old book. She does not ill-use us. Why? Because she is afraid of your father's ghost. Only this morning she told her Hottentot that she would have beaten you for breaking the plate, but that three nights ago she heard a rustling and a granting behind the pantry door, and knew it was your father coming to 'spook' her. She is a miserable old woman, but I intend to go to school." "And if she won't let you ?" " I shall make her." " How ?" The child took not the slightest notice of the last question, but folded her small arms cross her knees. "But why do you want to go, Lyndall ?" "There is nothing helps in this world," said the child slowly, "but to be very wise and to know everything—to be clever." "But I should not like to go to school," persisted the small freckled face. " And you do not need to. When you are seventeen, this Boer woman will go; you will have this farm and everything that is upon it for your own; but I will have nothing, I must learn." " Oh, Lyndall, I will give you some of my sheep," said Em with a sadden burst of pity and generosity. "I do not want your sheep," said the girl ' slowly; "I want things of my own. When I am grown np there will be nothing I do not know. I shall be rich, very rich, and I shall wear not only for best, but every day, a pure white silk and little rosebuds, and my petticoats shall be embroidered not only at the bottom, but all through." We fancy that there must have been some one whom the writer gibbets as Bonoparte Elenkins, the evil genius of the first part of the book, who pays court to the fat widow, and gets her to dismiss her faithful German overseer, the Uncle Otto whose bare room was the only home the girls ever had, and whose love for them was as great as for his own boy. This wretched adventurer played on the vanity and ignorance of the Boer woman, and his expulsion when detected making love to her niece is not early enough to save Otto from death or poor Waldo from savage punishment. The second part of the book opens when Em draws near seventeen, and attracts to her an English lover, Gregory Rose ; but her beautiful cousin returns from school, and Gregory has no longer eyes or ears for his commonplace betrothed. Amid the matter-of fact courtship of Tant Sannie for a third espousal, and the absurd details of a Boer courtship, which comprises necessarily one upsitting, sitting up together for a whole night, and of a Boer wedding, the threads of the tragedy are woven. Be- tween the two divisions of the story is a prose-poem called "Times and Seasons," containing the history of Waldo's soul from childhood to manhood. A stranger comes to him and interprets the story of the carving he had made on a post for his father's grave, and envies him the peaceful uninterrupted life which he leads among the karroo bushes and the red sand, when the old faith was shattered and he had not planted his foot on the new. This stranger—how Waldo loved him! —was the first soul that had expe- riences like his own with whom he had come in contact, who understood his thought and developed it beyond his struggling capacity to express it. Yet Waldo was better than the stranger, of whom he only once afterwards had a glimpse in Grahamstown. While Waldo is an example of a soul that strives to find itself in accord with nature, and is full of the tenderest compassion and a sense of justice that is only hard on himself, Lyndall's soul is all revolt and rebellion. She is not generous like Waldo, not humble and amiable like her consin Em. She is im- perious, and with regard to Gregory she makes a most astoundingly selfish proposi- tion, but she is intensely interesting. Nothing on the woman's rights question has ever been put more strongly than she puts it in her talk with Waldo when they meet after many years of severance. " When we ask to be doctors, lawyers, law- makers, anything but ill-paid drudges, they say no ; but you have men's chivalrous atten- tion. Now think of that and be satisfied. What would you do without it ? Well, I was coming up in Cobb £ Co.'s the other day. At a little wayside hotel we had to change the large coach for a small one. We were ten passengers—eight men and two women. As I sat in the house the gentlemen came and whispered to me, " There is not room for all on the new coach; take your seat quickly." We hurried out, and they gave me the best seat, and covered me with rugs, because it was drizzling. Then the last passenger came running up to the coach—an old woman with a wonderful bonnet, and a block shawl pinned with a yellow pin. " There is no room," they said, "you must wait till next week's coach takes you up but she climbed on to the step, and held on at the window with both hands. " My son-in-law is ill, and I must go and see him," she said, "My good woman," said one, "I am really exceedingly sorry that your son-in-law is ill, but there is absolutely no room for you here." " You had better get down," said another, "or the wheel will catch you." I got up to give her my place. " Oh no, no, no," they cried ; " we will not allow that." "I will rather kneel," said one, and he crouched down at my feet; so the woman came in. There were nine of us in that coach, and only one showed chivalrous attention, and that was a woman to a woman. I shall be old and ugly some day, and I shall look for men's chivalrous help, and shall not have it. . . . " But some' women," said Waldo, " have power." She lifted her beautiful eyes to his face. " Power! Did you ever hear of men being asked whether other souls should have power or not? It is born in them. You may dam up the fountain of water and make it a stagnant marsh, or you may let it run free and do its work, but you cannot say whether it shall be there; it is there. And it will act, if not openly for good, then covertly for evil, but it will act. If Goethe had been stolen away a child, and reared in a robber horde in the depths of a German forest, do you think the world would have had 'Faust' and 'Iphigenie'? But he would have been Goethe still; stronger, wiser, than his fellows. His songs would have echoed on from father to son, and nerved the heart and arm—for evil. Do you think if Napoleon had been born a woman that he would have been contented to give small tea parties and talk small scandal ? He would have risen, but the world would not have heard of him as it hears of him now, as a man great and kingly, with all his sins; he would have left one of those names that stain the leaf of history—the names of women who, having power, but being denied the right to exercise it openly, rule in the dark covertly and by stealth, through the men whose passions they feed on, and by whom they climb." One of the most powerful as well as affect- ing passages in this book is where Gregory follows as if by irresistible fate the woman whom he loves, land .finds her dying in a Transvaa£village inn, where her two-hours' old baby is buried, having parted from the Btranger whom she loved with one-half of her nature, but whom she would not marry. That lie might tend and serve her, Gregory dis guises himself in woman's clothes and offers his services as a nurse, and, never reveala himBelf even at the death of Lyndall. The situation is scarcely led up to. Gregory appears a very commonplace mortal till he is possessed with this overmastering love; but while the disguise of Philiberts as a man (in the Australian novel we noticed last week) jars upon us all through, this disguise strikes us as admirably conceived and handled. When he returns to obey Lyndall's wish that he should marry her oousin, there are different thoughts in the heartB of bride and bridegroom than on their first betrothal, but both, one should think, were better for their sorrow. Waldo's death, after his short bitter experience of life, follows close onhishearing of Lyndall's death. The true hero and heroine of the book are gone, and their places know them no more, but that such eager earnest souls should die without accomplish ing anything that they aimed at and were prepared for is a stronger presage of immortality than any proof that they vainly sought for. To come to the oldest hunting ground of fiction after this strange strong story is difficult. We cast about for a representative novel, and first tried and wrote on"Altiora Peto" by Laurenoe Oliphant, but the perusal of Mr. Besant's "All in a Garden Fair" struck us as being at once more romantic and more truthful, and infinitely more matterful, to use Charles Lamb'B words, than the light satirical novel, which partakes more of the nature of a comedy than of a serious novel. Mr. Besant's story tells us of three boys and a girl influenced not only by similar local sur- roundings, but by the girl's father, a French refugee, formerly a revolutionary poet and leader, now a teacher of the French language in a ladies' school. He sought to give the boys a better chance in life, and on two it was not thrown away, though the one whom he hoped most from became a litterateur, and not a leader of men; and the other, who was more commonplace, but who had a heart of gold, carried the enthusiasm of humanity into his life of action. The third was no where in the love competition, but made a short, brilliant career as a speculator, and returned to the native village, like other people, after a grand smash, a big failure, which there appeared to bring distinction. Mr. Besant's novels are all written for a purpose of some kind, and this carries on the same ideas which were so prominent in "All Sorts and Conditions of Men." The Frenchman not only introduced his two young friends to the world of books, but to the People, with a capital P—the two millions of people who live in East London, joyless, toiling, without religion, without art, without beauty, without amusement. "At one time the French philosopher doubted whether he had done right in putting into the heads of these young men knowledge of all kinds which might only make them discontented. He was wrong to doubt. Discontent hurts no man unless it is accompanied by laziness, when it is the Devil. As for knowledge, there is no position which is not rendered happier for its possession. I once knew a man whose business it was to tramp from office to office, selling pens and books; in the evenings he read, and taught himself all kinds of things. His life was hallowed by his evenings. I have known a waiter who read the Saturday Review regu- larly, and was a happy waiter; and I have known a policeman who found food for thought when on his beat by recollections of Herbert Spencer. He was a contented policeman." The difficulties of young authors, and especially of young poets, have been written about before, but the experiences of Allen Engledew are in some respects new. If he had sore straits, and had to edit an organ devoted to the leather interest for 35s. a week, he was fortunate in attracting some good friends. This may be called the roman- tic side of the book, but it is very naturally brought about. How natural, too, is the disappointment of the old Frenchman when his promising pupil looked on life as an artist, and on humanity as material from which to build poetry and fiction to move many hearts to higher things, but not to lead himself — "I am proud," said Hector Philipon with a gulp, " you are satisfied with your art ?" "I am more than satisfied," he replied. Hector sat down; he had then failed. Is it that the artist thinks of nothing but his work ? When Raphael painted a beauti- ful women he did not fall in love with her. When Dante wrote the "Inferno" did he drop no tears for the unhappy, or did he only think of rhyme and phrase ? It is a magni- cent world—for the artist. "Allen, you have a splendid chance before you, for you know the proletaire. He is at your feet. You have heard his cries; you know his voice, you know his pains. Take your sketchbook with you. Behold! There is a boy in rags—a pretty boy, with rags and dirt, and uncombed hair, and hungry eyes. You paint him. Ah, what genius! What a portrait! Let us go on, we are artists, all the Levites followed that profession. Let us go on. Is that not the girl you have already drawn— that woman of the people whose story is touching all hearts ? You have forgotten her already. Yet you painted her only a week ago; her eyes are as full of tears and her heart | is as heavy as then. The poor girl! Here they come all of them. The thin man, who asks questions; he is a dangerous man—the brute man who drinks rum and kicks his wife—you can easily draw him; en fin, the whole procession of those who toil. Make your sketches, listen to their talk. Let your work be faithful. Oh it is great, it is noble! Art is the only thing worth following." "My master," said Allen, overwhelmed. Claire Philipon breathed freely. Allen had not seen the delicate satire of the words. Afterwards he might remember, but now he was too full of his story and its success. "Allen," Hector added, "I have made a mistake. I dreamed that you might have be- come a Luther. Happy boy! You have be- come instead—a Lamartine." Space warns us that we must not quote further, but refer our readers to the books themselves. We think we have shown a very wide range of English fiction. The historian of the future will, like the historian of the past, take the contemporary novel as an ex- ponent of social life, showing the relations between rich and poor, and between men and women, as well as photographing the popular ideas and current talk of the time. In the case of some of the greater writers they may do more than this—they may contain a prophecy of what is yet to be. 