The Desperado and the Puritan. About tlie year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonia was ail alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with & \- fearful -reaord. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of' men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Antonia he did not reduce the census at all, blit that was not his fault. He had a seductive way bf drawing his eighteen-inoh Arkansas toothpich and examining it orltioally with a sinister smile while humbly, requesting the temporary loan of $S, Thus was it that ?ob went about cquiring wealth and warm^BorndT^T 3 ut Creating creating jbofmiBt. funerals ThnmS- 6 ' hat t Bob was :playf fter he had marche' j w e r was duringjhe ign of Botfghf cf Calavejfficjj hiinseu, tlf|j tmed John?., presumably^! >tve»littfiaftai'i1].- ut tbe faot that he had but Vffiorf ive, nl^r'. i? 0 " 11 -. unless the climate ol Z l S to aved, him, induced Idm to ofmeV^ Antonio.-.-^ ..everybody carri^V°,S a " inthrop did hot c a r e / t o ™ ^ ^ oene^y by going, unarmed. -.SesideS, oourse might as-*etiously interfere JtK v ration to health a/puttin^u^ m Puritan training ;oaused him to revolt ..j the idea; of carrying-firearms, so he n sorted toeartifice, fee wore a hotter bSt nstead of keeping a pistol in "it, he had h i .cash fundfl stored away in it, and nobodv wasjthS ^ser.foyt. .On the contrary, throp.was looked up to by the beat cifemi bst She same as if he was loaded down rth deidly weapons. Of oourse, everyhodv S to rr^ke the stranger from MasSachuXfe as comfortable as if he was at home • snT» was told all about Bob Augustine, the Inn? ranged joarer,. at least ten times a dav ami he was advised riot to be particular in asldZ security for the debt incase the roarer wanS harrow a smaUIoan, unlesaihe (Winthronl ; -d not wish to regain bis health. • T?he 'long-ranged roarer sauntered int„ Wmfihrop s room at the hotel, but before the desperado copld 'open his mouth or draw « weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw b&t;* his coat, and with trembling fingers tueoed »t Mb pistol holster to get at his money to an wash the would-be assassin. On the othm land, as soon as the'roarer saw Winthron trying to get out his piBtol he turned as mil as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knee, knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all over mm, and he extended Iris hand and said tremblingly: "Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee. I was only, toying to fool ypu. My bold Arkansas heart beats for you, my boy, I jest wanted to teaph you a lesson. Never let any duraad ' galoot' get the drop on you. If anybody in- BUltB.yon just tell them that Bob Augustine the roarer, is your friend." ' Winthrop, who waa more scared, if poe- Bible; than the roarer, replied : . " Oh, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash,' and ran down Commodore street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash ou hia neok, fowling. " Poljoe ! polioe 1" closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at bis holster, trying to get out his money, be believing that the desperado was running to his room to -procure a shot-gun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the roarer, to purchase peace on any terms, and the roarer hiil himself to avoid tbe pistol of the Boston man.i Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras canyon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for having run off the terror of the Alamo City. 