QUEEN'S 5Z3.THEDAY. Owt.eo to tho postponement of tile Volunteer parndo tentd tho orange ceebrntieon?, thore nrc no pelible sports announced for to-doy. Quecn'n Ulrthdany, bo gond the Nwwcastle races. The cause of theio i tihe :reent bereavemnOOt of her Otajeosty, ald, in coin "lence with tho requeot thaet the day bho elobroted *on the 2?th June, insteat oftho2ttl 3lay. Tteo bett.r plan woould have been to choeeo coronation day, and .eommemorate both ceents together. To-day, however, is a nublic loltday Iy aGrcltl cannounceinnet, and speiat train arrangeononte have ?heon mldo for the convonitnce of elmpublic. Add-i tionelltraino will leavo tlattltlnd for e'owcastle at "0.15 am.; Newcastle for Mattland at pin.; Mor ietth tr Mitltand at 0 t0 p.m. ; Neiceotle for WVallesnd at l0.'O anih. and 0.10 pin; Watlloend for Newcastlo at 11.0 a.la. and 7 15 pca.. T'llpicito of tho Ilaptoit Sunday. School willt ake •placeino Hllbbarl' paddooe, ltaemnlcon, to-day. The -chbildren and othero stat freoin ltonoysucklo Point .eetation at 9i o'clock In the morning, by tte gooda "?'an. The annual picnic of tihe Congregationsl Satbbath acbool will bo held at Toinago, ttce children iiind .others being convoyed thither by tlhe s.c. Adelioo, -whichb starts froan the 7Darlet Wlharf at 0 am.re. iOlnl7)p. There are some important fooiball matches to be played. particulars of wittchc will be found in anotheor .celumn. It being Pay Saturday, the mojoritt of the shaps in .iewcostle will remain open till the usual hourat :niglht. At tho Vitorha Thleatre "Pinafore" *ll bo per 5ormed by the StanlecyJuvenie Opera Comlpany, and ?Vaflmlla's eireus will be open ln.Tattcrall'O pad 'fock. Some of the candidates for Northumbcrlaid will 'enliven tile evening procccdtobo by adr'cSslog the ?Iteo ]urwood United Criceet Cltb hlave oafegeeied .n picnic at Olnroeho, wlllch eaglet tO ob a pletasant cOtlcuir. Tleo toiar by which lehe excuerionists treevel xwll hcavoe'Trtt?e?all a corner at 0.300 ea.mh. * '/he Oterpctlh reatta will be held to-day, and ias •.there is agood pro?rnmme of events, ea good nucemeeber -of people ought to patrant~o it. a,, SeA' Tlli tc.eigIN. :Queen's Birtllday I *Gloomy weather yesterday Clrcos camped in Breckenridge's paddock. This week's local cnstomn's revenue, £1i17 lls :ld. 11,101 tons coal exported from Newcastle yesterday. Druids procession last night looked imposing and -nomewhat weird. SHow many ghosts of dead voters will be around .the polling booths on Mondey ? Mr. Donarius' land sales, advert!sed for to- day, .have been polstponed. The, good fields for Newcastlc races to-day ough to draw largeo crowds to the courwe. The candidates for Northumberland do the lasot of ..their vocal wooing of the o:otors to-nightl. Fourteen applications havel:een received for oeni-. busses to Dlyto thie Newcastle racecourso to- day. i Owing to tihe late big sochnapper lhauls off tihe 0oa0st, fishing excuraion are rainpidly being arnonged. SNo deputattion from the Counel to tihe Govern :ment rv tihe unemployed. Misonderstandiog some 'where, T?he Druids lost night lokhad like indignant ghosts fiom -sndgato Cemoetory, whho d raisen in theuir rohrouds to make it hotpfor the trustees. There arl over 1.1o omnibus dmivcers licensed for .four wheelers in Nowca slic. Theeb are excllsise of .imevemity or clilly licensed vaells otl. Tile suogestion of rlr. tasnncll Ias tu tile forlmmtilons ..of a elms for youths in Nesrwcstli ltowing Club is a gyood one, and we hopeto sos it carried out. ,The shop ossistanots don't believe in losing time ::.sblio hoihday tec-dmy, anmd tiheir getting omily live rho"rs extra on time followving Thursday. 