SALVATION ARMY DEMONSTRATION. Tho Salvfttiou Army had a " blood and lire" domonstration yestorday, which cbusistedinniuly of tea-drinking and a procession, iu addition' 'to the usual class of services held nightly. Major Barker aiid the Rev. J. F. Ilorsley . liaving arranged to come from Alclbouruc by tho" iifterr noon jtraihj" preparations wore made ' for the redoptioii ( of thoso distinguishod lights and iea'dors 'iii the force." "Accordingly, at (three o'clock,; a band of about a dozen musicians, left the, barracks, ; and, followed by a prooossion; made their way to the railway station, at which many spectators assembled. Upon the arrival of tlio train the visitors were escorted to tho pro cession, and aftor a. brief delay a start ivas made, tlio "band, playing as it passed along Tcmploton- strcct. Before Barker-street ivas reached, the popular air of "I can, I ivill, I do believe," was struck up by it, and the 111011 and women follow ing in tlio ranks,, to the. number of about 200, lustily joined in singing tho hymn, and in wav ing handkerchiefs. In this manner the streets wore paraded till tlio . (barracks was .reached, aud an entry made into it. ( Tlio stage had- garlands and ivreatlis of flowers suspended, and was soon occupied by speakers and soldiers of tho Army. Amongst' the former ivoro Alajor Barker, Staff- officer Hendy, Rov. J. F. Ho'rsley (editor of the ' War Ory,' formerly a Wcsloyan minister), Cap tains Turner, Phillips, and Quick, and Lieutenant Westeivayi .The customary services, of praying, singing and addressing were thou engaged in, and continued, for nearly an hour, when an adjournment . ivas riiiwlo to the ; Market. Hall, wliorp.. a ;tliank8givmg tca-mocting ivas hold. There were thirty tables, that accommodated about 500 persons at a time, and thoir. wore four relays. ; Over 1500 tickets wero soldj and it is supposed that nearly 2000 porsons took , tea. The tables wero abundantly supplied 'with sand wiches, cakes, rolls, buns, itc. , by tho caterer, Mr Woodward. In tho midst of the eating, singing went 011, and tlio instrumentalists tried to divido thoir time judiciously between staying the appetite and blowing their wind instruments. JLlns, with waving of liamlkcrchiefB, gavo a fes- tivo aspoctto the tea aiul cofloo 'drinking. In tlio evening long beforo tlio doors of tho Theatre wero openud there ivas a crowd of people waiting to gain Admission. As soon ns the doors wore thrown open, tlio building was filled in a very short time. Tlio service wns commenced by the audience singing "Thoro is a fountain filled with blood," tlio band playing the accompaniment. A prayer was afterwards offered up. Staff-officer Hondy, who was received with ap. plauso, auiinadvorted upon tho good work that had been accomplished by tho Salvation Army, and caused groat amusement by tlio manner in which I10 related sovoral anecdotes in connection with tho Skeleton Army. Ho behoved that tho nearest and host way to become a member of tho Salvation Army was to become tho captain of the Skeleton Army. (Laughter,) In mention ing nhout tho antics of " Billy" Aberdeen when tho Army canio to Castlomaiuo, how ho jumped and danced iu front of the band as it paradod somo of tlio streets, ho was proud to soe that " Billy" had sinco then becomo a promhiont ad herent of their body. (Appjguse.) That wns ono good thing effected by 'tho advent of tho Army to this town, Afnjor Barkor said ho was pleased to see that the army had dono such good work in CaBtle- maino, and ho hoped it would coutinuo to do the sumo. Ho contended, ns ovcry sensible and right-thinking person should, that it was ex ceedingly far butter for a man or woman . to sorvo God than tho devil. (Voices : Hallelu jah.) Tlio Army did not want to rob the cliurclios ; it only wanted to 1111 thorn. (Ap plause.) Mrs Captnin Quick, of Sandhurst, then re lated hor experiences, and tho manner in which sho had bocomo a convort of the Army. She was thankful to Major Barker, as it was through his instrumentality that her conversion was brought about, Hor remarks were received witli applause. ' Major Barkor then statod that Mr Thomas Russell, the pardoned reporter, would address tho mooting, and relate to them his career prior to his joining tho Army. Tho Press was a grand institution, and he invoked tho Almighty to bleB3 tho Press. Tho collection wns subsequently taken up, aud iu tho mean time Captain Phillips sang a hymn " I'vo left the dovil behind me." At its conclusion, Staff- officer Heuily ro3c, and said I10 thought those pcoplo' who had not put any coin in the box should sing, "I'vo loft my money behind me." This caused great laughter. Mr Russell, who possesses a strong voice and fluent tongue, said ho thanked God because ho could stand 011 tho platform that evening and speak about tlio Salvation Army. Ho was the son of a woll- known and highly-r.cspccted clergy man of the Church of England. Ho had rocoivod a liberal education, and had secured University distinctions ; and at present ho had a brother at Nowstond, who had also been woll-traincd. To toll his hearers his experiences for about 20 years would occupy too much time, but I10 could toll thorn in llio first instance that lie had not led an immaculate career. Unfortunately for his wifo and himsolf ho had been too great a friend of King Alcohol. When engaged as a pressman lie had often gone in and out of tho Ballarat gaol, but ou one occasion lie went in, but could not como out when ho liked. Ho had been at tacked with delirium tremens, the result of his dobaueliory, and yet when liberated front prison ho again took; to imbibing in the national bever age, and he had lain down drunk in tho streets of Ballarat ou Boveral occasions. One night .re cently ho listened to the Salvation Army holding forth near tho Galloway Monument iu ono of tho stroots in Ballarat, Major Barkor being in attendance at the mooting. It was then .that he saw the error of his ovil ways, and he at once gave his .heart to- God, and tho devil relaxed his clutch of him. Ho thanked the Almighty that lie was now happy, and this was allowing to, the Salvatiou Army, which ho trusted would still accomplish good work. Captain Turner related how that irlieu he was directed to go and take chargo of the Army at Castlemaino that lie prayed to God to direct him, and his prayor ivas answered with tho com mand to go and conquer. Since his arrival hero 450 converts enlisted under tho banner of the Most High'. "When telling a friend about the tea meeting that ho guaranteed to pay the caterer for 1000, ho ivas told ho must loso money by it, for, thoro evcr had been 1000 pooplo at any tea moothig. But ho was not discouraged, and thoro wore over 1500 tickets sold. There was no such word as fail with theui. God gave; them" fine ivoathor and plonty of pcoplo, and though somo of them could not obtain tea the Army got the Is Gd. (Laughter.) Castlemaino hail plenty of pooplo, and I10 would go forward and fight among thorn for tho Saviour. Tho Rov. T. J. Horsley alluded to tho largo mcotiug they had, and to tho want of getting nearer to God. It was tho mission of tho Army to bring peoplo to obtain the redeeming grace, to lead tliom' captivo to tho Saviour in the same way' as ' another had : been, who (told his own talo about his conversion . and redeoincd lifo. ( Ho ' narrated ' how , a free- thought lecturer had como to their mooting, and liow when there the spirit of tlie Lord worked- within him, and how uudcr that change to light ho sent a letter to tlio Major acknoivledg-. ing tho work of Christ. Vaunted philosophers: and oxpoundors of infidelity caino to tlio meet ings of the Salvation Army, and saw how tho Lord moved tho hearts of sinners. Tho speaker then proceeded to rclato how he became, througli- illnoss, unable to preach about three years ago, and finding himsolf unequal to the performance oE routiuo duty, he resigned his ministry in tho Wcsloyan Church. Though unable for that, lie found himself capable of doing much work of an other kind, and having met the Major about 12 months ago, they agreed upon starting a printing press, both of them knowing something of., the business. , The result of this decision was the un-; aided issuo of the War Cry, tlio circulation of' ivhichrapidly expanded, till it has readied 25,000 copies weekly, bringing, in a substantial income: to be applied for useful works. He further gave a sketch of people who called at their -office in Alelbourno to . toll . the sorrow and secret of their lives; scoking for guidance.' 'He did not wish the people to be led by the bffic'ors of "the Army only, but for others -to -pour .-out tlio fullno'ss/of their cloansbd hearts. It was a1 fault in preaching to leave too1 much to officials and too little . to ' members of the body, ' who' slioiild take part iii tlio ivork 'of conversion. With a. determination on.tho part of Christians to push: forward ..their colours, no power could stay them.- .I'liis was but a duty, for ns Christ did all for them, thoy Bliould do. all for him:,. . : Major Barkor followed: with a few spasmodic, burning words, enforced with much omphatio'. action. His oxclamatory brevities consisted: of invocations: to rocoive the Holy Ghost, cleansing tlio heart from sin, directing nil who were saved to' stand up,' avowing ho was getting as hear to tho tlirono of God as possible, tolling all to speak the Gospel and livo it, also counselling thoso who woro not saved to como and bo saved. Ho concluded 'by uttering a prayer, and after othors following in tlie same course, tho mooting was brought to a closo. Another mooting was held in tho now Market, when thoro was a fair attendance. Captains Turner, Quick, and Lieutenant Westaway wero tho conductors, and during tlio ovening soveral addresses woro delivered, whilst a number of hymns wero also sung. ' , - '.I Pcoplo out horo ivill (the Ballarat Courier obsorves) fool a deep interest iu the fato of Mr Gladstone's novelty (of issuing gold ton-Shilling. piecoB with only 9-10tliB of tho gold in tho pre- sont half-sovereign), as well as in tho treatment it rocoivcs from tlio British Press, for tbo re duction is very likoly to effect our exbhnhge operations to a considerable oxtent, aud to pat a stop to tho importation of half -sovereigns, into, this colony from tho old land, aa also ultimately- to have tho samo effect upon the English Knvnrftirrn. for nnrA llin inH-inoin vnlim nf flirt half-sovereign has been reduced to 9s, tho intrinsic valuo of tlio sovereign must como down to 18s, and thou tlio cold shoulder (would be most unmistakably givon to tlio deteriorated half-sovereign oven iu tho old land, anil there would . bo nu utter want of symmetry in the gold coinage of tho old oountry. "Wlion poople out horo, liowovor, liud that tlio value of the luilf-sovoroigii 1ms boon reduced in Britain, they will doeliuo to rcceivo that coin oxcopt lit: its intrinsic worth— only 9s.— and when tho sove reign is reduced in tho samo ratio, aud brought down to tho intrinsic valuo of 18s, poople out horo will deolino to touoh tho British sovereign except with tho saino reduction. Facts, — Closo confinement anil careful nttcution to all factory work givos tho operatives pallid faoes, poor appetites, languid, miserable feelings, poor, blood, iuactivo liver, kidnoys, Ac., and all tbo pliy- sicinus anil niodioiuu in tho world cauuot holp thorn- unless they got out of doors or uso Hop Bitters., None need suffer if thoy will uso it freely. See.; — Advt. Don't Dji: in tiik House. — "Hough on llats": cloarB out rats, mico, booties, roaclieB, bod-bugs, Hies,- ants, insects, molos, jaok-rabbits, gopbersA M, Moss aud Co., Melbourne, General Agonts. — Advt. 1 