LOST PnorEiiTY IN"1{IurwAY Cult nIAJq: Says the Syduny Echo : Though, 'perhips, none but inor dinao lovers of statistics ever per usothoelists piiblisied in the Govern ment ;zaettc hrom time to time of lost proporty, they contain, never tholess, curious food for refilection. In looking through tWd, list of ar ticles which have come during the, past six months into the custody of the Lost Property Department of the Southern and Western railways at the Sydney station, it will be seen that the fair set is apparently the most caroless. The list is headed by parasols, of which no fewer than 251 lio unclaimed. If we eunsidor walking sticks'as thi oorisp manding male appurtenancef we cannot ,fail to noticetlihat nio ario nore careful than womenn as onlyS, 8' walking' sticks live'beenilost while uinbrcl-' las,which aifybiidivided betw oenthe sexes, reaph1.tho respectable total; of 130, In numerical strength ,paper parcels niiumborinu 107 comeO next to parasols; and bags of various sorts, sizes, nand' doscriptibii. arc a good thiird, which a total of 145, hats (whetherminaloeor'Lfemalo is not stated) taking place after umbrel las, witlh a score -of 103. 'TO those woll-regulatd minds tht i. n ver lose anythiiing tho above figures will doubtless cause a 'comforthble shrug of self-satisfaction or a smile of amused cohncmpt. The list con tains also 'a vast miscellaneous col lection, including knives, slippers, clouds, gloves, handkerchiefs, pipes, tobacco pouches, books, flower-pots, coats, bunches of keys, fans, tools, razors, swags, macintoshes, boots, combs, rugs, spectacles, pyjamas, smoking caps, cricket bats, dog. collars; muffs, whiphandlos, h idles, shirts, trousers, leggings, a pair of skatos, a pillow, and a imattre.s, POISONED 3Y SnirIMrS-A lelo. graiii'sent~recntly from Mung .1tm to the London papers said : --l ixty. nine of the inhabitants of the Eustd and' vest_-North-down haminlet:', sit uated ndar -hero, have been poisoned by liaviogiitoen shrimps. Tie liaril lots conipriae twonty two houses, nt eighteen of wliioh shrimps wero do liverood- and afourtaon out of theso eighteen familieshave boeu attacked.. It appears that the four families who escaped boiled their shrimps se parately,anct from the fact that they experienced no ill effectseiifter having eaten them, it has been coujectured that the mischief arose from the -vessels in which the other shrimps were boiled. It is stated, however, that this pan was parfeetly clean, and that metalic poisoning is not to be suspected, and this is somewhat corroborated - by the fact that a member of one of the four families who escaped says that she sawsome fungus upon the shrimps, which she cleared from them previously to having them boiled. One of the victims has since died, and it is the opinion of Dr. Robinson that death was accelerated bysthe shrimps, even. if this did not actually cause it. The doctor has alsowoxpressed his opinion that shrimps are now not healthy, being out of season. WdsHIsGTmN's - MoTrnEn.-Mrs. Washington found little difficulty in bringing up her children. They were disciplined-to obedience, and a simple word washer command. She was not given to anydisplay of pet ulance or rage, but was steady, well balanced, and unvarying in her mood. That she was dignified even to stateliness is shown us by the statement made by Lawrence Wash ington, of, Ohotauk, a relative and playmate of George in boyhood, who was often a guest at her house. He afys-" I was often there with George-his playmate, sob oolmate, and young man's companion. Of the mother I was 10 times more afraid than I'ever wvas.of' aiy. own parents. She awed me in the midst of her kindress, for she wvas indeed truly kindI Ihave often beenpresent with her suso-proper tall fellows, too-and wo were idlas muite as nice; and even now, when time has whitened my locks, and I aimhotli grand-parent of a second generation, I could not behold that remarkable woman without feelings it-is impos sible to describe. Whoevei has seen that awve-inspirig anir and manner, so characteristic in the father of hiu country, will reinembei the matron as she appenred when the presiding genius of her.ývell ordered household, commandnig and binig obeyed - From "The Mothers of Great Man," &e.;, by Laura C. Holloway. SLAUGUTER. OF ThIE INNOCENTS-A firm in Paris, France, has arranged with aNew Yorkinillinerfor asupply of 40,000 skins of birds of beautiful plumage. These will be stuffed and mounted for the coming season, when they will adorn hats, bonnets, and evening toilets. Not only will \- birds and their feathers be used for toilets, but for house .ldecoretion; fringes and funs of fetithirs, and branchie arranged artisti cally being very popular. Dresses and mantles will be trimmed with the beautiful singing-birds of our American forests, w~hile rarer birds are eagerly purchased biy tho very wv althy. Mrs. Machay thcCalifornian milliunaiie's wife, has appeared in Paris is a white satin robe garhiiided ivith robins, wing.4. Miss Work, ani amateur theatrical star of distinction in private circles, appeared. in a costume worn at at wedding whieli called for the sacrifice of 100 golden throated cauaries, and the huts and bonncts composed entirely of feathers will soon be accompuaied by feather mantles. Miss Bernhardt has a superb feather mantle in her ward robe; and Olive Logan used to possess one made entirely of tiny -blue feathers over- lapping each other, involving the use of hundreds- c-f tiny birds, If the ghosts of these siurclercd stobin, thrushes, swiallows, danaries, cloves, .and wild .7birds should suddenly appear to the wear 6rs of the defunct sougsters, crying, -' But for you we nowv might live,"? w~hat a tlutt'ering of ruffled feathers there would be I It is not impro. 'able, though, that:the diiterpr~ising fair ones would not capture the ghosts and wear thenm too.-.Dctroit AN UNEQUAL 1IATOC.-Tho mar riage of Miss Morosini, the dtiiughtoi Jay Gould's partner, with her father's coachman, has caused an appalling shock to New York society, dnd occupied the attention of the press and the public, much more than the doings of thePresidential candidates. " If she had only mar ned some decent young follow 1without a penny I should havo for given her," Mr. Morosini is reported to have said ; but it seems she never linda chance of doing anything of the sort. After leaving the Sacred IUeart!(where, if, as is stated to be the ease, she learned to sing ad mirably, she certainly learned no. thing of the world) she was kept in a state of conventual seclusion at hcmo. The friends of the family udlvised Mr. Morosiui, ifi the iuterots of his wife, who wanted hardaughter back an any terms, to receive the young couple. Che banker pliced himself unreservedly in their hlnds, [no1 commissioned throl of them to see Schelling, and promised to be guided by their report. This proved unsatisfactory. They wore obliged to acknowledge that the young man was hopelessly illiterate and vulgar, amid generally objectionable. Mrs, Morosini yeilded. to reason, and agreed to leave with her other daugfiters by one of the first steam ers for Europe. Mrs. Schelling has been offered £20 a-night to sing at Niblo's Garden and she intends doing so. Mr. Sehelling(says St. James's Gazette) will probably dis cover thatthepwritionof the husband of a music hall favourite is not quite agreeable as that of being lord and master of an heiress-the pleasing vision with which he doubdess at times beguiled the monotony of his professional' condition on the box. OUn OWN SISTER AND SOME On ELSE'S SISTER.-Many young men are always very ready to accept in vitations to other people's home circles. They are very much more attentive: to other people's sisters than their own. A young man .should be found in his home, and spend sufficient time there for his influence to tell upon the family and for him to cultivate manly dis positions that will be a blessing to him in" years to come. Many young men. are likecrows; .they; conic back to their 'uests ;to roost, and' at the dawn of day they haste to other fields. Young men, don't waste your strength and, your in fluanco and brains in anybody's compauy when you .ought to be in your own family. eirelo, with your father and mother. I think it is a duty and obligation that you should be attentive to the requirements and needs of your sisters.. Why not sometimes take your sister ..out ? take her for a walk? Why not sometimes take her to a concort.? Why 'not sometimes .briug home proseuts and give them Ito her ? :Why, 'wheh you come home, should you be sullen and silent, and morose as though somebody hrid been tread 'ing on'your corns all day-?-Why not come home and tell those who have been shut up all day soeno'of the incidents that have happened during the day. and be bright and merry and cheerful, and'so contribute your share to the family joy, and you will ,have it all back again in a sister's love.", TRYING TO CONVERT d POLICE at&N.-A; most , ridiculous scene occurredat~a church inNewcastle-on Tyne a few Sundays ago. A police man ivas' passing the church as a gentleman came out. The gentleman jokingly accosted the.policeman and said he'was wanted inside, meaning that the minister would be glad to have hi'in turn from the error of his ways and seek the truth and enjoy the peace thatpasseth all understand ing. The stupid warden was anxious to give him a favourable seat, so he said, 'Come right in here,' and he took him to a pew as much as to say, 'help yourself.' There was another man in the pew, a deacon with a sinister expression, as the policeman thought, and he supposed that he was the, man they wanted arrested, so he tapped the deacon on the arm, and told :hi.n to come along'. The deacon turnied pale, and edged along as though to get.. away, when the policeman caught him by the collar and jerked him into the aisle; the deacon struggled, thinking thopolice man crazy, and tried' to get away but was dragged'along. 'Many of the congregation thought the deacon had done something wrong, and so they got behind the deacon, and helped the officer to file him out. Arriving at the lock-up the police nman sawv the nman who said'he was wanted in the.church, and asked him what chiarge was against the deacon, but he didn't know ; so the soxton was appealed to and he did not know and finally the' prisoner was asked what it was all about and he did not know, and atfter a while the matter was explained, and the~ policeman, who had to *arrest' soamebody, took the man into"custedy, that said he was wanted in the church,' and he wvas. fined 2 dols and costis. He says ho will never try to convert a police managaiu, and the policeman says he 1Will never go into the church if they iret to knmoukine each other down with hymn books. 'I'PIE M1GNONET'rE lISASTEIL.- A Stone to the memory of Itichard Parker, the victim of the ilignonoatte disaster, is to be erected in Pear Tree Green church yard, Southampton. The inscription agreed upon will notify the name and age of deceased, and will state that he died at sea on July 25. 1884, after nineteen days of terrible sufwerings in an open boat in the tropics, after being wrecked in the, llignonetto. The stone will also boar the text from Job, though 1-IC slar me yet will I trust Him,' suggestecVby the vicar; and by the request of the poor lad's friends, the prayer of the mar tyr' 8tcpheu, r Lord, lay hot this sis to their charge.' There will also be a me mory portrait inserted. A SnRawo Mowg.-Minks-" Yes my boy, I mn going to Salt Lake City to live." Finks-'' Blut you doet' expect to become a Mormon, do yon ' 1tiuks-" Certainly not ; but don't tell Mrs. Minks l said so. You see, I have a special tibjeetin settling where a mnai culi have as miany wirsas lie wanits thou "h, of course, I will never have but oii." j'inks-" A speell ibj'et 1" Miinks-" Yes; I never can get Mrs. iiliisks to keep ny buttons sewed on, but 1 t:dnk thire will be no trouble about that after we settle ii Salt Lake City." Finks-" Why mm' it 7' Minks-' When the but tons mere till I will just gently hint to Mrs. Minks that sit nietii mire help, nud they will gi on lit a jail ." .'r.iiilc s "-u eriii: h !-Are yo1 !1roiicun la ymar rc. t bA a rsik cldl~ ruciiuriiug with thu lnih o ci atthuig teetii1 (iin at san c io eiieieis~tt auiii get a hitiie oi "Mr.'dr.wi ide's iieetiu ur Syrup.' It wilt tutbuinlr ieitl~ (iirowi iuuih,,awth littie ciieriuiu seacs a rgta itb to. itnohs tiis ciiiii, It isuie,,,l tegue ssiiic aliays5 ali .ai,, reiies-es witsii regulates this oe lci ccnd is this iiost knawe' runssiiy -facr uiyscsutery' iidclrriiiac, wiietiuer sri'ise froim tcotbutiue byI otiier minses. Site. Wvmssiee's Ilseiiuiig Syrsis is saold or umrdliluic delerits crrywimuc at 1, 1}lhier bottle.-Advti. 