" Coinu or Rh quasas.-The August sitting lof the Launceston Court of Re quests will be opened at the Court House, Patterson-street, at 10 a.m. to-morrow, before his Honor Mr. Commissioner White foord. There are no less than 257 cases et down for hearing, besides a number of defendedo cases adjourned from the last Court.. It is anticipated thiat at least two days will be occupled in disposing of the list. The unusual number of cases is a "sign of the times," and anything but a desirable one. . Recsrvan.-The Church News for August is to hand. It contains a good variety of reading matter. .The leading article refers to the approaching meeting of the Church Society at Launceston. Amongst : other papers is one on the Rev. H. B. Bromby's trip to Europe, also,a report of the presen tation of an address, accompanied by a' watch, to the Rev. Robert Henry Cole, assistant curate of Holy Trinity Church, Launceston.-The Catholic Standard for the current month contains a full account of the death and obsequies of the late Rev. Joseph Basil Roper, the first Tasmanian born priest of the Roman Catholic Com munion. The leading article treats of the Tasmanian Royal Commission on Educa tion. As usual there is a good budget of original and extract matter, including as usual another shy at Freemasonry, which seems to be the bets foir of the compilers of this particular journal.-We have also received the first number of the Pioneer, a small monthly periodical devoted to religious and gospel temperance matter, but under whose auspices is not stated. BsEACONSFIELD '-BANK ROBBERY. - This morning the men now under arrest on suspicion' of being implicated in the late robbery at the Beaconsfield Bank will be brought before Mr. A. K. Chapman, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Police Court, Beaconsfield, when a remand until Friday will probably be asked- for by the I prosecution, on the ground that Mr. R. B. SMiller is unavoidably prevented by other engagements from attending to conduct the case on behalf of the Bank of Tas Smania. This will, we understand, be opposed by Mr., W. Croft, who is retained for O'Keefe, his contention being that it is an act of injustice to the prisoners to detain I them in custody for so long aperiod without trial. Richard Collins and his son will Sappear pro foerma to answer to their bail and will be discharged. Oua VOLrVNTEErs.-Lieut.-Col. Legge Swill arrive from Hobart by the express train to-day, for the purpose of inspecting the northern regiments. He will inspect Sthe Launceston Volunteer Artillery Corps this eveningat 8 o'clock, and the?'Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment to-morroweven ing at the same hour. The notice given has been rather short, the first intimation of Col. Legge's visit only being received in town on Saturday, and though the Artillery Corps are generally ready for duty, it is not always easy or possible for volunteer Scorps to arrange for a full muster on such short intimation, as of course other ar rangements have often to be considered. \- Both the Artillery Corps and the Rifle SRegiment will appear in full dress. We understand that the Government is in com munication with Mr. W. Barnes,'' of I Trevallysi, in the hope of securing a site upon that estate for a rifle range, but nothinghasyet been settled. SUNDAY EvaENxNO Lecruass. - The Rev. W. Law continued. his. course of Sunday evening' lectures - yester day at :Prince's Square Congrega tional Church, when the' subject was .¶Mount Olivet," '?the text being taken from II. Samuel, xv, 80. Mr. Law gave a graphic' description of the mount, and it grand situation, overlooking the entire city of Jerusalem. David did penance for his past sins, and chiefly the sin of placing Uriah in the front of the battle, and causing his death, by going bareheaded, and with bare feet up this mountain. He dealt at. length with David's. trouble through life, especially with his sons. Our Saviour's weariness, on the mountain was then reviewed, and the lecturer said the mount had three summits, on one of which was now builta monastery, which wassup posed to be the spot where Christ wept over the city. Another of the summits was called: the "mount of Offence," be cause it was there that Solomon had built a heathen temple forhis manywives. It was on that mount that Christ gave a de scription to His disciples of His second; coming. The church was well filled, and the lecture, which was highly interesting, was listened to with attention. VAccNTIvroN.-A correspondent writes:' -At the last sitting of the Deloraino Police Court, the principal business set down for hearing. was a number of cases against parents for neglecting to have their children vaccinated. Several infor mations .were heard, those 'who pleaded guilty being fined, ls with ,2s 6d costs. Several cases were adjourned for a fort night in' order to get the opinion of the Attorney-General theleon; the parents pleading not guilty, as the children were over twelve months old. About thirty summonses were issued; andit is said that' there are about ;100 more parents to be proceeded against on the same charge.,: I believe that the Government Vaccinator was in attendance at the P-blid Buildings, Launceston, last Wednesday, and that the names of 9110 infants were down as not: being vaccinated, and out of this number there was but one taken to the Government' official. CONCEiT. AT .LoNoGFORD.-Our corres iondent writes:,- - The grand concert at which Mrs. Leonard made.her farewell ap pearance to a Longford audience came off on Friday evening in the Assembly Room, and was fairly patronised; most of the front seats were occupied, the back ones only 'not being as well filled: as upon the last occasion. A number of pot plants and ferns, kindly lent by Dr. Appleyard, were placed on the platforms andI con nveyed a faint idea of the Palace Garden scene in the rendering of the operetta. The following progrismme was submitted: -=-Part 1-Instrumental solo, Mr. C. :H. King; duet, "The Sailor, sighs," Mrs. Leonard and Mr. Latheam song, "Love never dies," Mr. F.. Higgins; song, "Tell me my heart," Mrs. W. A. Anderson ; violin solo, Mr. C. H. King song, "When the tide , comes ,in," Mrs. Leonard song, "The Owl," Mr. F. Higgins ; duet; "When shall we Meet," Mrs. W. A. Anderson and Mrs. Leonard. Part 2.-Balfe's charming operetta, "The Sleeping Queen." The Queen of Leon, Mrs.; W'. A. Anderson; Donna Agnes (maid of honour), Mrs. Leonard; Don Phillips (a 'soldier of fortune), Mr. Latham ; the Regent, Mr. F. Higgins. The performers were loudly applauded throughout the evening, aind in the first part frequently encored, especially with the duet, "When shall we Meet;" the audience almost persisting in a repetition. As, however, time would not permit, and it was necessary to reserve voice for the operetta, no encores were responded to, thei compliment in each case being acknow ledged with a graceful bow. Toe LANDns OFce.- Mr. C. P. Sprent, the Deputy Commissioner of Crown Lands, was in attendance at the Public Buildings on Saturday till 1 p.m., but the business brought imder his notice was merely of a departmental nature. Mr. Sprenout returned to Hobart by the express train in the after' n . M. C. A.-The annual meeting of the YoUfag Men's] Christian Association will be held at the rooms, Quadrant, on Friday evening at 7"30. THE LATE CcAe. ARTcus, Esq.-Our Longford correspoiSdent 'writes on Satur day:-The funeralofthelatoe Chas. Arthur, Esq., of iNorley Cottage, Longford (who died on Tudeday last), took place this afternoon, leaving the late residence of deceased at half-past throe o'clock, and was one of the largest which has taken place here for a considerable time. The chief mourners, hon. Thos. Reibey, Rev. C. R. 'Arthur, and Messrs. T. K. Arthur and Gee. H. Arthur, walked abreast next the hiearse, the pall bearers being the hen. W. Dodory, Adys Douglas, M.H.A., W. H> D. Archer, M.H.A., Joseph Archer, J; D. Toosey, and 'H. R. Dumarcsq, Esqs. I also noticed in the coerege the hon. F. W. 'Grubb, Revs. J. M. Norman (Cressy), E. P. ;Xdams (Hagley), A. Barkway (Launceston), A. Chambers (Evandale), Drs. Appleyard and Mason, Messrs. D. Archer, T. C. Archer, A. Whitfeld, 'R. J. Archer, 'H. Gatenby, J:H. Stewart, C. B. Leupolt, R. T. Gunn, 3.' Dunning, R. Z. Poole, W'' Hartnoll, 'Alfred lines, 3. ' '. Campbell (Collector of Customs), H. S. Hutchinson, Thos.' Mason, Ti R. Atkinson (Hobart), A. M. M'Kinnon, J. Wilmore, Alfred Youl, R. Horne, R. H. Douglas, E. Whitfeld, and others. The incumbent of Christ Church (Rev. A. Wayn) conducted the burial service, the church being nearly filled. Hymns No. 328, "A few more years shall roll," and No; 479, " On the resurreition morning," from Church hymns were sung, by the choir; Miss E. Wayn presiding at the organ. After leaving the chnrch the coffin, Which was covered with wreaths, etc., of flowers, was deposited in tie family vault in the churchyard, making the sixth, the last placed thero containing the re mains of Mr. John Lake Allen Arthur, who died April 26, 1877, aged 30. The funeral was conducted by Mr. John Wright. In additionuto the offices held by the deceased (mentioned in Wednesday's issue), I find that girovious to Mr. Arthur's coming to Longford he was police magistrate at New Norfolk; he was also to the time of his death a Commissioner of the Suprepse Court of Tasmania for this district, and one of tie old trustees of Christ's College, Bishopebourne, who assisted by the management of the finances Ito free that institution from the debt incurred in its working. Deceased also, with Col. Home, took an interest in the volunteer movement about 1860, holding the position of Captain of the Longford Volunteer Rifle Corps from its fotmation to its disbandment in 1864 (the late F. B. Watson being Lieutenant). Mr. Arthur also at various intervals, ex ,tending over as 'number of years; held the office of churchwarden at Christ Church, finally retiring at the' end of last year, when his son, Mr. Gee. Arthur, was chosen as his successor. Mr. Albert F. Arthur, I am informed, is a -Lieutenant on H.M.S. Albatross, at present onithe Chinastation. 3 TAE LAD GowLAND.-IUpon, enquiry at i theHospital last evening welear nt that, the lad Gowland was making favuxrable progress. The eruptive disease from which he is suffering has now reached the a stage at which its true nature may be I better diagnosed, and Dr. Thompson has 3 invited the whole of the honorary medical Sofficers of the institution to a consultation, which it is to be hoped will enable some Sdefinite opinion to be pronounced. It will \- be remembered that when Mr. Barker was 3 attacked with an unknown eruptive 1 disease, which in his case proved fatal, Safter his return from Launcoston to Mel 1 bourne, it was suggested that the disease Smight .' be one which is known amongst 1 persons in hides and skins warehouses in l England, which is considered peculiar to the trade. It appears that the father of Sthe lad Gowlannd is, like Mr. Barker, a Sdealer in hides and skins, and it is sug 'gested that the lad may be suffering from a similar form of eruptive disease to that s of Mr. Barker. S PosrolSES IN TE TAsAR.a.-A consider able amount of excitement was created 1 abodt 11 a.m. yesterday by the unexpected 3 appearance of a shoal of porpoises near the i Queen's Wharf. A large number of people congregated on the wharf to see them, and Sa couple of boatmen went in' chase, and harpoons were thrown at them, but, as Susually happens on the periodical visits of these denizens of the deep, none were Scaptured. .. UNIosr BANx or AUeTLAcrA.-A dividend Sof £1 1Is and bonus of Gs per share has been declared at the annual meeting of Sshareholders: in the above bank held at London on the 28th ult., and is now pay 'able to colonsal shareholders. We under stand from the manager of the local branch that £10,000 was added to the reserve funds; making the 'amount £950,000, and £29,000 carried forward to the next half. year." '. . . ' RAINFALL AT DELORAINEs.- Fromn the record of Mr. J. Hart, the registrar at the Delorainie meteorological station, we learn Sthat out of the 31 days of July rain fell oi 15, and on the 10th and 17th of the month there must have been heavy.lorivnpoursj nearly an inch and a fifth being recorded on the. first date, and .an inch on. the second, which was accompanied by snowi The total rainfall for the month was 3 01 Sinches; of which over tworthirds thus fell in two days. ! FREcaTnuosGT LEOTIRE. - The' unsual Sunday eyening freethouglit lecture.tooki place' last night at the'Oddfellows'.Hall,; when there was a good attendance. . Mr. J. H.Burgessdelivered a leetire on" Ghosts" and at theconclusionthe usual discussion took place, lasting until after 9 p.m. S acaucCH GRAMAR ScaHooL. BAzAAIn. The resilt of the bazaar in.aid of the Laun costoin Church Grammar School Improve ment Fund must bhie considered as highly satisfactory, as the total amount 'taken on the two days amounted to '£160 Os 9d. There are, still a number of articles on. hand, Which were not sold, and these will be disposed of at the first advantageous' opportunity, so that the amount to be handed to the fund will be considerably augmented. In another column Mrs.; Savigny returns thank to all those who assisted at the bazaar. Tiexia?xcs swTINo.-Ths r usual, weekly meeting of those interested in the temperance cause, under the auspices of the Blue Ribbon Gospel Union, was held on Saturday; night, at the Tem perance Hall, York-street, when there was a good attendance, and Canon Brownrigg occupied the chair. The chairman in opening the meeting spoke on the evil of "wetting the contract," : saying that it was greatly toibe deplored that' 'whenever any contract or business arrangements were entered into the parties often con sidered it necessary to take :something to drink. Mr. R.. Marshall, then gave a read ing from the Life of J.. B. Gough,'".and supplemented : the 'reading. with a few remarks on .the- victims, to drink in our midst. Mr; 'A: 3, Scott then sang "Help the fallen brother," the choir.taking up the chorus. - Mr. Hisedox,, a visitor from Ade laide, then addressed the meeting on "Little beginnings," saying it was' the first start in 'drinking which led to a man's ruin. 'and caused him to become a drunkard. The meeting was brought to a close by the'Benediction,'after which two signed the pledge. ' DEATH or AN OLDn RESIDnen.-Our obituary notices receord"'the death on Siaturday morning of Mr. William Stewart, baker, of Elizabetli- street, a well-known resident of the town, whlo has, for the last seventeen years, carried on business in his present premises. Mr. Stewart had been in failing health for some time past, and although his death was somewhat sud den it was not altogether unexpected. MASONmeC.-The Lodge of Royal Ark Mariners meet at the Lodge-room, Club Hotel,"at 730 this evening, when visiting brethren are invited. QUARTeRLY LICENeING MBsTINO.--The thirdquarterlylicensingmeeting of the year will be held in the CourtHouse, Patterson street, this morning, at 11 o'clock. The fol lowing is' a list of the applications for transfers, etc., of public-houses:-Transfer -To Catherine M. Pyle' from Wm. I. Thrower, of the International . Hotel, Brisbane-street. 'Permission to sell under license held by. a deceased person-To Eliza Peck from Joshua Peck, Queen's Head Hotel, ' Wellington:itreet. New license- Richard Phillips, "East Tamar Hotel, East Tamer. L. AND'N.W. COAST STEAM?NAVIGATION Co.-An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in the above Company will be held at the registqred office of the Company,' Cimitiere-street, this evening, at 7'380. PARaLcAsENTAsr WanIS. E's The Tas moniaa News ofL Saturday says :-It is stated'that Mr. James Gray, member for Sorell' has been appointed the Ministerial whip, and Mr. H; I Rooks, member for Deloraine, the Opposition whip in the House of Assembly. GLEAM Of SUNSHINE LODGE The eleventh anniversary of the Gleam of Sun shine Lodge,. No. 12, I.0.G.T., will be celebrated at the Temperance Hall, this evening, by a tea meeting, followed by an entertainment. The tea: willh be on the table at 6 30 p.m., and after it has been disposed of the installation of officers will take place, and the entertainment begins at 8 p.m., tickets being obtainable for either one or both affairs. Addresses will be delivered by the chairman (Mr. A. Campbell), Rev. Canon Brownrigg, and Mr. H. Stephens, and vocal and instru mental selections, by Misses A. and M. Sorenson,. R. Thelwall, Briecombe, M. A. Sims;' M. Larter; Mrs. Hill; 'and Messrs. A. Sims, W. Dedman, G. Bryan, J. M. Heffer nan, J. Scott, J. Bryan, H. Holmes, and Sykes. SusescAN Nn CoaPANv"'s 'FUaNISHING WAsERnouss.-At '6 o'clock on Saturday evening, the doors of' Messrs. Susman and Company's furnishing warehouse were thrown open for the first time to the public, and from that time until the hour of clos ing (10 pan.) 'a coitinuouis stream of visitors thronged the spacious show rooms, which were brilliantly lighted up; The display made surprised many of the visitors, and general expressions of com mendation were heard on the enterprise of the firm inintroducing this new line of business, the general opinion apparently being that it would supply a public want, and deserved to meet with success. A WHALE SToav.-From a contemporary we learn that " a recent number of the John o'Groat's Journal, a newspaper pub lislied in' the north 'of Scotland, asserts that a huge whale, 62ft. long and 72 tons weight, was captured'in June of last year, at the entrance of Behring's Straits, with one of the Henty's Portland harpoons stuck' in it. The wound caused by the weapon had healed, that is, a cartilage had grown round the harpoon,and sheathed and prevented it from penetrating any further, and the weapon bore the following brand:-'Henty L 18388' the L probably standing for Launceston, where the Hentys had a number of harpoons made." It was about the time mentioned as the date of the making of the harpoon that Messrs. Henty Brothers established their whaling station at Portland, where to this day the huge whalebones on the beach attest the success of their whaling operations: LancesToz PoLicE CouaT.-There was a clean charge-sheet at the Police Court on Saturday. " ANOTHER A-LL]EGED CURE FOe SMALL-' rou.-A correspondent of the Liveryool Mercury declares that one ounce of cream of tartar dissolved in one pint of boiling water, drunk cold at 'short' intervals, is a sure prophylactic and cure of small-pox. NATIONAL WATER. SCHEME.-As our readers 'aoe\aware, tlie highly imnportant subject of a National Water: Scheme for the north-eastern districts, which has fre quently been mooted, has recently been warmly taken up by residents of the localities interested, and the delegates ap pointed'at a public meeting recently held at Branxholm arrived in town a few days ago to endeavour to enlist the support of Launceston residents and others in the proposed scheme. A public meeting will be called at an early date, when the matter will be fully gone into and explained, and as it is one which, if it can be carried into practical effect, will mark a new era in the history of tin mining in: the north-eastern districts, 'we hope that it will receive hearty support, and the fullest enquiry into its feasibility and the probable cost of such undertaking made. The proposals which the delegates are advocating are to ask the Government to expend a sum of £50,000 for the purpose of cutting a large race from the river at Upper 3ingarooma to near Boobyalla Port, for the purposo of working the stanniferous deposits along its course, and we are credibly insformed that applications for water will far exceed numerically the number stated in the peti tion to Parliament. LAUNCESTON BICYCLE CLUB. - This club enjoyed a run on Saturday afternoon, Corra Linn being the place visited, but which was only reached after much jostling with rocks, loose metal, newly made roads without metal, which necessitated several dismounts and re-mounts. Every man had to keep well on the alert to keep his gravity, but the beautiful scenery along the road, and the view off Corra Linn Bridge well repaid the members. The following members put in an appearance :-Messrs. W. G. Cox (capt.), J. Dwyer, J. V. Porter, A. J. and R. Scott. The start was made at 2.35 p.m., Corra Linn being reached at 3.40 p.m., and after 15 minutes breathing time town was again reached at 5 o'clock, after a rather tough but pleasant journey. TASMANIANS ABROAD.-We are glad to learn that Mr. W. H. Savigny, late of the Launceston Church Grammar School, ibnd son of the lihdad' master, passed the Modera tions Examination at' Oxford early last Jiune.' This is the second examinationi which undergraduates have to go through; It is very creditable to Mr. Savigny: to have 'achieved this result at. the earliest possible period which the University statutes allow. Mr. Savigny has only been away from Launceston twelve months. FnANCIIEs BILL--A public meeting of the inhabitants of Beaconsfield will be held in the Town Hall, to-day at 8 p.m., for: the purpose of considering the Franchise Bill. -......... PERTH WoerINe, MaN's BENEFIT So cIETY.-The adjourned general ineetingof: the above society willibe held this evening: at 7. .. .;INTBR0OLONIAL ACCIDENTS AND OCENOEs,` ETC.-Two passengers by the steamer Chimborazo, named C. Hanos and Renton, who had, throughout the passage to Melbourne, frequently exhibited great animosity towards each other, got fighting on board the vessel at Williamstown Railway Pier last Tuesday morning whilst under the influence of drink. In a scuifie both fell overboard. . Renton was rescued, but Hanes was drowned.=-It is stated that a lady occupying a high position in Mel bourne society has, it is feared, irrevocably lost her reason owing to the baneful effect produced upon her mind by spiritualism. A fire on the farm of Messrs. Hunter : Bros. at Rochester, Victoria, has destroyed all the stabling, outbuildings, and a quantity of wheat and hay.-A warrant has been issued at Sandhurst, at the instance of ,a girl named Kitz, for the arrest of t minisig speculator .named James H.' M'Gowan for deserting his illegitimate child.-At the inquest on the body. of Arthur Henry Duke, rate-collector at Windsor, which was found floating in the River Yarra; it transpired that he had been drinking lately, and it is supposed that in the dark he lost his way and fell into the river.-A disastrous fire broke'out at T. Kitchen and Son's soap and candle works, Port Melbourne, last Tuesday miorning, destroyinu the store-room and most of its contents, consisting of cotton wick, palm oil, paraffin, cocoanut oil, etc., altogether valued at between £6000 and £7000. The fire is supposed to have been caused by spontaneous combustion among thf candle cotton. By vigorous efforts the fire was prevented from spreading to the other buildings and contents, which are valued at £100,000.-A Frenchman named Felix Cousin, a watchman in the employ of the Patent Asphalting Company at Sydney, was foullymurderedonMondaynightlastby some person or persons unknown.. He was found lying near a steam winch with his head smashed, and resting in a pool of blood, and other injuries on his body. The steam winch was bespattered with blood. At Rockhampton, Mary Jane Duke, a servant in the employ of Mr. Finberg, printer, committed suicide on July 21 by drowning herself in the Fitzroy River. Mr. Cruden, town clerk at Townsville, has been suspended owing to a discrepancy in his accounts of £380. He has since given a cheque, and promises to hand in the balance with his resignation immediately. -A vehicle in which Lord Henry Phipps was driving capsized near the junction of the Logan and Ipswich roads, Queensland. His lordship was severely shaken and bruised, one of his ears cut open, and this, together with a wound in his leg, had to be' stitched up.-An old resident of YVeresdalo, Queensland, was lately missing. Black trackers were em-' ployed and his body found in a very decomposed state in athickscrtubonlyabout 'half a mile from his own residence.-At Wagga Wagga, a man named Edward Luck, in jumping from the back of his cart while it was in motion, sustained such injuries to his spine that he died on the following day.-George Whitehead, a shunterat the Newcastle railway station, was run over by a number of wagons? last Tuesday morning, and literally -out to piecees. Vincent Perini, a vigneron at Daylesford, has been fined £50 for selling to a publican a gallon bf colonial spirits upon which duty had not been paid.---A man named Frederick Frickes, a recent arrival from England by the Chimboraso, deliberately committed suicide last Wednesday by hanging himself by his handkerchief toea tree.-The office of the Aresidele Free Press Publishing Company, Armidale, started only a few weeks ago, was burned down early last Saturdaymorning. THE HAwTHoRN SOANDAL.--The. Mel bourne correspondent of a Bendigo paper thus refers to a scandal which 'has been freely referred to by Victorian journals, though the names of the parties have hitherto been suppressede:- "For some little time past the people of Haw thorn have been talking about Mr. Arthur Manton, a solicitor, in connection with a serious charge, which it was alleged would be preferred against him by Florence Lymer, a domestic servant in his employ. The case was called on at the local Yolice Court this morning, but the girl withdrew the charge. Mr. Puryes, who appeared for the defence, said itwas a pity that the girl could not be forced to go on, in order that her statements might be disproved. Mr. Manton, on his part, wished the very fullest investigation to be made into the matter." ". THE BAD AND WORnTILEss are never imitated or counterfeited.. This is espe cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which the Press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to indiuce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H. B. Many others started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same as Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word "Hop" or "Hops" in their name orin any way connected with them or their name, are imitations or counterfeits. Beware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or counter feite. ITiiit LAia, Ms. E. MASHAnLL.-At the inquest%/6n Mr. Edmund Marshall, the actor, who .was run over by a lorry in Lonsdale-street, Melbourne,'on 26th ult., it was elicited that the deceased appeared to be itudying something, and wheni the driver called out and attracted his atten tion he became confused, and was run over. Tihe lower ribs on the left side were frac tured, as were also the left arm just below the shoulder, and both bones of the left forearm. He died about an hour after the accident happened to him. The jury re: turned a verdict of accideiital death. Hd leaves a Widow and two childrei, duand it is stated the Geelong Amateur Dramatic Club intend to tender a .liefie? to them, and have already received many promises of support. The lessees of the Exhibitiol Theatre hate granted the isif bf the bdild ing free; the drchesitra; stage, bands, and others will tender their services gratui tously, and the leading metropolitan firm of theatre lessees have promised to allow three ladies to supiport the clhib in their performance. There is no doiibt the boense fit will prove successful, and should resulet in a handsome sum being netted for the widow and orphans; SPLOueeeNo MATCm.-A meeting of those interested in a ploughing match to be held this season will take place at the Wool Pack Inn, Breadalbane, on Wednesday next, at 730 p.m; THE STocK TAx in Victoria is very generally denounced... The : andigpd Independent is a leading article declare that "atax on food isan iniquitous thing, and such is the StockTax,"andstigmatises it as "shortsighted" and vexatious. "It is" says our Victoria contemporary, "on' a small scale a revival of the odious, ad tyrannical English Corn Law, the thin end of the wedge, which, if its operation 'be tolerated, will open the way hereafter for a general taxation.of the necessaries of the many in the interests of the few. And the Legistature could not have struck, on. an article which should be freer from tax ation than beef and mntton; what wheaten bread is to the Englishman, and rice to the Hindoo, so are they to the Anglo-Aus tralian. 'Hands off our necessaries' should be the unanimous and stern com mand of the people; they cannot affoid them to be trifled with by legistators : for, as the Corn Law hero, John Bright, warned the Sydney protectionists a few months ago, once an impost is inflicted it is easier to increase than remove it. Governments are often moved by the ear wigging of small, compact and active sections of .the public, to perform actions which are to the detriment of the greait simple mass of the outside public." SA DIsoRAcEron Pe'OCEEDING.-An item of Cainadian news to hand by the last mail states there was great excitement at Oak Creek recently' over the action of the relatives of Horace Baldwin, in sawing off his legs after his 'death to niake them fit the coffin. Baldwin was 6 feet 7 inches in height, and when the day for his funeral had come it was found that his body was too long for the coffin. His nephew com menced to sever his feet from his body with a. common saw. While at work he thought Baldwin' moved, and he.fell in a dead faint, when another relation finished cutting off the limbs. At one time, soon after the funeral, it was thought that the the' nephew would be mobbed by the neighbours. A LADT oN* Secoe?eo.-" Penelope," a writer in the Provincial Press Uniona of Vic toria says :-A lectire by a lady: is alway's interesting, provided it is not like the cur tain lectures of the late Mers. Caudle. 'A society in Melbourne has many ladies who, as members, "d'eliver interesting ' anid instructive leotures.'. The remarks of one lecturess'will be'received with delight 'by menuwho smoke, anii they are many.. 'The 'lady saidthat in every house a pleasant corner'should'be reserved in which the men of the fainly might be allowed to smoke comfortably, so that there would be no necessity for their leaving home to'en joy their pipes. The adoption of this advice would be conducivd to happiness in house holds now divided on the smoke question. I always pity, those unfortunate smokers in homes where their pipes are as un welcome as small-pox to the citizen of Mel bourn. SAFETY MATCH . QuesTeiO.-There has recently beensome littleagitation amongst the Victorian shire councils and other public bodies in favour of prohibiting the importation of all matches except those manufactured on the "safety" and "light. ing' only on the box" principle. The Government was memorialised to that effect. On the other hand, however, the Premier has received communication from the goldfields towns, informing him that great inconvenience and even danger would be caused to the mining community by sush prohibition, as in thse underground workirgs were these matches are not only in continual requisition, but are also the only kind that answer the purpose of the miner, the' safety match being liabl to get damp, in which condition it becomes entirely useless. In view of the conflicting opinions prevail. ing on the question it is not the Premier's intention to do anything in the matter. A UsEFUL INVENTION FOR TELECGRAPr LeLINeEN.-Mr. Nutt, telegraph lineman, of Wanganui, New Zealand, has invented a pair of shoes to enable him to walk up telegraph posts. The shoes consist of a framework of iron the size of the foot, with a strong iron projection, from the toe-point running Up at an angle of about a6deg., and 12in. in length. This' projec tion is furnished with side-grips about Sin. long. The posts are on an average about 10in. wide, so that the grips clasp the two' sides and support the weight of the body. The shlies are' the joint invention of Mr. Nutt'and thie Wangantil lineman, and by their use ladders and' ropes are dispensed with altogether. . . A SAvAvoec A e ScReMeAGE . - The Sydney Tsow and Coueary of' July 26 pub lishes the following telegram form its Adelaide correspondent :-Another Salva. tion Army row occurred .in Clare last evening. After the army had made night hideous throughout the unhappy town by: the usual horrible "brass band " uproar, they brought their dismal outside orgie to a close by filling up the main street to wards their barracks. A number of citizens' whose temper has, unfortunately for the. salvationists, given way under the con tinued strain of this terrible infliction, had assembled on the road just outside the barracks, and were armed with the un savoury, egg, 'a missile which, from: its effective, and yet not dangerous, character,. is steadily 'growing in favour: in our northern townships.. "Captain'!. 'Head, who was in the van intoning "U pwith the banner on high," had his rendition of the well-known hymn suddenly cut short by' the "explosion" of two over-ripe " ovals in close proximity.to his vocal organ, and the contents trickled' down upose and seriously damaged his new uniform, which: he lad donned for the first time that. evening. The "captain" is a converted prize [wrestler, and this treatment caused the old Adam to rise .within him, and he' at once "went for" the leaders of this egg bombardment, ' and tried to 'hug ione of them in the Cornish style, but was received by. a pair of Irish fists, and got' badly mauled. The ruin: ofhis uniform was now completed. . - .' EunOreAN DESIGNS INe I ArecA.-English mail news to 20th of June states that Spanish and Italian susceptibilities' son tinue much excited by proceedings between Franue and Morocco. France has granted French citizenship to tie Grand Sehreef of Wazan, whose spiritual authority is 'oming more'and more in conflict with the Sultan's temporal authority. A considerable sec tion of the population of Northern Morocco are reportedjto beon thepoint oflaccepting, if they have not already accepted, French protection. A powerful French squadron Las jsist visited Tangier. The French Government denies the ambitious pro jects attributed to it in Morocco, but avows its wish to rectify the frontier between Algeria and Morocco. Spain has received a hint from France that the latter would not object to pressure being brought to bear upon the Sultan to obtain an expan sion of Spanish territory near Ports Ceuta and Melilla. The Italian Government, while jealously watching French progress, reserves Tripoli as its own share of the spoil when the time for partition may come, dnd has declared it will regard its claims on Tripoli as a question of peace or war. DISTINe UISHED VISITORs TO n Ew ZsALANDi.-General Sheridan, Commander in-Chief of the United States, and Mr. Gerald Massey, the well known poet and lecturer (who comes on a lecturing tour through the Australian colonies), arrived at Auckland by the Zealandia last week. LAUNCESTON GAs COMPANrr.-TlThe half Syearly meeting of the shareholders in the Launceston Gas Company will be held at the' Company's offices, at 3p.m. to- day. PROiFESSORe RENTOUL IN TaOUSLE. It is ,sitated biy the Victdrian Press that thd Rev. J: L'. Rentoil has been served witli a writ, ilaiming £1000 damages, at lie suit of. Alfred ~Mountain, who was unsuccessfilly proiesecuted fot stealing MIrs. Ibentoul's jakekbt. Tne THEATRICAL SbANDAL:-The Moel bourne Herald alpoldgises to Mr. Harcourt Lee in the, issue of Monday, for having Adlinected his namine with I?Mrs South's escapade: li?CRZEASE IN VALUIE o LANa iN * iisssAN: -- Land at, Townsville, Queenisland, appears to be rapiidly incrdas iig in value: At a recent sale, allotments in the outskirts of that town realised £1200 per acre: d(is von SMaALL-1lOX.-- A correspondeht of the Livsedrpooet Mercury.wiites to that Jitirnal as follows :-" I sani willing to risk nmy reputation as a public man if the Worst case of small-pei cannot be effect iially mired in three days, sniply by cream Sof tartard This is a sutie and never-failing remedy: One ounce of cream of tartar dissolved [in a pint of boiling water, to be Sdtunk when cold at short intervals. It can be taken at any time, and is a preven tive as Well as a curative. It is known to have curd in a hundred thousand cases, withuit a failure. I have myself restored hundreds by this nimeans. It never leaves a mark, never causes blindness, and always prevents tedious lingering. If the people '.would only try it, and report all the cures to you, you would require many columnis if you gave them publicity." - . CoocCesaoE MONE.Y-During last week .the _Treasurers of South Australia received a letter forwarding a five pound note as conscience money. An exchange states the last time that a similar thing occurred was when Mr. Mann was Atterney-General, but the sum then amounted to '200. WESrT or ?n. CLAEKs are requested to communicate at once with their mother, at Hobart, by whom any information of her sons (whom it is about a year since she heard news from) will be thankfully re ceived., THE Launiceston 'Liedertafel meet to night for rehearsal at the Mechanics' Institute, when the attendance of members *is requested. ' THE Northern Finance Conimittee meet at 83p.m. to- day'at Trinity Vestry. F. STAN?IELD, Merchant Tailor and Outfitter,. George- street, is offering the whole of his" stock at a reduction of three shillings in the pound for cash.-(Advt.) TnE MERoANTILE ASSeocIATION. FOR 'PROTECTION OF TRADE issues a weekly cir cular, showing Bills of Sale registered, Supreme Court and Court of Request Judgments, Bankruptcy Intelligence, and other valuable information. Subscription, Is Sd per quarter, or £1 is per annum in Sadvance (per post, 4s 4d per annum extra); Subscriber'' names received by S. FIELD. Exam?er odice, Launceston.-(Advt.) IN MILITAR , OPERATIONS, the first and most important, step is to strengthen your defences. So with.the human system. In order to fortify it against the sieges of disease, it must be put in.a sound and perfect condition. To effect this end, there is nothing known better calculated to invigorate the constitution than, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. It braces the nerves, tones the 'functions, stimulates the action of the, organs, and sets the machinery of the fraie, in healthy operation. WISE FOLLY.-" For ten years my wife was confined to her bed with such a complication of ailments that no doctor could tell what was the matter or cure her, and I used up a small fortune in humbug stuff. Six months ago I saw an American flag with Hop Bitters on it, and I thought I would be a fool once more. I tried it, but my folly proved to be wisdom. Two bottles 'cured her, she is now as well and as strong as any man's wife, and it cost me only two dollars."-H. W., Detroit, Mich. 'Read DoN'T DIE IN THE House.-" Rough on Rats" clears outrats, mice, beetles; roaches, bed-bugs, flies, ants, insects, moles, jack irabbits, gophers: Moses Moss and Co., Sydney, Agents. 