A Vacation Cruise to the Myall Lakes. THE UPPER MYALL LAKES. By Selvages. (Continued.) On Sunday morning, with an exhilarating atmosphere and the prospect of a delightful promenade a l'eau down the river to the Broadwater, and for supper a coot-stew, to be concocted by the chief cook to the expedition, a bright sun (that luminary is generally pretty bright on the last days of December), and the boys in the best of spirits, we com- menced our return voyage ; two of us paddling leisurely along, while the same number walked the banks in quest of wongas. Ah, me ! there goes the cat out of the bag, for the wonga is a "sceduled" bird, and there is a penalty in the law on any person taking his life during the close season. But what were we to do under the circumstances ? Our little stock of corned beef, such of it as had not been consumed, had gone bad; and we could not replenish our larder at Bullahdelah. The river was too full of snags to allow any fish-netting to be thought of; and the certainty of being hungry after a pull of a dozen miles or so was quite outside the domain of casuistry. "Necessity had no law." So we exercised a bit of local option and determined to get some pigeons or other small game, if we could find any. But the law was not to be broken on that occasion, for the birds, though plentiful, were wary, and on being roused up took refuge in the tops of enormous grey gums, where it was impossible for any eye but a blackfellows to see them. And thus it happened that with the best possible intention of violating the Game Act we were not permitted to indulge in that luxury. So after a walk of half-a-dozen miles, through the dewy underwood, with an occasional chance of clear ground when the cattle track went in the right direction, we struck the river and waited for the skiff without a solitary wonga in our bags. We might have caused any number of parrots, mockers, and leatherheads to give up the ghost, but hunger had not yet with us reached the parrot stage. Rejoining the skiff, we spread the awning and pulled away merrily enough for about eight miles. Then we camped and had some damper, quartpot tea, and jam, by way of tiffin. Resuming our oars, we passed through that magnificent reach of the river described in my last chapter, and descried at the end of it, perched on a skeleton grey gum near the edge, a splendid brown eagle. Will jumped up and crammed a cartridge in the Henry, and we rowed gently to a position about 150 yards from the Jovian bird, who seemed perfectly certain that we could do him no harm from that distance. But the fatal tube in my chief offi- cer's steady hands was destined to carry his death-warrant. "Ping," as before, with the pelicans, and down dropped the eagle— a magnificent fellow, with talons capable of carrying off a good-sized wallaby— at the foot of the tree, with a bullet through his neck, close under the head. He weighed about 50lbs., or perhaps more, and we thought him a grand enough specimen to deserve skinning. The feathers of the tail and wings would have done honour to "Sitting Bull" or any other warrior. The talons would have done for wool-hooks. The head and the piercing eyes, whose lustre sudden death had not yet dimmed, seemed to reproach us all as regicides; but we took refuge in the usual zoological dispensation which we had procured from the highest ecclesiastical authority, and consoled ourselves as best we could. Some of that eagle's best fearhers have gone to England ; and, for aught I know, have been duly distributed among the crowned heads of Europe, to do duty as the signatory quills for treaties and protocols and State documents of that exalted character which requires an eagle's plume. As for Will, we began to regard him as a second Doctor Carver, and offered to back him freely for the Queen's prize at Wimbledon. Reaching the Broadwater about 2 o'clock, we found a stiff north-easter blowing, and that meant a good long beat to Bumble Point, or Blackfellows' Crossing, as some people call it, which separates the Broadwater from the Upper Myall Lakes. We got to Bumble Point about 4 o'clock, after a very pleasant two hours' welting to windward, during which, I suppose, we must have roused up two or three dozen assemblages of swans and ducks. But they would none of them let our tanned sail get within 200 yards of their nobility. If the Bradwater is in shape like an inflated wine or water skin, such as they use in Spain and other parts of Europe, Bumble Point or the Crossing would be the neck of it. The lake is only a short mile or so from the ocean and the in- tervening neck of land is almost a dead flat, covered with swamp ti-tree and swamp oak. The only high land is on the Bullahdelah or western side, but there the timber is very fine and keeps a saw-mill in constant work in a corner known as Dirty Creek, euphony being no more studied in this part of the colony than in any otter rural districts. The lake averages a depth of perhaps eight or ten feet, though there are many shallow patches (one very large one, almost in the centre), which do not carry more than three feet. Owing to this condition a strong breeze from W. or N.E. or S. soon raises a very troublesome sort of sea on the lee shores quite unlike the regular and long roll which a similar breeze brings up in deep waters like Sydney Harbour. The lake sea is short, and with a tendency to break on board, and a boat does not seem so lively in it as in salter and deeper water. But there are no snags, and no rocks, except close ashore, so that the only danger is the shallow patch in the middle, and it is easily seen and avoided, or if your boat does not draw over two feet you can run over it. Passing from Broadwater through the Narrows into the small reedy lake, or series of lakes, higher up (the Narrows at Bumble Point are not more than 70 yards wide), we were still obliged to fight the north-easter ; but there was plenty of water to tack in, almost up to the reeds, which in many places advance into the lake at least 150 yards, and provide shelter for enormous flocks of coots, and no doubt in the season for many families of black ducks and teal. We saw in a distance of a couple of miles many thousands of coots. Sometimes a flock would cover a space 100 yards square, and when it rose as the boat approached near gunshot, the patter of many thousand wings, as the birds beat the water with them, and their half-webbed feet in the process of passing from paddling to flight, was like the sound of distant vollies. At the head of "Reedy Lake," as we christened this sheet of water for want of a more descriptive name, and in igno- rance of its proper one, are the ruins of a large saw-mill, which when I was last in these waters was the centre of a thriving colony of Scotch sawyers, employed by a tall red- haired Highlander named McCrae or McCraw, I forget which, but as fine a specimen of a white man as one could desire. But there was no Highlander here during this visit of ours, and everything had a dismal look of desertion about it. The machinery was gone, and everything that could be removed. The chimney alone remained to show where the "circulars" and the "verticals" used once to provide sawn stuff in unlimited thousands of feet, as witness the mountain of sawdust and strippings projecting into the lake from the spot where the mill was fed with logs in bygone years ; a curious memorial of the splendid forest which once clothed these hills, but has left no second growth behind it as yet fit for the saw, if ever it will be. Two or three rotting punts, the bottoms riddled with carbro, lay in the ooze near the sawdust, but the only animation visible was on the water. As far as the eye could reach flock after flock of coots, teal, and black swans, were swimming along the margin of the reeds, but they all seemed to know by a sort of instinct that 100 yards were quite little enough to separate us from them. Passing by the old mill, our course lay nearly east, and after a beat still to windward of an hour, we passed the two picturesque little wooded islets which lie in the opening to the Upper Myall Lake, the largest of the entire series. At this point we found signs of permanent habitation ; one was a cottage and some cleared ground on the north side of the narrows, and the other on the south side, a farm house on a projecting tongue of land, on which all the timber had been ringbarked. A herd of dairy cattle was browsing on this ridge, which appeared to be well grassed for the time of the year and the long drought which had been prevailing. This place was a virgin fores; when I had visited the Myall Lakes. It is now a thriving homestead selection belonging to Mr. Charles Bonney, a good-natured Yankee, who, with his sons, makes an ex- cellent business by drawing timber for the various mills farther up the lake. Charles Bonney is an enterprising fellow, as he ought to be, coming from the State of Maine, and had been in the colony for many years, during some of which he had been with McCrae, who, he told me, was now living up Bullambeet Creek, "close handy." I had a mind and a half to go and look him up, for I owe him a debt of grateful memories to many good services. Bonney had a selection of 640 acres, so situated that he had entire command of about 20 miles of country, but grass is not plentiful, and what there is won't fatten stock well for the market. He told me that the emus often came sailing down the ridge, almost to the door of his cottage, and creating stampedes among the cattle. "Werook," which is the name of Bonney's homestead, is charmingly situated, and in ordinary weather must be very productive. When we were there, the drought had ruined nearly everything— pumpkins, maize, water-melons, cucum- bers, everything seemed to be in extremis! We passed on and entered the big lake, where we found the southern shores covered to a depth of a foot or more with snow-white flakes of foam as far as the eve could reach. This was the work of the north-easter blowing during a succession of days ; but there must be something in the condition of the water (which is brackish) to account for the peculiar facility with which, after a little chafing, it deposits these contina- ous wreaths of whipped cream. I have seen the same deposits of foam on the margins of some of the fresh-water lakes in the interior, but never such a supply of it as here. In one corner we saw an island of it piled up to the full height of the reeds, and the effect was as if all the soapsuds in the world had been collected in one spot to bewilder us. The Upper Myall, or Big Lake, is of rather irregular shape. Its extreme length might be about 9 or 10 miles, by a width varying from 1½ to three or four miles. The country is bold on every side, and especially to the west and north-west, where the hills reach the altitude of respectable mountains, that is to say, 800 to 1000 feet. There are three well- wooded islands in the lake, the largest containing about 100 acres. They are all covered with a reedy grass, which renders walking rather troublesome, while the surface is not improved by all sorts and sizes of rough boulders very treacherous to boots with nails in the heels. The scenery of the Big Lake is of itself quite worth the journey from Port Stephens. There must be plenty of mullet in the bays and creeks, for we were rarely a minute without seeing some huge fellow toss himself into the air. This saltatory habit of the lake mullet (which is precisely the same fish we know as the sea mullet) must surely be the result of a natural instinct for diversion. The fish does not feed on insects, but on mud, and it does not jump to escape from the pursuit of an enemy, for in these brackish lakes of the Myall, it has no enemies but the fisherman and the fish-hawks. In former times this splendid fish was, of course, the staff of life for all the fishing tribes of aboriginals living about the lakes ; and the business of spearing and netting him was, doubtless, the principal work of the day; but all that is changed now; almost all the aboriginals in the district are quartered about Port Stephens, and they only visit the lake country occa- sionally, for the Government, or rather the Aboriginals Pro- tectorate, have given them a fine fishing boat and gear, and with this they manage to make a better living in Port Ste- rhess than they could on the lakes. A blackfellow ones told me that mullet jumped up out of the water in order to see which direction they ought to follow to get to their des- tination ; just as a porpoise comes to the surface to discharge air and take in a fresh supply ; but I am rather incredulous about that, for all our other other high-swimming fish manage to get along without jumping out of the water to find out the right direction. After a splended cruise all over the lake as far as Croll's mill, we determined, much against the grain, to return to Bonney's for the night. We were in sad straits for meat, and knew that he could let us have a junk or two of salt beef at all events. So just about duck helm up ! and away we ran with boom well out and squaresail set (every stitch we could carry) before a rattling breeze. It was near 9 o'clock before we had picked a place for our camp close by "Werook,'' under the lee of come swamp oaks. Here we negotiated the coots, and an admirable supper they yielded us, with two redbills and a brace of whistling ducks, which we shot on our way up. The chief cook stewed them with a few onions, some rice and biscuit, in a large billy; but it was impossible for the boys, who were ravenous for their supper, to wait for three hours. They determined to fossick about and see what supplies the neighbours might be induced to part with, and in the course of an hour they returned with damper and eggs, and a large jug of new milk. This took the edge off their veracity, and they were able to survey my operations with less impatience. It was near midnight before the birds, "scheduled" and "unsheduled" were ready for the ceremony in which they were to play so important a part. The billy, built specially for the occasion, held about 1½ gal- lons. In half an hour it was empty ; and after raking the fire together for the night under a big dead log, and having finished the all-important business of the camp, and while the boss was smoking a consolation pipe before turning in for the night, or what there was remaining of it, Dave and the rest of the expedition addressed themselves (Dave is working out his articles remember) to the consideration of a very serious question which the pleasant assimilation of those birds had raised in our collective consciences. The act of shooting a "scheduled" bird is visited by law with the possible mulet of £5, and we had not only shot several such birds, but eaten them too. Dave, a genial sort of casuist, held that the offence, if offence it were at all, to obey the imperious behests of hunger, would be amply punished by the imposition of a fine of one farthing per bird by the justice exercising his summary jurisdiction over the members of the expedition. But, the "boss" pour en- courager les autres took a very serious view of the case, and gave it as his opinion that there had been an undoubted breach of the Game Act, which could only be justified by the fact that the leader of the expedition was a certificated collector, who by stress of circumstances had been obliged to collect on this occasion rather for his comrades and his own stomach than for any museum. At length we all fell asleep, consoling ourselves as best we could for a violation of the law, which could not have been well avoided, and hoping that if we were to be prosecuted, Mr. White, of Tahlee, would be the presiding magistrate. As a matter of fact, in December of last year all over the lakes the coots and ducks and swans had long since raised their families, and got rid of them, so that the sole object of the close season (which is to prevent the destruction of breeding birds until their young are able to shift for themselves) had then been gained, and the "scheduled" birds were as fit to be shot as in winter time. Shortly after daylight on the last day of the year, which found us in this remote part of the world, while some of us struck camp and packed everything away in the skiff, others paid a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Bonney in their charming country residence of "Werook." They received us with that most perfect of all courtesies, simply hospitality and after a long yarn with Mr. Bonney about old histories, we left him with two junks of salt beef in our haversack, and a splendid supply of milk and home-made bread and fresh butter in our basket. Alas ! I offended our worthy benefac- tor by proffering payment, but finding that he was one of the old school, promptly apologised for my indiscretion, and we left "Werook" with many mutual good wishes, and promises, all of which, I hope, may be fulfilled in the ful- ness of time. He told us that a sailing boat had passed up the lake the day before with a eurious cargo— at least, so he seemed to regard it— namely, two "lawyers" from Sydney. He said that sawyers were familiar objects, but as to lawyers, it puzzled him what they could be after in that peaceful part of the world. When he told me their names I com- forted him by an assurance that they were certainly up to no mischief, but were probably "excurting" for fresh air and fresh scenery like ourselves. Then, whispering that one of our own party (Dave the Aforesaid) was himself apprenticed to the great Six-and-eigntpenny pro- fession, I bade him be of good cheer, and should the dreaded visitors call at "Werook," advised him to entertain them as if they were angels, and he their unconscious host. A stiff southerly had come up after midnight, and although we were too well occupied dreaming of and maybe digesting those scheduled birds to pay any heed to it, yet by the time we had everything ready for a start the breeze had hardened down to a double reef- blow, under which condition accordingly we made our start homeward. Nothing occurred from Werook to Bumble Point deserving of special mention, except that the chief officer fell ill, and for some time I thought he must have been influenced internally by the coots, but as no other member of the expeditionary force under my command made any complaint we all agreed that a couple of pills would put him right. At 6 o'clock in the afternoon we reached Bumble with five coots and several redbills in the boot; and we ought to have had a couple of black ducks, but the chief officer's fowling-piece (sad contrast to his rifle) could not be persuaded to go off at the right time. There was just enough daylight to cut poles for the camp and to get every thing ready for a good long night's rest on the little patch of grass at the extremity of the point, which for more abundant luxury we strewed with delicious fresh rushes. Towards dusk bevies of black ducks and swans crossed con- tinuously from the big to the little lake, and vice versa. I could not resist the temptation. Wherefore, planting myself among the rushes at the extreme end, with the breech- loader and a dozen cartridge, I soon established relations which eventuated in the addition to our supper of five fine black ducks. I could have brought down thrice as many, but cui bono? Why kill for the mere sake of "sport?" We had enough for the pot. All hands, except the sick men, were soon hard at work plucking and cleaning the birds, and shortly after nightfall the big billy was again alongside a roaring fire, and we watching it. Poor Will was too much out of sort to take any interest in our bar- barous proceedings, but we made him as comfortable as pos- sible and promised him any quantity of Cookie's pills when we got to the "Tea Gardens." Dave and Codger behaved like the thoroughbred young bandits they are, and as to the supper, why, of course, it was fit for the most exacting appetite in the Australian Club, and that is saying some- thing. So we spent New Year's Eve at Bumble Point under canvas, instead of a plaster ceiling, with appetites appeased by real game after real fatigue, instead of the sour or greasy mixtures which in civilised life pass for food, and are assimilated by a servile digestive machinery as impotent as it is erratic. Bumble Point is, perhaps, better known as the black- fellows' crossing-place, for here the ancient possessors of the soil found the most convenient passage from one side of the lake to the other in water not more than four feet deep. No canoes were needed. It was, and is, an easy ford; and, moreover, the place was admirably suited for meshing and spearing fish, which abound at this point, especially the large perch, which, when in prime condition, is even a better fish than the yellow-finned sea bream caught at the mouth of the Hawkesbury, and notably at Dangar Island. No wonder, therefore, that Bumble Point was in old times a great resort of the ancient "Thoroughbreds." On New Year's Day we made an early start; it always took nearly two hours to pack away the camp, and the various utensils appertaining thereto. Will had passed a bad night, so it was necessary for us to get home as soon as possible. As the boys (Dave and Codger) were stowing away the things, I took the gun, and strolled to the end of the point. A single black duck came sailing over head, distant about 70 yards as I thought, but he was not far enough, for I dropped him with the left hand barrel, and the boys picked him up with the skiff, in which we all soon afterwards embarked, but could not resist the temptation presented by a flock of coots, from which we managed to subtract five ; then a beautiful crested grebe made a sud- den appearance from a bunch of rushes, and he also was destined to fall a victim to the deadly choke-bore. Him we skinned forthwith, and took great pains to preserve the skin. Happy bird ! his breast and wings now decorate the bonnets or hats (I never know one from the other) of two fair damsels who gave me no peace until I had surrendered the whole skin to their imperious coaxings. About 8 o'clock we got honestly under weigh, and the north-easter got under weigh too. After rolling off a mile or so on our road to Tamboys, across our old friend, the Broadwater, we ran almost into a mob of black swans, which contained several "quillers;" that is to say, birds which had moulted their pinion feathers and were only able to flutter along the surface of the water for a few hundred yards. I determined to capture some of them and take them to Sydney as a present to the "Zoo." These "quillers' (as they are called) sometime hide themselves in the big flocks, and sometimes keep to themselves. The general moulting time is about Easter, but during the summer months there are always some swans moulting where there are large gatherings of them. We could have caught 20 or 30 that day on the Broadwater had we been so minded. It will be suffi- cient to describe the capture of one. There was a mob of 40 or 50 dead ahead, and I steered the skiff straight at them. All rose before we were within range except two, one an old gentleman and the other a cygnet. These, husbanding their wings, swam tight into the wind's eye, and at such a pace that it was not easy work for the skiff (smart centreboard though she is) to overtake them. At length we singled out the old bird and give chase to him, under sail, in a properly scientific manner. Wonderful to see how he cleft the water, always working dead to windward! At length he got exhausted, and we began to gain rapidly. He let us get within a few yards, and then, whoosh ! up he rose and flapped along the surface of the lake, dead to leeward, for about 250 yards. Then he dropped, and commenced paddling away for dear life. Up helm! and after him. In a few minutes we again got with a few yards of him, but just as the skiffs bumpkin was getting about arm's length from his tail, round he turned on his pivot and away he began to swim as before, right in the wind's eye. Of course we had to gybe, so, by that beauti- fully executed manoeuvre, he managed to secure a start of some 50 yards of us. However, we were soon on his track, and again overhauled him. Will, who had begun by this time to wake up and become excited by the chase, got into the bow and prepare to seize him, or, if need be, to jump into the Broadwater after him, just as if we were all at some regatta engaged in a gig and dinghee chase. The dexterous old bird evaded the outstretched hand, and making a short dive under our forefoot, flapped away again to leeward for about a hundred yards. But he was evidently getting more and more exhausted ; and when we gybed the last time and ran after him down the wind, he was too distressed to undertake any more evolutions, but fell an easy prey. When he was finally landed, we secured his legs with a strand of rope, and left him a prisoner in the stern sheets. Thus, or nearly thus, we ran down some half-a-dozen other swans. The cygnets we liberated, but kept four of the oldest birds to take to Sydney. At first they all sulked, and refused any nourishment ; but after the third day, every one of them returned to his senses and eat as much soaked biscuit and maize as we could give them. Some of them were fond of giving any foot or hand within reach a sly tap with their bills, but we soon got on the best of terms with one another. This was the first time that I had run down moulting swans under sail. Twice before, once on Manboro and on Bharrewherree Lake, I had assisted in running them down under oars. And you must not have a punt to do it with, for these birds can scull along at a surprising pace. We passed Tamboys (where the Myall enters the Broad- water) while the day was still young, but as the sun rose higher in the heavens the sail was stowed and the awning spread. We rowed on (all but our sick man) in easy spells and camped for dinner a few miles above the Tea Gardens. After a modest repast, we continued our course down the river, starting several flocks of black ducks above the Mangrove Islands; and, having reached the Tea Gardens about 5 o'clock, went ashore and made some purchases at the store, among them being a box of Cookie's antibilious pills. There were several ketches alongside the river bank,, ready to load timber as soon as the holidays were over; and with them was a steamer, which traded to Newcastle, the Myall. This vessel offers an excellent opportunity to persons desirous of visiting these lakes, as she is a regular trader, and could carry half-a-dozen skiffs on board com- fortably. All that is necessary to take care of is so to time your arrival at Newcastle to catch her. Again embarking, we dropped down the Myall past Windywapper to Myall Point, and there we found a strong flood-tide setting in. . It was a hard pull to get to Nelson Bay after the fatigues of the day, but we reached our old quarters shortly after nightfall, and Mr. Dalgleish kindly brough us letters from home reporting all well. After giving Will a couple of Mr. Cockle's panaceas, we indulged in a light supper, and soon after all turned in, thoroughly well tired, but delighted above measure with our trip and sorry that it was over. The yacht was found just as we left her, and our only grief was that a lobster which we had left below the ballast deck for bait before leaving, having become fearfully ancient and fish-like, gave us the trouble of washing down and airing our apartments before we could venture to occupy them for the night. "Now then, mate" (I hear some of my readers muttering), "take a turn, and belay"— a hint not to be disregarded. 