WILLIAM 'WEBSTER'S LAY SER\f jtf\ AND CANON ANDREWS. iprt mmr trrvrmnT- Sir— I am sorry that the Rev. W. B; Andrews demurs to ' enter thelists of control versy with me on the question as to whethey Kn CMonno f\i rtftlitinnl ennnr^mvr nn/tarliaa tha ,1 eachings of faith in any part of the Nsw -' Testament,' because in so doing he is shirk Dg the discussion of the question which he ? ias himself raised— i.e., as to whether Wil iam Webster's exposition is in accordance pith the letter and spirit of his text or not Jr. Andrews claiming to speak witi tha uthority of a theologian declared that fc is not ; and in his leply to ne he says deliberately that 'political conomy or anything touching on the land ineBtion is not contained in that passage in he Sermon on the Mount on which Mr. rVebstcr bases his remarks.' Now this mode if stating the matter raises a false issue in he minds of those who have not read the ^position in questioD. It assumes that rVebster asserts that the passage bears lirectly on the land question, but instead o ,hat the writer aEBerts that he finds in it. 'principle by which the justice or iniuBtic -f property m land can be decided.' la ?eply to Mr. Andrews's bald assertions p - ihis matter my sense of fair play compels me |o ask that you will kindly insert an extract :rom the 'Lay Sermon' which gives the exposition under discussion. [The extract in question is longer than wo :an find room for. Any one interested can )btain the paragraph and read it for himself.] I am very sorry, indeed, that I have t iccuse Mr. Andrews of either neglect to endeavour to understand William Webster's meaning before criticising it, or worse, of wilful misrepresentation of the evident : teaching, when he says that it inculcates the principle ' let each one look keenly after his pwn interests.' I challenge Mr. Andrews to justify his assertion that such a princiitle ia inculcated anywhere in the pamphlet. I im still more sorry to have to Dwn that this is one of many in stances in which theological prejudice has either, consciously or unconsciously, misrepresented whatever does not fit in with its preconceived notions. Mr. Andrews says that 'the Kingdom of God, instead of being ? better materially regulated conditions between man and man, is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Gho3t.' Is it possible that he does not know the etvmology of the word righteousness? I understand that it comes from rightwaysness, and this can only express itself in materially regulated ' or rectified conditions between man and mas. My reading of that text is that the Kingdom of God is rightwaysness towards our fellows, which will bring peace instead of strife with them and joy in the Holy Ghost as the exhilarating result of that mode of living, or the love to God and love to man that VVebBter teaches. I am, Sir, &c;, ? WM. T. CARTER. 