esof~quatters' Culch. "%'. 4srr'or cOLoaiOO.' 4 tee w. "Thereweas no leosly., Thene was orally.e Was both drank Asioue patrons'of 'the o ' had o ome hours been ap1ilepoe;of alcohol. uthgih.a intdrest e heon prospeeta hallol at a4svoseu as hotbrionelyts in a New " ieatrk y:lneerywho B sworn to oarve end el'ther the speveree of erl ,th gt aesy ' anirleoh .o rousht bis iah a quate foot. The b Poas e bsad sepot atl thes ioamba e. arseepnIe tithle y for: , Jamat.sart a " eehasmet," . eby ourpert Lea their sordid pun, money. utt n, itbythe ,as w eheat Lave djaent ? ualdthnge, where gxpoh brought as: hi?h a uqa m fast. The hlaow e haed emo in and ithe viawlae ..oe: of them e. that poetic sene-ofi leris ed gte mrl ays efl tti eye-n os uvitation " aieqee h mCin, the of healt epp p soned b theat weion} Su returi, are .d e tono e nourthU JJ mad pi !bat wee left pfethe two e-. ' tlmn involed. G imm ejulated . "athoert, re thesltore, that the ouriange, o mn the night omebdinth somontroversything r i" mutnteretMr. One by rone the a for him drto pitoth Trow wit ion to sail eini, until the on" cautioned ueanhwldte bar tyttohiul observers. s inde inger id nowquired Tom aloth Tho as Glanders he dealt t; hree bi sure.nded thatLook judiithere al at the hand down in a dis. . eon'y ust arrim', ae d it's a howmen in the keeps on, theoend "of his larisa extremely a mind,' mused Mr. Cathoart, Sto rise up and give him a bonelit doestilke no Missouri mnd-eater leboye up like he's doing." "fflably rejoined JudgeGash hat ar of authority who?h gave upon the be?h great wemight; h. bit. 'Fur-lined Georgo will be ;;.aad the stranger will have to then. toet him gu on. Gisnme '.ejsaulated Mr. :Cathoart, a "'the ball has begus." list soom bad arisen to his Mtssouriao, a man 01 angulas yioilaster visage, had at last sus. ~ of Gulch were about Smpb 1 " muttered Mr. Catheart, it's s'hame for him to pink arow With The pour chap cea scarcsly hold ownbhead up, let alone fighting. I've e tygood notion to sail in myself." old on," cautioned Judge Goshwilder, "his index finger laid knowingly along dose. "1 Thomas (ianders is all right; he 0wbut sure. Look there l" he quarrel at the bar had been growing TiThes fransger, inflamed With the llteorleehkdibeen drinking, had selected Ssfhe IetsIffUscneve men in the settle. apeelaibobtoet o! his displeasure uTldoms Glmanders, was s iressed man, with a stolid manner, who was looked 'otes p pitying, light by lead bson somethieg % 1 .knows o the entire population of 'the Gulch. What it was, nu one precisely:knew, and no one oared. Buot nearly everybody took an interest in him, and not a soul lived in the town who would not have fought for his sake at an1 time. The Stranger was heaping abuse on Glanders's head-l-buse which he could not comprehend, and which seemed to half be wilder him. But the offensive Missourian went on, goaded to increased fury by his own words.' Still Glanders stood helplesslygazing about him, making no reply, but occasionally passing theback of hierough brownhandacross hiseorehead. Finally, in a transport of rage, the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He spoke for the first time. "Pat it up," he said, quietly, "or I will kilt you." The Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glanders motioned them back. " Put it up, he repeated, firmly, " or I will shoot you in your tracks." Thefitranger fired, and apart of Glander's hatfell to the floor. Few of the,citizens of the Gulch had known or would have believed he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to be a slow and easy-going person, too inoffensive to be trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with violence. But upon this occasion he belied his reputation. Quick salightning-so quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement--a derringer sprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through the room, and the Stranger fell to the floor. There was silence fora moment. Then the wounded Missourisan, after writhing a moment where he lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. He was no longer violent. The fumes of the drink had g9ute evaporated from his brain, and he realized what had happened. Glandere, whose anger had disappeared as quickly as it came, when he saw he was the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the Stranger's head to his knee. SWhisky," he said, shortly, Jo the bar. l''Teiquor was brought, and he poured it between .the Stger's lips. It was a drs meti scene. So -deep, so solemn was the coloring of the plotore, that not a man in the crowd--usunlly a turbulent oe--had as yet sttierd a word. The wounded man, some what rvivedy the stiualant, motloned Gln Gers to lean closer, and heobeyed. There was bolhing but pain in his red face now, and great of rtion stood cot wJL his fore. d. oThe ranger b tta ' obd brouenly, and' then eadddelyell baek, dead. lenders lowered the man's headto the floor, *nd then slowly arose to his feet. The hush phich had some time ,ago fallen upon the Prowd was'not yet distptbed. * ' Boys'," said Glcsndee,is- a voie which trembled slightly, "I hsted'ta do it, but it ~suldn't be h ed I' sorry it was no, and i?rillin' to abide by hat koe say. It it was mrder,etringme np,an be d-- qiio about it:' 'A murmur that arose almost to a shout ran throukh the room. Every man there en dorsedhis-ourse. Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. . He paused once, drew tis hat down over his eyes, buttoned his cost tightly about his throat, and throst his hands into his pockets with an air that "Pouothi l" he muttered, ashe strode into the fIght. "They're orphans now, and Imade a msoI" -,)rawnback some paces irpm the roadway, close to the drik of a tall pine tree, some distnoce from the sturdy settlement of Squat ters' Galah, wascone otithose huge, ungainly sidea which, in the early days of pioneer. io&kwr; known as prairie schooners.. Near biy, inly seen through the darkness, were two oean unhappy.loking borses, browsing in a helpless way upon the seant herbage whiehtle place aiorded. At the loot of the "ee s heap of smouldering embers showed that there had been a smell fir earlier it the night This was the scene into which Glan ders peered half an hour after the tragic oo ,urrence I haveuest described For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and' silently, upon the pole of the waggon. So far as any ignof his was concerned he might have been asleep. Poe?blythe was going over the events of the ,evening. Perhaps he wee framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of hiureverie, and arose to his fees Thomas Glanders was amethodiaal man. For years he had plodded along in a quiet, creworn manner, aooomplishing nothing that any of his companions could discover, but never complaining of ill fortune r pain. Moasupposed he musthave money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had di?icultyin meeting his obligations. To thesuffering be was always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomae'Glanders could berelied upon, when sharity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him. He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at prese eribed times, and he drank his four glasees of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. Hiewas a pure matter.of-fact life. Whatever bad lack came to him-and it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune-he ?c cepted it without a word of complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he'had a touch of more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was dever a sign of jubilation in his conduct. He rarely talked, saving when words were absolutely neoessary. What he had to do he did, and he made very little fuss about it. When. Glanders arose from his position upon the pole of the waggon, his firstoperation was to pile a few sticks of wood upon the coals. In a little while there was a blaze, w'ich, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerablelight. This illumination, or the sound of Glander's footstep about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life Inside the waggon, for there was a slight move ment, and then a childish voice, rather petu lant in its tone, said: "The old man, I e'pose--dog-gone him." "Shet up "l' responded another voice, obviounsy thatof a lad, "or you'll get another lacrupln'. El he's full, he's sassy." Olanders leaned against the tree, and all became quiet again. For the second time since he had arrived upon this scene, he tell to thinking, and, as before, his reflections were so absorbiong that he lost all conscious nese of what was passing around him. He did not even notine that the canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes wore peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. - It was entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until she spoke was he aware of her presence. "Where's the old manl" were the first words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was up turned to his. Perhaps it was the flickering of the firelight that caoused the quick shade that fell across his face. But it looked like an ozpression ol pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetdously: "Don't you hear? What in blazes is the matter of you ? Where's the old man l" •'own the guloh," replied Glanders, slowly and with some di~foulty. "Dh," said the girl, with an odd mixture of earcasm and ouriosity. "H9 sent you up to say he wqes drank, . s'pose. Sati he wouldn't be home tiL be got pod and zready -didn't he? Told you to tell as to look sharp, or he'd lick' both of us when he got home, I redkon-hey?" "Does he beat you, than ?" asked Glan. ders, with a weak attempt at evasion. "Does he? Now you just bet he does. AndI've got my opinion of aibig loafer that licks a little gal like me, what can't help herself. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then boe'll get pot under the daisies with his boots on-you hear me ?" Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But he was strangely attracted to the big eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the face and ejecting her wordeiwith an energy that would have.been Indiorous under other circumstances. She was'a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was curly.and light, and it fell'in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She wase poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the. cramping in fluence of shoes. There was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glander's eyesas he looked at this child standing there in the firelight and re. garding him fixedly. "Come here," be said, after a while; "some here and talk with me. I want to nsk you 'some questions." He went over and sat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for ajmoment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. " I'lldo it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharneess had all gone. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It ain't oause you're hand some-that's dead sure." Glenders paid no attention to this uncom. plimentary allusion to his personal appear ance. With him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me," the said, when the girl had settled herself on thesground in front of him, "do you like the old mars.-are you fond of him?" " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, "I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too handy with the back o his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. "But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, ' you can't quite hate a man when he'a the only portector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all the bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer hbread. But as a gen'ral thing he did the best he knowed how, and- Say, what are you thinking about so hard ?!' Glanders was just at that ?moment thinking he was about the darkest driminal in the world. Tosavehimself from$iesible destrue. tion, he had killed a fellow.being-an act, I regret to sy, which was no edtflticently infre quent in those days, and in that settion, to call for any special regrets upon its own aso sount. But Glanders reflectad that in de. priving the Missouri .bully of his life, he had also taken away the only prop upon which this helpless child nieed for suport. It was a reflection whir?lflled him'at first with dismay and self-reprdach, a1d then with a certain definiteness of .urpose. "Sis," said he, aftek p modent, passing his hand'over her straying curad rith a kind of rough tenderness that was no'et withbat its element of magnetism; "sif,'Wf thar was a man-mind ye, I don't say. iiar is a man but et that was one as come to yjn and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children sants a home, bein' without dne, ye can home and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and eliygant abode, bein' built as it were in the first rude' stages o' civilization of any men was to say thistb ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, 'what would you answer ? " The girl looked fall in his face. "Answer? Why, I'd collar.the offer like ohainligltning-enly," she ~esitated 1 an instant-" 0nly the old man never'd stand by and let me'havesuoh a good thing as that -never." ' "He'll never hother ye anymore, my child," said Glanders. "Do ye feel very had about it?" "Bad?" sheechoed. "Yes. The old man has beeq took, as it were,.to put it gently, to Abraham's boosem. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into his home is the one as did it." The young girl started back, and 'regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Pre aently, after peering into hie eyes for some little time, she said: " Then I don't believe it was your fault. You ain't the :kind of a man to do that sore of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a.-stonishin' he hasn't ketohed it afore." Glanders tookadeep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. " Then," said he, " we most be movin'." In the morning the camp of Squatters' Guloh was surprised to see a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glanders'e cabin, and, later in the day, it was still farther astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the Stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading .explanations put farward by those who con versed upon the subject was the proposition that Glandere's supposititious wife in the States-an appendage which was attached in a greater or less degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or ex. pressed upon the subject, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. 'Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is the dies tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, which, being cast this way and that by the changes which Constantly occur innew countries, readily aooustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting be. fore the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and the children on the floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glandere broke the silence. " Bis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family secrete of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business perticklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't ransonable for me to go on always a-callin' of yc 'Sis,' and the young chap 'Bob.'" "That's so, I reckon," promptly replied the n pointing to the boy, his'n is Bridbert. His t'other name ain't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother. His name is lathbun--Robert Rathbun. Hello I What's up, Mr. Tom ?" "Nothin'," replied Glanders, whose sface had suddenly become rigid. "On'y I drepped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, yoongsters. I want to think. Hold up a bit What became of yer mother-Bob?" S"Dead, air. Drownded in the Minsouri ovorflow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby." rihe theynwere gone, and icr hems after ward, Glanfce eat lookiegloomily into the "Pere gal," he mpttered, afters long time. " Et matters had come out a leetie different, that would her bin my boy. Mine. Well, what to hinder now " Raving by some acute mentalprooess eon vinsed himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. The soft. autumn deays, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado sunn melted slowly away into the crisp and vest?'winter. Then came the budding sprig; the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, and the months closed into years, until Squatters' Guclh, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name ofhi other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There were other ehanges, too, in the genial atmosphere surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat nnoouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep ides f the ravine had almost entirely; disappeared, and their places were filled with more sightly cottages. The beineas part of the town had grown commensurately with the other por tions of Clarion City, and the ples presented an altogether sightly appearance, cosily tucked away among the pine.eiad foothills. In a tasteful cottage, toward the outer edge of the settlement, -livu Mr. Thomas Glanders and the memberdofisg amily, who have heretofore been. des?ribed fI this vere ciouse narrative. It was apettyplasoe, and it was marked here and there by -the unmis takable traces of a-woman's snoe. Neat white curtains hung, in the wsladws, a ham. mock swung on the verandm and a trailing vine grew over the posts b the door. On night, as the sun wasM?ei?ing down across the western aky the verand as ooapied by two yonng pesple A. snglear.yyoungmin was swingingin the hammock, While sitting beside him, idly moving the'network banck ward and forward, was aliitan graceful girl She was bl?ahingd.bplytno not hang. log her head. Thereserendedin hersLage blue eyes a look of open ranknlee, which I do not think is often fouodaboat the faoes of young women when they are diseussing the subject which was at that moment cocupying her attention. "There is somethin which seems almost like sacrilege about it, obert",~she said, with a touch of remonstranoe.tin:e voice. "I had grown to thinkynumy brotherin reality; as well as by saesoeation.' . "But you love me, LXmy. Yoe have told me so." His voloe was deep, and not un musical to the ear. And ithd ubonut it, in the time of pleading,.agmersoasve tenderness which, I fear, Inore than one Ohes 'fluttering damsels of the Gulch had nd.it dif?ult to resist. But Miss Luaywmn utet. -the, com mon sort, and shedid?-oeheet es? yas?entto' the proposition advaened. . ' "What." she asked, prea -y,; "would le think?" :' d It was apparent that' he yongnman did not require a more denit,,esed ptivbterm to understand who was iselt Ato.. "He would eosly hbjeqb, [Luco. You know bhloves both cPm wMrny, cnd his heppia test graest huppinuse would; Inat-lng us rps," replied i Lpt..y, t:ho . as both more to beopi.lbd .a it we were dead, ou? edueatis.-sallerPib?su.:me byhim. We son sarely do anythl:n~th mus bring him pain, Iobert." .. .;. . The oung man i the haaamo o silnt for a moment,,' " Tell me," h sid, inak bll le while, " wh you e?ppose there is any de?hter that wll Sobjet. ,n ".?,,: ' Miss Looy'slace asenmed ebpssaeladet. I-I-well, noting. , It -it my imagination.". '. '. "`Will yon auk himl" Another psese& Thenin h low voice "Yes. I will ask himto- nightiffJe does not speak rst. Ifl ooengsts, ii rt, I will do all that you have.asked." " ?hat's a dear, sweet buoy," .elasi e Robert, springitg to hisisatmndli hsing lips. " We shalube vsery ktsph - As he strolled down th? in Mice Luoy's eyes followed his retre tipg IigQE adly. hen he was gone she crew .'Jong and slightly tremulous breathc and ,u .her head against the post. She- stil stthus, wit her eyes bent upon the groped-_ahe a heavy footfall aroused her attention, `Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from hi?? afb At the month of the Giant mine.' ',$paqnite the Thomas Glanders we havey lnewn?'hereto fore. His eyes were serener now-than they were of old, and bis*resd bat.not thatele ment of' hesitation wbihJ rmierly-marked it. Thomas Glsndere, .min? pwner and operator, with a pretty home,.an ?hbe .ena. Ate of solicitous female .soe ty; s suther inclined to be an ornament O. his sex, al. though there were momente, muet relate, when he did not cooupy a S oimilt elation to the English language. " Good evenin', Lucy, he.said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her Side, and seated himself so that the folds vether-dreambrushed against his knees. "Imet Robert asIcame up the hill. A fioebo, ? that, rmI'mas proud of him as if I had baen-hi..ther." A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly,: One hand lay unemployed in her lap. lAndare.pi'ked it up, and held it in his own: It ooke so small, so white, so lovely; in his great palm, that he speedily sovered it up byirawi his brown fngers about it. s " It's a whiter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively, "thoughit ain'tme h bigger than it was when I first took it i 'mme, that night under the big tree. Ah, ny girl, I didn't see then, and I didn'tget to imame that you would be so dear tome some day. I didn't know that in.the osume pftime'you would get to be-what you ate o me. It I had " Another pause. This time Iooe was slightly trembling. " If I had," he continued, "I hould alinost have been afraid to see yon." "Afraid " The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. "Afraid I might some, time lose you afraid that some other love but theregard you had for olumey, poor-spoken old'Tom Glan. ders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man.° Mr. Glanders arose and walked to the other end of the verandsh. Then he ·oame slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the eunny head. "Luoy," he began, " child, you are more to me than I ean tell-more th~a I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for me, but one rest after mylife's .trggle. And it has been a struggle, Lefy, that ain'tslways been easy for to ge the best off. But, Luoy, I don't want to find bult nor to domplain, i ithas brought me you. Eh? Why,hild, you are oryin'. Deary, i I've aid anything that's grioved you, don't mind me. Luny, I't never speak of it again as' long as live. I take it all back, Luoy; I do, so help me Godl" Mr. Glandere was doim by her'-ide, hold: ing her hands, and trying to soothebher. ' In a moment she became quite calm . "You have been knd in ge, shep?id, after a little while. "va n r child-a etranger who W. Ttkn.j e*e&oteoma;, have sumforte an! be e ek semeno~i "Don't speak that way, Luoy. I didn't ealonlate tobuy your heart. I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that." "You didn't buy it, you-you won it. Tom, I love you very, very dearly. It may not be the kind of love you expect, just yet; but, by and by, when we have grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that we were" " Father and daughter, almost," he broke in. "Are you sure, Lucy ? Will you never regret this?" "Never !" she cried, impulsively. " But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at once I It-it must be without de lay, or-or " She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convolaive kiss upon his brown eheek -a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp she was gone. In the gloaming upon his porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy man. Behind him lay all the gloom, andeorrow, and pain that could never come to him now. In the futur-c-what? He could not answer, though it seemed very bright, It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens' of Clarion City were out in the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little chapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had no .tioed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that there were long, deep lines in her facO. Olearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the fato to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the new relations would soon wear it away. Robert did not come home during the ight--a habit which, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanderse had wished to defer the quiet oeremony until his arrival, but Lucy had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was some .hoar after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up any en thseisem in Lucy's breast regarding the various topios of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. "She's bettor alons for a time," he mut tered, apologetically, to himself. "When I come back in half an hour she'll be as bright andheery as ever." For a long time after he went away,-Lury eat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and i stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away-. In a few moments she becamse conscious that someone was near her. Itwa~ Robert, white as a ghost, And trembling neronuely. She looked into hie face .bt could not speak. There was a desp, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, which spoke more plainly than words. "Yes, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashipn. "I heard it as I came up the street. I- shall. not reproach you, Lucy, tor, it he asked you to marry him, it was the only return yoa could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." bhere was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. "I' Ihave come, Luey," continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, 0osay good-bye." " Robert i"she gasped, "do not, do not go "I must' he said, in a strange tone, re a part of his own force as he sai a euh of weakness in the woman he loved. _There is no other course. It would breal my heart to setaytieaLthd see you the wife of m?other. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day,,allt t is good:about me would fade and fade away, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It mast be, Dory. We love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." Shew ras?ilent; SGood-bye, Luoy," he said, more quietly, taking her hard. "Good-bye," she whispered in a ehoking voice. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the san aoross the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to teal away. "Try," said Robert, struggling hard to ro gain his composure, "try to forsg me. You son only fin happiness m that *blivion. Or, i you fthink of me sometimes, remember me the brother who grew up with yen ned loved you with-with only a-a brother's love. Good-lye. God bless, you, little sister." He turned on his heel and took a step for. ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. "What was that ?" asked Lucy, turning if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were both under the great pine tree which stood a few paces up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pine. needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a smile on his lips, and her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child. Leander Richardson in the Argonaut. 