WODONGA. The travelling correspondent of the- " Wangaratta Dispatch" writeB ; — ThiB township does not present: that lively appearance one might expect considering it is the terminus of the North-Eastern line. Albary does the lion's share of the lirisiheBs, and is likely to continue to eDjoy the monopoly unless an infusion of new blood is introduced here. With the vast back country of the Upper Murray, for which the old- township is the natural outlet, Wodonga should be one of the most popnlouB and prosperous towns in inland Victoria. It is felt here that what has tended in no small degree to retard the progress of the place is the abBeⅇ of press repre sentation. Wodonga is clean oat in the cold, and the leading men of the Vio- torian border towns sre- thinking seriously of offering sufficient inducement to some enterprising man of .capital, to start a local journal. Wodonga could, some seven years ago, boast .of a bi- weekly paper, whieh was only a credit to- such a small oommuuity, but to Victorian journalism. It was far in advance of the measure of support accorded it, and the consequence was that one of the best up- country journals in Victoria had to give up the ghost filr want 'of; sufficient means to carry it on. It ie thtrfore to be hoped that if ,-the letding; peopln of Wodonga are fortunate enough, to get a local journal to represent their interests, they will give it a much more liberal measure of support' than rhey accorded the wrl'-writieu " Murray and Hume Times," of which Mr T. G. Stewart was- the ablq editor. Having some experience in such mutters, 1 can- assure them, that to think of opposing the. two old- established Albary journals '; with; ft. capital of anything lesB than £3000, would simply mean another fdilnre, . and better abandon the idea of local- journal ism altogether than score a second defeat. But I iraal I am going a li" tie too fast, and that I may bear ere long of he amount stated being .furthcoming, and a newspaper worthy the importance of the terminal town and district got - fairly under weigh. There is stilt hope here that good re sults will come from the Dark River mines, and if this should be the case, Wodonga being the outlet, must beuefit by the enterprise. , The trade of the town is,, and always has been, dreadfully handicapped by the obnoxious tariff, and when .one sees customers come from long distances to do their shopping, pa-B over from Wo- doDga torAlbury, buy their good) ihere, and return, passing through the Victorian town without spending even the price of' a boot lace, it is no wonder ttie business people here are sad at heart; 