BE PORT ADELAIDE WORKING MEN'S STEVEDORE CO.'S MEETING, Mr. EDITOR—In your report of the first ordinary meeting of the Port Adelaide Working Men's Stevedore Company, you state that some misunderstandings had grown up in the minds of the shareholders, and that some suggestions were wisely orer-ruled. With due respect to you, Sir, I must confess that I cannot see how you can fairly attribute any mis understandings to the shareholders, or prove that their suggestions were wisely over-ridal; unless you consider it to be a viisun jerstanding for them to realize, and to evince an interest in their rights as shareholders, to take part in all discussions before the meeting, and to offer suggestions that would le a remedy to suppress any individual interests of the company. If you consider the evidence of such a desire in the minds of the share holders to be a misunderstanding, and that such suggestions were wisely over-ruled you deny to them the right to exercise those powers which were given to them in the Articles of Association. But that would be inconsistent with your well-known character, as you have often deplored, when advocating the cause of the Working Men, the want of interest which they manifest in themselves when conducting their own affairs. And you have time after time condemed their apathy. The suggestions which you say were wisely overruled were written, read, and handed to the Secretary to be put to the meeting by the Chairman. That gentleman, with much politeness and dignity, and with that wisdom with which the majority of chairmen are blessed (you will thoroughly under; stand this, Sir) declined to accept them, and ruled that they were out of order, although he had permitted discussion on the subjects. I enclose copies of those suggestions, for your perusal, and I trust that you will not continue to think that " some miimnderstandings had grown up in the minds of the shareholders," and that " thtir suggestions were wisely over- ruled !" Is it not desirable that suggestions, having me essence of fairness in them, should be confirmed by the unanimous voice of the meeting ? Would it give strength to the directors in their positions, or not? I believe that the shareholders have every confidence in the directors, individually and collectively : nothing was said to the contrary at the meeting. You are well aware, Sir, that the most honest men re not infallible. All that I, in conjunction with any shareholders ask, is, that we may be permitted to exercise judiciously those powers which are given to us, in the articles of Association, without unnecessary obstructions boing put in the way. - I thoroughly believe in the stability and ultimate success of the Company, and the realization of good dividends ; but we must not fall into those errors which we condemned in others when forming the Company. In conclusion, I trust that your prognostication, thai; the shareholders hang together and support honest directors, will not become a stubborn fact. I do not know a shareholder who has a tendency -to suicide, and I am sure, Sir, that a gentleman' of your sympathetic nature could not endure the =sight. I believe that in future, we shall get along agreeably, and be able to rejoice in having— A Eabbe " for a director, And a Mastar Builder too," A Colonel and a Captain, And a " Bower " to poll them through. I am, Sir, Yours obediently, Resolution re Foremen.—That the opinion of this meeting is:—"That having taken into consideration, the periodical depressed state of labor,, it is. -unwise and against the best interests of this company, that permanent non-laboring foremen be employed, and that gangers engaged at a daily remuneration -would be Sufficient, and more to the general interests -of this company." Moved and seconded.—Ruled out of order by the Chairman. Resolution re Time of Meeting.—That the opinion •of this meeting is: —"That as the majority of the shareholders are working men, it is inconvenient and impolitic to hold meetings at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and that all meetings subsequent to this be held at half-past seven in the evening, to enable all shareholders to attend." Moved and seconded.— Ruled out of order by the Chairman. Question—Is it allowable to enquire in the working -x>f the Company ? The Chairman—Yes. What are the salaries and duties of Messrs. Smith, {Bucks, Stubbs, Paqualin, and Vincent, and were there duties defined ? Ruled out of order by the Chairman. [Our correspondent is, we are sure, far too intelligent to suppose that we want anything more in endorsing the Chairman's action in over-ruling the •discussion than that it is usually undesirable to make entirely public some features in current and prospective trade when a sharp rivalry is in existence, and as usually such things are left to the directors. The "misunderstandings" seemed to us numerous, but very far from vital; that may have been due possibly to our view of a much mixed-up report. It must be distinctly understood that we do not want the shareholders hung; we do not know how many of them deserve hanging! We .are sorry our own reporter was unable to be present.—ED.] A little girl, aged five, on going to bed one night, and kneeling down to say her prayers, said: " Oh, mamma, may I only say amen to night? I am so tired." A gentleman met an uncertain acquaintance, who said, I am a little short, and should like to aak you a conundrum in mental arithmetic. " Proceed," replied the gentleman. "Well," said the short man," suppose youhad ten pounds in your pocket and I should ask you fcr five pounds how much would remain?" *• Ten pounds, was the prompt reply. A sample of flour recently milled in the Ballarat district- is stated by a local journal to have been literally alive with minute insect life, the insects being altogether unlike weevil or other known food parasites, the new torments having soft bodies and legs similar in number to the ordinary wood bug when seen under a microscope. Bakers and housewives should be careful in using flour, the presence of the insects being only discernible by their color, which gives to the flour a yellowish tinge. ASTRONOMERS appear [to entertain antipodal opinion in regard to some things. For instance, one says that if a comet should fall into the sun, it would, in all probability, produce such an outburst of heat as to destroy every living thing on the earth ; while another declares that it would have the same effect as a lighted match falling into a blast furnace. As it doesn't cost anything, the reader can believe either or both of hese assertions.—Norrislown Herald. A Castlemain^i'fruiterer only offers 3s. per cwt, for quinces delivered at his place of business.' In Australia the quince is little thought of but in America it is considered an aristocratic fruit, and superior to all others for preserve making. While the steamer Queenscliff was makingfast to the wharf at Footsclay (Vic.) a rope got fast round the le!g of a man who was standing alongside, and it was cut clean off below the knee, the {piece cut off falling into the water. The man •was taken to the hospital. On Sunday morning, George Newham, a married man, living at Tudor Valley, near Reidsdale (Braidwood district) jumped into a waterhole, declaring that he did so to purify himself from sin. The water was so cold that he was soon glad to get on land again. His wife procured the assistance of some neighbors who sat up. with the man all night. During that time he three times jumped into the fire, and got a •canister of gunpow'der to blow up the place. He was arrested and lodged in Braidwood gaol Troubles have arisen in Mexico on account of" the Stamp Act. The merchants of Mexico city have all closed their stores and shops, protesting against it* ' Cost of tSe New Guinea protectorate is estimated at £10,000 per annum. . One of the Town Councillors of Kapunda is an " officer " of the Salvation Army, Port Darwin cable all right again. Sixty thousand square miles of pastoral country forfeited for non-payment of rent. Mrs. Wm. Sparks, of Plattsburg, has been delivered of triplets—two boys and a girL Miss MAGGIE FORD, the well- known actress, has been in the Divorce Court, and is now no longer the wife of Mr. Bowen, the chemist She " carried on " with an actor named Burke. Agnes Wilson, married, aged 30, tried to commit suicide in Sydney by throwing herself under a train. Happily, she was rescued, as the train pulled ,up within a yard or so of her. She has been committed for trial. The London World says Mr. Redmond's gymnastic oratory has been taught him by the " bounding kangaroo " of Australia. His style is called by that lively journal " a mixture of the acrobat and the tragedian. In Gippsiaud the hop industry is attaining very large dimensions. No less than 3,397 bales were carried by rail this season from Sale to. Melbourne. Of these 3,097 came from Bairnsdale, Tambo, &c.;, and 282 came from Briagalong, Lake Wellington, &c.; Their value is estimated at £20,500. The Industrial Exhibition closses to-moirow (Saturday); if you have not been, go and see it before might. Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M., has decided in favor of the By-laws of the Semaphore Corporation in the case of the dairy-man charged on Monday , with allowing cattle to stray at Largs, and inflicted a fine of thirty shillings, and costs another thirty. Old residents say the new regime is stirring things up in that erstwhile " Sleepy Hollow." Ah, well; in these dull times they should be grateful to anybody who can make things lively." Cattle at Arthurton are as much addicted to straying as Semaphore quadrupeds, but, they add to it the propensity for playing ghost in the grave-yard of that pretty little township. So the residents deputating the Commissioner of Crown Lands re appointed trustees who might fence and generally care for the resting-place of the dead and gone Arthurtonians. Decorating bald heads is the latest freak of fashion across the Atlantic. At a recent New York party three bald gentleman appeared with elaborate pictures painted on "their bald scalps one choosing a copy of Messioner, another a battle piece, and a third a group of fish. The Chairman of the Destitute Board advocates a tax of a shilling a head per week upon all young men between the age of 17 and 25 to support that institution. This means an annual revenue of £33,000. A paragaph recently appeared in the Launces ton Examiner to the effect that since the recent earth tremor and subterraneous rumbling the height of the tide at Flinders Island, and the general contour of the bed of Banks's Straits are altered. Mr. Wilson, the engineer of ports and harbors, has recommended that as Flinders Island is under the jurisdicton of the Government of Tasmania, the colony should be asked to take steps to rectify the charts relating to Flinders Island, Banks's Strait, and Eddystone rocks. This suggestion has been acted upon. GOOD WORDS—FROM GOOD AUTHORITY.— * * * We confess that we are perfectly amazed at the run of 5our Hop Bitters. We never had anything like it and never heard of the like. The writer (Ben-' ton) has been selling drugs here nearly thirty years and has seen the rise of Hostetter's, Vinegar and all other bitters and patent medicines, but never did any of them, in their best days, begin to have the run that Hop Bitters have. * * We can't get enough of them. We are out of them half the time. * * Extract from letter to Hop Bitters Co., August 22, '78, from BENTON - , MYEES & Co., Wholesale druggists, Cleveland, O. Be sure „nd see.—ADVT. A SHAREHOLDEB. 