THE PICTURE. 2Y CHARLES BEADE. CHAPTER III. "What I took to be the champion's brains flew "horribly before 'he discharge; th) air wa3 all j Emoke, a heavy b.dy inshed between the Marquis i and me. and drove us apart, and the door of the ! condemned pas-age was alammed. M. De Groucy ! strode int tbe room ; 1 followed him. The smoke j began to clear. »nd all 'bings were visible as in a mist— patches of ha r ll ated.about, mowed by the bnllet iff th>' champion's skull. " Irene caned aga nstth- manlel-piece white as a ghost ; but only her tody crouched, and that not j much; her haughty head wai erect, and her eyes faced us sbiuing supernaturally. The Marquis, Btout as ho was, sank ia o a chair and trembled. " 'IIow did that man get in here ,' said he, hoarsely. " ' I let hiai in by tho condemned door,' said she, pale but ucil nchirg. 1 Cannot you see that I love him V " 'You love that canaille ?' groaned the Marquis. " 'I love that y nil j man, because he is a man. and has all the virtnes t'-at belong to his humble condition. He m-ns his bread, and I shall be proud to earn min- with him. But it is yon and this gentleman who i ave hastened things ; you were forcing end bu'rying me into a marriage without love. No misery, no degradation can equal that. Ihatis »'ny i called him to my aid. 1 placed myself under his protection.' " ' I will kill him,' --ti-i the Marquis to me, with deadly calmness. " Sbe came forward directly and folded her arms before him. ' Then von will kill my honour; for he is my lover : I.b-'ong to him.' 'At that audacious avowal the Marquis rose like a tower aDd l.ft- d his hand to fell her to the earth. Put he did not a'rike her. Better for her perhaps if he tad ; tor words can be more terrible than blows. Clucu yuu Ctiu fun uu ivi>cAf saiu uu, tu:«(Ajr your peasant, 'nd liv on bit duagbill with bim. | You are no chi-d - f ruins'. I baniih you, and I : disown yen, and may Cod's curse light on you and j him for ever 1' j Then for tho first time her proud head drooped i upon her hsr.d, ai d tl.at baud upon the mantel piece. 'You will forgive me one day,' she mur- murid, faintly. " ' Forgive you r' said he, with unutterable tcorn; 'I shall iorgc-t you. Yon are no more to me now then he diit 1 wa k on. Come, my eon, my only j child.' Ho took a y hand and drew mi away, i Be never looked t aek : but i cast one long miser able g'ance on hit w cm it was my misery to love and hate. Her whre wrist res ed on a high chair, her h-ad w-s bow d, ether feirlcss eyes did not turn f-om ns. She was beautiful as she stood theie half cowcu by a fath- r's curse ; as beautiful as she htd been in 1»> r scorn, in her ire, and in her bapp>y reients when her lips paried with that htp; y smile, and a ie: dor fire glowed in her dewy eyes." Whilst lhe narr-.toi p,aused, and we sit silent looking at lhe pietuie. Suzoti came burrieily in, with tears in her - yes, and told the cu:«i Catherine was very i ! 1 i.dee-', - n- i ue: ging to see him. He rcsp directly ai d a co.aiauied her. "You bau totter a!eep here," said my uncle ; "your bed is alw-ya n »"y, you kno.v." ' Wi h pie sure," -aid he. , As soon as the d- or had closeil on him I rcmaikcd, rather je i s'-ly, that I never kcew an inteicsting ston all ei to proceed without a whole system of int- rrup ion The elder- iru ed .t my impat'ence. M. De Pon atlais »ugges ed ta-t perhaps I felt those in terruptions more tha-- o'hers. My uncle said : " We must take good men as thoy are, and thank God for thtm. 1 have si own him fourteen years, yet never once t- n g'ect a Bick person for any personal gratification whatever." Then, 1 lememner, 1 wai half aahamed of my self, and raid 1 ve- -jrated the good cure and loved him de»rly, and ii he would stay with Catherina, wel' end good ; but ha would bs coming hack in a few m nutes, and it was this perpetual va-«t-vient ihat was breaking my heart and tho thrsad of the only beautiful story I had eTer heard told by word of mouth. "Calm yours- If, my yourg friend," said Mon- sienr De Pontarlais ; ' ray siory is nearly ended. " The Maiquis compelled me to leave him, after a while, and se-k ie,Or?. I could not find it ; I xaged with fury ; I s c kea-d with despair ; I loved snd I baled. This i» tho world's hell. "Tbe fi'st thing next morning Mademoiselle Donon csme to 'he Marquis and me, in tears, and told us Ehe had I eard all, but implored us not to believe one word nga.n u Irene's honour. She could only, until ttat f ta> nigiit, have spoken to the man at the vil age fete-, oi from the balcony of the parterre, forty feet above the ground. ' Poor inex perienced girl,' s .id sh---, ' ho w should she measure her words .' Sfce did j: ot know what slio was say- ing.' "The pupils of Hi.usseau have not much to letrn,' was tte grim reply. "The next minute Pierre came in and- told ub mademoiselle had left tho house with a bundle in her hand, and dressed like a peasant girl. I started up ; but the Marquis laid a hand of iron on me. ' Let her go,' said he. ' Let her taint a peasant's home ; she shall not diihonour mine. Her owd motor should not keep horifsho was alive and went oil her knees to me.' "This wis tto end. I stayed that miserab'o day, and then the M r-uissent me home. I told him I should till my father our tempers were irre concilable, his naught r's and mine. "'Whit! tell a lie about her V said the iron noble. 'Tell the truth, my son, and retain my love.' " Wall, that oiflieuity was solved for me. I reached home in a hi. h fever, and it soon settled on my br.in, nnd 1 w-.s insensible for weeks. " 1 recovered slow.y, ard it was many mcntfcs ere I could walk. Ah, fatal beauty i you nearly- killed two men, the blick guard you adored with all those que>n y air- of yours — a buliet grazed his skull and ploughed l is hair to the roots ; and all thrcugh you the g- - tl man you despiied lay at death's door many a day." Our friend th- curd i ame In as these words were spoken. Ho 1- oke-t v, ,y grave, and said he must ttay the night. Catherine was, he feared, a dying woman. She was asle- p just now; but a sleep of utter exhaustion. My uncle was mue'i concerned. He got up directly to go and see Lis faithful sorvant, and the story Wlb interrupted ava il, as I had foreseen, and tfce conveisatin . "uinc'l on poor Catherine and her liumllc vbnu-s till my uncle returned, looking very glum. Then Suzon came in bearing a huge silver howl, aud this was speedily filLd with wine, sugar, leim n, aud spices — a delicious and fragrant compound. It was ladled out i to our glasses, and under its influence I took couMg--, and implored tto Count to finish the story. He consented at once, but said it would have lit'lc interest for me now, since the prino pal figur.- had nis«pi eared, " I lay a long time toiween life and death, and even when f was out of danger my mind was con fused and troubled. However, by degrets I recovered a ci-rtain dogged calm of mind, and, indeed, since then I have observed in othervietims of the tender passion that a brain-fever from d's- appointed love either kills tbe body or cures tho heart. "My long and dangerous illness was followed by a period of bodily weakness, during which those about tue seemed leagued together to know nothing about the family of De Groucy. No doubt they had thiir orders. "At last, one day, being now stronger, I asked my father, with feigned composure, if he still cor- retponded with my deir friend the Marquis do Groucy. " ' Yes, my ton,' was his reply. He is in Hng- land. He has sold his property and emigrated. He came here on bis way, and wept over you ; but you did nit kro v him.' Tbis 'made my tears flow.. After a while I said, '.Father, she whom I loved ao dearly — oh, father, I can bear anythiug now-; tell mc. Her own parent has abandoned her, bnt perhaps she has come to her 3Cnaes, snd only needs a friend to save her from that wretch.' " ' Frederick,' said my father, firmly, 1 be a man; forget that woman. Shu is not worth a thought. 8he has chosen her dunghill; let her lie on it.' TheD, as I persisted in begging him to toll me something about her, he said, ' i wiil tell you this much ; you have no betrothed, my poor friend has no daughter, and liis noble race is extinct.' "After that I maintained a sort of sad and gloomy silence, and all those who really loved mc flattered themselves I had forgotten her ; but now, after eo many years, I own to yon, Monsieur Frede ric, that her boauty and her voice and the love I had given her hanr.ted me, and were an. obstacle to marriage, until celibacy became too fixed a hibit, Even now, in the deoliuo of life, my oi l heart thrilled at the sudden sight of her shadow thsre, the lifelike image of ono I loved too well." . TO BE CONTINUED. 