( ECHOES OF MELBOURNE f' ... ..;:,- ! [By The' GhOst.]. ?''''.. ,'L.'!;? Thero can bo littlo question n»w a3;fco\yhjioh is the victor.. .Tho frienda.of Mr. Servioa and Mr. Ben y have each olaimod in the pati that tueit Bide has nchieved a triumph. (1pne''set,'of politicians 'avdrrod that tho Promior has bb'en brought over to tho Liberal ranks, while another has strenuously maintained thnt Mr. ' Berr v has soon the error of his wavB. and become a ! convert to Constitutional dootrines. ? The Ohief Secretary has himself set the matter 'at rest. Ho never loaea an opportunity of, refer- ring to 'his ohiof,' and ostontatiously ' plays seoond fiddle whenever an ocoasion arises. £[is talk also is bo longer of 'broken heads and . houses in . flameB,' and iuatnad of those' .fiory' orations wheiewithl. tlie mombor for Geolong was wont to ceritlemnn has adopted tho suaviter in modo line, and roars as meekly us a sucking- tlovo, or displays the ' groat talent of Bilence,' tho while the 'ohief,' at the banquets at which he is oalled upon to 'orate,' indulges an mild plati tudes, which, quite devoid of 'sound and futyj' possess, novorthnless, the attribute of ' sigr^ify ng nothing.' Those who attended the Bb'sislo banquet, for instance, given' to oelebrate| tlie return of the member for Kiobmonchto Victoria, and who expeoted to gather Borne insight into Ministerial intorition«' from tho speeches 'of Messrs. Berry and Servibe, wera oertainly, sept empty away. The two gentlemen oarefUljy eoobewed politioivl matter' ivnd '-'e.vo^d a' few allusions to . the f qUOBtlon of fediratiou, during whioh they ' talKud at large,'. said nothing ivnent tbbir intmitiona ? when Pat liamont again meets after the long' reoess. It is therefore hardly a matter for surprise that the smaller Ministerial ' fry, , Messrs. Tucker,' Langridge, and Lovien, and suoh like lesser stars in the Cabinet galaxy, should copy thereticenoe of their suporiors, and decline, to take tho public into the confidence' of tlio Government until, as the Premier Dhrased it, 'the proper time arrives' — that proper. time being doubtless when the Parliamentary pulsa has been felt, and it has been ascertained with a tolerable degree of certainty whioh way the political bat is likely to jump. At the banquet given at Nhil on '.Wednesday to cqlebrute the 1 settlement of the Mallee country, the ' Ministers of Lands and Oustoms entertained their host's with the usual amount of ' ' airy nothings.' When . it is . borne in '. mind, however, that the locality in which the Minis terial deliverances were made rejoices in jbha name of Ifhil, and the oft quoted dictum is remembered, all surprise should ceane. Ex nihilo nihil fit. It only* requires the dropping ofian 'h'or so to make the proverb fit, and thjs to some' members of the present Ministry is apparently an easy task. . . ..-','- Messrs. Korferd and Gillios have returned from Now Zealand, and their foot is once raoxe on Victorian hoath. It is extraordinary, how little their absence was felt, and how well ' their departments managed to get on without them. In fact, there is no doubt that'Mr. Gillies's de parture 'rendered some of the reforms of the now Railway OoinmiBsloners' more, easy of ac oomplishment than if he had been at the Spencer-Btreet- office, where his Ministerial tomouryr'opre'niight have Tuti the risk^of being hurt by the rescinding of some of the Billy rules frajaed. during Mb regime. . .: ' ? '? Lieutenant. Oolonol Sargood has been in some what too great a hurry to be on with the new love of a militia, before he was off with the old. one of the Volunteers; Of the. 300Q,.,inen, required to complete the fiefenoe Forde, uuewfr 700 have come forward to tender their servioqtf. He hAs a complete set of officers, but whore are the men that were to floclcso1 eagerly to enlist ' tinder the banner raised ; bj-thot Minister of Pofence? The old force is disbanded, and has not been replaced by the 'aitizen army' the gallant soft goods-man boned to create by a wave of his in agio yard stick. And the project having hung tire for so long is hardly likely to go off successfully now. Evidently- the re organisation of the -Volunteer force' was began at the wrong end. Instead .of '.taking experi enced - Imperial officers, into his. counsel, he out and. . dried a scheme of his own, end then, obtained a staff from the regular army'to parry out his crude idoag. The result has proved a fiasco. The now plan is alike distasteful to the old force and to the new recruits it is proposed to enlist. Does hot, all . this go to prove the wisdom of the old saw anent the cobbler and his last? j And in. a sort of way Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood is acting up to the adage. He is devoting himself to devising a new uniform for the militia— when it is formed. In the old Volunteer foroe, there ware red, grey, and green battalions ? of infantry. The Defenoe Minister is desirous of adding a brown one. He has ordered a supply of the cloth used by the British troops an ' a fighting dress.' Any enemy, therefore, contemplating an attaok on Victoria is warned, that as far as the millinery, department is con cerned, -wo are fully prepared. Two great ad vantages may be claimed for the proposed new dress. It will fassuredly .frighten n. foe by its uglmess— and it doesnt snow dirt or beer stains. ( . _. ? ??'.. . .:,; And writing of our Victorian defences, one Is reminded that the. heads of our naval and military forces have , been on a oralse in what is literally a mud-barge. The 'Fawkjor,'; which in naval variance ncta as a tender to the dredge ' Crocodile,' underwent her trial trip; on Saturday. Of course there was the asail popping of ohampagno corks and speechifying, without which nothing can be begun, continued, or ended in Victoria. . The vessel or craft, or; whatever she may be termed, is to be ' utilised' in case of attaok by an enemy. She is in time of war to carry a gun. - It has nut however, been officially announced what sort of' missile she is to use. Perhaps, being a mud-barge, it is intended she should i discharge mud at the foe. ' Mnd slinging,' as Mr. Bent once elegantly, said! in Parliament, was a moBt effootive mode of warfare. Perhaps our naval authorities intend i to avail themselves of the experienoeof the' honourable member for Brighton. - That gentle-, man has in his timo played many parts, and woald doubtless be ready, at duty's oall, to. assume oommand .of; 'the hopper barge' Fawkner.' ??;_' The detective polioe have, after a lpng. pnpi3 suit, during which the object of their BearoH' appears to have been seen over and over agaux;'t by everyone except those speolalljr commis- ; ' sioned to effect his arrest, captured an escaped lunatic, whom ? they suspeot1 committed1 the mysterious murder of Mr. Beaoh, at Pettavol. The man, who is lenown' as. ?' Caption porlpvan;11 ; . and has a- number ' of .fUiiises'^ gave the' - warders at: the: Varra ;' Be'nd^ ^Asylukn- , the slip in' July3 last; alnd bis ihexefbtejbeen ac'; large for eight, months, a faot,|whiph^ by thai' wsy/Ja'jrs ?ery 'little l;f or theyi^wtehe's|(.'iK-;t§3.f ViotpHan'f6rde,'A't present therBiinQeiridenCd1 ' fe donneot thelaobugod ?with'tKd^orinie;-eXi6w1 tinfftinefiiptthathe was aeon at tho funoral of tneviatim, a eixoouatongo that of itself i# enough to throw considerable, doubt on his \- . gjiaat^is^^-^s':''.-.-* -- ? *''??; ? ?????'-? . Thp;r6*pbbJC.bfthl/iL5Haoi3LCBartorea Bonk at HorshaiDi of .vfhom it was statad thero woi|o , five all anxious1 to turn Quoen 8 . ovidonoo, are {'%lI'atiUatlatgo;.''''.Tho'Btatomeht.'that one of ? 'thbthioV'es intended tb..betra'y7 his aa'sobiatoq, ? '.;' indiiBtriotisly' 'oiijoulatod, .by,' tho poliop,, ih 'order to' brine about the rpsnlt thoy wishbc|, ';has hot' produood .tho. dosirod offoot. .,' Tho ' :gpntlqnidii' who ,p6aBda'E|od thomBolyos o£,thb ?''.tank's' note's'1 and coin; aro evidently, of .j;thj- ''breed 'of dishpnost birds,. 'too old tpbe,paughf; '; with ohaff' of tho kind usod by tho ' oloverV ' dotootivo force, ' '.' .','.''. '-!??? I ''? The'newB of 'the' doa^h of the, poet R.'Hi ^Horne, in London, .recalls the days when th? ?l;;author of 'Orion' was; n donizon of iVictorial 'jTo'moktpepple.however, ho;will bo better, «!? ' memborod'.as tho'pprpitrator of n hoai,r.,known '»a ' Jh'e OrboniporrbflpdndohoB,' in' whioh.Sir 0 Charles 'HpthAm's . f ragality^ in the matter of 'jGoyej'nniont 'Houbo entertainments was .', most ./. 0bleyerly,8atirised. ' ThejIJ.oat of '. tho, jpko w»s| \\. ! that' tho Governor, for'a.'time,. tbok^.'the niatcpr ''qalte'.iiu serieuic, aud.aotually' issued . ahiJ order —it iros before .tho days of rosp'onsjl- Je,JgoYqrrij ,'.'ment'-pth'at 'Mr.'Cr'opnty.lthg.obptr.pojMr, fwhd had '.vanturoil'' to. speak ana'wriiq.Uiorej'peot ''fitlly.',' of , thd Qub'dn's '' r.epresentRtly|o, ' in ; ihd ''Moniina Herald, should in future Ibo 'debarred f rpm ? oontr a'oting' ' f or; tfce ofpyerrimeiit'of Vio-j ? tonal!'1 ' The alleged diare'snoot ' was' otiallonginj! '.the quality of the i '^colonial beer '; sbryod'.'out to; . Hhe guests,,, a^d.pl^pine hia handjbh the apofj where pain' followo1 on. tho imbibition of soud ?7malt-liquo?.'/fy''ai- '..'?.. ,'-. :,.;;' ',...,, '?'?'.- I '' W,ittijfche full oerempnial befittingjthb occasion,! ;Sir wmiam Olafite'J'ba3 been installed aa the! 'Grand if aster of the 'Maspnio craft 'iii ViotbriaJ 'under the English,. iSiptgh, and ,Iri8h Oo'natitu ?'tfoiiffi aSKceV1' ttas'Jd-ay 'tho 'late „ Ctiarlerf DJardine l-6n, ' erst ' while 'niem^er for polling. | ?wood, in, tho Ijegialaiiv.b' As'aembiy?i headed. a' ( deputation of stonemasons,,. jtoV proffer some ^requeat't'othe ':Govern&en1t; btthqvday, auohia 'gathering of trowel-bearing profession has not cbeen witnessed. Eleven hundred masons, all' ?lh'everiing costume, seated at the banquet held :in'thb Alelbourne Town Hall, iat. a sight whiohi 'leaVca i the celebrated,'' four and twenty' blaok 'birds all in a row'1 a long 'way ^in ;the.,rear,| °althoush the craft were of the. !' spepulative': rand'n6t of tho 'operative' order.,. V . . .; '? ' Nothing dauntpd by her financial difficulties,! f Bliss' Etnolie Melville ha8.B'tart'ed 'at th'aBjipu.j i' wh'ero there is !to boa presentation of, ,EngliBh| and' bnuffe, opera. 'The Bohemian Girl'1 and! ''Pfttinitza,' 'have already .'been® given to 'appreciative audiences.'1 At the .Opera House} 'Jeriny'IJee is 'still perforqring t to good houses, i 'and no' change in, programme 'is yet announced.! 'The Comedy of.B.rwrs',' ,at the RpyAl,'has' 'given place to Oxen'fordr^ drama. 'The Two: 'Orphans,' while at thePrinodss Miss.Gen'evieyo! pWard in ' Fortge&ine-not;' still continues .to. 'draw.'. The. ', yiotorian Exhibition! of 'wine; fruit, and grain is daily increasing in! 'poWulirity,1 and is browded every evening with; 'faBliibhable' loungers. ' , , „' '.'.'?'., 7i »iarcb'23.i:. ?;,:':,; ' 'y , ...':;.„? v. '.:,:, ,..*.?. . 