. filMsceHaneous. Ornndmotlicr Cray. By Mrs. M. L. Uayne. I tuink Tommy Gray fully appreciated _ the fact that hiB bread wns buttered on both sides for Iwhen ho got into a street riot with Charlie Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's father and get him an 'all-fired liokin',' Master Tommy just ran off saying : ' Dassn't I l'vo got a grandmother tow homo.' Tommy's grandmother was the kind of a woman wno is au nro nnunama in juum uuu all ashes-of-roso in old ago. Sho had been a beauty once, but thero was nothing to show for it but ' tho tender grace of a day that waa dead.' Wriuklt3 had taken the placo of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out, her cheeks were shrivelled, and' as for teeth sho had only two in hor head. ' But, thank the Lord, they are opposito t'eaoh other,' said Grandmother Gray. Sho had a lap for tho ohildren, too — most grandmothers don't havo any lap— and she aung them to sleep every night. 1'ommy had made her promise in an unguarded moment that she would rook him to sleep until ho was 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, but she reposed his overgrown feet and limbs on a oliair and fondled the curly head till ho had jnat,' awakeness' left, after his grand matin vespers, to enablo him to steer straight to bed. The songs she sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowful. They were either of the ' ti rooral-to-loo' order, or liko ' Hark, froni the tombs a doleful sound.' What Tommy liked most waa the Scotch ministrelsy. Ho nover. tired of ' Over tho water and over tho leo, And over the water to Oharloy. ? ? ? - ; Oh, Charley loves good ale nnd wino ' ? And Charley loves good brandy, And Charley loves to kiss the girls - ! _ Aa sweet as sugar candy.' « ? -V''/ Tommy thought there waa an Educational difference between him and Charley, but he mado no comment for fear of being deprived ot the music. On Sundays Bhe sang : ' I'm wearin' awa, Jean, . . , Liko snaw wreath in thnw, Jean, I'm wearin' awa To the land o' tho leal.' . y 'An' what is ' tha leal,' grandmother?'; Tommy would nsk. And the aged woman would fix hor sad, tired, patient eyea on the blue beyond and mako answer in her low, quavering voice : ' It'a ayo to bo true, ma boy, true to your king, truo to your God, and ower truo to yourael'.' The old lady had somo quaint ways. Ono of these was always to attend the grandest church in the parish, where a celebrated divine preached in the modern vernacular of amended theology. ' Why do you go to hear so diffioult a preacher ? someone asked the old lady. ' Do you understand him 1 ' 'Nn,' aho answered, ' I dinnn hear a word that ho aays.' 'Then what pleasure can you 'get out of his sermons.' . 'Child I' answered tho old lady re verently, ' can't I see tho holy ,wag. of hia head?' . . . ... ' Is there a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, grnndmothor ? ' th'at graceless Tommy would ask. . ' Aye, child.' ' And doea anybody find it? ' 'Aye, many. And they go far first. It's not in the flesh you'll find what liea hid at the end of the rainbow.' Sho could tell time by the flowers and tho aun. She had seen a ghost. She could find Job's coffin in the sky. She had a charm for bruises and cuts. It was like entertaining an angel unawares to have this dear old lady with them, for, under hor littlo superstitions, lay a grand soul. Ono day she counted her yeara and said — ' I'm getting old.' ' Nonsense, mother,' thoy laughed at her. ' You are only a girl of 80.' ' I remember whon I waa 18, and had roaes on my cheeks,' she said. ' I wonder when they will ever bo there again.' One night the ohildren wont into her room to be rooked. Sho sat in the twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away, lirst kia6ing them all around. Shokiaaed Tommy twice ; he looked liko hia grandfather whoso likeness she had worn in a breaatpin for forty years. ' I'm expoctin' company,' she said to them. ' Gang your waya, and God's bloaaing go with ve.' It waa Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for comfort. Sho still sat in tho window. At least her figure waa there, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with her company. 