AMBSiMSMfg. About Yachts an -i Yachting. By Selyagee. If the word 'yacht' is derived 'from the Dutch lan guage, the practice of yachting is certainly derived from that Norse love of Bait water which clings- to a majority of the Queen's subjects wherever they happen to be. Whether in the old country the keenest yachtsmen are to be looked for on the English, Scotch, or Irish coast has often been the subject of much lively disputation, but in these colonics there can be little doubt that New South Wales was meant to be the nursery for colonial jachtsmen, for where will you find a depot for yachts like Port Jackson, and what Austra lian capital city cui rival Sydney in all kinds of yachting facilities and felicities ? For the big yacht there are Broken Bay, Newcastle, Port Stephens, within easy reach to the nnt4liiDA«^ « anil fimittiixrniri Amu am RntAnv And JArvifl Bays, all good harbours for a short cruise, tw' d some of them well worth a long exploration. For the small yacht there ana innumerable boat harbours and safe anchorages all along the coast north and south of Sydney^ Victoria has no such advantage, neither has Tasmania, or New Zealand, or Queensland. And yet it has always appeared to me that we make but souit use of our opportunities of enjoying the yachtsmen's ; true pleasure, which is Cruising. Yacht-racin? in various forms and degrees seems to occnpyour yachting Men1® affections to the exclusion of the infinitely more real pleasures of the cruise— juBt as much now as it has done for the past 30 ytars. Who can turn out the smartest 10 or- 5 tonner is the problem at all the building yards. Who can secure the happiness of owning her is the problem of the i yachting doctorand the yachting lawyer. The consequence ! is that our little ' ships,' however meritorious they may be as triumphs of smooth water architecture, inspire their owners with very little confidence for a week's cruise in real salt water, and as a rule the 24-foot open boat (that paradise of the harbour larrikin) ventures as far away from home as the 10 or 16 tonner. Now and then an exception comes, and a 5-tonner performs the memorable feat of sailing down the coast and through the Straits asfar as Melbourne and back., I do not advocate the repetition of gush an enterprise as that, not even with ' owners onboard.' There is plenty of good cruising ground wtihin a hundred miles, or leagues, If you like, of Port Jackson, withontsending our little 'keels' on the long and dang6rous errand of a Voyage to Hobson's Bay. to encounter such a long stretch of harbourless coast as Ninety Mile Beach, end run the chance of being smothered by a south-west gale when hove-to with ho port to leeward and 18 inches of free board to present to a breaking s- a. I am perfectly well aware , that many of the racing machines which pass in the category of yachts would be very dangerous toys on a salt water cruise, and besides being dangerous wonld be as wet in beating to windward against an ordinary north- easter outside as an 18-foot centreboard skiff is inside the Heads. Moreover, many yachts have no pleasure-going spare, and would commence carrying away their sticks directly they got into lumpy water ; others draw too much water to allow them to get into, the boat harbours and enudl havens which dot the coast, and where the fishing-boat caught by bad weather finds moorings as safe as if she were in Woolloomooloo Bay, aaft in respect of larcenous operations much safer. Some 14 years ago I well remember being present in j Watson's Bay at a rendezvous of the Royals ' one Satur ? day, or perhaps it may have been a Friday night. There was a' cruise to Broken Bar on the programme, snd'about nine ? yachts mustered ana droppied anchor in Ae bay. During the evening a southerly wind set in, with a rather heavy eea, and a well-ktown fisherman (he is now in her Majesty's Ser vice) was despatched to the Gap to rrport as to the state of the sea outside. He came back and reported to the Commc- - dore that it would not be safe for 'decked'* yachts to venture outside, but that open boats or fishing-boa's might, if well manned, manage it. The irony of this report was very mordant to the owners of the decked .vessels, but they wisely determined to follow the fisherman's advice, and altered the trip from Broken Bay to Middle Harbour. I was then the owner of a 20-foot fishing boat, and after hearing my friend's curious comparison of the sea-going capabilities of an open boat and a decked yacht, I deter mined just to peep outBide and have a look at it. We went outside and had a look at it, meaning by 'we' the owner of the boat and his faithful hund ''Sam,' who wsb in those years a pocket Hercules of about 19 years, who could work jib and mainsheete single handed in almost any weather, but whose , subsequent history was much it Silenced br Ghosts and Matrimony. Having got outside just far enough to ' look at it,' we 'were overtaken off North Head by a very good specimen of the ' clear blow ' which at times makes things lively for coasters and fishermen, and elected to go, on pretty much on the principle of Mr. HobEon. So we went on, and had a most tumultuous and moiBt trip to Barrenjoey, where we brought upend went ashore to wring out jerseys and have a bite at something. Being only ecautily provieioned with a breaker of water, some biscuit, and a jnnk of corned beef, it became necessary for ub to ' leather ' home next day, which we did after a terrible fatiguing beat to windward of about six hours. Arriving at our port we found that the wiser ' fiovalfl' had had a most satisfactory time of it in Middle Harbour. Our time, on the contrary, was throughout a ' baling time.' It was a case of double- reefed mainBail and email jib, with perpetual ea sings up of sheets, and applications of the soup and bouilli pot, which did duty as baler. The experience I gained by that lather eccentric trip to Broken Bav simply amounted to this, that a well-found end handled fishing- boat may inspire her foolish owner with the belief that decks are a work of supererogation. I have suffered many experiences in open- boat cruising Bince that rendezvous of the Royals in Watson's Bay, and the result of them is to confirm my belief in decked as against un decked vessels, notwithstanding the prefererce of the Com modore's referee for open boats in a gale of wind. A year or so after that Broken Bay trip it fell to my lot to be compelled to beat up from Jervis Bay to Wollongong in one of the finest 24-footers which have ever been launched by a Sydney boatbuilder. 1 shall never think of Shoalhaven bight since that beat to windward without feelings of the greatest respect for the rough-and-tumble sea which a heavy north easter brings up all the way from ' Abraham's bosom' to the Five Islands, and especially in the southern end -of tha bight. We were a crew of five, and the boat was the fameus old Sea Breeze, but none of us had any skins worth speaking of on our faces three days afterwards. Yes, it was a gay time no doubt, but all that crew are now some years older than (hen, and they take different views of 'things. At all events|I do. And my experiences of open-boat ocean cruising are about 25 years old. I go for decks now, what ever 1 went for in bygone years, when half the pleasure of existence was made, up l-y the dangers which could bs crowded into it. In those days I, in common with many other open-boat enthusiasts, considered that the only cruiser was the open boat. ' 1 have not lost faith in it because I am en older and a less venturesome man than then. But it has become clear to me that cruising onthis coast of oursjean be better done in dcoked yachts than in open boats, or~even in hal^ decked* vessels without good substantial hatches. The owners of the racing machines may still in fine weather prosecute amateur seamanship in the recesses of Midd'e Harbour, or may even venture as far as the mouth of Cowan Creek after bespeaking a pleasant south-easter for the up trip, and for the down trip a pleasant north-easter. I, for one, am not going to reproach them for their want of pluck. They may be wise enough in their generations. But why is it that Broken Bay is still the Cockney retreat of Easter holiday yachtsmen, as it was 20 years ago ? Why does not some yacht startle aquatic circles by taking a trip to Jervis Bay or Port Stephens '( Take nay word for it, there is plenty of good fishing and shooting (in the season of cburee) at Iwth those places ; and there is sure to be plenty of wholesome excitement in getting there and hack : ana, I* verily believe, no real danger. Probably the professional who has charge of your 10-tonner will put all kinds of objections in your way, if you tell him te get her ready for a cruise along the coast further than Broken B»y, because the professional idea of a- cruise is bounded on the north by Mount Elliot,., on the south by Kumel, ' and on the east by cannon range from the cliffs. If he has been a fbherman he may know all the harbours of refuge within open boat sail of Sydney, or if he has been skirper of a coaster he may know tbe coast as well as the oldest poipoise on the beat, but a lively yacht kicking about in a seaway tor thre9 or four days at a Btretch is a thing- which does not captivate hia . imaginatidh. Of course the only way to take such ' malingerers ' as these is to tell them that you mean to go, and that if they don't like the trip it is open to them to clear out. I don't quppose that Anything I can say of the honest pleasure, not unmixed with hard work, which cruising affords a genuine yachtsman will have tnuch effect on -the owners of those junks of lead bolted to a superstructure of wood which are now becoming so common. Let thc-m career up and down tne harbour on regatta days and 8atnrday afternoons, and let their owners continue to extract a sort of Cockheyfied enjoyment out of the operation. But any man who owns a .yacht sound in hull and well found in spars and gear, although she may never have won a cup or a trophy for him, may yet win with her many a prize of far greater value than any specimen of the silversmith's art. The prize may be accompanied by. a sunburnt face, end blistered hands not slightly redolent of Stockholm tar, but it is one worth taking a week's cruise for. .J)ut before you Venture to take my advice, and cast off the raoorings of yoi r littleship for &' sniff bfoldocean, carefullyinspect'all your gear. Do not leave that to any ' hand,' however experi enced, but do it reb'giouBlyy onrself , or if you doubt your own capacity get some VaDder Decken; among your fiietds to overhaul your craft and her equipment; And first of all commence operations by buying and carefully studying the two Admiralty charts showing the cout line, harbours, and soundings, iiorth and south of Port Jackson, for about 100 miles. To be quite on the.«&Te; side you ou^ht to hfeye all the chartejof the coast in your chart-case from Twofold Bay to. the Tweed, for it is always within the bounds ot possibility that you may want them. With the chaiis you should have the latest edition of ' Wellbank*8 Coasters' Guide.' As you are going for your first bruise to. Port Stephens, you will make yourself familiar with bII tha ports, boatharbours, headlands, and dangers between Port Jackson 4and the Broughton Islands.. If^tosible, you should have among your crew (who should muster at least four, so as to allow of two watches) a m*n with good local knowledge. A steady did coastei or fisherman is the beat auxiliary you can ship for that purpose. Yon probably know the coast as for as Bairenjuey well enough to do without any tutoring, so.it will be the stretch of coast be tween Cape Three Points and .the Broughton Islands, or per haps the Seal Rocks, which you require to get familiar with on paper. This done, see that your side-ridu£ end flash light appliances at« all clean and in good working order, and that you have a good stock of oil, wicka, and cotton-waste aboard. Never travel in a yacht without having vour tamps in good order, like the wise Virgins of Scripture The next thing which demands your attention will be the ground tackle and warp. Never go to sea without two good anchors, suitable to the. size of your yacht For a 10 tonner, one 401b. and one 801b. anchor (long shanks -and wide sharp palms are the attributes of a good yacht anchor) will suffice, and about 40 fathoms of good .galvanised chain in the chain locker. A 50- fathom 4-moh coir warp is in dispensable to your ontfit, which Bhould have been tall worked beforehand, to make it soft and tractable. A stiff new warp is an abomination; indeed, all hew rope is; hut worst of all is one of coir. Neva take your rope in the ooil if you can avoid it A light land lead and it possible a deep sea lead line properly marked are part of your sea going f umitnre. A miscellaneous stock of odds and ends, such as tallow, twine, tar, some oakum, marline, a needle and palm, &c.;, will be part of yonr chip chandlery stores; but these jou ought to be able to leave to your captain, Xor they ought .always to be on board. Your compasses, barometer (an aneroid is the handiest), field g Jaw, and teleecope will, of coursa, engage your own personal atten tions; likewise your little stock of medicines. Do not load your little ship with stimulants, as II you were starting business in the public line, bat take just sufficient for a crew oE moderate abstainers. Ton will relish a glass of 'Foster1' at your midday tiffin just as much off Bird Island as at Compagnoni's, and a thimbleful of good old whisky is not a wickedness during the middle watch, thoagh repeated doses of it will be ' distilled damnation' then as at other times. Do not move without a stock of 40 or 60 gallons of fresh water in breakers or tanks, a cooking stove such as you can rely ok, . or at all events something equal to the business of boiling water in hatd weather, and see that you have a sufficient . s'.ctfk of good dry fuel. And remember, it yon want to be comfortable during your cruise, arrange beforehand that bvcry thing shall be kept ia its own place. Nothing is mere likely to derange your serenity, snd sometimes to cause you Berious trouble, than to keep the marmalade in the same locker as the marline, and to find the kerosene oil stowed away cheek by jowl with the butter. Always have one achor ready stocked, forelocked, and shackled on deck, if you can manage .to carry it there, readv to let go. You never will know until you experience it, what a trial to the temper it is to have to rouse out the anchor and chain and stock it in a hurry when everything ought to be ready to let go. Do not be without a small tool -chest, ia which there oaght Jo be a good , spanner, or screw-wrench, a saw, an axe or two, a metal file, a cold chicel, and a few other use ful implements. Be sure that your pump is in good work ing order and sucks well. Ana have at least . four or five 1 htcdy galvanised iron buckets on board, also a few blue* j lights. Kemember that a great deal of your hap piness will depend on your gear being in good order and working as it ought to work. Therefore, if your bowsprit reefs on a rack, see that the rack- motion is all right; if it reefs on a roller, see that everything runs smoothly ; look to the shackle of your bob stay. It is one of the most important things in the whole catalogue of your cares. See also to your foreh&tch; ; that is to say, take care that it can be easily made fast, in case it does not work on a slide. Many years ago I was one of a crew of six who were nearly drowned in a _15-tonner off Hastings because a sea came on board and carried away ihe forehatch, and a few toppers following we toon had a couple of tons more water inside than we wanted. Always find room for a couple of life-buoys, a good lump of a f* nder, and apiir of sweeps, which should work in gocd long crutches, one just before the port rigging, the other on tbe starboard quarter. Sweeps are a good substitute for a dinghee when yon are flapping abont helplessly ia a dead calm, with a two-knot current carrying you towards some headland or reef . But now that canvas dingheee can be made so cheaply and stowed away so easily, I would advise the cruising yachtsman not to be without one. Toucan always \- hire a boat at Fort Stephens for fishing or shooting pur . poses, but, of course, if yon prefer to use your own skiff, itis . easily managed by sending her on beforehand is one of the large ketches which trade to the Myall Hiver, and arranging for her to be dropped at Nelson Bay and . left in charge of any of the fishermen there— William Hollis, for example. If you send on your boat, as I would advise every one to do who wants to he independent and do things his own way, have a roller fitted on the tack, so tbat you may be able to shoot a small seine or meshing net off her. It is an ineffable comfort to be buto of your fcreakfsst of bream or whiting whenever you are lying at anchor in any of the splendid . bays with which Fort Stephens abounds. As to your fishing and shooting gear, I leave all those matter to yonrown judg ement, merely observing that a good sharp harpoon and line and a lance like the instrument used by whalers are part of your fishing outfit. In the mutter of provisions, do not forget to fill up your harness casks with corned beef and ox- tongues, and take a side of good Merimbula bacon with yon. Potatoes and onions (mirabi/e dictu) are part of your equipment, for the country about Port Stephens ia not to be : depended on for vegetables. Bread (which to yachtsmen of course means ship biscuit) most be carried; tea, sugar, and flour yon can buy there. Bat, after all, the catering business is pretty much one for yourself. Tastes differ so much in the matter of 'provedoring a cruise' that it is impossible to lav down any rules. Yon are sure, like all voyagers and travellers, to forget something or ether at the last moment, but don' t let it be your suit of oilskins and pea ' jacket. In the matter of Fails, remember that your life and the lives of your companions and crew may depend on them and their running gear. Don't move from your moorings without a good. trysail neatly -furled on its gaff, with sheets ready bent, and stowed away snugly in the forepeak. A handy squaresail aad a storm jib, the latter especially, are indispensable. Pay all your reefing gear a little attention before getting underway, for example, the tackles of your bobstay ana bowsprit shrouds, for of course yoa will not think of going to sea with those lubberly rods of copper or wire shrouds, stiff and inflexible as ban of lion, which some of the racing machined affect. And see that your veeFpenants are rove, . and your ' handy billy ' really at hand. Now, I think if you have acted on all these bin's- of course H you are an old Shellback yon won't want them— your little craft will -? be ready for the first fair wind; or if a southerly or south easter cannot be bespoken for the trip, just harden your heart and take wfiatoomep. Yoa can beat up to Broken Bay, and bring up in the basin in four or five hours against even a 'dead muzzier;' lie there sung all night, and pop oat on your course northward at daylight next morning. I have seen you aboard, and your little vessel looks as if Ehe was fit to be tiu*ted with an archbishop. So, good-bye ' for the present. Perhapsnext week 1 may give yon some ^extracts from the log of the P. A. Y. 8. Bandicoot, a seven . . . tonner (one of poor Bill Langford's last cruisers),, which made a very pleasant passage last year to the very port which I have exhorted you to visit in your more powerful . and roomy clipper. - 