TALES AND SKETCHES. JUDITH SHAKSPEARE : BIER LOVE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES. By WILLIAM BLACIC, Author of " Macleod ov Dark," " Sfiandon Bells," " In Silk Attire," &c.;, &c.; Chatter VI, — Within Doons. When in the afternoon Judith sought out her gentle gossip, and with much cautious tact and discretion begau to unfold her per plexitles to her, Prudenco was not only glad enough to hear nothing further of the wizard «— wno seeinea to nave ueen uriven ouc of Judith's mind altogether by tho actual occurrences of tho morning — hut also she became possessed with a Bccret wonder and joy ; for aim thought that at last her dearest and closest friend was awakening to a sense of the importance of spiritual things, and that henceforth there would be a bond of confi; deuce betweon them far moro truo and abid ing than any that had been before, But soon she discovered that politics had a good deal to do with these hesitating inquiries ; aud at length tho bewildered Prudence found the conversation narrowiug and narrowing itself to this definite question : Whether, supposing there were a youug inan charged with com plicity in a Catholic plot, or perhaps having been compromised iu souio former affair of tho kind, and supposing him to appeal to her father, would he, Judith's father, probably bo Inclined to shelter him and conceal him, ntul give him what aid was possible until bo might get away from tho country ? "But what do you moan, Judith?" said Prudence, in dismay. "Iiavo you seen any one ? What Is't you mean ? Havo you scon ono of tho deaper&te; mon that were concerned with Catesby ?" Indeed, it was not likely that oithcr of these two Warwickshire maidens bad ulrcady for gotten tho terrible tidings that rang through tho land but a few years boforo, when the Gunpowdor Treason was discovered ; nor how tho conspirators flod into this very county ; nor yet how in tho following January, on a bitterly cold and snowy day, thcro was brought Into tho towu tho news of tho executions in St. Paul's churchyard and at Westminster. And, in truth, when Prudcr.oo Shawe men tioned Catcsby's narao Judith's check turned pale. It was but for nn instant. She banished the ungenerous thought tho momout that it Published by special arrangements with tbe author. All rights rceervod, . I occurred to hor. No, sho was sure that the unhappy young man who had appealed to hor compassion could not havo been concerned in any such bloody enterprise. His speech was too gentle for that, Had ho not declared that he only wanted time to prove his inno- cenco? It is true, ho had said something about his friends in Flanders, and often enough had she heard the Puritan divines denouncing Flanders as the very hot bed of tho machinations of tho Jesuits ; but that this young man might have friends amongst the Jesuits did not appear to her as being in itself a criminal thing, any more thau tho possibility of liis being a Catholic was sufficient of itself to deprive him of her frank and generous sympathy. "I may not answer you yea nor nav, sweet mouse," said she ; " but assure yourself that I am not in league with any desperate villain. I but put a ease. Wo live in quiet times now, do we not, good Prue? and I take it that those who like not tho country arc free to leave it. But tell mo, if my father were to speak openly, which of the parties would he most affect? And how stands ho with the King? Nay, tho King himself, of what religion is he nt heart, think you ?" " These bo questions !" said Prudence, staring aghast at such ignorance, "I but uio my ear.-," said Judith, indif ferently, "and the winds are not more variable than tho opinions that ono listens to. Well you know it, Prue. Here is oac that says the King is in conscience a Papist, as his mother was ; and tlmt ho gnvo' a guarantee to the Catholic gentry ere ho came to the throne; and that soon or Into wo shall have mass again ; and thai comes another with the story that the Pope is hot and angry because the King misuscth him in his speech, calling him Anti- Christ and the like; aud that he has complained to tho French King on the matter, and that there is even talk of excommunication. What can one believe ? How is one to know ? Indeed, good mouse, you would havo me more anxious about such things, but why should one add to one's difficulties? 1 era contcut to be like my father, and stand nsido from the quarrel." "Your wit is too great for me, dear Judith," her friend said, rather sadly; "and I will not argue with you. But well I know there may be a calmness that is of ignorance and inditlcrence, and that is slothful and sinful ; and there may be a calmness that is of assured wisdom aud knowledge of the trutb, and that I trust j'our father has attained to. That he should keep aside from disputes, I cau well understand," " But touching the King, dear cousiu," said Judith, who had her own ends in view. "How stands ray father with tho King and his religion? Nay, but I know, and cvtryone knows, that in all other matters they are friends ; for your brother liaa the King's letter—" "Tlmt I wish yon had yourself, Judith, since your heart is set upon it," said her com panion, gently. Judith did not answer that. "But as regards religion, sweet Prue, what think you my father would most favor, were there a movement any way ?— a chauge to tho ancient faith, pcrchaucc ?" She throw out tho question with a kind of studied carelessness, as if it were a more matter of speculation ; but there was a touch of warmth in Prudence's auswer : " What, then, Judith ? You think he would disturb the pcnco of the land, and give U3 over again to tho priests and their idol worship? I trow not." Then something seemed to occur to her suddenly. "But if you have any doubt, Judith, I can set your mind at rest— of a surety I can." " How, then, dear mouse?" "I will tell yon tho manner of it. No longer ago than yesterday evening I was seated at the window reading — it was tbe volume that Dr. lfall brought mo from Worcester, aud that I value moro and more the longer I read it— and your father came into the house asking for Julius. So I put the book on the table, with tho face downward, and away I went to seek for my brother. Well, then, sweet cousin, when I came back to tbo room, there was your father standing at the window reading the book that I had left, and I would not disturb him ; and when he liad finished the page, ho turned, saving, 'Good bishop! good bishop!' aud putting down the book on tho table just as ho had found it. Dear Judith, I hope you will think it no harm and no idle curiosity that made inc take up the book as soon as my brother was come iu, aud examine the passage, and mark it—" "Harm 1— bless thee, sweetheart !" Judith exclaimed. And she added, eagerly : "But havo you tho book ? Will you read it to me? Is it about the King? Do, dear cousin, read to mo what it was that my father approved. Beshrow me ! but I shall havo to take to school lessons, after all, lest I outlive even your gentle patience." Straightway Prudenco had gone to a small cupboard of boxes in which she kept all her most valued possessions, and from thence she brought n stout little volume, which us Judith perceived had a tiny book-mark of satin pro jecting from the red-edged leaves. " Much comfort, indeed, havo I found in theso Comfortable Notes," said she. " I wish, Judith, you, that can think of every thing, would tell mo how I am to show to Dr. Hull that I am more aud moro grateful to him for his goodness. What can I do ? — words aro such poor things !" "But tho passage, good Pruo— what was't lie read? "I pray you lot me hear," said Judith, ongoily ; for here, indeed, might bo a key to many mysteries. "Listen, thou," said her companion, open ing tbo book. "Tho Bishop, you understand, Judith, is speaking of tho sacrifices the Jews inado to the Lord, aud lie goes on to say : "'Thus had this poople their peace offer ing ; that is, duties of thankfulness to thoir God for tho peace and prosperity vouchsafed unto thom. Aud most lit it was that He Bhould bo often thanked for such favors. The like mercies and goodness remains to us at this day : are wo either freed from the duty or loft without means to perform it? No, no ; but as they had oxen anil kitic, and sheep and goats, then appointed and allowed, so havo wo tho calves of our lips and tho sacri- Geo of thanksgiving still remaining for us, and as strictly required of us as theso (in those days) wcro of them. Oiler them up, then, with a free heart and with a feeling soul. Our peace Is groat; our prosperity com- fortablo ; our God most sweet and kind ; and shall wo not offer? Tho public is sweet, tho private is sweet, and forgot you to oifer ? Wo lay us down and take our rest, and this our God makclh us dwell in safety. Oh, whore is j your olFcring? We riao again and go to our I lubor, and a dog is not heard to movo his tongue among us : Owe no offering ? O Lord, 0 Lord, make us thankful to thee for theso mer cies ; the whole state we live in, for the common nnl o.ir several bouL, for several mercies now many years enjoyed. O touch ns ; 0 turn us from our fearful dulncs9, and abusing of this so sweet, so long and so happy peace ! Con tinue thy sacred servant' — surely you know, Judith, whom ho means — 1 the chicfcst means under 'i'licc of this our comfort, and ever still furnish him with wLc helps, truly fearing Thee, and truly loving him. Let our beads go to the grave iu this peace, if it may bo Thy blessed pleasure, aud our eyes never see the change of so hnppy an estate. Mako us thankful and full of peace offerings ; bo Thou still ours, and ever merciful, Amon ! Amen !" "Aud what said lie, sweet True — what said my father?" Judith asked, though her eyes were distant and thoughtful. "'Good bishop! good bishop 1' snid he, as if lie were right well pleased, and ho put down the book on the table. Nay, you may be certain, Judith, that your father would have naught to do with the desperate men that would faiu upset the country, and bring wars among us, and hand us over to the Pope again. 1 havo heard of such ; I have heard that many of the great families havo but a lip of loyalty, aud have malice at their heart, and would willingly plunge the land in blood if they could put tho priests in power over ua again. Be sure your father is not of that mind." "But if one were iu distress, Prudence," said the other, absently, "perchance with a false charge hanging over him that could be disproved — say that one were in hiding— and only anxious to prove his innocence, or to got away from the country, is ray father likely to look coldly on such a one in misfortune? No, no, surely, sweet mouse !" "But of whom do you speak, Judith?" ex claimed her friend, regarding her with renewed alarm. " It cannot be that you know of such a one? Judith, I beseech you speak plainly! You havo met with some stranger that ia un known to your own poople? You said you had but put a case, but now you speak as if you knew the man, I beseech yon, for the love ; between us, speak plainly to me, Judith !" " I may not," said the other, rising. And then she added, tnoro lightly, "Nay, have no fear, sweet Prue ; if there be any danger, it is not I that run it, and soon there will be no oc casion for ray withholding the secret from you, if secret there be." "I cannot understand you, Judith," said her friend, with the pale, gentle face full of a tender wistfuluess aud anxiety. "Such timid eyes!" said Judith, laughing good naturcdly. " Indeed, Prudence, I have seen no ghost, ami goodman Wizard has failed rac utterly ; nor sprite nor phantom has been near me. In sooth I lmve buried poor Tom's bit of rosemary to little purpose. And now I must get mo homo, for Master Parson comes this afternoon, and I will but wait the preaching to hear .Susan sing ; 'tis worth tho ; penance. Farewell, sweet mouse ; get you rid of your alarm. The sky will clear all iu good time." So they kissed each other, and she left ; still in inuch porplexity, it is true, but never theless resolved to tell the young man honestly and plainly the result of her inquiries. As it turned out, she was to hear something moro about the King aud politics and religion that afternoon, for when she got homo to New Placo Master Blaise was already there, and he was eagerly discussing with Judith's mother and her sister the last news that had been brought from Loudon ; or rather he was ex pounding it, with emphatic assertions and de nunciations that the women folk received for the most part with a mute bat quite apparent sympathy. He was a young man of about six- ancbtwenty, rather inclined to be stout, but witli strongly lined features, fair com plexion and liair, an intellectual forehead, and sharp and keen grey eyes. The one point that recommended him to Judith's favor — which he openly and frankly, but with perfect inde pendence, Bought — was tho uucompromising manner in which lie professed lus opinions. Theso frequently augored her, and even at times roused her to passionate indignation ; aud yet, oddly enough, sho had a kind of lurking admiration for tho vory honesty that scorned to curry favor with her by means of any suppression or evasion. It may bo that thcro was a trace of the wisdom of tho serpent in this attitude of the young parson, who was shrewd-headed as well us clear-eyed, and was as quick as any to read the fearless qunlity of Judith's character. At all ovcut9, ho would not yield to any of her prejudices ; he would not stoop to flatter her ; he would not abate one jot of his protests against the vanity and pride, tho heathenish show and oxtravaganco of women ; tho heinousuess and peril of iudilfercntism ill matters of doctrino ; and the sinfulness of the lifo of them that countenanced stage plays aud such like dovilish iniquities. It was this last that was tho real stumbling-block and contention between them, ; Sometimes Judith's eyes burned. Once sho rose and got out of tho room. " If I wcro a man, Master Parson," she was saying to her self, with shut teeth, "by the lifo of mo I would whip you from Stratford town to War wick !" Atftl indeed there was ordinarily a kind of armed truce between these two, so that no stranger or acquaintance could very easily decide what their precise relations were, although every one knew that Judith's mother and sister hold the youug divine in great favor, and would fain have had him of tho family. At this moment of Judith's entranco ho was much exercised, as has been said, on account of the news that was but just como from Lon don — how that tho King was drivin; at still further impositions because of the Commons begrudging him supplies : and naturally Master Blaise warmly approved of the Com mons, that had boen for granting tho liberties to tho Puritan which tbo king had rofusod. And uot only was this tho expression of a general opinion on the subject, but ho maintained as an individvnl — and as a very omphutio in dividual, too — that tho prerogatives of the Crown, tho wardships and purveyances and what not, wcro monstrous and abominablo, aud a way of 03cape from tho just restraint of Parliament ; and he declared with a sudden vohomenco that lie would rather perish at tho stako than contribute a single benovolenco to tho royal purse. Judith's mother, atall, slight, silver haired woman, with oyea that had onco been of extraordinary beauty, but now woro grown somewhat sad and worn, and hcrdaughter Smnuna Hull, who was darker than hor sister Judith 09 regarded hair and eyebrows, but who bad blue grey oyes of a | singular clearness and quickness and intelligence, listened and acquiesced : but perhaps they were better pleased when they found tho young parson coino out of that vehement mood ; though Btill ho was sharp of tongue and sarcastic, saying as an excuse for the King that now ho was revenging himself on the English Puritans for the treatment ho had received at tho hands of the Scotch Pres byterians, who had harried him not a little. He had not a word for Judith ; he addressed his discourse entirely to the other two. And sho was content to bit aside, for indeed this discontent with the Crown on tho part of the Puritans was nothing strange or novel to her, and did not in tho least help to solvo her pre- sent perplexity. And now .the maids (for Judith's father would have no serving men, nor stablomen, nor husbandmen of any grade whatever come with in doors ; the work of the house was done en tirely by women folk) entered to prepare the long oaken tabic for supper, seeing which Master Blaise suggested that beforo tlmt meal it might he as well to devote a space to divine worship. So the maids were bidden to stay their preparations, and to remain, seat ing themselves dutifully on a bench brought crosswise, and the others sat at tho table in their usual chair3, while tho preacher opened the large Bible that had been fetched for him, and proceeded to read the second chapter of tho Book of Jeremiah, expounding as he went along. This running commentary was, in fact, a sermon applied to all the evils of the day, as the various verses happened to offer texts, and the ungodliness and the vanity and the turning away from the Lord that Jeremiah lamented were attributed in no nnspariug fashion to tho town of Stratford and the inhabitants thereof : " Hear yo tho word of tbo Lord, 0 houio of Jacob, and all tbe families of the house of Israel : Thus saitli the Lord, What iniquity. have your fathers found in me, that they are gono far from me, and have walked after vanity, aud are become vain ?" Nor did he spare himself and his own calling: "The priests said not, Where is the Lord? and they that should minister tho law knew mo not : the pastors also offended against me, and tho prophets prophesied in Baal, and went aftor things that did not profit." Aud thoro were hold para phrases and inductions, too : " What hast thou now to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Nilus ? or what makest thou in the way of Asshur, to drink tho waters of the river V" Was not that the seeking of strange objects — of baubles, and jewels, aud silks, and other instruments of vanity — from abroad, from the Papist land of France, to lure the eyo and deceive tbo senses, and turn away tho mind from the dwelling ou holy things ? " Can a maid forget her ornament, or a brido her attire ? yet my people have forgotten me days without number." This was, indeed, a fruitful toxt, and there is no doubt that Judith was indirectly admonished to regard tho oxtreme simplicity of her mother's and sister's attire ; so that thcro can be no cxcuso whatever for her having in her mind at this very moment some vaguo fancy that ns soon as supper was over she would go to her own chamber and take out a certain beaver hat. She did uot often wear it, for it was a present that her father had once brought Iter from London, aud it was rauked among her most precious treasures ; but surely on this evening (she was saying to herself) it was fitting that she should wear it, not from any personal vanity, but to the cud that this young gentle man, who seemed to know several of her i father's acquaintances iu London, should j understand that the daughter of tho owner of New Place was no mere country wench, ig- norant of what was in tho fashion. It is grievous that she should have been concerned with such frivolous thoughts. However, the chapter came to au end in due time, Then good Master Blaise said that they would sing - tho One-hundred-nnd-thirty- seventh Psalm ; and this was truly what Judith had been waiting for, She herself was but an indifferent singer. She could do little moro than hum such snatches of old songs as j occurred to her during her careless rambles, I and that only for her private ear; but her j sister Susanna had a mo3b noble, puro, and ! clear coutralto voico that could at any time bring tears to Judith's cyeR, aud that, when she joined in the choral parts of the Bervicc in church, made mauy a young man's heart to biuiuuiu anuutij. 4ui ui.i uuj a nnu uouu bu sing to i-ho accompaniment of her lute ; but that wa3 giv-il over now. .Ouco or twico Judith had brought tho discarded instrument to her and eaid, "Susan, sweet Susan, for once, for once only, sing to me, ' Tito rose is from my garden gone.' " "Why, then— to make you cry, silly one?" the older sister would answer. " What proiit tli oso idle tears, child, that are but a luxury and a sinful indulgence ?" "Susan, but- once!" Judith would plead (with tho toars almo3t already in her oyes) — "onco only, 'Xlieroso is from my garden gone.' There ia nono can sing it liko you." But the elder sistor was obdurate, as she considered was right ; and J uditb, as she walked through tho meadows in tho evening, would sometimes try tho song for herself, thinking, or endeavoring to think, that Bho could hoar iu it the pathetic vibration of hor sister's voice. Indeed, at this moment the small congregation assembled around the table would doubtless lmve been deeply shocked had they known with what a purely socular delight Judith was now listening to the words of tho psalm. There was bat ono Biblo in the honso, so that Master Blaiao read out tho two first lines (lest any of tho maids might have a lax memory) : Wlien as we sat In Babylon, Tiio rivers round about and that they sang ; then tiioy proceeded in liko manner : And In remembrance of Slan, Tho toars for frrlof burst out ; Wo hanged our harps and Instruments Tho willow trees upon ; For in that placo men for their use, Had planted many a one. It is probable, indeotl, that Judith was so wrapped up iu hor sister's singing that it did not occur to her to ask herself whether this pBului, too, had not boon chosen with somo re. gurd to tho good prencher's discontent with those in power. At all ovonts, he read out, and they sang, no further than these two verses : Then they to whom wo prisonors wcro .Said to us tauntingly : Now lot us lioar your llokrew songs Aud preolous melody. — 1 — Alas! (said wo) who can onco frame His sorrowful heart to sing 1 lie pralsoi of our loving God. thus under a strange king f But yet if I .Icriisaloin Out,0' my heart letalido. Then let my (lngors tpiite forget The warbling harp lo guide : Ami lot my tongue wiiliiu mv mouth I.e tied 'or ever fast, If tlmt I joy before I see Thy full deliverance past. Then there was a short and earnest prayer and, that over, the maids set to work to get forward the supper; and young WMiu Hart was called in from the garden — Judith's father being away at Wilmcoie on some important business there. In due course of time, supper being finished, and a devout thanksgiving said, Judith was free ; and instantly sho fled away to Iter own chamber to don her bravery. It was not vanity (sho again said to herself), it was that her father's daughter should show that she .knew what was due to him and his j standing in tiie town ; and, indeed, as sho now regarded herself in the little mirror — she wore . a half circle farthingale, and iiad on one of iier smartest ruffs — and when she set ou her head j of short brown curls this exceedingly pretty j hat (it was of grey beaver above, aud undcr- neatb it was lined with black satin, and all ! around tbe rim was a row of hollow brass beads ( that tinkled like small bells) she was quite I well satisfied with her appearance, and that ; she was fairly entitled to be. Then siie went ' down and summoned her sweetheart Willie, to : act ns her companion and protector and ally ; . and together theso two passed forth from tbo house — into the golden, clear evening. 