' My Ashes. THE VICISSITUDES Oi' AK INCINERATED MOTHEIl IN.mw. My ashes, looked within a handsome silver urn, were placed by my son-in-law on. the mantle in the drawing-room, after ho had carried oat the provisions of my will, one of whioh was that my remains wera to be oro matctl, whioh ho had dono, dospito my daugh- '. . ; ter's pi'ayora. Tho circumstance ot myashca. Y boing captured by burglars was as follows : Thoro woro two of them, und thoy oamo into tho drawing-room, about throo oololc in tho morning, through tho window, to whioh was att.aob.ed tho 'patent burglar alarm.' 'Flashing thoir dark lantern hither and ?:''' thithor, tho rays presontly fell upon tho urn. A rapid examination oonvincod thorn that it was valuable, and, without a word, thoy trans ferred it to a saolt whioh ono of them carried. ;. Attor rilling tho houso from collar to garrot \: thoy departod, and in a dingy attic, locatodin an obscure quarter of tho town, began a division of their spoi!. When they came tho urn thoy woro puzzled for a momont. ' : ' Wot kind o' swag's this, oul?' said ono of them, holding tho urn up to tho light. ? „ c. 'Looks liko a vase or a milk pitchor or -; somothin',' said tho other. ' Milk pitohor yor gran'mothor,' soornfully ' replied tho first speaker ; ' I don't b'liovo ye know a milk pitohor from a horso collar. '.' Whoro'd yo ovor seo a milk pitchor 'ith a look ?:;',' on it like?' and tho burglar turned tho pad-:'.. '? :, lock toward his companion. Aa ho did so tho-;.' inscription caught his oye. . %1 .vit 'Hullo I' he exclaimed. ' Why, Bill, it's .'/ a graveyard — ef it ain't d ? n mo.' ..?;/, ''A wot?' cried tho second burglar, loan- ' ' ?. ing forward, his oyos sparkling with surpriso-j Vi and' incredulity. . .; .. ,- '.-'? ' A Rravoyard!' ropoatod tho other burglar ; ,-? ' a stiff-kit — a little private cemetery. Hero it is on tho door plato, ' Sacred to tho mom'ry o' Missis Matilda Lambert, who departod this life April nineteenth, eighteon eighty-one.' Can't yo read. It's ono o' thorn ash barrels yo hear toll of. People wot's a little off their; ' nuts, an' don't want to go to tho bonoyard, gits burned, nnd they put their 'remains' in -- wot you'd oall a milk pitchor.' ? *'? ' Tho h ? 1 ye nay. But aro them 're mains' valu'blo swag? Kou yo sell 'em to tho . fonco?' inquirod tho less-informed burglar. — .?'? ' Sell 'em to tho fence bo hanged,' con- : ? ' temptuously replied tho other; 'wot ud tho fence want of thorn, I'd like to hnow? Not much ; but they're valu'ble all tho samo. Jest you wait a day or two, an' look at tho adver tisements in the paper w'ilo yer a waitin'. Ef yo don't see a piece in tho pupor offorin1 ' a lib'ral reward' fur tho return of a vaso or a ' railk pitchor,' os you'd oall it, an' 'no ques tions asked,' I hope I may Rit sevon strotohes ; . aforo I'm a week older. Wo kon molt down ;, the ' milk pitcher' though ; wo ken sell that - to the fence. It's tho genooino stuff, or I'm , a white head. Hero, Bill, hand mo that lard can, and we'll dump the 'remains' into it, to ; be kop' 'til called for; ' no uae to anybody but tho owner.' Nice biznoss fur two snoozers .; like us to bo in — robbin' graveyards? I sea by the door plate she was fifty-seven years old. Nico old lady, I spose, an' her bereaved fam'ly won't mind plankin' down right han1 some to git her back agin. AVonder of hor ghost's lliokerin round this boodwah jost now.' The burglar who hold tho lard can into which my ashes wero boing ' dumped' trembled perceptibly, and threw a hasty, ; apprehensive glanco around as i£ fearing the approach of my angry spirit. His companion noticed his agitation, and with a scornful smile remarked : , ' Well, of you ain't tho wust, Bill — yor a funk.' Then, with a few light taps on tho bottom of the urn to detach any adhesive grains that might bo clinging to tho recep tacle, ho laid it aside with, ' There, oY. lady ; you'll keep, I guess, 'til yer called fur. Put her in the pantry, Bill, an' cover her up 'ith that side o' bacon, so's tho mice and cook' roaches won't git into hor. She's a lady, Bill, an' wo ought to treat tho wimmen 'ith resnect.' As the burglar had predicted, my sonin law advertised for ' a vase or urn,' and tho burglara replying through the 'personal column' over tho signature 'Ashes,' tho negotiation was soon concluded, and in con sideration of tho payment of §300 by 'the party of the first part,' the lard'can contain ing my ashes was transferred to his residence. I will do my son-in-law the justice to say that he did not hagglo over the ransom charged by the burglars. He oven paid it cheerfully, and lost no time in procuring another urn as similar to the one that had been stolen as possible. This urn, however, was not dis played on tho drawing-room mantle, and I was relieved from contact with my hateful ' intimate friends' by being relegated to my ? daughter's dressing- room, the urn being con cealed in a lacquered cabinet on the burcaut Here my ashes were comparatively safe from the vandal hands of vulgar burglars, but not from the ruthless misohief of my own flesh and blood. Ono day whilo tho family, was occupied in another part of the house, my grandson, a little imp of Satan — a child five years of ago— crept into the room, un locked the cabinet, abstracted tho urn, and concealing it under his apron, slipped out in to tha back yard, where, with water and a broken stick, he mixed about half of tlie oou tents of tho urn into mud pies. Great heavenu —just think of it 1 The ashes of a dignified, respectable old lady converted by a young scoundrel into mud pies. 1 — and the ashes of his own grandmother, too 1 Instinct should have taught him reverence for the dust of one but for whom he would never have had an existence. -But this.was not tho worst of it( A handful or more of my ashes remained in the urn, and the child, beginning torealizo that ho was committing a domostio felony, became frightened, and picking up the urnt started back to tho dressing-room with itt, Passing through the dining-room, the castor on the dining- table caught his eye, anoV another brilliant idea struck him. He emp tied tho pepper bottle into the fire-place and , filled it again from the urn. He performed the same operation with the salt dishes; and then distributed my remaining ashes in tho vinegar and oil cruets and the mustard bottle. Having thus disposed of my remains, he re.' turned the urn to the cabinet and awaited developments. They camo at tho dinner - table that afternoon. , 'Matilda,' Baid my son-in-law, ' this is the queerest tasting pepper I ever saw in my life.' . ' What, my dear, what doos it taste like ? ', inquired my daughter. ; . J' ' Like old dried bonos, as faras I oau make u out,' replied her husband. ' And themuBtard has tho aamo taste. Looks as if somebody had been emptying the pepper into tho muB tard bottle— it's full of little gray partioles ; and there's a sediment in tha vinegar oruetj and— just taste that salt, Matilda.' My daughter touohed hor tongue to ray ashes and averted her faoe in disgust. ' Why, Alfred I ' she exolaimed, ' what can it be?' ? ' I'll tell you, Matilda ; it's some of our young hopeful's work, that's what itis. Come here, you young rasoal. What have you boen putting into the popper bottle, Alfred. Spoak up now, and no lying. If you tell me a lie I'll whip you within an inch of your life.' The boy burst into tears, and for a time neither' threats nor expostulations had any effect upon him. At last, on a promise that: ha should havo a now dium and a tr'airi'W ' steam oars,' ho blurtod out : ' It's gran'ma.' C ?'Grandma I' cried his parents simul taneously. - . ,, ' Yes, her mud.' 'Her mud I' The plot was thiokening. Mystery brooded ovor that household. ' You know, papa, that speokled stuff you said was gran'ma, up in tho jampot in mamma's room.' A shrill shriek resounded through tho house, and my daughter foil fainting to tho floor. With a frightful oath, my son-in-law rushed into his wife's dreasingi room, tore open the cabinet, hastily unlooked the urn,, and found it— empty. Ho rooled against tho wall, one hand pressed oonvul Bivoly against his brow, tho other olutohiDg the urn, at whioh ha stared liko a maniac. As he Blowly sank to the floor, his limbs trembling with horror, I hoard him gurgle rather than mutter: _ ' My God 1 my God 1 I've eaten my mother in law.' ?. ???? E. H. C, in tho Argonaut. 