COSMO GORDON. BOOK III—CHAPTER. (Concluded.) The faint tinkle of a cattle bell now and then reached the women's ears; or the lowing of some bewildered cow lost in wonder how Bhe should get home to be milked. " We can't stop here all night," said May at lost, " I think I can find the way. Come, dear Deb." A sharp velp from Jim, who sprang forward, glad to see his companions stirring, And they were stepping cantioosly down hill. Very cantioosly, as they imagined, bat, while standing, they had turned unconsciously somewhat aside, and lost all reckoning of their whereabouts. There was a cry from Dab, a howl from Jim—who pranced about madly, looking like a ghost-hound in the mist—and they fonnd themselves landed, or rather stranded, in one of those boglands of which poor Deb had spoken of as being " a bit below." May got quickly clear with no greater penalty than muddy boots, and a heart beating fast with fear, but Deb's cratch seemed determined to take root in the treacherous mire that was covered-with a growth of the tenderest green grass, and only betrayed its read nature when yon trusted yourself to its tender mercies. "Catch hold of my hand; there, now let me get my other arm round you," said May ; but at the slightest attempt at stirring Deb felt as though she were sinking into unknown depths below. Jim. running round and round the two thus clinging together, barked like a fiend, every now and then yelping by way of change. They were a sorry group. ''Oh, Deb, dear Deb, what shall we do?" said May, almost sobbing as she began to realize her utter helplessness; "if you could only get one foot on to this tut of sale ground by the stone." But Deb couldn't stir, and the crutch seemed determined to Bettle down in that uncanny bog for the rest of its natural life. "What is the matter—can I be of any help?" said a manly voice so close at hand that both the women started. Shielded by the curtain of the mist the newcomer had approached them unawares; and now, looming upon the two lost ones out of the world of vapour above them, came the sight of an anxious faoe beneath a Glengarry cap—a face with grave brown eyes and short curly brown beard, a handsome race assuredly, hold of bits of his heather-coloured and doing all a dog could do to ask for help. It was not long in coming. Strong yet gentle arms soon lifted Deb out of the clutch of the quagmire—also rescuing the crutch, with which the mud parted unwillingly. "Now, which way do you want to go?" said the stranger, whom Jim' was slobbering over in the excess of his gratitude. " Towards Grasmere village, sir," said Deb, Intuitively feeling this champion of theirs to be'a "gentleman by his voice and manner, " and I think we'd best go quick, too,if we can. It don't matter about me, I'm used to all weathers, but Miss May here is chill enough, I warrant—this fog wets worse than The stranger turned sharply towards May, looking at her, perhaps, more eagerly than etiquette quite justified. , r You are shivering," he said; " we must not stand still any longer." Happily a slight lightening and lifting of the mist enabled them to make some alow progress; and now the two women saw that their companion carried a portfolio. "He's a picture-man," thought Deb; "and what a bonnie one to look at! " I will go first; please follow me as closely as yon can," said tne picture-man. Woman like a masterful way in the sterner sex, always provided it holds an element of gentleness too. The stranger's manner combined these two desirable elements toperfection. Going on before with his tall inches and stalwart form, he might have been a second Greatheart guiding a new Christiana and Mercy throngh the perils of a pilgrimage. May was very silent; Deb did almost all the talking. "We came from the farm above the village —Yewtree Farm, they call it, because grandfather cut the trees at the gate into things like ever so big cockrobins. They're counted a sight to see, I can tell you." "I have no doubt of it," said the stranger. Then he turned questioningly to May, stumbling over a stone as he let curiosity get the better of duty. Did she come from Yewtree Farm ? Had her grandfather cut and carved those marvellous cockrobins ? May, holding her cloak gathered across her breast with one hand, was fondling Jim, whose delight had taken the form of frantic •efforts at turning himself into a biped with the other. As their guide turned she looked up, met his eves, and both smiled. Deb was wide awake to all this, and read the stranger's thonghts pretty clearly. "Miss May has come all the way from London to see us—to drink new milk of a morning, and get roses in her cheeks," she said, proudly. "Mv sister Anne was her foster-mother, and Drought her home from India—yes, indeed did she, sir; and that's why Miss May makes so free with homely folk like us " "My dearest friends, dear Deb—my best and dearest friends," put in May from behind. The mist now began to clear in earnest, and just in the turn of the pathway, where Grasmere, its village, and, a little way up the hill, Yewtree Farm came into view, their guide took his leave. He shook hands with both of them, made some laughing allusion to the state of their boots—which was in truth appalling—and then, .baring his curly brown head in their honour' and looking, not at Deb, but at May —who really must nave lost her head, if not some still more precious possession, since she seemed scarce able to find a word of thanks or greeting—turned back the way he had come. " My!" said Deb, drawing a long breath of exceeding ^satisfaction, "what a beautiful gentleman. Ain't he. Miss May ?" Miss May said " Yes," in a calm and indifferent manner enough, but her heart beat hard and fast. As to Jim, he stopped short in his mad career after the flicker of a rabbit's little white tail, looked efter the stranger and whined. Jim evidently thought they might have taken him home to the farm to tea. Was that weird meeting in the white creeping mist—Kismet ? Surely, for again and again May and he of the grave brown eyeB and curly beard met "by chance;" again and again they talked of all things under heaven and in earth. Deb had been quite right in surmising that he was a " picture-man;" in fact, he gained his livelihood by his brush and pencil. His name was Paul Verinder. and he was staving at a cottage near Kydal Water. He had a sick friend with him; a great sufferer, so be said, and one who had none bnt himself in all the world to look to for care and attendance. May learnt, as the days passed on, some little, very little as a matter of fact, of the story of tne past yean of this maqfe life; yet enough to 1st her understand—or think she did—what had made his eyea so grave and wistful, his smile so sad. . Deb knew well that these two met many times and oft; once or twice she encountered the ;" picture-man" herself. But Deb let no word slip either to her brother or to his wife. Her thoughts were—strangely enough— always harking back to the young farmer of that short romance of hers, She thought of him on his roan cob, bending down toner at the gate where all the lavender and roses clustered, and—always with the straw in his mouth—making her heart beat high by accounts of how things were looking "up home," the home that then she fancied might one day be hers. She^was living her own love-idyll over again in Miss May's. As to Farmer Blake, he made so bold as to vow and protest on one occasion that " missv grew more like a posy of roses every day, at which his wife, noting how " deeper and deeper still" glowed her darling's cheek at his words, coughed significantly, fearing her good man might be " making a little too free," was a poem, each day a new stanza full of sweeter rhyming than the last. _ Unquestionably, given all her' and though unworthy of the precious gift, would "naught have cared. As yet, love, though ever hovering near this pair, who were mulling an Eden for themselves of the lovely Grasmere hills and vales, fair with the exquisite fresh fairness of spring, had been a silent influence as far as mere words go. But the prospect of parting has taught many a lover the use of his tongue, and wTtmg from many a maiden the avowal of a tenderness hitherto only felt as something l>eautiful and Bacred to be hidden from all eyes, Mr- xrir. Verinder," v erinaer, said May, paling as she spoke, and clasping ' her " hands close in each other to give herself courage; " I am going— back to London—early next week'" Th'e two had met, " by chance," on the old road to Ambleside^and were standing near What ia called the WiBhing-gate; aneut which exists a legend that wishes there uttered are predoomea to realization some day. Mr. Verinder started as the girl spoke, turning from her a moment to gaze steadfastly at the hills that lay sleeping in the sun-bright air. Then he faced his gentle companion as suddenly as he had turned away from her, and the next moment his hanaa held hers as though never to let them go again. " What shall I do without you, my darling?" he said in a voice shaken by passion. Love is not always eloquent. " I don't know—I catft think," was the best answer poor May could find. But her face lifted to his, the mouth tremulous, the eyes fast filling with great bright tears, spoke for her, making up for all that was lacking. Paul gave a cursory glance around. No living thing was in sight save a few old crows floating in the azure overhead, and cawing as they flew, no doubt congratulating themselves on the dual facts that the weather was fine and worms were plentiful. The crows would tell no tales, though they were flying towards Yewtree Farm. So he folded his bonnie love in his arms, and tried to kiss the tremble from her mouth and the tears from her eyeB. 