HEINRICH HEINE Dr. Evans tells us in his preface that the missing memoirs of Heinrich Heine have re cently been discovered in Germany ; and that he is publishing an English translation in hot haste, in order that it may appear simultaneously with the German edition. It is to be re gretted that Dr. Evans has not been more explicit in showing why the public should accept this fragment of just over a hun dred pages, nost 8vo., as all that remains of the four volumes which the poet is known to have written between 1837 and 1840, It is true, Heine says at the very beginning of these Memoirs, that he has been obliged to destroy nearly one half in deference to family considerations and religious scruples, but ho adds that he has since tried to fill un the void, and will endeavor to preserve his papera from another auto-da-fi by entrust ing them to safe hands. Ho doubt there are gaps in this fragment where the poet'b brother- Maximilian tore out the passages that told so much about the ignoble surroundings of the family ; but the memoir breaks off suddenly at the time when Heine was still a boy, and can be proved by a reference to his father's death to have been written in 1854\. It seems inconceivable that if the family destroyed nine-tenths of it they should have allowed tho present tenth to remain ; for what they were really alarmed about was, not Heine's later life in Paris, with its literary activity and quarrels, but the story of his youth down to the time when his cousin Amelia jilted him. The old tradition of tho Memoirs, which has been accepted by M. Stigand, is that after being expurgated from domestic revelations by his cousin Carl Heine, and perhaps re-written by the poet, they were sold by Mdme. Heine to tho Austrian Government. Probably, therefore, it will turn out that the present fragment is merely a second version of the early part of the Memoirs, written by Heine during his last illness to gratify a friend, and left incomplete from the failure of bodily strength. In that case, -we may still hope that the Austrian ar chives will some day give up their dead, and that we may have -the most important part of Heine's later life described by himself. The fragment Dr. Evans gives us will bs found to add a good deal to the history of Heine's boyish years. While his uncle, Solomon Heine, was the head of a great Hamburg banking house, Sampson Heine, the poet's father, was an unprosperous doaler in velveteens at Diisseldorf, of no particular ability, and with a great foible for wearing a military uniform as au officer of the militia during the good time3 for the Jewish born, when the Rhenish provinces were under French rule. From this father tho poot in herited nothing but personal beauty. His genius seems to have been derived from his mother, a very remarkable woman of ambition and literary taSte. It was HEinrich Heine's great good fortune to grow up in a period oi civil equality, nnd though ho seems to have been teased, a little more at school than a Christian boy would have been, his childhood on the whole was not - cbittered by the privations and persecutions that cast a gloom over his early manhood. Even his friendship when he was 16 with tho execu tioner's daughter, " red-haired Josef:,," may be compared with the young Goethe's in- macy with Gretchen, a house of tho most disreputable character, and may be re- garded as a mere boyish escapade. Practi cally, then, this fragment gives ns nothing ox- ' cept a more complete idea of Sampson Heine's nullity, some amusing anecdotes of the poet's school life, and a good story of tho father's advico when the son was accused of denying God, "You may be as much a philosopher as you "wish, but I beg you not to say openly what you think, for it would injure my business if my customers should hear that I have a son who does not believe in God ; the Jews, especially, would buy no more velveteens of me, and they are honest people, pay promptly, and have also a right to stick to their religion. I am your father, and. conse quently, older than you, and therefore I have also more experience than you. For this reason you may believe me, upon my word, when I take the liberty to tell you that Atheism is a great sin," It may be noted that, as far as is known, Heine never was an Atheist, and the charge against him may probably be traced to some explosions of his unlucky and audacious wit. It is certainly disappointing that tho Me moirs now printed should break off so early, for though the poet's life was not a vory event ful or picturesque one, it would be interesting to know how far the popular theory of his re lations with Amelia Heine is true. The ac cepted legend is that Heine's whole life was embittered by tho treachery of a cousin to whom he was sincerely attached ; that he threw him self into reckless dissipation in order to still tbo voiceof memory ; and that the abiding influence of his first love is to hn traced in a number of his most exquisite poems. There is something nnsnbstantial about this view of the poot's character. He was only 21 when tho cousin, who had flirted with him, made her final vloe- tion, and married. It is the way of the world for a young man to be broken hearted over such a catastrophe ; and Heine, who lived in the country where the sorrows of the young Werther were still a popular romance, and where Byron was a fashionable poet, was bound to be morbid and gloomy and vindictive. Still, who n a poet begins to use up his experiences, and is able to put them into exquisite lyrical verEe, it is generally safe to cnnclnde that he will not bleed to death. Heine's first poems, which appeared under the name of Young Sorrows, are filled with the bleatinga of calf love, though they contain passages worthy of the poet ill the maturity of his powers. Very speedily, however, the style changes ; and though unrequited love and melancholy continue to be frequent themes, they are so variously elaborated that it would be possible to fit them to half a dozen different lives. The most probable explanation is that -Heine was completely cured of his first passion by the time he was 23, and only used it as a stage property. Neither does there seem the slightest reason to associate the profligacy oi his manhood with heart sickness. By far the most idealistic and chivalrous of his poems are those which refer to the time when he had really something to complain of. As long as be was betrayed and deserted he re tained something like veneration for the sex. Afterwards, when women of a lower type were ready to make him amends, Heine became cynical and hard, in spite of a good natured gallantry that never left him. The simple fact seems to he that ho was voluptuous by temperament, and self-in dulgent by habit, and that being singularly handsome and gifted, he had moro opportunity than most men for measuring what was weak and bad in women. Before long a hard life un fitted him for decent companionship, and ho settled down with and finally married an uneducated grisette, who seems to havo amused him by her vivacity and hnmors, but who never knew what sort of man she was living with, and only continued to live with him ont of habit. One of tho most ghastly stories is the life of any man of genius is that which describes how Heine one day had reason to fear that his wife had deserted him. Unable to move himself, ho ecnt up into her room to Eee if tho parrot was there, and was renssnred on learning that it had not been moved. That, at least, Madame Heine was certain not to de sert. The other circumstance in Heine's career the importance of which bos been a little ex aggerated is his nominal conversion to Chris tianity, which took place when he was 25. It is cot a creditable act, for there is no doubt t.cat Heme's object was simply to qualify for an appointment in the Prussian civil Memoirs of the Youth of Heinrich Heine. . By T. IV. Kraut, H.P., tofloafgeoigo Bell and goal. J service. No one can regard change of faith as lightly as change of nationality, and there is a certain feeling to this day against men who abjure their natural allegiance for considerations of interest. Neither can it be pleaded in Heine's excuse that he was indif ferent to religious questions, or failed to understand their importance. No man has shown a more penetrating insight into the real meaning of forms of faith and philosophy, and his range of vision extends from Catholicism to Hegel and Kant. He has in fact given the real reasons for his apostasy when he says that it was tho fault of Napoleon's schoolmaster, who did not teach him that the- winter was cold at Moscow ; or pleads that the certificate of baptism is a card of ad mission, to European culture ; -or avows- that if Montalembert became Minister and wanted to drive him from Paris he would become Catholic. The best to be said for Heine in these matters is that, having, completely thought himself ont of Judaism, he was not renouncing anything ho believed when ho subscribed him self Lutheran. It mnst .be added that In a certain highly limited way Heine -had Chris tian tendencies, that is, he swung round at last to the belief in a personal God, and had probably inclined to it from tho first. Still, it is not pleasant to think of a man of genius making a false profession, and it is some satis faction to know that Heine never actually derived a farthing of profit from his Lutheranism. He soon drifted to Paris, which is the second fatherland of every man who can think clearly and write keenly, and where he became, as M. Thiors has put it, the wittiest Frenchman after Voltaire, Neverthe less Heine was German at heart, and it is not altogether satisfactory that, being German, ho consented to take a pension of £192 a year from tho French Government, Probably It made no difference in Heine's course of life. He was no moro democratic by conviction than abso lutist, and was only iTo he accounted liberal by the accident that tho established govern ments of Germany were arbitrary and in sufferably stupid. Heine seems really to have preferred Louis Philippe and Guizot, from whom ho took his pension, to any other possible administrators, though he had the sagacity to see that constitu tional royalty in France was insecure. He himself says that by the time ho had begun to pass into the ranks of the opposition, ho was physically incapable of sustaining a paper warfare against any Minister, and boyond this, that the only paper for which he wrote, tho Augsburg Gazette would not have admitted a single disrespectful sentence. Here, as in the matter of religion, one can only deplore that Heine's improvidences pnt him at the mercy of fate. A pensioner on the bounty of an uncle with whose family he often quar relled, with no regnlar professions, and making bad bargains for himself with his Hamburg bookseller, Campe, Heine was compelled now and again to purchase his daily bread by humiliations, Happily his genius had an integrity , of its own. Wit of all faculties in tho world seems to he tho least purchaseable and pliant. It was easier for Heine to sign a confession of faith or ask for a pension than to suppress an epigram. He jested with the priests while tho dews of baptism were still fresh upon him ; he jested with royalty while he was in exile and dependent ; he even jested upon Roths child while he -was a guest in his house, Heine's influence upon mode literature is of a very peculiar -kind. He himself quotes with amusement tho remark of a French critic that he was an unfrocked Romanticist. The explanation of this half truth lies in the circumstance that when young he was rather poet than wit, and later on was more wit than poet. That as poet he should fall under tho influence of the Romantic School was only natural. These were the days of Gorman revival, prepared by Schiller and Goethe, consummated by Tieck and Novalis and De La Motte Fouqué. Nevertheless, Heine's genius, though it hears the same affinity to Goethe's that French art bears to Greek art, had always certain marked characteristics of its own. Tho faults of Romanticism are in difference to form, redundancy of color and profusion of words, Heine's charm lies in his combination of masculine terseness with femi nine suggestiveness. Such a poem of four or twelve lines, that seems at first to have no higher beauty than an antique simplicity, will be found to contain a hint or association that lingers in the memory. It re peatedly happens that we have half a dozen studies for tho same thought, and it is not always an advantage that those are grouped together like an artist's sketches of full face, half face and profile. Side by side- with this gift of concision is tho kindred faculty or wit. Other men have been poets and wits before, but in Dryden, Pope and Voltaire tho wit commonly predominated ; in Goethe the poetical form. Heine at his best is almost a perfect compound of both. No donbt many of his best poems are simply the lyrics of passion or pathos, and some of his higher productions are mere verses of society, but everywhere one feels the hand of the epi- grammatist in the firm touch, and tho mind of tho poet in tho deep thought. Of course, a time came when tho balance could no longer be maintained. A man of less reflective power, less judicial In sight than Heine would have gone on writing littlo poems pf exqnisite polish, Heine did this more or, less mechani cally, and some of his latter productions are as charming as any of tho earlier, though perhaps not quite so fresh. Gradually, however, he seemed to feel that his true strength was in prose, and ho proved himself in politics, in religion, in literary criticism, in tho dis section of national characteristics, mak ing even his most trivial writings im perishable by their perfection of form. He has been the quarry from which English writers have drawn unsparingly, but in no in stance has the disciple been greater than his master. Tho great quality of Heine's prose is its creative insight, to which clearness of expres sion and beauty of form are only secondary. Bnffon's famous deliverance, that the style is the. man, has often been supposed to imply that the real artist is concerned with beauty of form rather than with passion, or thought, or soul. Certainly of ten men expressing the same idea in different phrase ology, immortality is for him who writes best ; but style without thought is the merest of stage properties. It was Heine's peculiar quality to feel especially the moral significance of what he understood. As a boy, he grew up dazzled by ths glories of Napoleon's wars, and fascinated by intercourse with his soldiers. As a young man, be learned bitterly at what a cost to themselves the Jews in Rhenish Prussia had been liberated ; in middle age he sympathised profoundly with tho French peasantry, to whom Napoleon was the man, and with tho French students, who had Beranger's songs on their lips. "In him died the last hero after tho old fashion," says Heine in Lucretia, "and modern Philistinism breathes freely, as if released from a brilliant nightmare. Over his tomb springs up the era of industrial- ism — an era which admires quite other heroes, as for example the virtuous Lafayette or James Watt." Not on that ac count did Heine fail to condemn the Emperor, on whose life there was "a stain of oil" (his consecration by the Pope) ; who was ' haunted by the spectre of freedom as by the ghost of a murdered mother, and heard her voice always ringing in his ears." It is surely a keen and just intuition which traces Napoleon's hatred of ideologists to a guilty sense that he had himself been faithless to ideas. Exactly, too, as he could see Napoleon's weaknesses, could Heine understand the intrinsic worth of Lafayette, the purest character of the French Revolution, " never presumptuous and never despondent, harmoniously strong nnd gentle," So again with his literary criticism. He has not left ns any systematic studies on Shak speare, hut there is nothing finer in intrinsic workmanship than his comment, from the Jewish point of view, upon the Mer chant of Venice, in which he maintains that Shylock, through his strong love of his daughter, and his capacity for unpurchasable revenge, is the noblest character of the play- There is infinite perception too in his criticism of Faust as the true type of tho Germans — "of the race, that satisfies its passion in knowledge rather than in life." Certainly Englishman have little reason to be grateful to Heine for his portraitures of them. It is he who created the type of the English Philistine, which Mr. Matthew Arnold has at last popularised ; it is Heine who denounced English cant, English stiffness, English commonplaceness to a generation before which Englishmen were posing as the heroes who had saved Europe, and who were guarding the altar of liberty. His idea that he conld distinguish the mechanism by which Englishmen "think, feel, calcu late, digest and pray," and his conviction that " a blaspheming Frenchman is a more pleasing sight in the eyes of God than a praying Eng lishman," are extravagances of bitter anti pathy. Neither was Heine always just where he loved. Democratic by conviction, he was Conservative by refinement and wit, "and never hesitated to speak out half his mind in an epigram. " The Goddess of Liberty seldom ' possesses a chemise, and is on that account very bitter against all who wear clean linen." So too it pleased him to associate the democratic tone in modern society with the want of distinction in literature. " Why sing of the rose, aristocrat ? Sing rather of tho democratic potato that nourishes the people." Yet this man would have been imprisoned in Spielberg and Spandau as the enemy of law and order if he had ventured to cross the Rhine. Neither would his judges have been mistaken. Heine hated tyrants and bureau- cracies as cordially as he loathed mobs and loafers, and tho sarcasm that is lost on a crowd, as a cannon shot on a sand bag, easily de molishes the brazen figure heads of society. The quotations made will already have shown that Heine's was not a systematizing genius. Just as he seems the embodiment of French intellect, when we compare him with his own country men, does he seem a woman by tho side of men. Like all women he had the highest possible appreciation of feminine tact, and a low estimate of womanly character. He declared in the same breath that they had every day a different character, and that it was an excellence not to be subjected to a self-imposed moral tyranny of unchangeable principles. " Every day they alter their views of the world in general with out being themselves conscious of the change. ... When their minds are unoccupied by any dominant thought, then are they in their most delightful mood, enjoying an interregnum of feeling." Compare this with his description of French women in a passage which reduces itself to tho praise of grace and mobility. "Are their mouths large or small ? Who can say. where the mouth ends and tho smile begins ? . . . Who can he at rest beside a Parisian lady is ever, at rest. . . . One must observe the butterfly as it flutters from flower to flower, and one must study the Parisian lady, not in her domestic sphere as she sits with the needle fastened in her bosom, but in the drawing room, at soirées, at balls, as she flatters about with wings of embroidered silk and gauze under the sparkling chandeliers." In the same way, the student of Heine must start from the assumption that he has no set tled principles, bnt that he has a divine gift of intuition, which perhaps enables hit- to see the conclusion without thought of the premises. It is idle to charge contra dictions on such a man, for he is not troubling himself about argument, but about facts. One day he assures us that Judaism is not a reli gion, but a misfortune. Another day he over flows with praise of Judea, "with its spiri tualistic faith, its severe, chaste and almost ascetic morality of tho people, that sat piously under its fig trees chanting the praises of the invisible God." Here he tells us that "in his youth he was often overpowered by the infinite sweetness, the mysterious and blessed influence, the delirious death ecstasy of Catholicism." There he erects a grander monument to Luther than any ecclesiastical historian has raised as " an inspired God-drunken prophet," full of the awful reverence of God, fall of self-sacri- ficing devotion to the Holy Spirit," who "could lose himself entirely in pare spirituality," and who yet had an earthy admixture— a dross of passion, without which he could not have been a man of action. It would be possible, of course, to rationalise all these differences, and find out a common sys tem for Heine, in which all his thoughts should be harmoniously fused. It is simpler to take him as he was— tho man who combined poetical sympathy and insight with tho most delicate analytical criticism. He has himself explained his own powers when he says that if he had been a correspondent under Nero for the post of Bœotia, or the unofficial Chronicle of Abdora, he should not have written about the banquets of King Agrippa or the State in trigues of Agrippina or Nero's proficiency on the fiddle, but about " certain Galilæans, .an obscure handful of people, consisting mostly of slaves and old women, whose whole lives were passed under per secution and in foolish visions, and whom even tho Jews disavow." History would have vindicated his foresight as it has already vindicated it in his warning to France against the next struggle with Germany, and in half- a-hundred minor criticisms and predictions that are being noiselessly verified. What are we to say of a man who could see so clearly, and put his thought into such immortal form, except that he is of the elect class in whom art kindles into prophecy. 