DAN LYONS'IDOOM. ,By WAIF. WANDER. OlAPTER V.-(Cooinsin .) " My God !" murmured that'. wretched being, as he got up'and went away past the growling dog, " surely my punishment is too great I" . T he hildren both rose and stood looking after the priest's retreating form. Neither of them had heoard his despairing ejaculation, .but they could' see from the unfortunate being's gesturesth'at he was in great pain of some kind., "He must'be overy:ill," the gentle little girl said.... \- "Is that: a clergyman?" nasked Daniel, with a' heavy frown over his fine, and yet angry eyes.' - "I think so. He ia called Father James, nou know Daniel, and don't you see his drsees ?.' " I know nothing about his dress;_ I never .'saw a priest.before,-but I know one thing, and that is that whoever that man is he is a had one." "Oh dear, how can you tell? `he was a little rnde I think,- buot he Iblksn ill, and sickness makes people, short-tempered; mama says." - ' - , SThey resumed their work: on the grave, and were silent for some moments, and it ..was Daniel who broken the silence by -the .abrupt queation.. .. ' - SR'esignation, did'you ever see a picture of ;Dan Lyons?" - - , " Oh -no I why do you ask that ?." the: abild asked, isashe-again-lifted:her eyes and 'rested- them.on e the nboy's face.' "Because I should lilito'know'exactly what he was like; ou know, soomething iabout it, don't yoa? S'e often asked mother 'to desaribe him to .me, but she only turns her 'face. away from me when I do. 'Vhat was he like Resigna. lion? Whatkind offace hadhe?" " "Mama has told me,'" was the reply in a low voice, as the olittle girl.glanced around with a shudder; " "nd I often dream tlhat I am looking in his bad face. -He was a tall, Itont man, with a fat, red face, and great rcarse hands and feet. He used.to drink awfully too, and was alwoays bad, even before he killed my poor, darling papa." "Of course he was," Daniel observed de cidedly," and Dan Lyons was big and fat ' Yes." "I wonder what became of him; the police never got on his track."? "Oh no, I hope hoise dead." "I hopohe is not .I hope I shall see him die by inchesl" . esignation shook her head. Daniel's face was flushed with passion,: his hands were clenched, and his' grand dark eyes seemed to lsintillate. . "It is so strange that you should feelit so," the girl declared, '" Mama often remarks that ifit had been your own father who was killed ypn could not have hated his murderer mere." "That is true, I could not." Again there was a short' silence, again broken by the lad. ., i "llesignatin tell me :about. a &oensitiv; plant; what is it ?" "A sensitive .plant I Oh, it is a.pleat whoee leaves shrink and close at the slightest touch. Why, Daniel?" "I wish we could get one and:plant it here," replied the boy, laying his hand just over where the heart.of the dead man had oneo rested, "and then it Daie Lyons dared to put his foot near this, the leaves would rell ne." . "I'm afraid they ould not do that, Daniel," r nsignation said with:a little Sigli*'! but God will tell us, some day." , . "Aye, child, God will tell you.some day, but it will be so near the moment, when you ahall see your father's face for the' first time :that the horror of the knowledge shall be nverwhelmed for over in the brightneoas of an everlasting heaven." And that wretched being, whobad rushed 'away from the grave; with his hanids clenched' and an awfol horror in his' eyes, opened' the gate and went outside the fence of the en closure. Where was he going?" IHedid not 'know himself at the momeit ; anyvh'tdi, any 'where away from the piareeneobof thbso :ohil. '-dren; and the vicinity of that grave.' He eat down when le had: gebe' a little .way down Ithe hillside, and bent his white faceh into his hands; hbut' tht did niot hide from lishidden: eyes those staring blaok letters on the white stlone-"Vengeauce is' Mine'; I will repay, 'isalth the aierd." There wasa the. aiitle of leaves and grase around him, and the twitter of birds over his head, but he heard only the 'words Resignation St. Herrick had repeated as her mother's;- "A surely as God's'sun shines in the sky, od's vengeance will over take Dan Lyons 'the murderer." r . "Father James sat there for some time, and i. then he suddenly lifted his' head and looked u p'at thepure "palo-blu e sun-flooded' sky "boe him.'? i as' he thinking of the Great First Canus,'.:whose -dwelling "our huiian :'eneration. located'high above' the- clouds, whether they float -above- the' far :East or the far,,West ; the icy North or the frozen South ??' Ws he doubting the P sasibility.of a prayer reaching 'the foot of the Great White Threne through that pellucid other that was as brass to the prayers of the narepentant sinner? 'Who may tell? But 'hegot up as suddenly as he had seated him. self, and drained a little flask he had in his Pocket ere he went on his way with a deter. mined step. He mattered to himself as he went, strange words that but hinted wildly at the eeoret ha carried. . "Iwill be a coward no longer it" is the only chance or hope," wore soma of the words a dropped from hie ale to drawn lipa. I •, ome all~theemiesto do it, and now that I am hero I dread to speak. Nonsense, hsbeia but a woman after all, and it shebodenies lee I cannot be worse than I am." 'It was toward a:pretty cottage at the very. 'lutattte of the township that his steps were turned, It lay in the. midst of encircling verdure, and faced the crooeek. When one crossed the little briidge that crossed Itbban Creolek theystood at the gate 'of the cottage, on-tlis very threshold, as it were; of the garden in front of it. :This cottage was the one Mr. Pollard had built for the widow of Colonel St. Herrick, and he had dons loil that was possible to give brightness to the homeof the poor lady whom all pitied; buthe had failed. - How is it that there is a something alivays visible in even the outside of a house to hint at the feelings indulged by those who inhabit it ? The garden of the cottage was neatly keipt, for iesignation and her rough friend Daniel Grifllths spent much of their time in it, but ,the -very flowers were chosen for their sub-. dued tints. Thereswero no flaunting colors there among the green freshness. Perhaps the principal reason that glaring and gaudy colors were avoided was the fact that every. thing at the cottage was cultivated .with the one idea thatat some time or other, in blossom or plant, must go to decorate that sacred grave of the husband and father. In "no garden round lMarranga were seen such lovely white and yellow and pale blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysuckle, and great pale passion-flowere made beautiful the trellis. work of the summer-house and drooped from the verandah. In their season tall, white Laster lilies stood sentinel over the beds as did that white stone in the cemetery over the breast of the murdered man, and the Guelder roses, big balls of clustering blossom, floated in a sea of green leaves near the pale blossom. ing' lilac. - Into this garden 'of pale, pure flowers stepped that black-robed man with the hollow ayes that oe know as Father James. If his heart beat hard and painfully there was no outward evidence of it as he knocked at the door under the 'shadowed verandah. There was no sound to tell of life in that still house. Thowindows in front were hung with dark colors, and there was no floating-breeze blown lace to give lightness and graoo to the rooms within, When Mrs. St. Herriok's great trouble fell upon her life she accepted it. as full and complete as though no sun over shone on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When'she opened the door to that 'knock, Father James's'eyes rested: on a woman as white-faced as himself, and with robes as hopelessly black, She was young; at least comparatively so, thirty.two or three years old perhaps, and she might have been beautiful once, but in her features there was no trace of gentle Iteoigna. tion's sweet featuies or expression. lMrs. St. Herrick's hair was dark and her eyes grey, but every feature was hard'and cold and bitter, for she .had never forgiven Fate for the cruel blow that had stricken her life's idol from her side. -If I dared to say it I would hint that she had never forgiven the'God who had afflicted her, and yet, strange anomaly, she had borne sweet, patient Feesignation St. Herrick. When she stood before the man itwase with a hard questioning face that did not' clange I until she grasped his errand. "I am Father James Brady, the.new tenant, of St. Herrick's; and have some business with Mrs. St. Herrick." - " '-" I am she,'; was the reply ibut she.a made no movement to admit him;"' ' w:.: '? = i S' Ihave come on an errand of such moment that I am'sure.:I need not apologias for re. questing an interview.. I have. come to you at the request of that unhappy.man Dan "Lyons." S"What?" "It is true, madam; I have come from 'him." -" Oh, heaven I has the time dome at last I Shall'I seea my-darling avenged -atlast, at lastI" =She had seized haIs arm with no'gentle hand, and was dragging the priest into the sitting-room while she was speaking. "He has beei caught? He has given him self up? He has confessed? He is con I demned? He will die? Come in'and tell me all-all l" ' He fell rather- than eat down upon a chair rear the door, and lilted his hat for a moment, only however as if to relieve himself of an in tolerable burden for one moment, for he re placed it instantly. Mrs. St. Herrick had, however, seen the tonsure, and it was to her a confirmation of her dearest hopes. ... " Yes, you are a priest,' she added excitedly, "you have seen the monster, and he has con feessed to you, and you bring me the glorious "It is a mistake,". the visitor replied in-a low tone, as his eyes remained riveted on-the carpet at his feet.: " It is, true that Dan Lyons has confessed to me, but he is far away in another land, and is not a prisoner.'. "Not a prisoner I You know of his crime, ? yet the murderer is free. You then are no accomplice-a villain of as deep a dye as Dan the accursed himself I " " "I 'anm a-priest," the.man replied, in a voice that trembled-in spite of him, !'and'I received the confession of the ' man under - the sacred seal of the conlessional. 'I am .here with the words that unhappy man has put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them" ? " "! Yes, I will listen.' - . SMrs. St. Horrieks sat down opposite Father James with her eyes full of the strong deter mination that was a prominent point in'her character, and her heart was beating with a wild hope , Oh: yes,: she .would listen, and with'suoch aoute ears that not one .ele that might'trap the spiller of blood should escape them I. : " I must tell you his story-tell it to you from the 'moment when he fled fromlnMar range.": : k o..-: - ' "From the 'moment that heknew my poor husband :had' written, denouncing him ??th tfingers thatrvweiestiffening' in darkness and death I . Go:on I.'l .:- -- . . .,?!Well; he fled. :-He had means 'foi in the very instant.- the falling earth in the:claim shut -in 8t..HReirink's facehelio saw gold in shining piebes in the soil:around him,, and secured enough to, take:him far away from the scene of his crime, nor was it exhausted when he' came 'a repentant man, to the a monastery of whose order I was a brother. , " "'Where was it?' the widow asked, as her t breaith cane thick. r - b It does not matter.' It was on the Con. tineont, akd Dan Lyons gave the brothers-his gold, and became one of thbe brotherhood., Por years he lived an incarcerated and self denying life in that monastery, only to growo thinner and whiter, and more bony., and haggard with each day, for he had not con. fesred his crime, and his sin lay like lead on his soul.' SAt- last he plunked up courage, and he confessed-" - - " 'To you ?' interrupted Mrs. St. Her. S"Yes, it was to me, and oh, the tale he told was awful oenoagh to soften, the hardest heart -even you, against whomn his sin was greatest, would have pitied the wretched belng, had you heard the story of his esuffer. suoeringe. . ' - , ' - "II Ipity Dan Lyong.l" She actually laughed as she stared in the priest's face, a laugh that was as wild as was a laugh within the cell of a maniac. "Yes you would," he cried angrily, and then she noted for theo first time the amoulder. ing fire iu his.deep-set eyes," you are not a rook or a .etono,-you.are a woman, and you. I must feel I ? , I! Ye' , I feel," Mrs. St. Herrlok exclaimed, "feel that-if -I could save Dan Lyons from eternal torture by lifting up miy finger I should out it off, leet I shoould lit iat in my sleep. Who are you who anske woman to pity her Shuband's murderer? ' - a "Listen yet," the priesitwent on, but both hiepallor and the'fire in hisoyeo.wers inten. e sifid as be saw the 'unforgiving passlon in the widow's face, "you'know. the man's sin Sbut you do not know ilt,punishment. There is not a'living being'butthe man who speaks to you now that k-owe:,what were the last words your husband epoke; Shall I tell them to you??' . 1 "Yes, tell them." a " They were those: ' If ybi leave me here to-day; as you see my fare now, you will see it at this hour every night Until you die your= I self, and your own death will hob worse than mine-aye'si hundred times '""' - i"ly husband said that ? " " ee; and the oree has been fulflled.' It, wasifter suiidown when' Dan L?yo left him= there to0die'alono In the collapsed claim, and ho did not'die until after midnight.! . i "How doyou know? Oh, my God; how do yOu know that my, darling suffered so Because fro fi Ieuntet to .midnight for nbarly` twelv awful yeros Colonel St. Her riek'e.fae i lbefore' Daa Lyuns' eyes. No matter where he goes, or how 'he. hides, it is there, always there. Seas have bien between hin and'the dead man's grave, but 'that face is clear and fresh as though the real face had not mouldered to'duet years ago. Oh, think of that wretehed man's misery and pity him now." Father James might have been pleading for himself so earnest, so craving, so pleading was his trembling tones. Withhis thin whitefin. gers claspedas in prayer, he bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity oh the far distant man who had blood on his hande I " Was it mypity he sentyou all those thou. sands of miles to ask?" the widow said with a sneer. " '- -? : "No, it waftfor your forgiveness, nndjin the name ef that Ohrist we both`worship give it to him I" "- - "Never; if mty own salvation was the for felt I should not forgive Dan Lyons I Go man, you are mocking mel How dare you ask a-widow to-.forgiveO the murderer of her husband." One moment yet, oh listen yet. Aholy man has.told that'wrethed man that the moment he receives your forgiveness he will 'cease to I be a haunted man-oh, for the meroy and charity and' pity ot Almighty God, forgive him . .. "You are madl" she cried, as she rose l and pointed to the door; "you are a mad. man and-I am a lone woman-go I I heard that you were ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you were a lunatic or I would not have. admitted you. I shall tell no one of this absurd visit, so you see I am meroiful, t though I-would not forgive a monster." He rose and faced her. - \- I am not mad," he said, "and I have t only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Once more is your answer no-you will not forgive -as you hope for forgiveness?" ' S"Never I Have I not said it? I- am a woman; but I could see Dan Lyons tortured t to death and rejoice in the eyes that -enabled I me to see itl': -. ` Father Jams -looked steadily into the ex-. oited woman'i'flashing eyes, a look' that -she never -forgot and: that punished her for her hard heart until the light of life left her own I eyes. ' \--"I have heard your, answor,--and now I listen to Dan Lyon's -words. - 'If she refuses, tell her that what she has suffered in'the past t shall be as nothing'to what :ashe shall suffer in the future-that I 'swear before highl heaven I'" ' If Dan had been swearing himself he could not have looked more terrible than that black. robed man I As he lifted -his thin- hand up with the. oath, hirs. St. Horrick fell back on her seat scathed by the terrible look in his I eyes, and Father James' went out alone, brushing the pale flowers of the garden with the skirts of his black coat and wiping his t feet on the threshold:anoone who leaves a curse behind him. i OHAPTEiR VI, N LE us suppose a gap. of two or three weeks t between the opening of this chapter and the r close of the last, and note a few of the "events f that had occurred doring those weeks. In the first place shaft. No. 9 in the gully had been cleared out, rigged'ivth navindlass and other di1ging gear, and a company of a four, formed as proprietors, though but two a of them were working partners. Of the four of course Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Oharlie 'Ellis, thefavorite b young trooper stationed at Malrranga, and a r young man named George- Olark, the son of a a farmer in the vicinity of-tho; township. In c claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing tho No. 1 workings had o been originally far more developed than any r other opened in the- gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the a murderer's displacement lof the, props to eof feet his purpose, fallen in almost from the surface, so that to aoable the mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of r elearingeout work had to be done. h While his brother Gonn. andgother engaged s men were occupied in this work,Father James a had been almost entirely confined to his room, b and no one could doubt his illness who looked li into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable 'man's -breast-a 1i warfare that Nora never once -was aware of or noticed, that Conn. saw but did-not quite understand,' but that: Lrs: .Brady 'watobhed d with a ikeen eye, and a' purpos deathly; and b vindictive. - - - ' 'He wandered' aroundi the" gardens ip the dusk of eveningse,avoiding his kind as thoughl the eight ol'a human face was hateful to him, i and= more' especially idid' the eight -'of his mother' att upon himmin the strangest man- p nor.- He would shudder it his eye met her's, a and turn awayhunrriedly sometimes, while e at others he-would moet'her look with one so a awful-so full of white, -threatenieg anger that she would hasten away with the fear otf t she dared soarcely think what in her-hard- o ened heart. In the dead hours of night, too, I there were sometimes heard shrieks as for merey, and shouts aeof triumph, and groans a as of a deathly agony, and when those of St. g Herrilk'a heard them they were wont to cover h their heads up in the bed.clothes, and Wait I for silence in fear and trembling; . " But 'St. Herrick's was far from another tl house, and no hint of these disturbances had I as yet leaked out for Nora, who was the, only f ignorant one of the family, was a heavy sleoper, and easily territed by a hint at ghosts so they had little trouble with her ; only. Tady,h ber lover, felt the troublesome effects of the ghost rumour, for Nora would not meet him alter dusk for all his bribes of ribbins and cheap jewelry, and he was work aing so hard in the day time that he could not snatch many moments to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's face. One brilliant morning, when the sun's rays were sparkling in the waters of Creek Robaen, like a rain of diamonds, and when every leaf and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness of the sweet dew, leonard Proessoer i mounted his horse and rode the short distance I betweenathe Msrranga Hotel and the Mar. i ranga Police. Station, HIs destination was the litter, foriduring the timeothat has Ie elapsed since I alosed my last 'chapter, 'Leonard had- formed a sinoere liking for young Trooper Ellis, who had by chance be. oome a partner in No. 2 claim with Leonard Prosser. As the yonng'Irishman rode up to the eta. tlon,'Charlio Ellis led his horse out from the stable by a side gate and brightly greeted his new friend, andif' one had called a parade of all the " mounted men" in Australia, they could not have picked out a cleaner- limbed, a bettor made, or a handsomer.faced member of the corps than Trooper Chbrlio Ellis. 'No one ever alled him "Ohawles." You' could not fancy such a thing, looking in. his bright, open, boyish face. He was Charlie with every one, and, as I have said before, a favourite with every one also. M'r y word, what akilling swellyouare this morning, Charlie I". saidLeonard, as he drew his horse up, "'whoever"gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial." S' Yes, Prosser, 'I flatter myself they're a good fit," said the young chap as he scanned his h?tdsmoe' limbs, "but as for being a swell, you meet remember that it is not ovary one who con??n afrd to dress as onralessly, as yourself." "Is that intended for a rap, Charlie?" .asked Leonard with a smile; "well, I believo I am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good enough for this occasion, oh?" '" You know I don't mean that, Presser i I mean that your app?1arance is always that of a gentlman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to be noticed at all." "Oh, smch apparent modesty I I thought you were above fishing for compliments, Elliste? I am certain that you know as well as every body else that there is not a handsomer young chap within miles." ' "I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders. I'm euocha little chap, Leonard." "Do you call five feet eight little?" " Well, yes, Ildo-for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet sir 'and a half." Leonard laughed pleasantly, and 'poor Charliae' face grew rosy as a girl's. S"That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, and so it is in,comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you areidisgusted with 'your own? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" ' " Would you really ?" "Yes; and ladies, espoeially tall ones," he added, with a sly glance at his companion as they rode away together, " always like men of medium size best." " "Hum-I hope it may prove so in this 'instance, for to toll you the truth as a friend, Presser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me." " My dear follow, yeou have my very best wishes," and thehands of the two youngmen were claspied, "and I think that as she is a young lady of taste there can be no doubt as to the result of your hopes." "Bat look at my position, Leonard. How. can I ask any girl brought up as she has been to become a policeman's wife? The very name is enough. If the' claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some chance."-' - "Let ?a hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if 'only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and have-no 'raving for anything beyond what my income will afford' me.' "Lucky fellow I" exolaimed Ellis, "and you have never fallen in love, yet?" !' In love? oh fifty times 1 I have been in love always ever sineo I' can remember until within the last few.-years. I think I must I haveo ued up all my allowance of what is called love in my school days, and so have none left for my years of discretion." "What is called love?" Charlie repeated. "Don't you believe in the feeling, then?" " I can't from persotial experience at least," replied Leonard; "for the feeling that did I duty fok love with me was so incoonstant that r it seldom lasted longer than until oironm- I stances brought me in contact with a new I face. But talking of the tender passion now, I there's an instance if you like in my friend t Tady Connor," and the speaker threw back ( his handsome head and laughed joyously. I "Is the d- fool in earnest ?" asked s Charlie, with disgust. ' -"In earnest? I should think so I He is thinking of ,Nora and nuggets from morning until night,;and from night until morning, e too, for he mutters ' me darlin asthoro i machree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he o is stringing nuggets to hang round her r ' boewobeful neck '-oh yes, he is in earnest- I quite I" t "Itidioulous I" cried the young trooper I almost angrily, "a man of his age and appear-. ance" ' " Be meroiful, my: dear young Adonis I" f returned Leonard with a smile that showed I his strong white teeth under his glossy s moustache; "must one be handsome to-have I a heart? I assure you that poor Tady has I one, and a warm and true one in spite of his i disproportionate shape and funny limbs." "I don't doubt all that, but at his years one might expect sense enough to hide any s ridiculous exhibitions of his folly." "I'm afraid Tady does not think saull eiently of appearances," responded Leonard with-gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's 'cords.'" "In one sense ha does, quite enough, I retorted the young "bobby" with' some beat; "I'm sure when he deons' that blue I suit with the brass buttons his airs of con. i soions self.appreciation are sickeningl and besides how can he feel anything for a girl like that ? " "Is Mfiss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveable as poor Tady imagines her then? I You know I have never seen her." " Nora Brady is a lump'of asirl without, I' do believe, one ounce'"of-braind. I don't believe I ever saw in my-life a creature so unutterably stupid and animal-like as she." S" Sio is no favorite:then, Charlie? "' "Not of 'mine; and I dotest the 'vhole I family I" ' ' \- Leonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper 1 and an unexeitable temperament, to him the ( strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was w a matter of.surprise. " ' "I had business at St. Herrlok's one day," s the young trooper went on, '"and had an I opportunity ,of' seeing something of these Brady's. Mrs. Brady espeoially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and It there was I any underhand and hidden law.breaking 1 going on in Marranga, I should beinolined to look for 'a oluo to it under tho root of St. 1 Herrick's." ' S"Talking of St. Herrick'e, that was a sad r thing'about 'Colonel St. Borridk's murder, 1 Now if I were a policeman I think I should I feel deeply interested in that orime, onpecially i stationed bohere onnath spot."' (To bIe continued.) 