PJSAJSTOM FORTUNE. By MISS BRADDON, Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Taken at the Flood,' ' A Strange World,' ' Dead Men's Shoes,' ' Weavers and Weft,' ' Just Ab I Am,'&c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Crr after XLI.— 'That Fell Arrest, Without all Bail.' It was the beginning of August before Lesbia was pronounced equal to the fatigue of a long journey ; and even then it was but the shadow of her former self which returned to Fellside, the pale spectre of joys departed, of trust deceived. Maulevrier had been very good to her, patient, unselfish as a woman in bis minister ini» to the broken-hearted eirL That broken heart would be whole again no doubt in the future, as many other broken hearts have been ; but the grief, the despair, the sense of hopelessness and aimlessness in life were very real in the present. If the picturesque seclu sion of Fellside bad seemed dull and joyless to Lesbia in days gone by, it was much duller to her now. She was shocked at the change in her grandmother, and she showed a good deal of feeling and affection in her intercourse with the invalid, but once out of her presence Lady Maulevrier was forgotten, and Lssbia'd thoughts drifted back into the old current. They dwelt obstinately, unceasingly upon Montesma, the man whose influence had awakened the slumbering soul from its torpor, had stirred the deeps of a passionate nature. Slave- dealer, gambler, adventurer, liar— his name blackened by the suspicion of a still darker crime. She shuddered at the thought of the villian from whose snare she bad been reserved, and yet his image as he bad been to her in the brief golden time when she believed him noble, and chivalrous, and true, haunted her lonely days, mixed itself in her troubled dreams, came between her and every other thought. Everybody was good to her. That pale and joyless face— that look of patent hopeless suffering, which she tried to disguise every dow and then with a faint forced smile, and silvery little ripple of society laughter— seemed unconsciously to implore pity and pardon. Lady Maulevrier uttered no word of re proach. ''My dearest, fate has not been kind to yon,' she said gently, after telling Lesbia of Lady Kirkbank's visit. ' The handsomest women are seldom the happiest. Destiny seems to have a grudge against them. Ai-d if things have gone amiss it is I who am most to blame. I ought never to have entrusted you with such a woman as Georgina Kirkbank. But you will be hap pier next season, I hope, dearest. You can live with Mary and Hartfield. They will take care of you.' Lesbia shuddered. 'Do you think I am going back to the society treadmill?' she exclaimed. 'No, I have done with the world. I shall end my days here— or In a convent.' 'Yon think so now, dear; but you will change your mind by and by. A fancy that has lasted only a few weeks cannot alter your life. It will pass as other dreams have passed at your age. You have the future be fore you.' 'No, it is the past that is always before me,' answered Lesbia. 'My future is a blank. The bills came pouring In— dressmaker, milliner, glover, bootmaker, tailor, stationer, perfumer— awful bills, which made Lady Maulevrier's blood run cold, so degrading was their story of selfish self-indulgence, of sense less extravagance. But she paid them all without a word. She took upon her shoulders the chief burden of Lesbla'a wrong-doing. It was her indulgence, her weak preference, which had fostered her granddaughter's selfishness, trained her to vanity and worldly pride. The result was ignominious, humiliating, bitter beyond all common bitter ness ; but the cup was of her own brewing, and she drank it without a murmur. Parliament was prorogued, the season was over, and Lord Hartfield was established at Fellside for the autumn— ho and his wife utterly happy in their affection for each other, but not without care as to their sur roundings, which were full of trouble. First there waB Lesbi&'s sorrow. Granted that it was a grief which would inevitably wear itself out, as other such griefs have done, fiom time immemorial; bat still the sorrow was there, at their doors. Next, there was the state of Lady Maulevrier's health, which gave her old medical adviser the gravest fears. At Lord Hartfield's earnest desire a famous doctor was summoned from London, but the great man could only confirm Mr. Horton's verdict. The thread of life was wearing thinner every day. It might snap at any hour. In the meantime the only regimen was rcposo of body and mind, an allper vading tcalm, the avoidance of all exciting topics. One moment of violent agitation might prove fata). Knowing this, how could Lord Hartfield call her ladyship to account for the presence of that mysterious old man under Steadman's charge— how venture to touch upon a topic which, by Mary's showing, had exercised a most disturbing influence upon her ladyship's mmd, on that solitary occasion when the girl ventured to approach the subject ? ±ie lelt that any attempt at an explanation was impossible. It was not for him to pre cipitate Lady Maulevrier's end by prying into her secrets. Granted that shams and dishonor of some kind were involved in the existence of that strange old man, he (Lord Hartfield) must endure his portion in that -Jai?e~mUBt be content to leave the dark riddle unsolved. He resigned himself to this state of things, and tried to forget the cloud that hung over the house of Haselden ; but the sense of a mystery, a fatal family secret, which must come to light sooner or later— since all such secrets are known at hist— known, sifted and bandied about from lip to lip, and published in a thousand different newspapers, and cried aloud in the streets— the sense of such a secret, the dread of such a revelation weighed upon him heavily. Maulevrier, the restless, was off to Argyle Bbwe for the grouse shooting as soon as he bad deposited Lady Lesbia comfortably at Fellside. ' I should only be in tout way if I stopped,' he taid, ' for you and Molly have hardly got over the honeymoon stage yet, though you put on the airs of Darby and Joan. I shall be back in a week or ten days.' , ' fn Lady Maulevrier'n state of health I don 1 1 hmk you ought to stay away very long,' taio Hartfield. ' Poor Lady Maulevrier. She never cared much for me, don't you know. But I suppose it would eerm unkind if I were to be out of the wey when the end comes. The end -good Heavens ! how coolly I talk of it ; and a year ago I thought she was as immortal as Fairfield yoi der.' He went away, his spirits dashed by that awful thought of death ; and Lard and L»dy Hartfield had the house to themselves, eince Lesbia hardly counted. She seldom left her own rooms, except to sit with her grand mother for an hoar. She lay on her sofa -^oe pat in alow arm-chair by the window reading Keats or Shelley — or only dreaming — dread- ing over the brief golden time of her life, with its fond delusions, its false brightness Me llcrton went to see her every day — felt the feeble little pulse which seemed hardly to have force enough to beat — ur^cd her to struggle against apathy and inertia, to walk a little, to go for a long drive every day, to live in the open air — to which instructions she paid not the slightest attention. The desire for life was gone. Disappointed in her ambition, betrayed in her love, humilitated, duped, un graded— a social failure. What had she to live for ? She felt as if it would have been a good thing, quite the best thing that cout i happen, if she could turn her face to the wall and die. All that past season— iw triumphs, its pleasures, its varieties, was lino a garish dream, a horror to look back upoa, hateful to remember. In vain did Mary and Hartfield urge Lesbia to join in their simple pleasures, their walks and rides and drives and boating excursions, never going very far afield on account of Lady Maulevrier. She always refused. ' You know- 1 never cared much for roam ing about these everlasting hills,' sho told Mary. ' I never bad your passion for Lake land. It is very pood of you to wish to have me ; but it is quite impossible. I have hardly strength enough for a little walk in the garden.' 'You would have more strength if you went out more,' pleaded Mary, almost with tears. ' Mr. Horton says sun and wind aro the best doctors for you. Lesbia, sou frighten me sometime*. You are just letting yourself fade away.' 'If jou knew how I hate the world and the sky, Mary, you wouldn't urge me to go out of doors,' Lesbia answered moodily. ' In doors I can read, and get away from my own thoughts somehow for a little while. Bat out yonder, face to face with the hills and the lake — the scenes I have known all my life — I feel a heart- sickness that is worse than death. To see that old, old picture of mountain and water, the same for ever and ever, no matter what hearts arc breaking.' Mary crept close beside her sister's couch, put her arm round her neck, laid her cheek — rich in the ruddy bloom of health— against Lesbit's pallid and sunken cheek, and comforted her as much as she could with tender murmeis and lov icg hisses. Other comfort she could give none. All the wisdom in the world will not cure a girl's heart-sickness when she has flung away the treasures of her love upon a worth Ices object. And eo the days went by, peacefully, but sadly, for the shadow of doom hung heavily over the house upon the Fell. Nobody who locked upon Lady Maulevrier could doubt that her days were numbered, that the oil waa waxing low in the lamp of life. The end, the awful, Mysterious end, was drawing near; and the who was called was making no such preparations as the Christian makes to answer the dread summons. As she had lived, she meant to die— 3n avowed unbe liever. More! than once Mary had taken courage, and had talked to her grandmother of the world beyond, the blessed hope of re union with the friends we havs lost, in a new bed brighter life, only to be met by the sceptic's cynical smile, the materialist's barren creed. ' My dearest, we know nothing except the immutable laws of material life. All the rest is a dream— a beautiful dream, if you like— a consolation to that kind of temperament which can take comfort from dreams; but for any one who has read much and thought much, and kept as far as possible on a level with tha scientific intellect of the age— for tuch an one, Mary, these old fables are too idle. I shall die as I have lived, my dear, the victim of an inscrutable destiny, working blindly, evil to some, good to others, Ah ! Jove, life has begun very fairly for you. May the fates be kind always to my gentle and loving girl.' There was more talk between them on this dark mystery of life and death. Mary brought out her poor little arguments, glori fied by the light of perfect faith, but they were of no avail against opinions which had been the gradual growth of a long and joyless life. Time had attuned Lady Maulevrier's micd to the gospel of Schopenhauer and the Pessimists, and she was contented to see the mystery of life as they had seen it. She had tjo fear, but she held Borne anxiety as to the things that were to happen after she was gone. She had taken upon herself a heavy burden, and she had not jet come to the en-i Of the ioad, where her burden might be laid quietly down, her task accomplished. If she fell by the wayside under her load the con sequences for the survivors might be full of trouble. Her anxieties were increased by the fact that her faithful servant and adviser, James Steadman, waa no longer the man he had been. The change in him was painfully evi dent—memory failing, energy gone. He came to his mistress's room every morning, received her orders, answered her questions ; but Lady Maulevrier felt that he went through the old duties in a mechanical way, and that his dull brain but half understood their importance. One evening &t; du-.k, just as Hartfield and Mary were leaving Lady Maulevrier's room after dinner, an appalling shriek rang through the house— a cry almost as terrible as that which Lord Hartfield heard in the summer midtight just a year ago. But this time the sound came from the old part of the house. 'Something has happened,' exclaimed Hartfield, rushing to the door of communi cation. It was bolted inside. He knocked vehe mently, but there was no answer. He ran downstairs, followed by Mary, breathless, atd in an agony of fear. Just as they ap proached the lower door, leading to the old bouse, it was flung open, and Stead' man's wife stood before them, pale with terror. ' The doctor,' she cried. ' Send for Mr. Horton, somebody, for God's sake. Oh, my lord,' with a sudden burst of cobbing, ' I'm afraid he's dead.' 'Mary, dispatch some one for Horton,'' said Lord Hartfield. Keeping his wife back with one hand, he closed the door against her, and then fol lowed Mrs. Steadman through the long low corridor to her husband's sitting-room. James Steadman was lying upon his back upon the hearth, near the spot where Lord Hartfield had seen him sleeping in his arm chair a month ago. One look at the distorted face, dark with injected blood, the dreadful glassy glare of the eyes, the foam-stained lips, told that all was over. The faithful servant had died at his post. Whatever hia charge had been, his term of service was ended. There was a vacancy in Lady Maulevrier's household. Chapter XLII.— The Day of Reckoning. Lord Hartfield stayed with the frightened wife while she knelt beside that awful figure on the hearth, wringing her hands with piteous bewailings and lamentations over the unconscious clay. He had always been a good husband to her, she murmured, hard and stern perhaps, but a good man. And Bbe bad obeyed him without a question. Whatever he did or said she had counted right. ?' We have not had a happy life, though there are aiany who have envied us her lady ship's favor,' she said in the midst of her lamentations. 'No one knows where the shoe pinches but those who have to wear it. Poor James ! Early and late, early and late, studying her ladyship's interest, caring and thinking in order to keep trouble away from her. Always on the watch, always on the listen. That's what wore him out, poor fellow.' ' My good soul, your husband was an old man,' argued Lord Hartfield, in a consolatory tone, ' and the end must cosie to all of us somehow.' ' He might have lived to be a much older man if he had had less worry,' said the wife, bending her face to kiss the cold dead brow. 'His days were full of care. We should have been happier in the poorest cottage in GrftBmere than we ever were in this big grand house.' Thus, in broken fragments of speech, Mrs. Steadman lamented over her dead, while the heavy pendulum of the eight-day clock in the hall sounded the slowly-passing moments, until the coming of the doctor broke upon the quiet of the house, with the noise of opening doors and approaching footsteps. James Steadman was dead. Medicine could do nothing for that lifeless clay, lying on the hearth by which he had sat on so many winter nights, for so many years of faithful, unquestioning service. There was nothing to be done for that stiffening f orm^save the last offices for the dead, and Lord Hartfield left Mr. Horton to arrange with the weeping womanastothedoingofthese. He was anxious go to Lady Maulevrier, to break to her, as to gently as might be, the news of her servant's death. And what of that strange old man in the upper rooms? Who was to attend upon him now that the caretaker was laid low? While Lord Hartfield lingered on the thresh hold of the door that led from the old house to the new, pondering this question, there came the sound of wheels on the carriage drive, acd then a loud ring at the hall door. It was Maulevrier, just arrived from Scot 1bl-3, smelling of autumn rain and cool fresh air. ' Dreadfully bored on the moors,' he said, as they bhook hands. ' No birds- nobody to talk to— conldn'c stand it any longer. How are the risters ? Lesbia better? Why, man alive, bow queer ycu look ! Nothing amLw, I hope?' r-\;t= ORIGINAL, ' Yet, tfcere is something very much amiss. Steadman is dead!' ' Steadman T S?r ladjehipV right hand. That's rather bad. But -ou will oVfp into his stewardship. She'll tru9t your lonfc' haad, I know. Much hetter that she should Ook to her granddaughter's husband for advice in all business matters than 10 a servant. Wflencud it happen ?' ''Halt an hour ago. I was just going to Lady Maulevrier's room when you rang the belL Take off your inverse 33 aad come with me.' ? 'The poor grandmother,' muttered Maulevrier. ' I'm afraid it will be a blow.' He had much less cause for fear than Lard Hartfield, who knew of deep and secret reasons why Steadman's death should be a calamity of dire import for his mistress. Maulevrier had been told nothing of that scene with the strange old man— the hidden treasures— the Anglo-Indian phrases — which had filled Lord Hartfield'd mind with tho darkest doubts. If that half-lunatic old man, described by Lady Maulevrier as a kinsman of Steadman'u, were verily the person Lord Hartfield be lieved, his presence under that roof un guarded by a trustworthy attendant was fraught with danger. It would be for Lsdy Maulevrier — helpless, a prisoner to her sofa, at death's door — to face that danger. The very thought of it might kill her. And yet it was imperative that the truth should be told her without delay. The two young men went to her ladyship's sitting-room. She was alone, a volume of her favorite Schopenhauer open before her, under the light of the shaded reading-lamp. Sorry comfort in the hour of trouble. Maulevrier went over to her and kissed hsr, and then dropped silently into a chair near at hand, his face in shadow. Hartfield seated himself nearer tho scfa and nearer this lamp. , 'Dear Lady Maulevrier, I have come to tell you some very bad news ? ' ' Lesbia ?' exclaimed her ladyship, with a frightened look. 'No, there is nothing wrong with Lesbia. It is about your old servant, Steadman.' 'Dead?' faltered Lady Maulevrier, ashy pale, as she looked at him In the lamplight. Be bent his head affirmatively. ' Yes. He was seized with apoplexy— fell from his chair to the hearth, and never spoke or stirred again.' Lady Maulevrier uttered no word of sorrow or burprise. She lay, looking straight before her into vacancy, the pale attenuated features rigid as if they had been marb'.e. What was to be done — what must be told — whom could ehe trust ? Those were the questions repeat ing themselves in her mind as she stared into j-pace. And to answer came to them. No answer came, except the opening of the door opposite her couch. The handle turned elowly, hesitatingly, as if moved by a feeble hand ; and then the door was pushed slowly open, and an old man came with shuffling footsteps towards the one lighted spot in the middle of the room. It waB the old man Lord Hartfield had last teen gloating over his treasury of gold and jewels — the man whom Maulevrier had never seen — whose existence for forty years had been hidden from every creature in that house, except Lady Maulevrier and the Stead mans, until Mary found her way into the old garden. He came close up to the little table in front of Lady Maulevrier's couch, and looked dov. n at her — a strange uncanny being, w itheied and bent, with pale faded eyes, in which there was a glimmer of unholy light. ' Good evening to you, Lady Maulevrier,' he said in a mocking voice. ' I shouldn't have known you if we had met anywhere else. I think of the two of us you are more changed than I.' She looked up at him, her features quiver Ing, her haughty head drawn back, as a bird shrinks from the gaze of a snake — recoiling, but too fascinated to fly. Her eyes met his with a look of unutterable horror. For some moments she was speechless, and then, look ing at Lord Hartfield, she said piteously— 'Why did you let him come here? He ought to be taken care of— shut up. It is Steadman's old uncle — a lunatic — whom I sheltered. Why is he allowed to come to my room ?' 'I am Lord Maulevrier,' said the old man, drawing himself up and planting his crutch stick upon the floor, ' I am Lord Maulevrier, and this woman is my wife. Yes, I am mad Btmetimes, but notalwaya, I have my bad fits, but not often. But I never forget who and what I am — Algernon, Earl of Alaulev rier, Governor of Madras.' ' Lady Maulevrier, is this horrible thing true ?'' cried her grandson, vehemently. 'He is mad, Maulevrier. Don't you see that be is maa?' ehe exclaimed, looking from Harifield to her grandson, and then with a loik of loathing and horror at her accuser. ' ' I tell you, young man, I am Maulevrier,' said the accuser. ' There is no one else who has a right to be called by that name, while I live. They have shut me up -she and her accomplice — denied my name — hidden me from the world. He is dead, and she lies there— stricken for her sins.' 'My grandfather died at the inn at Great Lacpdale,' faltered Maulevrier. 'Ycur grandfather was brought to this hoiur; — ill — out of bis wits. All cloud and daiksets here,' said the old man, touching hit, forehead. ' Ho w long has it been ? Who can tell? A weary time— long dark nights, full of ghosts. Yes, I have seen him — the rajah, that copper-faced scoundrel — seen him as she told me he looked when she gave the signal to her slaves to strangle him, there in the hall, where the grave was dug ready for the traitor's carcase. She, too— jes, she has haunted me, calling upon me to give up her treasure, to restore her son.' 'Yes,' cried the paralytic woman, sud denly lifted out of herself, as it were, in a paroxysm of fury, every feature convulsed, every nerve strained to its utmost tension, 'yes, this is Lord Maulevrier. You have heard the truth, and from his own lips. You, his only son's only son. You, his grand* daughter's husband, You hear him avoir himself the instigator of a diabolical murder ; you hear him confess how his paramour's husband was strangled at his false wife's bidding, in his own palace, buried under the Moorish pavement in the hall of many arches. You hear how he inherited the Rajah's treasures from a mistress who died strangely, swiftly, conveniently, so soon as he had wearied of her, and a new favorite had begun lo exercise her influence. Such things are done in the East— dynasties annihilated, kingdoms overthrown, poison or bowstring used at will to gratify a profligate's passion, or pay for a spendthrift's extravagances. Such things were done when that man was Governor of Madras as were never done by an Englishman in India before his time. He went there fettered by no prejudices — he was more Mussulman than the Mussulmen themselves — a deeper, darker traitor. And it was to hide crimes such as these— to interpose the great peace maker death between him and the Govern ment, which was resolved upon punishing him— to save the honor, the fortune of my son, and the children who were to come after him — the name of a noble race — a name that was ever stainless until he defiled it — it was for this great end I took steps to hide that feeble useless life of bis from the world he had offended. I screened him from his enemies — I saved him from the ignominy of a public trial— from the execration of his countrymen. His only punishment was to eat his heart under this roof, in luxurious seclusion, his comfort studied, his wbims gratified so far as they could be by the most taitbful of servants. A light penance for the dark infamies of his life in India, I think. His mind was all but gone when he came here, but he had his rational intervals, and in these the burden of his lonely life maj have weighed heavily upon him, but it was cot such a heavy burden as I have borne— I, his gaoler — I who have devoted my existence to the one task of guarding the family honor.' He whom she thus acknowledged as her husband had sunk exhausted into a chair near her. He took out his gold snuff-box, and refreshed himself with a leisurely pinch of snuff, looking about him curiously all the while with a senile grin. That flash of pas sion which for a few minutes had restored him to the full possession of his reason had burnt itself out, and his mind had relapsed into the condition in which it had been when he talked to Mary in the garden. ' My pipe, Steadman,' he said, looking to wards the door, ' bring me my pipe,' and tben, impatiently, 'What has become of Steadman ? He has been getting inattentive — very inattentive.' He got up, and moved slowly to the door, leaning on his crutch-stick, his head sunk upon his breast, mattering to himself as he went ; and thus he vanished from them, like the spectre of some terrible ancestor which had returned from the grave to announce the coming of calamity to a doomed race. His grandson looked after him, with an. expres sion of intense displeasure. , 'And so, Lady Maulevrier, he exclaimed, turning to his grandmother, ' I have borne a title that never belonged to me, and enjoyed the possession of another man's estates all this time, thanks to your pretty little plot. A very respectable position for your grandson to occupy, upon my life.' Lord Hartfield lifted his hand with a warning gesture. . . ' Sparo her,' he said. ' She is in no con dition to endure your reproaches. Spare her— yes. Fate had not spared her. The beautiful face— beautiful even in age and decay-changed suddenly as Bhe looked at them— the month became distorted, the eye* fixed ; and tben the heavy head fell back upon the pillow — the paralysed form, wholly paraljsed now, lay like a thing of stone. Is never moved again. Consuiouanead wn blotted out for ever in that moment. Tae feeble pulses of heart and brain throbbed viitb graduaUT-diininuhicg power for a t-i*\ih. and a day ; and in the twilight of that ar«*4 ful 0»y of nothingness vhe Lust glimmer of the light died in the lamp, and Lady M.»ulevrW and tho burden of her sin were bsjtmi tha veiL VisccuLt Haselden, allis LarJ M^ilevrl-r, held a long consultation with Lord H*n,fiel-l en tie night of his grandmother's death, ft* to what steps ought to betaken ia reUcicm t» the real Earl of Maulevrier, and it was o;tfy at the end of a serious and earnest discosiiatf that both ' young men came to the decision that Lady Maulevrier's secret ought to be kept faithfully to the end. A -mured iy ni» good purpose could be achieved by letting tha world know old Lord Maulevrier'd existence. A half lunatio octogenarian could gaia liOtbivg by being restored to rights and po&teotions; which he had most j tistly forfeited. All that justice demanded was chat the closing j eat* of his life should be made as comfort able as care and wealth could make them ; and Hait field and Hafelden took immediate steps to this end. But their first act was to send the old earl's treasure chest under safe convoy 10 the India House, with a letter explaining how this long-hidden wealth, brought from India by Lord Maulevrier, had been dis covered among other effects in a lumber-room at Lady Maulevrier's country house. The money eo delivered up might possibly have formed part of hifl lordship's private fortune ; but, in the absence of any knowledge aa to its origin, his grandson, the present Lord Maulevrier, preferred to deliver it np to the authorities of the India House, to be dealt with as they might think fit. The old earl made no farther attempt to assert himself. He seemed content to remaia ia his own rooms as of old, to potter atuue the garden, where his solitude was as com plete as that of a hermit's cell. Tae only moan be made was for James Steadmau, whose services he missed sorely. Lord Hart field replaced that devoted servant by a clever Austrian valet — a new importation from Vienna, who understood very little Eng'ish— a . trained attendant upon mental invalids, and who was quite capable of dealing with old Lord Maulevrier. Lord Hartfield went a step further, and within a week of those two funerals of servant and mistress, which cast a gloom over the peaceful valley of Grasmere, he brought down a famous mad doctor to diagnose his lordship's case. There was but little risk ia so doing, he argued with his friend, and it was their duty eo to do. If the old man shonld assert himself to the doctor as Lori Maulevrier the declaration would pass as a symptom of his lunacy. But it happened that the physician arrived at Fellside on one of Lcrd Maulevrier's bad days, and the patient never emerged from the feeblest phase of imbecility. ' Brain quite gpne,'prononnced the doctor, ' bodily health very poor. Take him to the South of France for the winter — Hyeres, or any quiet place. He can't last long.' To Hyeres the old man was taken, with mvi, Stesdman as nurse and the Austrian valet as body-eervant and keeper. Mary, for whom in his brighter hours he showed a warm affection, went with him under her husband'd wing. Lord Hartfield rented a chateau on the slope Of an olive-clad hill, where he and hia young wife, whose health was somewhat deli cate at this time, spent a winter in peaceful seclusion; while Lesbia and her brother travelled together in Italy. The old man's strength improved in that lovely climate. Ha lived to see the roses and orange blossoms of the early spring, and died in his armchair suddenly, without a pang, while Mary sat at his feet reading to him— a quiet end of an evil and troubled life. Ana now he whom xhe world had known as Lord Maulevrier wai verily the earl, and could hear himself called by his title once more without a touch of shame. The secret of Lady Maulevrier's sin had been so faithfully kept by the two young men that neither cf her granddaughters knet? the true8tory of that mysterious person whstn Mary had first heard of as James Sceaimaa's uncle. SheAndLesblaboth knew that there were painful circumstances of some kind connected with this man's existence— his hidden life jin the old house at Fellside— but they were both content to learn no more. Respect for their grandmother's memory, sorrowful affection for the dead, prevailed over natural curiosity. Early in February Maulevrier sent deco rators and upholsterers into the old house ia Cnrzon-street, which was ready before the middle of May to receive his lordship and hit young wife, the girlish daughter of a grand old Florentine family, a gazelle-eyed Italian, with a voice whose every tone was music, and with the gentlest, shyest, most engaging manners of any girl ia Florence. Lady Lesbia, strangely subdued and changed by the griefs and humiliations of her last campaign, had been her brother's counsellor and contiuante throughout his wooing of his fair Italian bride. She was to spend tie t. sfon ur der her brother's roof, to help to irjiti&te; joupg Lady Maulevrier in the lujfeterious rites of London society, and to warn her of those rocks and shoals which had metked her own fortunes. The month of May brought a son and heir to Lord Hartfield ; and it was not till after his birth that Mary, Countess of Hartfield, was presented to her sovereign, and began her career as a matron of rank and standing, very much overpowered by the weight of her honors, and looking forward with delight to the end of the season and a flight to Argyle &hire; with her husband and baby. The End. , 