A GLORIOUS FORTONE. BY WALTER BESANT. Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of .AMen," and joint author of "The Golden Butterfly," etc. (Continued.) I"'I'm a peaceful man," he contiued, re peatiiig himself as usual; "yet if I had come across the Colonel after he stole my money, I'd have shot him. Yes, if 1 hanged for it. Seems now as if I don't care much about it any more. I never had any money before I found that roll of notes in the empty cabin, and I'm no worse off than I was then. P'raps I shall go back to Oregon, and live in the cabin again by myself when I've seen the little maid. It's quiet living all by yourself. When you go about in gangs there's no such"thing as getting an hour's quiet; and a peaceful man loves to be quiet. Lord I if you'd hoard the language I had to hear every' day, you'd like a few years' quiet. No ; I don't care so much about the money, and of course the Colonel has lost it all by this time." ' You.want to see your daughter. I will help you, buton conditions. First, I must tell you that I ant going to marry her." ,'ou are going to marry my little maid,?" He stared in great amazement. " Why, she can't --" ' Iam sure," said George, "that she hIad not remained a baby in arms for nine teen years. Yes; I am going to marry her. , And it seems to me that the-sooner I do it the better." '." Well, sir, it's real friendly of you, and I hope she'll make a good wife, and that you '1 treat her kindly. But I do assure you, sir, that it is not my wish nor my intention to disgrace my daughter by staying at home. No, sir, a clerk I was once, with three pound a week, and there fore : a gentleman. But I've had that kiooked out of me long ago, and now I'm only aicommon loafer and tramp, except .when'I'm on my clearin' in Oregon, and the whisky-bottle's most always too much for mn. She sha'n't blush for her father, sir: Not after the first go-off, after I've had to own up. Tell me, sir, does she t'hinkunmch about the Fortune Does she want money sent home to her to keep up her position like her poor mother 7" " "No, she does not. She believes-or did' believe until the other day-that you are dead, and your Fortune all lost, or fallen into wrong lhands. The loss of what she did not expect will certainly not grieve her much-not half so much as. to learn that her father, of whom she has learnt to think so tenderly, is a man who -findis a whisky-bottle most always too' imvoh for him." The man hung his head like a school boy receiving reproof. " Yes," he said, "I mustn't stay at honne. That's a fact. Can't I go over this morning and have it out with her, and go away again 7" " .No," George replied with energy, "you cannot. It is one of the conditions 1 make with you. You are to stay here quietly, for a week if necessary ; you must not go out unless I go with you. You must not make any attempt at. all to speak with her. Do you promise 7" 'The' man hesitated. " If you will not," said George, "I will inake you put on again those disgraceful clothes-I will give you a bottle of whisky and'tuin you into the road ; you can then drink yourself blind drunk, and stagger off to find your daughter, -and make her have you marched off to the station as a drunken vagabond. The man shuddered and trembled. V l'will do," he replied, "whatever you tell me." "Very well, then. Stay at home - here-until I come back. You may smoke a pipe all day long if you like, but there is no drink. Do you promise ?" S"Yes, sir; I will do what you order. I wouldn't shame the little maid." "Verygood. But just tell me what you;did it for. What was the good of deceiving her about your success 7" *" Well, now"-he had grafted a kind of American drawl upon a full and rich cockney twang, the result of which gave a peculiar flavour to his speech-" well, now," he said slowly, "put it to yourself. Here's a child at home taught to believe her father a lazy and idle fellow with no smartness. Her mother taught her that, likely. Here's a father a good many miles away who wants that child to stick out her chin like girls who have pride in their-parents, as some do, not only in Stamford Hill, but also Tottenham, and .many other places. Nothin' makes a girl proud and haughty, and therefore happy, as being sure she's got a great and noble father. I remember them in church on a Ssnday morning, their father being perhaps an alderman, and perhaps a comnion-councilman. What does that father do? Twice a year he borrows a sheet of paper, and on the Sabbath when the rest are asleep or playin' monty, he sits and writes to that daughter letters which shall make her proud and happy. Do you call that, sir, doin' of a parent's duty, or do you not ?" SGeorge did a very unusual thing that morning. Be asked for a week's holiday, and was granted it. He began his week by a very busy and important morning. First, he had a long conference with Mr. Richard Ambler, in which many things of interest were con aidered and action resolved upon '"Remember,' said the solicitor, "you have to protect Milly against the real man as'well as against the pretender. And suppose the real man wants to sell her houses and pocket the money I" '?He will not," said George. "I do not know. Perhaps he will not be tempted. As for Reginald, leave him to me.' Professor of Astronomy indeed I But what is the use of fooling poor Reginald? And tothink that not one of us susliected the fellow I! Now go, and lose notime. We have the rogue safe enough, but I do not know yet if we can proceed against him criminally." "At all events, he stole the notes." S"Yes, yes, but it was in Oregon, and perhaps they might ask to whom these notes belonged; on the whole, it is a tangled business. He has attempted todefraudin instructing me to sell the property,'but in doing this he injures not me nor his daughter, but the rightful owner', who is this mam, Montoro himself, and from your account I should say he would not be a likely man to become a prosecutor or give good evidence." " The limpest weed of a man you ever saw," said George. SIn the evening George came home. His pnrisoner had been asleep most of the day, and had obediently kept within the house. "Very good." said George, "I will now reward you." He took him out, and walked in the direotion of Veritas Villa. At this time, in these'summer evenings, the Discoverer's family were generally in the garden play ing lawn-tennis. This evening they were alt on the lawn together, Milly with them, playing. There was only a low wooden paling over which one could easily look without the appearance of curiosity or impertinence. "There," said George, "is your daugh ter. Not the little girl with the glasses; she is only fifteen, and Mr. Ambler's daughter. The taller girl. Look at her well In a day or two you shall speak to her." The man looked his best. When George, a few minutes later, drew him away, the tears were running down his face. " I see," said George, "that your story istrue. 'You are really Milly's father. But I was certain of it from the begin ning,'T O IoAPTEmR VII. .TILL TO.OBnaOW. The next morning George greatly astonished the inhabitants of Verltas Villa by paying them a visit in the morn. ing, a thing never known before. He explained that, as he had a holiday, he thought he would just look round and see them. His cousin Reginald was in the map-room ? He would go there. He found the Discoverer, aided by i Copernica, spectacles on nose, busily engaged in cataloguing books,. looking through lettere, rolling up maps, and between these labours making notes for that great inaugural lecture which was to revolutionise astronomical research, in America first, and the old world next: It was already a voluminous mass of notes-the - Philosopher belonging to the school which thinks that the longer they make their utterances the more likely they are to be listened to. In the same way the scholars of the Renaissance uised to believe thdt the bigger their' books the more certain would be their immortality. And there are not wanting poets of' this very century who belieive that the more they write the better they will be loved and preserved, and their memory kept green. As for novelists, they do not count, because nobody ever supposes .that "a picture of life can be thought worthy of preservation-lucky those who get read by their own genera tion. "Come in, come in, George," cried Reginald cheerily. "Here we are, hard at work-hard at work. 1 expect we shall have to sail in a week or two-as soon that is as we cmn sell off our sticks and get rid of the house. I am writing my inaugural lecture. This, George," he added with great seriousness, "is the most important piece of work, I am con vinced, that I have ever yet been called upon to do. In it Ihave to strike a note, such a note as shall be at one can alarm and a messsge of, truth, and an coho'.' he did not explain how an alarm could be all these-'" yes, and shall re-echo through the length and breadth of the land, from the North Pole to the-to the mysterious ice caverns of the Outer Rim A college class, George, is a very se ous thing, it is a sacred thing. I may r riard my own as a collection of empty veg ele waiting to be-filled, or as so many canals which have to irrigate a thirsty country, or as so many springs of truth. 'Ought we not, myself -and Copernica, who shall bhe my assistant lecturer, to consider our selves as .instruments appointed, for the spreading of the truth, or even prophets ?'.' Copernica blushed and gasped, and adjusted her glasses. " Ought we not, I say----" "You certainly ought," George replied, rudely interrupting. "But, Reginald-I wille not-: stop your work many minutes- are you quite sure that it is wise to build upon this offer, to:- jump at the conclusion that you ought to accept it, to be so certain of doing ?" " Why, George," the Discoverer smiled, "as regards the wisdom of the step, I may he :allowed to be the beat judge i as regards the certainty of going, I have already accepted the offer-" "Yes, yes; but, Reginald, are- you quite sure"-- here George looked confused -" that it is a genuine offer." "Genuine offer I What do you mean, George ? The offer is made by Mr. Montoro himself-by Milly's own father Surely I can trust Milly's father?" " Yes, I believe you can trust Milly's father." ': George'could nbt help saying this. " When he offers me such a post, what can I do but accept with gratitude ?" "Why," George replied, "it is un gracious to look at a gift horse in the mouth, but I .think, if I were you, I would first find out where the college is." " It is in Nevada, near the City of Colorado.- I-know where it is." "In Nevada. Yes, yes. That is a long way off. Would it not be prudent first to get the prospectus, papers, calendar, or whatever the college has got to prove its existence ?" "Now, George." Mr. Ambler was really annoyed at this appearance of dis trust. ' In Milly's father's hands I am quite safe. ' He is bound to us,' he kindly says, ' by bonds of gratitude,' though Heaven knows Milly has done ten times as much for us as we have done for. her. It is all quite settled. I have told Cousin Dick to have my Funds sold out, and placed to my credit inlthe bank. When we get out, Mr. Montoro is going to invest the money for us at ten or twelve per cent. Think of that, after a beggarly three I Milly is going with us." George started. He had not quite realised what this meant. "Going too. We shall be quite a family party. George i. What are you swearing for ? and what are you banging the table for I" Be'ause George suddenly remem bered that he had only the night before agreed to entrust Milly to this villain's care fof two years. "George," said Copernica, frightened, "don't look like that. What is the matter? Because Milly is to go away for two years ? Oh, for shame !" He made . a desperate effort, and con trolled himself. " 1 want you seriously, Reginald," he said, speaking calmly, "to consider the possibility of your. not going at all." " I cannot." " Oh, George," said Copernica, " when he has got the chance at last of spread ing the truth all over the world." "IHe can spread the truth just as well-better even-from Veritas Villa," replied George cruelly. "Reginald," he repeated, "you must renounce this project. " "What I and give up my professor ship ?" Why, 'George ?" asked Copernica. "Why is he to renounce the project I" "Because-because there is a very good reason, but I cannot tell you to. day." "If there-is a good reason," Copernica insisted, "all the more reason for telling it at once." - " No. "But think, Reginald, what would the place be to you even if it were all that has been represented to you ? An obscure college, in a new, far off American town, a place where your voice would not reach beyond the walls of the lecture-room with-its half- dozen students. Call that an opening ? Why, here in London you address the whole world. Everybody looks to London. Things said and . 'written in London go over the' whole world. You are at the head of a society, growing" here he stammered, but held on bravely "growing.daily and rapidly in import ance. You know that they are afraid of you at the universities. If you were in America you would be out of their way; they would fear you no longer. They ask for nothing better than your removal. Mr. Montoro is playing into their hands. As for your society it would fall to pieces, and your theories would be set aside, and speedily forgotten, while you were eating out your heart in obscurity. It would be exactly as if you had never lived, while, after your death, some one would take up your ideas and steal them, and bringthem over here add pretend that they were his own. But here you live like a king-like a king," he repeated mendaciously. "You control the saientific world, you keep your trembling opponents in perpetual terror; they are obliged to have recourse to every kind of disreputable dodge which you de feat; they try to close one avenue, you open another. This incessant activity frightens them; it confounds them; they never know on what side they are next to be attacked. Consider this, my dear Reginald." - - George," murmured the girl," you don't mean it. You have never talked like this before. If only you meant it, you would be a Recruit, and the best we have ever had." I mean every word," he replied, though he felt that his name ought to have been written Ananias-"every word Ihave said. And as for you,Coper nica, instead of crying out upon me for being unkind, yon ought to be backing your father Uip, and making him feel that his right place is where he is sitting, in his wooden chair in the map-room, at Verites Villa, ready to fight' with all comers." " But what does it mean ? " asked Regi nasLd blankly. "Tell, us only what you mean." " I cannot to-day. But I will tell you to-morrow morning. Meantime, for Heaven's sake cease to build your hopes upon this project " "As for the honour of Mr. Montoro-" Reginald began, but stopped short, be cause, to his amazement, George began to clench his fist, grind his teeth, jump about the room, and show all the external signs of a wrath which can be only appeased and satisfied by the kickings, whackings, and free fights of the good old times. Some day-we may not live to see it we shall return to that excellent method of our ancestors. There are many men with whom one would like to have it out "en champ clos." I should, myself, enormously enjoy .contemplating my enemy after I had taken the conceit out of him with a battle.axe. This entanglement with Reginald Ambler was difficult to understand. What did the man want? To get them all out in America away from their friends, and to rob them? It must be that. Or was it possibly pure devilry and wanton mischief? Not the latter, certainly. The Colonel was not at all the man to per petrate such a gigantic hoax. One may imagine Theodore Hook doing such a thing if he had got the chance and it occured to him ; and how he would have made a song about it, and how they would all have laughed over their punch in the delicate and feeling manner of their time at the fine situation of the broken hearted enthusiast. But not the Colonel; he did not desire to.laugh-had not laughed, in fact, for something like twenty years, that is to say over since he began to live on his wits. These savages of Ceylon, who never laugh, and only begin to smile when they are defunct and ghosts, live on their wits, which accounts for their melancholy. What the Colonel was contriving was pure rascality and robbery. In order to set up his gaming saloon in the best style he wanted as much money to begin with as he could command. And he saw his way to get ting a good large haul out of Reginald Ambler. However, George said no more, but left them abruptly. Then Copernica burst into tears, and throw herself into her father's arms. "Oh, papa, dear, what is it? what does he mean 1 "I do not know, child. How should I know ? Is George gone mad ? " No; she shook her head. George was certainly not gone mad. S"There is something behind,". she cried ; "George does not talk at random. Oh, what is it? " "I would stake my life," said her father shortly, "on Mr. • Montoro's honour. Why-is George silly ? Here comes home a man who has been so busy for twenty years making a great Fortune that he has never even had time to come home before; he is changed, of course. No one expected in a rich millionaire the manner of a clerk, which he was before he went out. Everybody says. he was once a very meek and humble creature. He isn't now. But so rich and successful a man can afford to be a little overbear ing. He comes home, then --" "Father," said Copernica desperately, " we may go on talking till to-morrow morning, when George is to tell us what he means. Talk as much as we like, we shall get no further forward. Shall we try and make believe that the whole thing is a dream, and that we shall not go out at all, so that we shall feel the blow less ?" "I can't, my dear," her father replied. "I think I must go out to America or somewhere else and have my say, or choke. Here no one will listen to me." "They wouldn't listen to Galileo." "I wish they never had. But as for me, I must' speak; and this is my only chance." - "To-morrow morning-let us wait till to-morrow morning. At any rate, papa dear, if the worst were to happen-that is to say, if we could not go-we 'should be exactly the same as we were before Mr. Montoro came. But oh, it is impos sible !" "It is impossible," said her father, trying to feel the confidence of his words; "George has got a bee in his bonnet. Many chemists got bees in their bonnets. Lot us go on with our work, Copernica. Lot us lose no time-the college must find us prepared." But his hand shook, and his brain was troubled. For there was a thing which he had not told. On the morning before, Mr. Montoro had hold with him a last conference on the subject of the college and the chair; he cave him a paper of instructions how to get to Colorado, showing what would be the cost of the journey, the time taken, and the best way there. It was a paper calculated to carry conviction to the mind of the most suspicious, even a Yankee lawyer. In fact, there is nothing which one man cannot persuade another to believe if he gets him quiet and away from his fellow-creatures. In the smoking room of a club, for instance, nobody believes anybody. In the retirement of tie Discoverer's map-room, the Colonel'a lies, ingeniously constructed, were ac. cepted without the least suspicion. " And now, my dear friend," said Mr. Montoro finally, " I think we have settled everything. I cannot tell you with what satisfaction I look upon the fact that we have secnred you for our new college. The possession of genius inl our Professorial Chairs is, above all, the great thing wanted for a new Institution. Oh yes, to be sure, I had almost forgotten. About yoer own money matters. Have you arranged them?" "1 have written to my cousin, who manages my affairs, to sell out my stock nd pay the amount to my account in the "Yes, that is well. We can get you better interest across the water. How are you going to bring it with youn ?" "I do not quite know," replied the Philosopher, who had thought of tying it up in gold, and so bringing it in his pocket. "Let me advise you," saidMr.Montoro. e If you are sure you can quite trust me -actually trust me--I will pay it into my own account, giving you a note or receipt for it, which will make you quite safe. You can give me a cheque payable to bearer, and I will save you all further trouble about it." This was a perfectly faithful promise. He fully intended to save Mr. Ambler and his family all trouble about the money for the future. Ho then sat down and calculated the coat of the journey, with a margin; he was very particular about the margin, so as to allow ample room, he said, for possible emergencies. This done, he sub. tracted the total amount from the sum lying to Mr. Ambler's credit. "There," he said pleasantly, "it is a real comfort for me to he of a little assist ance as a practical man to a Genius and a Philosopher. Draw me the chleque, pay able to bearer-so. When did you order the sale of the stock ? Yes, I do not think th5 money will be paid to your credit till the day after to.morrow. Then I shbould think-but that matters nothing to you. So, sign the.cheque-Reginald Ambler. Shake hiands, my dear friend. I believe frmly that you will always conaider this as the very luckiest day in all your life. Courage I The way of glory lies plain and clear before you. Of glory ' Ay, and of wealth and success to your boys. For I shall talke care of them all. Yes, i charge myself with them." It was the nemory of this cheque and what it mighlt moan, bemause the poor man know nothing about stopping cheques, that lay on the Discoverer's conscience as heavy as lead. (Fo b eontineod.) How TO BOIL RICE.-Wash the rice thoroughly, and throw it into a large saucepanful of, boiling water, add a little bit of butter about the size of a. nut, and boil the rice as fastass possible for fifteen ortwenty minutes (the, time must depend on the rice you use). Take out the. rice and dry it on a sieve for a few minutes before the fire. Every grain will then be separate and swollen to. its full size. The secret of boiling rice is that the saucepan must be large enough for every grain to "kick" separately, and to boil it fast. A VArorn BArTIIN YTOUL BEDROOMI. Place a pail, three parts filled with boiling water, under a chair with a cane seat, have ready twohot bricks whicl have been heated in the fire; place them gently in the pail of water, and sit down upon the chair, cover ing yourself entirely with a large blanket, letting the latter fall round the chair so as to keep the steam in, which makes a vapo ur bath. Have a warm blanket ready at the end of half an hour to wrap round you, and get into bed with it on. When some celebrated paintings of Adam and Eve were on exibition, Mr. M'Nab was taken to see them and was asked his opinion. " I think no great things of the painter," said the great gardener. " Why, man, Eve's tempting Adam wi' a pippin of a variety that wasna known until about twenty years ago." A little fellow aged four years was trying to express his admiration at the abundance of nourishment served at a juvenile party he had just attended. "Why," said he, "if it had been a giant's wedding they couldn't have had more stuff to eat.' A "victim" declares that when a man is sitting still, steadfastly gazing at nothing, his wife has not a word to say to him; but. as soon as he picks up a newspaper or a book to read, she takes a long breath and almost drowns -him with an avalanche of questons. 