THE ADVANTAGE OF SMALL WATER SUPPLIES. While strenuously advocating a com prehensive system of water conservation in all parts of this colony, in order to counteract the terrible effects of drought in some of the more arid districts, and. for purposes >f irrigation in dry eeasons, even in the most favored regions, we lhave, at the same time, always insisted On the advantage of individual efforts in providing for the storage of small sup plies. Because, no matter how com paratively insignificant any single reservoir may be, they must, in the aggregate, if the custom became general, make an immense difference in the total of tbe quantity saved from absolute waste. We have read somewhere that a celebrated Indian hydraulic engineer, fresh from the wonders which had been achieved in that country by long-forgotten dynasties, in Constructing immense and massive dams and reservoirs, and where, also, the Ando-Indian Government have spent large sums in the same direction, recently Visited Italy and 8pain, to examine the famous aqueducts and other waterworks Of Those coiu.'trie. He confessed- to " a j feeling of humiliation at finding how little their artificial supplies wera the res A. of ioigb-enring -kill, and how much more had been done by tbe esercieo of common -ensa in conserving water, by taking advantage of natural depressions." Be states that before the present mag nificent and extravagant system became established, " countless reservoirs had heen made, and wells eunk, under cir cumstances requiring no engineering ?hill or great expense, and by these the WantB of the.popnlation bad been fairly aaet ; while the great engineering works, which were the wonder of the world, afforded no adequate accommodation in proportion to their enormous cost." We honestly believo that the projects and plans of Messrs Gordon and Black have been based on' the principle here laid down ; but we have only to look back to the Coliban, the Beechworth, or even lhe Yan Yean scheme, to be forced to admit that they were magnificent and costly failures, hollow to the promises of their projectors, and- requir ing as much more money to utilise them as would have originally produced the present results. It will be long before ihe ideas of Messrs Gordon and Black San be realised, although the trusts may push tham on piecemeal, but, in the meantime, much may be accomplished by private enterprise, aud at Bmnll cost. A correspondent of the Queenslander" gives a enrious example of what can be ef fected in this way, and we relate it briefly to show what astonishing results may be obtained by ajudicions nse of apparently poor resources. He bad in his paddock a drainage area, " not exceeding five acres in extant," through which ran n -small gully, He hired a pick and shove! man, and choosing a place where the. banks of the gully approached within a dozen feet of each other, instructed the man to excavate about three feet above the site of the in tended dam, til! he got a solid bottom of loamy soil and cljiy, throwing up the soil to form the dam, and facing the upper bide with green turf. With tbo help of another work man, for one day, they had at the end of five and a half days an embankment five feet high, and about twen'y feet long on the top, and a'bye-wash cut in lhe solid bank. There was a shower of rain that night, and the amateur engineer found in the morning a- sheet f water 20 feet wide and 32 feet long, with an average depth q£ four feet. Of course, there was some leakage at first, but the little reservoir gradually puddled itself. But what does this area of watsr represent ? Adding on what was backed np into the golly to a distance of 82 additional feet, it wpnld amount to over 17,000 .gallons. Now, as the by6-wash was 2£ feet deep, 24- feet wide at the top, and 12 inches at the bottom, and was " running .like a mill race," affcr a second fall of raiD, if ten other similar dams were constructed by his neighbors below, 'there would have been 340,000 gallons j of water, which would otherwise have ran to waste, or perhaps to the damage of property, collected ia a single night for future use. We have no hesi tation in saying there are hundreds of generally 'dry gullies in the immediate vicinityof Beechwoith which might be ntiliseiin this way, not to speak of our Bplendid perennial streams and rivers, with their millions upon millions of gal lons running daily towards the sea un- nsed, and oftentimes carrying destruction in their ' unchecked course. Let us take an instance of what might be done in this way in one portion of this district. Everyone. knows Futter's Range, which inns north and south between Waaga- xatta and Benalla, from above Greta to Burramine, at the junction of iho Ovens and Murray Rivers, a distance of thirty miles. There is not a single perennial stream flowing in all that distance, from the range to the Ovens Rivor : Bnt.there 2einnum«rabl9 gullies, down which tor- .entB pour in tbe winter or in thuader- sboweipptfntil they are lost in the flat. The facilities for throwing dams across many -of .thesa gullies are extraordinary, : and thfl quantity of water that might be thus sayed and. turned to Hseful purpose' is almost incalculable. . And. yet, with/ the ex$ption of a- miserable' embank ment here and there, to .water cuttle insufficrently in the gnmmer'dniitamni nothing kas boon 'ddn'ei. -. gliPr in the same Valley, noar Greta, there L an. immenEg-.swamp, ihrough which rum. the Fifteen, Mile Creek, with a large stream f water for aome months, ia the year. By excavating this swainp, and throwing along, but by no means high, embank ment across its foot, a body of water could be collected, which would form no insignificant lake, and would furnish the whole country between Greta and Wan- garat'a with an abundant supply, and Wangaratta with a pressure, which could be obtained from no other sonrce. And having mentioned Wangaratta, we would again strongly urge upon the council of that borough to make one more effort to induce the Government to aid them in boring for artesian water in that local ty. The formation of the country affords every prospect of success. Concert at Wodonga. — A concert wa3 given by Mr Ivereon and liia pupils in the Wodonga Hall on Friday night to a large and indulgent audience, Mr Ferrier, J. P. , in tbe chair. The Wodonga Band opened the programme by playing in good stylo "The Reception March." MrFullarton, of Albury, sang " Let Me Like a Soldier Fall" and "Alice, Where Art Thou?" Both songs were successfully given, and deserved the applause that followed. Miss Ferrier, despite her suffering from an acute attack of neuralgia, wa3 a success in her rendering of " Sing Me an English Song." One of the gems oE the evening was Mr Iverson's violin solo, ' ' Aulc Robin Gray," accompanied by his talented | daughter, aud at th6 end of the piece both I performers were vociferously applauded, j Messrs Cochrane aud Halliday did some very clever step-dancing, for which they were recalled. The ever-popular duet, " Hunting Tower," was most successfully sung by Miss Bartlett and Mr FuHarton. I have heard this duet, I suppose, hun dreds of timeB in my travels, but have never heard it- given with such taste and pathos before, and I doubt if it could havo been improved upon by professionals, writes a correspondent. The programme stated that no encores would be allowed ; but the audience insisted on the last por tion being repeated. Miss Bartlett sang " Tbe Song For Me," and was just as suc cessful. I understand this is this young lady's last appearance in public at Wo donga for some time, as she is leaving to reside in the Upper Murray district. Her absence will be felt by the musical portion of this community, as she always cheerfully gave her aid to all concerts. She takes with her the best wishes of those she leaves behind, and the place where she is going is to be envied in having a young lady among them who is so thoroughly at home in all classes of music. The Misses Mary and Eliza Allen played a duet, " Coote's Burleaque Yalse," extremely well. The latter also played a solo, " Rondo." Tak ing into consideration that the little thing is barely ten years old, and had to be lifted into the chair, she acquitted herself better than many older persons would have done. Miss Annie Pyke (another mite) played the march from " Norma" very well. Miss McKoy and Mr Schmiedt also helped to make the entertainment a success. Without doubt the gem of the evening was Mr Iverson's solo, "Selec tions from the Bohemian Girl." In this instance he was assisted, at the piano, by Miss Delia Bambrick, who is fash rising into one of our most popular and brilliant performers. I had the privilege of looking over the music of the piano portion of this number, aud it is really in itself a per formance of merit, and Miss Bambrick fully shared the applause that was awarded them at the conclusion. An Irish jig by- Mr Halliday, and " God Save the Queen," brough t the performance to a close. Before concluding, I might say that a had prac tice has appeared in Wodonga— that is, when a piece is being played or sung, some person will rise and stamp right out of the hall. Nothing can be more insult ing or annoying, not only to the perfor mers, but to the audience, and it shows a decided want of taste and refinement I hope this will have the effect of nipping it in the bud, and that it will be taken in good part ; as it is given as advice, not as an admonition. Bluk Ribbon Mission. — A very success ful meeting in connection with the above mission was held in the Temperance Hall, Stanley, on Friday evening, the 39th nit. The hall, which holds between three and four hundred persons, wa3 crowded to the entrance. Mr «T. C. Simpson occupied the chair. The proceedings were opened by the choir rendering in a very pathetic manner, " Weep, for the Fallen," after which Mr T. Brennan, an evangelist who is working in the vicinity, engaged in prayer. The portion of Scripture read was one of Paul's earnest appeals -to - the Christians of early days to abstain from meat3 and drink, or anything, whereby a brother would stumble,. - or be over thrown. The next item on the programme was a solo by Mr -H." Anderson," " Don't go Near the Bar-room, Brother." Then came an address by the chairman, who acquitted himself well, speaking with'great feeling of the gnat havoc caused by drink. He 'also related two or three cases that had come under his own observation, of families that once held a good position iu society, hut who were at the present time lying under the cold ground, and their' offspring left to the mercies of the world, and then wound up with an earnest appeal to those present to take their stand against the great evil of society. ( Next came a duet, " Father, ComeHome," the lady who took part in it throwing great feeling into the piece, aEter which Mr T. Brennan ad dressed the meeting, and from his re marks it was concluded that ;he had this work at heart. He spoke of the asylums and homes for children that he had visited-, and how, by a vast majority, the presence of the little ones in these places" could be traced back to the first glass cJt liquor, and beseeched those present, for the ,sake ' of their own souls, for the'sake of 'their children, and for Christ's sake, who had redeemed them, to act the part of Christians and don the bit, of bluel The chairman then invited those who had not- hitherto joined to come forward and do so. The sight was quite exciting, as the people made their way up to the table, where the young ladies were kept . busy, for over an hour, pinning 'the bit of blue in coats and dresses of- the people, writes a correspondent. It was found -at the close that 103 persons" had accopted the badge : of true temperance. This very successful meeting closed with the audience singing the Doxology, and the Benediction havinir been nronounced. Grant Approved. — J. G. Dougherty, 6a2rl2p, Bui-rowye. Leases Approved.— Richard Bamery: 320a, Boweya ; John Trimble," Garrara- warmungee, 199a 3r. 7p.; Isaac J. Bridg- f'oot, Carraragarmungee, - 78a/;'2r ;p ; Richard Hocking, Byawatha, 22a 3r 38p Alex. Mclntyre, Wermatong,150si 0r-3p. Oup.; Defences. — The two ' Yict'orian gunboats, with the torpedo-boat iri tow, paBsed Cooktown on the morning of 'Fri day, 30th ult. Government Contract- — The tender of Messrs Toye and Hohmuth.for the carriage of goods and furniture forwarded bjr -rail tr» the' naol- and. the lunatic asylum at Beechworth, from the railway- station to those institutions, has been -accepted by Government. Monumental. — Mr Summers,, of Carl ton, has just erected, to. the order of Mr Thomas Connolly, in the Beechworth Cemetery a large and handsome monu ment, to the memory of the late Mr Michael Connolly, his wife and two chil dren, whose remains are buried there. It is a beautiful piece of workmanship, being a column of white marble surmounted by a cross, with a .well-cut, solid bluestone- base, and stands about 18ft. high ; tha weight of the whole being eleven, tons, and its cost, with a substantial iron rail ing, £250. Mining Mem.— Messrs Pascoe Brothers have crushed 10 tons of quartz at the Oriental Mill, Wandiligong, from the old Last and Pendon Reef, Peabody Gully,. for a yield of 31ozs to the ton. Licenses Not Granted. — Mary A. Surtees, 20a, Colac Colac ; Hy. Nan- kervis, 20a, Colac Colac ; Lorenzo Dorsa, 150;v, Chiltern ; John Eveston, 100a, Beethang ; John Sirl, 69a, Berringa; Francis Hardy, 150a, Mndgegonga ; Jno., L. -Tindall, 200a, Magorrs; Saml. N. Downs, 320a, Mullagong ; Thos. Connolly, 320a, Beechworth ; Bridget O'Loughlin, 204a, Bruarong. The five latter, blocks will be open for selection on the 13th irist. A Novel Hotel.— American hotels are one of the institutions of the country, so unique are they in every respect ; but one that is to be erected on Coney Island will surely bear the palm for- eccentricity. The external appearance of this gigantic edifice is to present the outlines of an ele phant with saddle-bags and a liowdah. It will be 102 feet high to the top of the dome, with a total length of 150 feet. The circumference of the body is to be 16S feet, and the legs will be 40 feet" long by CO feet in circumference. The entrance and exit will be in the hind faet and the fore-legs, and a gigantic trough, out of which the elephant is supposed to be feeding, will be occupied as bazaars. The main hall will be in the body of the ele phant, and will measure 80 feet in length by 32 in breadth, and there will be large saloons in the stomach and head, the former locality being appropriately selected as the site of the grand saloon, where public dinners will be eaten. The oyes will be four feet in diameter, and the rooms in which they are placed will be fitted up with optical appliances to obtain views of Sandy Hook and objects in the distance — the " elephant" looking towards the Atlantic. Architects have long been looking out for a new style. Here they have it with a vengeance, and its very novelty will render the "Elephant" hotel famous. There will, of course, be rooms in the trunk, rooms in the tail, and rooms in the ears, and, as a facetious contempo rary remarks, all those will let for a time at fancy prices — even the tusks will no doubt find plenty of cus tomers. The Collosus of Rhodes will he fairly eclipsed by the Elephant of Cocioy Island ; but the new style of architecture once started, there is no telling where it will stop. 4 Terrible Fall. — A narrow escape from death occurred at Taggarty, about twelve mile3 from here, early on Saturday morning, reports the Alexandra corresoon- dent of the " Age." . Mrs Burchell was in the act of drawing watsr from a well when she slipped and fell head foremost down the well, the planks being slippery through the frost. She regained the surface after a good deal of struggling, and managed to grasp a plank, calliug loudly for help, but her cries were not heard owing to the family not having left their beds. The unfortunate woman, after a severe struggle, managed to raise herself on to the plank, where she remained until her friends, be coming alarmed at her absence, came in search, and found her down the well nearly paralysed with cold. When rescued it was found that she had sustained several scalp wounds through striking the rock at the bottom of the well. One arm is almost paralysed, and she has received a- severe shock to the system. Typhoid Fever. — Several cases of typhoid fever iu Benalla are reported. One death, we ("Ensign") regret to say, has already occurred from this malady, the victim being a young man, about 19 years of age, named John Burrell, who on Tuesday night succumbed to cais dread affection after a sickness of but a few days. The deceased young man was a native ©f Benalla, and was for several years in the employ of Mr M'Bvtrnoy, chemist. He was universally liked, and on all . sides is heard sympathy for his widowed mother in this her third painful bereavement. Terrible Murder Through Jealousy. — The following appears in the "Anglo Brazilian Times" : — "The police corporal Mariano Monteiro da Silva, a man quiet and attentive to his duties, and tenderly attached to his wife, Leocadia Francisca, ivas on his way through his back garden to his usual parade, when he noticed in the'rear of it signs of the recent presence of two persons, and coupling them with what he. considered anxiety on the part of his wife that he should not go late to parade, jealousy awoke within him. -is soon a3 he could he hastened home, brood ing over his suspicions, and as he entered his land he saw iu the ehiBk-.two figures, one of a man, the other of a woman wear ing a pink dress, such as his wife had : on- that day. Rushing forward he drove the bayonet seven times into the man, and then seeing that the women had fled in the direction of the house, he pursued her, and as he entered his yard ho saw his wife, hastening . forward t-u meet him. Without hesitation he plunged his bayo net into her again and again until she lay dying on the ground with eighteen bayonet stabs, when he proceeded to head quarters and surrendered himself, telling the stpry. of hi3 betrayal and his revenge. Next day, however, a servant girl,- came .to the police, and confessed that it was she who' had been holding an interview with her lover, when the corpo ral misled by the darkness and his jealousy, had attacked them. Poor Leocadia Fian- cisca hacL perished innocent, like another Desdemona, the victim of her husband's unreasoning, jealous madness. She died in- an hour, and the man remains, in a perilous state." A Decaying Race. — A Gape paper says : — "Some Bushman families recently ar rived at the Cape. The party consisted ef- 12 adult males, 34 adult females, and 16 children.- . These curious specimens of the human.race were available for hire as ."servants inn- terms of the > Government notice referring thereto. Upon interview ing 'them,' one is told that they are glad to get away from their own country, to es cape the most inevitable fate of being wipedi off the face of the earth ; and with a touch of sorrow in their tones they will say that, as a nation or tribe, they are nearly estinct, in consequence ef the attitude of the while man towards them. To the ethnologist, or to the simple curious, -a visit to inspect this unique colony or transplantation will at ouce >reveal the unbridgeable distance which separates tb.e most advanced type of ape from this, the most degraded form of barbaric humanity.' The meD, old, wrinblqd and hideous it may be in aspect, are not the most- sightly, of objects ; but some of the younger adults and children haT9 not uninteresting countenances." License Approved. — Chas. Le Blanc, 317a, Cobungra. London Wool Market. — The following telegram has been received by the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, dated London, 30th May; — Wool. — The sale programme has been curtailed by five -.days. The next sales commence on 12th August. The fourth series commences on 11th November. Application for Certificate Ap proved.— Henry H. Caughey, 241a Or 37 p, Gooramadda. Dogs and Rabbits. — The "World', understands that amongst the earliest of .the Government measures to be'introdueed 'in the apprpacbing session of Parliament will be an amending Dog Act, framed upon nearly the samo lines as the Billon the same subject which failed to pass at the close of the last session owing to a technical irregularity. We believe we are also right in stating that, it is the in tention of the Government to take legis lative steps for the protection of the iguana, that animal being regarded as a natural enemy of the rabbit. In New Sontli Wales the legislature have passed a Bill imposing a penalty " of £5 upon any person destroying an iguana, and the Victorian Government will probably follow the example that is set by the sister colony. . Barrier Rances Silver' Mines.— The New South Wales Under-Secretary for Mines has received from Mr Warden Brown the fellowing telegram relating to the silver mines in the Barrier Ranges : — "Menindie, 28ch May, 1SS4, — Returned from Silverton la3t night : coach nearly 40 hours late. Many people are going there, from which I apprehend serious trouble ; for, although rich discoveries ©f surface indications are daily being made, very few wages men will be required for sometime ; therefore the miners rushing here without means will have great privations to endure. In all probability I shall have to return there next week, as since leaving I have heard that all the township reserves for public buildings have been taken posses sion of." Whit Sunday. — Sunday last, Whit Sunday, wa3 one of the great festivals of the Roman Catholic Church. Pontifical high mass was celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral by the Yery Rev. Dean Do- nagliy, and at its close Archbishop Goolil, assisted by the Yery Rev. Dr Fitzpatrick, Vicar-General, imparted the Papal bene diction to the large congregation that was present, reports the " Argus." Hummel's fine choral mass was performed by the choir, and the anthem of the day — Yeni <ancte Spiritus — was sung by Mr L. S. Daniel. The morning service at St Paul's pro-Cathedral was conducted by the Revs. Dr Bromby and Digby Berry, and partook of the usual character of Whit Sunday eommemorations, reports the "Telegraph." The sermon was preached by the Rev. Digby Berry, whose remarks were de voted to the sust-entatic.n of the missions to the aborigines and Chinese in Victoria, on behalf of whom a collection was made. Selecting his text from the Acts of the Apostles which described how " The dis ciples were filled with joy and with the Holy Ghost," he showed how men's moral education was dependent upon the better spiritual influences brought to bear upon them. The choir rendered the anthem " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," in satisfactory style, the inaugural solo being performed by Miss Jobson cre'lit- ably. The Jiibihtnte, according to Att- wood's score, was also rendered. Mining Mem. — The Rutherglen corres pondent' of the " Argus" telegraphs: — Rue, Brojyn and Co., who took up one of the claims abandoned by Alcock and Co., who represents several Melbourne specula tors, havo finished crushing 37 loads of quartz, the result being 37oz of gold. This is the work of three men for eight weeks. The present prospects of the claim are looking better. Other parties are now sinking in the neighborhood with good .-expectations. The Chiltern correspondent of the same journal states : — The tributers on the Pass-bye Com pany's claim report a crushing of 40 tons ef stone for a yield of 16oz of gold. ' The stone is improving with the depth. Mr Reginald Murray, of the Mining Depart ment, was at Chiltern to-day, for the purpose of making- inquiries respecting the disputed possession of the Chiltern Quartz Prospecting Company's ground. Mr Murray wrdte copious notes 'of the information tendered, and also of his owii personal observations. He returned to town this afternoon. Oriental Bank Anecdotes. — Some good jokes in connection with the recent Oriental Bank failure still remain to fee told, remarks the ."Alpine Observer." In one ease that came under our notice a prospector was discussing the smash with his mates at " crib" time, and the knowing gentleman took much credit to himself in that he had no money locked, up in the ill- fated institution — "' No blank fear of me letting them fellows getting hold of my money. I keep it myself, then 1 know where it- is." . So far so good ; but our worthy's facial expression was slightly altered in the evening, when, on examining his plant he found that the whole -consisted of notes -issued. by. the O. B. C. .In another case - the goodwife had by. thrift and .economy accumulated a snug little stocking unknown to her lord and master, who, however, had a faint glimmering in tuition of the presence of the aogel in the house, and oil the evening of: the failure wished to make a draw. . To this insuperable - objections were raised, and materfamilias was allowed to retire quietly for the night, blissfully ignorant of the financial crash. When comfortably ensconced between the sheets the news was gently broken, with the result that warm bed and room had to be fors&ken;, and a voyage of, discovery made to a dark and damp part of the building where a little mine was secreted,' when of a hoard- of twenty-one bank notes, all . but one bore the emblem of the Oriental ; while the wicked man lay chuckling in enjoymentof .the joke. Sufposed Small-fox Case at Carlton. —A supposed case of small-pox was re ported at 25 Barkly-st-reet, Carlton, ..on Saturday, and caused some uneasiness to the residents in the vicinity. .A Mr Barker, a furrier, who has resided there with ' his wife 'for the last . 12 months, arrived from Tasmania, where he had. been on business about ten days ago, and soon afterwards became unwell. A medi- cal gentleman Was called in to attend him, and on Saturday morning, believing that his patient had developed symptoms of small-pox, he informed the Central Board of Healih of the ; occurrence. Several members of th'e'boiird saw Mr Barker on Saturday afternoon, and both "Drs Youl and Alln believed tha case to be' one of aggravated chicken-pox, and not small pox. However, it was deemed advisable to. act prudently, says the "Argus," aud accordingly the -dwelling was quarantined, and on Sunday morning the two occupants of the house, Mr and. Mrs Barker, were conveyed to the new sanatorium? at Wii- liamstown in the ambulance waggon, where they will remain' for some days undor the care of: Dr W. H. Embling. After the patient had quitted the house it was . thoroughly fumigated and cleaned, and is now quarantined. Mail Arrangements. — In consequence of alteration in train times on the Myrtle- ford branch railway, causing the coach 1 from Palmerston with the Bright line of mails to reach the Beechworth Post-office net later than 8.30 a.m., we are requested (o notify the public that letters, &c.;, from places on the Bright line will be delivered with the 2 p.ni. delivery, in lieu of 8 a.m. as heretofore. Snuff.-— We have been requested by secretary of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum to acknowledge, with the thanks of the committee of management, the receipt of 41bs of snuff for the use of the inmates, being a gift from Mr H. Wraith, of Harrietville ; Messrs Crawford and Co. having kindly conveyed the;same free of charge. Congregational . Church,-" Beech worth. — We-learn that the Rev: George Williams ha3 accepted a call from lhe congregation of the above church. Mr Williams, who has recently arrived in the colony, from Leeds, England, preached trial sermons in the church at Beech worth a few Sundays since, and will enter upon his charge the first Sabbath in July. The Ratepayers'' Rolls. — If is else where notified by the secretary of- the Beechworth United Shire Council that no occupier of rateable property will be entitled to,be enrolled on the municipal' rolls for 1884, unless all rates due are paid on or before Tuesday next. Inspection of Mining Machinery.: — Mr Meakinson, inspector of mining ma chinery to the Mining Department, is at present on a visit of inspection throughout " this district, On Saturday la3t he visited the Rose and Sunday Reefs, near Beech worth, and will be at Myrtleford to-day, and during the week visits Bright, Wandili gong, El Dorado and other mining locali ties. Mr Meakinson will again be in Beechworth early in August, to conduct- au examination of engine-drivers for certi ficates. Wholesale Poisoning of Dogs at Wodonga. — For seme months past a system of indiscriminate poisoning of dogs has been carried on at Wodonga, and several valuable watch-dogs and pets have aied an excruciating death in couse- quence, writes our correspondent. Not only dogs have suffered, but two valuable gaine-socks, belonging to the police, were poisoned some time ago by picking, up baits in the paddock attached, to the station. On Sunday, Mr Furrier's dog died on the chain, and Sergeant Harkins then made it his duty to go to Albury and find out who were the purchasers of this terrible drug — strychnine. He was re warded by finding that nearly a dozen of the Wodonga residents had purchased the poison ; and, as their names are k nown, it is as well for them to be mado aware that a very heavy penalty i3 attached to anyone found guilty of putting down a poisoned bait in a public place. A Peculiar Charge. — Mr George Snubert, inspector of post and telegraphic offices, conducted an inquiry on Friday into certain charges preferred by Mr John Whitehead, an officer of the Ballarat West Post Office, against Mr Bechdrvaiae, the postmaster. It is alleged that the lattc-r ridiculed Mr Whitehead about the Blue Ribbon movement, and ordered the latter to remove the blue ribbon off his coat during office houre, states the Bal larat correspondent of the "Age." Mr Smibert look a great deal of evidence in order to determine whether or not- the matter is sufficiently important to go before a board. \- The Victorian Alliance. — At the fort nightly meeting of the committee of the abovebody on Friday nightthe reportof the Shops Commission in reference to the em ployment of barmaids was taken into con sideration, when the following resolution was adopted: — "That thi3 committee, having considered the report of the Shops Commission upon the subject of the em ployment of barmaids in publichouses, endorses the belief of the commission that the evils of the barmaid system are so deeply rooted and widespread as to demand its abolition, and begs respectfully to ' re quest the honorable the Chief Secretary to take the recommendation of the com mission into consideration, with the view of giving effect to it in the forthcoming Licensing Act Amendment Bill." It was. also decided to take special step3 to secure the abolition of tho grocers' licenses, .the closing of publichouses on electors days, and the stopping of election meetings | at publichouses. Stock Movements. — Mr George S. Mackay reports the following movements in the Albnry district : — 30 fat cattle from Bungowannah Park to Sydney, John Grieve, owner ; 300 merino wethers from Mullongandra to Sydney, Walter Cottrell, owner ; 400 merino wethers from Hawks- view to Pomlngalarna, Mackay and Copeland, owners;: 800- merino wethers from Surrey Park to Sydney, John McDonald, owner; 2000 crossbred wethers from Victoria, Matthews Bros., owners ; 1500 crossbred ew_ea to Sydney ; 50 fat cattle from Victoria, David Mitchell, owner ; 57 fat cattle from. Victoria to Sydney, C. F. Frauenfelder, owner ; 6500 merino wethers from Wagga Wagga to Bowna, W. J. Lyne, owner. \- Mail Contracts..— The following con tracts for the conveyance of mails have been accepted Corryong and Zulu Creek, via Nariel, Gleln-Dart, Dark River— Win. Jarvis, . £140. Snowy Creek and' Dark River, via Larson's and Glen-Dart— Thos. Coleman, £115-. Hanlanin Melbourne. — The exhibi tion" to fee given by Edward Hanlan upon the Albert Park lake on the 7th June is being looked forward to with considerable- interest by rowing and vatching men.' Hanlan has determined that the Mel bourne people shall see him at his best if he can possibly arrauge for a goo'd contest, and with this view he is negotiating with Laycock to come o.ver from Sydney for the occasion, in which case Hanlan will' pro bably give Laycock a distance, says "the "Age." If the latter Tefnses to eome, there will be a handicap race, in which Hanlan. will compere with local profes sional scullers. ' It wan suggested by a member of one of the clubs that Hanlan' should comnete against a crew or eight. but this he declined, adding that he might be able to" pull against a fcur- oar'ed" boat from scratch, and that if he cannot arrange, a good race any other way, he may do", this, and he will himself give a prize.. His opinion is that ' the Albert; Park .' lake would be a splendid place for sculling con tests if sufficiently improved, for the reason that the whole 'of the spectators could see the race from start to finish,- the boats going four times round in. the long distance races. Such' courses, .ha says, are frequently to be met with in America," and are preferred to . riyer courses. . A meeting of rowing men is to .be held to night, and a committee 'of management, will probably.be elected from the inembsrs. of. the Victorian Rowing Association and the yacht and other boating clubp at Al bert Park.' This committee, will arrange a, programme for amateyr3v so/that -a.good day's -sport ''may:, be provided, in prdep'tb attract; a large ' crowd,', pne- tiiird' : pf / the takings being; prb'm8e&"fiy.;M fop thy iroprpyem'eut' ,oi:.the : The Y.R.C. Spring Meeting. -^Mon day was the day of entry for the Mel bourne Cup and Champion Stakes. As will be seen by the telegram in another column, there are 137 ontries for the' former event, and 47 for the latter. No mention is made, however, of Sydney and Adelaide entries. : The Rev. J. Nall's Mission. — Crowded congregations assembled in the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, on Sun day to listen to the Rev. ' J. Nail. This (Tuesday) and to-morrow evenings will be the last occassions on which Mr Nail will preach in the church here. He will visit Woorageo on Thursday, and con duct services in the Wesleyaa Church at that place, - in the afternoon and tho evening ; on Friday evening assist iu the services' of the Salvation Army in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth ; com mence a week's mission at Chiltern on Sunday, and during- the follow-; ing three weeks preach and hold meetings at Wandiligong and Albvry. At - the expiration of that time, the Wesleyan Home Mission . Committee" will insist upon his resting a week, and then, with Mr Guthbert, also an evangelist connected with Methodism, he will visit Ballarat. The Beechworth congregation, through the Rev. J. de Q. Robin, made application that Mr Nail should fee per mitted to remain among them a further ten days ; but it was pointed out that he had only four weeks at his disposal in which to complete his mission in the North-Eastern District, and could not be further spared. . , ' Gold in Yarrawonga. — In a recent issue we mentioned the finding of a reef of quartz in a well sunk by Mr Nixon, of Belmore-street, states the " Yarrawonga Mercury." The specimen which was then shown to us a3 haviug been taken out, showed very good gold, and some con siderable interest wa3 taken in the further- development of the well. Since the pub lication of the previous" paragraph, some of the small quartz has been pounded, and the stoue thus tested shows some splen did gold. Specks of the precious metal can be seen with the nuked eye, and there is no doubt that if a reef of any extent can be discovered, yielding in anything, like the sample tested, a very payable industry i3 on the eve of being established in our district. "Lady Munro" and the Salvation ists. — A laughable story is related in last Thursday's " World" about Mrs Munro, better known as " Lady Munro," on account of her close relationship with the Countess of Dudley (?). On Sunday night week Mrs Munro attended a meeting of tho Salvation Army in the Temperance- hall aud gave out that she had been converted." The members of the army were jubilant, and Mrs Munro 's conversion was pointed out to show the good work the army were doing. On Tuesday the good lady got glorious, and going up to the Temporauce-liall met Major Barker. The Major was proceeding to express his disapproval, of her conduct, and regretting her backslidings, when she lifted her fist and knocked tho leader of the Salvation Ariny down in the most approved pugil istic 3tyle. The Rev. Mr M'Cutcheon happened to come up at that moment, a;d Mr3 Munro got another lecture. She queried of the rev. gentleman how he could oxpect her to be good on an empty stomach. He admitted there was some force in the argument, and took ber to a well-known restaurant, where she was treated to the best of everything. The lady whispered something in the waiter's ear, and shortly afterwards a bottle of the best brand of champagne appeared. The rev. gentleman presisted -that he could not think of paying for the " gold- top," when she asked him what he meant by asking a lady to dine with him, and then would not pay for what she called for. He accepted the situation, and parted — both for the ehampague and with Lady Munro. Mrs Munro is prepared to be converted by any suburban corps of the Ariny on the same liberal terms. Davitt and Barn-ell. — A cable o the "New York Herald,"' d:.ted London, 20ih March, states The Irish party are consi derably exercised at the growing differ ences between the two leaders, Mr Parnell and Mr Michael Da «itt. They are especi ally at variance in their ideas regarding the manner of conducting the. coming election campaign. Just at present Mr Davitt and Mr Timothy Harrington, M.P., are indulging in a bitter controversy con cerning the organisation of the campaign. Mr Davitt urges freedom in the select! -n of the candidates by the constituents, while Mr H&rrington; insists that it is necessary for the-Parliamentajy party to have a voice in their selection. Still further divergence is disclosed in an article by Mr Davitt which appears in an April number of the "Socialist Magazine, "lo-day.'The editor of the magazine describes the article as "a de claration by an acknowledged ch'ampiou of the Irish people that the quiescence of the Pnrnellite party in Parliament will not prevent the immediate re-opening of agra rian agitation." Mr Davitt proceeds to contend that the Land Act has done no thing to satisfy the real movers' in the Land League "agitation. He declares that he and his followers will have nothing to do with any extension of the purchase clauses of the Act. He will not consent to- the creation of a peasant proprietary obtained by Government advances for the purposes of buying out the landlords' in terest. Mr Davitt's plan ia to abolish landlordism, root and branch, by having the tenants continue the processes which have already made the landlords' property nearly unsaleable. j A Valuable ' Alloy. — The came of .aphtite,' or unalterable, is given to a valu able alloy made at Marseilles, affld, which closely resembles gold in colour and ap pearance. Its production'is accomplished by placing- in"h crucible copper as pure as possible, platinum, tuogstic acid in certain proportions, and' when the metala are com pletely melted they "are stirred aud granu lated by running them int© ' water con taining five hundred grains' of slaked lime- and the same of carbonate of potash for every cubic metre of water. This mixture, dissolved in water renders the alloy still purer: The granulated.metal is collected', dried, re-melted, and a definite proportion of fine gold added. Fbi jewellery the material is almost unsurpassed. A Great Cow. -tt The Jersey cow Princess II... Np. ;8Q4S, owned by S. M. Shoemaker, ' of Baltimore, has recently completed' the'la'rgest test of butter.'for the. period of one week that has over been re-" corded. The cow gave birth to a calf iate ' in December last, and her milk immediately j showed signs of superior richness. For three weeks she produced twenty-six pounds of. butter a week, the record being made under the careful supervision of members of Shoemaker's family. For the fourth week the services of J.' V. N. Willis, of Mariboro, N. H., the well-known expert; .were seenredi ap4. thai" eow was placed in .liia charge. ' Her appetite wan ctimulated .fey walking .exercise,-, and she - was milked threa times a day; The yield of milk was abovit twenty-three quarts iu - twonty-fouv hours, aud-the well-worked butter, salted foneohnce to tbepoiindj which slic produced >i!Kthew<jek:y:'ra.a8 .jjten .jqunlcesj --The TsertiQedrib- I under oath. ' " " General Gordon'. — General Charles Gordon, generally known as "Chinese Gordon," was only thirty years old when placed in command of a division of the Chinese army. He always went unarmed in battle, even when foremost in the breach, directing his troops by waving a little cane. As he was uniformly victorious in his engagements, his Chinese soldiers considered the cane to be a magic wand, which insured his protection and their triumph. The lofty and admirable typo, honest as he is brave. A "Bishop's Mixture." — The partiality 'evidenced for the fragrant weed by Dr Moorliouse, tke worthy Bishop of Mel bourne (writes the " Ballarat Courier"), has induced a well-known tobacconist of Stawell to advertise a description of to bacco sold by him as " The bishop's mix ture." The enterprising tobacconist also has small packets issued, drawing attention to the mixture, and announcing his busi ness as " under the distinguished patron- age of the Right Rev. James Moorliouse, Bishop of Melbourne." Prince Leopold and the Victoria!? Governorship. — Many stories have been told in reference to the Yicar of Esher's allusion to Prince Leopold's desire for au Australian Governorship. The following are the facts, says the " London World." When His Royal Highness heard of Lord Norman by's resignation of Victoria, he ap plied to Mr Gladstone for nomination to the successorship. The Premier did not withhold his couseut, but stipulated that Mr Miivtav Smith, t.hft .Viot.nrin. A<rnn4>_ General in London, should be asked, to state his views as to the manner in which the appointment, if made, wuuldb9 re ceived in His colony. Mr Smith replied expressing his conviction that the appoint ment of His Royal Highness would" pro- duce the liveliest satisfaction throughout the whole of Australia The question was then referred to Her Majesty, who reluc tantly, but firmly, vetoed the projected appointment, because of the chronic weak ness of the Prince's health. Gambling in Mining.— A good deal has been said recently about land lotteries, racing sweeps, and " gambling " in mining shares. In reference to the last-named there has lat8lv been a little corresnon- dent in some of the Victorian papers. Shareholders in some miaing ventures have been expressing surprise that invest ments which they brought into, in some cases at a price of several pounds pes share, have snddenly run down in market? value to as many shillings. Naturally they want to know why this is thus,, and one, possibly of more than ordinary dis cernment, has discovered that these sudden depreciations in value have been preceded by the selling out of their in terests by the "knowing ones." There must certainly be a cause, but is this the one? Has there been " rigging " of the market, or sudden collapses of the inine3 1 Have not the high prices in too many in stances been the effect of prospectuses couched in glowing terras, supported by as glowing reports from the raine3 of what is " expected to be struck shortly," but only ending iu disappointment and losa to shareholders ? Is there no remedy foE these evils? (asks The Sydney Echo.)! Mining is always a precarious speculation,, as many men know to their sorrow. But cannot the public be protected in som$ way against unscrupulous vendors ? Why should not experts be appointed by the Government to report to the Minister foe Mines upon every claim proposed to be floated into a company ? The sobec matter-of-fact report of a Government official would show the public something of tho true nature of the venture in whicbt they were- invited to embark their capital and their faith.-It would afford a safeguard which appears to be much needed. The promoters- of every proposed company should be compelled to lodge plans of their ground, :and a small fee might be levied which would go towards defraying tho expense attached to the inspection. 