THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. The late Adam Lindsay Gordon said truly when he held that something of danger was a necessary element of sport. Horseracing, perhaps, owes something of its never- flagging popularity to the fact that accidents and mishaps are ever-present possibilities. A steeplechase meeting has a fascinating charm for most men. There is the sport itself, the opportunity of quickly winning — or losing — money, and the excitement of gazing at men and horses risking their lives over stiff stone walls, and no less formidable four-railed fences. Races over sticks are always popular, andmostpopular, and therefore most important, is the red- letter day in the Australasian racing calendar set apart for the Victorian Grand National, at Flemington. The attendance is not as great as upon the Cup Day, but the arrangements for the comfort and con venience of the public are quite as' perfect. That prince of showmen aud secretary of secretaries, Mr. Byron Moore, has studied the proverb, that what is worth doing is worth doing well. Had he been a trainer of horses, he would have given the steeds under his care the same close attention, whether they were going for a Melbourne Cup or the Little Pedlingtou Twenty pound Plate. Had he been a theatrical manager, he would take the same trouble in mounting a one- act farce as he would devote to a five- act tragedy. As secretary of theV.R.O., he gives careful attention to every little detail, trifling In itself, but going to form that complete Whole known as success. The Grand National. Meeting held at Flemington on Saturday last adds auother to the list of managerial triumphs at Flemington. THE RACING, Business commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, and so high was the estima tion in which Hazard was held that only nine out of the sixteen coloured on the card elected to try conclusions. From a glance it was evident that mo3fc of the competitors had done good preparation?, though Cock boat presented a somewhat lusty appear ance. Hazard was consistently supported down to 2 to 1, though not a few stood by the chances of Stafford, while Mr. Pearson, the owner of Gasaiier, supported his mare to win over L4.000, andThe G host, from I113 known ability on the flat, was net Without admirers, but Lady Teazle receded to outside prices. The favourite chose a clear path for himself 1 from the onset, and made most of the run- I ning. The Ghost having come to grief at the I first hurdle, Stafford and Gasaiier appeared the only pair likely to trouble him. This proved to be the case, for, after leading for about a mile and a half, Gasaiier tackled him, and though he tried very hard the Gippsland filly disposed of him i:i the end somewhat easil7. The Maiden Steeplechase proved a chapter o? acci dents from the start, and the eight competitors tumbled about in the most delightful confusion. The casualties com menced by The Baron baulking ; next Sir Fyaus and the Marquis of W ateriord fell, and further diminished the chances o i the nobleman. Later on, the Bard of Erin showed his aversion to negotiate the obstacles in the course. Kingston came down further afield, and when the contest gave promise of becoming interesting, the leading trio — Kulkyne, Goodwood, and Robin Hood — fell. Meanwhile, Kingston had been remounted, and, taking ad van agft of a mistake ma.de by Kulkyne, who, with Robin Hood, had also recovered, won cleverly from Robin Hood, whose rider took matters very easily, under the belief that the remainder of the field were horn de combat. The interest in the Grand National Hurdle Race was main tained to the last, Rfingwood being the fancied one by the knowing ones, though the fact of Don Quixote'being ridde n by Mr. W. Glasscock induced many to support Mr. Wallace's horse. The friends of The Joker were also very confident, while Ontario was whispered about the paddock as a veritable rod in pickle for the favourites. Taking advantage of the convenient weight, Mr. Inglis took Sundowner to the front early in the race, and cut out the running at a strong pace, with Tantaliser and Sinking Fund in hot pursuit, and the favourites holding central positions. At the hurdle? at the home turn Ontario unfortunately ran off when holdiog a prominent place and going with great vigour. Don Quixote and Riugwood at this point now made their efforts, and as Sundowner began to show signs of the severe pace he had been making, they were able to get on terms with him, and though : he offered a stubborn resistance to Ring- wood, Don Quixote wore him down, and won a grand race cleverly, amid great cheering. Sinking Fund, and Tantaliser both ran well, and, though defeated, were not disgrace 1. All attention was centred on the Grand National Steeplechase, for which a dozen competitors faced the starter, Fame being the chosen one of the backers. She sadly failed to justify the good opinion formed of her, however ; for she blundered at the second hurdle, and took no further part in the race. The lead for the most part alternated between Lizette and General Jackson, but the latter fell when holding a good position, and lost what appeared to be an excellent chance. Chippenham, who was patiently ridden throughout, came with a well-timed rush at the sheds, and, though Friendless was the first to enter the straight, the old grey struggled gallantly, and a resolute finish resulted in Chippenham gain ing the verdict in the end by half a length. Odds of 3 to 1 were laid on Prospect for the Selling Race, and the favourite never gave bis backers any cause for alarm, for after Borderman ran off, he bad it ail his own way, and won in a canter from his only other opponent, Ned Kelly. Too Too was servoii up very warm for the Flat Race, but the winner turned up rather unexpectedly in Bonnie Bee, with Pailieroo second, and Duenna third. Appended are the details of the racing : — Maiden Hurdle Race, a sweepstakes of 5 so vs. each, £1 10s. ft., with £150 added. For all horses which have never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses which have never started in a hurdle race allowed 71b. (which must be claimed at time of entry). The second horse to receive 25 so vs. and the third 10 so vs. out of the stake. Three year ola ,. cany Ost. 71b.; 4 vrs, lOst. 5ib. ; 5 yr?, (j yrs, and aged, lOst. 121b. About two miles. Hon. W. Pearson's b on Gasaiier, by Veteran — Ga-oline, 4 yrs, list LOib .. Cupitt I Mr A. P. Sullivan's br g Hazard, 3 yrs, Ost. . lAutv 2 Mr A. AI'Donald's b g Omadhaun, i \ rs, 9 t 9lb Bolgvr Mr J. Whitehead's b g Star, a<.e 1, lOst 01b Keating 0 Mr J. Ware's br m L.adv Teazle, 4 yrs, lOst 31b Corrigan 0 Mr J. G. Reid's eh g The Ghost. G yrs, lOst 2ib King 0 Mr W. S. Cox's b h Cockboat, 4 yrs, 9st 121b . . Cox 0 Mr J. O. Ingiis's b g Stafford, 4 yrs, 9st 101b M'Gowan Mr G. Davis's b e Ditto, 3 yrs, 9->t . . it Le.a 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Hazard, 7 lo 2 ngst Stafford. 6 to 1 each agst The Ghost, .Gxsalier, and Lady Teazle On the word being given. Hazard, attended by Star and Omadhauu, were the first to show- in front, with Stafford. The Gho.-t, L.uiy Teazle, and . Cockboat next. This order was observed until reaching the first hurdle, where The Ghost came down, and tool: no further part in the race. Hazard maintained his position round th; turn and into the straight, and on passing the stand he was just clear of Omadhaun, with Lady Teazle and Stafford following, and Ditto and Gasaiier close up. The favourite forced the pace round the turn, and along the riverside he was forced by Ditto aud Gasaiier, and though Ditto soon shot bis bole, Gasaiier stuck to Hazard, and contested the lead with Mr. Sullivan's coifc, while Omadhaun and Stafford were making strenuous efforts to ,t up. Entering t J > o straight, Gasaiier assumed the lead, and despite a vigorous resistance on the part u Hazard, drew away, and won cleverly by length. Omadhaun was third, _ S ' and Cockboat last. Time 5mm. 4s at a mi. v Steeplechase. » 'vl' sovs each, £1 10s. ft, with loO added, lor ali horses which have never won l chase. Horses which have never sar a steeplechase or hurdle race allow "(which must be claimed _ at time o The second horse to receive 2o sovs and the third 10 sovs out of the stake; 3 yrs carry lOst.; 4 yrs old, lOst. 0 J' r; 91b ; t> yrs and aged. 12st. About two mile and a quarter, over such course an jumps as the stewards shall direct. Mr EL Howie's b g Kingston, 5 yrs, GJC.b Mr E. M. Bond's ro g Robin Hood, 5 yrs, 0 Mr A. Tr ior's g Marquis of Waterford, 6 yrS list I i.ib . Mr S. Miller's b g Kulkyne, aged, a 1st mo . . WatrOll 0 Mr \V. Calvert ns b g Holy rood, aged, list II hi Mr W. M. Moran's b g The Baron, 5 yrs, l iat G'i, . . Mivor 0 Captain J. Humes'? b g Yaneo. 5 yrs, list Gib t loyd 0 Mr VV. E. CuoiQfin ;'s bl g Sir Fys n% 4 yr«, 9?t 111b OBnen 0 Mr W. Dalri mule's" br g Goodwood, 5 yrs, lOst 10 b .. .. - Keating 0 Mr VV. Yate:s br g'bard of Erin, 4 yrs, 10?t 71 o c O'Brien 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Marquis of Walerf ord, 5 to 2 agst Sir Fyans, 5 to 1 agst others. Casualties commenced early in the race by Yanco refusing at the first feu.ee, which was successful!7 negotiated by Kulkyne, followed by Marquis of Waterford, Kingston, Good wood, Robin Hood, Bard of Erin, The Baron, Holyrood, and Sir Fyans. At the next obstacle The Baron refused, and further on the favourite and Bsr Fyans came to grief. Tiie iirstr.amed, however, was quickly re mounted, and sent in pursuit of the leaders. Passing the stand Kulkyne still led, with Robin Hood and Holyrood close up, and Good wood and Kingston next, and Marquis of Waterford fallowing. The Bard of Rrm baring refused iepea'edly, baulked at the log wail, and v. a? hot.elei.sly out of the struggle. Ivuikyne continued to lead along the riverside, ?tili attended by Robin Hood, Goodwood, and Kingston. At the bridge the latter fail, and Good woo-j began to diminish the gap between himself and the loading pair. Nearine: the sheds the trio were ail together, but in essaying the next fence the three came to grief. Jvui- kyne's rider was the first to recover his horse, but making a wrong turn he io?t a lot of ground, and Robin Hood, who tva« also remounted, was tit:- first to enter the straight, tome distance in front <.f the favourite. The leaders took masters very easily, and Kingston gradually no ire I their.. Below the distance it looked any odds «m Robin Hood, who had been cased to a s! ,w canter. The rider of Kingston kept bis ii-u -e g.fing howe»cr, and catching Mabcie napping, toon forged ahead, ar.-i won cleverly by bri! h mirths. Marquis of Waterford Was third, t lie oiht-rs straggling in with the crowd, aime. Omul, i p-rr. A protot was entered against Kingston tor i;"t g ling the right course, but after taking evidence the complaint was dismissed. Grand National Hurdle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, o ft., with 300 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. ; Mr D S. Wallace's b g Don Quixote, by Don j Giovanni -Quickstep, 5 yrs Mr W. Glasscock 1 j Mr J. O. Ingiis's br g Sundowner, aged, lOst SiO Owner 2 Mr II. R. Fi'ikincr's b g Ringwocd, 5 yrs. list 71f> .. .. .. .. Scobia 3 Mr S. G. Cook's b g The Joker, 5 yrs, list 6tb ; J. King 0 ' Mr A. F. Sullivan's br h Ontario, 5 yrs, lOst Sib \- - - . - . . Batty 0 1 Mr W. E. Ccrvns's cii g Fluniborough, 5 v rs. 10=fc j i lb .. .. .. .. Eimtworth 0 ! Mr J. M 'Grade's br h Tantali<er, 5 yrs, 9sfc 111b Hill 0 Mr J. Simson'.s br h Sinking Fund, 4 yrs, ust Huht 0 Betting : 3 to 1 agst Riugwuod, 4 to 1 each agst Don Q fixute and Ontario, 5 to 1 agst The J oker. After the horses were allotted their positions at the starting-post. Yarree, on the inside, was the first to show ii: advance, but as the hurdle iu front of the stand was reached she fell back, and Tantalizer, Sundowner, Ontario and Sinking Fund cleared the obstacle almost simultaneously, The Joker, Ontario, and Dou Quixote holding central positions, while Ring- v. " id kept Fiamborough company in the rear. Rounding the turn, Tantaliser was still at the head ot affairs, with Yaree and Sinking Fund following, and the favourite still last. No material alteration iu order was noticeable until reaching the sheds, where Sundowner passed Tantaiisar and led into the straight and past the stand, with Sinking Fund third. Then came Yarree, Don Quixote, and The Joker, with Ring wood still last. Along the river The Joker rushed up to the leader, but at the hurdle at the bridge he came a regular cropper. At the back, Ring ivood aud Ontorio began to improve their positions, but at the sheds S uudowner was still m command, with j Ontorio next, and Riugwood third, just clear of Sinking Fund. At the hurdle at the turn, Ontario rau off, and Don Quixote began to work his way towaids the leaders. Sundowner h-ld his position until well within the straight, but below the distance he was tackled by Don Quixote and Ringw.iod, and a desperate finish ensued, resulting in a clever victory for Don Quixote. Sundowner was second, Ringwocd tfiird. Tantaliser fourth, Sinking Fund fifth, and Yarree last. Time, ornin. 43sec. Grand National Steeplechase, a handi cap sweepstakes oi 15 sovs. each. 4 ft., with 40u auded. Toe second horse to reee.ive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three, miles, over such course and jumps tiie stewards shall direct. Mr . fveil sg g Chippenham, by Lanercost. aged. Dsfc .. .. .. KilVlulr 1 Mr W. E. Power'.-: b g Friendless, 5 yrs, 9st 12;b Batty 2 Mr J. M 'Grade's br g Moonlight, aged, lOst 7!b Hill 3 Mr J. liarbottle's br g Blackthorn, aged, 12st 123b MLeod 0 Mr E. Week's n m Lizette, aged, list 51b Creo 0 Mr A. Taylor's b g General Jackson, aged, list 21b 7 -- - -- .. M'Gowan 0 Mr X. Wilson's b g Katunga, 5 yrs, 10s; 101b t-cobie 0 Mr M. Loughlin's o g Fame, G yrs, 10»t 9b> . . . Corrigan 0 Mr T. Jones's b g Australian Court, o yrs, lOst 7lb Butler 0 Mr J. Ilonier's br g All Serene, aged, lOst bib j - - - - - Viovd 0 Mr E. Howie's br g Union, aged. lOstoib Deianev 0 ! Mr A. DowJing s us b g Hands Down, o yrs, 9st 7!i> -. M'Laughiin 0 Betting: 3 to 1 agst Fame, 4 to 1 agst Lizttte, <> to 1 each agst Friendless and Katunga, 8 to 1 agst Buckthorn, 10 to 1 each agst Chippenham, Moonlight, and General Jackson. All Serene took the lead soon after the start, and led over the fence at the river, pre- ' coding General Jackson, with Lizette, Fame, Chippenham. Australian Court, Hands Dowu, Moonlight, Union, .and Katanga foliowiug in I the order indicted. At the next obstacle I F.i me came to grief, and as they raced along the br.ck. tiie order was Lizette, General Jack- \- son, Chippenham, Blackthorn, AH Serene, and Mtonlieht, with Friendless At the gTeds General Jackson deprived Lizette nf thft lead but the mare came again, and with Moonlight led past the tajjd, T.ifkson Chippenham, and Blackthorn being nexf M thetone 'wall. Chi Ppenbam and Gnrai Jackson cinnoned slightly, but neither lost his position. The relative positions ofthe horses were unaltered at the bridge, except that Hands Down fell hopelessly in tbe rear Along the back, Moonlight atid Lizette were still together, a dozep lengths in advance of Chippenham and General Jackson, while Friendless began to make a forward movie. A . the sheds, Chippenham came with a rush, ana at the second fence from home General Jack- Son fell. Lizette was done with at tnc turn, where Friendless grit Uc the frdnt, and Rooked like whining on entering the straight, butU fiip- peuLiam answered his riders call very gameij , ami a ding-dong finish ensued ; fcne gre , however, lasted the longest, and won a most i exciting i ace by half a length. Moonlight was a erood third, and Lizette fourth ; then followed Blackthorn. Union, Katunga, A.i berene, Australian Court, and Hands Down, n the order written. Time, 7miu | Selling Hurdlf. Race, a sweepstake of 3 sovs. 1 each. 1ft.. v.ith 100 added. Weights as m Maiden Steeplechase. Winner to be sold for £50 ; 71b. allowed for every £25 reduction in selling price (whicn must be stated at time of entry), provided that no lior-e c.u t less t an 9st. in accordance with rule lbb. j Two milts. ' . Mr T. Corrisan's br k Prospect, by Panic Kate j aged (nil), list .. -- I Mr J. Calvert's g g Ned Kelly, 5 vts (oil), Mr J. Scobie's b h Botdernian, 4 yrs (nil), 9st 101b ( Keating 3 , Betting : 3 to 1 on Prospect. j Burderaian obtained a slight advantage at the start, and led to the lawn, where the favourite forged ahead, r.nci as Borderman ran off at the turn and baulked at the succeeding hurdle. Prospect had no difficulty in disposing- of Ned Kelly, and ultimately won in a canter, ( hard held. 'Time, 4min. Gfsec. j The winner was sold to Mr. E. Weeks ior 125 guineas. Flat Race, a handicap of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s. ft., with 150 added. For two years old and upwards. Lowest weight to be not less than 7st. One mile. Mr A M'Don aid's br g Bonnie Bee, by Bonnie GirliGe -Miss Wasp, ssed, ;>st 91!» Tralvan 1 Mr S. Miller's b t». Pailieroo, 3 yrs, 7st 101b Olds 2 Mr D. S. Wallace's g f Dueona, 3 yrs. Sst lllb D Brien 3 Lord W. Beresford's b h Bissanio, 4 yrs, 9st 61b . . Iiiritr 0 ; MrJ. Whittingham's ch h Ironmaster, 4 yrs, Sst 12;:> .. -- G. WTlliams 0 Mr ."5 Gardiner's ch h Golden Butterfly, 4 yrs Sst 0ln .. .. .. Hutchins 0 Mr J Bat-erson's bl g Black Diamond, aged. SstClb Dobscn 0 Mr W Bailee's i-h m Virago, 4 vrs, Sst 4lb Kilby 0 Mr J G. lieid's u h Norfolk, 4 yrs, S t Sib Robertson 0 Mr 3". Weeks's b c Regulator, 3 yrs, 7s t- lllb Williams 0 Mr H. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 7st lllb Sanders 0 II on L. L. Smith's b h Liberator, 5 yrs, 7s: lllb ..Blair 0 Mr J. E. Cowell's b m Castaway, 4 yrs, 7st lllo Moore 0 Mr A. Selmau's br f Too Too, 3 yrs, 7st 9lb Hughc-s 0 Mr W. Caivert ns ch c Yellow Hammer. 3 yrs, 7st 91b . . . . . . - . Walker 0 , Mr H. Fisher's b m Impulse, 4 yrs, 7st 71b ' Flanagan 0 j Mr S. Gardiner's b f Lyons Lady, 3 yrs, 7st 6!b ! . .. .. Barr 0 Betting : 3 to 1 against Too Too ; 5 to 1 against Duenna ; G to 1 each against Resm- ' lator and Ironmaster : 7 to I 'kgainst Bonnie Bee ; S to 1 agaiust Norfolk. The favourite made most of the running, fol lowed by Regulator and Pailieroo. At the ; distance, however, Bonnie Bee came through, , and won easily by three lengths. Time, lmin. 46sec. I 