SALVATION RAMY BARRACKS. Salvation Army soldiers of every hue and nationality had a grand field day yesterday afternoon, in order to celebrate the fixing of the memorial blocks for the new barracks in course of erection iuLUtle Bridge street.* ' - r A procession of the ordinary. character - was formed'through the streets/ headed. by the ~ blood-re*d banner./ The ..band with a medley, of inatrume'nta were more vigorous in their i execution than ever. Specially'was this (he case with the “Irish fiddler.” . < 'r ' The weather was not thoroughly propitious for the gathering.. ..Rain fell at intervale, and i the only thing to be observed at times in the procession were-the umbrellas held'aloft'by i female soldiers. •. *. s i A halt/.was called opposite ~ the barraoka. | “ Hallelujahs*V broke from-the: army atthe invitation o! Captain.Maddigan. / M*jor Barker, of the Victorian forces, said, “ The gathering to-day is fur.-: the' honour and glory oEQod,the salvation of men andjwomen. (“Hallelujab.”) VPraise God for what He has done and*what-He'has to^ do,** : The soldiers sang “My God I am Thine/ 1 concluding with a. chorus! of Hallelujahs. During this, hymn the band redoublecT.their exertions.,.' . ‘ -• •/. -The principal soldiers* then mounted the platform. Included ’ were Major! Barker, Deputy-Major Thurman’, of South Australia; Captain - Ozby, Captain Doyle, of South Aus tralia; and Captain Maddigan. - ' " ’ •M'tjor .Barker)sang out “We ought to be happy.*' The audience responded with “ Hal lelujah,** “ We are,”. 0 We are/* “ So we are,’* “ Glory to God,” , “ Please God;we have a newly-married couple, God. bless them/' said Major Barker, indicating Deputy.msjor Thbrman sod his bride.: Chorus of “Amens." The next hymn was Hallelujah Il am happy! ' \- Hallelujah! Amen 1. Hallelujah! Jesus saves ms ! . Be will save other men. . M-jor Barker then said that the Salvation Army belief was not one; that would only Satisfy a man's craving fori five'minutes,, but I ono that was for a death bed. (Cries of ? ! TbeHon. James Campbell, M.L.C, and Mr James'Russell, M.L.A., who now appeared on the platform, were.heartilywelcomed. Major ! BarkerAalledior.three.cheers. _He looked dis appointed when two-cheers were given. and shouted, “Only two, another good-one.” r lt was! given, winding up with shouts of ** Amen/* Major Barker then said that the Victorian Salvation Army bad £9OOO worth of property, bless the dear. Lord ! They had the WarOry t with a circulation weekly of 23.000 copies, and not a peony-piece went from tbe ordinary funds to the support of the Major and his st*f£ but the profits on the TFar Cry paid their expenses. Major Barker publicly intimated to the local newspaper representatives that he could run a paper in Ballarat. The profits for the six months bad been £B£6 hard cash. The army hod a large amount of proparty here, there and everywhere tbe property of the people. It was the privilege of tbe people to take a share, in which the people could put their hands in their pockets and give “collection.** The speaker then remarked “Our dear brothers will lay tbe memorial blocks in tbe name of God and in the name of tbe Rev. William Booth, our esteemed general. Run now fell, and umbrellas went up like magic. One brother shouted “If you keep the uqabrellaa up, you won't sea tbe boxes/' , meaning the collection boxes. M«jor Barker then read tha 25th chapter of ' the Gospel according to St, Matthew, and tbe hymn “ Bounl for a better land/* with the refrain “ Ob yes/' was sung. Tbe Hon. James Campbell, M L C., was then called upon. Ho said that he bad been asked tbe question, “Do you really believe in (he | Salvation Army?" He bad answered “yes," ; (bat be certainly did believe in them. His first reason was, because they were doing good in their own way, It might not be in tbe speaker's way, or tbe spectators’ way. They were right-hearted men, who reclaimed men and women who. wanted reclaiming, and they put a fresh impetus into tbe churches for earnestness and sincerity. They have courage and go into the Irghways, byways, Uues, and gutters to reclaim men. Too many were afraid to take part in prooesauna, which was to their own dishonour. Th* army weut out to face blows, and stones and scoffing, I and courage carried them on. Tbey showed the earnestness which could be traced down since the days of Christ. Whenever people had struck out against vice and sin they bad to suffer persecution and wrong. The courage that carried them on be admired. He ad* mired manliness. Tbey preached the free gmpe), tbe proper gospel, no matter what the man's position was. He admired the mauly ring of tbe Salvationist's utterances. Every man was told that It was his duty to do something for the cause; if a mits that mite should be given.. The Salva tion Army was not superfine, and some might thiuk tbey possessed vulgarity. But through jeers and scoffs they held up tbe hearty hand of Christianity, teaching the doctrine of a higher life not understood by churches, and not sufficiently understood by professing Chris tians. It was known bat to few, and the army was makiog It popular. That what was called “Holiness" was a real thing. Ha admired the army for their teaching, and thanked God for it. If their ways were not our ways he would to God he and othera bad more of their* methods and ways, and more courage and earnestness. Then many more might be brougbt-co Christ, and then there might be I more devout faith in God, whom we too often I nominally worship. In conclusion, Mr Camp j bell said that be held out the Christian band I of fellowship to tbe army, and hoped that . God would prosper them la their work. I Tbe Hob. Mr Campbell tbeu sec a memorial I block io position, saying. *• This block is well and truly laid in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Tbe Hon. Mr Campbell was presented with a polished mallet, or gavel, which had a silver plate on one aide bearing lbs following in scription :—" Presented to tbe Hou. James ' OampbaM, M.L.C., on the occasion of laying memorial block, Salvation Army Barr&cka;, B-Karat. April 2nd, 1884. Rev. Win. Booth, General," The memorial block contained the following [ inscription, rudely carved:— *• This block was j laid to the glory of God by tbe Hon. James Campbell, M.L.C. April 2nd, 1881*' Mr James Russell was presented with a gavel similar to Mr Campbell's, and fixed the second memorial block. Mr James Russell, M.L.A., in a practical 1 speech referred to the work of the Salvation Army in eulogistic terms, and hoped that np obatructlors would be thrown in their way. The speaker re echoed the sentiment! of Mr Campbell as to tbe impetus given to Christian work by the army. He was*glad to see bis “ twin brother," Mr Thomas Russell, on the platform. May God bless him. (Chorus of “Amens." For many a day be had never 1 ceased to pray for him, and tbe speaker hoped that tbe noble man would yet become a power in the Salvation Army, The Army would prove a strong power to spread holy living in the land- In conclusion, tbe speaker hoped that God would bless tbe. foundation of the barracks. (Jhorus of “Amens.’*) Major Barker, iu a few words, said that he hoped that the Christian Church here would bold out the tight hand of friend ship to tbe army, as was tbe case in the old country. S-afi-cdptaio Oxby, who lately arrived from England, spoke of the progress of the army io that country. ’ Major Barker tben recounted tbe incidents in connection with the Eagle Tavern and Grecian Theatre io London. Deputy-major Thurling gave an address upon the army as it is In Sooth Australia. private Tbumas Russell, "Our Special Re porter ” for the War Gry t gave a practical and eloquent address which evidently touched tbe feelings of tbeepeo'&tors.; He made a decided hit with tbe remark that tbe “ shouting" by othera and himself in tbe past bad nearly killed him, but tbe “ shouting" now made'him happy. His rescue from degradation had brought old friends around him. Private Doherty, tbe “Irish Fiddler," spoke in a quiet fashion. He said that at oue time people did not wish him within balf-a-mile of them, but soon tbey were anxious to shake hands. He said that be was a **crawler” about the time he .gave bis heait Cos G-od. He was now a trouble to no -one. The. ’police respected him .now in Melbourne. . He had had often to shun them, as they (the police) bad frequently raced after,- him. meeting the otber.oight, be. thought bis “heart would burst with love"; for,Jesus.*' He 1 hoped. that' God would bless the pepple of Ballarat,and all the spectators. ** ; -Captain‘Doyle- and others having /made a.; few'remarke, the proceedings terminated. • ' It maj.be! mentioned' that, the- barracks In; courße of are 90 feet in leDglhJby 40 feet inwidtb;thV height being proportion* S6ftwood faas’beeh used intheconatiuc tlonof thebuildiDg./which will 'be lathed'and! plastered) " The bsiracks are eatpnftted to*c6st £1420. Mr James Flint lartbe architect, and' Mr 'itreet, the The sub* stantiah . IT . .. ■ AT.FREP hall, . . . sSubaequently a tea-meeting at 't'ie Allred ' Hall was-Attended by 400 > .The alter-; • meeting at the irallwaa of "a;vcry ul -character, full; 3000 being present- ilnaddi ’tionl to tbe names of visitorapteviouilymen tioned there -weie on theplatforinxDeputy- Hnjor Sutherland, of- New. South'.Wale.Sj and Captaia Lindaaj. Tha gathoiing waa of- an exhilarating kind, and when-the people waved tbeit handkeiobieh' during the ebpruaes a’hovel effect -wee produced,. The collections for the day amounted to £l6 odd. The, meeting will •never bo forgotten by the epeoiatore. 