INTERCOLONIAL. JFROM OUR OWN CORBESPONDKTTS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, May 25. Heavy rain set in at an early hour on Satur- day morning, and continued almost without ces- sation throughout the day. The streets wore a deserted appearance, and whatever amusements and excursions had- been provided were abandoned. The Sydney Turf Club races, which were to have been run at Randwick, were postponed until next Saturday. The weather on Saturday night waa very stormy, and there was a heavy sea along the coaat. The rain moderated somewhat early this morning, but «howers continued to fall at intervals up till this afternoon, when the rain cleared off. Tonight the weather appears to be set fine. The rainfall haa been abundant over the greater part of the colony. Arrived : Cintra and Alexandra, steamers, from Brisbane, on Saturday. The Abington, bound from Launceston to Newcastle, put in through streaa of weather. Sailed: Belgravia, s., for London ; Ly-ee Moon and Leura, stearaera, for Briabane ; Victoria, a., for Gladstone, on Saturday. Taiwan, s., for Hongkong, on Sunday. VICTORIA. Melbourne, May 25. Colonel Sargood, aa Minister for Water Supply, formally opened on Saturday the new source of water supply for Geelong. The work has cost about £21,000. A number of marble statues, presented to the city by Mr. F. Stoddart, were unveiled on Saturday with great ceremony at Ballarat, in the Botanical Gardens. There was a procession of steamers, yachts, and rowing boats across Lake Wendouree prior to the unveiling cere- mony. A number of'the unemployed have taken an office for the purpose of regiatering applications for labour, and it ia said that they intend to form themselves into a co-operative society for the purpose of tendering for contracts. Alad named John Johnston has died in the hospital from injuries sustained while playing at football a few days ago. The Melbourne Hunt Club Races were held on Saturday on the Flemington course. The weather was fine, and there was a moderate at- tendance. The following were the results : Selling Race, 5 furlongs.-Liddington, 1 ; Saxon, 2 ; Knowledge, 3. Three horses started; won by a length. Time, lmin. 7sec. I Corinthian Flat Race, 3 mile.-Pailleroo, | 1 ; Manfred, 2 ; Petrel, 3. Four horses started ; won by a length. Time, lmin. 24sec. Flying Stakes, 4 furlongs.-Cupola, 1 ; The Ghost, 2 ; Pyrretto, 3. Fourteen others started; won by half a length. Time, 53sec. Open Steeplechase, 2^ miles.-Blackthorn, 1; Chippenham, 2. Three horsea started. Won by several lengths. Selling Stakes, 1 mile.-Impulac, 1 ; Eger- ton, 2 ; Pan, 3. Five others started. Won by several lengths. Time, lmin. 4Ssec. Queen's Birthday Stakes, J mile.-Pailleroo, 1 ; Ghost, 2 ; Cupola, 3. Fifteen others started. Won by half a length. Time, lmin. 20aec Later. The rainfall registered from 7 o'clock on Friday evening to 9 o'clock thia morning was 4*12in. The bulk of this, however, fell up to Saturday night. A good many dwellings in the low-lying parta of the suburbs were flooded, but no serious damage waa done. At Marrick- ville the land between the tramway and the Illawarra Railway line was entirely covered with water, and water is to be seen everywhere from Waterloo to Botany. The rain has, how- ever, been confined to the coast districts and some few places inland. Several vessels are weatherbound at different parts along the coast. The steamship Abington, belonging to a line of steamers running between London and Hobart, put in here on Saturday through stresB of weather. She was bound to Newcastle for coala. I A musical festival was held in the Exhibition I building on Saturday night in connection with I the Gospel Temperance Mission, and waa very ] fairly attended, notwithstanding the heavy rain. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, May 23. The weather waa fine on Saturday, and there was a good attendance at the races. The fol- lowing were the results : Hurdle Race.-Charcoal, 1; Agitation, 2; Noorong, 3. Nine horses started. Won easily by several lengths. Time, 5min. 22scc. Trial Handicap.-Gymkhana, 1 ; Lavington, 2; Gratitude, 3. Fourteen horses started. This was a grand race, Gymkhana only win- ning by half a.neck from Lavington, who beat Gratitude by the same distance for second place, with Manfred and Virtue not more than a neck from the third. Time, lmin. 19aec. Selling Race.-Lawn, 1 ; Ethel, 2 ; Narrative, 3\. Lawn won in a canter. A.R.C. Handicap.-Sting, 1 ; Little Sister, 2 ; Belmont, 3. The only other starter was Prince Patrick. Won on the post by a head, Belmont, a length off, third. Time, 2inin. 25scc. Steeplechase. - Chester, 1 ; Noorong, 2 ; Pinty, 3. Twelve horses started. AVon easily after a pretty race, ali the horsea jumping well. Totalisator Handicap.-Country Boy, 1; Sandal, 2 ; Wotonga, 3. Countryman, Madge, Lancaster, Killarney, Toskin, and Czarina also started. Won in a canter by a couple of lengthe. Time, lmin. 47scc. . The Marine Board held a special meeting on .Haturdav to consider tho circumstances con I nected with the grounding of the Swift at Point Malcolm, and decided to refer the case to the Court of Marine Inquiry. The journeymen bakers still remain firm in their demands. It is asserted that capital is available to start bakeries whenever tlio asso- ciation requires it. 