OUR SPORTING LETTER. (FROM ALBERT S. MANDERS, MELBOURNE.) " Tops is out and marbles is in," was the old un- t grammatical saying, "when we were boys together." t And now we are no longer in lace-draped petticoats, still we follow out the ideas of our youth, awl ex. " amplify the old saw, that " the boy is father to the l man" in that we now express ourselves by noting t that "the leash is out and the rein is in." To drop metaphor, however, this preamble means that coursing is now a "thing of the past" so far as this blessed year of our Lord 1884 is concerned, and that i we are now once more seriously interested in that e great British pastime which is so much beloved by I the representatives of the " right little, tight little island" in this bigger island of ours which geo-ra phers distinguish by the title of the "fifth Con- i tinent." .t As the sport of coursing is not dead but only sleeping. the quotation-de mnortius nit nisi bonumi can hardly be said to apply to it, and therefore I C may be excused, if, as an old coursing man, not only I on these shores, but on the "home of sport," I enter somewhat into a criticism of the past season's performances. Some dozen years ago the sport of coursing was introduced by some lovers of the leash, and being a new fangled idea, it was im mediately seized onby our "lords of creation" as something worth patronising, for by it they could gain plenty of Kudos without risking so vast a iquantity of the "siller," as many have found to their cost to be the case with the noble sport of kings-horse racing. They argued that once they had the possession of a greyhound it would only I cost about half'a-sov. a week to train it, instead of five or six times that amount as ia's required td bring out man's other best friend "fit to run for a man's life." The glory of having one's name tacked on to the list of Waterloo Cup winners was almost equal to that of owning a Melbourne Cup winner. "Much glory, little cost ;" and thus the sport !flourished for a time. Those great land proprietors, Messrs Clarke and Chirnsides setting a portion of their vast estates apart for the gratuitous use of the game. The sport went merrily on, judges were intro duced from England, sportsmen with plenty of " backbone imported the most fashionable " blood" existing in the old country, and dreams were fondly entertained by some enthusiasts that not only could we breed a dog that would astonish the old world, but, even the coursers in that dilapidatedjold spot would fly to Australia to find such climate, such coursing ground, such judges and such officials as could not be produced in the sea-girt shores of old England. But a change has come over the scene. Quite nine tenths of the colonial nabobs who supported the leash have fallen sway from that love they pro fessed for it, and the melancholy fact remains that coursing in Victoria is on the wane. Yet the answer is not difficult to find. In the old days when it was necessary to tramp for hour after hour there was ever some excitement in the waiting and watching for the we:come " so ho," and chiefly was there the glorious uncertainty that the owner of the waose dog in slips may through some lucky accident obtained the verdict. There were always these little affairs that made owners of the long tails live in hope that his favorite may bring grist to the mill by accidentally bowling over some great pot. But all those expectations have been knocked on the head by the introduction in our land of that system of enclosed coursing grounds, inaugurated by Mr Tom Case, of Plumpton, in Sussex. Here, if the judge be perfect, the best dog / must win. No uncertainty about it. Unless the courser possess a good greyhound he knows it is useless entering him with a big entrance money on these enclosed grounds, and so as he has not got the pluck or the coin necessary to complete with the squattocrats, he gets rid of the few dogs he has in the speediest manner possible. Is there any remedy for this ? I-believe there is, and a very simple one, for the effect of one trial has proved its efficacy. It lies in the fact that a reduced entrance money is absolutely necessary and this was fully exemplified at the late Sherwood Park meeting, when Mr J. B. Scott had full entries for the stakes run off on his pretty little ground, whereas the powerful Victorian Club was very modestly. supported on their oval the same. week, because they maintained their conservative tactics of having big entry money. They must take care I of this patter in framing their programme for next season, otherwise it will not require a prophet to predict a rank failure amongst the " fathers of the leash." Since its introduction, no two men have been stauncher supporters of the leash, than the Hon. Wnm. M'Culloch and Mr Robt. Chirnside, and it is indeed gratifying to chronicle the fact that their respective kennels have been to the force in nearly I all the good stakes run for this season. The two Sblue ribbons of the leash for instance, have been I won by them, for the N.S.W. Waterloo Cup was Swon by the Glenroy representatives-Monsoon, for whom Mr M'Culloch gave a big sum last season Safter this great soneof Chester had won the V.C.C. Derby, whilst the same dog occupied the position of runner-up in the Victorian Waterloo Cup, to Mr Chirnsides imported son of Bedfellow and Aunt SMartha--Melfort, who had previously distinguished \- himself on British soil. I say it is satisfactory to know that such enthusiasts have earned their re ward, and the hope of every true lover of the sport, I is that they may again be to the force. Some of the clubs which once made a big splash have deteriorated muchly, especially the A.C.C. and Sthe Ballarat C.C., whilst the North Gippsland has shone with great brilliancy. Itis noticeable that the two former stick to high entrance money, whilst our friends of the "new province" go for the sport, not Stroubling much about the dollars, their entrncs money only being enough to cover the expenses of the training of the winner. May such patriots flourish. But coursing is now synonymous with sour grapes, for we cannot get any. Therefore I go to wield the .sword's conqueror on what we can obtain-racing. Surely we have a plethora; for every Saturday for some three months to come is engaged by some metropolitan or suburban turf club. Certainly the season has commenced, and a more calamitous beginning was never seen except for theo wielders of the magic pencil, who generally come out square in the end, whichever way the issue may be. As I presume my readers know, the absolutely legitimate racing season always commences with the usually pleasant meeting~n the banks of the Hawkes. i bury River, where the principal event is the Hawkes bury Grand Handicap of 1 miles. For this event the erst champion of New Zealand was credited with the top weight after the withdrawal of his countryman, Martini-Henri; and notwithstanding that the handsomest horse south of the line was called upon to carry the heavy impost of 9st. the dollars were put down very freely on this great scion of The Lible family. But there was a small cacou ratcha buzzing about in the air, and the pen was put through his name to the intense disgust of every one, for the horse was backed to win no less a sum than £30,000; and notwithstanding that he was knocked about like a shuttlecock in the market, there were still nibblers after the golden bait. Now, how did this all come about ? As it has not yet appeared in print, I will be the first to enlighten the gentle, confiding public. Know, then, that we have amongst our ringleaders two certain books, who hate one another, like a certain gentleman--well, you knuw the rest; and each of these said bookies is an owner of racehorses. Now, No. 1 laid no less a sum than £10,000 to the booky No. 2 that No. 2's horse would not win the Hawkesbury Grand. Of course, this at once sent the horse up in the market, and the noble No. 1--who, by the bye, is one of the most progressive men in the ring-could not get round. So what does he do but backs Sir Modred to win him altogether about £15,000 at 15 to 1. But \- then Sir Modred's owner became sore that he could not get anything like such a price against his own property; so, a stroke of the pen, and it was done No. I had lost a cool thou. for certain, without standing anything against the £10,000 which the lines in his book showedhe still stood to lose. How ever, he was in luck's way, for his dreaded wager fel to the ground, the winner turning up in the despised outsider, Hastings. And then came a further series of pen dashes, Malua and Off Color for the Metrop., and that greatest of all surprises, the victory of Sir Modrea in the race, he not being thought to have the ghost of a show after his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Malua and Off Color. And then again he won in a canter from those two in the Craven Plate of 1¼ mile. However, I am at the end of my tether, but in my Snext I shall have something more to say on this Smatter, as well as on other sports. 