The Novelist. The Widow Blanc. AT AL EOF THE TIMES. IN K01 CHAPTBBS. 4- BT N. WAWIB SWAK. CHAPTEB II.-PEKTJSINO A POETBAIT. Above the signature and apparently written haste; but carefully marked out by repeated lia being drawn across it, was another sentence th o uld not be read. It was possibly an indicate of tho spot from which the writer would ent upon the "glittering broadway" alluded to 1 tho unfortunate. John Grant felt as if there were somethir weird in the box and in the room. The militai cap with the sword slash in it, as he nowknev stiff with blcoi; the dull shines on the tarnishi lace ; the gleam of the pipeclayed trousers out < the shadow where they lay ; the fantastic sbaj the light threw from tho box to the floor, seeme to bring a presence back j and the Btrong digg< started as the siout paper crackled and turne round his hand liko a clasp. He faltas thoug he could not resist arriving at a conclusion, as i indeed, a presence was there in waiting for it and ho reached it not through the turgid writin he had perused, but through the gaping deft i tho cap that was lying at his feet. It was th sword wound inspired tho coufossion of the mad man. How much of it was due to a disordere* raindP How much of it was true P Tho nigh was warm and sleepless, and tho noises had lef the street, when Giant again stoopod over th« box. There were packets of letters carefully tied. These he lifted out gently and put away as ono might treat memories that are full of sor roV. Beneath thom, as though carpeting th( bottom, was a square picco of parchment papor half written, half printed. Tho diggor looked ir wonder. The form and features of it were as fa miliar bo him as tho sound of his cradle, or tb{ handlo of his pick. It was a deposit receipt foi 800 oz. of gold. Grant carefully examined il with something very liko a sigh of regret, but il was genuine. Then there was no escapo from breaking further into the unfortunate man's his tory. The letters must bo read. Who was tho unfor tunate wife that had boen left to starve, probably from some mad hallucination of ber husband f How much misery might not that Indian box re lievo amongst those who by right and justice were entitled to the treasure the piece of paroh ment represented. And so the puzzle of tho open box, and its elfish shadow, and dead man's clothes, was growing. To say that Grant was profoundly interested, would but, bo to repre3onfc him as any man would bounder similar circumstances, and yet when ho changed his position from tho little dressing table to tho bed, he sat down and looked around him with an appearance of weariness aud a seeming of irapatiunco. Thero lay a fortuno be fore bim which placed upon him a duty that was almost -sacred, to find out who was or wero tho rightful hoirs. If what they were, or what the dead man's wife was, agreed with the manuscript he had read, should ho nob study tho dead man's wishes P If tho confession, as it wight bo called, .was but the imaginings of au aberrated mind, bo must render justice and violate the suicide's last expressed desire. Ho shrank from the letters, but there was no other way of setting about a uty that seemed to have been thrust upon him y fate. They contained the clue, and to thom o must apply himself for informationj but it ir ns so like lifting cerements and dragging back o light dead and buried sins. While he thought thus in the silence he felt something touch his hand. Grant was a strong, firmly-nerved man, bub ho started, a second time that night, as though an unexpected presence had invaded the room, and ho looked quickly down by his right Bide to find that his fingers had touched tho daguerreotype which was lying on the bed.beside him. With a half smile at his trepidation, he took it up and looked at it care lessly. It showed the face of a handsome woman, and Grant thought of a face ho know afc Boulder Point. Somehow tho association thus called up attracted him to a closer oxaminafcion. Ho had seen the face before, and he had nob seen it ; again, it waa liko a memory that was distant and misty ; again, it scorned to steal upon him, and rgain retreat. From the intellectual forehead the hair waa drawn back in plain banda. The eyes seemed noither dark nor light, but their ex pression, with that of the mouth and face,seemed to hold an alliance of fcwootness and strength and suffering. The portrait must hax:> been taken at a time when the sitter had just begun to see that shadows were approaching ; otherwise, in tho wo man thus revealed was somofching like a resolute devotion. Grant thought that the pose of tho figure was familiar, and again he thought he re cognised the manner in which a lace shawl rested on the shoulders. Ile moved over to the table again, where the lamp waa standing, and looked steadily at it with great intentness. There was, he found, one thing in tho portrait that had given the idea of familiarity-the brooch. Ho had seen it before, but where, or under what circum stances of his checkered life he could not remem ber. The dreamy recognition had become drea mier than ever. He.felt no longer his old hesi tation as'to tho papers. It was impossible for him to sleep now, and he undid the first packet and read the first letter, lt was a folded sheet, bearing post marks on the back, and addressed to James Morrah, Bendigo Post-office, in a stron g, plain femalo hand. Hp unfolded it with the feeling of rt trespasser. This is what the lotter conta'ned-j ; " Fryer's Gully, August 28. "My dear husband, " rt is now three months since I heard from you. You told mo then you wero in a very rich clairn, and for your sake, who are so fond of. money, I felt glad that the struggle we have had was likely to be over soon j but I cannot tell the reason of your long silence. I am sn: you will pardon the anxiety of a wife, who, apa from the love she bears yon, is likely to hold yet more sacred position in your regard, if I ye: lure to hop« that the promise you so solemn! made to me on the morning of your leaving hi been kept, as you assured me it would be, ' i faithfully/ yon eaid, as I kept nay vow given 1 yon, and registered it before Qed at the altar. '. waa a solemn promise, that, and I would not hai alluded to it now, but I feel the present to 1 solemn. There is the danger and the fear < the trial, and there is the prospect of a dean interest and a dearer tie to life and tc you. It : very lonely without yo«, and has been ao throug all the poriod of yoor absence j but to-day I fe< a foret oding that 1 cannot well shake off. It is feeling of gloom and desertion, and a ehrinkin as from a coming storm. You will remember th time, James, when last you gave way to exec«: how terrible it waa to me-the allusion about th imaginary letter, and about myaelf. I only nam this period, upon which I look back with f f ai to recall io you the worda of Dr. Sharpe. The were, that another indulgence, reacting upo your wound, might prove disastrous. He judg that a second attack would not develop the ordi nary confusion of idoas attendant upon the deli rium caused by alcohol, but (his expression was 'a panorama of connected yet imaginary events whick might drive you into an extreme of happ; excitation, or, vice versa, to end in a fixed deter ruination to commit suicide.' This ia tho akeletoi that is haunting me. J am not in want of money thanks to your goodness, but I catch myself long ing to have you near me again, or, failing this to know of a surety that you aro well, and tba my place in your heart is aa secure aa your place in mino. "Our married lifo has been but short as yet but it has been blessed with happiness, and thert is only tho Bhadow of tho ono fear upon it. ] feel it would be weak and wrong of mo to ask yoi to foreake tho prospects you last doecribed, anc come homo to mo, but tho early parting which necessity has imposed seems cruel. Could I not go with you P What matter how rough tho sheltoi may bo if it yield to us the blessing of union J Tell me what you think of tho proposal. Think that I am lonely, and write. Remember that your letters carry mo through those empty days, and above all things, be strong against tho temp tation which, yielding to it, might bring calamity to our lives. " Your lov'ng wifo. MARGARET." " By chanco," muttered Grant, " I have read the right letter, They aro arranged according to date. The first I opened waa tho last the unfor tunate man put by. The calamity came to that poor woman, sure enough." He took up the portrait with fresh interest, and looked at the remarkable faco pityingly. Some how tho dovotion of tho expression scorned to have increased, and tho shadow of troublo looked darker, but there waa still tho same flickering familiarity about tho picture. Tho history of the trial put beforo him as plainly as tho evidenco of the eonfoseion, tho military cap and the lotter could, seemed to remove thc probability of hie having known any of tho parties concerned ye t fart her away. Ho had neither heard nor read of such a story, and yet ibero waa comparative wealth in his possession waiting for the desired wife. How should hefindhor? how learn that she was alive, or that she had died in the loneli ness of her desertion and want. Ho sat Bur rouuded by the broken links till tho grey dawn crept up behind the pea. ####** Tho community living at Boulder Point was a scattered one. Tho neighboura there were far apart. Houses were perched upon the hill aide, close to where the white earth from the tunnels waa being emptied. Such flat ridges aa wer o found upon the shoulders of tho rangea were utilised for gardens, and tho paths that crossed each other and ran branching off at every anglo looked not vmliko an irregular not-work of tapes lying on the green turf. Upon tho plateau near the Point was a sort of disjointed township-dis jointed because of the necessities for shado and shelter which the big trees offered. Tho houses wore in clusters near where the trees stood, and they Gaught the shado when the sun A as ab its hottest, and nestled in shelter when tho wind and I rain came down from the north, and Bwept across tho little plain. The miners who lived by what they won from the white-mouthed tunnels in the bille* breast, sluiced afc the creek that hurried past tho Point whero tho rocky boulders lay ; and over from tho settlement were to bo Boen the billa in constant snow that BO often took an opal ine lustre when tho Bhino of the sun was on thom. If in that little cluster of human life were all the heart-burnings and bitternesses insepar able from it, there were also the simple virtue, the persevering toil, and tho indomitable heroism -none tho less heroic that it was unknown, and bounded by tho closer tiers of hills which circled it. Mining lifo thoro had its brightness and its shadows ; it had ita drunkenness and fights and vengeful feelings; but it was, on tho whole, purer and moro unstained than olsowhero, where there aro thousands at toil, with vice awaiting a share of the gain in tho huddled streets. The public interest, as tho publicans called it, wa3 repre sented by two hotels ; and the general commercial wants of the consumer were supplied by two stores regularly visited by enduring commercial travellers, who branched from their circuito to supply the " Boulders." The digger who entered upon tho iask of anew fence, a crop of cabbage?, or a bed of potatoes, furnished food for gossip that, being slow, lasted many days. Fi om the creek below there were the constant sounds of labour floating upwards. The calm noes ef the laboring time was seldom rnfflod, and tho beauties of the glen and tho creek Bide, where the long shadows carno from the rocks and the gnarled treeB, were nob to be surpassed. Widow Blane kept the Pheonix store, which, waa narrow, and ,high and gloomy. lb boasted the most select and diversified stock in the aettle I menb, taking for its useful purpose the wide range i between ^Horrocks' longcloths and Chinaman's ; cauliflowers. At Widow Blane's emporium many j little driblets of gold were weighed and bong and diggers used to loiter in when the long nigl came down, to earnestly discnss matters app faining to the world beyond them, by the light a tallow candle, and in the fragrance of the Ph nix tobacco. It was carions to see the wid and her customers in the twilight which the ct die manufactured oat of the darkness, spendi a short time after the supper hoar in tho sh< She might hare been 80 by her white hair, I waa probaply not more than 30 by her face, whi waa so fair to look at and BO calm and patient study. There were fine but indelible lines bel< the full brave eyes, with their dark fringes ai delicate brows. It was not long before the. minc by some subtle intuition, felt how; different ß was from them and their wives. "Her repose! look seemed to have in it a waiting and quostio ing of some coming tiree j and the rough me with their bare arms and throats and heavy lim' wondered at her grace of movement, and t1 Sraciousnesa of her smile. She knew tho eh: ren there, and lifted for them many of thc young burdens. They, and many that wero o enough to look out on life, and wonder and drea of the fruition which the days might brin found how the widow could sustain and comfo by hor hopeful words, and by the language « sympathy that her presence ppoke. Tho usual cirolo was one evening scated in tl usual manner on Bugar mats or cases which ha once contained wares. There was a sort < I gloomy indistinctness about them as they vei fcured to move or speak, while Mrs. Blane, as th central figure behind tho counter, looked lighte up with the single dim flarno of the candle, an the frame of her white hair. Behind hor wt the darkness, and before, it waa just dispelle sufficiently to show vague figures and faces. " Ma'am," said one, whoso beard, growin high upon his checks, and being of tho coulour < tho gloom, made the dim whitish spot represonl ing his face unnaturally small, "ma'am, I cam up in hope of bein' ablo to borrow the papej This is Wednesday, and the wife, she thoughl as having timo, sho might finish the story." " Mrs. Brown has not returned it yet, Diek but I promise you, you shall bo tho next t get it." Dick thanked her, and gave his attention to raw potato he had taken from a bag near him. " I can tell you ono thing, Dick," spoke a so lemn voico that was somewhere, "there ain' no now prospecting rules in the paper. Mi Crown did tell mo so/' Another voice from a solid looking man, jus within the circle of candlelight-" If Dickhai thom there now rules, ho wouldn't a bin here th night. He'd a bin m&rkin;' off of his patch Eh, Dick ?" "Well, lads," Dick made answer, "I don' dony it ; and the sooner the better for all of ua When I git in the pegs you'll know the spot." Another voice somewhere-*. If Dick knew th< rulos now, he'd wait till Grant came back, auc when Grant does como back he'll be no end of t swell, all full of yarns about what ho seo ii town, and the shows and tho instiBtushions anc shops and people. He'll bo a good while afore h( wears himself out, and tho longer tho better Jack don' forgot what he soe3. What d'ye say, lads ? he'll have plenty to liston to him of ar evening/* ; At this there was a period of silence, wkicl indicated approval. and assent, Ono, who had smoked stoadily hitherto, and who was noted foi tho despairing tenor of his mind, said " Grant'll got lost and in tho lock-up, and hi won't bo here not when his fortnight's up. Hit botherm* about 'ill knock all what he seoB out ol ! his hoad, and he'll havo no yarns." i This was Mr. Dodd ; and that gentleman hav ! ing once launched upon tho darker possibilities of tho ca8o,was about to dwell on further contin gencies when he stopped to look at tho ownci of a footstop that had also stopped at thc threshold. I All tho time Widow Blane leaned over the counter, resting on it with her elbows, and fol lowing with her eyes tho direction of each speaker. She looked, with her strange contrast of faco and hair and eyes, like tho fanciful sketch of a spirit that was in tho light, listening to tho aspirations of others that wero in tho shadow of tho darkness,oho only to be seen vivid and bright, tho others dim, and nearly unreal, behind tho gl0( m. Her eyes also wero upon tho threshold, waiting to recognise tho now comer. Dick, who was anxious about tho prospecting regulations, was tho first to speak, with a startled ring of surprise in his voice " Durn my rags, if it ain't Jaok--Jack Grant hissolf I Why-wot-wot d'ye mean, Jaok Grant, a comin' back like this here, an' surprisin' people like a ghost P Yor time -ain'tupi an' we don't expect ye." " Well done, Jaok, old son., You're always wel come," was the greeting of the others; '.D'ye-see much?" <t Mr. Dodd.--" How of teri were you in tho lock up, Jack ; how much did ye lose j weren't'yer'hed bothorod ; come now P" /j v Mrs. Blane had raised herself from heir posi tion on tho counter, and stood back from tho light, Thero was the faint shadow of a flush on her face, and thero was a brighter and quicker I light in her oyes, before speaking. "Whether you have fared well or ill, you are welcome to Boulder Point again." She spoke distinctly and slowly, and like the others "who wero in gloom before the counter, she retreated into the gloom that was behind it. Mr. Grant received tho widow's salutation with a somewhat earnest look, and his face showed pleasure when his fingers closed on her pretty hand. ' _ ; . ' - ' : -: Mr. Dodd, to whom the premature arrival gave newly-born hope of disaster, looked benignly at his pipo, and delivered himself agoin : ' ',' v" "Wot kind is the lock-ups in towri, Jack? Did .they put-tho darbies on P An'wot about tho beaks, and tho muddlin' and mixin* of every thing in yer hed ? Tell UB all about it { we're friends, ye know." " I don't know anything about tho lock-ups, boys ; but Dodd is not far astray about the mud dling and mixing of things in ono's head. I did T not find tho city life os pleasant and pleasura as I anticipated: Everything there seems oooj and hurried and strange. The feeling of freed and of ease quits one in the big towns. Befor was there two Honrs, I began to long to be at 1 eld sluice by the creek side again. The picti it leaves is one that is filled with streets and 1 buildings,-and a constant moving past of m and women and bright colours. One comes gardens in the heart of the town, filled with trc and flowers as strange as the faces in the stree Everyone is so anxious and in such haste, thal man like me, with nothing to do but to stand a] look round him and watch the people sweepi] on, begins to feel ashamed of not having som thing to hurry him, too, and he is far more lone than he was np in the hills here, putting down abaft, or washing out a prospect. There is alwa a glare runs through the night, and lights hui and flare on everything. The streets are string« with lamps like rows cf beads on fire, and the are on the cab9, too, moving and rushing aboi Uko wUl-o'-the-wisps. In among them and ou sido and under them aro women in silks, wit flashing stones and beautiful faces, andlanguag that ne man here would uso. Thia ia the othe part of the life. The hurrying people, with thei caro and trouble, quit the streets early when th shops are closed, and the town with its day lif soems to got a spoil beforo the night lifo bogmt And when lt does begin the faces it Bhows to on are more unhomely than those cf tho day. Thes aro not people who look hurried or anxious. Ol the whole there is moro glitter and pretence abou thom. They may be, most of them, very groa people, and pooplo of wealth, judging accordin| to their chains and rings, and dangling things o gold and stones ; but I did not eeo ono of then I would trust half an ounco of gold with. Thoj hang about tho theatres and bars, and I felt a if their lifo and my life were as different as i they lived in the moon instead of at Bouldoi Point, and had brought their customs with them Mr. Dodd made himsolf audible from the gloon again. " Didn't ye loso yor way, come new?" " I nearly lost my way once. Going baok to raj lodginga one night, I hoard a poor woman Boroam ing in a lane. I was passing, and I ran up and saw a man beating her. When I had driven him away and saw tho woman go into her house, J found about 20 young fellows, half men and half boys, round, trying to bustle me." Grant paused, and laughed. " Well, I never Baw a crowd run so fast when the two leaderB got hurt, and I don't think/' con tinued tho speaker, slowly, in the dim light, aa if ruminating, " that I ever saw two men shoot so far before thoy tonohed ground. I was terribly frightened they would never get up. Aa for my coming home so early, ladB, I just came back be cause I had moro than enough of town, barring j the sea and tho ships j and I was kind of homoBick I for the old gully hero, and th'e rooks and trees, I and shadows and faces that I know so well. Mrs. Blauo, shall I put up tho shutters ?" j This waa tho signal for dispersion, and tho dig* t gera moved out towards their homes. Grant, as was his custom, made all secure, and bado Mrs. Blane good-night. ! ; "I forgot, Mrs. Blane," ho said, with some ljriusual hesitancy ' of manner, " to ask how Ann is p' I did not see her with you to-night." I .' Ann, I believo, is well, John, She ia at Mor rison's, and will nut be back till to-morrow. Don't look so surprised. I am not afraid to bo alone," with a quick look from her dark eyes, " now that you are back. I often say'that Mr. Grant is not half a call from me should anything happen in thia peaceful placo." Sho paused, looking across the doorway upon the Btars, Again, with tho candle in her hand thus, sho looked BO strange and unfitted to tba . incongruous surroundings, that the minor won-... dored at tho picturo tho candió gave against tho black background, formed so much by her per fectly whito and shining hair. Contrary to her wont, sho held out hor Bhapely hand again as sho said good-night. Jack took the hand for toe second time, and, scarcely knowing what he did, gently preseed it. Tho faint flush again visited the widow's f aco, and a warm look swept her eyes, but it was so evanescent that tho dim light did did not show it ; on tho contrary, there was only evident a dignity of bearing which Grant had of ten Boon upon hor beforo. " It is now late, Mr. Orant. We do not keep . city hours at Boulder Point." Still Grant hesitated and then awkwardly said : " If you have any goods to move about to-morrow: Mrs. Blane, or any alterations to make, I'll-I won't go to work, I mean for a day or two. " " I'll think ovor what you say." . " The flour and potatoes and sugar want stow ing, and there are those drawers and that shelving todo." i 5* Thank you for your kindness.'' I. ! " The faot ia, your banda and your strength aro net7fitted'for the rough work you set for : yourself, and Miss Ann fldgets! eo that, well, I think you ought to take advantage of my couple bf idle days." ; There was no change in the lady's faco. She seemed but waiting till Mr. Grant would leave, with that something of mystery about her that made her so difficult to reach; : " Good-night. I hope to Bet to work early to morrow." , " Good-night." ; Mrs. Blane put the oandlo on tho counter, watched the strong figure turn past the corner of tier store and dwelling to her own cottage. Long after the sound of his footsteps had died away, she watched, as following himwith her thoughts. Upon tho plateau. round there were scattered lights. The sound of voices came to where she stood from one of tho public houses. The win dows of the hill-Bide huts gave twinkles uponlho darkness, and overhead the silent Btars wera bright. Mrs. Blane stood thus watching or wait ing for she know not what. She know she was alone with her own thoughts, and Bho wondered that the courseB of the years could have brought her there, with the meridian of her lifo acaree pasaod. None but herself could guess at the scenes that flitted before her in that quiet retro spect, or the voices and faces that came up with their memories, fíat of them ail, she thought, tere was not one face BO strong, or so good, as at of John Grant, not one voice of them all at gave Eèr such a sense of safety and trust. Bnd if her face could have been seen, it would have shown that the shadow of past suffering and the cloud of present sorrow were upon it. When I she went back to the dark store the candle showed t that her eyes were fall of tears, that tho lines by I her sensitive mouth h'ad deepened, and that the I graceful and dignified Mrs. Blane, with the calm I brave eyes, had flung herself on the floor of her i little parlour in a passion of sobbing. The candle I would have farther showed that when the stained 1 face, looking so strange, and still so comely, be I low some straying locks of white hair, raised i itself, seemingly, from the tumult that had con I quered, the widow and mother sought comfort I and strength in prayer, j (TO BB tfôNTDrtriD.) 