THE SALVATION ARMY. LECTURE BY THE REV. J. HENRY. A lecture was given at the Presbyterian Church on Friday evening by the Rev. J. Henry on " The Salvation Army ; its Weakness and its Strength." The lecturer commenced his address by remarking that whatever •pinions might be entertained as to the value jf the movement, there could be no doubt that the Salvation Army was a great fact—a widelyextended organisation, which was making itselt felt in all quarters o) the globe. Its existence could not be ignored, nor could any deny that it was a mighty lever lifting up multitudes out of the slough of vice, misery, and crime. Founded 19 years ago in London under the name of the Christian Mission, it remained for some years doing good work effectively u obscurely, but about 11 years since it received a new name and a new organisation, aud since then bad attracted a larger amount of public attention, though strictly speaking the Army in its present character could only claim to be four vears old. After a brief sketch of the present position of'the Army numerically and financially, with a glance at the means i which the advance had been secured, ti meaker proceeded to examine the elements Site strength, which he considered to be as ?„° _iz —First, a powerful and absorbing ISionin the mindsof theleaders that they were doing the work of God. As an example „f thoroughdevotednessarismg from such a conation and its result, the lecturer instanced the 0f the leader of the movement jn Australia He bad landed in Melbourne at the «td of 1882 a stranger in a strange land, without introductions and almost penniless j yet at the present time—only 17 months after his nrrival—the Army he represented held property in Victoria to the value of £14,000, and Lied from their own printing pre?s a weekly raoer having a circulation of 70,000. And {his succcss was achieved not by the donations of the wealthy, but by the coppers of the poor, showing that men when they had divine truth deposited in their hearts, like leaven among meal would feel it a privilege to pay for its support and propagation. Such a conviction impelled Luther to his work four centuries ago, aod inspired the labors of Dr. Livingstone in more Tecent years. A second element of the Army's strength was the intense earnestness which appeared to pervade all the members. Earnestness in any cause was always influential and infectious, and whatever might be tbefaults, foibles, orblunders of theSalvation Army, there was no doubt that a burning and talismanic earnestness ran through all its raukf. The third element was the evangelical character of the preaching and doctrine. The entire tenor of the War Cry was Buch as to leave no particle of doubt on this head, the three cardinal truths it consistently inculcated being :—(1) The ruin of man ; (2) redemption by the blocd of Christ alone ; (3) the sprinkling of the blood on the soul and conscience by the Holy Ghost. These three truths constituted the cream of the gospel, and went to the very root of mischief in our nature. The addresses or sermons of the Army were extremely direct and personal —not personal in an offensive sense, but in the sense of intending to hit, and hitting. Such directness was in itBelf an element of power in all phases of life : the trader recognised it when he asked, " Will you buy ?" the Salvationist when he put the home question, " Do you believe ?" Another element of strength was the complete organisation and discipline of the Army. System or method was most helpful in all branches of work, and its value was never better exemplified than in the present instance. The lecturer here quoted from one of the publications issued by the Army some anecdotes illustrating the results of the work done, giving names and full particulars of a number of persons retcned from a life ot sin and misery. A fifth element of strength was to be lound in the abundant use of female assistance. It bad been'said, " There never was a foul deed done but there was a woman in it," but whatever truth there might be in the Baying, it was at least equally true that there was never any really noble work performed without the help of woman, and the abundant employment ol female labor was evidence of thorough practical wisdom on the part of the Church of R-mie and on the part of the Salvation Army. If woman was first made out of man, she in her turn re-made man, and made him a better man than lie was before. If she was first in trausgression, she also took the larger share of restoration. The sixth clement was the full equipment of the Army. It had its own surveyors and architects, its own couuuii*amt; and if thisarrangement rau somechauc^of proving ultimately too unwieldy, it had in themcoBtime at least the advantage of keapiug the finances within the organisation. Here, then, were six distinct elements of strength, and if it had been said " A threefold cord is not easily broken," how much more eurely could it be affirmed that a sixfold cord would be difficult to fracture I The Army had sprung up like Jonah's gourd, but it would by . no means perish so quickly. Having thus pointed out what he held to be elements or strength in the Army, the lecturer went on to indicate what he considered to be its weak points, premising that the latter portion of his task was less congenial than the former. The first point to which he took exception was the system of nomenclature—the adoption of military titles. He thought there was quite enough of the militant" element in the church already without the introduction of any more, and as leelings and words expressing them acted and re-acted on each other, he did not think the choice of this peculiar phraseology cither becoming or appropriate. The stem control, severe drill, and rigid routine of soldiers' life and work seemed to him inappropriate and out ot place in connection with a religious society, becondly, he objected to the instrumental music chosen. He had no objection to instrumental music per se. but the Dumber and kiwi of instruments used by the Salvation Army, with the noise rather than music which they created, reminded him often of the idolatrouB saturnalia on the Plain of Dura. There might oe precious ingredients in such music, DM they were: what Milton would call hrf^nV peari and gold." In other words, ne thought such, music in the Bolemu worship M Uod, barbarous. Brass instruments, tamt W ^ b 'S drumB with their terrific 4114 oat of P^e in a service hearth M was piercing the eW nt ;r e ,. Em 8 6 enemies." A third etement of weakness wasjhe irreverent use of Mcrai words and ejaculations. He objected, wWmaIS, A -to V^onl'nary frequency Sa \ t - be * USKi the word " Hallelujah, the, indiscriminate employment of "such phrases as "saved by Jesus," "cleansed by the blood of the Limb," &c.;, &c.; An old proverb Baid, " Familiarity breeds contempt," and the couaUmt use of such words was irreverent and calculated rather to scandalize than to solemnise the ideas they represented. "Hallelujah lasses" was also an appellation tending to bring sacred things into ridicule ; and he disliked such terms as "Haitland Militants," " Penrith Pemelites," &c.; Alliteration.of the kind might please some ; but was it not just a little silly ? A valuable picture should have a costly frame. It was incongruous to see a jewel in a swine's snout, and so, also, sacred names should not be bandied about like a football. But still more serious objection must be taken to the system of giving countenance to the doctrine and practice of " healing by faith." He by no means thought this was an essential part of the Army's creed, or that all leaders and officers practised it; but numerous letters and reports iu the War Cry clearly indicated a belief in and sympathy with this business of healing by faith ; end as he believed this to be nothing but dt- ceplion and villainy—an old heathen foim of swindling—he regarded it as matter fordeep regret that the Salvation Army should in any way have countenanced it. The lecturer next took exception to the practice of • xhibititig trophies. For weeks past this advertisement had appeared in the Melbourne dailies :— " A Salvation Army prand exhibition of troplilcs. including converted drunkards, cmmblcrG,prizefighters, criminals, Infidels, numerous others." The impropriety of such an exhibition was beyond all doubt. Other objections, contioued the. speaker, might be stated—such as the formation ot a new religious sect,—but he preferred dwelling on the brighter side of the picture. The Army was yet young, and some allowance must be made for that. As it grew older it would no doubt grow wiser, and in the meantime all must admit it was doing good rough work for Qod and man—breaking up the fallow ground with the ploughshare of Divine truth. After some further reference to the work which the Army was doing, and to the claims which it had for hearty support, the lecturer concluded a highly interesting lecture, which was listened to with marked attention by an intelligent audience. The foregoing is merely a rough outline of Mr. Henry's address, which was copiously interlarded with quotations from the works of various writers. At intervals during the lecture some vocal music was given by the choir; Mr. Henry, junr., presiding at the harmonium. 