' SCterd shol, lie ih r? . After a long retirement froni the ' fildl of literary attle, I aoi in onfold a my bannero;L and am prepaired, to', ageof [war wherever dutyl demands.: I chdnnot think ofi amore warliko 0 b fitting subject. tlian'iGenlerl .Gordon, about whom .we areallF so anxious. dc He'i a iwonderfl: man, lthis; Gordon; P nan wIll ih deserves the syi-pathy'-of ,0very .human; being elwho admires chivalric bravery, honesty," and integ- $f rity, comlbined::?with; a nobleness "of P chlitaricter which is ?e?y rarely exhibited ini;these, iiercoiiary days. i Even,the A Cup could not:entirely iobliterate the a, interest felt in him, and the telegrafits ha ofhis dlefeatfiid capture, which arrisel ' just on. the eve of oui gre'?i racing ' carnival, elicited expressions of genuine tli iegret from' many whose concern about 1l things outside of those personally es inttresttngst' scry small indeed. If in ever. Gordon, gets . back., fronm the he Soudan,, very little praise will be due hI to' the 'British "Goverinment forlthe m fai, hWid'. siticerely hiopq tlie piblic L f n Eigladii' will . place hifi in, such., a I position that he will i be able to give, o efdect to the disgust' felt by- him 'at the 91 delay natid iidecisioni' hich ?"of late,' i have lieets costing Enigland so .dearly. st WVhat a Prime Minister lihe would hi make ! t .. " .: , :. , ". , d INow, about this Cup.: I mustcon- I tesg that'I: amt not "great' on' raesw: Tlhe; aresi'ot my" strong .poinLt.' ? Th extetdi' of:.",in; , i speculationi generally consists of a chanceiorite?o in a hailf eroin sweep, and:the less' I see of the cing, the' better I am 'pleased. I. , hevoer could rellisii the idea of .pndfing g about sliit iurs to witness as'.maniy, aces,. the longest :of vwhich actially i occupied less than five 'minutes. Of P course, I know thiat'I still l e voted' h hnodleby thehhoisandsa.wdiho hs given tleir name.to the flat' and by:thosel'of i higher degree, but I spent two hours P nl' Tuesday endeavoring to raise some entihusiasm and to alter my convictions y on,this point,., without, ,I lay say,' a P pirticle of success. ,'Ithavce seen llty first and last Cup race, and, with l.ll ' due respect to the.rfporterse who write columnscof guish;i to order, ,I never o saw a more metely or sickly: crowd iin illliny life. Those patronisig?the ill. e?iee' c:cdged so ti;tl.tltat that thede aaas room for nothing but an exchange of confidences on the .results of the f next' race. The grand 'standi ' as as bid, if not a trifle'?I os?''cbec-iase thos t that had secured seats ;creo.afraid to move from them for fear of: losing a theit; whilst on thIt flat;' itlhou°ht there e, tdas plenty of' rdni; an'id° dili, peo?le I occupied.as much asthey, could .oflit, e still most of .them. seemed anxious- to i 'see:how close they could'squeeze thelf-i selves iiind their neighldor to d th fdience iwhich separated the? frois tlie ;teiack?? bNor. was ..tiere :::mucl distinction, b 'except: that of; clothing,ibetwcei the r "'sexes. TIe cruisi~~gi nd'squid'' q zg 'seemed to be a 'process thoroughly r contagious and enjoyable, to ::udge iby the:: liberal indulgence t itn it . No wonder foreigincrssay that T'we ilit'a , queer 5way of plneasurtuc Such must have been the toerdict of tltose .,rho f witnessed the Oup crowd. ;Perhaps the only really happy effort ° of. tlhe:dy, the one genuine but of rich fun, wasthe way in which the crowd t of orogglers at tihet'iraila gates gave cheers fo ?Ir. 'Speight. That was a ' bit'oflhumuor not to 'be lost sight of., Poor devils, they needed some comfort after puatuin: fdor' tlri~ciuarter~ of an hdour and finding:thlniselves just as far as they werre when they. commenced. And about the'; winniersa. Almost Severybody .I.have met since,' assures i;te that 'he had the safe tip a week , bifore and :could hi~iad' in;ade' aniy am'oun t .f'niixoey. ,,uVheni I ask 'hat' they. :netted, I",Ifinda?that :they were either' short' of funds just before the ,event and .therefore could not: back their knowledge, or'Cb ; thatbipy never' speculate i;, horse racing! .: How com forting it, is to know'tthat'you "are as hard up as ever tthe' Crislied tragedian" was, andi niight hiae lifted your ,,thousands ; ' on .thebed- rock,'. as .' E. Joones woilld say, and' might liave rise" wth'itia id yhet'"tfroi sliiieer principle, from, a fr. rlvey.,to have, nothin to .do wththe cankering worni of speculation, your allow" your ci'ance to'run to 'iwste,, bottle' ip yiour s"ec~ret11 .1, intelligence ands tlod along~ in the duillhumdrum of-daildlife. i Quite I worthy of admiration, isn'tiit I ?And ° then':" ~ou"'have ':the' satisfactio-' 'of isiinjjvg wh'in,you tell your friends of 1itat you could.ha vedone, and see th smile flitting over their face, that: they thiiki either you are'an"idiot or else . fancythy t reeor.both.? ;, "I The annexationlbof as mnch of Newi Guinea. as the Britisl;"1 Govermii'ent Scarels about having;, is,. virtually an unaccomiplished fact.. Some of us,no doubt have felt very sore because "'the it Home' authoities ': vould` not 'go the whole hog, but there really seems very little encouragementofi lite, ,for.either a England or anyother country to go a colonistn. En.glaind in South Africa and EgptFrtiuce itt N.tltl Afric' Madaalscear anid Tonquini Gih e.rmanyi SPortugal, anrid G.Belgtim ?rin Western Africa, all have had a irather? i ?ri 'timith of it,?'a·d ;are spendihg a lot of money wiith a. prospet?ti of very li:, ttle return :.. In ?tlie' face 'of this ('r. SGladstone hass?"rehso:ito pIaus' h'anid d serioiusl, considewr walt the iiftiia?e ' results are likely to be.,j. It.as all ery v well.for us ;-to think", that we 'cban Smanage New Giinea; but if it camocti ,a cas of war Ifanly weo eitlier e have to? call, on tEngland to defdnd bothl Neew Guinea and oumiielves; 'or Selse pay down: i handiidsome sum for our it safety"''In'it Iya'se eBuIld'nriot dany of the great powers; and insteadl of beinog a soumce of.strength it nighlt easily itroveak wmknes't ii.n "Hote once we can .goe, at',ts'r~ichsial.. and avail_ ourselves rof itat.timbqr,t sp ies, and'metals. ' Tis' is' the' 'real~ ause,"I ddj'"'ofiajaood deal' of" the interiest' island of:the'world, and if we can't do mer snything with it"ourselves we are sel= 1 fish'enough't ".tf ain?d prevent 'tfioo , .horrid.Germansn and, Fronclihmi'enfrom the having, a saniow.-:, VWe?knowtthat ,we can colonise:betteil'thair theniand 'we do not0like 'to ?sedtlicri" Aihni?' into needless expense trying a"thing that we,.. can't , do;, and.., where; .,therefore, they-have not a .ghost of a. chance of pij success." " We aresvery .chiirita le, as ii' for people, o eare,we are, we are { Poor Sir 'Enery ° Gone is thyglory As .the sun setteth in clouds and mists and fadeth :ut inito utter:darkness, so Vj hath thy . fame,, gone' down.::At one £ time thousanids trembled at the; mighty is. anme ofPoeesand 'ardmemnbersidisplaed pill their. g ymnastic ability ' atb your £0 slightest nod. Majorities: dogged yourto every step'srid."your behests were 'as o' law. But "even'"'a' prophet` hath"n o honor inhiss own:country andagain G hath,, been; realised, by b one iof the No nighty in' th: land that this life ;isi naught but \vanity 'and vexation ofI spirit.) ''Ahli'! well, I ?will. 'speak; gently: fo. of the fallen, h ere i2He, did not quite ims appreciate the greatness of our: Service a and Berry or relish their federationi scheme, but h' h'ish'done good'ork in o 0 his day and generition. andthougli he does: think a.little of hiriiself, it is a tii pity there are not iorde vho cari toil as do h?d for "'theii ouiitry ,s he has o done. I' see thatnsearer soreid," Mr Editor, your great :men haa e beenl, ?clasingi troble, l :andcid:that,ethe, grave; and ic reverend .;signors ,4 who have- ?the los guidance of our ifesc hffairs havde b'ii ee a source of tribulation to td'you' Hov, is thiat'you lhave-sno.t yet learnt;that ' praises are the sops ever-accijptable;: however abundant. Surely there can be no gain to you-in raising a hornet's nest round your ears, and, as for the public and li-1that' ?noisns'e about duty. aid. principle, .allos,; me. to, tell 'you.lthatthi, public' does not relish h plain truths.' Humbug. is; the thing cu that goes down smoothly, and elicits a I smack of.: approval from the: sdatisfied ° lips'ansgratfil 'ialte.' 'Taki he'ei of thelessons to blie de'ind 'frobi 1}L, Oily Gamibi'on,. and`: featler your nest ; accordingly. : Above all keep out of fo troubles with those in high pladesanid authority Always smooth down their feathers in the right direction,- and the result; ,will . be ;highly gratifying"to , them' and to ybo!':u ' "'i .:.. Had I not just penned, tho above. advice,:I might have had soniething t to say about tllatSt. Geoe's-radiidii'bd? Bu?tit wi otll not d o f me tollow th ca exam?ple, o: preaihecs and.doctors,i and ti ignore my own prescriptions,,io sI will co bottle up my thoughts and'I h'.lj as thratthe' temptation tqspeak will ,not become, much, strongerlfor 'else the la bottle will burst, aiid .there will be'l rare ,', mesa..a" iesult that' would' bi t Ic highly distressing i? m; ;iat aay rate. ,: at One other little item, and I hare at done I droppedin proSiscuoulsly ot long ago attheBell street State School, !Where a Literary Society "is struggling for an existence.' I liatened with'lret ITr pleasure' to the' efforti of th'e"?iemblrs' and. visitorse, and, It ,,felt;, heartily fi ashanied that the attendance ;was' not ten times what it was.' ".It 'is really 'a p1 disbrace to' tlihe city that an 'institutioni o of a'such'afi~tanture slhould suffe ffroni iimaiition. Those. alreadyain it. do C their best to nmake: things lively. and inteiresting withfair success but I cer- P tainlv would expect to see hiundreds of :the young men of, the':city: anxious itos 'give ia .polish ito: their education;' to' c improve their address, and to acquirie fluency of' spel ; and ;the .power. of 'stating clearly and connectedly,..their thoughts.'.. hese objects ican onlyl be attained by practice, arid;' iin a?denio cr'tie" couitry like:tlis," ?ihere'r,' the hluligstt 'ffiaes' ,.are, open to those. ; capable of occupying them, it certainly seeins Istrange' ,that' so- fewr 'try to ;' qurlifi ttfiemselves. Any one whoI: hsfs been,' preaseni'iitt the h meetingf. of d muiiicipal iodies throughout Victoria, , or,,witnessed, tho~e prceedii~ s in'?our 'r police courts, or. ien. in Parliasiien' itelf"'mnst~ huvoi', bees, Kery greatly, 't surp ised, at theovery poor command'of language'which most of our public nini" e 9 'have. I will, notsa hi~.*Jiiyire r no'ilelity of common sens t ~ ofrains,.but,!asiaiile;.theyihaveo~oot Sacquired.the'ability'toI'euress thore= t selves choicely or evenclearly'?'u¶nd spoil thei? scs they,are,tryingto?carry..: Yet,,~withr allt!thisisexperience'" teir successors are ao'itareless 'i f the ma6' tter' eapirants?i for ,pubhlio positions, othe discipline and training which the mind v receivesj fromo tikin ;'part "':in?'d t cussions, where, every, statement,, .s n freely critidised can scarcely' lie ov'gr o valued,: and must tend 'tomake. the individual:. of' greater, influence, 'ino e matter what his sphere of life may ;ba. y I hopslthat the 'next time -I attend r and I am only sorry my peculiar duties a prevent a me hbeing 'more"fre quentl, :a presentl-ther'wsill be signis ofgreatly i increased interest on,,th,.+pr..f:?the , tdiizes of Fitaro'y. -. , Aceording to thed' estiniates of botanists~ trees ar' eapable''of:'ver' lonig life, 'Do le Candollegve ts lee aof i elm at3.5oyesrs; r. The age of some palTma has been setdosias d from 600 to700 years,:thn t of; an olive tee ~it-790 years, of'a planeitree"t'720; of'sa Scedar'at 800, ofar?ak at 1500, of a ye`i at ' 2880,"of a taxodium at' 4000; and a 'bohaulib n 1 t5000 yeaers:,, i I-, ,,.!,'? :L: " i r'deddeil?agaiest by: the ,plieeacy Boad; fnhr.esci.'h:of the' Sil;Secissa lotfthe, Sale Sr tUs e rf Poison: '.'Mr. D. hWilklie St isi3,t o itl ' hha?-in'iog et cridth?eb pohdiche o 't'oisie arsnl: frsm the.defeslant,' ,whii!chlid ? ,iot'?smm sidi'd tlihe hlht bf exemptiohs mIee itotisold io."th'l'.tliirdi'~seetio o:si the aet. Thelbehih nfligieda Oine of £, with d3 ,3. Scoss 