THE ENCHANTED FOREST. Once upon a time'thcre lived in Hungary, on the shores of a lake, a boy and a girl. There was a great wood all round the lake, and they lived between the wood and the lake. The boy's name waa Frits, and the giri'a Vera. Their «w)iliiT and father" had' died when they were young, left them to take care of themselves.^ It was not very hard to get food, as there were plenty of berries and bait sing in the wood, and fish in the lake. y woe all alone, aa no one could come through the wood, some parts of which were enchanted. Many unfortunate knights had tried to come, bat had always disappeared, no . one knew when; bat it was supposed that they had been, seized and carried off by a wicked g"***" who lived there in his castle. Where Fnti and Vera lived there woe not any gobfins'tn ghosts, except good ones, as Fl^xV father had cast a magic spell over their part of the wood, and they were able to lira in peace. Hie evil spirits had tried to break the magic spell which had been thrown over the dnttas, but : never cOuld. They revenged thsnsdves, when they found they could not break the spell, by aeixing all mortals who came to their part of the woodjthongh Ihey could not alwsyskOl them. ON« day FRITC ?RSNT JONT to get wood. It was a lovely day, though cold. Frits got a good load of wood, bat he thought he wonld not go home just yet, but take a little walk on his own account So he put his wood down under a tree, marked the tree, and then went on. He had gone a good way,-and was thinking of taming home, when he heard a sound of sobbing. Frits wondered what it was, and thought be would go and see. 8o he giasped' his axe firmly in his hand and advanced; cautiously. There, sitting on the ground, with her face in her bands, was a young girl, weeping. She lifted her hood whan-she heard Kits, and he saw that she 'was -vety beautiful. "WhatY the matter f" asked Fritz. "Oh!" said the girl,. "I have lostall my goats. They were feeding on the mountains, and something frightened them away into this forest. I followed them here, sad now I have lost my way." " Can I help yon P" asked'Fritz. "Yes; if yon will come with me out of this wood I should bo very glad. It is a good distance, but it is early yet." They had walked a good way without speaking, when Fritz said: "We are near your cottage now, aren't we P' and turned round to her. Bat she had disappeared. "Why, where has die gone, T wonder ?" said Fritz in surprise. "I never saw her go." Then the thought flashed across his mind that she was a spirit, and had been sent to bring him into the enchanted part of the forest. " Well," said he to himWlf, "this is a nice state of things! How am I to get home, I wonderf Well, 1 suppose I may as well start, and try'lo get home as quick as I can." So he picked up his axa and Parted. Suddenly he heard strange,unearthly noises. He looked op, and saw hnndradsand thousands of little white goblins dancing round him. He ftriicfc at them'with his axe, but they all vanished, and he heard them laughing a good distance away. Then he heard a rustling sound close to him. He looked round and saw a great tall spirit. " Who are you ?*' Fritz asked. "I have come to help jou," answered the spirit. "I am one of the good fairies that lire in the wood. My family are nearly ex- tinct in this part of the world, owing to the magician bavins banished us for having helped poor people who got lost here ; but there are •till a good many of us on the other side." Fritz was rather doabtful as to whether this was really a good spirit, as he had been mistaken once. So he asked him some charm questions which none but the good spirits could say. The spirit answered them correctly, and Fritz was sue then. Fritz asked him where the magician lived. " We are near his castle now,]' said the spirit. Then he went on telling him that the magician had all the mortals that he had not killed shut up in the castle in the form of birds and beasts of prey. He had taken all the gold and treasures they had. Frits asked him if the treasures could be got at. " Yes," answered the spirit; "but it would be very hard. Nothing could be done without the charms." "Bat," said Fritz, "we could get ths charms if we got all the good spirits to help us, couldn't we?" " We have been trying a long time," answered the spirit, " but we could not do it without amortal to hdp us." " Well," said Fritz," I would like to release the prisoners if yon will help me f r " " Very well," the spirit said, come to-morrow." will They were near the cottage now, BO Frits said that the spirit oould go, thanking him for his kindness. " Oh no! that's nothing," said the spirit, we wonld gladly have helped any mortal that needed our protection, but we could not; and we could not always be there." Meanwhile Vera was very frightened, and was thinking that something musthave happened to Fritz, so when he came homeshe was very glad, Fritz told her all, when he had beat, and everything, and they had tea. - The next day Frits went to the border of the Enchanted Forest to wait for the spirit. There he saw any enormously great, hideously ugly man with a long beard and great staring eyes. His mouth was open, and he was gnashing his great teeth with rage. Fritz's heart sank, for it was the great magician himself. "So you axe here, my fine fellow," the magician said, chuckling; "1 have you at last. Now, you have to come along, and I am going to kill you." " Oh, no," said Fritz, " you are notgoing to get me so quick," and he made a cut at him with his axe; to his surprise the axe went right through the magician without hurting him, and he suddenly turned round and grasped - hold of him. The next thing that Enlr knew, the mngician was holding him by the hair and flying through the air' with him. Presently he stopped and put Fritz down, and took out an enormous knife, or scythe, for it looked more like the last-named article than a knife, and was just going to ldll him, when suddenly the spirit, along with some other spirits, came and rushed up, and took away the magician's knife, and took possession of him. "Now," the first spirit, Fritz's friend, said " you mast come and show ns where the prisoness are kept, and their money." The old "mgw-iMt very sulkily led them to a great oak tree; there was a hole under the oak tree, and the magiraan put down bis hand and took out three cabinets. 'Now," he said, " the first of these cabinets has copper in it, the second silver, and the third gold." Fritz took them and put them in his pocket, and then they went to the castle, and the old magician (bowed them where the prisoners were. After they bad turned the birds and beasts into men and women again, the spirit told Frits how he had just managed to save him by coming in the right time. The spirit had gone to the border of the enchanted forest along with bis brothers, the other spirits, just after the magician had taken frits, and they saw ths imgifi™ flying along, and so they went in hot haste to the (harmed place where the old goblin was. Fortunately, the goblin had gone out, ao they managed to get the charms easily. Then they went as fast as they could to the place where the magirisn and Fritz were, for they knew the qMt, as the magician generally killed his victims " * 1 — '' * — in time to I 