Our Brisbane letter. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) POLITICS during the past week have been at a discount. There is really nothing doing by our rulers in so far as the metropolis is concerned. The Premier and the Colonial Secretary went up to Westbrook to the volunteer encampment, and were entertained there by the officers. Mr. Griffith, in responding to a toast, said that he was not sure of the volunteers being re- tained as at present constituted, and it was on the cards that we should adopt the militia system, such as that which exists in Victoria. Talking of the volunteers, the camps are now over, and the men have got through some very useful work, and on the whole bore themselves remarkably well. At Westbrook the Maryborough company of infantry obtained most credit, and in the competitions on the last working day in camp secured the lion's share of the prizes. The COURIER prosecution trouble is dying out, and the Opposition people are bearing their victory very well. Much condemnation is expressed at the Government bringing this case on in the way of a criminal prosecution. Had the action been a civil one the COURIER could have obtained costs. The Easter holidays have passed off very pleasantly notwithstanding the wet weather. The fifteen Brisbane cricketers have succeeded in putting the New South Wales eleven through on two occasions, scoring an easy win each time. The Sydney men are scarcely up to regular intercolonial form, though the team includes some of the best men in the sister colony. Where, however, are Massie, Evans, and cracks of that class? The "carnival," or series of contests between Brisbane and the Darling Downs has provided plenty of out- door and in-door amusement, and so far the Brisbane men have had all the best of it. There have been picnics and balls too during the week, and ex- cursions innumerable to every part of Moreton Bay. The Majeronis at the Theatre Royal are drawing crowded houses, and the production of Fedora has caused a great sensation, the scenery and effects being beyond any- thing we have had here before. The last report for 1883, made by Mr. Thomas Archer as Agent-General of the colony, is to hand and is very interesting. The report deals princi- pally with immigration, and some very consoling facts are brought forward. The number of immigrants who left England during the year was equal to 24,421 statute adults, being 4840½ under what is termed the bounty system, 2813½ remittance and free nominated passengers, 938 full paying passengers, 5389 assisted, and 10,337 free immi- grants. When it is known that the total number of statute adults brought into the colony from 1861 to the end of 1883 was 122,727 it will be seen that during the last year we brought out more than one-sixth as many as came during the previous 22 years in the aggregate. The class of immigrants we are getting is improving, and Mr. Archer, in his report speaks very encouragingly of the working of the 17th clause of the Act, that is the clause which embraces what we generally term the bounty system. I don't think you have ever had Professor Pepper at Cairns, but most Cairns people have heard of him, and a few no doubt have visited the Poly- tecnic where the Pepper's Ghost and other wonderful things were to be seen there and have heard the old man lecture. The Professor is one of the lucky men who had scrip in the good things on Gympie, and this shows how a man after years of bad fortune may at last strike it rich. Gympie mining affairs are very en- couraging. One day we heard of a 1000oz breaking down from the Wilmot Extended, and the next we have a 1400oz gathering of specimens from the Ellen Harkins. These two mines are the present jewellers shops of Gympie, and scrip in each is at a very high figure. A tremendous lot of Brisbane capital is being invested in new companies which are starting up, and a great deal of it no doubt will never return. It is the risk of the lottery. Nearly every week we hear of some- thing concerning steamboat racing be- tween Brisbane and Sydney, and an occasional accident is likewise reported. The Press has now taken the matter up, moralises on the danger of racing steamers, and points to the collision recently in Hobson's Bay as a shocking example. How to stop the racing, however, is the trouble : steamers are not like omnibuses, and their skippers are not like the drivers ; we can't haul them up for furious driving, and yet they endanger public life. It strikes me very forcibly that the next accident which occurs while steamers are racing will be very unfortunate for the skip- pers concerned, as the Marine Boards will make it particularly sultry for them. Mr. A. Alder, of George-street, a taxidermist, has managed to make a very remarkable discovery near Bribie Island during the week. It is evident that some fearful tragedy has taken place. Mr. Alder was in Pumice Stone Channel, and landed at a place known as Four Trees, or 'Blackfellows' Camp, and made a resting place. Thence he proceeded inland, and when about 200 yards inland he came on to a heap of bones. The subsequent proceedings, could not be better described than in Mr. Alder's own words. Writing to the papers here he says :—"Curiosity tempted me to examine these bones, and I was startled to find that the relics lying before me were all that was left of what had once been three human beings. Acting upon the impulse of the moment I gathered up carefully what was left of the skulls, and found deep tomahawk wounds in the forehead of each of them, leading me to believe that the wounds had been inflicted while the victims were asleep, or at all events in a recumbent position. Further examination proved to me conclusively that the bodies had been cut to pieces by tomahawk blows, and by a very sharp instrument, not such as usually used by the blacks. Almost alongside the leg bones I found the portions of the broken skulls whilst the hip and rib bones, jaw bones &c.;, lay in a con- fused heap in the centre. The space covered by the remains of the bodies measured, as near as possible, 4ft 10in long by 3ft 10in broad (very little ground for three human beings), and for a distance of 3ft round this space lay old charred timber and other re- mains of the fire. From what little I know of the human structure I should imagine that the remains consist of what have been a blackfellow, a gin, and a child of four or five years of age. The man from appearances must have been only partially stunned by the first blow, for his skull bears evident marks of many blows. Blacks do not burn their dead. Again, at the camp are the remains of white men's huts, also a well sunk near by. It is quite possible that these blacks were slain by white men, and the police are already making enquiries into the matter. The remains of the female may be identified owing to a peculiarity in the jaw bone, which is that it never contained any molars, there being no teeth in that part of the jaw, and no hole from which they could have been extracted. It is quite pos- sible that the whole affair may be brought to light, Brisbane, April 17. 