URC. GRIND NATIONAL MEETING. The fourth Grand National raco nioctiug held under tho auspicos of tho V.lt.C. took place at Flomingtou on. Saturday, and waB as usual an immense success in ovory way. The altondaneo ; was largo," the day tho finest wo Iiayo had for a fortnight past, and tho racing of tho most inte- resting description. His Excoliency the Go vernor, Lady Loch and suite, and Sir W. Jorvois wont-out in a saloon carriage attached to ono of tho raco trains, and woro mot by tho commitloo aud secretary, by whom thoy were escorted to tbo grand stand. Tbo party took tbo greatest in terest in "tho 'day's proceedings, and viewed tbo great raco of the day from tbo . top of tbo now stand, from whence an admirablo view, was obtained. Both Sir Henry atid Lady Loch .oxprossod. thoir astonishment at tbo com- plctoness of tho arraugomonls at Flcmington, and the formor was also much struck with tho manner in which the big tcnccs woro nogotiatcd, as woll as at the thorough way tho sport was gone into. Thc-3uitcof rooms sot apart for the use of (lie Govornor at Fieiuinglon have boon handsomely fnrnishod by Messrs. Moubray, Rowan and tliclcs, and tho mannor in which tho work has bcou completed is both tasloful and artistic, . reflecting tho greatest credit pn the firm. Tho Australian Military Bund, under Signor Zalman, gavo al most. an . .ontircly now programme in an admuablo manner, and Mr. Straker, to whom tho catering waB ontrustcd for tho first time, was perfectly successful iu his important portion of tho day's amusement. The reserves, though not as brilliant as iu tho spring, wcro boaulifully grcon, and the lawn was largely patrouised during tho afternoon. Punctually at a quarter lo ono the bell ran" for tbo Maidon Hurdle horses to saddlo up, and it was found that ton remained iu, and a good looking lot they wore, Hazard, a groat raking brown coll, Lady Teazle, Star and Stafford attracting most attention, though many good judges were alBO impressed with the excellent shape of Gasalier. In tbo market Hazard was a very decided first favorite, in consequence of a good thing he did at Caulfiold, and -Stafford was noxt in demand. At tho last moment Mr. Pearson camoto the sup port of his maro and backed her to win a vorv large stako-nt the remunerative prico of 6 and 7 to 1, It then lenked out that sbo bad dona a trial at Kilmuny Park, which mado it a'cortainty unless she fell down, and so the result proved.- Hazard made tbo running nearly all the way, bat Gasalier, who bad been pulling double the entire journey, joined them. At tbo last hurdle, and though Baity finished desperately, tho Gipps- land mare. had it all hor own way, and won- clovcrly by a longtli and a half in tho quickest - timo tho raco has been run in. .The winner, who- is by ' Vole f" An from Gasoline, has run several times, without much success on tho flat., hnt. will probably ripon into something first class over" hurdles. Tho Maiden Stcop'.a- chaso had a . fiold of ton, or four ' in - excess of any previous yoar, but tho quality was scarcely so good as on former occasions. Robin Hood, tbo first on view, was a big hunter looking roan, who displayed ' much greator pace than one would have supposed ho possessed. ICulkyno had more thoroughbred look than any of his op ponents, bnt.Sir Fyans was a very useful horse, ss were Goodwood and Kingston. Marquis of Watorford, who came with a great reputation, belied by his appearance, was mado first' favorito, and ICulkyno was,, porhaps, most in demand of tho rest, Tho race was a most extraordinary one, as < ovory ' horse made a mistake of somo sort, and at the finish Robin Hood's rider was eanght- napp'ng, and juBt beaten on tbo post. In the first milo falls and refusals had put Sir Fyan3, Yanoo," Holyrood, The Baron and Bard of Erin out of it, whilo Kingston also foil, but was remounted. Those accidents loft Knlkyno and Robin Hood in front, with Goodwood handy. . At the last fence Knl kyno and Goodwood camo lo griof, leaving Robin Hood a long way in front of everything else. Malouethon made -a mistake in going the wrong' course; but ho got ' right again long boforo any thing got near himi and was apparently winning in a cantor, wiion Kingston, who had come along at a great paco after his fall, fairly caught Malone asleep, and before tho latter could act his horeo going again, Kingston had won by a,, coupjo . of lengths, with Marquis of Walerford an indifferent third. A protest was entered, against Kingston that ho did not jump the last fence, hnt the stewards, aftor taking evi dence, dismissed it. Scratcbings were pretty fre quent in tho Grand National Hurdlo, the pen being put through tho names of no loss than fif teen of the twonty-four horses colored on the card, thus leaving n field of nine, or ono more than last year. . If tho number of startors was not as largo as might have been anticipated, there was no fault to be found with tho quality, and as Iho tuns approached for tho decision of tho raco Iho excitement caused by the meoting of such horso3 as Don Quixoto, Tho Joker, Ringwood, Ontario and others of that class increased perceptibly. Ringwood, despito his steadior of 12 st, 7 lb., was . a better favorito tbnn anything, and as his party were very sanguine, tho pubiio fol lowed sulk Don' Quixote was at a point mora,- and, paradoxical as it may appear, was, porbaps, the , better favorito of the two, bis name being' usually ehdsou first in tho doubles. The Joker and Ontario also bad strong followings, and Sun- downer hud Sinking Fnnd wore nibbled nt. Tho four principal favorites stripped in admirable condition, Don Quixoto being as fino as a star,- while Ringwood had that bloom on his coat which denotes perfect health. Mr. Watson was suc- cessfnl in sending tlicm away beautifully in line, and for the first mile tho paco was slow, Yarroe and Sinking Fund being alternately at the head ft Mr- Inglis ihon took Sundowner to tho front ..and set a. good paco, in tho hopo of .wearing down tho cracks. ThoBo tactics resulted in tbo final retirement of the out. sidora, and when, at the ond of thesocond milo,- tho raco really commonced, Sundowner still in" front; Ringwood, Jokor, Don Quixoto and Ontario wore tho onlv ones in it. .TnVer ...» r,.)i giving King a nasty shaking, and then Ontario ran round, Suudownorled into tbo straight and had a alight advantage at the last hurdle, but Mr. Glasscock brought up Don Quixoto with a splendid rush and landed bis mount a winner by a length, Sundowner boing tho same disinco in front of Ringwood, who could not got up with tbo weight. The time, 5 min. 43, sec. is two seconds slower thau when Rhesus won, but tbo going Ibis year is a little bit heavier than it was tbon. Don Quixoto waB bred by Mr. A. Smith, of Lindonow, ii . so_ many good horses havo come, and during tho time bo has been iu the possosBion ot Mr. Wallace has won sovoral good racos, both on tho flat and ovor hurdles. Tho groat ovent of iho day camo noxt, and as only four wore wilh- orawn, tho respectable nnmbor of a dozen saddled up. On all hands Chippenham was voted to bo tbo Lost conditioned horse in tho race, while no fault could lo fonnd with Kntnnga ; Lizotto was a bit abovo horsolf, whilo Blackthorn, Moon- light, Union and Friendless, the InKor a mora pony compared to some of tbo otbors, wore -ill woll. I'ainc, whoso narrow bind quarters d not convoy an impression of his abilhl to got ovor a big country, waB dry , i rough in bis coat, and how bo could boon brought to such a prico was a myalory tn us. Another beautiful start sent the Gold awiv on lovol lorms, and All Scronocnt out lb0', J „ mug at a modoratopaco. At tbo second ton". Fame bung on it, and his backers wcro IhUB Minn out of thoir troable. Lizotto and Moonlight tbnn assumed tho prcmier.positions, and these iumnn'i the foncos in front of tbo stand just clear of tho others, the whole of thorn foncing in a stylo thai wa3 chcorod by Iho crowd to tbo ocbo. Li-etln bad run bersolf out by tho timo tho abattoirs wcrn reached the second timo, and then Chinneabun and Friendless, who bad always been clo3o handy, went up to Moonlight. The old grey was first ovor the last fonco, but Friendless got in front wbon they woro in tho straight and then ensued ono of tbo most desperato 'ra-o- ovor scon. ; Chipponham camo a second timo and running with tho utmost gnmoncss outstayed Friendless, and won by halt a longtli, nfter one of the best races ovor seen. Moonlight »„ third, Lizotto. fourth, and Blackthorn fifth j)ui, the others wore outpaced. Chipponham, 'u-|m was bought by tho gontioman who racos under tho nom dc course of Mr. W. Noil, in, i a .very lucky purchase, as this is tlia third raco ' ho V has won. His csmli. tion was snporij, and bo was admirably steered by Kildaff, who broacht him homo in a most artistic minnor. Only throe went out for tbo Selling Hurdlo Raco, and tho odds oi 5 to 1 laid on Prospect wcro novor in doubt, as ho won easily. Entered to bo sold for nil, ho was run up to £125 boforo bo fell to tho nod oi Mr Wookcs, so that tho clnb benefited to that extent. ThelaBt event of the day, the Flat Uac» had a. good Geld, favoritism being divided bo- tweon Too Too, Regulator, Duenna and Hla.-k Diamond. Bonnie Boo, who was put about as a good thing, howevor, upset all calculations and finished a capital day's racing by winning cleverly from l'ailloroo and Duenna, Tbo followingaro tbo details of tho racing Mauikm Hvnm.s Race, a sweepstakes of 5 son cacti, £1 10s. ft., with 100 added. For all liorscs which have never won an Advertised hurdlo raco or steeplechase. IIorecB which havo novor started in a hurdlo raco nltowoil71b. Tllo ocoond horso to rccoiva 25 80VS. and tbo third 10 sovs, out of tho stake Three-year-olds to carry 0 st. 71b.; four-yoir-okij! 10 at, -0 lb.; flvo-yonr-olds, six-year-olds and azcl. 10 st. 12 lb. About two ratios. IV. Pearson's b in Gasalier, by Veteran— Gaso line, I yrs., 0 at. 10 lb. .. ,, (Cuptt) l A. F. Sullivan's brg Hazard, 3 yrs., Ost. (Batty) 2 A. M'Donald's b g Omadhaun, 4 yrs., 0 st. 0 lb. .. .. .. > .. .. .. fBolgor) 3 J. Whitehead's b l' Stir, agod, 10 St. 0 lb. (Kc.itini;) 0 J. Waro'a br m Lady Toazlo, 4 yrs., 10 at. 0 lb. .. (Cori-igau) 0 J.G. Reid's cli g Tho Ghost, 0 yrs., 10 st. 2 Hi. < .« « UlllHJ (J \V, S. Cox'a b h Cockboat, 4 yt8„ 0 fit- 12 lb. (Cox) 0 J. 0. Ingiis'a b s Stafford, 4 yrs., 0 at. 0 !h. .. .. ,, ' « (M'Gowanj 0 G. Davie's b c Ditto, 3 yrs., 0 at. 21b., includin'i lb. orcr .. .. „ . . (M'Lcod) 0 Bottingr : 5 to 2 against Hazard, 7 to 2 Stafford, ti it I cacli Lady Tcazfo, Tho Ghost aud Gasalier. IIn7ar<l went off with the lead, followed -by Omadhaun, Star, Cockboat, Stafford aud Gasalier tn tho order given. Over tho first hurdle The Ghost came down. Hazard . maintained the lead Into tho straight. Lady Teazle having run up. into scccmJ placo. At the hurdle just below Oto staud Hazard, who was leading, knocked a rail out, but did not low his place. Ho was followed past tho stand and round tho turu by Oioadhauo, Lady Teazle, Stafford, Star, Ditto aud Gasalior, with Cockboat last. As tlicy went around the river side turn Ditto and Gasalier woat nearer the front, Mr. Pearson's maro keeping a place iu the drat flight for the remainder of the race. Rul ing .the bridge Gasalier was leading, with Ifazir-I, Omadhaun, Stafford and Lady Teazle following, Stir aud Cockboat being last. As they went along to wards the abattoirs the field began to spread onj. Gasalier led for the romaludcr of tho journey, uHh Hazard close to her. Tho marc, however, won as -Iu pleased by a couple of lengths trout Huzard, who wu half a dozen lengths ahead of Omadhaun, .Stafford win fourtii. Lady Teazle fifth, Star uext aud Coclcbo.it last. - Timo, 3 min. G5|aeo, Uaidkx Steeplechase, a sweepstakes of 5 sovi each, £1 10s. ft., with 150« added. For ail horsei which havo novor won a stcopicchaso. Horses which have never started in a stoepiochaso or hurdle race allowed .10 lb. Tito second horso to re ceive 25 sovs. and the . third 10 sov<. out of the stake. Threoyoarolds to carry 10 St.; four-year-olia, 10 st; 10 lb. ; five-year-olds, II st. 0 lb.; six-year-olds and aged, 12 sc. About two miles aud a quarter. IL Howie's b p Kingston, 5 yrs., 11 st. Olb.(Dolancy) 1 E. M. Iioud's ro g Hobin Hood, 5 yrs., 10 st. 10 lb. .. - .. .. .. (Malone) I A. Taylor's gg Marquis of Waterford, 0 yrs., 11 at. 11 11). .. .. .. .. .. (Bird) 3 S. Miller's b g Kullcyne, agod, 11 at. 11 lb. .. .. .. .. .. ..(Watson) 0 W. Calvert ns b g Holyrood, aged; 11 at. 11 lb. .. .. .. .. .. (nuht) 0 W. M. Moran'a kg The Baron, 6 yrs., 11 fit 0 lb. .. .. .. .. ... .. (M'lvor) 0 J. Halmca's b g Tanco, 6 yrs., 11 at. 0 lb. (Fioyd) 0 W. Dalrympio'a b g Goodwoou, 5 yra., 10 st. 10 ib. .. ... ... ., .. (Keaiiugj " W. Yosites'sbor br g Bard of Erin, 4 yrs., 11 at., \- including 7 lb. over .. (O'Brien) 0 AY. B. Cumming's bk g Sir Fyans, 4 yrs., 0 st. ll'lb. .. . .. ....... ..(M'Lcod) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 against Sir Fyans, 1 to 1 Marquis of Waterford, '5 to 1 each 'Goodwood and Kulkync. Kulkyuc led away, with Marquis of Waterford in at- tendonce on nlm j at the first fenco YaueJ balkod, and was- -seen- no more in th; race. At 1I10 abattoirs - Sir-' ' Fyans was loading, with Holyrood, Baron, and Kingston noxt to , him. At tho fonco near the traluing ground ' Mnrqutj of Watorford came down, but was quickly remounted. Ovor the next obstaole Sir FyanB camo down heavily, , and at tho firct fence lu the straight The Baron balked, and put himsolf out of tho race. Kulkync, Uobiu Hood and Holyrood wero nearly abreast as they nogotiatcd tho fonco In front of the stand, the only others, near, them being Goodwood and Kingston, though Marquis of Waterford and Bard of Erin were still in the hunt, but a. good distanco In tho rear. Along the river sldo Uulkytie Imd a length or two ad- vantage ovor Hobin Hood nod Holyrood, with Good wood iu fourth placo, and Kingston next. There war uo change of any importance in tho positions as they went along tho back of the course, Kulkyne ani Jlobin Ilood being . some distanco ahead of Goodwood, who, howover, -got on . tornm with them as they nearod the last fence, which brought down Kulkyne, Goodwood and Holyrood, who was some distance behind. Hobln Hood iiqw had the raco in hand, but lie went the wrong course and had to go back, still he camo Into tho straight with a long load from Marquis ot Waterford, who bad been kept going after bis. mishap.: The raco . appeared to be be tween the pair, but Kingston, who was a long distanco behind when the roan, horse entered tbestraight, came on very rapidly, overhauled him about 200 yards from home, and won. bv about a leugth aud a half, the rider of Robin Hood throwing tho nice away by his carclosancBS ; Marquis of Waterford was third. Time, Oinin. 73 see. . \- Graxd National Uurolb Rack, a handicap sweep stakes of 10 sovs. eneli, 3 ft., with 300 added. Second 50 and third 25 sovs. out oitho stake. About three miles. ' ' 1 D, S. Wallace's b g Don Quixote, by Don Gio vanni—Quickstep, 5 yrs. » 11 st. 13 lb. ,, .»' i : (Mr.'W. Glasscock) 1 J. 0. Inglis's br g Bundownor, - aged, 10. st. 3 lb. .. - , '01r. J, 0. InglU) 2 H. R. Falkincr's b g Ringwood; 6 yrs., 12 st 7 lb. .. .. .. .. (Scobio) 3 S. G. Cook'sbgThe Jokor, 5yrg. llat. 21b. (King) 0 A. F, Sullivan's br h Ontario, 5 y»„ 10 bt. 9 lb. .. (Batty) 0 W. R. Cortia's ch g FJambOrougb. Oyrs., 10 st. 5 lb. (EinstvorUO 0 W. Neil's br m Y&rrco;, 0 yrs., 10 St. 3 lb. (M'Lcod) 0 J, M'Urado's br li Tantaliser, 0 yrs.. 0 it, 11 Ib. .. (Hill) 0 J. Biimon's br h Sinking Fuud, i yr S-, 0 st. (Uuht) 0 Bcttiug: 3tol against Ringwood, -1 to 1 each D-Jti Quixote and Ontario, 5 to 1 Tho Joker. Yarrce was tho first to show to tho front, but sho soon gavo vr-W to Sundowner, who was followed by lautaHsu, Yarreo and The Joker, Flamhorough being Gouig along the river eldo Tantaliser n6Sumoil tho load for a short distance, with Yarroe and Sinking Fund close ou liirn. Don Quixoto, Ontario, The Joker and Ring wood followed jugrdcra written, Fiuinborough still felng hat. As th'oy passed tho bridgo Yarroo, Tanla- Bsor and Sundowner were at tho head of affairs, with ' Ike Joker, Ringwood and Don Quixote close behind hem. Passing tho abattoirs Yarroo was leading, Suadownor. Tantallser, Don Quixote, Sinking Fund, Ontario and Tho Joker following in order, with Flatu Soroush and Rlngwood last. Much the same rder was 'maintained round Into tho straight, ntorlng which Sundowner and Tantaligov woro In front almost abreast, Sinking Fund, Tho Joker, DonQuiuotc, Yarrccand Flamborough coming ext. Sundowner lod Tantaliserpastthostand, Sinking I'uud, Don Quixote, The Joker, Fiamborough, Varrco, Ontario and Hlngwood following in order. Hound tho giver sido turn Sundowner had fivo lengths' lead of Flamborough, Don Quixote nnd the Joker boing their Immediate attendants, whllo Sinking Fund was also Cloio handy. Over tho burdlo near tho bridge Tlie Joker catno down very heavily, throwing his rider, King, some distance away. Sundowner continued to ahow the war, Sinking Fund being second, Ontario third. Don Quixoto fourth, Ringwood next, Yarrco nd Flamborough being next. Sundowner led around tho turu towards home, Ontario, Don Quixoto and JRingwood now boing cioso on him. Don Quixote managed to causo Ontario to ruu off at the last hurdle hut one, and Sundowner catno into tho straight still loading, with tho Don and Ringwood In hot pursuit. Before they got to the last hurdlo Don Quixote had Rssumod the load, and a fiuellnlsh homo reaultod in a win for Mr. Wallace's horso by a length from Sun downer, Ringwood being a very close third, Tantaliser was fourth, Shikhtg Fund, Flamborough and Yarrco jQulsbitig next. Time, 6 min. 43 sec. Grand National Stebplecua sis, a handicap swoop Blake of 15 sovs. cacb, 4 ft., with. 400 auded. The second horse to recelvo 60 so vs. and tho third 25 soys. out of tho stake. About threo mllo9. ,\Y. Noil's g g Ohippcuham. bv Lanorcost. aged, list, ".. .. (Kilduff) 1 ,W E. Power's b g Friendless, 6 yrs., 0 st, 121b. I (Hatty) 2 J, M'Uradc's br g Moonlight, agoi. 10 St. 7 lb. (Hill) 8 J, If&rbottlo;'s br g Dlackthorn, aged. 12 st. 12 lb. (M'Lcod) 0 E. Weeks's b m Lizotte, agod, 11 st. 5 lb. (Cree) 0 A, Taylor's b g General Jackson, aged, 11 st. 2 lb. . ' «» «' .«- .. ... (M'Gowan) 0 17\. Wilson's b g Katunga, 5 yrs., 10 st 10 lb. (Scobie) 0 iL Louglilln's b g Fame, 0 yrs., 10 st 0 lb. .. .. .. .. .. (Corrigan) 0 ff. Jones's b g Australian Court, G yrs., 10 st. 7 lb. « .. (Butler) 0 J. Horner's br g All Sorono, aged, 10 Bt 6 lb. „ .. (Floyd) 0 It Howlo'a br g Union, aged, 10 St. 3 lb. ..(Dclany) . 0 A. Dowling ns b g Hands Down, 0 yrs., 0 st. 10 lb., incluuiug 8 lb. over (M'Loughlan) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 against Fame, 4 to 1 Lizetto, 0 to 1 each Katunga and Friendless, 8 to 1 Blackthorn, 10 to X oach Chippenham. Moonlight and Gonoral Jackson. All Serene was tho Urst to show in front at tho fall of Alio flag, tho others, as soon as they took order so that they could bo distinguished, being Friendless, Zilzcttc, Hands Down/ General Jackson, Chip penham, Australian Court, Fame . and Union, Kith Katuuga whipping In. As they ap proached tho flrst feneo General Jackson went SO the front and showed tho way over, followed by At! Serene, Lizotte, Famo, Friondlcss, Chippenham, Moon light, blackthorn, Australian Court and Katunga In tbo order given. Passing tho bridge, Lizetto wont to the front and led over tho flrst fence of the treble, at tbo second jump of which Famo ruined his chanco by talcing off too far and landing on tho fonco, where he Imng. Lizetto maintained tho load, from General Jackson, and passing tho abattoirs she was a couple of lengths in advauco of him, Katunga, Moonlight, black thorn, Chippenham, Friendless, Australian Court and Union coming In order, wilh Hands Down bringing up tho rear. .As they came along past tho training ground. Moonlight Improved his position and was for a lime oven, with Gonerol Jackson and Lizotte, the others ia order being. Chippenham, .Blackthorn, Ka tunga, Friendloss, Union, All Serene, Australian Court nnd llauds Down. As thoy negotiated tho Ave jumps In the straight Moonlight and Lizotte woro side by Bide in front, with Chippenham and General Jackson on equaUbrius just behind them. All tho horses took the loncep in beautiful stylo. Around tho turu by the giver Bido Lizetto had a couplo of lengths' icad of Moonlight, who was some flftoon lengths ahead of Chippenham, following whom woro Gonoral Jackson, Friendless, Katunga, Blackthorn nnd Union, with All Sereuo and 'Australian Court any numbor of lengths in tho rear. No. material change in the positions took placo as tho horses wont past the bridge along towards tho back of tlio course, mid over tho treble between tho bridge and tho abattoirs; thoy all fencod oxcoilontiy, Moon light and Lizetto showing tho way. . As they passed the training sheds Chiuponham, Gonoral Jack Bon, Friendless and Blackthorn wero all In good posi tions, whilo Katunga aud Union wcro also still lit the raco. Coming round tho turn Chippenham got on terms with tho loaders and led over the last fonce, which brought down Uouornl Jucksoin. Tho grey led into the straight, closoly followod by Friendless, Moonlight, Blackthorn and Lizotte. A line raco homo between the flrst mentioned three took place. Friend less having Bllghtly tho best of it until they wore within 100 yards of tbo post. I7o, however, tired, and Chippenham, who was on tho inside, won by half a length ; Moonlight, the third horso, being only that distanco . behind Friendless. Lizetto was fourth, Blackthorn, Union and Katunga finishing noxt, Time, 7 min. Selling Hl'iidlk Race, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 100 added. Wolghts as in Maiden Steeple chase. Winner to be sold for £50 ; 7 lb. allowed for every £25 reduction in soiling price. Two miles. 3\ Corrlgan's br li Prospect, by Panic— Kato Kbar- ncy, aged (nil), 10 st. 6 lb. », (Corrigan) 1 J, Calvert's g g Ned Kelly, 5 yrs. (nil), 10st. 0 lb. .. (M'Lcod) 2 J. Ssobic's b c Bordcrmau, 1 yrs. (n(0, Oit. 101b. .. .. .. .. ..(Keating) 0 Betting: G to 4 on Prospect. Prospect got away With tho lead, but beforo thoy had proceeded far Bordcrmau took up the running, and lod into the Straight, Prospect being noxt nnd Ned Kelly last. As they passed tlio stand Bordcrmau had a slight load, buthespollthts chance bvattempUngto runoff and into the saddling paddock. He was turned round and sent on in pursuit; but made matters worao by baulking at the next hurdlo, whloh, howovor, ho took at tho Bocond asking. Prospect and Ned Kelly went around together, tho former having an advantage for most of the distance. No furtlior casualties happened, and Corrigan brought the favorite home a winner by half n dozen lengths, though he lost a lot of ground in getting over tho last hurdle. Bordorman was quite unable to make up lost ground. Time. 4 min. 0 see. Tlio winner was sold to Mr. E. Weeks for 125 guineas. Flat Rags, a handicap of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s. ft., with 160 added. For two-year-olds and upwards. Lowest weight to bo not lesa than 7 et. One mile. A. M'Donald'abrgBonntoBce, by Bonnie Carlisle— Mia Wasn, aged, 8 st. 0 lb. . .. (Trahan) 1 B. Miller's b c Palllcroo, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. . . (Olds) 2 D, S. Wallace's g f Duenna, 3 yrs., 8 st. 11 lb. »» . ., .. .. ..(O'Brien) 3 Lord W. Bcresford'e b h Bossanlo, 4 yrs., 0 Bt. 6 lb. ... .. .. (King) 0 J. WhitUngham's ch h Ironmaster, 4 yrs., 8 at. 12 lb .. .. .. (G. Williams) 0 S, Gardiner's ch c Golden Butterfly, 4 yrs., 8 st. 101b .. .. (untchons) 0 J. Patcrson'sbk g Black Diamond, aged; 8 st. Gib. .. .. .. .. .. (Dobson) 0 V, Bailey's eh m Virago, 4 yrs ,8 st, 4 lb. (Kllby) 0 J. G. Hold's b h Norfolk, 4 yrs., 8 st.' 3 lb. .. .. . .. .. - (Robertson) 0 E. Weeks's b c Regulator, 9 yrs., 7 st> 11 lb. .. t .v \ . .. .. (Williania) 0 D. Levin's b mBollo Brandon, G yrs., 7 st, 11 lb. .. r - (Saunders) 0 L. L. Smith's b h Liberator, 5 yrs., 7 st, 11 lb. .. .. .. . ... .. (Blair) 0 . I R. Cowell's b m .Castaway, 4 yr&, 7 Bt. ll'lb. . ' . .. ' ' .. (Moore) 0 A. Solman's br f Too Too, 3 yrs., 7st. 0 lb. (Hughes) 0 IT Fisher's b in Impulse, 4 yrs., 7 at. 7 lb. .. .. iFJaunlgan) 0 B. 'Gardiner's b f Lyons Lndy, 3yrs., 7 st. Gib. (Barr) 0 ,1V. Calvortnsch e Yollow Hammer, 8 yrs., 7 St., » . ' .. .. . .. .. .. (Walker) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 against Too Too, 5 to 1 Duenna, Oto 1 each Regulator aud Ironmaster, 7 to 1 Uounlo Bee, 8 to 1 Norfolk, 10 to 1 Bossanio, A fair start was effected. Too Too soon showing lit front aud getting a clear lead of Regulator and Bassanio, whllo Ironmaster was whipping in tho ruck. Passing the training sheds Too Too hau a couple of lengths lead of Bassanio, Itogutator boing nearest to tho last mentioned horse. Here it was soon that Castaway had iOBt her rider As they came round tho turn towards tho Btraigbt I'aillcroo ran up Into a prominent place, he, with Regulator, Bassanio and Too Too, being In front as thoy ontorcd tho straight. In tho run homo Paillcroo had the lead, but Duenna made a fluo effort, and it Appeared as though tho flnish was to bo between MesHrs. Wallaco and Miller's representatives. As tho carriago paddock was passed, howovor, Bonnlo Boo came with a rush and beat I'aliloroo homo by a Jengtii, tiuenua was a good third, Regulator fourth, Massanio, Ironmaster nnd Norfolk flntahlpg next, whi o Golden Butterfly whipped tho lot in. Time, i miu, 4G eec. ' 