WHAT WAS HE? THE FIRST TIME. 1 think it na in-sne - second week ol August, 1868, tbatit happened. I may not be quite right about the rime of the month or the month itaelf ; bnt - 1 m almost snreit was in AngaBt jand Tknow it was that summer, the summer of 1868, that I spent in Switzerland. We were staying at a pension kept by a Madame Vambhiy, jostonbside the little town of Abondanoe, «»« g the Swiss Alps. It -was a charming place— a sort of big, rambling chalet bnilt .on the wooded elope of a steep hill, commanding a glorious view of the snowy mountains which framed hb in on all sides but one ; and looking straight down <on the llttje town, with its nictnresnne i amble of red ' roofs and twisted chimneys, and the narrow, rock-bound river. We were a livelyenoqgh party at te chalet ; Madame Vambfeiy beingapleasaut woman, and having a knack ofgetting together young .'and pleasant Inmates. r I don't remember aUof them, for they went and came, bnt I can recall. nice little Irish doctor; a handspnie highkhnrch clergyman and his sister yvha .went do wn to early mass regularly ivi»|nqntii® in the town below ; a ErenArotignfap, middle-aged, bnt itotandimg J a;newly- married couple, also French; nd Helen Joyce, with whomI>riBv«flHn&;5ifl thro six-nid-twenty, In still Unquestaonably, the most fascinating members of our party were the newly- marned couple. Hey were both very yU»HfA ! ,could "<7 h»ve been eighteen), deliriously good-looking, over head and ears in love with one another, and had only been married a week ! This last fact naturally made them even more the central objects of observation and cnnosity than they might otherwise have been ; bnt, indeed, the yonng wife waa pretty and innocent enough to attract notice anywhere, fresh from the convent- school, where she had passed all her young life, naive as a babe and playfol as a kitten, with big black eyes, most childishly round and liquid, a little head covered with short soft curls, and a com plexion of milk and roses. The husband, however, was even more remarkable for beauty : tali and slenderly made, with a perfectly ova! face, long waving hair of a rich auburn colour, with pointed beard and moustache slightly deeper in tint, and eyes the like of which I had never seen before. They were indeed the chief feature In his face, and though I could not call them beautiful, as some did, they would have marked the man among a hundred others after years of forgetf illness. If some of yon think that this is an after fancy of mine, not existent at the time, bnt created by later impressions, yon are wrong. What I say of them now I thought then, and even described them in a letter which is still extant. _ 'Eyes not large, bat looking so from a singular power of dilation in the pupil produced by any intensity of feeling, pleasant or the reverse ; whites very con vex, and with the dazzlingly opaque brilliancy of porcelain ; iris of a bright golden colour, surrounded by an outer ring of deep greenish grey ! the whole shaded, and made additionally noticeable by the straight, sharply-pencilled brows, inky black, and slightlydepressed towards the nose, a peculiarity which became in- tensified whenever their owner was ex cited to either irony or vexation, and which lent a carious and, to me, some what unpleasant expression to his face.' The other ladies voted him as hand some as a archangel Mr. Hume, our clergyman, suggested, half- langhingly, 'a fallen one 1' bnt, whatever onr opinions might be, they mattered very little to the subject of them. Those weirdly- brilliant eyes of his, with their orange- tawny light — a light which seemed to come from within, like those of the leopard and night-hawk — had vision for nothing bnt the charming face of his wife, while her innocent gaze seemed to luse itself in wondering admiration as it rested on him. ' They were ridiculously in love with one another. We had been talking abont thegl&riereoneday; attabled'bdte. Hehad often been in Switzerland before and was, describing some of his feats in Alpine climbing the while his girl-wife listened delightedly, and now and then pnt in a whisper to one of us. V ana naa ren'il naf. tAnft a ffail man. o-v vow v« £r«ns it wu vuuv a uuv uivu tangard, mon mari T Later in the evening I happened to be oat in the garden. It was not a large one bat bad the effect of bring so from being laid ontin a succession of terraces cut ont of the steep hillside, and planted thickly with all manner of flowering shrubs and fragrant, bright hned blossoms. Strolling along the upper of these terraces, I was gazing ont to where th e great white moun tains showed forth against a sapphire sky, set thick with golden star-gleams, and inhaling the ddirions fragrance of the pine-woods on the other side of the little river at onr feet, when I became aware of the presence of onr yonng lovers on the path below me. They were chatting in a little nook formed by the bench and the angle of the wall ; he half kneeling on the former, and supporting her as she sat on the wall, ber little feet crossed and hang ing Hnwn in front nf her. her filender —6 ' childish figure pressed against hisehonlder. She had on a black lace frock, cut so as to leave the neck andanns bun ; and her pretty shoulders, charmingly white and dimpled, gleamedlikesoft monads of snow in the moonlight. ' Eh bien, mon ch6rl,' I could hear her saying in her dear little child-voice, 'to morrow, then,thon wilt take me np to the mountains, and show me where to pick the 'edelweiss to show my mother when we return ?' If we can find a guide,' the husband answered ; ' but they say one might to engage them the day before, there are so many excnrrionlsts here at present.' The little bride ponted and struck him a playfol blow on on the month with a bnnch of heliotrope which she held in her hand. The perfume crashed against his lips rose np to me in. a sweet, sharp puff ' Guides! What do we want with guides? Have yon not told me bow well yon know these mountains, and how often yon have been over them alone? Yon ehall be my guide, Henri. I want no others, point d'fitrangere. "Rnfc annnasa anv accident shonld happen to you, petite ange f Accident I What accident ? We are not going np Mont Blanc, and the, pastenr Anglais" trices his sister always wiih him. Est- ce qae tame crois poltronne, mol V Jets ends tout Afrit adorable,' he answered, and, stooping down lifted her little sandalled shoe and kissed it. I thought it time to retire and did so ; bnt there had been no vulgar curiosity in my staying so long. They did their Inve- makiog perfectly openly, and there were several others besides meenjoying the perfumed air, on those terraced walks. " Next evening when we' came home 'from onr drive, wefoundlhe wfrple pen- mm |n . state, of thegreatesi excitement and codfosion. The tnainiss was In hysterics, Miss HojhhV. maid crying bltterIy4nthebaU,whileMadm, pria as death, |utf 3withiuwJiafell timpppd nn- ledegiflBtjea.pias to half-a-dozen eenratat onpe. She could bnlyanewBr pgr questions in incoherent yonr«bridp3hrid«i» !:vAfes jthat m % crevasse had to restrain him by force from flinging himself in.' It was too true. That same - night Mfas Hume and I went in to see the body. It had been laid ont in a lower room, and hearing that the poor child'e mother had been telegraphed for, we had gathered all the white flowers we conld find to strew ronnd the corpse, and eo soften the sorrowful sight to those to whom it must have been agony to gaze upon it It was a far more terrible one to ns than we had expected. Not that there were any horrible facial wounds or disfigure ment Curiously .enough, as the servants had already told ns, there was not a broken bone or a braise on the whole body. Indeed it mast have been the mere shock of falling from snch a giddy height that killed her, for she was fonnd, quite nninjnred outwardly, lying on a bed of soft enow at the bottom of the crevasse. Bat to look on the expression of her yonng face one wonldhave thought she had died in the most awful agony, so death — a look, not of pain, but of un utterable, indescribable fear, of frenzied horror and repulsion ;while the tiny waxen hands which some pious soul had tried to bind together croB<-wise on the breast, were bent backwards, with the stiffened fingers curving towards the palm, as though warding off some sudden unimagin able horror. Miss Hume conld hardly bear the right. 15he pnt her hand over the con torted features, and said faintly : ' Oh, would not one think there was no loving God behind death when a little girl can meet it so? Fancy a mother having only that look to remember her child'e face by ! Mm no one a veil to cover it.? I said I had, and sending her away, for she was quite unnerved, went to get it When I returned I foreot to brius a candle with me, and found the room in darkness, save for a broad stripe of moon light falling through a window at one end of it upon the bier, with its slender white-robed occupant, which stood iu the centre of the floor. Not thinking that there was anyone else in the room, I was going in softly, when I stepped back, shocked and startled at finding myself in the presence of the widower. He had not seen me. He was standing on the farther ride of the bier, his tall figure slightly bent over it, his arms raised high above hiB head, with the hands wreathed together and waring to and fro, as if in utterance of some payer or malediction against the woe which had fallen on him; while, though the spot where he stood was all the darker for being just outside that one ray of light, I could see his eyes dilated to double their nanal size, and blazing like two unearthly lamps with a ghastly yellow glare, which seemed to positively irradiate the dark and tortured face beneath them. Folly believing that the man had gone -...a. l:. :_j :il r t u.j vut ui uu ifiuiu wtb it gneiy i ucu, jjaiw and terrified, to my room, where I found Helen's maid was already packing onr things for going. She said that, consider ing the state of her unstress's health and spirits, she had persuaded her not to re main in a house with death so soon after her own sad loss, and that, after some discussion, Helen had agreed to leaveou the morrow. I was not sorry to hear it THE SECOND TIME. ' Well, be sure and call me if I can be of any use, Mrs. Critchett.' 'I will, ma'am, thank yon; and glad I shonld be to doso if it were in the night, and the nurse not here. They have engaged one. I made a point of it when I let 'em the rooms ; seeing as how that' was a thing I conld not feel called on for, with my other lodgers to see to and all. But from what she says now, I snomaot De a nit surprised it it was De- fore the rime.' Has she no mother, Mrs. Critchett ?' 'She has not, ma'am, which is maybe the reason I feel for her, being too yonng as I said, and more ignorant of the world and its wickedness than nine ont o'.ten gurls nowadays. A most pions and godly a yonng creetnr as ever I see ; an' not over strong. Sits there doing her bits of sewing for the baby as is coming, with her bible on her knee all day long, and sleeps with it nnder her pillow at night Even my 'usband, he Bays it's as good as reading a chapter to hear her talk ; which no offence to yon ma'am, all the same, as of course she is nothing but a Quaker, which nat'rally yon, being a clergyman's wife, might objec' to have anything to do with.' I should object to myself veiy much, Mrs. Critchett, if I had any Bnch feeling, or my husband either ; so don't forget to mention to yonr yonng lodger that it she feels nervous or riling, there is a lady up stairs who will be very glad to come and see, or 'help her in anyway.' It was the winter of 1875. I had been married nearly eix years, and John j T - ;n TlnWA. buu JL lycio uvjug iu ivugiugo iu \iuuu- fords-treet, Bloomsbnry. I should have preferred a house of my own ; bnt cir cumstances made lodgings more practic able to ns just then jjind these were very clean and comfortable, and kept by an ex ceedingly worthy woman. We had the drawing-looms and the best bedrooms above ; and besides as there were in the bonse three other lodgers ; a clerk in some City honse and his wife, who occupied the dining-rooms, and a queer old bachelor, who lived in one room at the top of the bonse, and whom we had never yet seen, though be was an older resident than ourselves, and we had lived with Mrs. Critchett for over three years. As for the couple downstairs, they had only been there for three monthB ; and all I knew of them was that I UBed to get a glimpse of him now and then going into the UJty or a morning, a stounsn, mice- set yonng man, with light hair and a florid complexion ; that he and his wife had not been married long ; and that she was understood to be in a delicate state ; of health. Probably for that reason she went ont vety seldom, except after dusk, and leaning on her husband's . .arm; and. riiongh I liad' passed her two or three timee on the -staircase, or at the door of term;-IIiadno_veiy dfatinet impres sion of her.eavecfa fair, slenderly-made yonng woman; with ;a very good, pnre- looking face; to which her ehnple doVe- cotoured gowns and muslin caps lent -a cHteinsoftnttractiveness. ;;fcg||Pjtffany service tpherjn" top soon, -for Jhat very night Hie teum- that 'poor Mrs. Page was took bad. Her husband had gone for the nnrse and doctor, and wonld I mind stepping down and comforting her a bit ?' Of course I went. There was not very mnch for me to do, however, thongh my inclination to do it was enhanced now that I had time to appreciate more thoroughly the abso- lnte beauty of holiness shining from the pale yonng face which I found lying so patiently on its pillows below. She was very weak, and suffering a great deal, but she made no complaint or fnSB, and indeed hardly spoke. When the doctor arrived, he eaid all was going on as well as possible ;and, indeed, a very few min utes after Mr. Page returned with the muse (who 'lived at the other side of London, and who had not expected to be wanted so soon), everything was over, and there was a tiny citizen the more in the world. I had gone back to my own room by then, not wishing to be in the way, and thinking that between husband, nnrse, doctor, and landlady, those very small aD&rtments; downstairs would be suffi- ciently tenanted. Indeed I was in the act of telling John, who had just come in, all abont it, and what a nice gentle creature the young Quaker's wife seemed to be, when the stillness which had fol lowed pleasantly on the late bustle and npset in the honse, was broken by a sudden hoarse shriek ; then an opening and shotting of doors, and the sound of footsteps hurrying to and fro. 'Something is wrong. What can it be, John?' I said, getting np, and looking apprehensively at my husband, and al most in the same moment Mrs. Critchett's maid came to the door with a breathless message : ' Oh, if yon please, ma'am, missis says could you come at once. She thinks Mrs. Page is going.' Going !' By the time I had got from my room to hers, it was plain that she was so far gone that the eyes into winch mine looked would never know me or any earthly thing again on this side of the grave. In sober troth, I hardly knew her ! The apartment had been tidied and pnt straight. There was a pleasant glow of fire and lamplight in it, the latter carefully shaded from the face which lay back upon its pillows jnst as I had left it barely on hoar ago. Bnt daring that short time snch a change had come over the features as no mere womanish pun or distress had had power to bring into them before ; and beneath which all that exquisite, calm trustfulness, which had been their principal characteristic before, was blotted out as completely ae though a livid aDd alien mask had been pressed down upon them. And each a mask ! Snch a ghastly presentment of unutter able woe, horror, and repulsion — agonised terror-stricken repulsion, as I had never, in all my life, eeen on any human face before, save once — the face of that girl- bride who had perished in the Swiss Alps. I had forgotten her. The whole inci dent had slinned from mv mind nntil re- called to it now, eeven years afterwards, by that never-to-be-forgotten look of mortal, unendurable terror, repeated even in the very pose of the poor hands which, damp and clammy in death's closing grasp, were yet lifted np with the palm turned ontwards and the fingers slightly curved, ae though in a last effort to throat from her something, or some vision, too horrible to see and live. She was not qaite dead, however, thongh the only rign of life was a faint convulsive shivering of the limbs and lips ; and both the none and landlady vied with me in striving, by applications of ice, brandy, etc., to recall the fast- ebbing sands of existence, and while the last-named woman answered as well as she conld my horror-stricken enquiries as to the cause of the terrible change before me. ' Ma'am, ehe was going on as well as possible. Very weak, bnt nothing in the world wrong ; thongh the baby, poor thing, is bnt a measly bit of a creature and not like to live, the doctor says. He bad done all as was needed, and was in a hurry to get off to another case he had, so after he'd spoke to Mr. Page, and told him he might go in and see his wife (as was asking for him), off he went. I let him ont myself, and then went into the little back room there to nurse, who was 'tending to the baby. She told me she'd just shown the gentleman in here, and bid him be careful not to excite his good lady ; bnt that, indeed, there seemed no fear ofj for he went in as soft and quiet as a moose, while she was lying smiling on her bed like an angel, calm and still. '"And an angel she's been all through," I said, when the words were hardly out of my month but there came a shriek from this room as yon might have heard upstairs, and as hardly sounded like her voice, though we knew it couldn't be no other. Nnrse and me we rushed in, and there she was sitting bolt upright in bed with her arms lifted np and her face like it is now, and him — Mr. Page, I mean — trainer tn lav hap Artam and oriritVia hw ' We pnt her back almost by force like for she seemed quite unconscious and stiff as if she was in a fit ; and he began telling us as he'd hardly eaid a word when a donkey, as wsb kept in a yard near by, suddenly brayed ont loud, and so startled her that she sprang np in bed with the scream we heard, when nnrse here ehe stopped him in his story and bid him ran for dear life after the doctor and fetch him back. ' "Never mind what frightened her," said she, " bnt go this minnit. She's dying now, an' if yon don't catch np with him she'll be gone before you get back.' There was a knock at the door at that instant, and with the exclamation, ' There he is !' Mrs. Critchett broke off in her narrative and hurtled out. A second later auu we neara uer opening hub iroucaoor, and apeakiDg volubly to some one there then stepB coming along the corridor, and another voice — a voice which somehow sent a cold, strange thrill through me, thongh I had no recollection of ever having heard it before — asking in tones' which, low as they were, penBfa»ted clearly to where I stood, ' Is she still alive?" Someone else heard the question besides me— the dying woman. I was holding her, supported on myurm ; and ri) the firet sohnd df that LvoiceI felt a .sharp swift shiver jrnn through her entire frame, while forpue nsttatthe secret horrorhidden behind tfrpte glBZed and staring eyeballs flashed Into sudden life. The white lips etth«|p,hissing ; The kloeed. j-®" She had died — died while her husband was still asking if she lived. Involuntarily I sank down upon my knees and bowed my head upon the bed clothes. At snch a moment — the mo ment when a sonl is snddenly torn away from eartb and set before the jndgment- seat ot God — prayer seems the fittest and only attitude for tboBe called on to wit ness the solemn change. Another step had, however, already entered the room, and as it slowly advanced to the foot of the bed I looked np, meaning to say such poor words of sympathy or comfort as might come to my lipe to aid the man so terribly stricken in the first recognition of his bereavement. They were never uttered ! Instead, I found myself staggering dumbly to my feet, with eyes fixed and staring, and a sudden icy coldness at my heart, as thongh evety drop of blood there had been jerked violently upwards to my confused and startled brain. Where — where and when had I seen before — not this man now facing me, this plain, dull-browed, Ran d tr-h ai tpA "Enoliftti nlort itnfTi nrfinuA back view only I had hitherto been fa miliar — not him ; but his eyes 1 eyes un like in shape and colour every other feature in his face, dark and sinister, with abnormally dilated pnpils, black, sharply lined brows, with a deep depres sion towards the centre of the nose, and iriseB of a. lurid orange hue which seemed to glow and scintillate as with some in ward flame ! I have no remembrance of how I left the room. Next morning, before I was up, John spoke veiy seriously to me, warning me never to say to anyone else what I had told him the previous night, and blamicg- me for letting my imagination (as he called it) affect my nerves «uid 'moral judgment in the -way it had done. He pointed ont to -me that sudden death might not nnnatnrally leave a more pain ful expression on . -the face than a gentle or lingering one,. and that it was the-recol- lections suddenly recalled to me by this one when I was tired and over-excited, and not any real resemblance, winch had induced me to fancy a likeness between onr fallow-lodger and the handsome yonng Frenchman of Beven years back. He told me also that he had seen the former several times, and conld not detect anything weird or nnnenal in his eyes save that they, ai well as the brows, were rather darker than the general tone of his colouring warranted; and that from what he heard from the nnrse and doctor, he was of opinion that the poor yonng woman's-death-resulted from per fectly natural causes, and snch as would most probably be induced inn nervous woman in her condition by any sndden fright or strain to the system. He .said this and a good deal more, and I listened and was silent I even tried to believe that he was right, and did not ask : ' But was she a nervous woman or one peculiarly the reverse, and why shonld T, on whose strength and common- Raima vnn hflya mllAt) fnr sir umm snti J "w» —a who has stood by yon beside many and many a death-bed, and helped yon to comfort all sorts and conditions of mnr- mnrers, turn suddenly, and withont any cause, nervous and fanciful also f That evening Mrs. Critchett came to tell me that baby was dead, and that the widower had given her notice, saying that he conld not bear to stay in the honse. She added : ' Not that a day-old child can make mnch difference to him, poor man ; and lor my part, I think it's better ont of the way. It was miserable delicate from the first, and had the queerest eyes, black and nncanny as a little imp's. For that matter there's something about the father's — Heaven forgive me for saying it of him, poor sonl ! — which always makes me feel a bit creepy. Did yon ever notice them, ma'am ?' TJTE THTOTI TTMH. ' What follows is taken from my last year's note-book, the Christmas week of 1882\. I copy it jnst as it stands, with out any alteration whatever, save as re gards the actual names of the town and people concerned in it. Ab I am still living in the former, and my husband is rector of the parish, it might possibly be injurious to him or others where I to omit this one caution. Nov. 25th. — Jnst a month to Christ mas, our first Christmas at the rectoiy ! What a stately, comfortable sonnd it has, and how well it suits John 1 He seems actually growing stouter to fit it. Martha tells me that the house adjoining ours is let at last I am glad of it, for it is a serious drawback to our pretty, cheerful home to be obliged to look out on those desolate, weed-grown gardens, those rows of gannt and shuttered windows. It is a large house too, and one of the oldest in the place. They say one wing dates back nearly two hundred years, but it belongs to a family who do not live there, and it has been unlet for a long time. I believe there fa some talk of its being haunted, and that tenants will not stay in it I hone the new ones will nrova exceptions to the rale. It is qnite cheer ing even to see the hnge iron gates standing open, and painters and glaziers already hard at work all over the pre mises. Nov. 30th. — I have been listening to' a terrible story to-day, a ghost stoiy, too,1 of all things in the world for a sober rector's wife to give ear to ; bnt ae it relates to the Prioiy (the nsme by which the honse adjoining oars fa known), and explains the hdrror with which even the school children regard that mansion, L thought I might be excused for letting the old woman who comes to mend my carpets give me her version of the legend in question. I need hardly say that she belives in it most implicitly. It seems that about a hundred years ago it belonged to a member of the xuutpo aaamijip n uu uauiuauc a nwjrAur tnnate . marriage. That fa to say, he had married a veiy yonng and lovely girl who had all the ontward semblances of pnrity, and innocence, and who, nevertheless, tamed ont to be as shamelessly wicked as what old Mrs. Lnton calls, ' the bad- dest lot in the town.' Not con tent- with bong false to her hnshand, ehe used his absence in America, on diplomatic bad ness connected withonr lately Jonght-ont independenca of the coloniea there, to faun the dignified old Prioiy into pande monium of -such reckless license and dissipation, as filled the whole £ounty with tae scsBdalof tiiedping8 ther and nanseA ber.fasolhte pompanipiis fefre pubUdy frootedln the streets lot (he little town,.:' "'»' - T- i : 'Ttfa tme of them frorn abroad, and so place her in safety from his wrath ; but if so, her scheme was frustrated. Major Thorpe returned three weekB sooner than had been ex pected, and was met on lauding by an old servant who had left the Prioiy in disgust at the scenes enacted there, and lost no time in acquainting his master with him. The scene which followed must have been a terrible one. At first, indeeed, Major Thorpe said nothing, but struck down and went nigh to murder the man who had dared to blacken his wife's fame to him ; bnt when convinced of the troth of his story, he lifted hfa two arms to Heaven and swore so terrible an oath of vengeance as cnrdled the very blood of the listener, offering himself to perish everlastingly if for those dishonoured seven months of hfa absence he might be allowed, not only to pnnfah her who had polluted them, but once in seven years to wreak snch residue of hfa wrongs as her mere death conld not atone for, on some poor woman yonng and pure and innnivnf1. on aTia hoA eoampA tn ha. an A so satisfy hfa tortured sonl for the worse torture that first woman had inflicted on him. That same night, a sndden cry of ' Fire !' was raised in the quiet old town ; and folks, roused from their sleep and rushing to the spot, saw flames pouring from the lower windows of that part of the Priory which Mrs. Thorpe inhabited. The servants, who slept in another wing, were already awakened, and had made good their escape ; but all their attempts at rescuing their mistress proved futile, the door opening from the great hall to her suite of apartments being fonnd to be locked and barred ! while through crack and keyhole ponred a crimson glow which showed that all within was already a sea of roaring flame. And then, while the shrieks of the victims within, and of the crowd without rent the air — and while some ran for water and some for ladders, and some flew hiding their eyes for very fear and horror — there was seen at one of the upper windows an awful sight ; for there, during the space of one minute, there appeared, as if painted against a curtain of lurid red and framed in wreaths of smoke, three fignree — a man and woman, and between them Major Thorpe, hold ing a hand of each, clasped together in the iron clutch of one of hfa, while with the other he levelled a pistol menacing at the head of a man, whose left arm hnng, evidently broken, at ids side ; the while the woman writhed and shrieked and clang to him with vain cries for mercy. For one second, I say, this was visible. The next, there came an awful crash, as thongh a magazine had exploded at their feet, and in a breath the whole front of the house, roofi windows, walls and all, disappeared and crumbled away.in a vast sheet of white flame which shot high into the air and sank down, cariying those three figures with it. mu lullluu ul liucu uwluco wm wuuu when the ruins came to be searched after wards ; and in coarse of time, the Thorpe family rebuilt the house as it now stands, and announced it as to let ; but already an evil name had accrued to it. People spoke of cries issuing from the empty rooms, and of a shadowy male form seen prowling along the galleries of the one wing of the ancient building still remain ing, or in the deserted garden ; and though tenants came, it was only to go again more quickly. It remains to be seen if the new people — an Indian colonel and hfa wife — will be braver. Bnt I am half ashamed to have lis tened to snch a farrago of romance andl superstition after alL I hope no one wil whisper a word of it to my little Joe. He fa fond of making hfa way into that garden and playing there. Tliut 1 Sfli QTT aes MAvna n« J T JJCta IVVUa i-UOjr Ol O laUUiO) a Li LI X have seen them ; that is, I have had a distant view of them from my bedroom window, as they stood on their lawn together — he, a tall, white-haired, soldierly-looking man, with a long mous tache ; Bhe, a singularly slender, graceful woman, in black, with a large silver cross ronnd her neck, and seemingly mnch the yonnger of the two. People who have met them tell me they are both delight ful, and the greatest acquisitions to the place that it has had for years ; bnt I fear we are not fated to know mnch of them. Colonel Thorpe (he is a distant cousin of the owners of the hooBe) fa an avowed Freethinker, and his beautiful wife — what sounds far worse in the ears of onr good fownsfold — a Roman Catho lic ! 'A most devout, us one too,' Lady Faoshawe, onr patron's wife, told me. ' Had set her heart on going into a con vent when Colonel Thorpe met her and fell eo in love with her that he persuaded her to marry him instead. A sweet ; creature, with a delicious nan-like nn- i worldliness added to her new matronhood, which makes me qnite in love -with her myself. You mustn't call there, however. That bad colonel hates n arsons, and swears he wouldn't have anyone from a parson's honse inside hfa. Isn't it dread ful of him J' ' And hfa wife ?' I said. 'Ob, my dear, didn't I tell yon she was a Romanist,' and yon know the ill- feeling here against the late rector for hfa ritualistic tendencies. It would never do for yon or yonr hnsband to seem to run after her. Yonr parishioners wonld be in arms against yon at once.' Dec. 23rd. — Something has happened which has upset me terribly. I do not what to think of it, whether I am under a deIUBion,or am not so strong as I was ; or what it portends, if indeed it portends anything. If John were only here ! bnt he left yesterday for Dollminster on a visit to the bishop, and will not be back till this afternoon. Perhaps, too, he wonld MA BMA /\HAA 1UA\M UUljr 4W Ulta VUVS W lUXSj uani time in Bloomsbnry, he said it was imagination and now—— Bnt I had better write it Ml down. Perhaps, if it lookB ridiculous on paper, I may be able to flee! the foolishness of it in myself I was going down to th e church yester day afternoon to see abont thedecorations. Here is a narrow lane dividing the Priory grounds .from the churchyard, which makes a short cut from onr honse to the latter; and. along this I was hurrying, when, midway In it, I "en countered Colonel Horpe. He was carry ing aleather hand- bag, -as if bonnd on -a journey, and as it was the first time I- had -had nn opportunity of -seeing him close, inatoridly slackened my pace, a littie, so as to get.a better view of him.: JleUeve jme /when I my it; I had no other; v; v : , atone who was not only onr nearest neighbour, bnt a man of good position in the county ; and my first glance at the tall erect figure, the white locks, and long grey monstache,gaveme adistinct feeling of admiration In the same moment, however, I was conscious of a change coming over me ; a kind of coldness, mingled with a nervous thrill, which quickened as he drew nearer. Instinct ively I hang back, a sort of chilled ex pectancy, thongh of what I knew not, clogging my steps; while by contrary impulse, dread, blended with desire, drew my eyes more eagerly to his. A double wave of memory seemed to sweep over me — sharp peaks of dazzling snow rising against a sapphire sky, the scent of heaped white flowers on a silent form ; and anon a close sick- room, cold clutch ing hands, and the wail of a baby near by. A mfat was gathering over my gaze, my hands felt cold, my head giddy ; and instead of the man before me, I seemed to see the ontiine of a window filled with lnrid flame, and gleaming out of it a Dair of eves, fierce, dark, with hueelv dilated pupils, and irises of a tawny yellow, glowing like two hellish coals with inward fire ; the very eyes — Heaven help me now, as I speak the truth ! — which seven years before had met mine over the lifeless body of the City clerk'e yonng. wife, which once again, seven years before that, had lit with snch a wild and ghastly glare Jhe dark face of the young Frenchman in the Swiss chalet And then, in the same moment, the mfat cleared, and I saw the eyes only, and knew that they were in Colonel Thorpe's face, and that they recognised me ! Aye, believe it or not, they did ; and I knew it not by any process which I conld describe to yon, bnt by that nameless sympathetic flash and thrill that npleaping ' something' in the gaze which says to yon, and everyone meeting it, whether they can answer it or not, I know you!' There was no syllable spoken, no pause on either side. We met, and passed, and I went on to the church but iu such a tumnlt of feeliog as I pray that I may never experience again — shaken, and filled by such an overpowering sense of some terrible impending calamity, which shook me to my very centre with impotent terror and anxiety. For what conld I do, or say, that would not proclaim me a hopeless maniac, were I to strive to avert an evil, which even in my madness (if madness it was) I could not dare to pnt into words, could I find words to put it in, and which all the time I feel myself helplessly powerlesB to avert 1 Was I to call at the Priory, to intrude on its stately young mistress, and implore her to flee from her home and seek shelter with a stranger like me, from her own natural protector, the hasband for whose love Bhe had given np her own holiest hopes and ambitions i And yet it was over her head that I knew the doom to be impending ; and, honr by hour, as I sat trying to work or read in mv nwn nAAftftfnl ViftnaP T fait it ftflm- ing nearer and nearer to the ill-fated one adjoining ns, and saw again the mocking pitiless gleam of those eyes defying me to war against the lost sonl behind them. And it only wanted two days to Chrfat- mas. Everything else looked so gay, so tranquil. I even caught a glimp se of her during the day speaking to a couple of poor tramps at the gate, and bringing them bread and meat in her own handB. I most harry on. When night came 1 conld not sleep. I had felt better and more ch eerfnl daring the evening. In fact I had taken the tronble to ascertain that Colonel Titorpe had really been starting for London when I saw him that afternoon, and wonld not return till next day. The doom, then, whatever it might be, was not to frill im mediately on its innocent victim. Provi dence might even yet show me some fn ootid f<in«ntAinfr it nff onA A irtlw T felt this my spirits rose, and I even felt able tolanghat myself for my forebodings and to feel glad John was not at home to scold me for them. Bnt after I was in bed sleep wonld not come to me. I was not ill or feverish, my head did not ache. There was noth ing the matter with me except that, try as I might, my eyes would not close in slumber. I remained wide awake for a couple of hours or more, and at last, : wearied oflying thus, got np and went to the window, meaning to look ont at the night before lighting a candle and trying to read myself to sleep. It was then jnst on the stroke of one. The whole town was asleep, and over everything reigned perfect stillneBS. Opposite me was the Priory, shuttered andstlenttoo, and its gardenB white with frost and bsthed in the fall rays of die moon, save where a belt of trees or shrubbery cast darkly-waving shadows on the silvered snrface. I wsb still gazing, when suddenly one of these shadows seem to detach itself from the rest, and glide forward with a motion suggestive of some crouching creature unwilling to be seen. Involun- tarily the old woman's story of the Priory ghost flashed back npon my mind, and I leant forward to see better ; bat in - the seme moment the moon had passed behind a clond and the shade disappeared, sucked hack into the general obscurity of the shrubs through which it had seemed to be creeping ; only for an instant, how ever. The next, the fall silver orb rode ont again calm and bright as ever npon the bine expanse, and as it did so the bashes swayed and parted, and out from among them stepped a tall black figure, which stood erect in the moonbeams — no ghost, bnt a man, and the man I had thongh of at that moment as far and safely away — Colonel Horpe ! There was no mistaking him ; no possibility of delusion. For two frill seconds he stood there in the white moonlifht. dressed as T had seen him earlier in the day, with hfa blanched hair and long carved moustache glittering in the silver rays, and then plunged again into the shadow, and disappeared in the direction of the honee. January 30, 1883. — It fa many weeks once 1. have written in my diary. I have been ill for almost the first time in my life — very ILL Hey woQld net even ; let me write letters for some time, bnt. now that lam well and feeling . strong again 1 must add a few words. : I think ' it was about mid-day on Christmaa Eve that the news reached ns that yonng Mis. Thorpe was dead. The lady's-maid had found her bed unsfopt in fo tW-moming, and on search beihgmade she waadiscovered in the library (a room inthe older part of the honse) on her. knees and stone dead. It seemed that Jhe had told the maid on thb previous evening not to wait np for her, as she had promised to do some copying for the colonel, which might keep her np late, and from her 'position, combined with the papers on the table, and an over turned chair behind ber, it was surmised that she had been suddenly startled from her occupation by Borne tight or sound — though what, none could Bay — and had actually died of fright. Colonel Thorpe was away in London at the time, bat by a curious chance bad left for home before tbe telegram summoning him arrived, and appeared among the bewildered and terrified servants within half an honr of the dis covery of the body. One of them after wards told me it was a Bight to make the bravest shudder — he standing there gaz ing at her as if turned into stone, and she, hfa wife, stretched at hfa feet with that awful look of terror— the terror that had killed her — still staring dumbly from her dead face, and the silver cross she generally wore held stiffly up in both the poor cold hands, as if in mute anneal to Heaven. The hnsband has gone abroad again now, and the Prioiy fa once more un tenanted. They say it will be polled down. After what has happened this time no one will ever live in it again. 'With this fragment from my diary, my stoiy ends. I have nothing more to say, and no arguments to put forward. If indeed each a thing be possible as that the corse of a lost and reckless bouI should be allowed to take actual form and shape, and by the mere revelation for one in stant of its infernal personality, crush out instantaneously and irremediably the spark of life in its hapless victims, itfanot for me to say, nor fa this the place for the dfaenssion of snch snggestions. All I cando is to state the facts as they occurred. If to other minds they offer an easier ex planation, I am glad of it. 