THE REDISTRIBUTION OF SEATS IN GREAT BRITAIN. By some means or other the Govern ment scheme for the redistribution of seats has leaked out. A few days ago the Marquis of Hartington. proposed that! the leader of the Conservative Opposition in the House of Lords should examine for himself the Bill proposed by the Govern ment, . and : make it the basis of a com promise. The Standard, the lead ing. Conservative journal, . supported this proposition strongly, and it u quite possible that due secrecy was noi observed in the matter by the Marquis oi Salisbury and his fellows. On no othei supposition can we understand how i; came to pass that a Liberal measure should be first announced in detail in an Opposition paper. This is assum ing that the Standard's summary as telegraphed to us this morning: is correct. It will be found on exa mination of the provisions that the total number of members for the United King dom still stands at 652. So far as Eng land and Wales is concerned no large increase is shown. Including the mem bers for the University, who, we presume, will be as numerous under the new Bill as they were before, England and Wales return now 489 members. But of these the counties returned only 187, whilst there were 297 mem bers for cities and boroughs. Under the new scheme there will be 495 members; but the county members, instead of being Dnlyl87,.willbe249, and the city mem bers will be reduced from 297 to 241. Fhe importance of this change, from a Conservative point of view, will be seen when we consider that in the present Parliament 120 of the 187 county mem sers belong to that party, whilst in ;he cities and boroughs 201 Liberals vere returned as against 83 Conser vatives. Thus it is evident that Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet ia introducing the measure are not actuated by party motives, for they increase the representa tion^ the counties where their opponents are at present strong, and diminish the representation of the centres of industry, where they themselves have so large a majority. As a set off to this it must be remembered that the Franchise Act which gives the suffrage to some hundreds of thousands of new voters, many of whom may be expected to give their support to the Liberal party, will be hi operation when the Redistribution Act is brought into force. Scotland Bhows an advance all along the line. The counties will return 36 members as against 32, and the cities and burghs 32 as against 26. With the two University members the Scotch contin gent is thus brought up to 70 members, or an increase of 10. This is, of course, ia every way an advantage for the Liberals, who may safely count upon two-thirds or five-Bixths of the membera returned. The greatest fight will probably be over the change as it affects Ireland. Under the present system Ireland returns 64 mem bers for the counties, 37 for the cities and boroughs, and two for Dublin University, making 103 in all. tThe scheme S3 now published leaves the counties, and, we presume, the University, untouched, but make3 an im portant change in the cities and boroughs. Of the 37 members hitherto returned 12 belong to six cities, of which only two (Dublin and Belfast) have a population of over 200,000; Cork has 97,526; Limerick, 48,246 ; Watorford, 28,952; and Galway, 18,906. These figures, which are taken from the census of 1881, may be accepted as describing pretty accu rately the present population . of the citieB which now return two members each. On the face of it, it is absurd that Galway with its 18,000 people should return as many members as Dublin with its 273,000. And it is equally ridiculous, if we remember that boroughs which, contain under 10,000 people ara not allowed to -eturn any members,^ to find thatja population under 20,000 is allowed to return two members. This anomaly, how ever, will probably be done away with. But, besides the six cities which return two members each, there tire twenty-five at present which return one. Of these twenty-five there are only nine which have a population of over 10,000, whilst the others vaiy from 9,664 in Tralee to 2,426 in Poitarlington. This means that these sixteen cities and boroughs will be locally disfranchised. The National party will not have anything particular to complain of. The counties, in which they scored 44 at the last elections to the Conservatives' 11 and the Liberals'_7, are left intact. Of the sixteen citie3 and boroughs with populations under 10,000 only seven returned Home Rulers. But amongst these seven It must be borne in mind there occur Buch names aa O'Donnell, Eedmond, and O'Brien. Taking the whole repre sentation, however, it appears* that Ireland, instead of returning 103 members, will, under Mr. Gladstone's scheme, re turn only 87. ?- It seems to be a mistake i'TEuh to diminish, out of proportion to the Bister Kingdoms, the number of Irish members. Roughly speaking, England and Wales return one member for every ; 52,000 of their population; Scotland, one fcr every 53,000; Ireland, one Jor every 59,000 ; and the United Kingdom, one for every 53,000.. Of course it may ba that, the new . distribution of representation is regulated on Borne other basis than that of population'; but, even if it was regu lated by contributions to the revenue, or by the mean of the two numbers, a Parliamentary paper issued some 'eight years ago, which may be held to be fairly applicable now, is our authority for stating that the proportional representation of Ireland would be higher than it will be under the new scheme* Nothing ought to be further from the in tentions of the Government than any measure which might seem to'be intended as a Blight to Ireland. Of course, our calculations, p.3 we said before, are based upon the Standard's report, which may or may not be a correct summary of the scheme. The Noetheen Tebuixobx.J.udoe. — The Government have made choice of Mr. Pater as the first occupant of the new judicial office created by the Northern. Territory Justice Act of the present session. It iB to be presumed that they have not taken this very important step without making full enquiry into the vigorous agitation against Mr. Pater which has convulsed one por tion, at all events, of Palmerston society, and satisfying themselves that it ia either unwairanted or out of all proportion to the , circumstance from which . it took its rise. It is not essential to the efficient discharge of his functions that a Judge should be popular, but it ia in the highest degree necessary that he should be able to command the respect* the confidence, and even the good» will of those who have to commit their causes to him for adjudication. To appoint as Judge a gentleman who ha3 made himself obnoxious to a .consider able section of the community is a heavy responsibility for the Government to undertake, andean only be defended on the assumption that they believe him to have been wrongedj and that they are sat;gficl that the feeling against him is merely transient. It must be borne in nMnd that this new Judge is not merely a Special Magistrate with an altered ? title. He is practically irremovable, inasmuch as he holds office during goodTjehaviour, and not during pleasure; he is the head of the Judicial Department in the Ter ritory ; has to all intents and purposes the same authorities as those vested in the Supreme Court Judges ; is empowered, subject to an appeal which may or may not be prosecuted, to pass sentence of death; and necessarily from his posi tion must exercise a powerful in fluence for good or evil upon the community. That Mr. Pater possesses ? the ability and experience requi site for the work committed to him cannot be doubted ; whether he is gifted with sufficient tact to accommodate him self to the exigencies of a new settlement 30 peculiarly situated a3 that in the Northern Territoiy is riot so apparent. However, the die has been cast,, and is there is reason to believe that the differences which have arisen, between him and a section of the residents at Palmerston are not incur able, it is to be hoped that he will, by lis urbanity, good judgment, and reason ible efforts in the direction of cdnciliatir; r lis opponents, remove all doubt as to u'b fitness for the office for whick le has been Belected. It bo happens that in to-day's issue appears a letter from one of the members of the Bar at Port Darwin, Mr. Beresford, containing answers to the charges brought against His Honor. The statements made certainly put matters in a somewhat, new light, and justify the impression that the grounds of complaint against Mr. Pater have been exaggerated. It is for him to prevent any further friction, and even to remove that which now exists, not by an undignified surrender of ?what is due to him, but by the zealous, straightforward, and courteous performance of his duties. We hear from the Territory that the wisdom of the appointment has been stoutly challenged, and it will soon be seen whether the new Judge is equal to the task of steering suc cessfully through the difficulties which environ h;m. VIS1T OF THE GOVERNOR TO THE PRO- TECTOR. — His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Premier and Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, and attended by the Aid-de-camp, arrived at Port Adelaide at 11 on Thursday morning, and were met at the railway station by Commander Walcot,R.N. A boat's crew from the man-of- war was in readi- ness at the official landing steps, and the party having embarked were taken to the Protector, where a thorough inspection of the vessel was made, and the visitors were subse- quently entertained by the Commander. Thursday's Parliament.— The Assembly advanced the public business right well on' Thursday. The preliminary matters were not of much importance. The Commissioner of Public Works sa'd that the expenditure of £130 is being made upon the ventilation of the House. Mr. Ward complained that the Marine Board had, unfairly to Port Germein, made appear excessive the estimate of cost given in a return for dredging at that port. He asked the Government to have a correc tion made, and Mr. Copley supported the request,- pointing out another discrepancy. Before the Government coald reply, Mr. Grainger formally objeLtwl to the discussion proceeding, and so it had to be stopped in obedience to tie Standing Orders. The Pastoral Land Bill was finally pat through Committee, whose ieport will be considered on Tuesday. Few Bilk have had to run the gauntlet of so much discussion as this. The Taxation Bill was further dealt with, and the decisive vote upon the important point of the exemption of religious and charitable institutions from the land tax, and of Friendly Societies from the iocome tax, will then be taken in a (nil House. The Commissioner of Crown Lands briefly moved the second reading of the Bill providing for the gradual abolition of grasts-in-aid to Corporations at tbe rate of one-sixth yearly. Mr. Newland secured the adjournment of the debate until Tuesday. The second reading of the Law of Inheritance Bill waa moved by the At torrey-Gtneral, and the Bill was taken into Committee without more discussion, except an approving word from the exAttoruey General. It will be farther considered on Tuesday. The law at pvesent provides that if a father dies intestate one third of his property shall go to his widow, the balance being equally divided amongst his children. This Bill extends the provision to (he rela tives of a married woman dyJn^ intesfcUa, the husband at present bein? able to olfsJtn all the property and the children not any. The Dog Bill was advanced up to its third reading without debate ; two motions for returns were carried, and the Honse roBe at 6 o'clock, after doing an un usually good day's work. . The .Taxation Bm.— When the motion ^Thafc.the Taxation Bill 'be reported'; was put' inr the Assembly on Thursday, the Attorney-General added a clearer definition of 'taxpayer,' to prevent misconception. The; Hon. J. C. Bray then moved again to exempt from the operation of the laud tax— 'Land used Solely for religious, charitable, or educational purposes, or used by Muni cipal Corporations or District Councils for public purposes, or by any Institute under the provisions of the Institute Act No. 16 of ,1874, or by any Society incorporated under Act No. 21 of 1858.' The debate upon the matter was brief. The Chief Secretary said the Government must oppose from principle all'further exceptions, bat as there was then a thin House it would be fairer to settle the matter on Tuesday. To this (several speakers having spoken in favour of the amendment) the morer agreed, and he also indicated his intention to move on Tuesday for the exemp tion from the effect of the income tax of Friendly Societies, and for the clearer mani eifcafcfon of the intention that the landowner, and not the tenant, shall pay the land tax. The Committee will decide upon these matters on Tuesday. The Pasxoeal Bill otjt of Committee. —After nearly three hours' keen discussion on recommitted clauses this Bill passed out of Committee on Thursday. The principal pact considered related to Mr. Burgoyne's amend ment requiring new lessees to deposit 10 per cent, on thevalueof improvements, andamend ment which was subsequently so amended that some of its friends denied its efficacy. The first modification was a3 to the time ?when the deposit should be made. The Government at the outset proposed when the lessee took possession, and afterwards carried that it should be when he became entitled to it. The Hon. J. C. Bray then moved that 5 per cent, interest should be paid on the deposit and allowed against the rent, which after a brief discussion wa3 adopted. The Commis sioner, who announced that the Government would take a Bank deposit receipt for the payment in respect to the improvements, got a provision inserted that as soon as the lessee put upon the land improvements equal in value to the deposit it should be returned. Mr. Catt secured to the new lessee payment for all substantial water improvements in Class L ; but Mr. Copley failed in the attempt to prevent a peison holding in Class I. more than one 200 square-mile block. Mr. Castine ventured into the breach with an amendment to divide Class I. 5uto two classes, A and B, so a3 to get small blocks of 50 to 100 square miles. Mr. Newland next had a long talk over clause 12, which he Bought to strike out for one to secure a greater fixity of tenure ou the New South Wales system of renewals on reassessed rentals— a system which the Com missioner of Public Works said the mother colony had abandoned.. Only four vot:d ?r ;Ji while twenty-one went against $he dis appointed memter for Encounter Bay. giause 23 was tended, so that a year's rent imouid be paid on the fall of the hammer. Mr. Grainger, who obtained the honour of inserting a new clause giving Parliament the Pastoral Board's reporb with plan of Hocks a fortnight before the auction sale, gave Mr. Howe a mest unexpected rebuke. After the junior member for Wallaroo had given an elaborate argument for his clause, Mr. Howe, who had just entered, provokin^ly asked for an explanation for ita insertion. Mr. Grainger tartly replied that if Mr. Howe had been inhi3 place in the House he would have heard it, and quickly sat down. The House laughed, and Mr. Howe joined in the merriment to the extent of bein? unable to reply until the Commissioner came to his rescue with the explanation. The passing of this tongh Bill out of Committee was a matter for general gratulations. It was expected that it would have gone through all its stages forthwith, but instead the consideration of the report was fixed for Tuesday. .^TheGoversmest ami Chinese Laboue. .--From statements made to us by a member ? of Ihe original crew shipped at Port Adelaide for the Government steamer Palmerston, and ?who with nine others has returned hither ly the Wbosung, it would appear that the discharge of the European crew and the fill fag, of their places with Chinamen was a premeditated affair. The story of the l seaman alluded to, which is almost entirely corroborated by the Secretary of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Union, is to the effect that though the captain of the s.s. Tannadice acting under instructions issued in the Terri tory, had brought to Port Darwin a Chinese crew to replace the Europeans, the latter were kept in ignorance of the fact till the last day of their term, and had not even been given the option of remaining in the service. The excuse made of their being un suitable for the climate was simply a farce. They arrived in the Territory in July, and were not afforded much trial They contend that if the officers of the vessel are iequal to the climate tbe seamen are fully bo. The discharged crew consisted of nine seamen three firemen, two cooka, and two stewards, and the imported crew comprised twenty-one Chinamen. These 'on their arrival in the Tannadics were tran shipped to the Government cutter Flying Cloud, and there kept till the expiration of the term agreed upon by the Europeans six months. One of the latter, a seaman, was asked to remain with fche Palmeraton as the captain wanted a reliable mm to follow the steamlaunch up the rivers for the purpose of heavmg the lead. He asked for £9 per month, but being offered only £7 refused to remain^, not caring to ship with the Cainese. The chief complaint of the Europeans is that though a proportion at any rate were willing to remain they -were not asked, and the Seamen's Union think it a disgrace that the Government should, by importing an alien crew, act so unfaixly towards the seamen of the colony. In the event of the men having left of their own choice, and no others being obtainable in the Territory, it is contended that a crew might easily have been obtained from Cooktown or other near port. Encouragement, of Local Industries Deputation.— Eeferrins to the deputation that waited upon the Treasurer on Septem ber 23, for the purpose of submitting certain resolutions passed by the Chamber of Manu factures with reference to the encouragement of local industries, Mr. Johnson has re ceived a reply from Mr. Rounsevell that the Government do Dot intend to interfere with tha tariff at present, but will take the matter into consideration daring uherecess. The Government and the Ocean Dock — The Treasurer mentioned in the Assembly on Thursday that the Government do not intend to appoint a surveyor to fix the start ing point of the foreshore for the Ocean Dock Company, but that they will givea'l the information in their possession to enable the Company to determine it for themselves. Dance at Government House. — His Excellency the Governor and Lady Robinson held a dance at Government House on Thursday evening,;at which between 200 and 300 people were present. The dancing was kept up until a late hour. Passengers pbr P. & O. b.s. Shannon.— The following are the passengers booked to leave Adelaide by the P. & O. s.s. Shannon, which leaves Glenelg on Saturday, the 11th inst. In the Baloon— Dr. Stirling and Mr. A. Dixson, for London, and Miss Simpson for Bombay. THE MARINE BOARD.— This Board met on Thursday morning, and went through the business rapidly. The Traffic Manager approved of jetty dues on salt being fixed on November 1 at 6d. per ton. The Port Augusta Harbour Master reported that the quarantine station was in an unsuitable posi- tion, and should be removed, so as to do away with the want of moorings, to which the Corporation had called attention. The Board declined to approve the expenditure of money on moorings there, as vessels could be quarantined lower down the Gulf. The Mercantile Marine Service Association wrote another long letter on the conduct of the examination of mastsrs and mates, in the terms agreed upon at their last meeting. The Board simply received it. In the case of an engineer, who had been re fused a certificate on account of the domici liary clause, tbe Board was disposed to ex change his colonial one, if ihe only objection had been through that clause, but the Secre tary was instructed to report whether there was power to do so. Government Land Sales.— At the Land Office on Thursday, October 9, eight Iot3of pastoral leases north of the Great Australian Bight were offered for sale. Two of them were sold, Section 1156, containing 245 acres, being purchased by W. Waldren at £67 7s. 6d. ; and Section 1153, 100 acres, by Annie JStone at £27 10s. Amongst the mis cellaneous leases offered for sale was a reserve near Section 4, in the Hundred of Eurilpa, of 2£ acres, which waa purchased by J. Heaslip at 103. Several miscellaneous leases, having a total of 5,539 acres, brought £101. For five sections in the Hundred of Eba, containing 1,807 acres, there was no bid. Water Supply for Blackrock Plain.— On Thursday Messrs. Ward and Copley, members for the District of Frome, presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands memo rials numerously signed by residents of Yatina and surrounding district praying him to have the water supply on Blackrock Plain improved. The first memorial asked that the Commissioner would have opened as . soon as possible a well on leased lands of the Crown suburban to Yatina, which was at present in the occupation of Mr. J. Torr. In consequence of his not having complied with the conditions of his lease the memorialists had to travel a distance of six miles to Behia Creek to procure water, thereby greatly in conveniencing them. The Commissioner, in reply, stated that in all cases where wells had been out of repair he had made it a practice to have them put in repair, and then offered on lease with the condition that the tenant should keep them in good order, and supply the residents with water at the usual rate. He promised to immediately enquire into the matter, and if he found, as the memorial stated, that Mr. Torr had not kept the well in repair, and was not supply ing the public with water, he would forfeit his lease, and offer it again. The other me morial asked the Commissioner to have a tank or reservoir sunk on Blackrock Pla'a at the place where a trial shaft was recently sunk. The site of the proposed well was on the travelling-stock reserve between Orroroo and Benia, and about four miles from the well on Mr. Torr's land. Mr. Copley stated that the well on Mr. Torr's land was about a mile from the stock route, and therefore vns not available for stock. He also considered that the twenty-one miles intervening be tween Orroroo and Benia Creek was a ver/ long distance for stock to travel without water ; and, as the route was very much used, he urged that the proposed well should be sunk. The Commissioner said that in the present financial position of the colony he could hardly see his way clear to comply with the request or the memorialists, as the money requisite to carry out the work could be expended in sinking wells which were more urgently required. He considered that twenty-one miles was not a very excessive distance for stock to travel, but he promised to give the subject earnest consideration. The Semaphore Chess Club. — The han dicap tournament at this club is nearly finished. Mf: W: J: McArtiiur has secured the first prize with 9 games w6n te 2lC!t, and Captain A. Bruce the second with 8 j wins to 2£ lost. For the third prize there is a tie between Messrs. W. Harvey, ft. A. Holmes, and J. H. Kneebone, who have each won 8 games and lost 3. This triangular duel will be fought out next week. Sir Moses Montefiore's Hundredth Birthday.— Our Jewish fellow-colonists are arranging for a worthy celebration of the hundredth anniversary of the birthday of Sir Moses Montefiore, whose reputation as a philanthropist extends almo3t all the word over. A solemn service with Bpecial music will be held in the Svnagogae, which will be beautifully decorated. Lecture on ' Hamlet.'— An able lecture on 'Hamlet' was delivered &t; the Univer sity on Thursday evening to the members of the University ShakBpeare Society by the President of the Society (the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., Vice-Chancellor of the Uni versity). The Chief Justice (Chancellor of the University) presided. After endeavour ine to show by a comparison of the latest with the earlier and much smaller edi tions of the play, between which a great difference existed, that Shakapeare did not intend to represent Hamlet as really mad, but only as simulating mad ness— the view now generally entertained— the lecturer proceeded to observe that there ?was a donble tragedy in the play, the one dealing with the outward incidents, the central point of which was the command of the ghost to slay his murderer, while the other dealt with the soul of the Prince, the central point of which inner tragedy was, he thought, to be found in the 'o'er- hasty marriage' of the Prince's mother with his uncle, who was not to be com pared to the Royal Dane. Each of these tragedies had its initial movement, its crisis, and its independent development, the two being concurrent but not coincident. The crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the roan was antecedent to the tragedy of Hamlet the Bong. The lecturer pointed out: that Hamlet's so-called irresolution was caused by his desire to prove his uncle's guilt before ful filling his father's behests. On the motion of Bishop Kennion a vote of thanks was awarded to the lecturer, a similar vote ben? awarded to the Chairman on the motion of Professor Boulger. THE SEWAGE FARM OUTLET AT TORRENS ISLAND. — The Mayor and the Councillors of Port Adelaide, accompanied by the Town Clerk and Surveyor, went for a trip to Torrens Island on Thursday morning, the object being to inspect as a Board of Health the sewage outlet at the back of the island. The party embarked in the police steam launch about noon, a delay of two or three hours having been caused by the launch having to await the arrival at the Port of His Excellency, who was on a visit to the Protector. On reaching the island it was found that the state of the tide prevented the navigation of the channel leading to the outlet, and a course was at once shaped to the quarantine station. Dr. Toll was pre- vented from joining the party at the last moment, but communicated with Mr. Lewis, the Superintendent, and that gentleman met the party and showed them over the pre- mises. The rain made the shelter of the station very acceptable, and in the first-class dining saloon the visitors were entertained in a very agreeable manner, a number of toasts being proposed and responded to. About 3 o'clock a departure was made, the launch being turned round the North Arm to the back of Garden Island, but again it was found that owing to the draught of the vessel it was impossible to get up as far as the outlet. On a future occasion a small boat will be used for this purpose. The pleasure of the outing was somewhat marred by the rain. The Port was reached about 6 p.m. Port Adelaide Amateur Rowing Club. —The annual meeting of this club was held on Thursday evening, October 9, at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide. There was a fair atten dance, and Mr. J. Play fair presided. Ifr. E. J. Lamb (Hon. Sec.) reid the list of races won by the club during the past season as follows:— Champion Race and Clinker Out riggers at the Port Regatta on New Year's Day; City Grand Challenge Cap, Maiden and Senior Pairs, and the Binet Fils Cham pagne Challenge Cup at the Adelaide Regatta on May 3. The financial report submitted and adopted showed the receipts to have been £90, and the balance in hand £3 9s. 4d. Six new members were elected, and the following officers were appointed for the ensuing year:— Patron, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.; President, Mr. Justice Bundey ; Vice Presidents, Messrs. D. Bower, M.P., and W. E. Mattinson, M.P., W. Christie, H. W. Thompson, and E. Formby; Captain, Mr. E. Le Messurier; Vice-Captain, Mr. T. Turnbull ; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. R. Cruickshank ; committee, Messrs A. Douglas, T. Matson, and T. Gifford ; and Messrs. Clouston and McEachern were no minated for the position of Assistant Secretary. A special vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs. T. G. Smith and W. Fletcher for their kindness in granting the use of their boats. A vote of thanks to the retiring officers was responded to by Mr. Playfair. Some discussion ensued as to whether the club's boats should be allowed out on Sundays, several members objecting to training boats being used, bat did not think the pleasure boats should be disallowed. Eventually a motion was carried in the form of a recommendation to the committee that none of the club's boats should be used on Sunday, the line between training and pleasure pulling being hard to draw. A vote of thanks to the Chairar.n closed the meeting. PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE PROTECTOR.— We have been shown by Hammer & Co. a couple of excellent photographs of our new gunboat obtained by the instantaneous process. The light and shade effects are excellently brought out, and.a really good picture is presented. The Semaphore Wesltoax Chubch.— The first of a series of lectures to be given in aid of the Circuit Trust Funds was given in the lecture hall attached to this Church oh Wednesday night, October 8. Mr. John Millard presided, bat owing to the inclement weather there was only a moderate atten dance. The Rev. R. M. Hunter, President of the Conference, delivered his. popular lecture entitled 'The Waldenses.' Misses Shomeygave an instrumental duet, Mr. F. Dunn and Miss Shorney rendered solos, and Mrs. Derrington sang effectively 'Passing under the Rocks.*' Reynolds v. Portland Estate District Council.— Mr. T. J. King informs us that though by invitation he occupied a Beaton the Bench during the trial of this case, he took no part in the proceedings. The Full Court waa composed of Messrs. R. J. Turner, S.M., J. Neill, J.P., and R. Honey, J.P. Port Wakefield Corporation.— Am net, ing of ratepayers was held at the Rising Sun Inn, Port Wakefield, on October 7. There was only a small attendance, and in the absence of the Mayor Councillor Simmens presided. Mr. Rumble moved and Mr. Dixon seconded— 'That in the opinion of the ratepayers the operation of the Municipal Corporations Act was unsuited for the pre sent condition of the town, and the District Councils Act would better meet the require ments of the residents.' It was pointed out that the receipts for the past two years had only been £580, and that nearly half of this had been used to pay working expenses. . The existence of a Corporation was a detriment to the place. The motion was carried unani mously. It was further resolved that a memorial should be prepared, and that deputation should wait on the Government to draw their attention to the matter. Christ and His Soldiers. —Farmer's oratorio' Christ and His Soldieia' was given in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Thursday evening, October 9. The attendance was smalL The choir and several friend's connected with the Archer-Btreet Wesleyah Church by practice have become thoroughly efficient in the rendering of this oratorio, the beauty and solemnity of which were brought out in a most marked manner. The performance was under the conductorship and direction of Mr. F.J.Pash. ; Clue to Hudson's Robbery.— Mr. T. Hudson has received a letter from the police authorities at Lahore which throws additional light upon th8 robbery of his handbag, con taining notes, money, and jewels, shortly before hiB -iepartn.re from Inuia, a little over a year ago. The writer of the letter is of opinion that Mr. Hudson was mistaken in thinking that he had received a third cote for R500 from a certain merchant in Benares. The endeavours to trace the circu lation of a particular note for R100 had resulted in an important discovery. The note in question was paid on March 7, 1883, to the agent of the. Simla Bank, Amballa, as part of a sum of R4S5, by a person who is fully described, and who exchanged a draft, No. 21, of March 7, 1883, for R480 on the Oriental Bank, Bombay, payable to Mm. By a letter, dated March 5, Mr. Hudson had stated that he was acquainted with a young man who answered the description of the suspected thief. Provided that Mr. Hudson is certain that the RlOO-note, No. 30,090, was amongst those stolen from him, it appears most probable that the man who , cashed it was concerned in the theft. The police at Lahore are awaiting, instructions from Mr. Hudson, ,and that gentleman, who is just closing his season at tbe Academy of MuBic, intends to proceed to India at once by the P. & O. steamer Cathay, when he will com municate with the civil authorities. Criminal Sittings. — At the Supreme Court on Thursday, beforo Mr. Justice Bundey and Juries, John Templer, of Gawler Eiver, was charged with having murdered his son by putting him into the river during the night of August 24. Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., defended. All the witnesses described the prisoner as a moat devoted parent, and it seemed that for ten days previous to the body being found in the river the child had been ill, and as the mother had just given birth to another infant at that time the prisoner remained at home to nurse his son. The child was aalcep in bed with ite mother at 9 o'clock on the night of the 23rd, and on the following morn ing at 5 o'clock was missing. At that hoar the father returned to the house screaming, 'I've lost Willie in the river,' and after wards' said - that ' he had accidentally fallen into the water with the child. During the same day the body was found close by a log-bridge about two chains from the house. The Jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and prisoner waa rer leased. In the case of William Eissett, charged with occasioning actual bodily harm to an old woman named Marion Kelly in Halifax-street, by knocking against her while he was intoxicated, His Honor directed the Jury that there was no evidence for them to consider, and he was discharged. Henry Donoghue was found guilty of stealing 12a. from a cabman at Parkside, and was sent to gaol for Bix months with hard labour. In the caBe of Charles George Mudie, accused of embezzlement, the Crown Solicitor, after considering the evidence given on Wednes day, entered a nolle prostqui. Robert Har well pleaded guilty to larceny at Goowa, and was sent to gaol for two years. A similar sentence was passed upon Martin Symes, who admitted forging an order for £5 with intent to defraud at Saddleworth. Jere miah Kelly, Thomas Costello, and John Gratten were put on trial for burglary at Scots Creek and the case was proceeding when the : Court adjburadd. The following is a list of other cases Get dofea for trial to-day :— James Grant, forgery at Adelaide ; Frederick Hosgood, criminally assaulting a girl at Port Adelaide ; William Tom, larceny at Mount Barker; Michael Cusack, larceny at Adelaide ; James Patrick O'Mahoney, indecentaasaults at Port Lincoln; George John Jolly, indecent assault at Waterloo Plains; Peter Bourke, lirceny at Adelaide. Concert at the Convalesc^m Home.— Tnrough the rTJsUamentalily of Mk3 Bradley, a lady who has frequently exerted herself for the bereat and amusement of the patients of this Home, a concert was given at the institution on Wednesday evening, by a party of lady and gentlemen amateurs xrom Adelaide. There was a good attendance, the entertainment being open to tbe general public as well as the patients. Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.P., presided, and suggested that entertainments of such a character, having for their object the support of the Home and the welfare of its inmates, might be carried out on an extended scale. The different performers acquitted themselves with marked ' ability, applause being very frequent. , \ Association of District Chairmen.— At the conclusion of the deputation of Chairmen of District Councils, which recently waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands with regard to tbe abolition of grint3-in-aid, a number of Chairmen assembled with a view to resuscitating the old Association, and it was resolved that the following gentlemen ba eppoicted as a committee to consider the subject :— Me3srs. J. L. ifiveash, John Thorp, J, K. Charleston, J Jame3 Holmes, W. Mar chant, and Williams. This committee met on Thursday, October 9; at tbe While Horse Hotel, Currie-street. Mr. J. L. Fiveash was appointed President pro tern. The Sec retary, Mr. Kemp Penney, submitted the fol lowing programme, which was unanimously adopted :— That the old Association of Dis trict Chairmen having collapsed, it is desir able to organize a new Association, which shall meet on the third Thursday in Jaauavy, March, Jnlyv avd September, to discuss any matters appertaining to the wellbein^ of the Yarious districts. The President to '.ictruct tbe Secretary to convene a meeting by cir cular stating the object for which such ir.ee'; ing was oiled. That prior to any quarte;lv meeting any subscribing Council may forward to the Secretary a notice of any subject they w?sh to be dkcucsed ; and that an Executive Council of eight members, with the Secretary, be appointed to govern the A'^.ociation, con tisting of the Preaideit, two Vice- Presideits, Treasurer, and four Cha;rmen. Licensed Victuallers' Association.^? The annexed report has been supplied to us :— The monthly meeting of the above Association was held on Wednesday afte- noon, October 8, at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, the President, Mr. E. Markey, in the chair. Two new members proposed at tbe l;.st meeting were admitted, and two were proponed for membership. Mr. j. Niehuus, of Kapunda, wrote, calling attention to. the inequality of the licensing fees as affecting country hotels, and urging the Association to ecek to get an amendment of- the Act in this direction. Another country member also wrote on the same subject. The' President, said that as the Government had decided not to touch the Licensed Vic tuallers Act this session, it would be im possible to get the required amendment intro duced into the Legislature, but he 'was quite, satisfied that some sort of classification of hotels- would come, and the licence fee woald be fixed accordingly. Nothing coald be done in tbe matter at present The Secretary re ported that he had sent a communication to all the kindred Associations in the other colonies, inviting correspondence ou matters concerning the interests of the trade. The President referred to thematterof concert-hall licences, which had been under the considera tion of the committee for some months past, and stated that on account of the Mayo/ being disinclined to grant any licences as provided for in the Act, the Association had made a test case of Mr. Goldsmith's (lessee of the Stag Hotel) and after protracted delay tbe Mayor had that day granted the licence. The local-option poll, in the DisLrlci of Payneham, was brought forward, and after discussion a course of action agreed upon. It was resolved to have a card, similar to; that adopted by the Victorian Licensed Vic tuallers' AsEoofation.settingforththepenaltiei for disturbing the peace and order of Bn hotel, printed and'ciroulated in this colony. Mr. Bailey enquired whether the Associa tion intended to give its support to the Licensed Victuallers' protection circular re cently issued. The President said the Asso ciation as a body wished to 'disclaim all con rcction with the circular, and personally he did not consider it of any practical benefit to the trade. The routine business having been disposed of, the meeting closed. Eahlt Wheat.— A sample of bearded wheat has been forwarded to us by pur Port Pirie correspondent, which he ob tained on Monday from Mr. Thomas Gambrell's farm in the Hnndred , of Pirie. The grain, which is almort ripe, U firm and plump, although the ears are short. A gentleman who has just come through the district assures us that in soveral places the fields are beginning to put on a harvest bue. With such favourable weather as we ere now enjoying, the ground at this particu l»r j??^™ tekg ^9 Well charged with moisture, there Seems eVefy prospect Gx ihe sanguine anticipations which are bo freely indulged in with regard to the coming harvest being realized. The sample maybe seen at our office. : The Trial of Twine-Binders and Hay Haevestino Machinery.— In consequence of two or three of the Judges in the forth coming trial of twine-binders and self-deli- - very sweep-rake reapers having previously accepted appointments at country Shows oi October 16, it has been decided to alter the date for the trial, probably to the next day, and a meeting of the Committee of the Royal Agricultural Society has been called to de cide the matter. . '? ' Damage through Floods,— On Thurs day morning Messrs. Ward and Copley, M.P.'s, presented a memorial to the Commissioner of Pablic Works from resi dents of Port Germein. respecting heavy damage done to the crossing between the township and Poet-Office by recent floods, and asked that the crossing might be ' re paired. , The Commissioner promised to \ get a report on the matter. : Mount Lofty Railway Station.— The people surrounding Mount Lofty Railway Station feel that they are suffering a great hardship in connection with Avenue-road. This is a piece of road about thirty chains in length, having its terminus at the Mount Lofty Railway Station on the south and at the main road Stirling West on the north. After a great many minor applications an influential deputation waited upon the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, the then Commissioner of Public Works, and asked that not less than £700 should be granted to enable the Stilling District Council to make the road before the winter. The Commissioner promised, a sum of £100 for temporary repairs, and stated that he would obtain a report upon the cost of the more important work. This report was obtained from the Engineer in Chief. Another report had previously been obtained from Mr. Hargrove, the Surveyor to the Central District Road Board. Both of these reports, we are informed, estimated the cost of the work at considerably above that proposed by the District Council. A change of Ministry having taken place the new Commissioner was applied to, and sgave his decision that he would place the road upon the schedule of the new Main Roads Bill, and get it passed at speedily as possible. The new Road Bill, including this road, was passed, and a large deputation waited upon the Road Board to point out the urgency of the work, and en- deavour to ensure its execution at the earliest opportunity. The Board promised that this should be done, and in pursuance of that intention visited Avenue-road on Sep tember 30. Their surveyor (Mr. Hargrave) produced his plans, showing that by making a cutting in the top of the hill and filling tip the bottom a gradient could be secured of 1 in 15. It was suggested that Avenue-road being only fifty feet wide a difficulty would arise in the Board taking it over, because the Road Board Act specifies that all "new main roads" shall be at least 1 chain 66 feet wide. Inconsequence of this the Chairman of the Board suggested that an application should be made to the Commissioner of Public Works to authorize the expenditure (estimated at £990), and that an equal sum might be deducted from the amount granted to the Board in due course for construction purposes. The Council have been unable to obtain the £100 for repair, because that has been handed to the Road Board, and the road is rapidly getting into a dangerous state. It maybe mentioned that this is the only road by which the traffic from Waverley, Crafers, Mount Lofty, and Stirling West can reach the rail way station, besides being the outlet for a number of market gardeners, woodcutters, and charcoal-burners. It is in the opinion of many persons very doubtful whether the requirement of 66 feet in width is really applicable to this road. The words of the clause are " new main " roads shall be 66 feet wide. This, according to the schedule, does not appear as a new main road. If this difficulty does occur it can probably be got over in the manner suggested by Mr. R. Smith, the Chairman of the Road Board. Literary Societies' Union Parliamet.— At the usual meeting of this Society, held ri the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday night, Mr. Fi Johnson (representing the Public WorkB Department) introduced Bills providing for the construction of railways from Ter'owie to the Barrier, and from Hergott Springs to the Queensland Border, near Birdsvllle, and proposals for the alteration of the gauge fiom Adelaide to Terowie, and from Morgan to .Adelaide, so as to make all the northern lines upon the narrow gauge; for greater facilities in the sale of railway tickets; and for better accommodation at the Adelaide Railway Station, Conference of Sunday-school Superin tendents.— On Thursday evening, October 9, a Conference of Sunday- school Superin tendents was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall in response to the invitation of the Hon. Dr. Cpmpbell (Freddent of the Sundpy-sohool Union). Mr. Bussell's prize essay on 'The Sunday-school Superintendent: bis qualifica tions and duties' was read and discussed, after which an adjournment was made to another room, where refreshments were pro vided and some formal business disptwed of. A Story of Arctic Adventure.— A cor respondent sends us (writes the Pall Mall Budget) the following narrative of the priva tions suffered by aScotch whaler :— 'Nowthat so much discussion has been raised on the subject of the alleged cannibalism in the Greely expedition, some interest may be felt in another dreadful story of privation and danger, where a similar temptation was heroically resisted, as told by James Mclntosh, sole survivor from one of the boats of the whaler Chieftain. On May 26 laBt the Chieftain sent out four boats in chase of a whale, two of whioh, one -commanded by Alexander Bain, the harpooner, lost the ship, and failing to find her, shaped their course for Iceland. Some days later two of Bain's crew died, and Mclntosh then came into Bain's boat from the other to act as steers man. Theonlyotheroccupantsoftheboatthen were Bain and a seaman, named McGregor. On the following day Bain thought he saw land, and they altered their course to steer to it, but found it to be only the reflection of a cloud. By so doing they lost their consort, which did not follow them. Next day McGregor died, and his body was committed to the deep. The same evening a storm arose which lasted three days, during all of which time Mclntosh remained at his post aa.Bteeraman, while Bain lay helpless and despairing in the bom At last the storm abated, and the undaunted Bteersman ad dressed some cheering words to his comrade, bat without rousing him from his lethargy, which continued so long that Mclntosh at last grew anxious, and though hardly able to move, his legs being benumbed with cold, managed to crawl along on his hands and knees to the bow of the boat, and found Bain quite dead. A terrible sense of utter, loneli ness came over him, mingled with fear that in his desperate condition (he had not tasted food of any kind for several days). he might yield to the temptation of supporting him self on the awful means of nourishment within his reach. Determined to avoid this danger at all events, he, with a great effort, weak as he was, succeeded in heaving his dead comrade's body overboard. On the fourteenth day he perceived a small schooner, and made a desperate effort to wave bis cap to attract attention. He was seen and picked up by the ship, but it was found necessary to amputate both his legs, mortifi cation having set in. He finally arrived at Dundee on Friday week. This gallant fellow, who is married and has one child, is now in a perfectly destitute condition, as the loss of his legB precludes his returning to his former seafaring occupation, and he has never learned any other trade.' Millions of Eggs.— Three factories in the United States consume nearly two million eggs a year in making the peculiar kind of paper used by photographers known as albumen paper. ' .' - Medical Consumption.— A correspondent informs an English paper that at a recent banquet given to the local medical men by the Copenhagen Municipality, between 3,000 and 4,000 bottles of wine were emptied by 1,200 people, Univebsity Lecture.— Professor Boulger will continue his lecture on -cMoliere' this afternoon. '. ' : South Australian Alliance.— The first general meeting will take place this evening in the Rechabite Hall, Grote-street. ' Valedictory.— A meeting will be held this evening in Stow Chursh to say farewell to Miss Blisa, of the London Missionary Society, who is about to return ! to Madagascar. -.-? . ' , - ! ?' St. Peter's Old Collegians' Association. —The annual dinner of this Association is to take place at the College this evening. Bishop Kennion will preside, and the vice-chair will be filled by the Hon. C. Mann, Q.C. Children's Hospital Lecture. — The first of a series of lectures to be given to the nursing staff of this institution will be de livered by Dr. Verco this afternoon. The subject is 'Vaccination.'- -I Operative Bootmakers' Union. — A meeting of members of this Union will be held in the Labour League Hall this evening to consider the wages question. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office daring the week ended Saturday, October 4, 1884, were:— Births- 97 males, 77 females: deaths— 37 males, 27 females; total— 174 births, 64 deaths. Excess of births, 110\. The District of Adelaide.— Births— 29 males, 29 females; deaths— 18 males, 10 females ; total— 58 births, 28 deaths. Excess of births, 30. Brighton Wes^eyak Sunday-school.— The annual picnic in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Brighton, was held on Wednesday, October 8, in Mr. Chalk's paddock, South-road. Notwithstanding the stormy aspect of the weather about. 300 of the scholars and friends were conveyed to the ground, which is beautifully situated, and entered most heartily into » variety of games, and a most enjoyable day was spent. £2T You can be nappy if yon will stop all your doctoring yotnself and families ?with expensive doc tors or cnre-aUs that do only harm, and use Natare'i simple remedies for all your ailments, you willbe well and happyand save great expense. Thegreatest remedy for thui, the great, triw, and good wiyten yon, is Hop Bitters. See 280firo4 IS- We understand that Hay & Compy., of King William-street, are the cheapest Drapers in Ade laide, quality considered. 284fc 