LADIES' COLUMN. FEMININE FASHIONS AND FANCIES. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London. October 17, 1884. I imagine many of my readers have read the story of the obsequious chaplain who, preaching before his sovereign, studiously avoided all mention of the word death, not presuming to suggest even that His Majesty was mortal. I think more persons object to the lugubrious thoughts which are associated with death, but as I am about to say a few words on fashionable mourning and relative matter, I must inevitably refer to the solemn cause which, by custom, necessitates outward manifestation of grief as ex- pressed by clothes; at the same time I protest against that excessive ostentation of affliction, which some women display by the depth of their weeds and the width of their weepers also. It is of widow's mourning that I now speak, and I cannot but sympathise with the aims of the "Funeral and Mourning Reform Society," estab- lished some while ago, which objects to the excessive use of crape and osten- tatious display in funeral ceremonial, on the grounds that the dismal paraphernalia of death adds needless horror and gloom to the idea of dissolution, and is often the means of conveying unnecessarily pairful impressions of fear and horror to the minds of the young and the ignorant; not to take into general acoount the useless expenditure on funerals and mourning re- quired by custom, which is no advantage to the dead, and can often be ill afforded by the living. Whether regarded from a social or religious point of view, there is no question that our recognised ceremonial in connec- tion with bereavement is greatly in need of reform. Some day I will give my readers a summary of the views and schemes which the Funeral and Mourning Reform Association has set itself to promote. To- day I have to deal with the question of fashionable monrning, but before entering on that topic I must ask permission to inter- polate some apposite verses which once, when attending a meeting of the society at the Duke of Westminster's house in Park-lane, I took from the president's table. These sarcastic lines are entitled THE MOURNER A LA MODE. "I saw her last night at a party, That elegant party at Meads, And looking uncommonly hearty, For a widow so young in her weeds; Yet 1 know she was suffering sorrow, Too deep for the tongue to express, Or why had she chosen to borrow So much from the lauguage of dress? Her shawl was as sable as night, Her gloves were as dark as her shawl, And her jewels which flashed in the light Were black as a funeral pall; Her robe had the hue of the rest. How nicely it fitted her shape, And the grief that was heaving her breast Boiled over in billows of crape. What tears of vicarious woe, That else might have sullied her face, Were kindly permitted to flow In ripples of ebony lace. While even her face in its play Had quite a lugubrious scope, For it seemed to be waving away The ghost of the Angel of Hope. Yet rich as the robes of a Queen Was the sombre apparel she wore, I'm certain I never had seen Such sumptuous sorrow before; And I could not help thinking the beauty, In mourning the loved and the lost, Was doing her conjugal duty Altogether regardless of cost. One surely would say such devotion Performed at so vast an expense, Betrayed an excess of emotion That really was something immense; And yet as I viewed at my leisure, These tokens of tender regard, I thought it is scarce without measure That sorrow goes by the yard. Ah, grief is a curious passion, And yours I am sorely afraid; The very next phrase of the fashion Will find it beginning to fade. Though dark are the shadows of grief The morning will follow the night, Half tints will betoken relief, Till joy be symballed by white. Ah, well, it were idle to quarrel With fashion or ought she may do, And so I conclude with a moral And metaphor, warranted new; When measles come handsomely out The patient is safest they say; And the sorrow is mildest, no doubt, That works in a similar way." A widow's dress was originally intended to be the symbol of overwhelming sorrow and regret, and there is no doubt that its adoption has many a time procured for the wearer con- sideration and kindness that might not have been forthcoming had not such symbol of terrible bereavement been manifest. Every one respects the garb, and, like the robe that distinguishes and protects the "Sisters of Mercy" in unwonted places and in the fullfilment of unwonted duties, so does a widow's dress enable her with pro- priety to discharge the unwanted duties which her situation has forced upon her. But alas, that so many women, light and frivolous, profane the sacred garb and make it a cloak for a flippancy of conduct that dis- gusts and repels, and gives occasion for the jeers of the censorious. In the name of common sense, let a woman drop her widow's dress or comport herself decently therein. In many places of fashionable resort in this country it is too much the custom for young widows to try to attract notice by the affluence of their crape, and the width of their weepers; actually trading on their melancholy situation. No wonder those who detest shams broke out into the verses I have transcribed. The long veil of crape is rarely worn over the face nowadays, but is fastened quite at the back of the bonnet, and a short mask veil of thin gauze partially conceals the features, but in no way impedes free respira- tion as did the crape veil worn in former fashion. It is customary above the crape strings to tie a second pair of white ribbon ones, these being about two and a half inches in width. The orthodox white muslin collar and cuffs are if possible wider than ever, but the shape of the former is altered to render it more becoming. There is certainly no reason why a widow's mourning should not be made in becoming fashion, nor would I desire to see a return to that severe style which re- stricted the mourner to bombazine made in the ugliest fashion, and summer or not, in- sisted on the use of black woollen gloves, the more ill-fitting the better. Affectations are at all times contemptible, but mockeries of any kind are singularly revolting in con- nection with that most solemn of all realities, death. The revolutions which time produces are often most startling, and fashion is no less capricious in her own peculiar domain. I have been asked hundreds of times for some recipe to get rid of freckles, and now I hear they are, instead of a disfigurement, to be reckoned a charm, and I have received a recipe for producing them artificially. I ex- pect my readers in the tropics will need no other operator than the sun. In less favored regions and during the winter ladies ambitious of freckles are said to resort to paint for their production, but alas, they are only warranted to last three days, and it is to be feared at the expense of cleanliness. A certain sand is also advertised as a freckle agent, but the prospect of being sand-scrubbed is by no means an alluring one. Still it is astonishing what senseless devices women will resort to on ocoasions, and even cruel suffering does not deter them from fol- lowing any vagary of fashion which can only be complied with through suffering. For example, I have been reading that American women who dote on dimples just now, seek surgical aid to produce them. The process is thus described. The situation of the dimple having been chosen a small glass tube is placed over the spot, the air is then sucked out of the tube, and the small protuberance raised is tied round with a silk thread, and then snipped off with a sharp pair of scissors, a small silver cone is now inserted in the wound, which is attended to daily: in the course of a few days it heals over, and the artificial charm or indentation is produced. We want another fierce John Knox to inveigh against the category of human vanities, which seem to grow more silly and astounding every day. Yet spite of all professed specifics for supplementary physical defects and per- petuating life and loveliness, age, decay, and deformity exist still, and give the lie to the charlatans who profess themselves to be opposed to and triumphant over nature. The processes of adornment used by women of all ages are not to be unequivocally con- demned, for the influence of loveliness no one can truthfully deny. It is a letter of re- commendation to its possessor, equal to, if not more potent than a certificate of merit of the highest order. It brings health and honor, and power, if rightly used; small blame to our sex then when we strive to wring from a reluctant mother some share of her coveted gift. Some of the unguents used by our remote female ancestors were as nauseous in their construc- tion as they must have been valueless as im- provers. Many of their washes, however, were more simple and safe. There are certain beauty specifics purchased at fabulous prices by the women of the present age. Most such preparations contain dele- terious ingredients, that cannot fail finally to produce the most disastrous effects—bismuth, zinc, lead, chalk, &c.;, are all used in the manufacture of face powders. Lotions and enamels, largely used in this era, contain severally such ingredients as cor- rosive sublimate, bismuth, carbonate of lead, and corresponding agents. "Milk of roses," which is a celebrated and favorite cosmetic, is compounded of corrosive sublimate, rose water, and oil of almonds. "Laird's bloom of youth," contains oxide of zinc, and calcium. "Snow white Oriental cream" contains carbonate of lead. The at- tractive titles under which cosmetics are sold serve to conceal the character of the dan- gerous ingredients, which are the staple of their contents. Small black patches are worn by some women; the very best court plaster is used, and the small dark disc is fixed just where there is some charm to in- dicate, or otherwise in a situation where the patch seems to enhance the graces of the countenance generally. One, sometimes two, patches are worn; it is a question of taste merely, no rule being set down by the advo- cates of this silly, but time-honored caprice. Fastidious folk are having their monograms in spindle-shaped, vivid red letters, stamped on grey notepaper. The effect is pleasing to the eye. The sheet is oblong, but the length is from left to right, the paper being not more than eight inches from top to bottom of page. Envelopes to match are sold in conjunction, red sealingwax and motto seals being fashionable requisites. To while away a dull half hour, whether alone or in company, have my readers ever tried how many separate words they can produce from the letters forming the word "Parliament?" I have succeeded in coining a hundred, and I believe the potentialities are by no means ex- hausted. I cannot vouch for the truth of a statement I have been reading that the eccentric Americans have just produced a peculiar form of cheap garment. It is a shirt front, consisting of seven layers arranged after the blotting-pad system. Each day the uppermost layer is removed, and a clean new surface presents itself. It is suggested that a sensational word should be printed at the back of each sheet, which shall so stimulate the curiosity, that to gratify it the wearer will be tempted to peel off the successive layers immediately, in order to reach the denouement of the tantalising plot. 