"TOM TOUCHSTONE" AND THE ARMY. SALVATION TO THE EDITOR OF TBE COURIER. SIR,—In reference to the above, I crave permission to reply to the outregeons^insinuations put forth by your contributor in your Saturday'., suplement; .and In doing so permit me to state, that £ad Major Barker consecrated tbe building to " Tbe Trinity and General Booth," as Mr "Touchstone's" article implies, there would have been as much fuss and as many expostulations, as there would be were the Catholic or Anglican bishop to consccrate a building to the Popeor Queen arid, the Trinity. Tom Russell is not a novice in reporting, and he reports the "insinuated blasphemy 1 ' as follows:—"Inthe name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the Rev "\V. Booth, I declare this building to be opened for jibe salvation of men and women." Tbe great Bnd noble work that Major Barter has been the means of doing amongst the fallen by means ofthe Prison Gate Brigade and Fallen Women's Home, in Melbourne, Maryborough, and elsewhere, should entitle him to b-tter treatment than he has yet received from Mr T even, i wish also to Inform him that tbe Salvation Army mission purports to be to the highest of tbe high, as well as to the lowest of the low. It alms" at preaching ihe Gospejof Jesus Christ to every unconverted man and woman in the world. The motto of eveiy soldier is. " The world for Christ"" I wonld advise Mr T. to read "The History of the Salvation Army from its formation as an Army;" and if be does, he .will write in a different strain afterwards, if his heart be In the right place for feeling for fallen humanity: I attribute his uncomplimentary Inslrinations ot giddiness and thoughtlessness to.the female soldiem of the army to bis ignorance.of their real motives.; It he bad as much comlderation;for his own eternal welfare, and that of others', as tbey have, be would Boon be found on his knees,-plead Dg fori his own salvation, and then, if be prevailed,' he would find it his principal business in this life to pray for someone else His reference to the-entrance of Jesus into Jerusalem shows « want of teste, to say the most ,of it, because if be takes that as bis standard as to tbe manner in which heads of religious bodies are to be received, then he might extend his criticisms a little further than the army. But. putting that question aside, when 1 remember the injunctions of Ithe Lord Jesus, to go and preach the Gospel to every creature—to go out into'the highways and hedges, and compel them to come'in, : without any specified Directions as to how to preach it to the people, and when I saw thousarids'bf people drawn together to hear the • leased .gospefel did -not think it inapproprlate, even thoughL^fafchowe.Fpnveyanoe wi& a brass band, and big^rnm following it were,Hie harmless means of coercing tbem to hear it. Again, he cannot for -the soul-bf^ him. see what gooScan eome of the. SalvaUon Urmy's labors in Ballarat. Well, that fa not to be wondered &V; seeing .that the scribes of old could aolL see what good could cpme ofthe labors ofJesra^hiAself ,-infiis own conntry. Bat It is marvellous ft th'A Minyto of than "T T^makej^utiAafthe 'erence should' pdblicly J «xpress. its warm sympathies with .«;Ahst msffl&m;«j h.th Houses of Parliament. and jminSiera of jQrnoat all denominations, sbould-deign; to: speak, in its favor from its platforms; and.thjtf -tb'e;Government, with a eriHcal opposiHon;And-tt.tso« jritical^press <m all sides of if, .ahonld tstf'-far"-fajbr. it as to grant it the use of-the,detective, .offices, free ot rent a concession' pmpnntirig^to .a considerable sum of ay. TUen^ 'and ".lastly, (as I am afraid I trespassing, pn . your . .valuable space).: his (OIL td-tbp Bine Blbbon mission is a very bad \- l thous'tna.times greater discredit on thefcbufcb.es than-on the army . The armv can point.-to more, real standing caws of conversion during tbejast six months than all the other Protestont denominations puttogetherln Eajlarat. Yet 1 ^1"? Rave him credit for being better informed., I won'd advise him and sM„ your resder3_to^Tead the_Vjr.torian Salvation War, and the-BngHsh .Salvation JTar, from which they »ill get .Wme Aoowledge as -to what theS.A. ^ f e ^ f p W ^ ^ ^ ^ a c b i n g on OSORGB KTKE: 