REMINISCENCES OF A SEA VOYAGE. (By A.M.O.G.) If I were gifted like most individuals with the power of imagination, I could picture a nice scene from where we lay off the boat harbour, at Wallaroo ; hut as I do not possess these qualities, I cannot attempt an artistic description. This is saying a good deal for a town which has almost been " the home of my childhood and my birth." I had grown with the place, and the old established edifices were reared with me. The little church which we were hauled to Sabbath after Sabbath is now a stately building, and the wooden schoolhouse in which our master delighted to use the rod has been superseded by an enormons structure of stone. I was somewhat delighted to gaze once again upon the scene which opened around me. Dawn was just breaking, and the inhabitants were awaking from their slumbers. Our yacht lay almoBt motionless on the water. Several fine large vessels of Simpson's line were around us, and one or two oosan-going boats were making ready for clearing. Point Riley was just discernible in the distance, and the land on the other side was beginning to mark the outline of the Western coast. The Smelting Works close by was in active operation, but the sight was not so grand an one as we saw on entering the bay on the previous night. A few persons were on the jetty fishing, and fishermen were arriving with their cargoes of fish. I was anxious to land, but had to con form to the rules of our ship, and these I scarcely; knew, more than that I was not al lowed to take the dingey off by myself. The sailors were asleep, and so was the Admiral. I was determined, after the dressing down I received at Moonta for giving to one the pre ference of a call, that sleep they should, and might be yet sleeping before I should wake them by a call. They taxed my patience to such an extent that I had to do something so jumped about on the hitches just over1 their bunks until I heard a long low wail of .dis: connected sentences which told me it was time to get iu the dingey and push off, but before I had time the Admiral appeared on deck like an immense ghost, pursued by the lawyer. "Now," I said, "are you satisfied now, as it's not etiquette to call one first, I thought I'd wakeyou together, " and I crawled down the forecastle. The end was attained I went to my legal friend's cabin, and we had a talk how we should put in the day. He said he was going to propose asking the Cap tain to stay two or three days, but I had al most settled that by making a row on deck. We heard the Admiral about, the sailors were moving, the decks were being washed, and there was a general disturbance amongst the chains on deck. Coffee was served round, and we were allowed to take the dingey ashore with the Admiral, who was going inland to see the country. We were not. I said to the Admiral that as we were all off for the day the men might go ashore, as it bid fair to be a stinging warm time, but he emphatically said no. "Then " I said "the men are fools it they don't ;" but he would have it. " When are yon coming back, Admiral," asked the lawyer?" "To-night late" was tha reply, " and we'll sail at once." "Tben you'll go yourself" was, the response, "and for two pins I'd turn the dingey over now. This is the second and last trip I'll ever go. You get your ugly back up at anything." The lawyer was getting wild. He is a good smimmer, and I knew would see me safe, but the Admiral to the bottom would go. I asked him to land me before he turned it over, the Admiral sat motionless, and I felt the boat tremble with his own fear. However, safely the jetty steps we reached. The skipper went off and my legal friend and I returned to the yacht, rigged ourselves out in our best attire and put off again for our pleasure. The elections was exciting some amount of attention, and here, as at Moonta, I found the same feeling existing. It was Bews and Furner, Madge and Furner, Grainger and Bews, and Grain ger, and Furner, but scarcely a word for Haselgrove, although he was really a more local candidate than either or any . of the names mentioned. Some said he would head the list at the bottom, and I replied that I hoped not, as he had headed that list before. However, the people were in an excited mood. We went through the Hospital, a fine build ing on the Esplanade, visited the principal public places. The Institute has no pretension to beauty, but it is a plain substantial build ing, fitted with every convenience for any kind of travelling troupe. Its acoustio pro perties are splendid. There are reading and library rooms attached, ai d also the keepers' residence. The town is nicely laid out on the two slopes of the hills, with the railway run ning through. The Times office is a mag nificent building with ante-rooms and a large printing room nicely lighted by means of sky-lights. Close by is the Presbyterian Church, a fine building, but the stucco work in front is tinged with a green hue from the stacks of the Smelting Works, as are almost all the roofs of the houses in the town. Just a run round was all the time we could spare. Kadina, a large town is distant from Wallaroo six miles, where are located some thousands of inhabitants; The town proper is a well laid out place, there being a large number of very pretentious buildings, con spicuous amongst these are the Bauks, Stores and Hotels. The telegraph-office, court house, and police station form one block of buildings. The streets are nice and clean. Most of the private residences have their' little gardens. The great Wallaroo Mine is situate about a mile from the township, on which are located some thousands of people. At this place the principal building besides the mine properties are the Churches — im mense edifices which seat from 1,000 to 2,000 people. The worshippers are great people for music. He would be a poor Cornishman in deed who was not in possession of some musi cal instrument. The choir at Church com pose quite a large brass band. The greatest objection I have to tem as vocalists is that there is nothing soft in their execution. They play as loud as it is possible to do, and yell as much as their lungs will permit ; yet they are gifted people. The houses in which they live are very little larger than ordinary fowl houses, but quite a little palace inside, and when you seo the Iqdies cqiqe out of these places with their silks and satins and jew ellery, you would say a miner's lot is not a bad one after all. We went down the deep level in a cajje, and were glad to get back agqin tq terra Jirma. The miners appear jolly below, they go down at 7 a.m. and come to surface at 3, when another shift go down, so that they are not killed with work ; in fact it struck me that they had remarkable easy times. The development of our mineral re sources in something wonderful. It has been the means of attracting a large population to the colony, and has afforded employment to many thousands. England has derived her share of the benefit resulting from the mineral interest of South Australia, fnr tens of thousands of pounds worth of machinery and material of various kinds have been im ported from her manufactories. ' Our imports of most articles of consumption have also been greatly increased by tho opening up of our mineral lands and the development of our mines. It is quite fair on our part to claim at least one-third of the present pros perity of the colony as owing to our mineral productions. I am aware that iu point of value the exports of cereals and breadstuff's, or wool, surpass those of minerals ; bnt nevertheless, the mines have more than once saved the colony from impending ruin, and have attracted a population to our shores which would not have been brought here by the inducements offered by agriculture, or pastoral pursuits alone. (To be continued.) 