Published Ecery Friday. FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1884. Or'ninmentale tiee-planting -in Main-street, Lilydale, was com menced yesterday. Mr. G. T. Taylor, an old resident of Christmas Hills, died rather suddenly on Wed nesday last. The ordinary monthly meet ing of the Whittlesea Shire Council will be held on Mon day next, 14th inst. Crowded Out.-" Notes from Lilydale," a local from Whittle sea, and other 'matter. Will appear next issue. 140z. 3dwts. from 37 tons was the result of fortnight's crushing cleaned up on 'Satur day last, from the Bacchante, Panton Hill. At the Eltham Shire Coun cil held on Monday last Coun cillor Beale stated that rabbits were multiplying in alarming numbers at Kinglake. It is with deep regret we announce the death of the second eldest daughter of Mr. James Ryan, an old and re spected resident of Yan Yean. The first of a series of silver readings will be held in the Mechanics' Institute, Queens town, on Friday evening next, x8th inst. Last week a hut at Kinglake, wherein three miners who worked in the Band of Hope, resided, was burnt to the ground and everything therein, when they were absent. Yesterday (Thursday) Ser geant Major Darling (of 15th Hussars), Major Fellowes, D.A.A.G., Surgeon Ryan (of Plevna), and Captain Cooke Collis (Indian Officer), visited Lilydale, in company with E. H. Cameron, Esq., M.L.A., and examined, at Lithgow's Hotel, passed, and enrolled eighteen recruits for the cavalry corps, and obtained numerous promises of intending joilers, and the enrollment of the re quired number will, doubtless, be effected in a very short space of time. With regard to the alleged rapid spreading of small-pox at different places in the colony, it is stated that at Buston, 7 miles from Marysville, on the Wood's Point road, a man named Fehan, or Phelan, has been found, who is very badly afflicted with this dangerous disease. His entire body is covered with eruptions, and he is in a critical state, not having been' attended to or seen by any medical man. This is a case requiring prompt attention by the Board of Health.-Age The Illustrated Australian News for Wednesday, 9th July, contains, in addition to the usual sheet, two supplements. The first a finely executed coloured illustration, entitled "Nancy, Sir ;" the second be ing a double page engraving of "The Victorian Navy." The ordinary sheet comprises the following engravings :-" The wreck of the George Roper Divers recovering cargo;" "Christchurch, N,Z,, from the Cathedral ;" " Annual Fire Brigades' Demonstration ; " " Henderson's Creek, Auck. land, N.Z. ;" " Sketches on the Coast ;" " Wilson's Promon. to:ry ;" " Scenes on the Crow River, West Coast, N.Z,;" " DIrawing Retorts at the Gas Wo'ks ;" " On the Martin's -3ay ''Track, Lake Wakatipu," It is not generally known, says a London paper, that the oldest daughter of the present Lond Lytton has taken the family pol, and although only about fourteen or fifteen years of ago has al ready printed ad pubIlished for private oirculation one of the most blood-curd ling ghost stories that has seen the light for many a long day. We heard on good autlhority that Messrs. Long mal woutld liarsve published it in their magazinl had it not been that it was rather longer than their spiace woull al low of ; but the ides of curtailing the story wasindiganitly repoudiated, so it has boon placed in the halnds if ia few privilegedl friends exactly as the jiveiilo authoress wrote it down. She inherits a vast store of talent from both sides of the houe and we shall look forward to her public appearance in the ranks of our authoressos with a great amount of curiosity. The suicidal impulso often avails it self of queer unexpected ways and means. But surely thier never was an odder mothoil of self-destruction ilit upoin than lately chosen by a Nevada mn?ul. li wore it wooden leg, and, having to work on the ioy roof of his house, had shllrlt- ned the log to a point 'to pri"oiit hitaslippinu. Going, to bed with his leg still on, ho found to his terror oi atwaenling in the lmorning, thnat the sharp pint had piercedl and killed his littl.e chill, who slept with him. Thoreupo., in n lit of remorse, lie impaled himsnelf on the otlbuding limb and so died. MI. Pasteur and his collaborators have announced to the French Academy of Sciences the fitot that Iy inoculation they can render all dogs absolutely proof against the effects of rabies, in whatever way or quantity the virus may be administered. In view of Goitral Gordon's recent, peculiar theologieat work, the following concerning Iihi from 2rutlt will be of interest :-Ou his way to thie Cape Gor don landed at the Seycheolles Islands. There is a curious grove of plahs there, which grow in pairs, side by side. If one is cut down, the other dies. Gor don at once indited al ollicial despatch to say that lie had discovered the original Gtrden of Eden, and tihat trees of good and evil were still flourishing in it. The throne of England, so sploadid whoen covered with silk vlvesl and gohl, is, in fiact, only lan "old oak chair," used over 800 years for the i,nmne pur pose. Its existoece has been traced back to the days of Edward. The wood is very hald and solid. The back and sides were formerly in various colors, and thie seat is imadel of a rough looking sanldstone twenty-six inches in length, seventeen il breadth, and nineteen and a half' in thickness, anid in this stono lies the great pocutliarity of the chair. NIum berless legends are. told in connection with it, the truth probably tting that it was originally tttaken from Ireland to Scotlandl, and serve I at the coronation of the early Scottishi Kings. 