NEEDLES "Short, sharp, shiny." A light seance. Christmas carols. What is spiritualism? Very like an advertisement. The two tailors of — street. Mr. Reimers on mountebanks. Beach and Clifford's match off. The explanation after the holidays. Regular ghost stories for Christmas. Only a small attendance at the oval. Another suspicious fire extinguished. Every Civil servant his own plumber. Nearly time to mix the plum pudding. Lord Sandhurst for New South Wales. On which side does public sympathy lie? Getting ready for the market—Ducks and geese. Who were those members of the Y.M.C.A. board? Signor Hüg ought to make a good mind reader. The English cricketers playing at Mary- borough. Good news from the Northern Territory goldfields. "Topsy" takes a benefit at the Academy to-morrow. Bridges for Silverton railway to be made in the colony. Not coming out of the affair with very white hands. Trying to draw the badger in the person of Mr. Reimers. German annexation in the Pacific regarded as inevitable. L. Barnard expelled from the Victorian Racing Club. The Glenelg tradesmen honor Mr. Thomas King to-night. Freethinkers and spiritualists cheek by jowl last night. A sacred concert at the Theatre Royal on Christmas night. Another banquet to Mr. Thos. King at Glenelg to-night. Dees Mr. Kirkham Evans want an inde- pendant enquiry? The Strathalbyn Salvationists are getting sick of being fined. Medical clairvoyance and spiritualism get- ting exciting topics. The Congo Conference has adjourned over the Christmas holidays. The economical Ministry making Civil servants gutter-scrapers. That crowd at Molton's did not relish being called roughs and larrikins. Last night of the Helen Vivian Dramatic Company at Port Adelaide. Rev. W. R. Fletcher reappointed vice- chancellor of the University. The Adelaide Choral Society will give "The Messiah" on Christmas night, The Salvation Army at Strathablyn drape their drum in black on Sundays. A rather noisy spiritualistic meeting—worse than that Catholic priest's spirit. The Christmas pantomime "Babes in the Wood," at the Academy on Friday. Fat cattle being sent from the Northern Territory to Singapore and Batavia. Negotiations for the settlement of the boot- makers' strike in Victoria hanging fire. The crowd of roughs and larrikins recog- nised in Mr. Reimers an eminent musician. Prince Bismarck is going to travel for his health. Can't he find it in South Australia? A 130-ton gun is said to have been cast at the Krupp Works for the Italian Govern- ment, A man for trying to stab himself with a toasting-fork has been bound over to keep the peace. Mr. Beresford has made grave charges against Inspector Foelsche in the Northern Territory, A proposal has been made to propose Henry George as a Parliamentary candidate for Caithnesshire. Someone wants the Chief Justice, as a "favorite of fortune," to give a big sum to the University. The Republican papers in America have already detected frauds in the late Presi- dential election. So they say, at all events. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge was hissed at Nottingham by a large and disorderly mob consisting chiefly of sympathisers with the Claimant. The regulations of the Italian army compel an officer to fight with any one who insults or challenges him on pain of expulsion from the army. A sensation was caused at Croxley Green, England, by the unearthing of a child's coffin. The contents, however, were proved to be only the bones of some ducks. Enough herrings were landed at Great Yar- mouth in one week recently to provide every man, woman, and child in the United King- dom with four herrings apiece. It has been stated at a meeting of the Bullion Society in England that of £25,000,000 worth of gold raised annually about £10,000,000 is lost in the process of extraction. Mr. Gladstone cannot be charged with sending young and inexperienced men to the House of Peers. One of his new peers is 83, another 68, a third 59, and the youngest 49 years of age. Some crusty, rusty, musty, fusty, dusty curmudgeon of a man gave the following toast at a celebration:—"Our fire-engines—may they be like our old maids—ever ready, but never wanted." A preacher who can deliver two strictly original sermons every Sunday—one in the morning for saints, and the other in the evening for sinners—is wanted by a San Francisco society. Prince George has taken a first-class certifi- cate for seamanship at the Royal Naval College, and is rapidly qualifying himself for appointment to one of the vessels of the Mediterranean fleet. The French agent at Cairo recently objected to the shipment of 100 Krupp guns sold by the Egyptian Government to a German firm, suspecting that they were intended for the Chinese Government. Mr. Buskin says a young man should not say he has "taken a fancy" to a girl, but that he has "taken an imagination" to her. She would probably prefer that he should have taken a diamond bracelet to her. A cast of the Vatican copy of the most famous work of Praxiteles, the Aphrodite of Kindos, the original of which is in the Sala della Croce Greca of the Vatican, has been received at the South Kensington Museum, Monsignor O'Farrell, Bishop of Trenton, contradicts the statement that he was alleged to have made that the Pope had expressed his sympathy with the Irish Home Rulers. The bishop says, "The words attributed to me are totally false." A Chicago hotelkeeper recently had a man arrested for stealing a cake of soap. The man pleaded in extenuation of his offence that he wanted it for his collection of curiosities, is being the first entire cake of soap he had ever discovered in a Chicago hotel. Ail the Indian troopships have now been fitted throughout with the electric light, and it is calculated that the cost will be exactly half what it was during the reign of the less bright and more expensive colza. It is stated that all new ships will be similarly fitted. The manufacture of needles and pins is one of the most flourishing industries in Germany. The eight manufactories of the Iserlohn con- sumed in 1882, 600 tons of wire, employing 800 male and 700 female operatives, besides seven steam engines and four water wheels of 230- horsepower. Sixteen students have been entered at the London School of Medicine for Women this session. Of that number twelve have entered for the full course of medical training; three have taken chemistry in preparation for the University of London examinations, and one is an amateur. The 43-ton gun penetrates 21 inches of iron at eight miles; and a 110-ton gun of an im- proved design is now being constructed. The time is evidently approaching when an Anglo- French war will be carried on by broadsides across the Channel; and Gibraltar will be able to bombard Morocco. Princess Beatrice has lately been giving her attention to photography, an amateur amusement which is greatly on the increase, doubtless due to the recent discoveries by which the use of dry plates does away with the necessity of using chemicals that possess disagreeahle odors and finger-soiling pro- perties. A pretty story of Mr. Sims Reeves comes from Edinburgh. He ran against two blind street-singers, and one of them asked whether Sims Beeves had " turned up." As a matter of fact he was still on his legs and right side up, but replied that Sims Reeves had turned up. One of the blind men then expressed an ecstatic wish to hear him sing, "So you shall," was the reply, and he did. 