THE GOLDEN CJA.LF. BY THE AUTHOB OF "LADY "' ETC. ATJDLEY'S CHAPTER VL—(Continued). And now the banquet was Bpread upon "the short smooth turlj anil everybody was ordered to sit down. They made a merry circle, with the tea-kettle in the centre, piles of cake, and bread ami butter, and jam-pots surrounding it. Blanche and Horatio were the chief ofliciators, and were tremendously busy, ministering to the wants of others, while they satisfied their own hunger and thirst hurriedly between whiles. The damsel sat on the grass with a big crockery teapot in her lap, while her brother watched and managed the kettle, and ran to and fro with cups and saucers. Bessie, as the guest of honor, was commanded to sit still and look on. " Dreadtully babyish, isn't it?" said Urania, smiling, with her superior air at Brian, who had helped himself to a crust of home-made bread, and a liberal supply of gooseberry jam. " Uncommonly jolly," he answered gaily. "I confess to a weakness for bread and jam. I wish people always gave it at afternoon teas." " Has it not a slight flavor of the nursery?" " Of course it has. But a nursery picnic is ever so much better than a swell garden-party, and bread and jam is a great deal more wholesome than salmon-mayonaise and Strasbourg pie. You may despise me as much as you like, Miss Rylance, came here determined to enjoy myself." " That is the right spirit for a picnic," said Ida. " People with grand ideas are not wanted." " And I suppose in the evening you will join in the dumb charades, and play hideand-seek in the garden, all among spiders and cockchafers." " I will do anything I am told to do," answered Brian, cheerily. " But I think the season of the cockchafer is over." "What has become of Dr. Rylance?" asked Bessie, looking about her as if she had only that moment missed him. " I think he went back to the farm for his horse," said Urania. "I suppose he found our juvenile sports rather depressing." " Well, he paid us a compliment in coming at all," answered Bessie, " so we must forgive him for getting tired of us." The drive home was very merry, albeit Bessie and her friend were to part next morning—Ida to go back to slavery. They were both yonng enough to be able to enjoy the present hour, even on the edge of darkness. Bessie clasped her friend's hand as they sat side by side in the landau. " You must come to us at Christmas," she whispered: "I shall ask mother to invite you." , Brian was full of talk and gaiety as they drove home through the dusk. He was very different from that ideal Brian pf Ida's girlish fancy—the Brian who embodied all her favorite attributes, and had all tho finest qualities of the hero of romance. But he was an agreeable, well-bred young man, bringing with him that knowledge of life and the active world which made his talk seem new and enlightening after the strictly local and domestic intellects of the good people with whom she had been living. With the family at The Knoll conversation had been bounded by Winchester on one side, and Romsey on the other. There was an agreeable freshness in the society of a young man who could talk of all that was newest in European art and literature, and who knew how the woild was being governed. But this fund of information was hinted it rather than expressed. To-night Mr. Wendover .seemed most inclined to mere nonsense talk—the lively nothings that please children. Of himself and his Norwegian adventures.he said hardly anything. " I suppose when a man has travelled so much he gets to look npon strange countries is a matter of course," speculated Ida. " If I had just come from Norway, I should talk of nothing else." The dumb-charades and hide-and-seek were played, but only by the lower orders, as Bessie called her younger brothers and sisters. Ida strolled in the moonlit garden with Mir. Wendover, Bessie, Urania, and Mr. Ratcliffe, a very juvenile curate, who was Bessie's admirer and slave. Urania had no particular admirer. She felt that every one it Eingthorpe must needs behold her with mute: worship; but there was no one so audacious as to give expression to the feeling; no one of sufficient importance to be favoured with her smiles. She looked forward to her first season in London next year, and then she would be called upon to make her selection. " She is worldly to the tips of her fingers," said Ida, as she and Bessie talked apart from the others for a few minutes : " I wonder she does not try to captivate your cousin." " What—Brian ? Oh, he is not at all in her line. He would not suit her a bit." " But don't you think it would suit her to be mistress of the Abbey ?" Bessie gave a little start, as if the idea were new. " I don't think she has ever thought of him in that light," she said. "Don't you?" If she hasn't she is not the girl I think her. " Oh, I know she is very worldly; but I don't think she's so bad as that." " Not so bad as to be capablo of marrying for money.—no, I suppose not," said Ida, thoughtfully. " I'm sure you would not, darling," said Bessie. " You talked about it once, when you were feeling bitter; but I know that in your heart of hearts you never meant it. You are much too high-minded." " I am not a bit high-minded. All my high-inindedness, if I everhadany, has been squeezed out of me by poverty. My only idea is to escape from subjection and humiliation—a degradingbondage to vulgarminded people." " But would the cscape be worth having at the cost of your own degradation ?" urged Bessie, who felt particularly hcroic this evening, exalted by the moonlight, the loveliness of the garden, the thought of parting with her dearest friend. " Marry for love, dearest. Sacrifice everything in this world rather than be false to yourself." " You dear little enthusiast, I may never be asked to make any such sacrifice. I have not much chance of suitors at Mauleverer, as you know—and as for falling in love " " Oh, you never know when tho fatal moment may come. How do you like Brian ?" " He is very gentlemanlike; he seems very well informed." "He is immensely clever," answered Bessie, almost offended at this languid praise : " he is a man who might succeed in any line he chose for himself. Do you think him handsome ?" " He is certainly nice looking." " How cool you are! I had set my heart upon your liking him." " What could come of my liking ?" asked Ida with a touch of bitterness. " Is there a portionless girl in all England who would not like the master of Wendover Abbey ?" " But for his own sake," urged Bessie, with a vexed air ; " surely he is worthy of being liked for his own sake, without a thought of the Abbey." "I cannot dissociate him from that lovely old house and gardens. Indeed, to my mind he rather belongs to the Abbey than the Abbey belongs to him. You see I knew the Abbey first." Here they were interrupted by Brian and Urania, and presently Ida found herself walking in the moonlight in a broad avenue of standard roses, at the end of the garden, with Mr. Wendover by her side, and the voices of the other three sounding ever so far away. On the other side of a low quickset hedge stretched a wide expanse of level meadow land, while in the farther distance rose the Wiltshire hills, and nearer the heathy highlands of the New Forest. The lamp-lit windows of Miss Wendover's cottage glimmered a little way oft", across gardens and meadows. " And so you are really going to leave us to- morrow morning?" said Brian, regretfully. By the eight o'clock train from Winchester. To-morrow morning I shall be sitting on a form in a big; bare class-room, listening to the babble of a lot of gills pretending to learn their lessons." " Are you fond of teaching ?" " Just imagine to yourself the one occupation which is most odiouB to you, and then you may know how fond lam of teaching ; and of school-girls; and of schoollife altogether." " It is very hard that you should have to pursue such an uncongenial career." " It seems so to me; but, perhaps, that is my selfishness. I suppose half the people in this world have to live by work they hate." "Allowing for the number of people to whom all kind of work is hateful, I dare say you are right But I think, in a general way, congenial work means successful work. No man hates the profession that brings him fame and money; but the doctor without patients, the briefless barrister can hardly love law or medicine." He beguiled Ida into talking of her own life, with all its bitterness. There was something in his voice and manner which tempted her to confide in him. His seemed thoroughly sympathetic. I keep forgetting what strangers we are," she soid, apologizing for her unreserve. We are not strangers. I have heard of you from Bessie so much that I seem to have known you for years. I hope you will never think of me as a stranger." " I don't think I ever can, after this conversation. I am afraid you will think me horribly egotistical." She had been talking of her father and stepmother, the little brother she loved so fondly, dwelling with delight upon his perfections. " I think yon all that is good and noble. How I wish this were not your last evening at the Kuoll!" "Do you think I do not wish it ? Hark, there's Bessie calling us." They went back to the house, and to the drawing-room, which wore quite a festive appearance, in honor of Bessie's birthday ; ever so many extra candles dotted about, and a table laid with fruit and sandwiches, cake and claret-cup, the children evidently considering a superfluity of meals indispensable to a happy birthday. Blanche and her juniors were sitting about the room, in the last stage of exhaustion after hide-and-seek. " This has been a capital birthday," said Horatio, wiping the perspiration from his brow, and then filling for himself a bumper of claret- cup ; " and now we are going to dance. Blanche, give us the 1'aust Waltz, and go on playing till we tell you to leave off." Blanche, considerably blown, and with her hair like a mop, sat down and began to touch the piano with resolute fingers and forcible rhythm. OXE, two, three, ONE, two, three. The boys pushed the furniture into the corners. Brian offered himself to Ida; Bessie insisted upon surrendering the curate to Urania, and took one of her brothers for a partner; and the three couples went gliding round the pretty old room, the cool night breezes blowing in upon them from wide-open windows. They danced and played, and sang and talked, till midnight chimed from the old eight-day clock in the hall,—a sound which struck almost as much consternation to Bessie's soul as if she had been Cinderella at the royal ball. " TWELVE O'CLOCK I and the little ones all up I" she exclaimed, looking round the circle of towsled heads with remorseful eyes. " What would mother say ! And she told me she relied on my discretion! Go to bed, every one of you, this instant I" " Oh, come, now," remonstrated Blanche, " there no use in hustling us off like that, after letting us sit up hours after our proper time. I'm going to have another sandwich ; and there's not a bit of good in leaving all those raspberry tarts. The servants won't thank us. They have as many jam tarts as they like." " You greedy little wretches; you have been doing nothing but eat all day," said Ida. " When I am back at Mauleverer I shall remember you only as machines for the consumption of pudding and jam. Obey your grown up sister, and go to bed directly." " Grown up, indeed! How long has she been grown up, I should like to know?" exclaimed Blanche vindictively. ' She's only an inch and a quarter taller than me, and she's a mere dumpling compared with Horry." The lower orders were got rid of somehow—driven to their quarters, as it were, at the point of bayonet; and then the grown-ups bade each other good- night; the curate escorting Miss Rylance to her tome, and Brian going up to the top floor to a bachelor's room. " Who is going to drive Miss Palliser to the station?' he asked, as they stood, candlestick in hand, at the foot of the stairs. " I am, of course," answered Reginald. Robin will spin us over tho hills in -no time. I've ordered the car for seven sharp." There was very little sleep for either Bessie or her guest that night. Both girls were excited by the memories of the day that was past, and by thoughts of the day that was coming. Ida was brooding upon her disappointment in Brian Wendover. He had very pleasant manners, he seemed soft-hearted and sympathetic, he was very good-looking—but he was not the Brian of her dreams! The. ideal personage had never existed outside her imagination. It was a shock to* her girlish fancy. There was a sense of loss in her mind. - ' . " I must be very filly," she told herself, " to make a fancy picture of a pereon, and to be vexed with him because he does not resemble my portrait" She was disapointed, and yet she was interested in this new acquaintance. He was the first really interesting young man she had ever met, and he was evidently interested in her. And then she pictured liim at the Abbey, in the splendid solitude of those fine old rooms, leading the calm, studious life which Bessie lma talked ofan altogether enviable life, Ida thought. Mr. Wendover was in the dining- rgom at half-past six when the two girls went down to breakfast. All the others came trooping down a few minutes afterwards, Reginald got up to the last degree of fourin-handishness which the resources of his wardrobe allowed, and with a flower in his buttonhole. There was a loud cry for eggs and bacon, kippered herrings, marmalade, Yorkshire cakes ; but neither Ida uor Bessie could eat. " DJ have a good breikfast," pleaded Blanche affectionately: " you will be having bread and scrape to-morrow. We have got a nice hamper for you, with a cake and a lot of jam puffs and things; but those will only last a short time." " You dear child, I wouldn't mind the bread and scrape, if there were only a little love to flavor it," answered Ida softly. The jaunting-car came to the door as the clock struck seven. Ida's luggagi securely bestowed, then, after a perfect convulsion of kissing, she was hauded to her place, Reginald jumped into his seat and took the reins, and Brian seated himself beside Ida. " You are not going with them!" exclaimed Bessie. " Yes I am, to see that Miss Palliser is not spilt on the hills." " What rot!" cried Reginald. " I should be rather sorry for myself if I were not able to manage Robin." " This is a new development in you, who are generally the laziest of living creatures," said Bessie to Brian, and before he could reply, Ttobin was bounding cheerily through the village, making very little account of the jaunting-car and its occupants, l.'rania was at her garden gate, fresh and elegant looking in pale blue cambric. She smiled at Ida, and waved her a most gracious farewell. " I don't think I ever saw Miss Rylance look so amiable," said Ida. " She does not often favour me with her smiles.' " Are you enemies ?" asked Brian. " Not open foes; we have always maintained an armed neutrality. I don't like her, and she doesn't like me, and we both know it. Bnt perhaps I ought not to be so candid. She may he a favourite of yours." " She might be, but she is not. She is very elegant, very lady-like—according to her own lights—very viperish." It was a lovely drive in the crisp clear air, across the breezy hills. Ida could not help enjoying the freshness of morning, the beauty of earth, albeit she was going from comfort to discomfort, from love to cold indifference or open enmity. " How I delight in the landscape !" she exclaimed. " Is it not ever so much better than Norway V appealing to Brian. It is a milder, smaller kind of beauty," he answered. " Would you not like to see Norway i" '• I would like to see all that is lovely on earth ; yet I think I could be content to to spend a life-time here. This must seem strange to you, who grow weary of that beautiful Abbey." " It is not of his house, but of himself, that a man grows weary," answered Brian. Robin was in a vivacious humor, and rattled the car across the hills at a gocd pace. They had a quarter of an hour to wait at the busy little station. Brian and Ida walked up-and down the platform talking, while Reginald looked after the pony and the luggage. They found so much to say to each other, that the train seemed to come too soon. They bade each other good-bye with a tender look on Brian's part, a blush on Ida's. Reginald had to push his cousin away from the carriage window, in order to get'a word with the departing guest. "We shall all miss you awfully," he said; " but mind and comeback at Christinas." "l ahaH bo only too glad, if Mrs. Wendover will have me. Good-bye." The train moved slowly forward, and she : was gone. • ' " Isn't she a stunner ?" asked Reginald of his cousin, as they stood on the platform looking at each other blankly. " She is the handsomest girl I ever saw, and out and away the nicest," answered Brian. CHAPTER VII. IK THE EIVER-MEADOV. The old hackneyed round of daily life af Mauleverer Manor seemed just a little worse to Ida Palliser after that happy break of six weeks' pure and perfect enjoyment. Miss Pew was no less exacting than of old. Miss Pillby, for whose orphaned and friendless existence there had been no such thing as a holiday, and who had spent the vacation at Mauleverer diligently employed in mending the house-linen, resented Ida's visit to The Knoll as if it were a personal injury, and vented her envy in sneers and innuendoes of the coarsest character. " If 1 were to spoon upon one of the rich pupils, I dare say I could get invited out for the holidays," she said, apropos to nothing particular; " but I am thankful to say I am above such meanness." " I never laid myself under an obligation I didn't feel myself able to return," said Miss Motley, the English governess, who had spent her holidays amidst the rank and fashion of Margate. " When I go to the sea-side with my sister aud her family, I pay my own expenses, and I feel I've a right to be made comfortable." Miss Pillby, who had flattered and toadied every well-to-do pupil, and labored desperately to wind herself into the affections of Bessie Wendover, that warmhearted young person seeming particularly accessible to flattery, felt herself absolutely injured by the kindness that had been lavished upon Ida. She drank in with greedy ears Miss Palliser's description of The Knoll and its occupants—the picnics, carpet-dances, afternoon teas; and the thought that all these enjoyments and festivities, the good things to eat and drink, the pleasant society, ought to have been hers instead of Ida's, was wormwood. When I think of my kindness to Bessie Wendover," she said to Miss Motley, in the confidence of that one quiet hour which belonged to the mistresses after the pupils' curfew-hell had rung youth and hope gaiety into retirement, " when I think of the mustard poultices I have put upon her chest, and the bronchial troches I have given her when she had the slightest touch of cold or cough, I am positively appalled at the ingratitude of the human race." I don't think she likes bronchial troches," said Miss Motley, a very matterof-fact young person who saved money, wore thick boots, and was never provided with an umbrella : " I have seen her throw them away directly after you gave them to her." ' She ought to have liked them," exclaimed Miss Pillby, sternly. " They are very expensive." " No doubt she appreciated your kindness," said Miss Motley, absently, being just then absorbed in an abstruse calculation as to how many yards of merino would be required for her winter gown. " No, she did not," said Miss Pillby. If she had been grateful she would have invited me to her home. I should not have gone, but the act would have given me a higher idea of her character." " Well, she is gone, and we needn't trouble ourselves any more about her," retorted Miss Motley, who hated to be plagued about abstract questions, being a young woman of an essentially concrete nature, borne to consume and digest three meals a day, and having no views that go beyond that function. Miss Pillby sighed at finding herself in communion with so coarse a nature. " I don't easily get over a blow of that sort," she said; " I am too tender hearted." " So you are," acquiesced Miss Motley. It doesn't pay in a big boarding-school, however it may answer iu private families." Ida, having lost her chief friend and companion, Bessie Wendover, found life at Mauleverer Manor passing lonely. She even missed the excitement of her little skirmislies, her passages-at-arms, with Urania Rylance, in which she had generally got the best of the argument. There had been life and emotion in these touch-and-go speeches, covert sneers, quick retorts, innuendoes met and flung back in the very face of the sneerer. Now there waB nothing but dull, dead monotony. Many of the old pupils had departed, and many new pupils had come, daughters of 'wellto-do parents, prosperous, well-dressed, talking largely of the gaieties enjoyed by their elder sisters, of the wonderful things done by their brothers at. Oxford or Cambridge, and of the grand tilings whiohwerc to happen two or three years hence, when they themselves should be "out." Ida took no interest in their prattle. It was so apt to sting her with the reminder of her own poverty, the life of drudgery and dependence that was to be her portion till the end of her days. She did not, in the Mauleverer phraseology, " take to" the new girls. She left them to be courted by Miss Pillby, and petted by Miss Pulcibella. She felt as lonely as one who has outlived her generation. Happily the younger girls in the class which she taught were fond of her, and when she wanted company she let these juveniles cluster round her in her garden rambles; but in a general way she preferred loneliness, and to work at the cracked old piano in the room where she slept. Beethoven and Chopin, Mozart and Mendelssohn were companions of whom she never grew weary. So the slow days wore on till nearly the eud of the month, and on one cool, misty afternoon, when the river flowed sluggishly under a dull grey sky she walked alone along that allotted extent of the river-side path which the mistresses and pupilteachers were allowed to promenade without surm'llancc. This river walk skirted a meadow which was in Miss Pew's occupation, aud ranked as a part of the Mauleverer grounds, although it was divided by the high road from the garden proper. A green paling, and a little green gate, always padlocked, secured this meadow from intrusion on the road- side, but it was open to the river. To be entrusted with the key of this pastoral retreat was a privilege only accorded to governesses and pupil- teachers. It was supposed by Miss Pew that no young person in her employment would bo capable of walking quite alone, where it was within the range of possibility that her solitude might be intruded upon by an unknown member of the opposite sex. She trusted, as she said afterwards, in the refined feeling of any person brought into association with her, aud, until rudely awakened by facts, she never would have stooped from the lofty pinnacle of her own purity to suspect the evil consequences which arose from the liberty too generously accorded to her dependents. Ida detested Miss Pillby and despised Miss Motley; and the greatest relief she knew to the dismal monotony of her days was a lonely walk by the liver, with a shabby Wordsworth or a battered little volume of Shelley's minor poems for her companions. She possessed so few books that it wes only natural for her to read those she had until love ripened with familiarity. On this autumnal afternoon she walked with slow steps, while the river went murmuring by, and now and then a boat drifted lazily down the stream. The boating season was over for the most part—the season of picnics and beanfeasts, and Cockney holidaymaking, and noisy, revelry, smart young women, young men in white flannels, with bare arms and sunburnt noses. It was the dull blank time when everybody who could afford to wander far from this suburban paradise, was away upon his and her travels. Only parsons, doctors, schoolmistresses, and poverty stayed at home. Yet now and then a youth in boating costume glided by, his shoulders bending slowly to the lazy dip of his oars, his keel now and then making a rushing sound among long trailing weeds. Such a youth presently came creeping along the bank, almost at Ida's feet, but passed her unseen. Her heavy lids were drooping, her eyes intent upon the familiar page. The young man looked up at her with keen gray eyes, recognised her, and pushed his boat in among the rushes by the bank, moored it to a pollard willow, and with light footstep leaped on shore. He landed a few yards in the rear of Ida's slowly moving figure, followed softly, came close behind her, and read aloud across her shoulder: There was a Power in this sweet place, An Eve in this garden ; a ruling grace Which to the fluwere, did they waken or dream. Was as God is to the starry scheme." Ida look round, first indignant, then laughing. " How yon startled me!" she exclaimed; " I thought you were some horrid, impertinent stranger; and yet the voice had a familiar sound. How are they all at The Knoll ? It is nearly a fortnight since Bessie wrote to me. If sho only knew how I hunger for her letters." " Very sweet of you," answered Mr. Wendover, holding the girl's hand with a lingering pressure, releasing it reluctantly 1 when her rising colortoldhGnit wouflTje insolent to keep it longer? .5- >n: W Howjthose large dark eyes beamed with pleasure at seeingbim! "Was itfor Us own sake, or for love of her friends at Kingthorpe 1 The smile was perhaps too frank to be flattering. - .. r: " Very sweet of you to care so . much for Bessie's girlish epistles," he said lazily; " they are full of affection, but the style of composition always recalls our dear- Mrs. Nickleby. " Aunt Betsy was asking after you the other day: and that reminds me that the last litter of black Hampshires was sixteen—the largest number father ever remembers having. The vicar and his wife are coming to dinner on Tuesday, and do tell me if this new picture that everybody is talking about is really better than the Derby Day," and that sort of thing. Not a very consecutive style, don't you know." " Every word is interesting to me," said Ida, with a look that told him she was not one of those young ladies who enjoy a little good-natured ridicule of their nearest and dearest. " Is it long since you left Kingthorpe ?" " Not four-and-twenty hours. I promised Bessie that my very first occupation on coming to London should be to make my way down here to see you, in orderthat I may tell her faithfully and truly whether you are well and happy. She has a lurking conviction that you are unable to live without her, that you will incontinently go into a galloping consumption, and keep the fact concealed from all your friends until they receive a telegram summoning them to your death-bed. I know that is the picture Bessie'ssentimental fancies have depicted." "I did not think Bessie was so morbid," said Idi, laughing. " No, I am not one of those whom the gods love. I am made of very tough material, or I should hardly have lived till now. I see before me a porspoctivo of lonely, loveless old age—finishing in a governess's almshouse. 1 hope there are almshouses for governesses." " Nobody will pity your loneliness or lovelessness," retorted Brian, "for they will both be your own fault." She blushed, looking dreamily across the dark-gray river to the level shores beyond —the low meadows,—gentle hills in the back-ground—the wooded slope's of Weybridge and Chertsey. If this speaker, whose voice dropped to so tender a tone, had been like the Brian at her imagiDings —if he had looked at her with the dark eyes of Sir Tristram's picture, how differently his speech would have affected her! As it was, she listened with airy indifference, only blushing girlishly at his compliment; wondering a little if he really-admired her —he the owner of that glorious old Abbey —the wealthy head of the house of Wendover—the garden fish for whom so many fishers must have angled in days gone by. "Did you stay at The Knoll all the time," she inquired, her thonghts having flown back to Ivingthorpe; "or at the Abbey?" . ; " At The Knoll. It is ever so much livelier, and my cousins like to have me with them." " Naturally. But I wonder you did not prefer living in that lovely old house of yours. To occupy it must seem liWe living in the Middle Ages." " Uncommonly. One is twelve miles from a station, and four from post-office, butcher, and baker. Very like the Middle Ages. There is no gas even in the offices, and there are as many rats behind -the wainscot as there were Israelites in Egypt. All the rooms are draughty and some are damp. No servant who has not been born and bred on the estate will stay more than six months. There is a deficient water supply in dry summers, and there are three distinct ghosts all the year round.' 'Exjtremely like the Middle Ages." ;' ' " I would not mind ghosts, rats,' anything, if it were my house," exclaimed Ida, enthusiastically. " The house is a poem. 9 ' " Perhaps; but it is not a house j in .the modem sense of the word, that is to say, which implies comfort and convenience."'- Ida sighed, deeply disgusted at this want of appreciation of the romantic spot *where she had dreamed away more than , one happy summer moontide, while the Wendover children played hide-and-seek inthe overgrown old shrubberies. No doubt life was always, thus. : The people to whom blind fortune gave ;snch blessings were unable to appreciate tbemj and only the hungry outsidere could imagine the delight of possession. ; "Arc you living in London now:!" she asked, as Mr. Wendover lingered' at "her side, andsoemedto expect the, conversation to be continued indefinitely. His boat was safe enough, moving gently up and down the rushes, -with tho gentle flow of the tide. Ida looked at it longingly, thinking how sweet it would ho to step into it and let it cany her and whither, so long as it was away from Mauleverer Manor. " Yes, I am in London for the present." "But not for long, X suppose." " I hardly know. I liave no plans. I won't say with Romeo that I am fortune's f00l—but I am fortune's shuttlecock ; and I suppose that means pretty much the same." •' It was very kind of you to come to see me," paid Ida. t. " Kind to myself, for in coming I iudulged the dearest wish of my soul," said the young man, looking at her with eyes whose meaning even her inexperience could not misread. " Please don't pay me compliments," she said, hastily, " orl shall feel very sorry you came. And now I must hurry back to the house—the tea-hell will ring in a few minutes. Please tell Bessie I am very well, and only longing for one of her dear letters. Good-bye." She made him a little curtsey, and would have gone without shaking hands, but he caught her hand and detained her in spite of herself. " Don't be angry," he pleaded; don't look at me with such cold, proud eyes. Is it an offence to admire, to love you too quickly 1 If it is, I have sinned deeply, and am past hope of pardon. Must one serve an apprenticeship to mere formal acquaintance first, then rise step by step to privileged friendship, before one dares to utter tho sweet word love • Remember, at least, that I am your dearest friend's first cousin, and ought not to appear to you as a stranger." "I can remember nothing when you talk so wildly," said Ida, crimson to the roots of her hair. Never before had a young lover talked to her of love. " Pray let me go. Miss Pew will be angry if I am not at tea." " To think that such a creature as you should be under the control of any such harpy," exclaimed Brian. " Well, if I must go, at least tell me I am foigiven, and that I may exist upon the hope of seeing you again. I suppose if I were to come to the hall-door, and send in my card, I should not be allowed to see you V " Certainly not. Not if you were my own cousininstead of Bessie's. Good- bye." " Then I shall happen to be going by in my boat every afternoon for the next month or so. There is a dear good soul at tho lock who lets lodgings. I shall take up my abode there." "Please never laud ou this pathway again," said Ida earnestly. " Miss Pew would be horribly angry if she heard I had spoken to you. And now I must go." (To be continued.) 