Mew Zealand. Wellington, March 11. It is expected that Now Zealand will export £350,0)) worth of frozen meat this year. The Court of Appeal has dismissed both applications fcr a new trial in tbe case of Hunt v. Sir Arthur Gordon, and also the appeal against tbe orginal verdict for £100 damages awarded to Mr. Hunt. A teleobam iu the following words has been received by tbe Inspector General of Police, Sydney, from his sub-inspector at firafion, which seems to point to a number of French criminals being about to land on tbe chores of New South Wales : — *' Two selectors fencing selections on tbe beach, near the mouth of Little River, report that on Thursday evening last they saw a large white open boat under lug sail, with five or six men in her. She attcm.ted to land on the beach, eight mil;s south of Richmond Heads, but failed, as tbe sea was too rough. She th-u stood out, making north. Might be French escapees. The mate of the steamer Platypus tells me they passed ac i open boat on Sunday, abont 4 p.m., 30 miles sonlh of tbe Clarence, uuder sail. The boat had two mastf, and appeared to be about 28 feet long, dark coloured. Could see no men , I in her. JsTo signals, and gor-g south. Very j unusual. StooQ off from steamer,' i A MAN named Wm. Hastings was fined £10 in the Brighton police oourt for having imper sonated a ghost and usod obscono language. He was in the habit of dressing in white and going about at night frightening women and others. DcMAs, the clerk in the Victorian Education Department, has heen sentenced to three months imprisonment for having stolen a chequo from o lettor which wad given him to be posted. Tbe prisoner's friends pnid the money, and therefore ho got only a light sentence. It has transpired that a caso containing over 300 rotten eggs was in readiness at NewcrHle a few nights ago for the Salvation Army. A bombardment *ith these unsavoury missiles would have taken place if tbe police had not been present. Thbbb was a swarm of sharks in Newcn?tle harbour on Saturday week similar to that seon near Sydney recently. In about an hour ono boat caught 28, which averaged four feet. ' A special mooting of the shareholders of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company was held at the Chamber of Commerce, Exchange, last week, for the purpose of elecliog two directors ia tbe room of tho Hon, L. M. Levy, M L.C., and Mr. George Ferguson, who had resigned. Captain W. J. Hynes and Mr. Richard Binnie, junr., were duly elected directors. It is understood that Baron Reay is Mr. Gladstone's nominee for the _ Governorship of Victoria, and that he declines to accept tho position till be has consulted with tbe Earl of RoBobery, who will shortly arrive in England from Australia. Tjik licensed fishing boat Maggie was stolon from tho Newcastle wharf last week by two sailors who were cBpsized in North Harbour, about midnight, ana rescued with great diffi* culty. Tho boat was found miles up tho har bor much damaged. A man named Robert Moore attempted to strangle himself at Albury. A man in an ad eourning room hoard a gurgling noise, and went in and found Moore hanging from the roof. Moore was cut down. He has boon remanded to gaol, as it is supposed he is of unsound mind. Av action for £3000 damages has beon begun by the widow of Mr. W. H. Smith, warehouse man, Fiinders-lano, Melbourne, against tho Queenscliff borough council, in consequence of tho death of her husband while bathing in the corporation baths in Ootober last. Wiclls1 '' Rough on CornH.'— Ask for Wells ' Rough on Corns,' 'Quick r lief, complete, permanent cure, Ccrns, warts, bunions, Mobob Mosb and Oo, Sydney, General Agents, 