THE TOWER OF CIRCUMSTANCES. Causes (says F. W. Robinson) apparently the moet trivial— a heated room, want of exercise, a sunless day, a northern aspect will make all the difference between happi ness and unhappiness, between faith and doubt, between courage and indecision. To our fancy there is something humiliating at oeing ums at me mercy ui vur auimu organism. We would fain find nobler causes for our emotions. We talk about the hiding of God's countenance and fiery darts of Satan. But the picture given here is true. The bsdy is the channel of our noblest emotions as well as our sublimeet sorrows. Two practical results folio w. Firt, instead of vilifying the body, complaining that our nobler part is chained down to a base partner, it is worth recollecting that the body, too, is the gift of God, in its way divine— the temple of the Holy Ghost ; and that to keep the body in temperance, sobernee?, and chastity, to guard it from pernicious ipllaences, and to obey the laws of health, are ja^t as much religious &i; they are moral duties— just as much obligatory on the Christian as they are on a member of the sacitarj committee. If love lives through all life, andsurvi?e3 through all sorrow, and remains steadfast to us through all changes, and iu all darkness of spirit burns brightly, and if we die deplores us for ever and loves still equally, and exists with the very last gasp and throb of the faith ful bosom, whence it passes with the pure eouI beyond death, surely it shall ba im mortal. Though we who remain are sepi rated from it, is it not ours in heaven? If vre love still those we loae, can we altogether lese those we love ?— Thackeray. While we are coldly discussing a man's career, sneering at his mistakes, blaming his rashness, and labelling bis opinions — ' Evan gelical and narrow,' or ' Latitudinarian and Pantheistic,' or 'Anglican and supercilious' — that man in his solitude is, perhaps, shed ding hot tears because bis sacrifice U a hard ote, because strength and patience are fail ing bim to speak the difficult word, and do the difficult deed.— Gsouge Eliot. Remember how much is certain. Is there any doubt about the Sermon on the Mount ? Whether, fcr instance, the Beatitudes are true to fact? Whether the pure in heart shall see God ? Any doubt whether to have tbe rcird of Christ be salvation and rest? Well, if so, you may be content to leave much, if God will, to unfold itself slowly ; if cot you can quietly wait for eternity to settle it.— F. H. Kobertsox. Good men have tried the Bible ; in youth and in old age ; in sickness and in health ; iu business and at home; in life and death. Lawyers have tried it ; statesmen have tried it ; society has tried it in its charities', its edu cation, and its laws ; but it is not worn out ; it is not affected ; it is ever young and never old ; it is the Lord's Book ; we need no others ; tbe longer it is tried the more satis factorily it is proved the word of the Lord, which abideth forever.— Dr. Hall. It is as if you saw a locomotive engine upon & railway and it would not go, and they put up a driver and they said, ' Now, that driver will just do.' They try another and another. One proposes that such and such a wheel shall be altered, but still it will not go. Some one then bursts in among those that are conversing, and says, 'No, friends; bit the reason why it will not go is because there is do steam. You have no fire; you have no water in the boiler — that's why it will not go. It will go well enough if you but get the steam up.' But now people are saying, 'This must be altered, and that must be altered.' But the Church's great want is the Holy Spirit, and until that want be supplied we may reform and reform, and still be just the same.— C. H. Spctegeox. 