JACK FLYNN'S STORY. \-----o----- By R. P. WHITWORTH. " I DON'T know," said Jack Flynn, slowly, as he thoughtfully pressed the tobacco down into his pipe with the end of a black horny finger, " I do not know that I do know much of a yarn, not to call it a yarn, seein' as how spinnin' yarns is a line of business as I've never paid much attention to, but if you don't mind, why I don't mind, telling you about the biggest fright l ever got in my life. But before I begin I want to know does any of you chaps believe in sperrits ? I don't mean sperrits to drink, 'cos I know most on you does that, but I do mean real right down sperrits of dead people, ghosts, you know. The men looked uneasily at each other, but no one spoke. " Very well," Jack continued, "then I'll say as you don't or you do, as the case may be. I don't, leastways, I didn't until— but that's the yarn. Msat on you knows the Maneroo plains. I mean that part of the Maneroo about the Snowy River, and there- abouts." There was a general murmur of assent, and Jack went on : " I was down there in sixty-two, a kind of knock-about-man on old Allen's station, and a rough time I had of it in them days, you may bet. Just about then, you may remem- ber, the Araluen diggings, away up to the north'ard, were giving out, and the number of swagmen we had making their way over to Gippsland was, a caution to snakes. Of course there were some good men among 'em ; but, taken altogether, them Araluen diggers—leastways, those of 'em who came our way—were just about the worst lot I ever set eyes on. They seemed to me to be the very sweepings of Australia. Sponge and cadge of course they did, and you couldn't much blame men who were right down on the bed rock for that ; but steal, by gosh ! they were the biggest thieves unhung. No- thing came amiss to 'em. Nothing was too hot or too heavy ; and I tell you, it needed you to keep your eyes skinned when any of 'em were round ; and, as some of 'em gene- rally were round ; we'd a lively time of it, you may guess. Well, one day, just before sundown, I was standing talking to Andy Carr, the men's cook, when we saw, coming over the rise, two swagmen. Of course, we thought they were coming down to ask to stop in the huts for the night, as usual but, to my surprise, when they saw us, they turned off from the track into a little patch of scrub, and there they camped. At the distance when they turned away, we could neither of us make 'em out very distinctly ; but I had sharp eyes in them days, and I could see that one of 'em was a little black-a-vised chap, with a moustache and a goatee beard ; the other was younger, and had light hair and no beard. I couldn't tell why, but it seemed to me that he turned pale like when he caught sight of us, and that the other spoke to him sharply ; then, as I said, they turned off sharp into the bush. " ' I don't half like the looks of those chaps,' said I to Andy ; ' it looks to me as if they were after no good.' " ' Well, mate,' says Andy, laughing, ' they won't find much to collar here ; the last lot nearly cleaned us out, but I'll keep a bright look out.' " But they didn't trouble us. They made a fire, boiled their billy, and when I left the hut they had, so far as we could see, wrapped themselves up in their blankets, and gone to sleep. I started away for the house, as I used to bunk in the kitchen ; but somehow I couldn't get them chaps out o' my mind. When I got to the house I told Mr. Bell, the super., but he laughed at me, and told me to go to bed. So I did, but I couldn't sleep. ' I'll have a peep at them chaps if I die for it,' says I to myself ; so up I gets, puts on my clothes, and slips out. It was half moon, and from where I stood on a bit of a rise I could see the gleam of their fire through the trees. I dodged round 'the back of the house into a belt of scrub, and crossing the track behind the rise, got into the bush on the other side. After that it was easy enough—I soon reached the patch of scrub where they were camped. I was too far off to hear what they said very plainly, for they were talking ; but I heard one call the other a fool, and it seemed to me the other was crying. I listened, but could only make out something like ' double back— cross track.' The one who was talking had a rough harsh voice that I fancied I'd heard before somewhere, but couldn't tell where. At any rate thinks I, ' I'll know it again wherever I hear it,' and away I stole back to bed. " Next morning I was down at the cook's hut, and there, sure enough, the two men were, still at their camp having breakfast. By-and-bye they packed up their swags, and passing the hut at a little distance, went off along the South road. I tried to get a better look at 'em, but they'd both got their billy- cocks pulled low down, and I couldn't see much of 'em. I did see, however, that the young fellow looked uneasy, and as if he was trembling with fright. " ' If those two blokes' ain't been up to something, or are going to be up to some- thing, I'm a Dutchman,' said I to Andy Carr, but he only laughed in his quiet way, and said I was always a findin' out some mare's nest or other. " I said nothing, but took a quiet walk to where the men had camped. There was nothing there but the ashes of the fire, and I turned away, wondering what made me so dubious about them. Hallo ! what was that lying under the grass tussock there ? A knife, a common wooden-handled sailors' sheath knife. I picked it up, and examined it. Nothing particular, except that it had the two letters J.S. roughly cut into the haft, and that the point was broken off. Lord ! mates, of what little things the big things of this world are made up. I was nearly throw- ing it down again as worthless, and if I had —whew ! " Later that day came another party of swagmen from the North. They called at the hut, and enquired if we had seen a party of three pass lately. They were surprised when we told them about the two men we had seen, and still more surprised when I described them, and showed them the knife I had found. " ' That's Joe Steel's knife,' said one of them. ' I know it well. I had it in my hand only three or four days since, cutting up tobacco. But the point wasn't broken off then, so far as I recollect. But where the deuce has Phil. Devine got to ? He started with them, or was to do, anyway ! The swagmen went on their way, and I kept the knife, why I hardly know, but I did, and in the business of the station the matter almost passed out out of my mind. Almost. But that same night a curious thing hap- pened. Standing on the verandah, I thought I saw a figure suddenly dart across the road from below the hut, into the thick scrub. I don't know what possessed me, but I followed leisurely in the direction of the last night's camp. I could see nothing, hear nothing, and on reaching the camp I was about to go back, fancying my eyes had deceived me. Nothing, did I say ? But, by George, there was something. Somebody had been there before me. The ashes of the fire had been raked up, and still bore the marks of the scratching of human fingers. I stood still and listened. Not a sound, not even the falling of a leaf. I cooeyed. No answer. I searched the bushes, but could find no trace, even of a trodden tussock or a broken branch. All was still, silent as death. " Now comes the strange part of my story, and those who don't believe it can—do the other thing. For my part, I say and swear that it is true, unmistakably, literally, true, every word of it. " About a week after I had found the knife, and by this time I had nearly forgotten all about the whole affair, I was sent out to find out the camp of a mob of stray cattle that had not been seen for some days. I mounted my brown mare Jess, took with me a sharp little collie slut that I had trained to track cattle, and away I started. First I went south, but could find no trace ; then I struck off for the westward, and after hours of scrambling up and down the rugged spurs and gullies of that rough country, was fain to give it up in that direction. Keeping northward along the foot of the range, I soon found myself in a part of the country of which I knew next to nothing. It was a wild, scrubby place, the last in which to find a cattle camp, and yet I persevered. I knew these were a valuable lot, and as I had often said that with my dog I could hunt the beg- gars out anywhere, I felt my reputation at stake, and determined to find the beasts, even if I had to camp out for it. Hardly heeding where I went, I travelled on until nightfall, but, as I knew the moon, which was now in her third quarter, would rise soon, I kept on my route. After a time I got myself, I know not how, into a thick tangle of low scrub and open forest, which seemed to stretch on for miles. I was as one in a dream, and rode slowly forward, almost unconscious of where I was going. The moon had risen, and her pale light showed me at a little distance a clump of thick timber, and into this I rode boldly. Then, and not till then, I realised that I did not know where I was, that, in fact, I was bushed, and to make matters worse, whilst I was in the very thick of it, a cloud suddenly covered the moon. Still I rode a little further, until right in the very heart of the forest I came to a swamp. Go- ing back was useless ; going forward impos- sible ; so I leisurely took off the saddle and prepared to camp. To my astonishment my mare was bathed in a foam of perspiration, and was trembling in every limb like an aspen leaf. Just then, too, my dog, which I noticed had crouched close to my feet when I dis- mounted, let out a long, dismal, unearthly howl, the like of which I had never heard be- fore, and which seemed to echo and re-echo through the bush. I felt a queer sensation of awe and terror creep over me, my hair stif- fened on my head, and I could feel my heart knocking against my ribs at a fearful rate. " What was it ? what was it ? I appeared to be in a dismal black pit, surrounded by a ring of grinning, gibing skeletons. I knew these were but the white stems of the swamp gums, and yet I was afraid even to look round, for fear I should see something that should blast my very eyeballs. My horse was trembling more violently than ever, and my dog, still crouched at my feet, howled long and loud, and more dismally than before. I seemed to be gifted with a second sense of sight, for although the moon was still clouded, I could see everything before me, the black reedy swamp, the white gums, the waving tree tops beyond. Everything. " A third time the dog howled, and this time so wildly, so weirdly, that I felt as if I should sink into the ground with horror. But what was that. Was it fact or was it fancy ? I dared not look, and yet I could neither turn my head nor close my eyes. " There, right before me, not twenty yards away, I saw, as it were, a mist slowly rise from the stagnant swamp ; slowly it grew on my sight, slowly it formed itself into a pal- pable shape, the figure of a human being, of a man, pale of face, but with a long brown beard sweeping over its breast, the breast on which was a dark lurid mark from which welled a red stream. Slowly, oh, so slowly, its features became clearer and clearer, until they were burned into my very brain. Slowly it lifted its hand, and then with a curious waving circular motion, pointed downward to the spot ohnwhich it seemed to stand, and then as slowly as it had grown into sight and form, melted away, first into mist, then into impalpable air. " Not until it had vanished could I move. Not a step. Not a movement of a limb. But when it had gone, the spell was broken. I uttered a scream, and fled the accursed spot, I knew nor recked not whither. All I know is that I fled, fled, until I fell down from sheer exhaustion, and became insensible. " When I came to myself I found myself in my own bunk. They told me they had missed me from the station, had sent out all hands to search for me, and had found me about a couple of miles north of the house, lying near an old forgotten track into the back country a quarter of a mile from the road. That I had had a severe attack of brain fever, in which I had raved wildly about the spirit in the swamp, but that they could make neither head nor tail of what I meant. My horse had been found standing over me where they sup- posed I had fallen from his back, and it was through the howling and yelping of my dog that they had been guided to where I lay. " And now," said Jack Flynn, " after that do you believe in ghosts ? No ! Very well then, I'll tell you the finish. As I'm a living man, whether it was brain fever or not, or whether I dreamt it or not, the skeleton of a man was afterwards found in that very swamp, and stuck hard and fast into the breast- bone was a bit of steel which exactly fitted the broken point of the knife I had in my possession. Through the few words I had heard let drop about doubling back and cross track, I had been able to lay the police on the man suspected, and to cut the story short, he was hanged at Darlinghurst on the sworn testimony of myself and others who knew him better than I did. His mate, who was a faint-hearted, soft-headed sort of a chap after all, turned Queen's evidence to save his neck, and what became of him I don't remember. They called it brain fever ; you boys may call it what you like. I call it a true story of a bona fide ghost. A NOVEL is being written in England by nine different persons, the object being to give individuality to each character. IT is stated on competent French authority that Irish women have the most beautiful hands in the world. The next prettiest come from Poland. THE municipal schools in Paris are now visited regularly twice a month by medical inspectors, who are also required to attend in urgent cases. It is hoped by these means to limit the spread of contagious diseases. There are 126 of these doctors, and they receive $160 a year each. 