§;iti{ ^tqjteilq. ~ tSe gipsy queen. Br 'SIDLAWDALE.' Written expiitssli) for the Christmas JNitmler ';?? ?-.; ?: ofthejD.IJ). Gaxelle. ? ? r never liked Kupert Roxtbn, but tho anti pathy amounted 'to loathing ?-.»» I saw him approach the house: Thoro was -a fierce look . * of exultation on his face as lip dismounted fronr his horse and took his way to the' library where1 Sir Basil Mertou sat. I did not go to , incot him for I seemed to feel that there Was'. that lietwetn us that mode [is enomirs. Yet wo; ' ,wer« cousins, nnd ho professed to lovo mo. I told him it was hopoluss and warned him that my affections were not mine to give, but he ; quietly auswored me that he would wait and hope, and. that ho know his faithful love: met Kdward Stnitheurn, met him and gave him '; that love llupert Uoxtoii could never win from me. Then Mr Koxton changed, and on his : few visits to tho Qlen his face, clouded and moody, interpreted freely the evil passions that raged in his breast. One interview ho sought with mo and I could not but pity tho siucure grief, tho bitter agony he scorned to suffer. Ho reproached mo and taunted mo with fickleness, v avowing that ho would yet win me. l~-N. * Minnie Morton, I have loved you long ' ho ? ', '^^S. \ hissed through his teeth, -' and had not this ?* ' NjEttir-faced Bcump met you uud captivated you V a ?.. — -*?£ with his soft manner I should have won you.' I could not tell him that he had always been repugnant to me, and that neither time nor change could make me love him. Edward Strathearu was all in all to me and none other could ever touch my heart. I was not alone in my opinion of his merits for my father Sir! Basil seemed to look with approbation on his suit. He did not forbid it, mid as ho was conscious of it, I felt that lie was not averse to our love. Life seemed a happy dream and everything moulded itself to my joy, but now and then a warning voice scorned to whisper, ?You are too happy.' And so the days rolled on and the time approached when Edward in tended to seek mo boldly, Poor fellow, he was not rich and ho dared not go to Sir Basil and ask my hand. All had changed suddenly, however, aiid tho death of a distant relation placed wealth at his disposal and ramovad thoso scruples of pride which made him fear that my father would refuse his daughter's liund to a penniless man. And so my future and that of iny Kdward looked fair and full of happi ness on the day of which I speak, tho day when llnpevt rode np the avenue and passed into my father's room. With his entrance into tlm house an indefiiiato yet heavy weight of woe fell upon mo. I knew not its cause aiid yet it burdened tnu, I reasoned against it and still it would not vanish. Sitting at the win dow looking far across the fluids covered with their white imuitle of snow, grief assumed a palpable shape and enveloped me oven ns the mioiv did the ground. My thoughts travelled to Edward Sfcrathearn, and I started .as I pon dered on the look .qf joy Rupert's face had, worn. Was Kdward dunn ? I trembled as I thought of such a possibility. A wouk uqu ho had left me to visit Rydo anil enjoy a few' days yachtiiigi but no storm had been reported. ' Foolish child ho will come back to you in saf'oty,' J. xtrove to say to myself, but even as 1 did so U|o malignant face of my cousin Rupert rose befoi'fl ii)O. A moment afterwards my father 'entered thu tmnn ulqijo. His face was very serious, ami I knew that my premonitions or evil wore correct. Ho approached mo and saiil gently, ' Minnie, am I wrong in thinking that you take a deep interest in Edward Strathearu.' 'Something has happened to him,' I cried in terror. 'Yes, something terrible has occurred,' lie said in a stern voice, and then -his told me tlio particulars oE an- event that seemed too horrible to bfi peal, but which I was forced to believe, because 1 know that lny father scorned to stoop to anything liko falsehood. Evon now when the clouds of mystery havp rolled away, I feel a shook of tho old horror I experienced when I first heard the tidings that Edward was drowned. I listened to tho words, but did not seem to appreciate them, all my senses were dulled, bnt they were soon roused by greater woe behind. ?Yes, Kdward Stratlicarn is drowned my girl,' said my father, and I am very sorry for you if you' loved him — and you did love him, did yqii not ?' I could r.ot sp£akt bnt the grief I suffered bore testimony to tho love whi;;h caused it. ' Are you strong enough to listen Minnie?' my father asked after a pause, and then seeing how anxiously I waited for his words ho wont (in, 'Rupert Roxton has .informed mu that Mr Strnthcavn and his relative, Methveu met at llyde. Methven, who was deeply incuiiH&d; lit Stratlicarn because ho succeeded to the wealth of ucsGUtrjc Miss Methveu, took every opportunity of iiisultinjj Stii}tln,ari| ; tho latter 'for some mysterious reason boi'o Iiis contumely in silence, nay, at length, took him out in his boat for the alleged purpose of arguing what him. What happened' during tho voyage wo only know from tho two sailors who manned the small yacht Strathonrn wns using. An extended cruiso was proposed, and tho two young men seemed to lm on friendly terms f uk some time, until Methven became excited by drjuk, wliiel; ]i2 persisted in con suming immoderately, ui)d th-ji| the old accusations and reproaclius weru ronewed, and Stratheavn was taxed with attempting to sup plant him in the good graces of Miss Methve and securing the wealth which ho considered should have fallen to him. 'StYiitheavn would have returned, tho boat men say, but a gale had arisen, and tlio frail yacht was driven to sea. In the midst of the danger the reproaches wore continued by the drink-maddened Metliven, until he overstepped tho bounds or Sjtpjtliearn's patience, and roused an anger as great, if j$t greater, than his own; some words of 'deadly insult which ' I cannot repeat to you maddened the man whom ho was taunting, and Stratlicarn suddenly leaving the. tiller, struck Motlivcn a fierce blow which made him stagger back, his £;qt struck against tho low bulwarks and ho fell overborn). The desertion of his post at tho helm wiis fiittd'ty tiiij yacht in the heavy sea running and she broached to, a great wavo dashed on board and swamped herj Next moment tho two sailors found themselves iu the water. It was night and nothing could bo scon save tho waste of waters. The sailors supported themselves on a spar that had boon swept overboard wheu the yacht capsized uud wore puikpd up some five hours later by a fishing boat iii which they reached the shore in safety, but of tho other t\vo 119 tuljmjs have since beeii licard.' TIip sailors sfaty tJi!|if'i5J thoro wore several bouts in the neighbourhood it is possible that one or both may have boon picked, up, but there is little hope I am afraid and both young men I fear liavo been drowned.' 1 oijly realised that Edward was dead I could not mittier tlip dutails. ' That fact stunned me and Twos conscious of nothing plsn, 'Minnie' resumed by father .'do you under stand that if both nro not found it is liv'ttor that both should bo drowned.' £' looked. up. affrighted, I could not under stand 'Edward Stratlicarn you know was the 'means' of Methyen going, OYprhoard, and tho papors stato that if ho were alive he could bo tried for murder.' Then the full horror of my trial fell upon mo and I know tho causo of my father's: stcrri miuiiuir. Ho blamed Edward for that rush blow which had beau followed by such fatal results. I need riot dwell upon th/j 'agoqy I suffered tho thought that ho I loved was lostto mo f(jr ever was terrible, but far more fearful was the knowledge that I could not wish him alive.' Rijpert, my cousin Rupert,' gradually re sumed the .intimato relations^ with the Glon which had been iutcvriiptfil by the presence of Edwiird. I saw that lie hud not givqn up hope that ho could win me, and alas I also observed that my father favored his attentions. I know that iu tiino my poor woman's' wits would bo required to strugglp against tho strong will of men who cdnio ot a iiico tlwitponjpelled weaker minds to bow to tl\eh- imperious desires.- ; ' 'Tis time that you loft off inpurniug Minnie ' said Sir Basil iu a petulant humor one, day. 'How long am I to wait Minnie, have IJ iiot boon faithful ?' wiw Jim significant whisper of Rupert ono evening at tho piano 'Do you wish, to wed a ghost, a memory, in wliicli you have' no place ' I returned. ?'?'??_ 'ffo,' my cousin aiiBwoi'cd, ' I desiro to miu-iy you aud that cud I shall attain some day. Why not yield now, fiqusj|| ? 'Why -mourn for that man who, if he were nljvo would \qng ago have paid tlio heavy price of his murderous action, and would at least havo been expiating his crime in some convict prison nmidst villainous felons ?' 'Rujicrt Roxton,' I said, looking at him with the contempt I felt. ' You must fool sure of gaining a bride when you endanger your suit in this manner. I never would have married you had Kdward Strathearu no existence. I could not marry you when be was nlivo and now he is dead his memory is as great a rival iih if ho stood hero just now.' ' * ? 'I have no fear, but you will change,' he said in u low tone, and the expression of his Sice iuaflo my heart sink. M have no fear but you will change,' and tho small black cyos looked into mine, and seemed to will that I should give way to his wishes; I feared him, I fenveil the uncanny acts of which he so often boasted, the power he had of bonding the will of others to his own, and taking away freedom of action. Thorp was something, weirdly torriblo in Ruperts' black art, as ho laughingly called it, and I trembled as I thought ]iqw I might oven against my own wish find mysolf standing beside him at the altar. 'Vyiioro can the line between ignorant super stition and scientific inquiry, between quackery and strange and real phenomena be drawn? .This question I asked myself as I strolled one day to the village, and stood gazing at a gipsy woman telling tho fortune of a country lass. It was not all fair promises that she heard, for I siiw licr turn pale and shrink weeping away as the stvangii-oyud, ti&rk.rcninplpxioncd; woman poured her future and her past Into 'liar listen ing eager cars. I paused, my sad thoughts overcome, and pressed aside by momentary curiosity. The fortune- teller glanced at me -a moment with an eager quick look, then wont (in with her divination or fooling, which you will. At laiigth the girl being satisfied— she looked terrified — the pi&stcss; of vulgar modern magic approached mo and said ! Can I toll your fortune, lady.' I shook my head, 'Not iu that way she said, 'pointing contemptuously in the direction of the retreating girl. 'Not in that wiiy,' I consented reproaching myself for my fully, and was lod intti a tout, Oaro fully the canvas door was closed, and then tlio woman spoke, ? Give me your hand,' sho said quietly; 'grief is imprinted on your forehead, I may relievo you. You do not believe in my art, but truth may confirm it. We shall be free from interruption hero. Do you desire to know the past or the future ? ? ' Uoth are alike impossible ' I answered 'if you act honestly.' ' Not so lady I shall not tell you what you wisl| to ki|()W hut yqu yqurstilf \yjll see and romumbur what you-havo so'on,' 1 inust liavu looked incredulous fijp she quickly uddod. 'Oh, I will not adliuro to tlio system you saw me pursuing. That is how wo gain our broad, tho other nwthud would frighten most of tlio com mon herd. You aro in difficulties, you havo trials uud troubles, and would lie relieved. Aro yon willing to trust yourself to mo?' I glanced at her face and something bade mo say yes. ' I am glad ' she answered simply ? for I desire to do you good.' Sit down in that chair and think first of the past. Test the past and you may believe tho future. f c|id i)s fjljQ cqn|inai|dod (for it. was a com mand) ami tlio ineantatuin' or, the. iiiquiiy began. Passing her hand over my face and body holding my baud in hers she made several signs and -my eyes closed. Then with eyelids closely shut I saw Edward as I had seen him last when ho parted from mo. A moment more and the scene of the wreck as my father Ijad (loscfibqd it was, depicted on n;y mind. ? J saw tho blow struck ni|d Mothvoii sti|iuhlo(ivoi-- board. 1 saw tho yacht caught by tho gale and the sea, tremble a moment like a living thing in danger of death aud then sway nnder neatii the waves. I saw the sailors cling to some wreckage, but here my vision did not ond us their knowledge did, for I saw two forms battling with tho wild elements, two forms wide apart. 1 saw Methvou picked up and observed a.lmat rescue Kdward. Of time I know nqth illg, bijt both weiie saved. I squmgd tq see that 'Mctlivuu was .aware. qt! E(lw.a$d!s rescue, tiiqugh Ned was ignorant that tho nian ho had struck was still alive. And then tho vision faded away 'Can you prcscribo your own cure,' asked a voice, not of me, but of my mind, and my mind answered ' Yes.' Then rose another picture of the brain, and' I saw Miss Mctlivon us she was in the flesh standing in her library at Methven Hall. She was reading some papers' and speaking aloud. I seemed to hear what sho said, ' Hero is the will that gives my wealth to Kdward Stratlicarn, nnd here the deed that makes Cluii'lcs Mothven iny ljfiir., Charles has offended me. He is dissolute, and leads an evil life, yet I cannot forget ho is my brother's son. This will iu his favor is the latest of tho many I havo made, it shall lie iu this drawer until to-morrow, and then I shall tell Charles he is again forgiven. I saw the will which I knew referred to her nephew, deposited in a secret (ivay,or, tojjclji.'d by a spring iu an old-fashioned table with spider legs and gilt claws. Then the will that referred to Edward wiis placed upon tlio table. A moment afterwards the old lady seemed to bo lying on the carpet, eager bauds were aiding her, nnd yet all was useless, for I knew that she was dead. Then the visions vanished and I found my self looking round the tent iu mingled alarm ? ai(d joy, Tho gipsy looked at 1110 curiously with a lmlf 8)i|llo. ' 'Syhnt do,i)s It mtjttn ?' I cried, 'Is this wit'ehcrat't ?? 'No .?witchcraft'' tho' woman answered quietly 'but the truth, you havo hud a waking drca.ni. ? You have seen some things which arc true' I nodded eagerly. And you have per haps beheld other occurrences that you know nut of ?' 'Horo'I shook my bond, but shocon , tiiniQil not heeding my ? sign qf incredulity. '?Le't wliat yim saw of tiiq past truth give weight to tlio past unknown and beliovo it, for I warn you it cannot. err.' 'What was tlio cause of the mysterious mind pictures^ I cried. ; ' f'Phiit' I cani|ot toll1 tho fqvtniip reader answered, 'sufHciontfqr' yon ! is it to know that you 'have dreamt or seen- what 'cannot bo uu'-' true.' . . ' ' . '' 'Ah, if I could believe' I' cried, a wild rush, of joy .filling my whole being, with intense' happiness. 'Ah, if:I could oiily believe it.' ' Ijaily,';hpro is paper ; ? notii dowii tlio facts of yqur'yisiaii, and ijhonld tho necessity arjso to act upon1-vluit you have seeii, do so without fail, for tinio will ' provo mo rightj 'prove my ' scioncercovrect.' , ? ' ? I took tlio advice of the strange dark-eyed ?' woman, and noted tho visions though they woto p,bqtjjgrftp.hod so clearly on mybmin that to transcribe then) sejeined BupprHi)qui|. Watch ingm'o fiigerly the gipsy desired in'e'to -show her what I had written. Sho' rood it thon bado nio detail tjiofaots as' I knQNV'thoin; Thinking a inoment shv tliQirsaid. ' 'If tliQ twq gcntlo meii were' SW.'C(1 froiii tlij) sliinwrfick thq quo in wlipniiyouTcql iiif iijterost iff iij diiiigur as' long as no tidings are heavd of tho otlior. MrStrath eamnmy bo hiding in' the fear of an aecusii tion , of murder which tho newspapers stated \vquld havi) liqen h).'biigl|t iigaiijat liiin lnul ho escaped alivoi? flforo slip qeranio thoughtful and paced tlio limited area of tho diminutivo tent. 'But' I said 'surely, surely if Mothven is alive ho will not remain hidden.' 'Tis hard to tell. Had ho much to gain by ii!vaalii)g tlio fi\ct of his rescue ?' 'Suroly no man would ullow hlmgQlf willingly to be falsely numbered with tho dead. 'Tin impossible.' 'Tis not impossible' the secrcss said excitedly. ' Wns ho not in difficulties ?' I started and a now light -seemed to dawn upon inc. 'Ah, now I begin to understand. Yes, I hoard he had calculated on the death of his aunt, had borrowed money on' the strength of her fortune, and was in great straits when ho -found that not to him had been left Miss Methven's great wealth. I hoard that he was in daily danger of arrest and had already striven unsuccessfully to fly the country.' 'You have stated reasons sufficient and to spare ' tho gipsy cried triumphantly. ' This wreck, this accident occurred most fortunately for one at least of those who wove on board tire yacht. Yet there is another reason for his scheme, do you not divine it ?' Puzzled and yet trusting in tho strange woman's weird knowlodgo I gavo an eager sign iu tho negative, ' llovengo ' sho said in answov to my sign ' Rovdngo could cause Mr Mothvon's silence as well as his emliarrass inonts would force it. As long us ho is sup posed 'to be dead Mr Strathcarn lies under the lure' of a torriblo accusation and tlio punish ineiitduo to a capital offence threatens his life, Methvcii, remember, according to your. dream, your vision, or your second sight, saw- that Strnthcarn was rescued, but the latter know not that Methven escaped. Can you not imagine that learning the fact that Mr Strath piirn was blanied for the accident, J{etlivo« uluctod to tako full and grim revenge on his rival by pretending to bo dead. He is nut dead' sho added authoritatively. He is not dead nor is Mr Strathearu. ' But,' 1 said iu bewilderment, if be pretends to be dead it is as bad as if lie were iii reality for yon think that ' Edward,' here I blushed ' will be afraid to divulge his existence terrified lost he be dragged to an ignominious end ?' Such is my opinion and your aim — our ailii, for I mean to help you — must bo to bwng this Motlivcn back to life, to inako it worth his while tq acknowlodgo aliko his oxlstenco and his dobts,' ' We have no power to do that/; I cried in despair. 'What does the vision say, the- second vision ?' 'Ah!' I cried, a light bursting on me with sudden strength and brilliance. The will, the will hidden in the table. It was of later date than the deed that conferred Miss Methven's fortune 011 Kdward Strathearn. If we could only find that will, we should give Mr Meth: ven wealth ? v ? And Wing liim speedily baok to life,' the sooross answered with a smilo. 'Yes you havo touched tho right chord. Have you tlic strength to follow up tho clue I have given you, nnd obtain your lover by taking from him bis' wealth ?' Doubts again assailed ine, could I trust the mysterious pictures which were engraved on my mind by the will or black art of this woman. What interest had she in aiding inc. She was a charlatan, whose whole life was one long imposition and fraud, and yet the dreams could not be more coincidences. '* ?(?? ''?x~ My wavering thoughts soeni to. I|av6 been Vfiad by tl|q gjpsy ; '. 'Listen, site said, you still doubt ine. Undcistnnd that the iijd I give you is not' that which I extend to all. ? Long years ago, wheu you were a child, our band wandering then 11s wo wander now, camped in this very spot. I had a little girl, my own child, wlio was sick. Your mother had com passion on qnrh.iftd l(|t; tiho tvnatoit us not wjtli' tho contempt and HI nsago that wo received from the rest of the world, hilt with the greatest humanity succoured us in our time of need. My child she took from the tent pitched here amidst snow and carried to her own' house, where I was called to nurse her. Lady Morton saved my Kdith's life, and 11s I liover forgot nu injury, so do I over itdiicmbcr 1111 act of kindness, Do you trust mo now ?» I could not but trust her, I had often board hqr story f rom my mother, and like everything that she related concerning her, now gone, it liad IV saer.ed interest fc.r. H(O. I had often listened to tho talo of how the gipsy child was taken from the snow-surrounded touts, and saved , from a death that would have been caused by cold and hardships, more than disease. Yes, 1 could trust this woman now, and my heart bounded for joy as I reflected that after all my Edward lived, and though wandering in fear of detection might with my aid bo restored to happiness again. Greater pleasure could there not bo than to aid him to return safely, and bring, him iigaiu tq my 'side, As I fjtoqd in, the. tout, I resolved that if the'. power and resolution of a woman could accomplish his release from all his troubles I would save him. If you require help do not hesitate to send for me, if at any time you need my aid. You will always hear when I 11111 at the shop of Jacobs, the old Jew, whose address you will fiud written there,' and she handed me a slip of paper, 'My a'rt may aid you, yet liyirc. in the future, but much is left to yourself, and with you rests the power of saving him you love.' Tho path lay before 1110 rugged, and not clearly denned, but I determined to pursue it. Joy animated my breast as I took my way homeward, already was a plan of action vaguely formed in my mind, and I doubted not that if the dream was truol should succeed. To nhtiun, tho will, \yos the first /tiling, to. hirtoevtirytliiiig from the eager 'scrutiny' of my cousin, Rupert, was all important, and to strivo'to bring back Kdward my cliiofcst aim. And hero my heart almost failed me. .Nothing but a mysterious thonght, perhaps' a' reverie, taught mo that ho was Btill alive, and where was I to seek him, how mako swu/cli for ' ono whom tho law might claim as its just prey. At last I determined to prosecute- my ? search for tho will, first, when that was found. James Mothven ' might Ixj brought back, and ; Edward found without danger to himself, i Some days afterwards I rodo over to Mcth Ivcii Hair to pay an q^stensiblo yiait to tlio hqusokoopoiy who hod beoii 'foi1 ' inaiiy years in I the service of our family, boforo sho went to Miss Methven. Going through tho different rooms I easily led her to talk of the changes that had taken plaeosinco' her mistress's death. At length wo arrived at a room that caused iny heart to beat as I entered it, for I recognised the apartment in which I l(ads.et.n tlio fpvto of thq deceased lady of.' ?Jtothvoti1 Hall. Tho i room : wiis liot the same, alas thoro had been some changes wrought since Miss Jlothven's death, and among other alterations, tho table had l'won removed. ? ' Tho room looks odd to me, Mrs Lettoridgo, 'surely tho furniture lias bqoij disj^ceil.' ; ;Yqq liavq' sl'jar.p cy'«s; Miss JVtumie/ answered tho hqiisokoepor,',' looking a't':iriq in 'surprise. ! Vory'fo.w peppiq.-Syqidd i^qticp'tliiVl; ;tliq old fasljiqn'ed qlaw -fqqtc.d. ;tablq!aiVVivf-iw. other, things liavq bc.cn sont -'away by oixlor of poor Mr Stratliearii.' ' '? Has tho. old fashioned tablo been' sold, Mrs Lettcridgo ? I asked in as careless atoho as I could assume, 'I am sorry.'for I should have liked, alxnro all things, to l\ayp, botigbt jt My ? latest hobby, you ' muit ' kiioW, Is antiqiio furniture.'' - ????'? 1 'Dear me, how sorry I am, I thought it an ugly old thing, and agreed with MrStrafchenrn when he proposed to got sid of . You might, perhaps, got it yet, I can tell you t1w address' of tho dealer whq bought |(, i^ flliixliuiigli* E(o you know tho otea'ngo old. waa who BcllaaU I kinds of curios in a diiigy old shop in Helens street?' I nodded eagerly. ' Well he bought the table.' ; And so I was checked for the time. But not discouraged, for tlio sight of the room re vived the memory of my dream, and made it as real as I myself was. Uloxlmrgh lay some seven miles from Methven Hall, mid eager to complete my work 1 at once I mounted my horse again, and rpdo to the town at a pace that astonished the groom very much, jiloxhurgh reached, 1 sought out the old curiosity shop, as we used to call it, and found it. mid its owner, as dingy and re pulsive as ever. 1 explained my wish to see the old fashioned table ho bad 'lately bought, and in annwev be took mo into -m adjacent room, into which the strange goods had over flowed, 'Here in the table,' said old -Stephen Hexie, with a look of curiosity on his face, I I did not think that a buyer would come so soon for it; but' ho added, as if fearing to undervalue his goods, 'it is a rare old curiosity, and will foteh a long price in London, Are you not going .to sell it hero' 1 asked, 'chagrin and disappointment spreading ov-ir my features, not un watched by the lynx eyed lu'xio. 'I do not sell it here ho replied, for I hmighl, it as nu agent only, and not for mysolf.' 'That is a pity, for 1 have tiilton a fancy tn it.' 'Ah, then,' said Hoxie, gruflly, 'you will need to buy it at a London price, IV ipii.ivo made, arrangements, and it is sus good us wild. No, yaung lady,' lie said, a. suspicious look lowering on bis face, 'that table is not for sale. No certainly not for sale' 'I will pay you, Mr Hexie,' I pleaded, almost to the sordid looking wretch who glanced at me with a combination of dull suspicion anil avarice. I will pay well, and you could have bought it for no other pur pose, save to make a little money. ' It is not for sale,' the old man reiterated harshly. 'You gentry folk cannot gut every thing your own way.' Leaving tho shop, 1 was about to mount my horse, when a thought struck me. ' Where,' I asked, 'are you about to send this curiosity ?' 'To Mixton's, iu London, where you may buy it if you so desire. Then ho retired. A check again. I could only wait with as greitt patience as I could muster for the time when I could mako some effort to buy the table from Mixton, and going homo iu disappointment, I felt that my task was growing moro difficult than I had anticipated. Soon after entering the lionso a thought occurred' to, mo that 1 was, of all others, the porson loust qualified to buy the tablo, and I determined to seek the help oE the Gipsy Mym. Seizing a telegraph form, I ordered the servant to saddle another horse, and ride with my message into iiloxburgh. My mes sage to Myra, addressed to Jacob's in London, ran thus : — Buy tho table that will bo sent np from Hexio to ITixton, in Wardour-stroet. It contains what we spoko of. Receiving this, the groom was told to ride at once to towu aqd despatch it. He_ was not unobserved, as I learned after words/ for liupert bearing the man grumble at ' being ordered to town after riding about all day,' waylaid him, and questioned him with tho result of raising his curiosity. On the groom's return Rupert was again hanglngnbout tho stables, andjiaving beard that bo brought a letter for me, offorcd to convey It to me. Did ho knowtlui handwriting? I have sinco found (Hit |ho did. Did ho raid the letter ? I can only say that be w.s observed to visit his own room first before delivering it to me. When ho placed it in my hand thoro was a malevolent glance in his eye that I had learnt boded no good to me. He said nothing, Imw ever, and turned on hislioyj. How t trembled as I recognised thu woll-known characters of Kdwaui »tr.itiiearn's pen. Ktigerly seeking my room, I strove to make myself mistress of its contents, but must have been so nervous and excited that 1 always have since beJioved that I fainted. When. I recovered myself I wu,s able, to read the blessed words, which so strangely proved the veracity of my vision, for the epistle stated that Edward was in London in hiding, terrified, lest ho should be arrested for the rash blow that bo struck, yet willing to visk all for ' ono short glimpse of his Minuio's face.' He stated that he would meet 1110 at tlio Prince's Oak on the following Saturday, ami bade me be cautious lest I should divulge his presence. ? I liavo. seen/ concluded tho letter, ' a woiiym called Myni who fomul me in my poor. 'lodgings. She, states hor belief in the fact' that Methven Is still alive, but as she seems somewhat of a visionary I cannot believe her or relieve my anxiety, I can only hope it may bo true.' Such was thu letter which I received, and which gave 111c such great joy. The intuitive knowledge, the presenti ment, tho vision, cull it what you will, \vj\s confirmed, and I knew tl\at ho, wljaiu 1 loved was i\ot d-;ad luifc iiGiir- me. 1 knew that though living iu danger of a terrible ueeiun tion I lmd a prospect of saving him, and I was happy for does not a woman's greatest happi ness after all consist iu ministering to those slio loves. No cloud save one now rested on tho future of Edward Strathearn aud that I hoped would soon be removed fo.y. ever, 'l'hu danger he 11m in, cmiihig to sec 1110 was, I tliqiight, light,' for little disguise is required by 0110 who is supposed to be no longer alive. On tho day that 1 was to meet. Kdward 1 received intelligence from Myni. slating that that the covoted table had arrived iuLinidoi^, been bought by her aud found tn (:ohti*ni liotit-' ;ing. Mym expressed l\y; lntuiitio'u oL' visiting ; the Qlyi shortly and investigating with 1110 tho mystery. The secret drawer she stated had been discovered but not tlio will. My anxiety deepened unaccountably 11s tho timo approached for jny meeting with Edward, and slntngo fears winch I strovn in viuij to. throw niT disturbed me. At Wiigth 'wo mot. WJio'cau dtswliM tlio 'joy that we folt. Ho lulii fiub'ii' dead to mo as to tho whole world, and I never felt how much 1 loved uiitil I lost him. I showed him the scheme, I propounded for his return, and though ho had not tlio belief in the stnuigo powers of Myra that I now fully pos sessed, lie was very eager to soe tl\cn\ put. in practice. I found ll\a,t ho had no knowledge of M^th ven's re'simo, ami his owu oscii]kj was so rtai'TOw that ' all thought had been directed to keep himself afloat. Ho had been picked up by a French fishing boat and taken to France whero lie lay weak and ill for several days. When, his -recovered and mado his wiij frf^vth,^ quiiit village where ho l^dlajn sick to Paris; lie, rc'oi'l of thri shipwreck, qf.tLi) i bnpjwsed'dea.th,of him-' self, and, Melliv.oh amV the, fidl account o,f %),a 'dispute, aiid tho 'rash, blo.vj. ?' Hw-vuiti also tho ter.riblp'state.n^ejit'tlBt'ill- 110 liiid survived' he Would i\av,fi boon' hold rospoiisiblo for tho death of tlio' young man who had so bitterly tried his patience. And then ho determined perhaps unwisely ho 'thought afterwards, not to i\jin'}-iu\ but to flco from the disgrace-; of, a, ^juii'trpil and. n ciipitul pmi.isluu.en,t. Uyeweoalnig1 his identity. Ti\« siiriious consequences Involved w ! tl\is-l stop ha confessod ho did not realise until it was too lato to draw back,1 and' till ho inet Myra. his lifo had been a truly- wretched onel Hunted by his own imagination far, nioro, than real dangoiyho lmd'snffcrOu vory.'seycorcity indeed, nnd was monj %-n, punfsj\ed for tho hnsty o^thm'st qf'passian which had then fol iMvoo 1'iiy euoh a train of disasters. I could sco that Edward's hopo'oad his beli«£ that, his troubles would end were not great, but I bad not time to Ray niucb for ore long there was a fatal interruption to our meeting. Suddenly as. we wove talking we heard foot steps ..approaching, .aiid, quickly alarmed, I implored. Kdward to (Ice. , It was too late, for on turning be found himself surninudcd by a number of men among whom 1 noticed my cousin Kupert. ' There is the man ' stilted my cousin pointing to Edward. ' Ho is disguised but I identify him. Officers do your duty aud arrest him.' Kdward made 110 attempt to es cape, but quiel.ly obeyed the police who made him prisoner on a charge of being concerned iii the death of James Metheveii. Thu twq sea men stopped fonvur.l iinil identified him iih their sometime master, and T ; what could a poor weak .woman do save fall into a swoon, and so I became unconscious of my misery. When 1 recovered consciousness I fomul my cousin Kupert bciiiliiig over mu moistening my lips with the contents of a brandy flask ami chilling my bauds. AVlien lie saw 1 hud re covered my senses he drew buck. And I, I sluggcrcd to my feet to lice from tho inun whose treachery I now saw plainly had lod to tlio arrest of poor Kdward. So spoke I in my passion ik'lrating tlm sight oL' one who had so wronged III 11 1 1 loved, bad so wronged me. 'M'ninif'' said 'Hupcrt Ituxtoii in a quiet voice, you must forget that man. Ho will sfum lie urniiirnftl on tl capital charge and if ? haiiffi'd 'ill In- vinisigiiud In the degrading ciiiiijMiiinusbip i-l' tVkms. You must forget him. Your father is determined Unit your marriage with nu; shall Isiko pliicis vt;ry shortly in order (.but yon and your family imiy In; saved the disgrace which your, iiiifortuiuitc.'fuucy for Ibis follow has iicisKionoil. Von .':?„,«? tin strength of will Sir Hasil ]hisw.sscs. Wiiy not strive to accustom yourself to tlio inevitable and forgot this mini. Imagine tin: disgrace of being dniggud into this trial. Consider un: too, Minnie, and romombvr bow 1 liavo loved .you since iny boyhood and thus deserve some iittlc love in return.' ?Go, I. said facing him, overcoming the strange power which I always felt lay in bis flashing dark eye. 'Go'. I said, and leave me 1 prefer the grave to your alliance.' How I got hmnu 1 know not, but when I reached the bouse 1 found iny father looking very stern. He took me into bis library and regarding me with a cold quiet look of in tense determination he said, 'Minnie, you have disgraced me :is well as yourself. I have con sidered well what reparation you can yet make to avert in some degree the contumely that will fall upon our family. You must niarrv liupert without delay.' ' No father ' I shrieked ' I can die, but never marry that man.' 'You may die possibly, but not I hope until you have become your cousin's wife' and so saying he left me and went bis way. Sir liasil's wrath was tevi-ible. It was cold and remorseless, aud furred by its suppressed power every out- to his wishes. 1 was weak of will I knew, and I leaved lest the pressure ol' father and cousin would prove too much for mo, and so I determined to lloe. Then death began to .wear a pleasant aspect and in what f suppose was a half delirious state I -began the fatal arguments with which the suicide justifies a broach of the 'canon 'gainst solf-slnughter.' Tlio world seemed filled but with misery, the grave a quiet place of repose where grief was not ' whore silence spread the couch of over lasting' rest.1 1 shudder now at the terrible jiliii.su my mind took ; tlio power of reasoning aright seemed lost, and the strength— tho pre vented strength of my brain sremed turned to find arguments in favor of immediate death, 'Edward' I .thought will soon follow me. '1 cannot live without him, and so I go but before to meet him perhaps iu that laud where justice is unshackled by human weakness, uv tampered by huimin crime.' Th,u tmi-itcrlaiid between insanity aud sanity h a mysterious region ill defined unrt reason is warped to most :v(iiii- issues sometimes. At last my meditation was brought to a close and I rose determined to accomplish my purpose; Gently making my way downstairs for severity Uru't not yet descended to bolts nnd bars, 1 ict't the house, and sped unheard and uniuiticed'save by the old watchdog Hector, who looked wistfully in my 1'iice us 1 juissod him on his rounds, ami who, after soniu canine cogitations followed inc. Striving- to scold him 'uwny i found bi- would not leave 1110, and so, jiev force 1 lot him accompany me, Sinking my way down the avenue. Kcotuv darted suddenly fn-m 1110 at a point about a quarter of .a mile from the bouse and rushing into a plantation that bordered the drive gave an eager low bark. Thou was heard a muttered curso anil a cry for help. I nyidc' towards the sound for all fear spc-mwl dead \\\i me. In the path that ran tlu'nugh thu plan tation I found HLctor- standing over the reemnbiJit figure of a man who bo had pinned tq the, ground. In the state I was then, it .seemed only natural for me to call Hector off and allow the man to rise. How much I have often thought since depended on my mooting. Hector anil on bis following me. - \\\\*-lvit are you doing here ' I asked yi-.'n-ty» knowing' 1 addressed a poacher, j«it foaving'no violence ' what are, yi;U duiitg hero.' 'All, you are Miss Morton' tho fellow cried out suddenly in a relieved voice. 'Call off the dog for Heavens sake, ho has torn my thrwit.' ' What can you liavo to say to inn ?,' ^ asked ' Why should I call oil' lUu dogV ' You uro .poaching.' 'I iiii\ ye.iting u dinner' the follow answered inUfconiWlmt morose tone then suddenly. 'Oh, Miss .Merlon, you do not know mo but I know you. .1 am a gipsy, 0110 of the' tribe that Myra rules over. Sho is now on tho common -Vid desires to see you so eagerly.' 'Mym here' I oxcluiuu-d. 'Take- mo to her at once. Ah! sU.o.iv.ill .help me.' '.Coma then ' ho answered, and going a littlo apart ho returned with his gun which it was well for Hector ho hod laid asido for a moment ' Follow mo.' ' . . . And so I and Hector,. the latter with'nyiny a growl sped after tho gipsy who, seemed' eager to get outside tlio btSimftw jf at' tho estate. Wo soon reached, the. common where tho gipsy touts wci'p pitched, and here I found Myra. She 1 started, when sho saw my companion and re proached him fiercely when sho observed the gun ? in his hand, then ns I canio within the glare of the .fire she gave, a cry of astoAiislijiJjC'nt ? and pleasure and dragged me. lylthju tho tout. Not long did it tnfciv to, tell wy-Btory, luuVinnuh pity uiul : uwny, promises, of aid did I obtain. '?*, nivvo .coiis'tdero! our position' sho said, 'and .have \V\ d.roibt tliat the will was in the tatjlo' (hen. with a smile. fThe intelligence never lies.' - ? . ?Where is it now ? Oh, Myni, wVero is it now !' I cried 'though- indeed, it iijattevj not to' us to know for it is t(iq late..^ ' 'V ; ':' 'It niattcrH oy,ei;thrag to know ' 'sho -'cried impoviouf l,y'. '? it®. HJ. 'avo obtain ' 'tlio' 'will and MjClh.YOU socs that it has boon f onmlj thoii before any jcn'tastroplio can happenilio'wiH-como to claim his heritage.' ,'':??? ' -'.Yes if hois aliv'o' I uttered the. wotda dole f»u.y-, .?'-.? ' ? ??? ...- ?'. . ' .'.-???? ' ? l!Uo you doubt it, g- Bo you doubt mo ?' sho iuikpd rop,voftchii»%, f after nil you have seen.' TUoa ' suildonly ' Where wero you going Miss Morton when you , mot Rudolph ?' 'Going to dip'X answered quietly. She started, looked at mo keenly) then said quietly ' I believe it.' Then going to a ciip boai'd sho brought forth a suiull bottlo uud poured some of its contents into n glass 'Drihk this' sho said giving it to. me ' poor child yoii look ill' I obeyed. her. and. soon felt better. My brain became clear and I, regained the rtso of my judgment which I know now had been temporarily [suspended. ,. 'Wo must find tho' will '-said Myra af tor; a pause. that is.. yon must iind it, for you know it all rests with you Miss Morton.- You, have tlic power of seeing things :.tliat .are closed to tlio eyes of but a few mortiiis. I possess I' tlio kuowledgu only to direct you.'' . ,'. ,-—''i. And tlicii she mado. some: mysterious signs and bado me look. . Soon there ? dawned- upon my brain a picture. It ,was the shop of- old Hexie. I saw liiin perusing .eagerly., a document which 1 know to be the much sought.for will. . I heard his rayeu chucklo.as he, gloated over its contents, 1 heard him mutter, 'this' is worth money, worth money. Ah, ndwl kuqw^yhy Miss Morton wished to buy it.' .A moment afterwards tho mind picture faded frqm.mo unit I opened my. eyes to find Myni joyfully regarding 1110. 'The difficulty is , now. solved, the labor almost finished, tho skeim nearly-uii-. ravelled. I fortunately have power to ; ioiiipej Huxie to obey me. Wo soon! shall liave the deed.' ...... :.. -...'. .'- '. -,-?.., Calling to Kudolph who quickly. obeyed ;hcr summons she said. 'You liavo disobeyed me. to-night, do not do so again or if you 'do you- ??' -. ? ..».- will never more bo of, this tribe.' The 'man looked repentant and vowed obedience pro-, uiising to follow bur instructions implicitly. ;; ' 'Go' sbu siiid in a coiimiauding vdicpifGo and bring Hoxic to me. Tell him. Myiii ,tho (laughter of TUola orders his attendance. Tell him her powur is no less than her mother's^ ?'- (i!ve him this ring and bid him come.' . So ? snyiitgiilic handed liiiiiaringw-hich she toqkoff her linger and gave it to the messenger Who i n 'wed and swiftly vanished from our view. I watched with wonder the . control this wandering ehieftainess of a vagabond 'crew-, seemed to wield over her subjects. Therein sin almost sqimlid tent 1 saw royalty 'imitated in a manner that, sippitired very strange' aiid which joined to the supernatural ppweV'the gipsy queen possessed niude lior an object of ivwetoiiic. In the realms of a modern coiistitn'; tional sovereign was a despot ruling her little) ? circle with, unquestioned sway and tracing her descent from a source beside wliicli Uie Giiolplis or the Hoheiizollcnuis were but of yesterday. Time passed, and passed with heavy weighted feet. The tent curtain had maiiy times been raised and a listening ears aiid eager cyos sought for thu return qf the mes senger. At length the gipsy queen gave it sigh of relief and said 'They, come' and soon afterwards my loss perfectly trained oigaus hourd the noise of footsteps aiid 'in a few minutes Itudolph and his companion, appeared. Hexio looked subdued and scared. He cast glances ever and anon at the lingo :gipsy whoi watched his every movement with the greatest' ?vigiliiiice nor s'eumed willing to leave him alone insiilo the tout. ' ':.'. '.., . ,..:.,,- ' You have done well to obey' my wnamands '; said Myra in a haughty and stern voice. Had '' you not obeyed your queen tlm officers of fift' ?. -''? law would have been thundering at your door- ' iu the morning.* ' ..--.. ' I ncknowlwlgo your power and that of the ring, Mym' said Hexie iu a subdued, voice ' what avo your commands.' .-. ? ' \- Y011 have a will which you obtained dis honestly from a table you did- buy, and which you refused to sell to this, youn' lady. I desire the will, I must haw it.' ? ?? Hexie started as lie turned and saw mivnmt his face grew wdo with mingled fear ami ra^e: 'I bought it j it is mine' he answewdsulleuly n^tw a long pause. 'I did not buy it nnd it slwlt tjecomo.'inine1 answered Mym calmly, directing a'look of power at the man cringing before her*. ? Scndl for it at once or take the consequences'.' Then she spoke rapidly and vehemently -in a foreign, and to \\\vj unknown language. Hexio listened ii'A'1 at length seemed quite subdned for reply ing 111 the same tongue he held out a key to the gipsy which sho took coldly from him with signs of displeasure on. her countenance and; handed to Uandolph saying : ? Seek this jmrn's hnusc- again ami bring thence the document yon- will find there. Koinoniber tftiit you db your mission honestly and writ else iny ven goancc will surely ovortakti you.' - '. ? ? Promising obetlienctv Kudolpl, departed, but not beiore a co»,vcrsatVoii in tho urikriomt tongue was again resumed. Motioning Hexfe to sit down on a rug in a corner of the ?tenfc Mym turned to me and spoke cheerfully of tlio happy result which niight no\t he anttcipa tcu* '?????' Swifter was the retuna of the messenger than npon tho ' previous o«cnBion, and he soon regained tho an.x.iius .group in the tent. He bore m his, hand tho will. Myra hastily seized & looked at it, read it carefully, then nan.a it to uio. 'Examine the dates irell ? vox will seo that tho will is of a later dato'than tho one under which Mr Stnithoarn succeeded, to the estate of Miss Mctbven.' ? ' I took it and fwnul it as she said. 'And! now Hexie, turning to tlio old man Myra said you can g»» Seo and amend your evil ways or fGi» will find that justice will overtake voa suddenly eome day.' . Kndolph also retired and we- wore left alono. rhon Myra said ' You* tVturo Miss Morton.' Call mo Minnie*' I interrupted. 'Well,.'. Minnie, your iuiarV said Myra with a smile-,, concerns ua now. I do not know what yots should do. To so home again would iu some ways bo the best, but thoro you would besnbjea ted to tho tortures which your cousin's, efforts to force you to a speedy marriage would cause you. I should ask you to stay with me, but if wo 'remained hero you would eventually be discovered, probably before another day had! run its course* and if wo flod. suspicion would! moro s.trongly bo directed to us. Tho ginsiea receive Bcant coromony at tho hands, of juatveo here. , I pondered for a moment I wonM not ro turnhoiuc. That I wi» determined on- nor could I deny tho teath of Myrns assertions. At length I thought of my aunt, my mother*!* sister who. would, I know, protect me ugainsfc' all, even Sir Basil. To her I would goandl / leave Myra to tako action withMisaMeth-»en.*B lawyer in Bloxburgh, who I lWOw also acted for my aunt Mrs Snxtou, 'You may depend Mhmio that before to morrow s sun is \v*lh ujjou tho horizon aa«r. tisoments will hn, carried to many a ioarnaL One of ihoia Methven will seo nnd then I do noli judge tho man aright if heisnotbert soon- to claim his own, and acknowledge tbo fact; that ho exists 'so saying Myra cordially' took iny hand adding in a low voice 'How- glad I nm to pay siy heavy debt to your mother.' ? How con I go to Mrs Siviton, however,' cried I in alurui after n pause, starting to my feet. 'Pis ten good miles from hci-o and the morning is already hero. Soon my flight from homo will bo discovered and then an eagor search will bo mado for mo. Hiiro among the first places.' ' You must leave at once; Rudolph will saddlo a pony for you, tlieio j's yet 0110 hoar o£ ' darkness left and you liavo timo by riding' fast to_ reach your protector's house boforo an alarm is raiscil, or you are observed.' ' ' You aro ri^'lit nsyou always aro Myra, and now for my flight.' My hostesa ueeing that' I ?was eager tot bo gone gavo ordors, and in a few moments Rudolph brought round two ponies. Mounting in haste, Myra and I startod.and with acavco a word of conversation roda at a gallop to Bandon Lodgo tho resi dence of Mrs Saxton. The ponies though thoy looked rough could do thoir work well, and seemed to spring through tho darkness with tho speed of phantom horses. A strango weird rido ucross tho country waa this of two women mounted on a couple of unkempt gipay steeds, and if any ono saw us wo must have beeu taken for tho spirits of some unresting hun ? tresses of bygono times. At length tho ' journey was over, and we draw up at the door of Bandon Lodge just as the dawn began to tinge tho distant hills with crimson and gold as it heralded the appronch oE the rising sun. The house was soon alarmed and my aunt appeared, a.nd viewing us through a window demanded in a voice that vainly appeared to be manly, what we desired. A word from mo evoked an expression of intense astonishment, and in a few moments I was in my aunt's arms whilo eager questions and exclamations of sur prise greeted me. Turning her horse Myrn, who had not dis mounted said ' Good-bye ; we shall not move from the common, and everything will be arranged as you desire. Stay hero till I com municate with you ' and with a graceful bow to my aunt the gipsy queen shiok the reins and sped on lier return journey at as great a speed as she bad come. 'What mystery is this Minnie? Who is that woman, and whence come you ?' were tho questions that wore eagerly puured upon mo as my aunt led the way into the house. It did not take long to satisfy her, and many were tbe words of compassion and sympathy I re ceived as I told my tale. When I had con cluded, my aunt pressed me warmly to her bosom vowing that no power should take me from her roof. ' Your father and I have had more than 0119 sbarp contest' she remarked grimly, 'and he has not always come off con querer. How old are you child ?' Starting at the abrupt question I answered after a moment, ' twenty-one, but a month ago ~- ? '~Bant.' ' Ah then oven your father's power bas no right to take you from my roof. Best hero child in peace knowing that as long as Jano Saxton lives you will be protected.' More than once ray aunt bade me repeat my frtory, and seemed to ponder on it much. 'There is a great deal of mystery which I cannot un ) derstand, Minnie,' she said, ' and I wish your tawdry gipsy queen had loss to do with tho affair. Well, well' she continnod iu answer to an expostulation from me, ' I know that she has. helped you, but I do not understand this second sight business, though to be sure Shakespcaro tells us ' there is moro in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy.' I must confess, however, I prefer the advice of a lawyer to anything supernatural, and I shall take tho opinion of Mr Tape to-morrow'; then pacing up and down the room, the strong minded woman thought the points of the case logically to lier satisfaction, and then said, ?Well chiW, in spite of hor vagaries your gipsy has n, power of reasoning to good conclusions that is admirable, and seldom found in a '?woman. After all, her suggestion are good, and worthy of every attention. Mr Tape him self conld not have given better adviee. But the dreams, I do not understand the dreams.' Then suddenly she started to her feet. 'Bless ray soul, child I forgot you had not slept all night. Get to bed, get to bed at once/ and so my heart at ease, In as bundled ?without ceremony to seek the repose I sorely needed. My sleep was peaceful, and my dreams happy, and nrhon I awoke, I was impressed with tho idea that all would go well. I had howovsr, no time to devote myself to day dreams, for my aunt sent a message telling mo that Mr Tape was with her, and he desired to seo me. Going down stairs, I found myself in the presence of a parchment-like little man, who seemed all mummy save his brght shrewd eyes, which pierced through one like gimlets. He had been made acquainted with the facts of the case, and though he firmly refused to admit the dreams as evi dence, he could not dispute the reality of the will, its loss, and its discovery. He was dis posed, however, to link the deed with the gipsies in a manner that partook more of the felonious than tbe supernatural, but like an able j*lawyer, he was in no way inclined to refuse any assistance, that would aid him in a client's cause. His opinion was that the latest testament of Miss Slethven should at once be made public, and her nephew advertised for immediately He informed me that he had a visit from Myra, and said that while he was afraid her second sight would not possess much weight in a court of justice, her unbounded influence might be of infinite service in the search for Methven. ' But will he be found in time to save Ed trard ?' I asked in the greatest auxiety. 'Ohyes.Ihope so, for if the gipsies know as I suspect they do, where the supposed dead man is hidden, it will not be long before Methven is made acquainted with hU good fortune.' ' Bnt poor Ned', I urged Tie is in gaol, and may die there' if he is not sustained by hope.' ' True he is now in prison, but let us hope that before long he will be at large, an innocent and a poor man,' and then his voice softened wonderfully, and the sharp eyes grew mild for a moment as he said ' but that will muko n» difference to you Miss Merton. I suppose by the bye,' he added 'that gipsy queen of yours desires to see you. Can you pay her a visit. She Beeins to have something of importance to tell, though she would not divulge it to her lawyer.' ' Ifes, I must go at once,' I cried, and Mr Tape you must gain mo admittance to the prison where Edward is confined.' ' That I can promise,' he added heartily. ' Call at my office when you go into Bloxburgh and I will take you there.' Soon after Mr Tape left, and my aunt informed me that she had received a visit early that morning from ray father, who seemed to have ascertained where I had fled. Sir Basil had, however, been amenablo to reason, and seemed startled at tho unpleasant truths which my aunt favored him with. After loug argu ment, ho agreed that I should remain at Bun don Lodge for some time iu the care of Mrs Saxton. ' He acceded, my dear, more because he could not help himself than for any other reason. How savage that cousin of yours looked as ho heard Sir Basil agree to leave you [ in my charge. I hate that man, and feel . assured that tho antipathy is cordially re ? turned.' ' ' Thon I am free to visit Myra and Edward,' I cried joyfully. 'Freo as air,' my aunt returned with1 a smile. In a very short time I found myself in Myra's tent, and as I gazed upon her face I ' knew thatthe intelligence sho had to impart was of the happiest. . ' Ah, you havo good news for me,' I cried as -. I saw her beaming face. 'Do you believo in my power,' sho asked in return, smiling. ' Oil yes,' I cried, 'I do indeed, but toll mo ITyra. Havo you discovered anything ?' ' Well, listen. Aa I rode home after escorting you to Bandon Lodge early this morning I thought of the will and Hexie's motivo in hiding it and gradually there grow upon mo the conviction that the old man had a stronger reason than wo suspected for concealing tho will. If \ho did not know that Mothvcn was alive, ho would hardly seek to gain posses sion of a deed that is valueless if Mothvon is dead. So I\paid him a visit and rousing him from his\rcst I threatened and cajolod him' by turns\ until I succeeded in learning what I wished, wethven is alivo and in Lon don ? Ah, yOU ar^i ill. I have told tho news too suddenly.' \ , , ... ' Oh no, 'tis bnt a passing weakness and will ooon bo gone. Como Myra, como to Mr Tapo at oneo,' and so saying\l carried liar with mo to. tho Iawer'o ofllceA There tho i/tory was FflhtoO. and Mr Topo bariwy Bought un mtor. f\ ? .—? ? : ? A ? view with Hoxio determined to go to London at once. ' Tako mo with yon ' I ptaiilod for now, T sUall not sock Edirard until I can bring him good tidings.' And so Mr Tape and I attended by ITexie started for the capital at once. Arriving there wo were driven under tho guidance of the old man to one of the poorest localities of the cast end. Hoxic — assured that the discovery of tho will wonld now turn to his advantage had made no difficulty in tolling us how lie ascertained that Methxctt was alive. In ona of the many excursions to London when prow ling about in search of curiosities which he bought from sailors he had mot a man who was an object at once of pity and suspicion to the associates by whom he was surrounded. With all the evidence of superior birth he per. sistetl mysteriously in evading all inquiries concerning himself while ho devoted all his attention to tho consumption of alcohol. Hexie, seeking a sailor, who had soino valu able foreign curios for snlo, was led into the midst of a company, where ' the gentle man' as he was called, sat drinking with his comrades, and was gravely introduced by his seafaring friend, as the old swindler Hexie from Bloxbnrgh, who. could buy anything that ho could get below its value. Methven started at the name, and not long afterwards drew the old man aside, and asked him in a drunken whisper, if ho knew who lived at Methven Hall now. An answer in the nega tive, drew forth a chuckle from his questioner, who after some vain attempts to keep his secret, acknowledged who ho was, and boasted with a cunning leer, that if he had been robbed of the estate, Strathearn would never enjoy it ; and so Hexie had travelled home with the knowledge that Methven was alive. His course of action had not been determined upon, when I sought to buy the table from him, and my. manner showing an eagerness that (seemed unaccountable, his suspicions were aroused, and a search eventually led, in his skilful hands, to the discovery of the will. This ho would have taken to London at the first opportunity, and sold at its highest value to Methven, had not the power of Myra intervened, and given matters a very different complexion for Mr, Hexie. We soon arrived at the ' Sailor's Best,' and Mr. Tapo going in, called for us. Then we beheld tho man who was the rightful owner of Methven Hall. But how changed from the last time I saw him, debauchery had left its fatal mark upon him, and ho appeared a wretched creature, miserable, and trembling with excitement, only half realising that a fortunate change had taken place in his con dition. Mr. Tapo looked at him with disgust and aversion, and in answer to some rambling boast, said very sternly ' It is well that you have been disco%'ered, before Mr. Stratheirn suffered more than he has done, for your con duct might be found well worthy of heavy punishment.' 'Yes,' cried the wretched being, I knew what I was about. It would have been glorious to have seen Strathearn hanged for my murder, would it not ?' ' Pah !' ejaculated the old lawyer in dis gust. ' Lot us take him away, and get him identified speedily, and then escape from his degrading society. 'Ah, but you can't keep Methven Hall from me,' Methven cried revengefully, and Strathearn is a beggar. That is pleasant.' - 'Let us go,' said Mr Tape. I do not wonder now that Mr Strathearn struck such a being us this ; had I been in the yacht, I should have pushed him overboard, and held him under the water until he learned civility.' Can I express my happiness at the success ful termination iof all ray efforts to save Edward ? No, I feel that to attempt to reduce to words my joyful emotions would only lead to failure. I ask you to imagine them. We travelled Hastily through liencton, accom panied by Mr Methven, to whom the lawyer clung with tenacity and disgust. Arrived at Bloxburgh, means were taken to make the authorities acqnainted with* the facts of the case, and Edward Strathearn was released at once. I went to his place of confinement, and told him the glorions news myself, told him that Methven was found, that tbe estate which he had considered his now no longer belonged to him. As I said this he placed his arms round me, and asked if I belonged to him. What could I say but ?yes.'' My father heard the intelligence with in tense surprise. He listened to the story of my search, and his heart was touched. Turning to Rupert Roxton, who stood with lowering face, black with rage and disappoint ment, he said 'The fates are against you nephew. The love that you thought micht in time be yours, belongs to another. You must submit as I do to the inevitable.' ' Xever,' cried Rupert, and rushing out he took horse and rode home. Thence he de parted on a hunting excursion to South Africa where it if to be hoped he is more successful in chase of eame than he was in his love quest here. I could not pity him for he did me great wrong. Merry Christmas came with all its full laden pleasures in the midst of my happiness, and aa the day approached so did my marriage come nearer. It was an old English Christ mas, snow lay deep upon the ground and the pure white carpet spread far as the eye could reach. The trees were laden with Bnoir instead of fruit, and the clear keen air redoubled tbe comforts of the yule log fire. The village kept high holiday for the day, and prepared to do honor to my marriage. Strange guests in the shape of Myra, faithful, generous, shrewd, Myra, and her gypsy subjects came to the wedding and were made welcome by the farmers who had oftentimes vowed vengeance against them for the disappearance of barn yard stock. A large and happy company filled the Glen, and busy preparations were made for Christmas and my marriage. My father had become thoroughly reconclied to Edward as a son-in- law, and now was as much delighted with the choice I bad made as he was formerly opposed to it. Here, too, was Aunt Saxton who took the entiro credit of overcoming Sir Basil's scruples to hcreelf. Myra the gipsy queen was beside me, and is beside me now. She has abdicated her throne and stays at the Glen where ray father, my husband and 1 reside in happiness. Her sub jects tired perhaps of their roving lifo have, many of them, become useful memkera of society and are settled on the estate. Edward is beside mo and I am happy in his love. Happiness, tho historian? tell us has no history. Therefore mine ended with mv marriage on Christmas Day. 