ARRIVAL OF THE am, J. B. PATTERSON. AN INTERESTING INTERVIEW. MEN MANNERS AND MATTERS FOCUSSED. A drizzling rain nnd a lowering sky wcro tbo piincipttl charaotoiistioa of onrly morning at QueouecliU today, Still that was not suflloient to dolor that gay bridegroom, tho llov Dr Bromby, from taking r.n onrly'/morning htroll down to tho pier. Tho Rov. Dootor, hi.wivcr, intororricg ns ho partioulaily is at preeeut, wm uot tho obj'ct of tho critics nt- teution. A look neawardB in oxpeoUtion cf tbo nppearanco of that grand ooonn trnvcraer, tho Orient, wao mora to tho purpeno ; but it was dhmpiioiaticg to dtecovor that eho was not jet in eight, and mill more disappointing, on inquiry ct tho lighthouse, to find nothing was yet known of her. It has bson truly snid that all things coino to bini wh<i can wait, end the etatoly Oriont in due couuo made hor appearnncg on tbo horizon, Atd the wbito wing of tho pilot rohoonor wero soon to bcur down upon her. Her throbbing engiooB, it is to bo proeumod, ceased thoir troublh for ntims but soon v/cro in hearty labour ogam tho boarding of tbo pilot being but a matter ot n low mimitos A littlo after eight o'oloolc tha Orient was in tho dreaded Rip, By this Cimo tho olouds bad cleared nnd tbo mcruicg gave promiso of a glorious day, Mounticg Iho gangway and stepping oa deck, tho visitois wero confronted by n crowd of ccper faces, tho owners of whioli woro not ungrateful for tho recoipt of Liters and tiowapapcrF, thus early conveyed on beard. Our Rsprosontativo howover, was intent on rrrowing ncqunintoco withonopaesocgeronly— thohouJ IkFattersoo. This gentlemau roturnod by tho Orient aftor a lengthy viit to tho old country, and it was df sired to learn bis views on men, manners and matters, colonial, English and oi-utlrontal. Mr PAttorson was quickly discovered on tho hurricane deck, smoking tho cigar ot contentment, aud looking as halo, as hearty and aa free, as oasy, and as accessible as over. After euit- ablo congratulations, Mr Patlorgon was informed that doubtless tho pablio would liko to know what ho had seen, what ho had heard, and what bo thonght on public matters after his trip, and that ThkIIkram) was anxiouB to givo first pnblioity to all bo oonld Bay, With a gonial franknoss tho Bohior mcrobor for OaBtteirudao admitted ho h&rdly; thought tbla fair to him, sa bo would havo to addiusB many gatherings of friends and supporters, but still with much obligingness ho entered into an interesting coaveitation, tbo gist of whioh it ii oar purpoeo to supply our readers with, THE TRIP. " Yes," said Mr Patterson, " wo havo bad a mighty plonsant trip. Tho weather haa bson glorious, On tbo voyage out t lie Bay of Biscay was like a mill pond, aud, atrango, to sy, tho wout weather wo had was at tbo equator, Tbero wo had to wear ovorooats, Ccok, tho touii6t maungor, cnnio with us to Egypt, nnd I, with a mimb;r of other psrsongorp. left tho enip at Port .Slid , and went to Cairo, rr joining tho ship at Su(z. Cook waa out to suporiotond seme of tbo f r<aocpmentB ooiinooted with tbo Expediticn up tho Nile. I saw aomothing of tbo Kniptiaus and I don t think much of them, 0 ho ncoommodation and attention on board tho Orient vohsbIb are fairly good. I wont home in tbo Liguria Tho voyage oould ba shortened by fully a week with vossols of tho power of tbo Oricti. They dawdle abog at 280 or 300 knota a diy, and nrs qnilo able to do 350 knot?. Woll, my idea as to tho reason io that tho oompanice havo in view tha terms whioh may bs impure 1 by the colonial Governmentein any faturo con tracts, LOVELY ENGLAND- It it thirty-two years sinco I left England as a boy, and all was now to mo whoa 1 got baok. I suppose it is that I was not oapablo of proper observation when I left. It is a stupendous country. Everything gives ono the idea of Us maBsivonoea, It is simply lovely out 9J tho oitiop. I arrived there in February, and all tbo time it was evi rgrecn, London is of oonrso its great wouder. It is increas ing at an astonishing rate overy years Lit peoplo say what thoy may, you oannot but fcoU when you see England, that after all it is tha great power of tho woild, lis wealth is prodigious, aud iB apparent to everyone, The founda tion of this is its cool, ite iron, its manufactures its commons. Bidas all this people from all countries know th?y ouu livo in tccurity in England, and there is ootafideuoo in it accordingly! SOCIAL CONDITIONS. There is not so muoh poverty in EngUnd as I expected, or at lcait I did not see it, Still tho working men ot Victoria are in a paradise compared to those ot England. They work vory muoh shoitar hour', aud in every way their position is bitter. As an agricultural country England is givirg np the ghost, Agriculture oannot or is not made to pay. Its great food mpp'ies aro nearly all foreign. Tho wo&Ithy; olarses want tho land for ornamental purposes, and buy it at pricas on which thoy oannot get ono p-r oiut. Thay turn it ioto parks or sometbiog of that sort, Tho English agricultural lab rer duos not seem to me to have any ambition to better bis condition. Ho is a vegitabe, and grows on tho ost&te; liko any other vegetable. Yes ; ho is satisfied with the state nntc whioh God has called bim and fho clergymen ovory woek instructed perhaps, by tbo squire, teaches lum that ho should bo thaukful tha1; God allows him to work from four in the morning until soven or eight in tho ovouiog. Ho gees homn, thankful it Ibso— io fact ho seems ihfltklnl he is allowed to Kvo at .ill. I oMild not butbo stiuck by tho respect or civility of pooplo in England, Thero aro uo larrikins, as wo undont&rd; them, or I did not boo thoiu, By tho way iu speaking of Kcplieh agriculture I cught to have remembered tho old story of ths town man invited to enjoy himself at a fftimbome. At breakfast ho asked for ham and eppf, and was told "Tbo ham has net yet arrived from London, And we oxpeot the eggs by next train." Tnat indicates what is the condition of Iho farmers in England LOYALTY TO THE CROWN. All that has been said ai to tho daoliniag '«;«»»/ »» "«e».ui,iun i. «« w.uvi u.\\(juri- ccce is that aro as loyal as over thoy were. If tbo F inca of Walos is announced to tako part in any pnblio matter tbero is au enthusiastic crowd &t; once. VVbilo I was- in Eugland ho laid th foundation stone ot a small institution at Nowotlo, aud tho towo simply jumped at him. He is the most popu lar man in England, ''TIP "THAT HORRIBLE "TIP" There Ib a system in pMOtico in England which is repnlBivn to colonials, I mean tbo system of Up, If you go to a hotel you ip tho clorko, tho waiters, tho hou -omaid, tbo boots, and ovory servaut who oames in contact with" you, and tiion you find ia your bill bo mncb for "Attendanco." If you at-k a boy a question in tbo street bo holdsout hia hands for tho inevitable " tip." Every porter ou a rail way wants " tip." In laot it is 11 tip" at ovorv move. No ono would object to tbo charges but it Is Iho roannor in which you have to pay that is galling. Our leading hotels, such as Soott's, Mcvzics', tho White Hart, and a few others aro I in many respects greatly superior to tho boit English hotels. q ANNEXATION. Thero is groat apathy iu Eoglaud in rofwono no colonial matters. Tho oooBarvativjs aro running tho Egyptian affair, and tbo Llborais aro on tho Franohlso Bill, and batwoon , tho two nothing Is thought ot tho oolo- tier, So far as I can nndorstaud li e Frithh Government was compelled to do lencethiog, aud they have done tho beat thoy (cs&ibly; could in nllowiog the proclamation of a protectorate over a portion of Now Guinea, I liuvo no doubt tlif-y mo plnd of uny exodse for not moving, and boyoud question the faot that New 8onth Wales lm« so for etood out has had a et-rious offect. It rIvam tbo chauoo ot txcuap on tho Z grcund that tho 5? V/01 aT0Dt "K'ood among thorafoluea, The Knpliih Gevcrnuicnt ia concomed in its own iiffntrp. nnd is quito willieg tn clo'ond tsrolf bo bird tho roluctsnco of an important oniony hkn New 8 urh Wates. As to Lord Drby, ill I hoard of hltn wo that ho wao a man who b.irg in tho Housu of Lirds woa i.ot r.r»BW( r.iblo to any oonititnonoy, ar.ci cr.r.rl littlo about the details (.f crlrx'Inl affair'', Mr Horbort, ono of thu tocrrlaiirp, ia a vory abtemnu, nnd I bollovo it in with him tbo AgcmtatGenpral havo moat to deal FEDERATION. In Iho same way as tho rdua'auco of Now South Wales eiFectn Annexation it affeets FcdrraUon, By Federation, I mean Federation nf the colonici— notFrtdoration of tho Empiro, While I wr.s in E. glnnil tlur ws talk by Lord Kuechory and otberfl of a Federated Em pirc nud n pieboutativo of tho coiunics in tbo Hciuo of Cumin'.UR, I took part at a meeting in protest agairst this, and wrote lettei c. To havo ripr»:scntAtivr8 of the colonies in tho Commons wonld bo to ?nrrendor tho colonics. At preeonfc tbo British Ministry. through i-s 'Secretary, fir the Oolonire.is our representative. It wuuld 1 o ahsuid td havo a muu gottiug up and giving ' uotico in thu Q( mmons that on r.uoh auU suoh a day ho would nik inch nnd auoh a thing as to the colonic. That is all that would bo hoard ot him or his question. What is wanted is fccluration of tho colonies aud united nttion, Thoy oould theu rot limply oak, but demaud, and dctmnd too cu uatiunnl an distinos from oolopittl matters. Tho Aaitraliun colo nics Bhculd spchlc with ono vuioa aa tho Domi nion ol Guuadn dots, THE RECIDSViSTES- Well, I am not quito awaro what ii the latest nows as to (ho R cidivisto Bill in tho French Atsotnily, but I am quit j certain thoy will poeb it, if ouly lo spite England. The fflct is tho Eoglish press haa been very ptvoo on Franco iu connoctiou with Iho China war, and, an you leuow, the French ore a very oxAiVablo people, and om lio very spite Iu), nud thuy will retaliate by pas eiug this bill. (To ba continued). 