RE TENDERS FOR BUILDING ROLLING STOCK. SIR, Much interest is still being taken in the rolling stock question, and, as one of the tenderers, I feel bound to make some reply to the repeated questions, "How is. it that the Government workshops at Launceston can cut tenderers out to the tune of about £3,000, on a piece of work that the highest tender for was only just above £6,000." The public must naturally think that either we tradesmen are fearfully greedy and want enormous profit on our work, or that we are fools, and do not know how to make a calculation. My tender for the whole 171 trucks was £5,013, which included delivering the trucks, and yet Mr. Lord would try to make out that the whole of the 171 trucks can be built for £3,000. I know quite enough about it to say that the work cannot be done and the specifications carried out at that price, and there challenge Mr. Lord or anyone else to produce an estimate for doing the work " according to the specifications, at the price he has stated, or anything like it. In the details given by Mr. Lord, and published by you on 20th ult., nothing is allowed for rent, or overseeing, cartage, otol) Without going further into the items, some of which might also be questioned by-pass tical men, it is impossible for the work to be properly done unless one or more overseers are placed over the workmen and if this is not needed, and the work can be undertaken in addition to what is now being done in the Government shops, then some one must at present be drawing a good salary for doing very little. I Then, again, is it a fair thing that tenders should be called for from tradesmen in the colony, who have heavy rents, rates, and taxes, duties, freights, and guarantee cheques to pay and the Government work- shop officials be allowed to tender also, who have none of these things to contend with, and who would not have to stand any losses, which might probably occur? It appears as though we (tenderers) were put to the expense and loss of valuable time by going to Launceston to see the pattern trucks without our having the ghost of a chance of getting the work. I went very carefully into the matter, and measured each truck, allowed only fair labour price for the work and a very moderate profit on the whole in fact, I cut it so fine that if the lowest tenderer, except the Government officials at Launceston, had got the contract, and offered me two or three hundred pounds to take it off his hands, I would not have touched it and that gentleman, whoever he is, may be glad he did not get it, even at his price of t 5,00, for he would never want to tender or another job of the kind at a similar price again. Now, if the whole of the pattern trucks have arrived and are to be seen at Launceston, which was not the case when we went up to see them, why not set the Government shops aside, and call for fresh tenders, and not let the public be deceived this time by incorrect estimates. Yours, etc., A G. HUMBY, London Carriage Works. Macquarie-street, Hobart, December 30, 1884. ! WICKED FOR CLEIIOYMEN,-'* I Le Havre It to be all wrong and even wicked for clergymen or other public men to be led into giving tea Um on Ula to quack doctors or Tile stuffs called medicines, but when a really meritorious article is made up of common valuable remedies known to all, and that all physicians use and trust In daily, we should freely commend 16\. I therefore cheerfully and heartily commend Hop Bitters for the good they have done me and my friends, firmly belle vin they have no equal for family use. I will not be without them "-They. -. Washington. D. 0. Head "BtrGinr-PxniA-w-Quick, corn etc are, all annoyIng Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Diseases. Druggists loss and Moses Co. Sydney General Agents. 