OLD IRISH SONGS. (Sunday Democrat.) WE have frequently reoeived of late communications from esteemed correspondents, asking for the republication of old Irish songs and ballads, whose "sweetly plaintive numbers haunt the memory for ever." The writers truly point out that most of those quaint productions of the Irish muse are going out of print, though not out of the remembrance of those who heard them in the days of early youthhood. The songs a mother oroons to her child are indelibly impressed upon the memory. To hear an eoho of them in the after years stirs, even to self-surprise, a heart chord Imagined to be hushed for ever. Fine poetic beauty is a quality we will not olaim for them, but they are so intimately associated with bright and tender memories that they come to us like the graolous afterglow whioh follows the Northern sunsets. It is our purpose to reprint in the Democrat a series of those old ballads. We present to-day the words of that famous old melody, "Irish Molly, O," the air, at leaBt, of whioh lingers in a myriad of Irish remembranoes, like the far-off tinkle of an Angelus bell heard in the sinless ytars of obildhood. IRISH MOLLT, O. Oh, who is that poor foreigner that lately came to town, And, like a ghost that oannot rest, still wanders np and down f A poor, unhappy Soottish youth; if more you wish to know, His heart 1B breaking all for love of Irish Molly, 01 She's modest, mild, and beautiful, the faireBt I have known, The primrose of Ireland, all blooming here alone— The primrose of Ireland, for whereBoe'er I go, The only one entices me 1B Irish Molly, O I When Molly's father heard of it, a solemn oath he swore, That if she'd wed a foreigner he'd never see her more. He sent for young M'Donald and he plainly told him so— " Til never give to snoh as you my Irish Molly, 01" She's modest, etc. M'Donald heard the heavy news, and grievously did say: "Farewell, my lovely Molly, sinoe I'm banished tar away 1 . A jpoor, folorn pilgrim, I must wander to and fro, And all for the sake of my Irish Molly, 01 She's modest, eto. "There is a rose in Ireland, I thought it wonldbemlne, But now that she is loBt to me I must for ever Till death shall come to oomfort me, for to the grave I'll got And all for the sake of my Irish Molly, OI She's modest, eto. " And now that I am dying, this one request I orave, To plaoe m marble tombstone above my hnnible ad on the atone these simple words Fd ' .have engraven so: ^U'Donaldlost^hU life tor love of Irish She's modest, etc. Aims AWD Bros, beetles, insects, roaches, ants, bed&ngs.; rata, mloe, gophers, chipmunks, deared ott «toy "Bough on i&s.;' FeUo? Qrimwdeft (Jo, Agents, Melbourne. 1 