Open Column. MR. WOOD THE HEALER. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I was veiy curious to see and ta hear the now celebrated Mr. Wood, and accordingly repaired to the Institute Hall on Monday night. As to the result, I am perfectly satisfied that there is not the least cause for all the stir and commotion in the public mind respecting that gentleman. There is nothing mysterious in the case, and not the least thing to wonder at, except that so raueli has been said and written on th« matter. From what I had previously heard and read I expected at least to fiad Mr. Wood a mesmerist—unconsciously, perhaps—but still a mesmerist. But a glance at the man ought to tell any one that a dull, slow temperament like that can possess very little, if auy, mesmeric power. I believe Mr. Wood is quite right in saying he is no mesmerist; aud no more a faith healer thau a mesmerist, say I. The only secret in the matter it appeared to me was this, that the poor old mau was a little gone in the head. Fancy a man standing up and claiming " to be endowed with a power that no other man had ever possessed since the days of the apostles." Would any sane person claim auvthing so preposterous t Again, he went ou to say that Christians had no business to be afflicted or diseased. It was their privilege to be freed from all bodily pain and disease. Would auy but a erased man make such an assertion! And then, mark, this very mau who claims to have so much faith aud power was himself wearing spectacles ! Why did he wear thein ? Why did he not get his own sight renewed and made strong by hit own method? I do not think the poor old gentlemau is deserving of blame so much as pity. He is not an imposter ; is very sincere in his belief. He will persist in 83yiug that he has cured more than two thousand people iu this colony, notwithstanding it is not true ; still he honestly believes it, and no amount of evidence would make him believe the contrary. He has got a religion craze, that is all. I once knew a young man who got a craze of this kind, his delusion was that he thought he possessed the power to breathe the Holy Ghost into people. And so he would breathe on people and grandly extend his hand and Bay, Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Hi* friends ery kindly sent him to the Lunatic Asylum. The reason why so many people are deluded with Mr. Wood, is that he he talks a great deal of sense with his nonsense. He can quote Scripture well and talk intelligibly and intelligently ou many things, and the people do not dream that an intelligent aud good man may at the same time be a little, done. Most insane men are like that, just gone on one point, and you might converse with some of them for hours aud not detect anything wrong. I heard of a man who visited a lunatic asylum aud was shown through by a warder. When leaviug he wauted to know where the lunatics were kept. He thought all the persons he had seen and conversed with were sane. What, then, it may be asked, is the secret of Mr. Wood's power. I answer, the man ha* none. There is not a little of evidence that he lias any. Many people have imaginary ailments, and snch have only to believe that they are cured to be well. There are doubtless man y cures of this kiud. A change, with excitement, is very helpful in some cases, and there is no doubt the Rev. Mr. Shorthose and others have received benefit from such change and excitement. Beyond cases of this kind there has been nothing done. I could not help thinking, sir, that it is a strange thing that so many people should run after aud so much stir be made about a crazy man. I am, Sir, &c.;, May 15, 1884. OBSERVER. 