THE TANTALUS BOUND TABLE, I BRISBANE SCHOOL OF- ARTS: I Bt "VEisosrwAi." "Iettbb9 mid Memorials of Jane Welsh Carlyle/r prepared for publication by Tiioihits Cartyle,edited by J. A, Froude. in three yole., ia the full and particular title of what will, 1 am certain, be a well-read wort, and deservedly so. Mr. Carlyle's .share in. the mat ter seems: to have been the. arrangement of the letters in due time .order; the supply of, in most cases; appro priate connecting links, and, explanatory foot notes, these, in very many instances, being mere ejacnlatory comment* and singularly inappro priate. 1 mean such absurd comment about "angelic'' and the like, which, if we hear from a recently-made widower, en ables us with safetyto predict ' that he wilt marry again in, say, threo months Mr. Froude's work was light enough. Ho has, however, been pretty roundly rated for allow ing the work to be published. In my opinion he has done a praiseworthy deed. To hare de prived the world of such human productions would hare been an error of judgment and a loss to the world. Mrs. Carlyle was a elerer woman; she was a womanly woman, and a right good wife to a man who needod such an one. She could write letters; there can bo no doubt about that in the mind of any man or woman who reads thoEO. She could manage a ! house; she was not one of those pitiful traipses whoso only qualification for wifehood is thoir sex. As for what some reriewers bare said about her grief, broken-heartedness, and such like, caused by her husband's neglect, what woman in Brisbane would escape the Bame verdict if all letters written by her in all the varied moods, bodily and mental, of over thirty years, to friends to whom she could open her heart, were published as those are. 1 fear wo hus bands would get a severe wigging from hyper critical reviewers themselves probably su premely forgetful of their own wives, do far as I am concerned these volumes have led mo to feel that Thomas Carlyle was blessed with the love, the oversight, and the help, of a grand woman, and that that grand womanly woman knew she had a fine fellow as a husband, and that in spite of occasional and very temporary periods of petnlancs, due largely to physical causes, alio adored her husband, and in his success and the admiration of men for him she found her chief joy. Merely, by-tho-byo, I have an idea that if aha had had a fow children she would have been one of the •happiest, as even without them eho was one of the proudest, women of the century. Flio appears to have had a similar idea (seo Letter 117). Anothor, by tho bye— the wife of a man who writes a " French Bevo lution," " Life of Oliver Cromwell," and " Frederick the Great." cannot fairly exp-ct to have superadded to the glory of such a poii tion, the myriad attentions which a lady's man, incapable of such productions, may manage to show, and, if tho producer of "French Revolu tion," Ac., bo moreover the victim of a villiin ously ill-acting digestive apparatus his domesti city is liable to still further diminution. Since writing tho foro-oing, I havo, by a sort of accident, fallen upon tha "Contemporary Review," for May lait past, tho first article wherein is headed "Mrs. Carlyle," and is the work of Mrs. Oliphant. Site Minors Mr. Froude for issuing the volumes j in this I do not agree with her; but tho following cxtraote' will ihbw that one of world-wide famo,' and a known-by-fow scribbler for The . Telegraph think -alike^ oyer and about those volumes. " Which ol ue could bear that; rovelalion ? To hove all the secrets of sur olosest relationships laid baro, all the hasty words we have said, and repented, of those most , dear to ub j all tho complaints and repininge'. that have burst from our lips when tho burdons of life have been too many for us." "We p confess'that tho manner of mind'whioh can « deduce from this long autobiography an idea in-. r' jurtoua to tho perfect union oftheso two kindred, souls is to us incomprehensible." "They tor mcnted oach other, but not half bo muoli as each tormented him and herself 5 they were too like oaoh other, suffering in the someway from herveB disordered and digestion impaired and excessive self-conscionsness, and the absence of all other objects in their life." " Theso volumes were announced as prepared for publication by Carlylo himself, and so thoy were in groat part, with many interjected netes which we can scarcely oill less than stupid, besides some valuable explanatory doiaiis." "Tho Beal Lord Byron," by J. C. Jcaifre- l^. son. I don't know anything about Mr. J., be- £'; yond what he on the title page of those two volumes soyB of himself—" author of ' A Book about tho O.ergy,' 'A Book about Doctors,'1 'A Book about Lawyers,' 4c."—probably com- i pilations of jams about sundry professional L gontlcmon, making no great demand upon ! either brain or '•cheek," but both must bo tasked protty heavily by the man who would attempt to delineate tho real Lord Byron. Tho mere mention of tho name casts me five- and twenty years back (alas! for the flight of years), when one Snnday morning, after trying to teach some country folk, almost within sight ... of the wads of New stead Abbey, t strolled fc;, into the old-looking church of Hueknall Tor kard, and stood on the etono which lay above the body of the poet, rradingtbeinscriptiorionatablet ilaced on the wall above it. " In the vault jeuoath, where many of his ancestors and his; mother arc buried, lie the remains of George Gordon Noel Byron, lord Byron of Bcchdaie in the county of Lancaster, the author of ' Childe Harold's Pilgrimage.' He w» s born in' I ondon on the 22nd of January, 1738. He1 died at Missolontthi, in Western Greece, on the, Wtb of April, 1821. Engaged in tLc glorious; attempt to restore that country to hot ancient; freedom and renown. His sister, the Honourable , Augusta Marialeigh, placed this tablet to his Mi memory." The' church is an insignificant- gg etructuve, and the tablet of the plainest; but the g-; ;o'u"o holds arid the other indicates the resting. place of one of the classic" poets of bis native g| latid." ByTcn,' a veritablo brain king (it may gg sceiri an anti-climr.x to say that Ben Count, & gb jveritable'muscle king, eleepa'in tbo ysrd of the 'same' church), poor fellow, yet grand, his. failings have been blared through the world for fe over half a hundred years, with I ferir -m too & inanvpoints,unkmdiy accretions 1 his better, e; •points whittled down to almost Ml. Of Mr. pt, J.V attempt' it may be safely said that, in a Btvle straightforward arid clear,, be coDits the author of "'Childe" Harold's Pilgnmsge with whatever sins against all and sundry are beyond doubt proven; while he credits, him; with all well-proven goodness. Flora what' point soever viewed the life story'of this man, Byron is intensely pathetic, arid as - one says,. "'With all his weaknesses and vices, .the mag-, nificent natural power of the man, the a*™1 ordinary, though fitful, vigour of hfs intellect,; the real sympathy for humanity. . = . must: alwavB make him attractive. We cannot oelp feeling for him as for Milton's archangel ruined." : . Some months back I had something to sajr, about J. P. Keaue'e "Six Months in Mecca here is another of Mr. Keano's productions,f bonamcd « On Blue Water; some narrattvee, of sport and adventure in tho modern meretunc. eervice." In tho preface of half a doien lines, he says, "In recounting the following expe riences, my desire iB to illustrate life among the junior officers of tho merchant seme? ot: to-day: using, at the samo time, a certain sporting elemont, together with a' style of phraseology as my vehicle. Mr Keen? has managed to put together a capiltalboo«, » book, which will interest boys of from twelve W eighty-four years old. - " Responsibility in Mental Disease, by Ito Mandsley, one of tlio earlier volumes of tM International Scientific Series, is not, at from its titlo may be inferred, the sort of book likey to be taken in hand by those to "hem thepro dnctions of Ouida and the like furnish famunM food. It is, nevertheless, a volume which cro tains very much calculated to plesse thc anCT of man/ of the members. To the gentrjl reader chapters 1, 2 and 9 will be ,fo ^ attractive; they are entitled r"P*f troductory, tho Borderland, end th . tion of Insanity. The pages on the' of organisation, heroditary mfluonc , .. responsibiUty, the criminal naturo, production of criminals, in the eorlie chap^ are worth very careful reading, w>a thswbow of tho chapter on prevention, emphatically »• | "Early Law and Custom," by Sir HeuW Maine, is, as might be expected, a »°"n^ent book. It begins with fourohaptowonthesn ^ Hindoo law, especially on the wgf ancestors, and the law of inbena there is also a chapter on ,th°0n th# 1' tuccoision to tho throne and ^ part king, played in early law Pr«_"^|ia. relation of tho sexes m early somelof cation of property and of law; t ^ ghosts s rules for marriage-with a dec ^ husband's brother (which If*' ,undry *bo mended to the attention of all and su ^ may be'suffering from nauscabmagW ojw talk about marriage with ,V^illtwertfo sister) : and many othor :- jn(j ing us in these later days find ing renews' E9*t,ivft treatment in th» volum e _ „ _ ■ ,. By. saye11 There is not ft dull PaS® 10 1 . . I; In paper 10 of this series' | l),1882y^tventiirod a prophecy m t,8 ^ | "I greatly fear Miss leahella - ^ ^ f trotting is over,'for I baye lately . ia i ha. married. After fluttering op ana « the world shshas nestled at length in a hus " band's arms, Ah I mo, &o;,, So.," but of a truth here she.is again, and in another book of Iravols! ''1'jf must' for- ever hereafter eschew the rftlo prophetic, at any rate all except prophery cx i pott facto' " The Golden Chersonese," by Mrs ' 'Bishop (or as for literary purposes olio still ,« i|tyle» herself Miss Bird) is tho book which lias taken the conceit prophotio out of me. Asa travellerMiss Bird has fow rivals, probably no s'nperior. She carries her eyes with her, and ' sses' by their aid many things which ojthor '-' 'people would not or could hot see. To Hong ■kong, to . Saigon, to Singapore and :the Strolls Settlements, sho ■ went. . Travelling in bamboo, chair, on back ,of. elephant. ' and' in steam launoh, she sees what may be • ssen wherever ehe goes, and tells the story •'bf her wanderings in charming style. Hunting up oddities in all sorts of queer places, !■' boldly pushing her way into districts whoso ■ inhabitants regard, explorers with some sua pioion, - amassing much information, and un v earthing funny facts, this enterprising lady trareller deserves to he designated " the :' favourite." .'' ■ Of the men of mark in our Indian Empire. '- 'whose biographies it has been my.lot in these •. papers to introduce, are 8ir James Ontram and /ford Clyde; here, now, is another, the life of ;'a pian. worthy to rank with tho best, John— .lord: Lawrence. The book is in two thick ;; volumes, and is Written by B. Bosworth Smith, ■ whose powers as on author will noed no word \- of praise to those who have read his books on it.Mohammed and on Carthage. Lawrence was .» one of the very best possible representatives of .' tho best aide of English, character, add by tho ;: exercise of the noblest traits of noblest manliness ■ he won his way. Connected officially with some , ,.of the most important events in connection with ' •- England's rule of India, he was ever the worthy o man. One says of him, "No famous Engli-h ■ ■ man of recent times has come so near to the ( : oldBoman type of character—the inflexible will,; v the ever, presont sense of national duty,-tho 1 grave dignity that was not elated by prosperity, . or alarmed by danger; that pursued ite ovro ■ ■ path in spite of misrepresentation and obloqny; that was thrifty, not from love of money, bnt ■ from hatred of waste; that was too intent ', ■ upon iolid and permanent achievements to care v. about the minor pleasures and lighter graces ■ ' of life; and with these Boman gifts there were -.Other. qualities to which only a few of the • best of the Bomans attained—a feeling of duty " j to the, snbjects which made sovereignty ecem • Ieii aglory than a sacred trust ; a hnmility, and . simplicity,^ and.self-forgetfulness, that sprang : from a religious feeling, all the. deeper that it r seldom found expression in the conventional : phrases of roligion " . He was a hater of mere . phrases and phrasemongers, and had a con-; • tempt for -mere show and. pomp, even.reoeiv •. .ing' ft deputation in his slippers, and thereby leading some to say he, as Viceroy, wantod dignity. A. man of character ma- sive and, in : .its thoroughness of honesty, most stately—a . worthful man was he, and in these volumes his -: life is worthily written. May England never . lack Iflflnof like grit and noblenesa, and may , she never lack the skill ,to'detect, and will to ... honotfk, the men.ofsnohQualities, 