TALES AND SKETCH E8. A. llninl Mim'a ltlng-. Continual from our Inst Issue. Some sort of vogue idea seemed to lloat across my mind and keen my ovos rivited on tlio picture, comuionploco a's it was. Presently my ideas seemed to loop straight to a conclusion, and I found myself speculating ns to which window it was, in that extensivo Front, that Mr. Ainsloy's bodv lav nnnr that vory procossion day— perhaps at tlio vory moment when this picture was tokon. At Inst I was certnin tlint I bail spotted tho very window. Tbero it was on the second floor, wido open, and partly concealed hy tho ironwork of the vornndnh. At diffcront portions of tho verandah were groups of peoplo, and in distinguishable human faces at most of tho windows, but nono at this particular window of tho apartment occupiod by , . Ainsloy. But there was a some thing there, all tho same. Tho intciinr of the room behind tho open window was b ack, being in slindow, but against that shadow there was an oblong wliito dot which arrested my attention. Tho window measured in tho picture, I should soy, about half an inch long by a quarter I wido, and tho" dot was about a sixteenth of an inch in size. I wondorod what that wliito dot could menu. I wondered whether there wns any menus of finding out what it meant ; and I ended by going into tho place and buying tho picture. I took it home and leaned it up against sonio books upon the table in tho evening, nnd drew my chair up and studied it. There seemed to ho a sort fascination about it tlint I could not ac count for. Something seomed to tell mo that in that picture lay tho solution of Mr. Ainsloy's murder. There could bo no doubt about tho location of the window — I know tho hotel well — ami tho picture had cc.tninly been tnken during the pnssngo of tho precession. What could that white spot mean, seen through the open window against tho dark background ? Could it bo con nected in any way with Mr. Ainsley's murder ? It must bo, I ronsoncd, tho facsimile of somothing white within tlint . room at tho tiino tho photograph was taken. Wns there any means of finding \- out what it was 7 Tho answer suggested . itsolf to mo that I might possibly find out what it was by magnifying it with a microscopo. With mo, to think if to net. I accordingly sent out immediately a noto to an optician whom I know, re questing him to lot 1110 hnvo the uso of ono of his best compound microscopes for an hour or two on n matter of busi ness. While waiting I rummaged over what books wo had, nnd nccidently stumbled across a book dealing with just tho Bubject I wns after. My boy Jack had something of a scientific turn in thoso days, nnd I supposo ho was ac countable for its presence, for I'm sorry to say that my courso of lifo hasn't been , easy enough to lio that way. But if I doh't know much about scioneo, I can understand whnt's common sense, nnd whilo I was looking through that book, there woro ono or two pnssagos that struck mo ns being pat to tho point, and without more ado I cut thorn out and kept them — it's a habit I linvo, nnd a vory handy habit I'vo found it, too — and here they arc. Read them for your selves. You gentleman may catch on to tho hard words hottor than I can, hut I understood very woll what they meant, nil tho enmo. So saying, tho captain produced nn- otlior slip or two of printed matter, nnd handed them to Tom, who road as fol lows : The services, moreover, transcended all . estimate which tho microscopo is capablo »f rendering, alike to commerce, to jurispru dence, to science, and to tho arts, useful and ornamental, of life. Thus Professor Owen, by a microscopic inspection of a fragment of fossil tooth, demonstrated the existence, immemorial ages since, of an animal belonging to tho genus of the modern sloth, but of a bulk so enormous ns to bo able to uproot and push down the lnrgest trees of the tropic forest-- . an act which this animal was accustomed to perform for the sako of feeding, as do con temporary sloths, on their tender leaves and Bhoots. " Take a pretty smart detective to boat that practice," interpolated Captain Aingcr. Another illustration (went on Tom, rend ing) of the worth of this instrument in legal concerns is furnished by an incident which occurcd in Franco twenty years ago. A murder had had been perpetrated— the body was found, covered with blood, nnd tho murderer wns entirely unknown. A certain person, however, being suspected, his domicile was searched, though nothing suspicious was discovered, except a hatchet # whereon were some staius and a few hairs. un inspecting me uiuuuub wuuu«utau3i;ui»t;, the hairs were fouudto be those of an aniranl, and the nmn was cleaved. Very probably the preservation of life was, in this case, due . to this once contemned instrument. " Now, that," interjected the captnin, "was what . struck mo at once. It seemed dead to tbo point." The microscope in connection with Iiclio- graphy (continued Tom) hns become indis pensable. By a simple contrivance the minutest infusoria and vegetable monads can be photogmpbed nnd enlarged to almost any extent, and the outlines of their beautiful and delicate germs perfectly preserved. The minute spots and strjm on the nnviculn, the structure of many of the confervic, cross- sections of many of the polysphonim, nnd other marine algm, have been represented by the aid of the microscope and the camera more perfectly tlinu it could be done with human hands. That last picco (remarked Captain Aingcr, ns Tom finished rending) sot me to thinking again, nnd, as you will seo, turned out to be tbo most practically important of all. When tbo messenger I sent for tho microscopo enmo back, I cut out a small pieco of the cardboard of tbo hotel picture containing the window with tbo whito dot, and put the pieco below tlio object glass. I throw on tbo strongest light I could with tbo mirror, and applying my oyo to tho tube, screwed it up and down tbo focus. But, bless you I do you supposo I could see anything? The whito dot wns certainly enlarged into n narrow whito bar, but tho edges woro confused, and I couldn't tell for tho life of me what it wns, as the paper on which tbo photograph bad been printed, though it looked smooth and polished to the naked oyo, sccmod as coarso undor tho microscopo as a street pavod with cobbles. In a few minutes I gavo up tbo business disheartened, as I couldn't for tbo lifo of mo, toll what that wliito bar was. Well, gentlemen, nftor I wont to bed, I got to studying into tbo question still more, for I know that that white bar meant something, and that it was only tho conrsonoss of tho paper that kept that somothing from being known. So noxt morning I wont down again to tho photographer's whoro I got tho picture, and told him fraukly of tho wholo matter, and my reaaonB for wishing to find out whnt that whito dot was. Ho smiled when I told him of my experiment with tho microscopo, tolling mo what I had already found out, that it was impossible to maguify objects printed' on ovon the finost paper, with any nicety of delinea tion. " Another point which I must explain to you," bo next said, " is that there is only ono point in a photographic picturo which can bo in perfect tocus, if pro jected on a piano surface. Tlio larger tho Ions nnd tho longer its focus tho more extended will be tho area of tbo sharp portions of tho picture, but oven then it is merely a close approximation, and there is only one point which can bo absolutely in fociis. Consequently, in tho case of that whito dot which you wish to find out tho nature of, I loavo it to yourself tojudgo how many chauccs there aro against its boing tho only spot in that wholo hotel front, nnd tho pro cession bolow, which wns in absolute and pnrfcct focus whon tho picture wns taken. And unless . it was in nbsoluto nnd perfect focus, tlio more it was inngntficd undor tho microscopo tho more blurred and confused would tho imago becomo." I had to confess that tho chances were olim if that were tho case. . " But, said ho, " I think J can help you. I am now engaged in perfecting a process by which .negatives taken on glass, out of focus, can bo transferred" to other plates in such a manner that tbo picture, or any desired pnrt of it, will bo reproduced in perfect foens and partly becauso I wish . to' render you every assistance in my power in working up your case, and partly because I seo in it a good field for testing my process, I will find out for you what that white spot really is," i might mention hero (observed tlio: captain, parenthetically) that I am naturally possessed of a rctontivo mem ory ; and this, coupled- with tho fact that my mtorcst was strained to tho ut most tonsion by the wholo proceeding, ho doubt enables mo to givo such a clear account of tho affair, oven to tho language used by Professor Whipple- — tlmt wns tbo photographer's nnmo. " All right," said I ; " when shall wo begin?" \ " Immediately," said tbo professor II Pleaso accompany ino to my studio.!' Ho led tho way up.stairs, and I followed him into tho operating room; which was full of cameras, lenses, glass plates, tubos, bottles, and all tlio other paraphernalia of the art. Scloctingouo from a pile of negatives set upright in a largo woodon rack, he hold it up to tho light, and said : " Hero is our negative, and a pretty fair ono, too. But that window, which is our principal object, is decidedly out of focus, ns I could liaYo told you from tho first. All tho microscopical enlarge ment in tho world couldn't make bend nor tail out of that whito dot ; but J will presently produco a print of it which will bo in focus, all tho same." And the professor took tho nogativo toward a. table, near tho wall , of tho chamber, on which stood somo sort of optical ap paratus. . . " Horo is how wo do it," ho wontjon manipulating the apparatus. " This,' you seo, is an ordinary photographic printing frame, in which positive pictures, like tho ono you brought, are produced from negatives, by placing tbo nogativo in tho frame, laying a piece of prepared sensitive) paper-flat upon it. screwing them both up tight from tho back, and then exposing them to tbo rays of tbo sun, so that tbo light passes through the transparent portions, and is obstructed by the dark portions of tho negative, thus producing a positive picturo, like tbo ono you have upon tlio paper. But there is a difference between this print ing fraino and an ordinary one, as I will explain to you," and tho professor proceeded to handle tlio apparatus. " There is, as you seo, only a small circular aperture of a auarter of an inch in diameter in this square wooden slide. I now take this negative of the hotel front; select the quarter of an inch I wish to bring to focus— so ; put tbis thin brass tube directly over it — so; take out uiy glazier's diamond, and draw it carefully around tbo outside of tlio tube— so ; take out this small circular picco of tho glnss nogativo which tho diamond 1ms cut from the plate— so ; put it into tho aporturc in tho wooden slide, and clamp it down at tbo edges with those tiny brass -clamps — so, and tho first part of the opera tion is complete. I now slide this wooden slide, containing my little round piece of glass exactly in tbo centre, into this groove in tho front of tho printiug framo ; nnd into this other groovo, about an inch behind it, I slido this screen of a most dclicnto material— my own invention — which takes tho place of tho ground-glass scrcon of the enmera, on which tlio imago of the object to bo photographed is focused before the prepared plato is inserted. This modified printing frame Is, as you see, made of brass, in two sections, just liko a' vory shallow camera, and by operating a rack-Aud-pinion movement with tbis button, tbo back portion, hold ing tbo somi-diaphnnous'screen, is nmdo to approach or recede from the front portion which holds tho tiny circulnr pieco of glass negative. ' Then I tnko this ordinary photogrnphio lens of a cortain focus, screw it on to this bolder directly over tho littlo round picco of glass, tnko up tho wholo apparatus, clamp it on to this other framo, which, as you see, is mounted on a ball-and- socket and consequently can bo moved in any direction, and carry my frame over to this table, where tbo sunlight is now falling. But boforo I uso tho sun light, I proceed to throw an imago of tho littlo circlo of negative upon my focasing screen, nnd this I do by alter ing tbo position of tho screen, moving it nearer or farthor from tbo negative — so ; and also altering tho focus of tho lens a little— so. Now, if you put your fnco horo, behind tho screen, you will soo thrit tho hotel window is quito sharply defined, you cau seo tbo lines of tho -sash, can't you, ovon with the naked oyo? How do I manago it? Why, 'nothing casior — simply carrying out an ordinary, well-known law of optics, .which peoplo ought to have reasoned out and deduced for them selves long ago". Tho window in tho original negative is out of focus, isn't it ? Very woll. It would havo boon in foens, and clearly nnd sharply dofincd, if the lens by which the picturo was token had been moved a hnir'e-breadth nearer or farther to the prepared pinto. I am merely rectifying this by printing a positive; by means of convergent rays, upon a surface slightly removed from the faco of tho negative. There is only one point, however, ns I before ex plained, which can thus bo brought to a focus at one time, if oxaminod micros copically. A point a hnir's-breadth distant in tho picture, is over so slightly off the plane, will bo confusod. Now, lot mo scrow on this microscopo at tlio back of'tho screen, anil wo will oxamiuc tlio window undor- n power of eight hundred diamotors. The window is about a quarter of an inch long in tho picture, and will consequently bo magni fied to a length of seventeen fcot, or ns if wq were standing closo beside it. Now, , put you eye to tbo microscope whilo I focus it. What do you seo?" " I sco a fly upon tbo &ash;," said I, " and what looks liko a mosquito in tho corner. of ono of tho panes, but I can't see anything beyond. It is out of tbo field of- vision." " All right," said the professor ; " lot mo.movo tbo objoct lens of tbo micro scopo ovor that whito dot. Now what do you seo?" ' " I sep n misty whito bar," I said, '.'.but tho edges arc indistiuot, I can't mnko out. what it is." " I'll bring it to a focus," returned fch'o:prqfcssor, gently operating tho rack- nml; pinion,; and moving tho screen nearer to tlio negative. : '' Stop said I ; "I sco a portion of a bnro, whito arm, ns if raised." It is vory ciearly.dofinod." " Ha I '.' said tbo profeasor, u this gets interesting ; let. mo shift tbo microscopo 60 as to cover tho hand. Now, how is it?" (J vv - G.ood.God !" I cried out involun tarily, ."lijsec a clcnchcd haud holding a dagger, raised ns if to strike, Tho wrist and nrm,'so far ns I can seo it, arc bnro. THero'is'n bracelet round tho wriBt; I can sco that There are also rings upon tho.third Gngor, but thoy are misty and dim ; I . can not make out their. appear ance or shape." " Wo will bring them into focn9," said the professor ; " when you have got thom, speak,'.' " Now I" cried I. " Thoro they are, sharp -and /distinct. Throe rings — a solitniro 'diamond-, a circlet of brilliants, a. white shield with tho monograin "A;" Morciful Heavens !" I exclaimed, Btart- ing: aside," " theso aro tho vory rings worn by Mr. Ainsloy's wife— tho coun terparts, f those taken from tho fingers of the murdered man!" I was dumbfounded, dazed, bcwildored. I couldn't bcliovo my senses. I 'looked again.: / There was no mistake. . Thoro yvas-'tho uplifted hand with the dagger, and thcro were "tho rings, full and .square iri tlio field of vision, Hurriedly and briefly I told tho profossor of my discovery. .".Very well," said ho ; "I will now provide you with somo evidence to carry away with you. I will tnko a positive print of that point of tlio negotivo ns it now stands." Ho did so ; and, after thanking and congratulating him on tlio success of his wonderful discovery, I conveyed the photograph homo, with what feelings may bo imagined. There could bo no doubt about it. The damning evidcnco was . there. , Mr, Ainsloy had been murdorcd by the wifo of his bosom ; nnd she— oh ! accustomed as I was to every phase nnd species of crime, hardened! as 'my years of criminnl ex perience had mado, this was a depth of hyprocrisy nnd dovilisli malgnity which Iliad to confess to myself I had not yet sounded. Tho stimulated tears and anguish of this beautiful, but diabolical woman, whom I handed her tho casket containing her murdered husbnnd's rings— murdered by her own hand — rose before me. Tho devilish cunning of tho reword offored hy herself— horsclf the murderess — cried aloud to heaven for justice. But how to fix the crime upou her? The ovidoticc was purely circumstantial. There was no question in my mind but that a jury would con vict, if this evidence wero fully ex plained and laid before them. But I resolved to go slow ; I resolved not to make any accusation or arrest before I had succeeded in obtaining from tho woman.hersolf somo convincing proof, by sign or admission, of her guilt. And this ' I determined to get during my trip South, in chargo of Mr. Ainsloy's newly discovered effects. Next day I started down the river, but, upon arriving at Baton Rogue, I resolved to visit Air. Ainsloy's brother before approaching tho murderers, and ongngo his assistance in carrying out my object. As may bo supposed, ho. was as horrified and amazed as I was myself, nnd it was not until lie had tho indisputnblo evidcnco, afforded by tho i microscopo and photograph which I had brought with mo, that ho could bo brought to credit his sister-in-law's guilt. After his mind had got strongly accustomed to tho idea, ho imtercd thoroughly into my plans for bringing tho shc-dovil to justice. But how to extort from lior somo sign or admission of guilt ? That was tho question. A woman who could accomplish her end with such devilish ingenuity and craft would certainly bo ablo to sinuilato innocenco equally well, if time wero allowed lior and if put upon her guard. It was needful tlint wo ourselves should resort to artifice, and moot craft with craft. At length a plan was arranged, which, though somowhat dramatic anil sensational in its details, promised to effect what wo desired ; nnmely, an admission of guilt, by a method calcu lated to impress a feminino mind by its sudden shock. I did not quito fall in witli Mr. Ainsloy's way of thinking as to tho mothod, but I had to admit that there was every possibility of its answer ing tho purpose. Cards of invitation woro issued for a grand gathering of friouds and acquain tances throughout tho neighborhood at Air, Ainsloy's houso, for an early date. Sumptuous preparations were made, and great was tho advent of commodities of all sorts from Now Orleans during tho days preceding tho festivals. Among other things wns a fiat, shallow box about twclvo feet square, labelled " Glass, with enro," handled gingerly by tho stonmcr hands on account of the presence of a taciturn custodian who had it under his especial charge. The day arrived, nnd with it a largo and brilliant assemblage of the rank and fashion of tho neighborhood ; among theui, of courso, tho widowed Mrs. Ainsloy, who still wore hor sombre weeds nnd exhibited signs of 6ubducd but heartfelt grief. It wns noticeable, too, tlmt tho handsonio Air. Grayson wns still dancing nssidious attention upon tho afflicted beauty, though, it must bo said, with but slight outward 6igns of encouragement. Tlio day wore on amid festivity and rejoicing till oven- ing, which wns, of course, to be spnnt in conversation, card-playing, and danc ing, as tho tastes of tho various guests might select. One of tho largest of tbo salons, however, had been arranged ns a sort of theatre, with a raised stage at the end of it, and it was given out that a series of tableaux vivants would form a feature of tho entertainment. Ac cordingly, about eight o'clock, tlio guests trooped in with mirth and merri ment, seating themselves promiscuously on the chairs, lounges, and benches provided for their accommodation. Tho widowed Airs. Ainsloy was provided, undor my special direction, with a luxur ious front sent,' as also was tho attentivo Mr. Grayson.. It had been announced that a particu larly striking tableau would concludo the spectacle,' nnd the guests woro naturally on tho look-out for this. This tableau, I must explain to you, was tbo plan de vised by Mr. Ainsloy, which I told you I had acquiesced in, in default of any thing- bettor, nnd wns t<f, consist in . a scene produced by that optical illusion known as " Pepper's Ghost," not so well known in thoso dAys as it is now, nnd known to but few in that portion of the country. You, gontlemcn, are aware that the illusion is produced by the re flection of a person, or porsons, con cealed beneath the stngo in a strong light, from a largo sheet of transparent glass set obliquely on tho stage. Tho " ghosts," or apparatus, thus produced, look and move in all rcBpects liko living beings, though material objects behind them can bo readily seen through thoir forms. Our purposo was to produco a facsimile of Mr. Ainsloy's murder, and wo had accordingly " fixed up " a man to represent Air. Ainslcy as nearly as we could, and another to represent tho murderess — accessories and details of dress, board, feature position near a window, etc., having been studied, ar ranged, and rehearsed by tho actors wo had engaged, so that nothing might bo lacking in tho grim fidelity of tho scene. This was whnt wo relied upou to extort some sign or admission of guilt from Airs. Ainslcy, and, sonsational and dramatic ns it was, I think you will agreo with mo in admitting that so striking and horrible an apparition starting out suddenly from nothing, grisly and transparent, yet endowed with apparent lifo and motion, was cal culated to appeal a guilty conscience if anything was. The stngo boll rung, and tho curtain wns drnwh from a platform, represent ing with minuto fidelity tho interior of tho parlor in the Planter's Hotel, where Air. Ainsley hail been murdered. No thing wns apparent on tho stage, nnd, as not a word of introduction had been given to tho audionco, no one knew whnt. to expect. Suddenly two forms, appar ently starting from nothing, appeared within tho chamber ; a bearded Air. Ainsley nnd a lady, who bore as close n resemblance as possible to his wifo, in tho dress wo supposed she might then have worn. I have stationed my self nt n side-point when I could watch tho 6tago, mid sco Mrs. Ainsley's faco as well. I scrutinized thclultcr keenly, and could see by the eager out-stretched fnco, tho half-opened lips, and the con vulsive heaving of the bosom, that she wns drinking in every detail of the scone. I marked every movemont of hor body, every musclo of her faco, as tho phantom Air. Ainslcy on tho stngo turned bnlf-round and away from tho phantom lady. I could sco her gasp for breath ; I could seo her gnze en chained immovably upon the spectacle, as tho phantom murderess (meant to be n counterpart of herself) stolo stealthily up behind tho bearded inan, holding a dagger uplifted in her jeweled hand, whilo every object in the room could be distinctly seen through both the plinn- toin forms. An awful silence seemed to paralyze the astonished audience, totally at n loss to account for tho sceuo or its mode of production. Tho dagger in tho jeweled hand dcsconded upon tho back of tbo phnntoiu Mr. Ainsley ; both phantoms vanished ; a thrill of horror ran through tho hushed and motionless assembly, and, with a low moan, Mrs. Ainsley sank forward prono upon tbo. floor. But at tbis moment thorc ran through tho salon a shriek so discordant in its unearthly shrillness, a yell of such in finite despair, that I, with tho rest of tire guests, roso to niy feet as if struck hy an electric shock, and looked to tho ounrtcr whcnco the awful cry procoedod. There stood a young and beautiful femnlo with arms flung wildly above her bend, her lovely foatures ovidontly in awful ngony. A second yell, even more fearful and unearthly, succeeded the first, suddenly changing into peals of ghastly nnd horrible laughter, t rushed up seeing that there wns a maniac to deal with, nnd, with tho assistance of several gentlemen, succeeded in restrain ing nnd carrying her to an interior chamber. As I did so, I observed, with whatfcclings I leave you to imagine that site, too, wore three rings, the vounterpart of> those worn by the murdered Mr, Ainslcy and his wife. Tho scquol is soon told. Tho lady who went innd at tho tableaux vivants was a cousin of tho widowed Airs. Ainsloy, closely resembling hor in appearance, nnd a remarkably beautiful creolc. It seemed that at one timo Mr. Ainsloy had paid her particular atten tions, but that, for somo reason or othor thoso had been broken off, and ho had Glided by mnrrying ns ho did. This incident, of course, ended my 'search. There was no doubt in my mind that tlio unfortunato lady, illustrating Byron's saying, that " hell has no fury fury liko a woman scorned," wns the nctunl assassin of Mr. Ainsloy. Justice, howevor, raises no sword against a madwoman nnd nobody hns yet un raveled tho mystery of the St. Louis murder but myself, Air. Ainsloy's brother, nnd you. 