On the Brink of Miagara. " Did you ever hear of a man's standing on the top of Niagara Falls without losing his life ? " asked Mr. C, P. Sherman yesterday. " Well, I did. You have heard of the magnifi- cent ice-bridge below the Falls. Having busi- ness at Buffalo Iran up to look at the ice gorge. The ice, which had poured down from the upper lakes, piled up at the foot of the Horse- shoe and froze under the spray. I clambered over the bridge, and, going up on the Cana- dian Bide, went down under the Horseshoe Fall into the Cave of the Winds. What superb stalagmites and stalactites of ice there were there, reaching from roof to floor, with the thundering curtain of the fall between us and the light. After I had recrossed the river by the suspension bridge I crossed the bridge above the American Fall to Goat Island, which was covered with snow and deserted. The shrub- bery and trees near the Falls were coated with ice-in places, on some of the trunks, several inches in thickness-looking as if they had been cut out of marble or were the ghosts of dead trees. Wandering across the island, I crossed over to the Three Sisters, and, by means of a jam of great blocks of ice, out to the old canal-boat, past which the water was rushing Bwiftly. " Going back to Goat Island, I went down to the foot-bridge to Terrapin Bock, where the old tower used to atand, and out on the rock. When I got there I observed that a quantity of ice covered with snow had by some means become fixed upon the projecting rocks on the edge of the Horseshoe Fall beyond the rock where I stood, forming a bridge on the extreme edge of the fall, about 100 feet long by perhaps ten or fifteen feet wide. Instantly the desire to go upon this bridge and to look over the fall seized me. I dug out a stone from the snow, as heavy as I could lift, and, stepping out as far as I dare, threw it with all my force upon the bridge, which stood firm, the stone stick- ing fast in the snow. Then I ran back to the islandnnd broke off a good stout staff, and, coming back to Terrapin Book, com- menced the rather trying journey. The snow which covered the ice waB itself covered with a thin coating of ice, which broke beneath my feet, thus giving' me a good foothold, and as to my head I was sure of that, as I had thoroughly tested its anti-dizziness the preceding summer on Bhipboard and among the Swiss glaciers and preci- pices. Proding my staff or alpenstock heavily into the snow before me to try the way, I walked out until I had reached about the middle of my ice bridge, and then I stopped to look. The sight waa the grandest and the most awe- inspiring I have ever be- held. As I looked up the river the curve of the on- coming water seemed almost as high as my head, and, steadying my eye upon some float- ing particle, the whole mass seemed coming down upon me with an irresistible power that must inevitably carry me over the brink and into eternity ; but with a swift, hissing rush, it swept nnder me, leaped out, and, with a horrible roar, plunged into the awful chasm, whence huge clouds of spray, like the smoke of its torment, ascending, swept back and over me. "Steadying myself by my staff, I sank I quietly upon my kneeB, then stretched myself flat upon my Btomach, and looked down over the fal).. You can imagine what I saw. "When the spray would clear away, the water rushing so swiftly as to appear to be drawn into lines and furrows, and, springing out under my very face, could be seen to fall, at first a solid, greenish mass, then broken into foam, into a chaos which the eyes could not penetrate. I could feel my bridge trembling with the rush of the water, and, realizing that any moment might see it and me following the descending flood, I rose, took one look up and down-a look to last for a lifetime-and retraced my steps. As I passed the rock I had thrown on the bridge, I could not resist the temptation of dislodging it and seeing it whirl away over the liquid precipice." 