THE GENERAL DEPRESSION Perhaps never since Australia has been inhabited by Europeans has there been so much misery as there at present exists throughout the whole of the various colonies. Look where wo will there is always this one fact staring us in the face, and that is the number of persons unem ployed. During the past month, things have reached a worse state than ever before, and tnere are indeed many persons in the adjoining colonies who have nought to eat and no place whereon to lay their aching heads. There are a great many people who will not believe that there is anything of the sort existing ; but there are alwaya those who never will believe anything until the very worst comes out. These people would not believe there were any men out of employment, not if they aaw thousands in the streets idle), until the unemployed, overwrought with the effects of starvation and despair, and having lost a portion of their senses, start up in rebellion and lay waste to valuable property. Then, and then only, do these people find out that things arc really bad. In South Australia there are a great many men wandering about really in search of employment, but are unable t0 get it ; and in Adelaide alone there are some 500 or so men out of employment. In look ing into the trades of the unemployed there will be found some of almost every trade, but the majority are connected with the building trade and labourers. In Gawler, work is equally as scarce as else where, and Messrs J. Martin & Co. are obliged to reduce the number of hands in their employ. At times like these the Government should hasten on with Public Works which are authorised and thev might even go further, they could start works of public utility, and it would be a strange tiling if a Parliament could not saiiclion such a thing, especially when it serves two purposes— first, getting the work done, and; secondly, preventing a number of families from tasting the pan^s of starvation, besides setting the work done a great deal clieapsr. Thurc are many ways of looking at the labour ques tion, but thew can be no excuse for any Government who ignores a patent fact like that of the great number of unem ployed at present in the colony without making some effort to give relief. Jn Adelaide it has been thought advisable by one gentleman to give relief to those per sons through a soup kitchen, and in this he has been generously assisted by sub scriptions to purchase bread. Now this could never have been done in the unbe lieving city of Adelaide if there had not been a real cause for it. Not only is work scarce, but tlie price of provisions is extremely high. Meat has risen to nearly double what it was two years ago, ami everything else except bread, in propor tion, so that those who made provision for ' a rainy day' find their little store rapidly disappearing, and so far as they can foresee nothing is likely to turn up to enable them to replenish their store. Truly this is a pitiable state of affairs, and it behoves everyone to put his shoulder to the wheel and try and help on to better d^ys. Of course, it was almost impossible to foretell the great commer cial depression that has overtaken us but it will serveto show our legislators; that assisted immigration will always be suff icient to supply our wants taking one season with another. It was not expected that the past season would have proved so unpropitious to the farming community as it has done, for with a larger yield it was then fondly imagined that the farmers would be able to recover themselves a little from tbeir past failures and goings backk. But, alas fur the country their hopes were: rudcly dashed to the ground soon after the wheat season began, with the result that a general gloom of depres sion has spread over the land. To alle viate this, it is the duty of the Govern ment to at once devise measures for the relief of the many who are verging upon starvation in some form or other, they arc no longer worthy the confidence and trust of even their blindest follower. That they could easily do so admits of not the slightest doubt, and as men working for the benefit and good Government of the country they must do so or resign their positions. Gaw&er; Band of Hope. — The quarterly entertainment of the Gawler Wesleyan Band of Hope was given in the School room, on Wednesday evening. There was a large attendance and a capital programme. consisting of songs and recitations, was gone through. Industrial Exhibition-. — An Indus trial Exhibition in connection with the Chamber of Manufactures has been held in Adelaide this last fortnight, in the Exhibi tion Buildings.- Adelaide, and has proved a great success. A very large number of articles of all kinds have been exhibited, and sucu snows as tins tend to do a large amount of good in the colony. Me3srs. J. Martin and Co. secured a number of prizes for their exhibits. New Kniobt. — It will be pleasing to all colonists to know that Her Majesty has created Samuel Davenport a Knight Bachelor. He has done a deal of good to the colony, while Commissioner of the Exhibitions of Philadelphia, Paris, Sydney and Melbourne, and besides this he has fostered the olive oil industry to a very large extent. Unclaimed Letters.— E Allwright. Mr Andrew, J Angley, Miss J Banner, Airs Wm Baly, Mary S Battrill, C Churches, John Calbiry, Geo Learpetiter, John Templer, Mr Dowe, P Farrell, H J Fowles, Mrs A E Fraser, Mrs Gawler, Harry Jones, J S G Lovestone, Alex McLaren, W Mitchell, Miss D O'Loughlin, Robert Osevald, W J Penrose, S Ring, William Stafford, S Skeives, G Schnnll, W H Spinks, W J Smith, Henry Told H D Thomas, John Turfield, P Thomson, J Wilson, Jas Ward, Jas Window, W Way, Mrs Walsfod, H Jeuck. PnoFESsroNAL. — In another column we notice that Dr. J. G. Jeffreys, L.R.L.P. and L. S. A., intends to commence prac, tice in Gawler. We hear the gentleman has had extensive practice in England, besides having been educated at St. Guy's and St Thomas's Hospital, Loudon,of the latter he is a perpetual member. His testimonials speak highly o£ him as a hard working painstaking successful member of his pro fession. He had at one time held appoint ment in the Medical Asylum in Salisbury, England, (672 beds) and ingratiated him self with all classes of patients. We wish him every success in Gawler. St. Geokge's Chtjbch. — On Tuesday evening a special vestry meeting was held in St. George's School-room. There was a large attendance, the Rev. Canon Coombs, E.D., occupied the chair. The meeting was called for the purpose of con sidering the question of building additions to the Church, and to decide what they should be. As we have before stated it lias been considered advisable for the past few years to complete the Church, and after £400 had been raised by a bazaar, the next question of course was what should be done either to erect a tower, a transept, or a chancvl. Plans and esti mates wore submitted to the meeting, and aiLui a nine uitiuussiou it was resolved almost unanimously to erect a small tran sept with chancel complete, thus providing for organ, choir and voslry. By this means, 150 seats will be added to the body of the Church besides leaving the gallery open to be let, which will give 80 seats more, or 230 altogether. The question of a tower was left in abeyanca for a time. To carry out tha work a Building and Finance Committee was appainted, con sisting of the following — ttev. Cauon Uoombs, and Messrs. J. Martin, J P.; H. E. Bright, sen., J.P. ; L S. Burton (Mayor of Gawler), Dr. Djfves, \V*. R. Lewis, T. Hill, T. C. Fowler, G. Warren, J.P. ; J. Rudall, S.AI.; S. B. Rudall, C. H. Tirigg, C. T. Pollit, W. H. Gome and F. H. Lewis. The Australian Eleven. — The present Australian Eleven are not having such rosy times of it as their predecessors had, nor what they imagined themselves they would nave. TJiey suflerert a short severe defeat at the hands of the Marylebone Club thh past week, being 115 rims and an innings behind at the conclusion of the match, the Englishmen scoring 481 in one innings, of which W. G. Grace made 100, Steel, 134, and Barnes, 105, not out. The Australians, who had to bat without Mid winter, who hurt his hand while fielding, responded with 18 1 and 182, Grace, Steel, and Stadd scoring all the wickets iu both innings. The highest scorers on the visiting side were, Banucrinan, 32-22 ; McDonnell. (U-d ; fJifr.»n 'A.oix ? \r-i»in.i. 25-42 ; not out. {jpofforth, 14-37. Yankee Factory- Girls. — Iu ono of tlie factories in Maine the proprietor recently reduced the wagjs, whereupon there was a general determination to 'strike' and, as the giila we«e obliged to give a mouth'a noticebefore quitting work, they have mean while issued a circular to ihe world at large, iu whi^li is the followin j iutereiting par agraph : — 'VVe are now working out our uuti'.e, and shall soon ba without tmp'oy menc ; can tnrn our hands to most anything don't like to be idle — but determined not to work f jr nothing when people can afford to pay. Who wants help '! We caa make bon nets, dresses, puddiugs, pies and cakes ; darn, pitch, and knit ; roast, stew and fry ; make butter and cheese, mi!k cows and feed chickens and hoe corn; sweep out the kitchen, put the parlor to rights, make beds, split wood, kindle fires, wash and iron ha. eidte being remarkably fond of babies ; in fact, can do anything the most accomplished housewife is capable— not forgetting the scolding on. Mondays aid Saturdays. For specimens of our spirit we refer you to our overseer. Speak quick. Black eye3, f lir foreheads, clusteriug locks, beautiful as a Unbc, can aing like a seraph, and ami e most bswitchingly. An elderiy gentleman in want of a liousekeepar or a nics young man in waufc of a wife — willing to sustaiu any character ; in fact, we are in the market VVho bids; Ojiuj — going — jono ? Who's the luckv man ?' 'Ymj Dus't Know Tiikir Value.'-- ' They cured me of biliousness and kidney complaint, as recommended, £ !iad a half-bottle left, which lused for my two little {»'rls. who the doctors and neigli butu-3 said could not be cured. I am onrHeiit Isliwld havu lost both of them »iio iiijjht it I had. m-l hiu the Hop Jlillors in my house lo use. Thai is why 1 say you do not know half the value of Hop Bitters, and do nob recommend them highly enough.' See The Drawing-Room Minsteels. — On Friday last the Drawing-room Minstrels made their first appearance at the St. George's School-room. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the room was very full, and all the vacant seats had been previously reserved, so that the School-room, in whose aid the performance was given, will reap a nice sum from it Before commencing the evening's, perfor mance, the stage-manager (Air. A. G. Wells) apologised for the absence of Mr. C. Warren, who had been ordered to Sydney, and stated they had induce:! Mr. Lamprey of the Siiowllake Minstrels to take his place. The opening chorus was very good, and gave promise of what was to tollow. Mr. F. Barrett in ' Norine Maureen.' was well received : and Mr. J. Crump (tambo),in the comic song, 'Keep the middle of the road,' served to keep up the high character of the Company. ' Mother kissed me in my dream' was next successfully essayed by Mr. Lamprey and met with a fair share of applause. Mr. Parkes was at his best in 'The vacant chair,' and was obliged to submit to an encore, and in this case it was fully deserved. Mr. Wells (bones) created a deal of amusement by his rendition of ' Don't be foolish, Joe,' and was also called upon for an encore, to which he responded. ' Sweet Genevieve' was the last solo in the first part, and was sung by F. Barrett. The finale of the first part, ' The Blue Ribbon Army,' was a ffrsat success, and was worthy of the great applause bestowed upon it. After a very short interval, Mr. A. H. Munune gave ' The Warrior bold,' and was heard to great advantage. Messrs A. Parkes and F. Barrett were excellent in ' All's well,' but the next number — ejinic song aud dance, ' The Cures,' by Messrs. Weils and Crump — fairly brought down the house, the applause at the end being one solid voluins of sound from every part of the house, and an encore would not be denied the audience. ' Come where my love lies dreaming' was capitally given by Messrs. Muinme, Parkes, Lamprey, and Barrett. Tlie whole of the evening's entertainment was concluded with a negro farce arranged by Mr. Wells, entitled 'Bal de Af rique, or de Ball's a-goin' on,' which kept the audience in one continual laugh, and certainly fulfilled its titleof laughable and side-splitting. Mr. Wells, as Jim, the smart boy, had the principal portion of the work to do, and the least that can b» said of the part is that it was well done. The other characters did the small amount of work they had to do well, and the whole piece passed off without the slightest hitch. The characters were taken as fol lows — Jim, tlie smart boy, Wells ; Mr. Barnum, Mumme ; Hamlet's Ghost, Crump ; Richard X., Parkes ; Mr. Dead head, Barrett ; Member of the Press, Barnet ; Mary, the Milk-maid, Tidenvmn. air. George F. Barnet efficiently presided at the pianoforte throughout the evening. We had almost forgotten to mention that the jokes of bones and tambo were very good, and far above the average, the local bits were numerous, and amongst them were the following :— ' Why are the Drawing-room Minstrels like one of Shakespeare's plays ? Because it's ' All's well that ends Well(s).' ?' Why are the Alinstrels like happy innocent babies ? — Because they have always got their Mumme with them.' ' Why is the row in the Town Council like very unsettled weather 1 — Because it comes nearly all through May.' ' Why is Wood, the raitn-ueaier, hkc uonicaoic u. i — uecause he i3 always trying to lay his hands on soni3 one.' Each of these wera well received. The performance was repeated last evening to the Sunday-school children, and a fair sprinkling of adults, and judging from the applause of the youngsters they were highly well pleased with it. The amount to be handed over to the School-room is £10 5s., which will reduce the debt on the piano, their only debt, to about £10. Opening of the Salvation Army. — Ever since the Salvation Army established themselves at Gawler they have conducted their services in a building f.he use of: which was aHovred 1 1 them oy Messrs. J. Martin & Cj. Tlie premises, however, being required by the firm, and the Sal vationists having occupied them for four months beyond tlie time for which permis sion to use them had been given, the Army rec3ntly determined, if possible, to provide barracks of their own. A site was procured at a coit of £250 in Torld street; the memorial stons of the building was laid on April 3 last, and on Saturday! May 24, the new barracks were opened. The building, which is capable of seating about 600 persons, is 70 feet in length, by 40 feet ia heiglir, with 21 feet walls. Its external appearance is satisfactory, but it has only been roughly finished inside, and would be all the better for a coat of plaster. At the far end is a platform raised three feet from the £rf-'nd, at the back of which is a tier of tliree seats, capable of giving asonumdation t.i 100 persons. The co3t will probably be about £001. The barracks are lighted in the evening by six double armed gas-jets The services to celebrate the completion of the new edifice were conimencad on Saturday afternoon, May 21, when there were present Afaj »r Tliumian, Staff ciprains Albiston ami Ohlham (Kapanda), Staff-officers Parks an 1 J. J01183, Captains Vettys, Foilc. and Upton, ami others. The service was of the usual army des iription —prayers, addresses, and hyinn3 aitern 1 ting throughout. Major Thurman during the course oi' his remarks gave expression to the thank* of the Army to Me6sw. James ftDutin and Ca. for allowing the use of their building an a barracks. Allusion was made by several speakers to the efforts oeing put tortu with a view of stopping processions of the army in the streets, and a determination was arrived at to persevere with the outdoor demonstrations. Captain Oldhtim informed the meeting that in a short time petitions would be forwarded to every corps for signature, and a monster petition would -4» presented to Parliament asking that the Arniy be pro tected from interference. Addresses were delivered by all the officers whose names have been mentioned, and evoked the usual jicoh i,v appiauso oc iae conijrcgrtr.iOTi . Tlie visitors present congratulated the 'Jrtwler corps at having so bauutifiil a buildiu 1 to worship in, and. expressed a hope that success would atteud t'usir efforts. A collection was taken during the service. In the evening the usual pro cession took place through the town, aud a large meeting followed in the barracks. On Sunday a grand field day was held, at which Rome of tlie soldiers gut unusually excited. On Monday a monster tea-%ht \v;i3 partaken of by a Urge nuraber°if persons. At the ;.fter meeting the repiit and balancc-3heet wjre read by Staff officer Jones. After the meeting an Hallelujah sepper was held to clear off the remains froii the tea, and this purpose was certainly effected. The results of the exertions put forth are, we understand, very satisfactory, from a financial point of view. OrENiNGOF Parliament.— The opening of Parliament is fixed for Thursday next. Dr. Cockburn (Burra) will move, and Mr. J. J. Miller (Stanley) will second the adoption of the address. Don't Die is the Hodse. — 'Rough on Rats' clears out rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bugs, flies, ants, insects, moles, jack rabbits, gophers, Moses, Moss, & Co , Sydney, General Ageots. Salvation Army Vagaries.— Under this head the Advertiser has the following : — A monster demonstration in connection with the Brompton Corps of the Salvation Army, was held at Hindmarsh, on Monday after- noon, the object ostensibly being to keep people out of the public-houses. The pro- ceedings were most irregular, and sympa- thisers with the army who witnessed what was termed ' religious worship' were dis- gusted with the buffoonery displayed. A procession headed by a brass band and about twenty-five young women playing on tam- bourines, left the barracks early in the after- noon and proceeded up Chief-street. When some little distance from the Gasworks Hotel, ' Captain' Gore, wearing a scarlet guernsey and cap, rushed forward and mounted (in front of the hotel) ' a real live donkey,' on which it was understood he was to precede the procession in imitation of Christ's entry into Jerusalem. Some diffi- culty was experienced in getting the donkey to go, but with the assistance of about fifty small boys he moved on, the procession in the meantime having advanced a consider- able distance. On arriving at Brompton Park a ring was formed, and an attempt was made by ' Captain' Gore to ride his donkey into it, but the beast was obstinate, and would not go, which necessitated the use of physical force, and by main strength the animal was carried into the ring. 'Captain' Gore dismounted in order to facilitate the operation. By way of diversion tlie rider remounted his steed ths right way ; he then sat sideways, and finally wrong way about which created a great deal of amusement' and laughter. Some other ludicrous perfor- mances were indulged in, after which a move was made to an open piece of ground off Gibson-street, Bowden. By this time the donkey had became very fractious and stubborn, and as its rider on more than one occasion came to grief its services were dis- carded. The concourse of people now num- bered considerably over a thousand, and they were almost as well entertained as they would have been by seeing Chiarini's circus. A riug having been formed, what was called ' Hallelujah gallops' were performed. These consisted of jumping and dancing to the strains of the band and the tinkling of the tambourines, and the relating of 'testi- monies' two and more at a time. At one period a number of 'soldiers' attired in scarlet guernseys and military caps, tried to outvie each other in what appeared to be a jig, the music being supplied by a concer- tina. Some of the dancers became very much exhausted by their|efforts, and had to cease in order to obtain breath. The greatest burlesque, perhaps, was the merry-go-round. The big drum, and the standard flags were placed in the middle of the ring, and the 'soldiers' with their female comrades, en- gaged in a general rush round, which termi- nated in confusion. The ' corroboree,' as it was described in the placards, consisted of an indescribable medley of sounds, and very much resembled a blackfellow's corroboree, except that there was less music in it. The usual 'drumhead' collection was made, and a good sum was contributed. Many of the onlookers expressed great disgust at the painful travesty of religion which was exhi- bited, and which is quite unprecedented in the history of the town. ArSTRALIAN MaNSTA.— At least two different natural productions met with in Australia pass under the name of 'manna' among the colonists. One of these occurs orignally as a moderately viscid liquid, under thin pieces of exfolia finer narlr rm Al rVawnnf- «**,,«.? ? _£ ra ? lyptus, from which it falls in drops in a more or less solid state to the ground. This kind, which consists of inellitoss, has been looked upon a* being produce: 1 hy a species of Ucada; but according to Mr. Tepper (Journ. Lin. Soc, xvii. 109), that is not tne case, U13 Jiq-ud. ejected by the Cicada not being sweet. Tlie real pro ducer o£ this 'manua' i3 .» small ?' larva,' probablq of a species of Psylla or allied genus, which is faund uuiler a white ' fluffy' substance that always surrounds and frequently overspreads the clear liquid on the bark. Tho other kini is a solt'l manna that forms around the branches or on the leaves of eticalyrs, as Kucalyptns oleata and E. odorata, in white scales, and is the product of the ' Jern' insect. It consists of roundish discs of about a line in -liatne'«r, forme 1 of small, Irregular, agglutinated globules of solid mellitose. Tbcss occur most plentifully around the branchlets springing from th.- stumps of trees th if. hive l-«e.i parti-ill - destroyed by fire extending fiejuently for five or six inches. The discs appear first as small species in December sr January, and under «ach mav ha fnnnrl ?- sma'r larva fixed tn the spot by its short pro boscis, which is buried in the bark. ? Phann-iceutical Journal. Expedition Husbandry and House wifery. — An American piper recorJs a feit recently performed l-y en inhabitant of Carullton iu ih-- presence of spectators, lie invited them to see how quickly grow ing wheat could be converted into biscuits. Two years ago, it seems, ths same nun had served round to a party of guests bread baked by his wife just 8| minutes after the wheat was standing in the field. Ho determined to surpass his former achievement and succeeedod. At six minutes after four the reaper stood beside the growing wheat, men being stationed every iew reet along the line of grain, ready to seize an armful as it fell, anl to rush off with it to the thrasher hard by. She mill was jnst 15 rods away. At 'the drop of the hat,' the mines sprang to work ; in a minute and a half a peck of wheat was iu a sack anl on the back of a horse, that set off at a gallop for Uie milL Just one minute saventcm sejonla later ^l. ** O ? J_i? ? 1 - .. ? . ?™ u«ut was ueuvcrcu lo wio agricultu rist's wife, and m two minutes (hree sees, from the starting of the reaper the first ^ri.iJte cake was eaten : whilst rather 111 no taau a luii.ute later a pan of well Oakcd biscuits were pissed ro.ind tc the sLdiniriii£ spectators, who, a-lda the paper, intend presontina; their fellow- to^usinm with a suitable testimonial for his and Ins ivifo's smartness. The eu.tin^ of a iluiu ,:i 1, bclit?v«3'l lo be I ch-j lar^it ever cut in Ain^rici, has just { been co.-n piece. 1 ia B .stun, the process having oceupie I in- »re than three months. The stone ivas found ia South Africa, au.l was imported, by » JCcw York iirm. !t* weight in the rough was nearly 12a carats Th c gem ia very brilliant and beautiful Bolt. — This morning a powerful team I of two horses belonging to Mr. Jamet I Peek, railway contractor, started off from! Mr. Belt's shop. One of the horses got the I blinkers off: by rubbing its head against I the pole of. the trolly. The street vrae I pretty clear of vehicles at tlie time ; they galloped up Murray-street at a fearful pace The driver, James Pinder, manfully stuck to the reins, and steered them cleat through the gate l-ading to the stable, where thiy were brought to a standstill. We are happy to state that no damage occurred, with the exception of a slight cut en the shoulder of one of the horses and the breaking of the pole of tl-e trolly. Paper Boats. — Many will re-Member the incredulity with which the public] met the first announcainent that paper! was to be used as a substitute f -r fine I linen as an article of drcs?. Thep.iper] collar commanded, however, a rea^y sale, and is still a marketable article. Of late years paper has received so manydiffereu applications as to be almost numberless As a vegetable pulp it is plastic, it un easily cjinpressed and affords a ready medium for other substances. Accordin. to the substance mixed with the vege table paste it can be renderel either water or fireproof ; or by immense pressire, without the addition of any foreigu material, it is rendered sufficiently rigid to be made into barrels, wheels fo. carriages, -fcc. It is only a question ut manipulation whether the paper should take the character aud hs the substitute of wood, iron, stone, or ivory. One of th© latest applications is in shipbuilding. Tli3 Westinglionse Company, in Americi. win have been of late years turning out snull paper boats, arc now construction' a paper steam launch. The paper is workel to afull-sjz?d uioJe! of wool until the required thickness is obtained, when it is detached, waterproof an-l varnished A similar \ess2l was recently launched at St. Petersburg. She measures 21 fee long by 5 wide, and is driven by steam. The American Government have ordered several torpedo boats with paper hulls. It is evident that vessels constructed of this material will be remarkably buoyant, ami are said to be stronger and more durable than wood. The absence of joints and cracks, and not being affected by change of temperature, gives a complete im munity from the dangers of leakag.;. The material we fear will be too costly for vessels or a large size, but this new adap tion may prove of eminent service in special cases. A Valuable Discovery. — America maintains its name tor ' big things. In Lower California four mountains are said to have been discovered, two of whic'i consist of alum and sulphur, and the re maining one of sulphur. The first two mentioned are said lo be solid alum from base to summit,and almost chemicilly pure The adjourning mountain isof likcchar.icter with 20 per cent, of sulphur in its com position ; anl close by this is another mountain of almost pure sulphur, with veins of alum running through the mass. In this remarkable group, it is estimated that there are 109,000,003 ton* of alum, and 1.000,000 tons of sulphur ; nor d«es this exhaust the supply, as at another spot, some 150 miles distant, three other moun tains of alum equally large are found, but with more silica in their composition. These deposits are the more remarkable, as alum has not been found iu a state of nature except in the case of some springs and extinct volcanoes. The alum of com merce 111 a manufactured article, extracted from alum-shale or alum-slato. The mountains in question belong to the Cocopa Range, bordering the Colorado Desert, in a country that is new and com paratively unexplored. An AngloAmeri can Company has been formed to work this inexhaustible sunnlv of nlum fur thp purpose of converting it into aluminum, from which the alnminiiini.-bisimuli bronzs goida are made. Not far from this alum diKinct in tha Cocopa Ranije there occurs a remarkably fine vein of Mica, of the species known as Muscovite, which is said to surpa=s-s any tiling of: t'le kind hitherto discovered. Tho texdirc in ex ceptionally fine and transparent, .ml sp'its up into very large kruinnj It reaches a maximum thtckue^, in th'. v,iin, ol: three feet, and can lie tricsd a c -:isidera!-Ii; dis tance. Similar veins occur at other places in the range, and, indeed, through a dis tance of from 80 to 100 miles the moun tains sparkle with their debris. Sinful Reporters. — The Salvation Army are offering up a special prayer for reporters At one of their meetings recently a reporter, who happened to be kaovra. was present, and during the evening I13 was thus allude I to : — ' We have a reporter here, a tnissrabic reporte-, ?, Mnfu servant of the unholy newspapers. The Prince of Darkness ha* mide him stiibl-orn. He will not join us. Cli, the wicked reporter ! The devil ho'ds the fort of his brain Ite ia g)ii»tothe kingdom of flimcs, and he is a typa of all reporters, win arc a wicked lot.' This benevolent aud Christian speaker then paused to see the effect of his de.hmition upon the pressman. Seeing that He irai ap parently unmoved the speaker clasj e 1 hi* hands together and filling upon his knees continued :— ''Oh, kill tin* repo t?r ; kiii him. He is to- obstinate tiyiell. He is proud ; all reporters are pro id. O'.i, strike him do.vn, foi he is tho devil in d'sgiisr.' Tiie nev.sra-!ie--r l'ie:i t-iou lit t was Umc to po htm'. 