TEE CAULFIELD CUP CANDI DATES. BY "Stprtinq." Comet is a bay gelding, by The Drummer out of Atalanta, and since, uuder Gst. 131b., he ran second to Masquerade for the Metropolitan, has been ever about to do a good thin?, but has as often failed lamentably. Although a descendant of the famous Betty, by Hector, I fear that a soft spot exists iu this grandson of the groat Bataplan ; and although 7st. 71b. is a racing weight, I thiuk ho will foil to carry the Hon. John E⩽ colours to victory in the Caulfield Cup. Vergy, by Gemma de Vcrgy from Kitty, a sister to Gipsy Cooper, is a powerful brown horse in the stable of that veteran trainer, Mr. William Long. This horse received some support at the V.B.C. Autumn Meeting for the Australian Cup, hut failed to run ap to expec- ' tations, and, 1 fancy, bos not done as well as his frieuds could desire in his present prepara tion, as whispers of soreness have reached me. He showed fair pace when he won the Maiden Plato ; but he is one of those big horses whose long stride would hardly be suited by the fre quency of the C&ulfield; turns. At present I do not like his chance, though my final opinion respecting him may he influenced by later information. Ned o' the Hills, 4 yrs, Tat. 71b., by Pride of the Hills from Eoterpe, is by a champion winner, and is out of the same marc as that verv fair South Australian performer, The Dutchman. As a two-year-old extraordinary brilliancy of pace characterised liim, and his victory in the Adelaide Birthday Cup, under 7st., in Smin. 13scc., when notoriously unfit, stamps him as a high-class racehorse. He now pursues hia studies under Mr. James Bed- fearn's tuition at Williamstown, and if that gentleman has his superior, ho muse hold a big mortgage over the great stake under considera tion. This horse mast be a bad 'un to beat. Conjecture, full sister to the mighty Guess work, and, by being born a day too soon, ranks as the eamc age as that equine celebrity, though really a year younger, is a very truly- made and well-grown maro, and her second to Malua in the Adelaide Cup proves her posses sion of a fair share of the family pace. Under Mr. James Wilson, jun.'s, care she has made many friends at Flcmiugton since then, but I do not fancy her as the actaal winner of the Caulfield Cup. Boron Von Hneller is now aged. Of pace this son of Gang Forward and Hippona has his fair share, but in stayiug ability be has hitherto proved deficient, and rumours of an ugly knock received daring his last trip do not reoommend him. His best performance over this distance woe when he ran third to The Plunger in the Victorian Club Cap under 7»t. lllb., and in tbe e&me; buckle he might have a ehanoe here. I do not think the aandy going will suit hi, and therefore do not fancy his chance. Claptrap, by Tim Whifflsr, from Talkative, it now a five- year-old, and at 7st. 71b. has all he deserves. He has tremendous paoe, as eviuoed by bis getting badly off, and then gaining a situation in the Newmarket Handi cap, but hoe been a most disappointing bono, baring shown trials good euough to win Mel bourne and Adelaido Cups, but as yet has only placed one victory to his credit, in which he ran two miles ia slow time in the S.A.J.C. Handicap. At present the stable seem more inclined to rely on Ironmaster, but though both are deoeitful, I think Ciaptrap will run rcry forward and beat his stable companion, and I must class him in tbe dangerous division even uuder 7st 71b. Maroney is a eon of Captivator and Meta, and is rather a plain-lookiug six-year-old gelding, with a uervons head, but good pro pelling power. At 7st. 81b. ho is not crushed with weight. As a four-year-old he performed with some credit in tbe Clarence RivelLtrict, sri at dw ysmeHaMri wtore winning' brackets to his record there, and then, coming to Sydney, ran seven furlongs at Canterbury Park, nuder 8st. 71b., in lmin. 37«c. ; and as Bataplan, 7st. 41b., and Soldier Boy, 9st. 41b. » filled the places, the performance had merit. Hie second toHypatia in the Shorts at Hawkes- bury, and his win in tbe Sportsman's Handicap, stamp him a speedy one, but I fancy he is rather a delicate gentleman, and gives even that clever trainer Mr. Fonlsbam euoagh to do to keep condition on him. I fancy that the last furlong in the Caulfield Cap will find a weak spot in his armour, and I do not think he will credit tbe Gipsy Village stable with this rich stoke, although in a shorter event he may be bod to beat. j Salvo, three years, is a beautifal little cheennt colt, by Somnus from Stella, and , comes of a rareJfamUy, ashis dam is by Kings ton from Begalia, by Telverton from the Waterloo 'mare, and goes bock to Betty, by Heotor. These lines of blood sound like stay ing as well as going fast, and he is just the neat, quick sort of colt that should 'be suited! both by the going and tbe turns at Osulfieldi and I fsnoy him most of the Hon. Jamej White's team, although I hardly think be will get bome nnder the weight, as he woald require to be a 7Jb. better horse than Little Jack was at a like age to do so. Battailous, 6 y re, 7et. 91b., is said to be one of the best- looking horses in training, but bis reoent running at Bondwick evinces a partiality to a shorter coarse than this, and a disinclina tion to struggle when the pinch comes. I do not think the son of Warlike and Queensland can win. The Ghost, by Hamlet from Filibuster's sister, Mystery, pleased me greatly when the weights appeared, but since then I have begun to doubt his staying ability, although his breeding should enable him to stop for a month. Ss brilliancy of paoe is undeniable, but tbe fall he got in the Maiden Hurdle Race may have hurt his back, and I do not like bim as well as I did. Ironmaster, a five-year-old half-brother to Progress, being by Tubal Cain out of Coquette, is big enough and good-looking enough to win the Caulfield Cup from end to end. The weight is a feather to him, but he is cursed with a dirty temper, and if he does not win it, as above mentioned, be will not do so at all, for if he gets knocked about, farewell to his chaace. His pace was shown by the style iu which he won the Goodwood Handicap in Adelaide ; but I like honest horses to follow, and cannot fancy him in such a crowd as will start here. Scaramoache,by Bethnal Green from Gironde, gets plenty of pace from bis sire, and should have'staying power from his dam. He ia said to labour under infirmity in one of his lega> but, should he get well away, he will take a lot of catching, and, provided he keeps sound to tbe day, I include him in the very dangerous division. Britisher, by John Bull from Favourite, is a clever little horse, has, under a feather weight, ran third in the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan to Sting and Masquerade re spectively, and, no doubt, has a lot of pace, but I cannot fancy him on this occasion, as I faocy he is over-rated and over -weighted. Sir Garnet is a horse of different calibre, and thisfnll brother to The Assyrian is quite master of the 7t. lllb. assigned him. As a three-year- old he showed brilliant pace in the Toorak Handicap, and age must have served him. His legs are said to give his trainer anxiety, bnt he will be very dangerous in this great race, and will make the yellow jacket conspicuous in the rails. Colstoun, 7 st. lllb., is also well in, and, despite his recent defeat at Elsternwick, where he was backed for pounds, shillings, and peoce, I think ho will have a great deal to say in the Caulfield Cup. He looked brilliant in his coat at Elsternwick, but seemed a little above him self, and straggled gamely home under a heavy burden. He was defeated but uot disgraced, and will certainly, with ordinary luck, bring back the heavy price paid for him. The Andes, by St. Albans out of Tincture, is, I fancy, hardly class enough for the company he will meet here, and is, I fancy, harshly used in being made to concede a ound to a horse like Colstoua. I do not like his chance. Capri, at 7st. 131b., deserves respect, and is likely to have every justice done him at Walter Higiubottam's capable hands. His dead heat for second honours in the Mares' Produce Stakes, aod his second to Maguet in tbe Mid summer Handicap, prove that, as a growiug colt, thia full brother to Coortenay had both pace and staying power, and the sons of Yatteadon are generally served by age, and have been remarkably dangerous as four-year- olds. This horse certainly should have a chance. It will thus be seen that, of those above 7st. 71b. and below 8it., Ned o' tbe Hills, Claptrap, Scaramonclie, Sir Garnet, Colstoun, and Capri, in my estimation, are most likelyto be in tbe final struggle. Next week I will discuss the chances of those at 8st. aud over, and, if space permits, re-weigh those of the animals I have classed as dangerous. 