? LINDICO, THE WHITE WOMAN; OE THE HIGHLAND GIBL'S CAP T1VITY AMONG AUSTRALIAN BLACKS. A Stoby OF THE Austbalian Pioneebs. — » By ANGUS McLEAN. AUTHOB OF HABEY BLOOMFIELD. CHAPTER XVHL CHASING THE SPSnBAKOERS. t 0 ° k , u P a fa ^ l ° ck of fine and, which he stocked and formed into a tation, after which he went back to Sydney eompanied by Donald, in the expectation of meeting with Bella, whom Mr. McKay inormed him by letter was on her way out and was daily expected. On bis arrival he was greatly disappointed and alarmed, the aIt h ° Ugh Wy overdue^" 18 ^ In the interval Donald and Mary were married and as Charlie could not wait any onger, he was compelled t<r return to his ation, taking with him Donald as overseer, Mary as housekeeper. Mr. McKay pro- ™ r r d by B P ecial messenger as «*iP arrived, but that happy £ I B occurred 5 for years passed away I concerning the missing ™ £ llfid aI1 parties with intense \- i • f r , Ue was thu « once more plunged time apparently without OT , of enjoying the slightest hapr M^5 e f 1 ™ hhmeU tor encouraging r. McKay to send for his niece, and the the , blame u Pon hi* ownThoSers, which preyed upon his mind, and ulti- ^ jrought him to his grave. £ ^ (JOW Mrs. Munro) shared in the anigrief at the loss of her young mistress, nd named her first born afte? her. On one of his trips to Sydney, Charlie be. oXT'^ t 6 d With a «spectable and orthy family, named Forbes, the head of W& 6 a* the Advocate of Edin- °2? ot earIiest an <* wealthiest quatters in the colony. The /eldest of the ™; 7, ayoun g lad ? possessingmany attrac- ' T. S , ^gaged to a gentleman by the ame of Melville, who had lately arrived; he as possessed of considerable wealth, and as searching for stations, and on his return he marriage was to be celebrated. This Mr. Melvilie (whom Charlie had not s yet seen) was also an acquaintance of the orbes' in Edinburgh, bat Charlie could not ecollect that name among the visitors at the dvocate's house, he therefore supposed that he acquaintanceship was formed after he ft. About this time some of the inland districts ere infested with a band of bushrangers, nder the leadership of a fearful desperado, nown as Captain Melrose, whose depredaions outrivalled those of any gang m the nnals of colonial history. Not a week, or ardly a day, passed without bringing some resh intelligence of outrages committed by hem. A large reward was offered by government or their apprehension, but without effect,and he audacity and coolness with which their eader carried on his practices completely clipsed all previous acts of bushranging. Naturally of a captivating manner, an£ ossessed of great personal attractions, he nvariably succeeded in ingratiating himself n the estimation of unsuspecting and'resectable society, representing himself as a an of fortune in search of stations. J In this disguise he became possessed of inormation regarding parties carrying cash ^ nd other valuables, and in some instances here valuable property had been deposited or security, which was soon pounced upon, s he had his followers always on the alert. The mails were constantly robbed, banks nd stores sansacked, prisoners were libeated, in fact, society seemed completely aralysed by the accounts whioh day after ay appeared. Charlie, with his overseer Donald, had been pon business to Sydney, and on their return ourney passed through a township which ad the previous night been visited by the otorious Captain Melrese and his band, nder the following circumstances;— The day before was the annual race day in hat town, when all the people in the surounding country met. Among others there as a strange gentleman, who put up at the principal hotel; he visited the racecourse, and by his engaging manner and apparently affluent circumstances, had attracted the notice of many, among whom were the stewards, who gave him a most cordial invitation to the ball, which took place the evening following. According to custom the elitH of the district attended the ball, and the stranger, who gained the confidence of all present by his gentlemanly behaviour, became a great favoite. The night being warm and the room rather close, Captain Melrose sought the cool air abput one o'clock in the morning. After being absent for a short time, be returned, to the consternation of all present, and -was followed by a band of armed men; he then commanded everyone present to bail up on one side of the room, his men presenting their arms at the time at them. He then addressed them, saying: "Ladies and gentlemen, I am truly sorry to interrupt your amusement for a short time in such a manner, and also for treating your kindness towards me in such an ungallant way, but you must think that Captain Melrose could not withstand such a display of jewellery and other valuables while he and his brave band i were in need; I have therefore respectfully to command that each and every individual present will at once hand over his or her valuables to my lieutenant, Mr. Williams, and to do so without any hesitation or murmurmur, or I shall be compelled to adopt more unpleasant measures." The very name, " Captain Melrose," filled the audience with terror. Ladies unhesi tatingly handed over their ornaments, and gentlemen gave op their wealth. Having obtained possession of all that was valuable to them, the patty then helped themselves to the refreshments on the side table, and then took their leave, the leader taking a polite farewell of the assembly, and wishing that they might continue their enjoyment as no more interruption would take place from him or his party. It was on this morning of excitment that Charlie and his overseer arrived at the scene of the outrage, and heard with indignation the unequalled effrontery and unfeeling conduct of the notorious Melrose and his gang. Many | of the ladies were still suffering from the fright they received. A local paper gave a full account of the robbery, and a list and description of the articles stolen, with rewards offered for each; messengers were dispatched to the various police stations, and a number of volunteers enrolled themselves for the pursuit of the gang. Charlie and Donald resolved upon searching carefully on their way for the perpetrators. After leaving the township they obtained some clue as to where the band separated, evidently to baffle pursuers; they found that two ot the party had taken the very road that Charlie and Donald had to go, and a rapid pursuit was instantly commenced. After riding for a considerable distance on the tracks of the bushrangers, they arrived at oross roads, when they heard cries of distress proceeding from the bosh. Biding rapidly in the direction of the cries, they found a lady and gentleman tied to separate trees. The unfortunate victims were a squatter named Bamsey and his wife, who had been riding in their carriage, when they were met fay two well-mounted bushrangers, who robbed them of their money, tied them as described, and drove off in their carriage. On being liberated, Mr. Bamsey begged of his liberators to follow them at once, while he and his wife would walk to the nearest police station, and lodge the information. This advice was instantly adopted, Charlie and Munro renewing the pursuit, but this time with more ease and rapidity, as the wheel tracks were quite visible despite the tactics employed by the driver in keeping the hardest part of the road in order to leave no traces behind. However, nothing could baffle the eager pursuers, who traced them to a small village, where the traffic obliterated the impression of the wheels. On enquiring at different places, the only carriage that had been seen was one which conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbes' station on some pressing business. This somewhat puzzled Charlie, as he did not think a poor clergy, man was a likely subject for a bushranger. While considering what course he should pursue, Donald came in hurriedly, telling him that he had discovered the tracks, and which evidently led to Mr. Forbes'. As Charlie intended calling on Mr. Forbes, they started forthwith, and on their arrival they saw a carriage in front of the house. Donald led the horses to the stable, while Charlie entered the house, where Mr. Forbes met him very cheerfully, and introduced him to the clergyman, being the only person in the room besides themselves. Mr. Forbes then said—" I am extremely glad to see you, Mr. Stuart, and you have arrived just in time to share our happiness. You are already awars that my eldestdaughter has been for some time engaged to Mr. Melville, whom, I believe, you have not seen, as he has been travelling in quest of stations. He has arrived, but did not succeed in finding anything to suit him, and is resolved upon proceeding at once to Port Phillip. He has sent on a large number of sheep and cattle, and came a few minutes ago, accompanied by our own worthy pastor, for the purpose of celebrating the marriage at once, and will start off immediately after with his bride. Indeed, the proposition at first took us all by surprise, and I did not like the idea of parting with my daughter at so short a notice, but, as the young couple were unwilling to delay, I was forced to yield. I may also add that Mr. Melville proves himself worthy of my daughter, and a very eligible match in every respect, if we may judge by the valuable presents he has made to every member of my family. You may hear the applause and noise in the next room, which is caused solely by his bounty." The last remark was correct, for each member of the family came rushing into the room, exhibiting hie or her rich and glittering t-easure. The dinner was now ready, after which the ceremony was to take place, and each one took his seat at the table. The last that had entered the room was the bridegroom, leading his intended bride. Mr. Forbes instantly stepped forward, and introduced his future son-in-law to Mr. Stuart, but great surprise was experienced by the whole family at the two gentlemen as they approached each other suddenly stopping, when both turned deadly pale, were unable to give utterance to a single syllable, and eti 'xd sternly in each other's face. The bridegroom was the first to recover himself; then, bowing stiffly, he took his ttj^ beside Miss Forbes at the table. Charlie Kjt his place immediately opposite, when all thrapectators, particularly the hoBt, concluotl that Charlie Stuart, by his singular conduct, had, at one time, been a rival of Mr. Melville. Daring dinner Mr. Forbes, in the course of conversation, inquired of Charlie as to what was the principal news down the country, when the latter gave some account of the daring outrages of the bushrangers, handing a copy of the newspaper containing an account of the stlcking-up case at the Bace Ball. The host read aloud the article in question, which contained a full account of Captain Melrose's atrocities. The bride, who naturally felt for the unfeeling conduct, turned her face towards her lover, and exclaimed, " Did you ever hear of such an unfeeling monster ? " Melrose, who eat with his head bent forward, made no reply, but turned paie, and scowled with unnatural ferocity not peculiar to him, which sent a thrill of terror through her frame. Mr. Forbes now came to that portion which contained a description of the articles stolen, when the description of one remarkable and costly pair of bracelets attracted the • bride's attention; aha unconsciously dropped her eyes on those she was wearing, and which had been presented to her by her lover only a short time before, and which exactly corresponded with the description her father read. A strange feeling seized her, and upon raising her eyes to Charlie, she saw him staring with eyes full of indignation and distrust at her scowling lover; springing to her feet she made an attempt to approach the open French window, but in passing round her father's chair, she fell with a scream insensible on the floor. Charlie who was the quickest flew to her assistance, raised her, and, in entrusting her to the care and attention of her father, said, " Take your much-injured daughter; your would-be son-in-law is no other than Captain Melrose the Bushranger," then rushed from the apartment after him, he having made his escape amid the confusion, On coming oat of the house, Charlie met Munro with the horses ready, who, on seeing his master, understood the cause of his haste, and exclaimed, " There they go," pointing at the same time to the two horsemen in full gallop making towards the forest. Let us mount and after them, replied Charlie, when both vaulted in their saddles, and driving their spurs into their horses' sides, flew after the fugitives CHAPTEE XIX. THE CAPTUEE. It often occurred to Charlie, as well as Donald, that Captain Melrose of bushrangingnotoriety, was identical with Melrose of Edinburgh and London repute, but it never occurred to them that Williams, his lieutenant, was Donald's accuser, and who was the cause of his trans portation. Donald's recognition of him was insfcanta neous, notwithstanding William's altered appearance ; for, on going to the stable with the horses, he heard Williams conversing with the groom, and saw the haste he was in in preparing the horses for a start as soon as the marriage ceremony was over; he therefore concluded that all was not right, and without making himself known, watched Williams' movements, and on the same plea of hurry to start, had his horses ready also. Williams, who was on the alert, evidently expecting the pursuit, never went within doors, but watched every direction, leading the horses about, while the carriage was being got ready. On Donald leading his horses from the stable ready saddled, he saw Melrose rush from the house; on coming up to Williams, he said, " Mount and be off, we are sold," when both started off at full speed; but their former bush tactics were of no avail to them this time, for notwithstanding their twisting and turning, clearing logs and creeks, they could not shake off their intrepid pursuers. The chase now became exciting in the extreme, each horseman was employing all his skill, and was straining his horse to its utmost speed, but it soon became evident that the bushrangers were overmatched, as their pursuers were gaining upon them every moment, when coming upon some open ground, Melrose wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearful oath—" We'll fight them, Williams, there are only two against two ;" he then fired at Charlie, who was nearest to him, the ball penetrating Charlie's hat. Before he had time to draw his second pistol, Charlie shot his horse through the heart, wishing to take Melrose alive, who, on coming to earth with his horse, got entrapped, having one leg fast under the carcase. Charlie sprang from his saddle to disarm him, but on approaching him, received the other charge in the left side, which made him stagger, but the ball fortunately glanced off his powder flask, which he carried in the breast pocket of his coat. " Shoot me, you villain, you have a charmed life," roared the disappointed bushranger ; but his captor refused the demand, and secured him on the spot. The combat between the other two did not last so long, for on exchanging shots, Williams fell wounded, and became an easy captive to his active antagonist. A party of troopers who were scouring the neighborhood, through the information of Mr. Bamsey, were attracted by the firing, and made for the spot, when the bushrangers were handed over to their charge. On Charlie's return to Mr. Forbes', a scene presented itself which was heartrending to behold. Miss Forbes, who a short time before was in the height of happiness, was now the picture of despair as she lay upon her couch. The family, who had been congratulating her so recently, were now bewailing her approaching end in the noontide of her youth and beauty, and heaping execrations on the head of the destroyer of their peace. The clergy, man, who had come to solemnise her marriage, was now engaged in administering to her dying moments. On seeing _ Charlie return, she feebly beckoned to him; when he approached her, she whispered in his ear," You have not taken taken his life? " Charlie told her that he had not, but that he had secured him. She then replied—" Thanks, I shall now die happy. I feared that you, above all others, should stain your hands with his blood, since you wera the saviour of oar family from disgrace; but, alas 1 you were unable to save my life, which is as well, I hope. Farewell, may your life be longer and happier than mine." She then called around her the weeping family, and after an affecting adieu, breathed her last. The excitement manifested on the apprehension and trial of the bushrangers had never been equalled in the colony. Growds of spectators flocked from all parts to cheer and congratulate the brave captor§ and their deliverers from such a scourge, while execrations were heaped oil the heads of the merciless malefactors. The court was crowded to suffocation, while a large number who could not obtain admission, Awaited with great anxiety the issue of the trial. A number of witnesses from all parts appeared to identify the prisoners, and to connect them with the several robberies committed by the band; but che extraordinary skill exhibited by Melrose in cross-examining the witnesses threatened to defeat the ends of justice, were it not for Charlie Stuart's knowledge of his previous character. The appeal which Melrose made to the jury in defending his own case, had never been equalled for forensic eloquence in a colonial court of justice. The effect of this was, that many who-had hailed his approaching doom were now moved to pity him. The judge, however, partly dispelled the effects of this extraordinary oration, by telling the jury that their duty was simple justice, and that they were not to be influenced by the talent displayed by the prisoner, which, instead of improving his case, would only aggravate it, if they considered that the charges brought against him were proved. The jury at once found both guilty, and sentence of death was passed upon them, on hearing which, Melrose exclaimed—" The gallows is not erected, neither is the rope manufactured which will hang me." This was, indeed, true, for the next morning he was found dead in his cell, having strangled himself with his necktie. The following was found, written upon the wall of the cell:—"Charlie Stuart, nor any other person, shall have the satisfaction of seeing me swing. They will find me with a smile of contempt upon my lips. The fates have been against me, being twice crossed in loy^ by my conqueror. After being deprived JT one, I never thought that he would present, himself and prove a stumbling-block in my way of gaining the second, whom I truly loved, but who is now, through me, no more" CHAPTEB XX. CHABLIE DISCOVEB8 MEW C0DKTBY. The affecting and trying incidents which had followed each other, in such rapid succession during the last few years, were sufficient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they had such an influence on him that the monotonous bushlife he now followed was insufficient to eradicate its effects. The first of these reverses was the unavoidable desertion of his country, Leaving all that was near and dear to him behind; then came his shipwreck, and the singular manner in which he was saved; then followed the loss of the noble-hearted Pamul, with the mournful cause of her death; then Melrose's strange and terrible fate, added to his troubled mind, and kept open the wound 3 which the loss of Bella had caused. This last terrible blow came, too, at the very moment when his whole mind was fillei with joy at the hope of every moment expecting to hear of her arrival, when his happiness would be complete. In order to bear up under these hopeless reminiscences, and to banish themtentirely from his mind, he resolved upon putting into execution a project which had for some time occupied his attention. This long-cherished idea was no less than to attempt to explore some parts of the yet unknown interior of Australia. The discovery of Australia Felix, and the many exploits of Sir Thomas Mitchell, had enkindled within him this idea. Appointing a manager for his station, he, attended only by Donald, started to the most inland station, which was at the foot of the Australian Alps, resolving, if possible, to cross that hitherto impenetrable barrier, being under the impression that some good country lay between them and the coast. On arriving at the station he heard from the aborigines that some fine plains and rivers were, beyond the mountains, stretching out towards the ocean; but as no great reliance could be placed on the accounts given by natives, no one as yet had undertaken the journey. Charlie could find but one among the whole tribe in jvhom he could trust for guidance across. This was a strong and intelligent fellow named Quandak, and who, according to his own report, had once been on a warlike expedition against the Warrigal tribe, as he called the natives of that district. As the mountains which they had to cross were inaccessible for a heavily equipped party, Charlie resolved upon proceeding, accompanied only by Donald and Quandak, taking pack-horses to carry a supply of provisions. After a great deal of fatigue and hardship, the passage across was successfully accomplished. On crossing the last of the eminences, a sight burst upon their view which repaid them for all the difficulty they had endured. Underneath them, and stretching out towards the sea as far as the eye, aided by the glass, could reach, lay beautiful plains fringed with strips of forest, intersected by rivers rising in the Alps and discharging themselves into the lakes near the sea. The charming scene reminded them of their native land, and filled them with such pleasant thoughts as they had not experienced since they left home. The remainder of the journey was passed with light-heartedness and speed, as they travelled over extensive meadows never before seen by Europeans. In their rambles they suddenly came upon a small encampment of natives, who manifested great surprise at their appearance. A number of them gathered around Charlie, feeling him and his horse; but on seeing them dismount they rushed off in great terror, leaving all their effects behind them. The small supply of provisions they had taken would not allow them to remain long ; they therefore made a hasty return to the settled districts, highly gratified with their explorations. On his return, Charlie disposed of his station and started off again to the new country, taking with him Mary, several other servants) and all requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, leaving Donald to follow with the stock. 1 Being the middle of summer the cattle were taken safely across the mountains, and the party took possession of the beet part of the plains and watercourses. Unable to procure bark for covering in the buildings until the wet season set in, they erected a building, which, although unroofed, would serve as a stockade or protection from the at tacks, of the natives, should they show any hostile disposition. One evening, after coming home, and while hobbling their horses, a doctor, who accompanied the expedition, strolled a little distance from the stockade. Being unarmed, the natives, who were in the vicinity, took advantage of hia unprotected state and endeavored to seize him. He fortunately, however, perceived them in time, and testing his legs to the utmost of their power, arrived at the stockade and reported the case. The party, on seeing the intended attack of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrance, and then discovered that the affrighted medico had ensconsed himself underneath a pile of bed clothes. The disappointed besiegers, who now surrounded the place in force, were at a loss to know how to attack it, seeing no aperture through which they could drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan which threatened destruction to all within the place, as they could not fire upon their antagonists. The plan which the besiegers adopted was to throw their spears into the air; this they did with such exactness that they fell inside the building, and but for the activity of the besieged, their destruction would have been complete. Charlie, annoyed at not being able to retaliate, after a careful search found a small aperture between two slabs, in which he managed to place the muzzle of his rifle, and on taking aim, beheld the very object he wanted. This was the leader of the party, who was encouraging his men with a joyful countenance. Aware that the fall of their leader would disperse the enemy, Charlie fired, and, as he expected, brought him to earth, which produced the desired effect. An amusing incident took place on Charlie and his party leaving the stockade. An Hibernian, who filled the office of cook, and who was known by the name of " Doughboy," seemed more curious in his examination of the dead body, exclaimed in true Irish brogue:—" By the hole in my coat masther, but it's a mighty polite or decateful rifle that of yours; instead of sending the ball bouldly in the face of the black, be dad it sent it round his head, and popped in at his pole." This remark the partyfoundon examination to have some foundation, for the only wound to be found was in his poll, although they knew the savage was facing them when shot. This mystery was soon solved, for they found the ball had entered his mouth. Nothing of any importance happened to Donald while travelling up with the stock save one, and which we will here relate, as it gave an opportunity for him to gratify his propensity of playing tricks. One evening, just as the party had completed arrangements for their encampment, they saw something which was a novelty in the bash; it was a rider dressed in black, with a regular English hat (a bell- topper) on, mounted on a black horse, and mating towards the encampment. On drawing near, Donald at once identified him as the man who officiated as clergyman on the stations, and was well known by the name o'f Parson Croaker, but who had been expelled from holy orders on account of his eccentric and unchristian peculiarities, and who was now on his way to Port Phillip in order to improve his circumstances. Donald, who had already played some tricks upon the exminister, was not recognised, nor did he wish it, hospitably received the traveller, giving him shelter and accommodation, as no station or piace of refuge was near. At the time of retiring for the night, a difficulty presented ifcfcelf to the parson which had been overlooked until the last moment. This was how to secure his horse, being naturally of a restless disposition and apt to break away, especially as there were horses belonging to the party feeding about, he was e y w t a t C t d h s f l T i h a c t A afraid that they might entice him away and leave his master in the bush. _ This was, however, got over by a proposition made by Donald, and to which the parson agreed, whioh was to the following effect:— that on lying down for the night before the fire, according to bush custom, the parson was to fasten the end of his horse's tether round his own leg; then, should the enimal possess any inclination to stray, his owner would have full and ample warning. In conformity with this suggestion, the parson and Donald stretched themselves on the earth, placing their saddles under their heads, having their feet towards the large fire, which was constantly replenished by the man on watch. The ex- miuister fastened his horse's tether to his leg, and considering that all was perfectly secure, was soon fast asleep. His long and weary ride, together with this being the first time he had slept on such a hard bed, caused him to have fearful dreams. \- Donald, who expected to have some amusement from his invention, never closed his eyes, when at last the horses belonging to them came round; on seeing them the stranger's horse made one bound towards them, dragging the unfortunate parson through the fire. Donald was somewhat alarmed at the scene, and was unable for a short time to arrest the animal or liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely having his clothes and hair singed. The parson took some little time to be convinced that he was still in the land of the living. The task of forming the new station, and of holding possession against the attacks of savages, now devolved upon Charlie, and many skirmishes took place between his men and the aborigines, who appeared determined to drive the white-fellows from their hunting ground. Every day fresh tracts of splendid country were discovered, and many places he took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in his own country. Many settlers followed in his track, and took possession of the vast plains and pastures, which soon formed a strong party to resist the savages. Charlie had by this time built a pleasureboat, in which he made many excursions among the lakes, accompanied by some of the neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of these took place one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, was desired by his master to play the old favorite pibroch, an air which he had abstained from playing ever since the loss of Bella, lest it might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Charlie. As the rowers measured their time with the thrillling strain, and as the boat glided leisurely round one of the picturesque islets, Charlie, who was seated at the helm, became overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, which were awakened by the favorite pibroch, and the surrounding scenery, which forcibly reminded him of happier days. In order to hide his grief from his companions, he turned round and directed his gaze towards the islet they were slowly passing. While his eyes were fixed on the islet, his thoughts carried him back to the scene at the Bridge of Linn, when he he heard his lost Bella's endearing appeal on that memorable morning, calling to him—when, hark 1 the identical sound—" Charlie, dear, save me," struck his cars above the strains of the music. With one bound he sprung up, and rushing to the bows, pulled the chanter from Donald's lips, and with looks of strange wildness, exclaimed, " Did you not hear her ?" The bewildered company, who concluded that he was under a delusion, asked for an explanation, when he replied, " I am certain it was her voice." One of the party now informed them that he saw a blaekfello w carrying a female in his arms into the scrub on the island opposite, and that she seemed to resist him by screaming out, which was probably what Charlie had heard, and, mixed with the sound of the music, took it tor the voice of some acquaintance. The re3t of the company coincided in this supposition, adding that if he had been thinking of some one at the time, the force of imagination would construe the voice of the Warrigal female into what he fancied he heard. This argument tranquilised his mind a little, still the sound and the words, with the never-to-be- forgotten voice, was too real to be erased from liis memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Bella being alive could allay or satisfy his mind, nor could he shake off the strange impression caused by the occurrence. Another strange circumstance happened at this time, which enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by which he was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in his room after the labors cf the day, Donald, who had been. on his usual rounds among the shepherds, ntered breathless, with a countenance which bespoke terror and hesitation, when his master addressed him as follows:— ' Well, Donald, everything all right among the shepherds? No more attacks of the Warrigals, I hope ? Why, you look as though ou had seen a ghost." " To tell the truth, sir," said Donald," if it as not a ghost I saw, I certainly saw somehing approaching it. But before I proceed ny further, I wish to ask a question, which I rust you will answer." 'Certainly, Donald, out with it," said harlie. 1 Well, then," continued Donald, " I wish o know whether you are (as I have heerd) a escendant of the Meoble family ?" " Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I hope you ave not seen the Ou Gloa," replied Charlie. " I'm sorry to say that I think I have," aid Donald"as I was riding across the plain, just now, my horse began to prick up tiis ears, and look behind him. It struck me irst that the blacks were after me, but, on ooking round, I saw a dog following me. hinking it was a dingo, I slackened my pace and drew my pistol to have a shot at aim. He then came up to me, when I beheld n the place of a wild dog a large, grey stagound, the very picture of poor Bran you left t home, stood before me. Being positive that no such animal was to be found in this olony, and according to the description of he Gu Glas, I instantly bethought myself that you were a relation of the Meoble family, and that he had followed you to Australia. fter sniffing at me for a few seconds, he gave a whine, and left me." " A rather long journey he must have had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on the other side of the line,"' replied Charlie, smiling at his servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. As some of my readers may be ignorant of the meaning of the Gu Glas, Mheobail or MeobLe's grey dog, I would just say that an ancient impression existed among the Highlanders that a sort of follower, or tuhich, was connected with every old family, which, on certain special occasions, made itself visible—suoh as before a death, or any important event taking place, or occurring to a member or descendant of the family. Each family had its own tuhich, in the shape of an animal; hence the Meoble had its Cu Glas, or large grey staghound. Although Charlie did make light of Donald's Gu Glas at the time, he had in a few days proofs of its existence. A party of settlers had formed themselves for the purpose of driving from the neighborhood a tribe of troublesome natives, who were slaughtering the cattle, and harassing the shepherds. After scouring the surrounding woods without falling in with the Warrigals, thay, on their return, came upon a herd of kangaroos, among whioh was a white one—, I a great rarity in the colony—after which the ( whole party with their dogs gave chase. The animal flew at a tremendous speed towards a steep-banked creek that intersected the plains, near which stood a clump of scrub; but, on his approaching it, a large grey staghound sprung out, causing the kangaroo to face the creek, which he cleared at a bound. The strange dog followed his example, and in a short time overtook his prey, which was despatched on the spot; the dog then trotted off towards the forest on the opposite side of the plains. The astonished equestrians and their outmatched dogs, on coming to the creek, were obliged to pull up, not being able to olear it. Charlie Stuart, who was among the leading horsemen, gazed with astonishment at the dog, which none of the party knew, when Donald drew up to his master's side, and whispered in his ear, " I suppose you will believe your own eyes, and me now." Charlie turned sharply round, and replied, " It Bran exists, that is him." " No I no 1" added Donald, dubiously, " the Cu Glas, and no other." (To be Continued.) 