\- The Freethought Platform. [BY NORTHUMBERLAND.] It is not long sinca I ventured some observations about the Christian platform, and recently I read in the Sydney Daily Telegraph one of Mr. Osbome's utterances, Putting aside the conventionalisms of forms and creeds and of every sort of dogmatic theology, he says some very good and sensible things. It is, however, what I foretold it would be, a well well-masked form of theo-philosophical specula- tion. It is just Freethought, tinctured with some of the cardinal facts of the religion of the Bible, but in which faith is subordinated to the teach- ings of science and the chimeras of philosophy. It is interesting, it is also amusiug to know with what impudence, insolence, and relentless mockery of truth and justice the Brights and Ingersolls, Bradlaughs, Besants, and Selbys arrogate to them- selves the sold privilege of thinking, writing and spanking with a liberty and freedom which appears to be denied to every one but those of their own school. May a man not say, "I am outside of any known form of mental illusion, I am accounted perfectly sane, my scientific opinions command respect, my doing in business, and my converse with intelligent men, have laid me open to no suspicion, and have provoked no distrust, My religious studies, exer- cises, and devotions are neither stimulated by fear nor by the hope of other reward but that which is due to a pious, just, and virtuous life, I have read my Bible, and see in it a light, a guide, and a com- fort. I have religious convictions and I honour them, a love for God and worship him, an assurance of everlasting life beyond the grave, and cherish it, I am doing my duty as best I can. My religious memories are salutary and enc9urnging, my hopes bright and joyous. I have taxed my mind to its utmost to sound its depths of conviction ; I have looked this way nnd that, in and out of myself ; I am as little n slave to superstition as I am a foe to all that is good, I owe this to what is known as the religion of the Bible, to the Christian religion, and I am satisfied." What freethought can transcend that ? What is freethought but the unfettered, the utterly untrammelled exercise of the faculties of the human mind ? Are all of us slaves because we cannot frank the crude and of te a very illiterate utterances and views of the champions of freethought—men mostly of very imperfect education, of severe preju- dice, who love notoriety, who love to swim on the current of popular credulity and the passion for novelty, which is so deeply- rooted in human nature. I for one deny that any of those qussi- teachers of morality enjoy a greater freedom of thought than I do myself, and it is the unrestraint of this thought of mine which leads me to differ with them. Heine was a friend of Agossiz ; Heine mocked God ; but Agassiz, a much more pro- found philosopher, was a man of true religious feel- ings, and worshipped Him. Halley the astronomer waa a co-worker with Newton ; Halley sneered at religion; Newton, who was an intellectual giant compared to Halley, lived a most exemplary religious life, and professed it. Colonel Ingersoll, the Free- thought champion of America, is a mob-orator on anti-religious matters ; and, like Mr. Robert Stout of New Zealand, the most intolerant of teachers. Put the moral weight of the teachings for good of an army of such men into one scale, and the wisdom, learning, piety, and charitableness of one Wesley or Jeremy Taylor, one Gladstone or Canon Farm, one Bishop Moorhouse or Bishop Pearson, or any one of the good, great, end learned teachers of this or of any age ia the other scale, end yonr Freethought agitators would be vaatly outweighed in nil which constitutes the intrinsic worth of the highest qualities of heart and mind. The present champion of Freethought in Melbourne is Thomas Walker,, as rank a humbug as ever presumed publicly to outrage and degrade the common understanding of men, His great hit at first was to gammon mesmeric trance, This state of hypnotism he superinduced by his own will, and with unparalleled effrontery be then gave his trance' lecture. Tom was then en rapport with the ghosts of the departed; he was, in fact, a telephonic instrument, and professed to be as insensible of what he was made to utter. What a splendid living lie he was. A mesmerist very well known to you challenged him to public discussion in Dunedin, N. Z., declaring that he would discuss his spiritual pretensions and unmask his mesmeric fraud. It was not to be done, however. It would not pay Mr Thos, Walker, a " hookey Walker" forsooth ; I laugh heartily when I remember it. Well, this man of 'Cook Lane ghosts" some two years ago, in Mel- bourne, unmasked himself, He unblushingly avowed that he had acted the semblance of a mesmeric trance to please his admirers, and that he never was in a trance but only acted it, Having commenced this dodge in America and getting reputation by it, he was incited to New Zealand, where he plucked thousands, and Robert Stout, barrister, ex M.P, and ex member of the Ministry, was one of his victims. All this is perfectly true, and all very amusing, and he is one of our popular freethought social re- formers, Bishop Pearson, in one of his celebrated letters in the Echo, showed, with great clearness» that the public platform was no fit place for the discussion of religion questions ; I think bo too. Dr. French and the well-known Dr. Cumming a Catholic gentleman and a Protestant clergyman' did only harm by it; Dr. Cook and Joseph Barker did more evil than good by it ; the Bright and Spicer Sydney debate ended in the same way; Selby, in Newcastle last week, was clove to the' brisket by the redoubtable Rev. Mr. Evans. If there ia any advantage accruing from euch contests the freethoughtists bave a good chance to get it. Clever men like Holyoke and Bradlaugh are master's of the science of debate ; to them it is more than a science : it is an art: cool, self-possessed, well-informed, and who can cut like a two-edged sword, they can always command a sneer and raise a laugh : it is enough that they never, never fail to exasperate an opponent, but never beoome exasperated them- selves, They are, however, scholars and gentlemen ; but poor Selby, what a silly body be showed himself to be. His antagonist, Mr. Evans, is a man of very moderate abilities, and no more able to engage with one of the eminent mea named than a gnat is to engage with an eagle. We have been singularly un- fortunate in the freethought and religious disputants who have flashed their eloquence on the platform foi the sake of glory and gold. It is also not less sin- gular but equally true that the three great luminaries of free thought, J. G. Holyoke, C, Bradlaugh, and Col. Ingersoll, (the two former being vastly superior in intellectual attainments to the latter) give us nothing but what too many of us regret to have read in "Voltaire's Philosophical Dictionary" and " Paine's Age of Reason" and in " Büchner." The bitterest vituperation of Ingersoll, his finest wit, every corus- cation of his imagination, his sonorous and passionate anathemas come from the great French philosopher, historian and poet. Voltaire however, had witnessed enough of religious tyranny and priestly intrigue and oppression to awaken his anger, He saw vir- tuous citizens, fathers, mothers, sons and daughters dragged to prison, tortured for life, burnt alive, hanged and immured for life in foetid dungeons because they held other religious convictions to those sanctioned by Rome, He declaimed bitterly and solemnly, sometimes incoherently and ferociously, madly and blasphemously, against the prevailing religion, against all religious institutions, from an anchorite to a pope, from the learning and eloquence of Notre Dame to the conclaves of cardinals in the Vatican. Carlyle in his history of "Frederick the Great.' shows clearly how the morals and reason of this emi- nent man were distorted ; lampooner, liar, thief, in- grate, his acts of malevolence outweighed those of his charity; perhaps it may be fairly said that this pernici- ous man has done more real injury to the amicable religious progress and peace of the world than Krupp and Armstrong guns have done to nations hostile to each other. And this man, who fanned into flame the bloodiest revolution recorded in human histories, is the great ideal of the apostles of Freethought. Those men cannot set aside Schlegel and Leibnitz for Büchner, who, becausa of materialistic views, is to them greater than those splendid intellects. In Mel- bourne a few illiterate men prefer Thomas Walker to the learned and exemplary Bishop Moorhouse, and in Sydney Bright and Hughes to such gifted men as the late Prof, Badham, or the coming primate of Australia, the learned Bishop Barry. To me this free-thought platform is an institution of deplorable folly, where anything but free-thought is tolerated. Its results are more deplorable still. In Dunedin, N.Z, Mr. Robert South will not permit the name of God to appear in any contribution to his free-tbought paper ; " powers," " forces," and " energies" may be used, the word God is expunged. This being offensive to some of his free-thought friends they have founded a small society of themselves, about half way between utter infidelity and the altar. The worst of it is that those free-thought teachers give us only chaff or wheat, do not give us even the " Higher Pantheism." The sun, the moon, the stars, the seas, the hills, and the plains, Are not these, O soul, the Vision of Uim who reigns ? Is not the Vision He? Tho' He be not that which he seems, Dreams are true whilst they last, and do we not live In dreams. Dark is the world to thee ? Thou art the reason why ; For is He not all but thou, thou hast power to feel ' I am I' ? Speak to Him thou for He hears, and Spirit with Spirit can meet Closer is He than breathing, and nearer than hands and feet. And the ear of man cannot hear, and the eye of man cannot see; But if wc could see and hear this Vision-were it not He? Thoee iconoclasts would give us broken images and burned altars, a design without a designer, an engine without a maker, the " pale Elysium " of Achilles for the Glory of heaven, vague specu- lations for concrete truths. They only are fettered and festered in liberty of thought by the despotism of ignorance, and the conceits which only audacity and a well-nourished irreverence can afford "Strong Son of God, Immortal Love Whom we, that hare not seen thy face, By faith, and faith alone, embrace, Believing where we cannot prove ; Thine are these orbs of light and shade ; Thou madest Life in man and brute ; Though madest Death, and lo, thy foot Is on the skull, which thou hast made. Thou wilt not leave us in the dust : Thou madest man, he knows not why; He thinks he was not born to die ; And thou hast made him ; thou art just." 