More Light or More Darkness. CJ't'thc Editor of ilw Southern Ar/jtit.') .Sin,—The gentleman who hides behind the nom- de-plume of " Believer," by way of showing his love of ' open, free, and fair discussion.'' has again been foolish enough to try to misrepresent the views and objects of freethought, although he says ' I do not pretend to understand sceptics." This is exactly the logic of all true orthodox Christians. 'They do not understand freethought, or the progressive intellect and development of the human mind by its own expansive force, through the study of science, beautiful in its godlessness ; yet they have the unblushing effrontery, born of their fettered thought, called " faith in a divine revelation," which must necessarily be intolerant of contradiction and repudiate ail improvements in itself (like some lawyers, who have no case to plead) to abuse the other side. "Believer" ways '"that his evident object, was to exalt Jesus Christ as the true Light of the world," and " I have inscribed this on my banner to stand or fall by if." If this is " Believer's " object, why is he ashamed or afraid to sign his name to such a heaven-securing task, and thus show his sincerity to the many who we taking a deep interest iu this correspondence ? Does he imagine for a moment that, the pious claptrap and oily cant of an anonymous scribbler will bear more weight with your intelligent readers than logical discerption, grinding to powder, and explaining away of any or all of the doctrines of freethought? Why does he not show the fallacy of any of the propositions which I made in my previous letter, in which,I am not aware that I was either "irrelevant" or " tried to throw dust to cloud the question at issue ?" Though probably to a brain fossilised by long habit of thinking wrongly, flattered by a faith in the ghosts, cribbed, cabined, and confined within the dark and narrow limits of a selfish Christian creed, the realisation of my meaning—if indeed it were not impossible—would at least involve the tallest piece of thinking such a mind was capable of. "Believer" "heard Bright quote Ingersoll very largely," and this was his "smattering, gathered second hand" of all he knows of freethought. Equally superficial is he when he represents certain great heterodox writers as orthodox Christians. If " Believer " means by " Christian " one who follows: the teachings of Christ, or like himself, that in Jesus and His teachings every 'want of human nature is met ; His word is the keystone to the mysteries of natiirc and of God's providence,' then I 'am pre- pared to prove that none of the men he mentions: were Christians. Not Milton, great poet though he was, but still greater sycophant and bigot, nor Isaac Newton, the brilliant genius and mighty mathematician, who, leaving the realm of tho knowable and finite in nature, wherein he had won an immortal: name, tried to speculate on tho unknowable and in- finite, was compelled, to give it up, declaring that ' tho idea of God was to him what a picture is to a man born blind." Carlyle, whose ridicule of the anointed sons of God (bishops and. priests) was over- whelming;'; nor Hershel, nor Leibnitz, nor Kepler,' who could find no place for God or heaven, nothing above or around us but space and stars, no governing power in the universe but matter and force, which some professors who teach in Christian col- leges, where Moses is considered a geologist, and Joshua an astronomer, think politic to call God. Owen was a purely philanthropical socialist, who rejected with scorn all dogmatic religion. As for great statesmen being Christians, that may be so, when we remember the proverb " It is impossible to be a great statesman and an honest man." The statesman in all times whistles tho tunes most popular with the crowd. With all " Believer's" ranting drivel I do not think to do him credit that he understands the injustice and absurdity involved in the Christian atonement, or in tho nature of vicarious sacrifice, the injustice of killing one good man because some bad ones have done wrong, and tho absurdity of believing that that killing or mur- der will wipe out that, or any subsequent wrong. This unfortunate belief has been tho prime factor, the almost direct incentive to nearly all the crimes committed by the superstitious. For instance, one man kills another, tho murdered man is cut off in the midst of his ;iniquity, he has no time given him to repent his sins, he goes to hell—so religion teaches. The murderer, on the other hand, has time given him to shrive his sins between his last murder and his last gasp on the gallows ; he gets "religion," believes, and goes to heaven. That's where tho trouble lies. The atonement saves the wrong man. 'Believer " says that ' the spirit of persecution is in human nature, and, in your 'in- fidel correspondent.' " To this Jehovah-like state- ment I oppose the solid fact that tho spirit of persecution. is only tho outcome.of the selfish ignor- ance of the man whose sympathies are bound up in some narrow nation, religious creed or political system, and whose zeal fires him with the desire to compel others to think, worship, and live as he does. Such a man would, by his very nature, find it im- possible to respect the rights of others, or to attain a universal brotherly feeing for, or interest in our great human family. Such a man must be conser- vative, orthodox,bigoted, and intolerant. He is but a fettered thinker, whatever his shibboleth. He is one who, like "Believer," dances to the music of his superstitious fetters when he hears a freethinker exclaim; 'The world is my country and to do good is my religion." His grotesque antics may make the thinker laugh, but the very essence, and spirit of freethought is not to persecute, but to extend to everyone equal rights— social, political and religious. These rights, though I am denied them, I claim in common; with my fellow citizens. Let " Believer'' not think that because I try to expose what I consider to be false, childish, and ini- mical to human progress, that I, or any other freethinker, would raise him to the dignity of a martyr. No, for tho all-sufficient reason that the motive of martyring is not in our philosophy. I have no heaven to gain by it, no hell to fear, no devil to tempt me' to the crime, no God to inspire and guide me to it. O'er life's ever-changing tides I have nothing but my own intelligence and reasoning faculties to steer me. To me, as to all freethinkers these are all-sufficient. The man who neglects to think for himself, martyrs his own soul by burying it beneath the fossil bones of a defunct faith. Freethought and energetic action must be the watchword of any man who wishes to realise that he is born in these days. "I would rather," says the great Ingersoll, "be out in the storm and tem- pest of thought and action than in the dead calm of ignorance and faith." This sentiment is echoed by every seeker of the useful and. the true through- out the world. "Believer" thinks that only those are master minds who command the greatest num- ber of followers. This isscarcely worthy of notice were it not in keeping with the strong salvationist tone of his letter throughout. He partially con- fesses to be in a mental fog. I feel for him. He is at least 300 years behind his "time," decidedly out of his latitude on an unknown sea (the freethought ocean) in a dense theological fog, which obscures his vision and benumbs his judgment, for he says that the theory of evolution held by freethinkers is not the Darwinian theory, that freethought pro- duccs " different effects " (rather, that's the beauty; of it !) or that Christians follow the teachings of their founder, to " love your; enemies, bless them' that curse you." I would like "Believer" or any other person, layman or "divine," to trot me out a Christian who really and truly practices that precept, which, fortunately, is not in human nature to follow. There is one point upon which 1 must strike my flag to 'Believer." In a light, airy, and elegant style, he masters the supernatural, grips " tho con- ceptiou of a character that transcends human nature." In the realm of positive fact and reality, I am willing to contend, knowing that nought but good must result; but when the delirium tremens of superstition loudly asserts that the finite has grasped the infinite, 1 cannot help thinking that, there is something radically wrong with the brain of tho man who makes the assertion. "Believer" " only contends against the hotch-potch of the freethought platform ; " but if he does so with no other weapons than the hotch-potch of vicarious sacrifice, divine revelations, and fanatical mouth- ings, he will indeed continue to cut a ludicrous figure in his quixotic tilts at the windmills of progress which are grinding his ghosts to powder—to mental food for the philosophy of what, he ignorant- ly calls "infidelity." In the words of the noble Thomas Pain, " Infidelity does not consist in believing or disbelieving in any system of religion. It consists in professing to believe that which one does not believe." Let " Believers " thoroughly digest this definition before they at tempt to dogma- tise. " Believer " says that "infidelity persecuted in ancient Rome." I challenge him to prove this from authentic history. It is an old and worn-out falsehood, which, if space permitted, is easily disproved, He also states that " infidelity persecuted during tho French revolution." Now, who does not know that it was the Christian court of France, the most corrupt, licentious, and tyrannical she ever possessed, who, by their grinding tyranny and oppression, drove to the very verge of madness tho French nation, which saw itself robbed, im poverished, insulted. The day of reckoning dawned at the revolution. It was swift, decisive, dreadful. Doubtless amongst the rabble there were, as there ever has been, and ever will be on such occasions, many of the wild beast, type of human beings, who will assume any disguise for the sake of plunder; but the leaders of that glorious event, to which France owes her existence as a nation at the present. day. must not be held responsible for the doings of those who, under another guise, were only the offspring of ecclesiastical training, such as we might expect if we, allowed tbe clergy to again distort the minds of the children in our public shools. Freethinkers only ask for the rich to teach their doctrines to their own children in the public schools, in order to antidote any theology or dogma which their little ones may absorb from those who teach it. As to divorce for incompatibility of temper. What better grounds for divorce can exist where there is nothing but mutual hatred, disgust, anil deceit—the prolific parents of misery, drunkenness, and prostitution—between husband and wife. The Sydney press has spoken out upon what " Believer " calls ' obscene books." I would recommend him to study its comments. In conclusion, I accept " Believer's" challenge given in his last letter. 1 am prepared to prove " that science and freethought have given us all the knowledge which civilised nations now possess, and that ' divine revelation' has done nothing but hinder, embarrass, and delay human progress." I undertake to find a suitable hall for a one or more nights' debate ; the admission to the public to be free. A 'collection to be taken np for expenses ; any surplus to go to the Goulburn hospital. Any deficiency I will liquidate myself. " Believer " to chose his own chairman. Here is a grand opportunity for your correspondent to raise his banner, and shed his light on the freethought platform, so "dark, very dark." If he is honest and sincere in his professions, he will come forward as a real live Christian and defend the statements he made when a phan- tom."'Believer." Should he back out of it, this prs will note another brilliant. very brilliant result of eighteen centuries of Christianity.— -I mil. 'lie.. B. M. LOUGHRAN, Auburn-st. South, Goulbuiu.1, 