THE HOZ,0M CE OF A 3ED-TEBD, IT *as night in Newcastle. The board. ing-bouse was wrapped in tenebrous gloomn, faintly tinted with an odour of kerosene, and the wild rush of the sea was the only souni discernible. Suddenly there arose on the air a yell, followen by wild objurgations and lurious anathemas. Then there was a clanking and ratlling as of an overturned picket fence, and another yell, with more ana themas. The fatted boarders listened, and ghostly clad, tip-toed along to Buf fum's room, he of Beflum and Bird. As they steood there, there was a whiz, a grinding, a rattling and a bang, and more yells. They consulting and knocked on the door, 'Come in.' ' Open it.' 'I can't.' Convinced that Buffum was in his last agony they knocked in the door with a bed-post. The sight was ghastly. Clasped be tween two sturdy though slender frames of walnut, Buffum, pale as a ghost, was six feet up in the air. He couldn't move. He was caught like a bear in a log-trap. ' What on earth is it ?' they said. ' Bedstead-combination. Now patent I was telling you about,' gasped Buffum. His story was simple, though tearful. He had brought it home that day, and after veing -it for a writing.desk, had opened it out and made his bed. He was going peacefully to dream'land, when he ,oiled over and accidentally touched a sp:ig. The faiLthful invention imme diarely beoome a. double crib, and turned Butffm into a equalling wafer. 'Then be struggled, and was reaching around for the spring, when the patent beds'eand thought it would show off some more and straightened out and shot up in the air and was a clothcbs-hors. Buflfum said he didn'tlike to Lo ecl.,thee, and he would give the thiong to anybody that would get him out. They raid they would try. they didn't want any such fire extin goisher as that for their trouble, but they would try. The\ icepeoted it cautiously. They walked all around it. PThen tbohe commirsion merchant laid his little finger on the top end of it. The thing reared and snorted as if it had been shot, slapped I over with a bang, rind became an exten sion table for ten people. When they recovered from the panic they came back. They found the commission merohant in the corner trying to get breath enough to swear, while he rubbed his shins. Buf. fumn had disappeared, but they knew he hal not gone far. The invention ap. peered to have taken a fancy to him and inoorporateod him inito the firm, so to speaI. He was down underneath, sired. dling one of the legs with his head jammed into the mattress. Nobhudy dared to touch it. The landlady got a club nad reached for its vital pirta, butI could not dad them. She hammered her breath away, and whou she got. through and dropped the club in despair the thing swung out its arms with a gasp . and a rattle, turned over twice and slapped, itself a bed once again, with 3Buflum peacefullly among the sheets. He held his breath for a minute, and then, watch ing his opportunity, made a flying leap to the floor just in time to save himself from being a folding soreon. 