#itetrir $0efoi|i THE DESERTED HOUSE. Is there an; sight that raises stranger fancies In our mind nan s house ire see deserted— void of any human kind ? Slowly rotting, damp and mouldy, ever/ chamber, roof, and floor. Hill in fear we cross each threshold, cniions, yet full of awe, like a body used no longer, and from which the soul has fled— like a temple sacred only to the long-forgotten dead. Here, before a rearing fite children played whUe mothers smiled ; Fathers from the cares of daytime by their loved ones were beguiled ; Tales were told, and hopes and fancies lent their magic to the scece — Strange it is to tea how dreary is the place where joy has bet n. In tuts dark and lonesome chamber we can almost tear tbe groan Cf seme tad and weary sufferer dying in the gloom alone; Or rx-rbaps vrifh friends around him came at length tbe welcome end, As frr breath in vain be straggled, o'er him did some loved one bend. ~ 3hrDugh this dooiway passed a mother, with a soft 8cd Doiseless tread, firtiy evening paused a moment, stooping o er each bttle bed, Softly titsed tbe little inmate sleeping sweetly, calmly there— little lives so strongly guarded from a thought of da or care. Bid tie ever weep. I wonder, as she pissed the empty cot Scarce a mother bnt she misses some one from her treasured lot. Did a yearning strong and tender fill the gentle mother's heart When rhe viewed that one cot standing from the other beds apart. Leave the room, a thousand fancieB crowd from it into my brain, Yearnings strange and feelings mingled half with joy and half witn pain. Here a chamber where some maiden passed her youthful hours away ; Here she dreamt those dreami and fancies that like mist can fade away ; Here some south formed mighty projects, lasting as tbe maiden's dreams. Oh t bat life were bnt as brilliant as in youth's bright hours it seems! Spirits for the tune forgotten wander through each vacant room ; Hopes and dreams now dead for ever dwell like ghosts amid tbe gloom ; Silence and decay together in the once loved home must dwell. Koce are left to claim tbe dwelling that could ever IovettwelL But a few more years will vanish and It shall be seen eo more. Trees will prow and grass will flourish where the home .bad stood before ; Winds will mourn and sob around it, clouds will frown to see it fall s Poor, unconscious, soulleis dwelling, yours is but the fate of all! 