S 1lovelBol ' i •ci By Brigadier. General Henry ,"A.worthlesa wpman, mere cold ay, A?s. all alse things aroe'l buhot so fair, She takoe the breath of men away Who gaze u?pn her unaware." ILvO EioiWio, the great tenor, had made his last hbow to an admiring audience, and was aboutto leave the. theatre,. when one. of the attendants approached and said hesitatingly, a it expecting a rebuke, ," A lady wishes to s;.,ee you,; Signor, who states, her business is Surgent-indeed ehe would not be denied, and ;.i s awaiting you there "-pointing to the door of :an unoccupied dressing.room. He might have added his.soruples had been overcome by an astonishingly handsome douceur, a suffciently heavy: bribe to induce,him Ito brove the fury of the hot.blooded Italian's anger. His relief was great;,when Romano answered quietly "It is well, the lady is.expoeted," and ,, p:sed quickly [into the. small apartment, eloning the door carefully behind him. There, SroOehing in the darkest corner was a muffled agure, who on seeing Bomano enter, sprang hastily.to her feet, and as the cumbersome ,slosh fell from her, discovered the lovely form of Oidis Disney, still clad in thq white sheeny .,robes and glittering with diamonds. . ,Silvio stood by the door, a dark dangerouse Slook on his handsome face, but his bold black eyes nevertheless drinking in eagerly every .dtail, of her soft' loveliness, her "rich attire, her costly gems. Wish a -.log glad cry of welcome Gidia glided 5owards him, and though he put up his hand angrily as if to keep her off, she same closer, and winding. her bare white armsilabout his neck tried to reach his lips with her moist red ones. The man woold have been more than mortal to have resisted her, and Silvio Romano was but clay, and clay of a verypcoaraostype, in spite of his peseot face, and figure like a Greek god's. Ths the fiery Italian blood coursed furionely thbough his veins beneath the caresses of .this beautiel woman, and as she melted into his srms with a happy sigh, he abandoned him. ; self to the delight of the moment, and pressed hot passionate klsoes on herlips, her eyes, her neck. : Oldie was the first to recover, and' gantly-withdrawing herself from. his. arms, pushed him Into a low chair, and seating her. sell on his knee, allowed her golden head to ,li confidingly on Romano's breast .. "Al, vto ben," she whispered, stroking his Cheek with her forefinger, "if you only knew .bow pour poor little Gidia has longedfor this, dreamt of it, how bitterly ahe has "repented having left you, and how she has suffered, you would never have the heart to utter one muel word.' But what could'I do, Silvio,"she went on entreatingly; the life was nso hard, it would have killed me, and I was too youog then to realise how much I loved you, though I know it now to my cost"--her lips again met his-" In a hasty, foolish moment I ran: away to my rich.English relations, of whom you never even dreamt, you poor darling,-' and myanot, Miss Dering, adopted me." "SB," said the Italian, .toying with the sparkling gems on her bosom, "you have done well for yourself, little one "-and he threw a significant glance at her'dia moends--"I also have been fairly successful beut I must confess my years of toil and' anrlety bhve failed to bring me as much: weslth as you now display on your'"fair 0son. Oh, dial" He went on drawing or aloser to him,,his rare thrilling voice lull of tenderness. "Why did you forsake me suncess was at last to fall to my lot? IT knew it must come, and you, with your splendid voice and lovely features, you and I togeher, what could we not have 'acoon, ip?hed t You have been very cruel, very treaeherous but I believe Gidia tfa you have Sstill a few grains of affeotion for me, and I love you so. devotedly ; .-I cannot help for Kivng you as I look into lour pretty iaee' -at tell me" he said waily " who has my Ittle poverty-stricken Gldia been transformea into1 Of course: I must'be introduced to he fairy gdmother or aunt, or whatever the benefcent creature who has adopted you maybe, for, my darling you shall not edil give me the slip again, now you are onea more restored to my arms." Gidia shivered and turned very pale. "Oh, Silvio l" eho gasped, thinking fear. folly, "he will kill me when he knows all; s it possible you do not guess what I have done--who I amt? liy darling, hold me closer in your arms, or I dare not tell you. The man who was with me this evening, who carried me from our box, was Sir Ralph hisnon, and I-Oh, Silvio, Silvio 1-I married himl With a frightful oath the Italian i her to. the ground, his eyes, gleaming witr rage, seeking a weapon wherewith to strike hero; but 'idia, flinging herself at his set, and Irantically throwing her arms round a nes, cried- You will not killme, Silvio. - I am not fit to die "-her bare bosom panting with fear snd excitemont. "Let me live a-little while longer, if only to enjoy my new found hap.' ineas," she entreated. uromano seized her delicate wristsviolently. You are trying to ftool me again,' he hissed; yOU, my uife, dare to tell men of your mar ..ge with another man, and hope to live. raitress I you love him, or yowould No'" before ' Heaven,"-interrupted Oldie, aonesetly "believe me, Silvio, I have never, lovd anyone bhityoq--no otherman has had noer to raise a single warm feeling in 'my eer ; and this cold.blooded leglichlman the Syorldi calls my husbhnad,who was once nimy. l.unt' lveg r,his very kisseas. freseo on my lips. . hets him, and would 'strangle him as' helies beaide me, if Idarem." Ten seeing her words were beginning to tell on Romano she throw herself into lis arms, and between her passionate kisses whispeord implotr. " ou could not hurt your.little wife, yodir Gidia. fro whatever I'am to the world I am indeed yours-yours body and soul, and you'i interests, your aims, shall, be; mine, my huse band, my love." Then she veritured to look' up into'tho dark stormy face of her lover, an{ its expression wasw'o'hderfully reassuring. ' ?hon the quiok osubtle brain of the Italian; after his'first burst of jealous rage was over, had'grasped the siteation, it appeared to him .no; ,o veryy dlspleaesng. The' handsome teno' the idol 'pf the mnoment, had'no wish In. tbe,;hampered with a wile, even such a pretty one as' Gidia, and yet hero was a most 'tdventleit arrangc'mont ready for him to drop into. Here was a wife whom, if he chose, he could claim openly at any moment, or keep secretly, eotirely at his commands, and In'his power.' ' ' " "'That'Oidia'was Sir Ralph Disney'e sup. 'lipodwlife ghve him a hold over the wealthy 'baronet's purse:strings, no small consider. ation'to' nimano, who in'spite of his princely salary, Was one of the most impecunious of men. All' this flashed 'rapidly across his brain,' therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted -her 'head from his breast, she found all re sentment had fadedlrom the face of her hus. band, giving place to a tender resignation. '"No, my own," he said sadly, caressing her abiftly the while.' "Much as you have injured me, you know 'I could never in cold blood harm a hair of-your 'sweet head; but remember "-and his eyes burnt into hers-. " you are mine; body and soul; as you said just' 'now, and we'must' contrive to meet often :privatelyji or I'will not be reeponsiblcfor my` "'Yes, of".doonrde, dearest;"' she uttered lightly;,not daring td'bontradiotl thi man iii' twh'osepower'ihe'layso b'oipletely.'L" Only it' willifbe':frightfully"'dimlcult to manage,'you. B"ut if:yeu'really love moe'as ytod'si", and' nbt that lstiff-hocked Englishman whod throat I loing'to,'eutit will be"easy enough. Be-' sides, 'Gldi,' since you always took'a delight in plotting and scheming; it comes naturally, to you.--Why, you are a female Machiavelli," laughed.Silvio. :. "Ah,flfatterer !i"--Gidi thb gt Machiavelli was probably some character in an.unknown opera--- "But my darling, I would move heaven and'earth to spend a moment in your arms,.so do not doubt my love for you ;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Olaudia's words respecting her musical reunion the following Thursday, she laughed softly, "So, SBilvio, you are the new tenor whom my cousin has se cured to sing with me,' and whose voice I hoped would bloend well with mine." "And you,,then," said Silvio, also laugh. ing, " are the lady amateur I have been curs ing, having determined she was some vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note.' We shall charm and, astonish your friends, I fancy, my darlrig." ' "What a mier?y we' did 'not- meet unexpec. tedly for the first time in 'my own diawimg room,"' said Gidia, thankfully; "and; dear love, I most now hasten away, or my absence may, be. discovered, and then where would 'Lady Disney's' reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you must not come a single step with me, the risk would be too great "-Silvio had made a movement as if to accompany her-" You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au revoir till Thursday, by which time I shall have devised the ways and means for'our future renderfevou." One more long embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to' her' stately home; the home of the man who trusted her implicitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble race. Silvio Romano then left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily furnished chambers thinling how he could turn to beet advantage the strange chances Fate had put into his hand. ' When'a more youth he had married'- the half English, halt Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit 'of passion,; partly be cause their voices h'armonised, and he had a vague 'idea it might be worth his' while to secure her. Romano knew and cared) little about his child-wife's relations. 'Heer mother was Leonora Valutta,. a: broken-down opera dancer,,and as he believed, the cast-off mis tres 'of some wild young,Englislhman, who probably ,was OGidia's,father, for thes'tory ofs Leonora'ea marriage, was regarded a'sa mere myth. Thus he never dreamt-what a source of wealth she' would 'eventually become; to him; in fact, he-had; amid the excitement of his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. "How:beautifdi shosi has i become,"; he thought, :".unless it'is the way:she is got up,' which: makes 'the astonishing' difference.- I' should chardly have recognioed. her;' if' the' little fool had not looked so frightened, though' she had g6od reason for. fear, littleserpent il " and he clenched his, white teeth savagely.. "If I had only known, but she shall pay for it yet, Silvio Romano is not a man to be trifled with. ;So those are'the famotis Disney. diamonds"I have:hoeard so many fine.ladies rave about.e Why, they alone must be worth a king's'e:.ransom,"'and :his .oyes shone -curiously.- !, ' : : ' 'When his handsome face dropped the mask of the conventional smile:it usually wore,' what an evil.1ooking man he was. 'Romano was tall,'with a light symmetrical figure, clear out regular features; dark creamy skin, and face which bore evidence of his nationality.: His head was, covered with a profusion of black curls, a moustache of the same color biding his cruel, senasal mouth, 'and.his bright 'black eyeos, largo and bold, were capable of expressing as muoh:tender ness as his soft, thrilling voice. But, in spite of these natural advantages, the man's character was discernible on his countenance, for his expression betrayed that he was both selfish and crafty, and his heart not only cold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionate-not an uncommon combina tion in the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fickle as the winds, he would still never hesitate to draw a knife across the de. fenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the back of a man who stood between him and his objects. And he hold Ralph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power he would not scruple to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind was'busy with plans for the future,:but his thoughts seemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gldia had worn; nothing else seemed real or tangible. His newly recovered wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long clinging kisses were very pleasantto recall but those diamondsl When hie closed his eyes he could almostsee them again sparkling and glittering on the fair white throat (for a moment he paused to think how soft and tender that was), and in careless profusion. over the rich silken robes. Long after day light.had stolen in through the windows, Romano sat reasoning feebly-? "The jewels belong to Oidia, and she is undoubtedly mine,' why should not I make use of both her and them? '" 'The thought seemed at first a wild one,:but it -rapldly gained' ground, and ero long 'the Italian had fully determined' on :obtaining speedy posseession of the much.cooveted dia mnnds,' no matterat whatrisk; and he vowed fieroely it shbould faroe Ill with' the'man oer woman'whd" might dire to 'stand ins his path. B efeor the season-an .unuually gay one 'had. closed, Lady Disney astonished her hus. band bypleading for a hasty retreat to Disoey Manor, and-Ralph, though only too thankful to escape from'a life in every way irksome to. him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia she would probably find the country very dull after having accustomed herself to so much excitement. " You see, my dear, no one will leave town just now, and I doubt if you would get any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite sure Glaudia will not be persuaded to accompany s--at any rate, not till alter the next 'drawing.room and the Princess' Garden Party," he said warn. ingly, being too honest to take a mean advan. togs of what appeared to him an impalsive freak. "Oh, I do not care the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; "I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish we had never come to London at all, but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," and she began to cry. "'ialph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly in his arms " My darling "-soothingly-" we will start at once, if you really wish It. I shall be over joyed at having my little wife all to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure air of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring back the roses which have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, " and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cunninghame to join as there. It will be quite like old times," he added, plea. srntly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted .with this last arrangement her husband never heard, as their conversation was at that mo ment interrupted by the .entrance 'of callers, but the invitation was despatched, and duly acepted by, both ladies. Thefollowing week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town; and the name paper which recorded their departure for. Disney-Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Romano .was compelled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from pub. lio life. Hewas about toprooeed-so it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repose he so much needed. ' Lilies Dering's first impulse on.receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been .to 'refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed her. self severely for having for, a moment even entertained the thought: of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Ralph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush. ong effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all, her newly.acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light-hearted creature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Colverden Priory. "How happy they are I" Mrs. Cunning. hame would exclaim as she watched Ralph lover-like attentions and Gidia's little roquettries, as they strolled about the lonely old.grounds. And Lilies, though she had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe it so, and, with. out one regretful sigh for the happiness which might have been. hers, thanked 'God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunning. hame was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cot. tagers dwelling on their respective 'estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The draw ing-room opened on along terrace, from which some ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Buddenly from the dark fir trees came a peculiar note, which to most ears would have borne no significance, it was so like the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and throw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, .was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders; con lemptnoosly at the sight, then as the cry.was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided across the dewy: lawn, dived into, the shadowof the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the: arms of Sivio Romano. - SMy own love," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. "You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. ' How frightfully gloomy it is' here," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's side as she glanced fearfully around. "But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest,'! and the' blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. ' ..With arms.twined about each other, and heads.bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Cunninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had jest re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around' her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disnoy's asually blooming face, that Mrs. Ounninghame uttered an exalammation of surprise and dis-' may, which immediately attracted the atten tion of both Ralph and Lilies. " My love," said Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, "how imprudent of you to remain out so latel I shouldhave fetched you in long ago If I had only guessed where you were, for there most be a tremen dously heavy dew fallin , and youen are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. "Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Cunninghame, " the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, her feet are quite wet," pointing to the tiny satin slippers resting on a stool. " So they are I and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Ralph excitedly chafed the little Ihands which hung listlessly at her side, and' looked appealing towards Miss Dering. Lilies, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaches for having mono. polised Sir Ralph so long, rose and went to wards her niece. "GOomon; dear, you had better divest your. self of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will '.you kindly ring for Mario," to Ralph, "obrletme take you to your room; Gildie," and "she tenderly drewbher nieoe's'shoiverlnog form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and for onice the tears whlch' streamed down "'her cheeks 'were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a sigh of relief she found hersoelf at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny' frills hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace trimmings torn and disoolored. t hay will need my assistance once more," ah), thought,' triumphantly, as she bnshbed out the tangled golden courls,' and pured stealthily at the white drawn face reflocted in thesglhis. S" Miladi indeed appeaTs vrainient Mialldi," she said at last, softly. " 3Maladi is not wise to venture so late in the air of this perfidious .climate. Meon Dieu? . but it is simply atroci. ous to one accustomed to the delioious even. ings of the Sunny South, the bright Italio," and Maria oast up her eyes sentimentally. The Freonhwomnn'svoico breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had in. deed need of her maid's assistance, so sho answered "Yes, my good Marie, I am 111, wrodtcholy bs, and unless I feel ever so muoh better in the morning, I shall not leave my own apart. ments-at least not before the evening.' And, ohi whilst I think of it," she want .on care lessly. "Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds; I have arranged an entirely new setting for them if Sir'BRlph will only let me carry out my ideas.' . Mario took her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much as she could manage to carry. "Mon Dieu; but it is heavy," sh oex claimed, with a groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. "Yon need not remain," said GIdia, nervously, playing with the bunch of keys. "I am not inolined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again." The door had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidla, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. "How dare he ask me to risk' anoh a thing I' sheexolaimed vehemently. "There will be such a terrible storm when the rob bery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would hbe come of me? To fall so low. ater having climbed so high, would be dreadful, and I could almost hate Silvio for making me do this thing. How oruel he can be when he chooses I" she knoddtated. ' And yet I sup pose I really dd love him a little. Certalnly more than anyone else in the world." Tllen, her'sobs gradu lly.subsiding, she unlooked, the safe, and, ting .the diamonds loom their numerous velvoet ases, laid them in her, lap, where they spatklcd like the surface of a moonlit lake. - . "I have no aneotion for the horridly old fashioned thing themselves," she reflected. " Ialph will neter.be persuaded to lot me do whatI like with them. Then, as Silvio says; everyone will pe so full of commtseration when they hear.of my loss, that I shall be sure to have enaless presents to console mo, nice modern jeuellery, not this heavy dingy staff"-And aho looked contemptuously at the curious setling Balph valued more highly than the diamdnds themselves. ' "This rivibrt is rather nice though; Ire member the frince said how well it became me, at the Mansion House Ball," and she held it up to' the light, letting it glide over her pink fingers. "Yes, I must try and keep it somehow," decidedly. "After all, if Marie will only assiot me, I shall not have to run any very gret risk" (the little sinner was a philosopher ia her way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). . "It is poor Silvio .who will suffer, 11 anyone, but their he is far too clever to be caught,"-nnd having com fortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror began visibly; to diminish, giving plpue to another feeling of annoyancd as she thought- . "I shall have to give Marie'at least halt the mone Ralph gave. me yesterday-how exceedingly tiresome I" and she tonehed.the bell pettishly. 'In a few secondse the French woman oetered, bearing on na small silver salver a cap of steaming chocolate. " How nice, and thoughtful of you, Marie," and Oidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as she 'daintiy sipped the fragrant boverage. " I really do not know what I should do with out 'ou. And oh,I was just thinking; Iam not exactly pleased with the costume Madamo Lenore sent me yesterday, so you may have it if you like." Then, interrupting Mario's profuse thanks-" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's. Sir Ralph wishes'it, but they must be aroe. fully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to.morrow even. ing." Here Lady Disney's tones beoame studiously slow and measured, causing Marie to listen very attentively. "I shall leave my room exactly'at five minutes to eight; you will then immediately take the diamonds fiom their eases; lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm 'one, the'windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning'them. I have a presenti mont that when once down stairs-say at eight o'clock preaisely-the exertion of having allowed myself to be'dressed will prove too much for my strength, so be prepared to come to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand me?" and she fixed her eyes significantly on her' maid's expressive fea. tures. "But, .Miladi-- innd the Frenchwoman (who. fully entered'into the spirit of her mis. trees's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoul ders deprecatingly-- would it not be an im prudence to leave such valuable Jewels even for a moment? If by some terrible misad. venture they were lest, stolen, it is I, pauvre Mario who would be compelled to face ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beau. tifnl, so amiable, I would even risk that." "Best assured, Sir Ralph will never blame you for neglecting the diamonds ini your anxiety to fly to my assistance," replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. " I soo I can depend on your fidelity, Mario," and she opened a small cabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graciously-" To show you how highly I value your services." Mario said not a word, but fixed her eyes avaricously on the other half, which Gidia was about to return to the cabinet. Then. the eyes of mistress and maid again'met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not' do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Mario Dupont. Sir Ralph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening nnd found her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambre covering her dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to the wonderful erection of tiny golden ourls. S"Are you quite sure, darling, you feel well enough to join us at dinner," were her hus band's first words. "I have missed your bright little faeo sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would not have you overtax your strength for the world."" Oidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. . - ' "' Oh, yes, dear; I am really over so much better, and cannot consent to lose another of our dear, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revel in. I lovo to listen'to you and wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to under. stand all your clever plans "-then glanoing towards the little Dresden clock which had just chimed the third quarter-" Can you wait just another minute, dear? . Marie haa nearly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs." " Of course, dearest, I shall wait-an hour if you like." Then his eye fell upon the safo standing niar,'with the kdy dangling from the look. '"You are surely not coming out in your diamonds tonnight ," he said, wonder 'Ingly. . ' . ." ' ' (To b cosntinuee.)' 