MEN" ABOUT TOWX. [DESCRIBED BY THEMSELVES.] (No. I.) THE SHABEBEOKER. 1 am a sharebroker. If you should be going by the Corner any morning about 11 o'clock, or say twenty minutes after (for at 111 usually go across to the United Service for my glass of beer and a snack), and should see a young man with no beard and not much moustache, but what little there is carefully looked after and giving promise of a- glorious future — a young man with rather tight trousers, a very small hat, and a very big collar, ditto cufls, that will jin all probability be me. If in addition to the above he is leaning against; a post and snapping his fingers to a little, dun-coloured dog with a black pug nose and a curly tail, you may be quite sure that it ia me. The dog isn't mine—a dun-coloured dog suggests .unpleasant reflections. He comes trotting around every day, with his nose in. the air and that perky little tail of his curled in such a contemptuous fashion as to suggest the thought that he must be the ghost of some departed share speculator who did pretty well in this world, and who haunts the scenes of his former life just to seehow things are getting along. When there isn't much doing I lean against; that post for an hour sometimes^ thinking of the old life in the Bank where my father placed me when I left school, of my. honest efforts to do my duty there, of the pitiful screw I got, of my removal to 9 country branch, salary £75 a year and find myself, of my life in the hotel at the little country township where my lot was cast, of the drinking and the billiards, and the flirtation with Mary the housemaid and Jane tfta blacksmith's daughter, of the debts I contracted which I could not pay, of the hot nights in summer when to drink, and drink, and drink was really the only way to make life bearable, of the miserable headaches next day, and then of the muddles in the accounts, and so on, step by step, till the Manager could bear with me no longer, and then the removal and the demand upon me to pay what I owed, and the row when it came to the governor's ears, and of mv leaving the Bank's service—an honest lad, thank God, but a fast, silly young fool for all that, and made so by the very nature of my surroundings. I never see a good Bank dividend declared but I wonder how many a poor, indifferently paid boy has been nearly ruined in the making of it. Reveries of this kind are, however, often rudely broken in upon by the sudden rush of another broker shouting, "Got any duck eggs?* " Got any fishes'/" as the case may be. Now," that means business, or perhaps the contrary. It may be that some astute holier of ducks' eggs or fishes has made up his mind to sell out, and so sends round an enquiry as to what they can be bought at, with a view to trying to get up a run on them ; or it may be that the Manager has sent down a good report of the mine, and that Mr. Smith, a Director, has just been to the office and seen it, and so he gives the hint ta his friend J ones, and Jones is buying on joint account, and teils his broker to act quickly. The one who comes to me explains that I must do my work for say a third of the commission, as lie has to divide with another broker, and in order to make the commission when so split up worth anything to either of us we have to bleed the seller pretty freely. I believe cases have been known where an ignorant seller has been got at to an altogether shameful extent, where brokers, have taken the position of principals, and in a rapidly rising market thrown over the person for whom they really bought, and stuck to the shares themselves. I believe, that rogueries of all kinds have been carried: On in connection with share transactions, but 1 also believe that the same may be said of any other business under the suiu The numerous lady friends of that glorioua monarch Charles the Second are said to have had a habit of betting, very large sums of money with the ecclesiastics who hovered around-that august sovereign's Court that the King would make Bishops of them. The ladies usually won, and the apostolic succession went on in an unbroken line. I don't think Bharebrokers ever did anything much worse than that. Holders of scrip have often themselves to blame foe many of the irregularities which take place. When the broker talks of his commission they say, " Oh, I didn't want to have anything to do with commissions. Bring me BO much for my shares. That is all I ask. You can keep all you get over a certain amount." Some good brokerages are fre« quently made in this way ; and how can the broker be blamed? We are a good deal wiser than to wish to see this system alteredj lhen, again, we have got into a loose way of paying for^ scrip sold with our own cheques, instead of handing our principal the buyer's cheque and getting our commission from him we pay the buyer's cheque into our own account and draw our own cheque for the amount due the seller, less the commis- Cases liave been known in which the banker has embraced the opportunity to get the overdraft reduced, and has actually had the effrontery to dishonour our own cheques when presented for payment. One can t help pitying a man so caught; but who is most to blame, the man who encourages the system, or the poor broker whose confidence in his banker has been so rudely shaken ? •* Of course there are brokers to whom this kind of thing is never likely tooccur—men who have a balance to credit and shares and properties galore, men who ride in carriages £uid hold good positions m society, men who have always bwVL!!^ andp Jent aad whose pro^eritT^ell earned and thoroughly deserved. 'But thesa men don't know much about gold m i S they buy good fat dividend-paying stoTfoJ respectable, old fogies, who buy to hold/ They enquire only for bank and insursmcS shares and suburban trams, "they couldn't sell a lot of duoks eggs' or 'fishes' if von paid them ever so handsomely they wouldn't do it it would be considered They know the talk of Bank parlours an?^ secret of Insurance Boards! They S t« their principals that there will W 2 new issue of the City and Suburb* TR® ? shortly, and that the Smk or Swto M ^ has lost £2,0C0 on the nJuTL^S? Which has just been in collision anH^?^7' W the Channel. They a c t T t t fn, Companies, and their recom^rK or at a good list of apiSicaH^f l ° n meana eV such dignity. T nave h a v p i i i e - r a P" 1Ve a H in TC'.-^TrrjIi- to stand against a post wav i un -«f reet and put myself in tha S i * , These men have offices o! & °?L n an irom the ' d keep books. Old gentlemen. country come to see them and leav their money with them to invest. ihey get telegrams, "Buy me 50 or ICO so and scs/' uot.even naming afirnifc Here is confidence for you. I wonder if h t f c ^ r a -1 an y? hin Sto do with it On thoughtful consideration, I have come to th« conclusion that long cuffs and tight trousers are not conducive to confidence. A frock coat And rather baggy trousers with a black or white bell topper (black by preference) appears to have most attraction for moneyed people. I think in a year or two I shall try an<T dress the part, but a fellow who has plaved the walking gentleman eaunot come the*heavy lather all at once ; and then there Is one's reputation with the ladies to be thought of ; I know they like my style best. 