NEWS OF THE DAÏ. ?- '?? .-' PouwoAt ohanges aro taking place at Perm wUJ may lead to eenou» results, a he BmpreM ?o«r«g«¡» , expressed her diW.t_f.otbn with the dilatory ma* in which the Ministère of State have been«. with the matter of tho mvaaion of roñada the Irench by d.sm.esioß tho «]»?' ^ÄJ Secretary of State, Prince Hung, and publicly g«J him and four other councillor Councillors Wf be appotnted who aro loss di.po.od to a pac, Jo J. and thus » war between Ohma and France may bog cipitated. Our cablegrams of th» morning ^ a serions rebellion in the island of Cabs Ihe bpsal!« Government has been appealed to ^ moMjoJ» suppress tt. Tho robell.on ia the Senden h» g* to tho Nubian province of Dongola One or ^ arrests of persona concerned » rooont murdcra > land and dynamite outrago« in Lng ami nave made, and important dooumonts eoirod His Excellency the Governor. Lord August*.Loll« leffinH^S. Miranda for Nor oik¿elanon; S* day. The voaaol oloarod the Hoads at 110 p vu Sin _.W.T>«s V«m* Governor of r.jt, M*JJ Voeux, and Sir Henry Wrenfordsloy, the Otof Wf of Fiji, arrived yesterday forenoon by tno a Company's steamship Cintra. , Kino Tawhaxo, tho Now Zealand monarch, « arnvod boro last wook on his way to rntfand, to^ departure from Sydney on Saturday by the & Sorata. Previous to embarking, the, Kia«: ^ ^ wore entertained at breakfast by Mr «¿" w his rooms m tho Sydney Arcada KmgJ» seemed highly delighted witt tho ««P^^J,, placed before hun, and * «pH»»d tojw» gratitude to Mr Quong Tart for "f^ V mark of his appreciation^ of Mr Quong 1art, pitahty. tho King presented him *^ '^bd specimen of Now Zealand greenatono whi h to« ^ been » his posaosaion for no lees than. -° ^ bl Quong Tart appropriately tanked thK.»g prosoSt and ho wished him ovory buccasa in ti» m Whioh ho waa about to undertake Tnn Mayor of Melbourne, ^»^P^^V^pt. of Victorian bowlers who have come .»««^ with local players P»^"* "^^"s.totdV * Mavor of Sydnev at the lownlMI "" ^Äjohi Smith was introduced to Mr Hardie ^ *ld^ _, Yonng, and a number of Sydney Rent cm jo «r I present Mr Hardie gave his worship of M» Ld ma comnaruonB a hoarty woloomo to the city expressed "the interest ho experienced in eonnootion ?with intercolonial bowling matches, and he hoped theso .would bo perpetuated. In speakiug of tho fédération of the colonieo, ho eonsidorod tho expedient as unneces- sary so for as Sydney and Melbourne wero concerned, for'their respective councils wero in moat harmonious relation with oaoh other. lie conoludod by proposing tho hoalth of the Mayor o£ Melbourne. The toast was cordially drunk, and waa responded to by Mr. Smith. This gontloinan said ho had not anticipated tho pleasure of a greeting of this hind, aa he had come hore simply as a private member of a howling t*am. Ho rooiprooatod tho complimenta ex- pressed bv the Mayor of Sydnoy, and «aid that his visit to tho city waa of a dolightful character. Ho added that in tho matter of road-paving Holbourne had talton a hint trom Sydnoy, and was adopting her splendid method of using woodoo block«. IIo then " tod those present to drink tho health of tho Mayor &. Sydnoy, and his request waa heartily responded to all round. Mr. Hardie proposed, the hoalth of Mr. 'Mark Mose, president of tho Victorian team, and of ?his companions, and ho stated his intention of present- ing a gold medal to the successful side in the forth- coming match. Mr. Moss returned thanks not alono for tho prosont honour, but for tho hospitality which .was invariably extondod boro to Viotorian playorB. The hoalth of Aldorman John Young, who had popularised bowls hore, was aleo drunk, and the party then proceeded to inspect tho building end to ascond tho tower, from whioh so pleasing and ostensivo a view of tho city moy bo obtainod. Tub following candidates (80) passed the last en- trance examination in connection with the Sydney High School :-Girls : Booth, Bowes, J. Copeland, L. Copeland, Dunshea, Ewan, Farleigh, Fisher, It. Harbor, Loyd, M'Donnoll, Morriman, Mills, Sherwin, Stephen- son, Ward. Boys: W, D. Schrader, Fort-Sreet school; A. Eden, Cleveland-Street school ; J. Nancarrow, Fort Street : B. Mackay, Tumut Public School ; E, Martin, Parramatta Public school ; W. Scowon, 0. E. Smith, W. Beaton, H. Jardine, A. Fraser, J. Perkins, G. Rosenthal, J. E. Paul, L. Samson. On referonce to our advertising columns it will be soon that the High School will reopen to-morrow morning, Tuesday, at 9.15. On Saturday and yesterday the weather was very unsettled. At times the sun would shine out with almost summer warmth, then the Sky would become quite overcast, and a cool wind made the atmosphere almost chllly. On Saturday morning there was a light shower, and early yesterday morning heavy rain fell. After dark yesterday the clouds dispersed, and tho moon beamed down from an almost unclouded sky. The apprehensions that the citizens wero likely to Buffer from a scanty supply of wator have boon reudored moro remoto by raine whioh fell last wook. After tho first heavy ehowors of Saturday and Sunday week, caloulations wero made that tho supplies at Botany had received an accession equal to four months' consumption. Actually, however, the quantity of rain was 50 per cent, moro than this, but the authorities do not oaloulato upon the preservation of moro than two tbirda of n rainfall, bocaueo largo quantities aro evapo- rated by tho intenso heat to which the sand is oxpoacd, ¡or oro absorbed beyond reoovery. The later raine, how- ever, will prevent the evaporation of tho oarlior ehowors. Tho citizens, startled also into moro actively .ïesponding to Mr. Jonee'o desire, have moderated their consumption vory considerably. Dispensing with the use of plungo baths as a luxury, and resorting to them only as a necesaity, and economising also in other direc- tions, they have roducod their consumption from 31 'millions to 26 million gallons a wook, and in consé- quence of this it is estimated that the supplies at ; Botany, though still invisiblo to the eyo, will last for a mnflh longer period than the four months already men- tioned. It would appear from a report published olsewhore that bo far from thero boing any abatement in tho «everity of tho typhoid, or enteric, fovor epidomio, there has hean a oonsiderablo amount of increaeo in the 'number of persons attackod by tho disease. Between 'the 1st January and Saturday last, 12th April, no fewer than 840 persons wore oonveyed to tho Coast 'P^pital, at Little Bay. Of that number 100 wero suffering from the fever, and 234, who had boen in hospitals, wero in the convalescent stage. Of the 103 fever patients sent to Little Bay, 28 wero disoharged, and 5 died. There aro at present in tho institution 73 fever patients. Of the 2S4 patients in a convales- cent stage who were admitted, 191 have been dis- charged, leavirg in the oonvaleacent division of the hospital 58 persons. The total number of typhoid patienta in the hospital at thto present timo (inoluding those in a convalescent stage) is 126. There are also in the Sydney, Prince Alfred, and St. Vincent's Hos- pitals, about 68 pationts, On Saturday morning the Inspector of Nuisances nade an inspeotion of the dairies in the western division of the city. Nineteen dairies were visited, the result being tolerably satisfactory, so far aa oloanlinoas WSB concerned, but there are other points oonneoted with thom deserving of very serious consideration. A detailed report appears in another column. Tim Immigration Board wero hard at work on Satur- day at the Orient Company's steamship Cambodia, and íuoceeded in olearing the vessol of all her living freight i betöre the afternoon. The immigrants are non all iafely housed. In connection with tho reoent proceedings in the ^Presbyterian General Assembly we aro requested by the ?.Rev. 0. Maolnnes, B.D., the eorutineer appointed by the Moderator in the division on the question of Union with the Synod of Eastern Australia, to publish tho division list. For the motion that the Assembly open negotiations,with the Synod, there voted the Eev. Dr. Geokie, D. Moore, W. J. Outhbort, T. E. Clouston, A. A. Aepinall, W. Gardner, G. Maolnnoa, A. Osborne, A. Gardiner, J. Paton, Dr, Moore White, E. Jaokson (Tumut), J. Adam, and Messrs, J, ß. Adam and A. Dodds (15). Por the amendment that the Assembly receive any overtures made by tho Synod, there voted the Eev. J. H. Craig, W. Maokonzie, E. Holland, J. Burgess, J. Cameron, P. Fitzgerald, J. Lamont, J. Bannatyne, D. Allan, W. Bain, J. Ayling, E. H. Waugh, W. Baker, E. Bisset, E. Kay, J, Auld, G. Grimm, B. Collie, Dr. Fullerton, E. S. Paterson, T. J. Curtis, It. M'Kinnon, J. Walker, J, 0. M'Donald, and Mosers. Symes and Goodlet (26). | On Good Friday Mr. W. Evoloigh and the Mayor of i Sydney (Mr. John Hardie) forwarded to the Eandwiok j Asylum 700 buns oach, for the use of the children, i On Good Friday morning tho Mayor of Sydnoy | (Mr. John Hardio) made a prosout at the Eastorn Fieh ] Market of a cart load of hot oross buns to tho fishor \ men, their wives, and families, to whom they } were distributed by Mr. Inspector Seymour. This j gonerons act of tho Mayor was roceivod with I great delight and thankfulness by the fishermen, many \ of whom had come in from the Tuggerah Lakes and j Broken Bay for tho purpose of spending Easter with j their Monda at Botany. j Tua twenty-seventh annual report preeented to the j »ombors and friends of the Unitarian Churoh, at the j general meeting held on the 26th ultimo, shows that | the oburoh has oontinned to progress under the jj pastorate of the Eev. A. B. Comm. The services have | J been well attended and the membership baa increased, ¡j the result being that tho funda havo also been nug \ moated. Eoference is made to the Floral Service which j was held in September. Several alterations and im i proveraents have been made in tho ohurch, but the | report says many moro aro needed, and might be done I WM0'«o nooessary funds forthcoming. The interior I of the building needs renovation and adornment, and ,| other neooasary things aro requirod to complete it, so I Si.to,make il comfortable and harmonious in design. I J-ûe death of the lato Mr. William MaoDonnell, one of I »«founders of tho Unitarian Churoh in Sydnoy, is | alluded to in feeling terms in the report. The com- ía mittoe duly acknowledge the sorvioos rendered by the 1.1 organist and ladies and gentlomen forming the choir. | Jn ^elusion tho report deals with tho roligioua in a Btructlon of the young, provision for which has boon I mado by the formation of a juvenile class. A -ni? aunounooni<>nt of the death of Mr. J. S. Jones '1 . ii roceivei1 wi'h a fooling of sincore regret, espe- cially by the membera of the profeasion with whioh he was so long connected. Tho deceased was a nutivo of .Liverpool, England. Aftor aorving an apprenticeship "/five years as a pupil teacher, ho oompleted his pro lesDionnl training under Dr. Tomple, the present Bishop of Exeter, and on this prolate'a recommendation, was selected by tho Privy Counoil on Eduoation to fill the position of toaohor under the lato National Board. On bli a.mval in the early part of 1855, ho received the appointment of hoad master of Oloveland-atreet sohool, Having filled this position for some time, he waa noxt appointed principal of the Fort-street Training sohool, and nftenvarde received an appointment as inspector of schools, which latter office ho Ulled for the paat_ 10 yoars. ne was one of tho few teachers who gainod the certificate of IA., and ho did much to raice the statua and improve tho educational syBtem of the oolony. Hie intellectual and educational attainments wore of a high order. As an inspootor ha was regarded as being straightforward, outBpokon, and genuino, and among the teaching profession he was sincerely and highly respected. Ho was occupied in tho performance of his duties on Thursday, and died of angina poctoria, after two hours' illness at the rosidonoe o£ a relative, at 0.30 p.m. on tha following day. The City Coroner held an inquest at Darlinghurst Gaol on Saturday morning, on the body of a female prisoner named Margaret Strong, who died in the gaol hospital on the previous day. The deceased, who was an old offender, had been undergoing a sentence for vagrancy. The jury found that death had resulted from natural causes. We learn from a correspondent that tho wooden leg imposition ia again being practised in Sydney and the Buburba. Whothsr it is the ßarae woman our corre- spondent cannot soy for certain, but ho recognised the samo potitiou-a trifle moro dirty than before-whioh seta forth that she is collecting monoy to enable her to purchase an artificial leg for hor son, who was injured by au accident. It is now some six or eight months eiuco wo drow attontion to the imposition, and stopped it for a while, after it had boen in operation thon for some two years or more. Tho30 who aro oharitably inclined nre warnod not to put credenco in this petition without further inquiry. It would perhaps bo _ as well to refer the matter to tho Charity Organisation Sooicty. Tnr: Promior of Tasmania (says the Hobart Mercury) hn¡i received the following lotter from Commodore Erskine, datod 1I.M.S. Nelson, Sydney, Maroh 28: " Dear Sir,-I have tho honour to acknowledge the receipt of your lottor of tho 22nd March, together with a parcel by tho Corinna, containing a series of photo- graphs so kindly presentod to mo by tho Government of Tasmania. I beg to express my warmest thanks for this handsomo souvenir, which will afford mo not only a pleasing momento of my visit to your colony, but will bo an agreoablo token of tho cordial rolations which havo existod botwoon tho Government of Tas- mania and the officers and mon of the squadron it has boen my privilege to command." Eir.nTLY or wrongly (exclaims the Albury Banner); it has for a long time been pretty generally bolievod that certain Sydney land ogont3 havo been in tho habit of obtaining from various branches of the Lands Depart- ment Bpeoial information whioh was not available to tho goneral public, and whioh thoroforo gave the favoured individuals exceptional advantages in the con- duct of their business. That euch a 6ystam is essen- tially improper, besides boing unjust to other competi- tors following tho earne wiling, goos without saying ; but wo rogrot to add its existence is not tho only ground for complaint in this conneotlon. It is within our knowledge that several condi- tional purohasers in this distriot, on applying to the Lands Department for thoir certificates of fulfilment of conditions, have boon referred by the department to cer- tain land agents, who, on boing communicated with, aro found to hold the certificates and expoet payment for delivering the samo. In ono oaeo tho selector, without taking any notion liimsolf at all, rocoived a letter from a Sydney land agent intimating that the writer hold his oortifioato of compliance, and would forward it on re coipt of the agent's charge. In neither casoî referred to had tho land agents been instruotod to act for any of tho seleotore, and tho question that arises is this : How did tho ngonts obtain their information, and by what right did they seouro possession of dooumonts belonging to othor people ? On the question of iron shipbuilding in England, " A Tyneaidor" writes to a London paper:-" Tho re- turns of tonnage lnunohed havo now been issued, and the amount is so great that we may safely say that building has been overdone. Probably we must con- sider 1881, 1682, 1883 a3 the three good years of the decade, and for seven years to come look for » restricted production ; and along with this a woakening of prioes, bringing thom down to-first, a bare prout, then hardly bread and cheese, then positive loss, then the ' survival of the fittest,' and so to tho end of the cycle, This will lead, and is already leading, to careful examina- tion of costs, reduotion of wages, and disohargo of all unnecessary hands, whether workmen or clerke, During the year 1883 wages have ruled very high, but still tho mon have shown groat moderation, considering the pressure which there has been for their services. The rates for piecework are especially heavy, and this arises from tho faot that former prices per owt. or por plate have not been widely departed from, notwithstanding that improved machinery and appli- ances enable the workmen to got through twice or tbrice the output of formor years. There nae beon a groat extension of shipbuilding oh tho continent of Europe, and, sooner or later, wo shall havo to oompeto with the United States. As soon as foreigners get plant equal to ours, if they can at tho carno time have cheaper labour, it will be a sorious matter for English builders." Tun Pall Mall Gazette thus refers to tho late Mr. Chenory'a eucoessor :-" Tho oditor of the Times, poople used to say, was as good as a Cabinet Minretor, and on that showing one muBt almost go baok to the times of Pitt for a parallel to the new appointment, for Mr. Buckle in only just ovor thirty. Ho went up to Now Collogo with a Winchester scholarship twelve years ago, and his Oxford record is evidoncs alike of industry and of varied attainments. He went in, we believe, for two Bchools in ' Moderations,' and sub- sequently obtained two first-classes in 'groats ' (classics and history), as well as the Nowdigate Prize Poem (on Livingetono), and a fellowship at All Souls'. Mr. Buokle had not long taken his degreo when ho was offered an important post on the Manchester Guardian, and the confidence in his futuro which ho showed by refusing this öfter was eoon jus- tified by his appolntmont as assistant editor under Mr. Chonory. Mr. Buokle has now tho chanco of a great career before him, and every one will hope, in the interoBts of English journalism, that he will make tho most of it." Ax amusing defeat of the Amerloan spiritualist, Mr. Bastian, is announced from Vienna, whero (says the Pall Mall Gazette) for some time the eminent medium has boen the caueo of much discussion among the higher and highest classes of society. Tho Crown Prince of Austria and Arohduko John, having deter- mined to sound tho mysteries of Mr. Bastian's art, arrangod threo seances at tho Archduko's residence, Tho first was held without any revelations, but before tho second meeting began preparations were eeorotly made to oatoh the ghost in a trap. Aftor the soleot audienco had gathered in a dimly lighted room, a spirit elad in a garb of mourning silontly entered, while tho medium was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fast asleep. This room was separated from that in which the audience was assembled by a curtainod doorway through whioh the ghost pasied. In this ontranco the conspirators, howovor, had fixed a secret door, which they could shut silontly and instantly by touohing a spang. Whilo tho mournful ghost was flitting boforo the awe-struok assembly this door sud- denly shut, and tho ghost, who stood revealed as Mr. Bastian, vainly endeavoured to mako his osoapc. The merrimontóf the company know np bounds when the medium's ehoos alone were found in the next room, whore a few moments boforo Mr. Bastian had beon lying in mesmeric sloop. Tho depression in spiritual- istic oircles is naturally very groat." Theke is roason to behove (writes the London corre- spondent of tho iefancTics¿er'Guardian) that for years past tboro has existod a sort of understanding between tho Hussion and British Governments that tho latter would not regard the occupation of Merv by the formor asa menace to the Indian Empirn. Tho subject waB, it is said, discussed when Lord Derby was Foreign Socretnry and Prince Gortschokoff Imperial Chancellor, as a stop whioh it might be nocossary for BusBia to toko. Beyond the fact that it ia an advance, tho pos- session of Marr ia regarded as having no strategic value, and that a BuBsinn occupation of Merv should bo resisted has novor entored into the deliberations of any British Government. The administration of Lord Beaconsfield, it will be remembered, proposed to mako an arrangement with Persia, whioh would probably have led to a much oarlier advance upon Merv than that which has now boon mado, and which has for some yoars past beon regarded only as a question oí I time. Mu. Lf.weli.-vn C. Russell JoxT.g, of Daintrey and Jonos, solicitors, Ciintloroagh-streot, Sydnoy, has beon ap tminted bv thoir Excellences the Governors of tho States of Delaware, California, Uhodo Islond, and Providenco Plantations, United Slates of America, a Commissioner to toko oaths and acknowledgments of deeds, &c;, for tho abovo States, in Australia. The promoters of Mr. ft. T. Booth's Gospel Tomporouco Mission, ftt tho líxhibftion Building, i ro orgnaioiu¿ a choir of 600 voices to lead the Binging of Gospel torappranco hynina. The first rohearsal will tiiko place in tho Protestant Hall, on Tuesday ovoning next, at hilf-past 7 o'clock. , The following in the roport of the Prince Alfred Hospital for tho wook ending April 12 :-Number of in-patients at last report, 79 males, 56 females-total, 135 ; since admitted, 21 males, 7 females-total, 28; discharged, 9 males, 13 females-total, 22 ; died, 6 males, 1 females-total, 8 ; remaining in hospital on April 12, 85 males, 48 fórnales total, 133._ 