GEOFFRY STIRLING BY MRS. LEITH ADAMS. BOOK THIRD.—CHAPTER 1L (Continued.) Only late the night before hai Ralph • arrived, at his desolate home, there to he greeted by poor old Anthony—a greeting more of tears than smiles—there to find Oaylad standing by the well-known door, almost blind, yet out of himself," as the butlt-r ijut it, with joy at his young master's return. Then Cuthbert Deane led Ralph into the silent house, led him to where Alicia stood waiting to give him hearty welcome. It was a strange and desolate home-coming, though it had been made the <beat of. Nurse Prettyman threy her arms -about her nursling's neck, and broke into tears of mingled joy and grief; joy to see . her dear boy once again; grief that had its rise in a deeper font than any there wotted -of; and there was the empty chair, the -vacant place of which the first sight is \- Co any of ns as the stab of a knife that cuts . sight to the core of our hearts, while ringing . in our ears is the doom pronounced of old on all that are mortal, " The place that knew him shall know him no more." After that long night, during which thoughts and reminiscences of those whose voices should never more fall upon his ear , jostled one another in his busy brain, the «unBhin« laden with the music of the sweet bell-voices, the hearty grasping hands, the smiles of welcome, the words of happy . greeting, seemed a strange new world about Ralph Stirling. His cheek was pale; his iips set in firm lines that told of feelings held in repression, yet swelling in his breast. He knew that the kindly feeling poured out upon him in such generous measure to-day was not all his own due, but was given to him as the son of the man who had been well-beloved among his fellows, high and low, rich and poor—the man whose tender genuine nature, whose ready sympathy with sorrow, whose pity tor the suffering and the sad, had been as cords that dre* men's hearts whether they would or no. Cuthbert Deane was not one to whom people were apt to lend an inattentive ear. People who are very much in earnest seldom meet with lukewarmness in others, for •earnestness is ot all things most catching. But to-day the Vicar addressed a gathering •of men and women whose ears were more or less deaf in consequents of their eyes being ior ever drawn to the young squire's reverently bent head; being, in a word, focossed upon the Dale End pew. Calmly conscious of and amused by this state of affairs, somewhat full at heart himself too. if truth must be told, Cuthbert Deane cut his li.orning's discourse rather short, and thoe oughly epjoyed the way in which Jake flung l.'mseli into the spirit of the concluding fcyum. " No wonder the chapel counts Jake as of its brightest ornaments," thought the T 'icar, a little smile lurking under his beard, • i • "—with heart and voice—and plenty of the ];• uter—Jake led the rest, casting the rustic < h.iir completely into the shade, and serenely unconscious of the stony glances bestowed iijion him by the leader of that musical body —led off " as if he was born to't," as that indignant potentate remarked afterwards— Praise God. from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him all creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. " And yo* did praise God. too, Jake, and no mistake about it," said the farmer, with a. delighted chuckle, as the two came out together when the service was over. - r ' What else did I coom for t" retorted : Jake, do when i.into t, • •" Aye, that dost thou," said the farmer ; an' a' thy lungs tooj lfs a marvel, Jake, at such a weazeny mon as thee can mak* so much noise." . "May be," said Jake, "may be; I'm gifted that way, I know; but I strive to be on my guard against undue upliftin's. Them as is gifted walks along pitfaa's and quagmires, neighbour, and should be wary lest spiritoosl pride step in and bring them to a Aonyend." I"ne fanner, in a high state of delight, nudged Nancy with his elbow, and went near to set her off laughing. But Jab serenely- unconscious of satire, •with his peaky nose uplifted, and his weazen lace one sweet smirk of self-content, made liia way among the crowd, comparing in his mind—most unfavourably to the former— Church and Chattel, orthodoxy and dissent. This time. Sir Den by and his spouse drove off alone, old Anthony toddled away with Mrs. Geddes, gorgeously attired in honour of the festive character of the occasion, and Ralph lingered with the Vicar and Alicia. -*'I have not seen Mrs. Devenant and the child Hilda," he said, looking: somewhat wistfully round the little groups that still lingered -here and there. . A soft flush rose in Alicia's cheek. Her • dislike to the mistress of the White House was not a thing that had dwindled and pined, but rather a feeling that had gathered, -and was still gathering strength. Perhapb her husband wished to anticipate .what she might say. At all events he spoke promptly in answer to Ralph's question. : " Mrs. Devenant is a great invalid, though many say her illness is more of the mind Xhan of the bod v." Ralph looked grave. He had heard the story of his fathers death. He was wondering u the shock of it had been detrimental to the woman who had come so nobly forward in the hour of need, proving herself a friend indeed. " And—Hilda ?' he asked, after a short silence. "Is her mother's shadow," said the Vicar. "Her devotion, her entire forgctfulness of self, are beautiful things to see. She Beems to live only in and for her mother's life." At the vicaraee gate the three lingered. "Will you not oome in, Ralph?" said Alicia; and her voice had a little tremble in it that made .Ralph's grave, dark eyes look at her questioninglv. ''ISO, thanks, he said; " not now—but I will be with joU|this evening." "Cuthbert," said the "Vicar's wife as they watched the tall lithe figure pass along the road beneath the grey shadow of the trees, where do you think Ralph is going ?" " I don't think—1 know," said the Vicar. "He is going to the White House. My darling, what is it!" "Perhaps some one is walking over my grave1" answered Alicia, who had paled suddenly, but was smiling up at her husband, as if to deride her own weakness. So they passed into the house that was their earthly paradise; and, being together, could hot but be happy. Yet Alicia was more Bilent than usual. Meanwhile, Ralph betook himself up the road along which, one terrible night in the far-off past, the shadow of a woman had chased the shadow of a man—along which Hester Devenant had tracked her huBband, Gabriel. When he reached the gates of the White House, Ralph stopped a moment, brought to a halt by the cnlldish memories that o&me; upon him like a flood. How often peering through those bars nad he watched for Davie—Davie, with Seutle, loving, and wistful face, and a tiny »Mt, carved out of white wood, nestling in >UB coat pocket! How often had he watched Shst dear father, whom his eyes should never more behold in life, driving in as he came ittme from the Bank, while Jeremy, holding the gate og«n, looked as though he thought he was going through immense exertion on behalf of the family! There was the nursery window, where he to lie curled up in the window-seat, SJththe yellow pup upon his lap, and Nurse -rrettyman—(dear, dear! how the poor old cried last night to be sure)—held rorth on the enormities of little people not wanting to go to bed in due and and proper lime. ^Tj&t; a long lifetime seemed to lie between l™ 1 ani now j Was the weary, hopebennmbed man, who once sat crouched «>gether facing the horror of a " thick darkless, from which issued the riot and the ot many waters, in very truth the child wn the curly locks, who clung toGeoffirey S^i^f ehand, or stood, wrapped In admiraf;° a -«the knee of her whom he called his ^JuvA ?4mma"—that picture painted in CA J ^"'y colours, that picture which ^fe&d; out of his life ? . J-ne mac b lavender pyramids were scentff e n „„,® au v the laburnum was shaking out i^/fH^locks to the balmy breeze, so balmy 4 Its S^fr -il, touch was a caress to every JTfl„£ ble ? The vear's first butterflies fluttered about from flower to tree, and ,?? wer >a timid uncertain way, them were a new and almost bewildering in its brightness and delight. The river-could it £e the same that rushed and twirled so madly tout a while ago ?—stole along, whispering among the flowers and reeds, and kissing the golden k 1^ -cups as it passed. (To be continued, i NORTH ADELAIDE JUVENILE FLORAL Society.—A floral and industrial exhibition will be opened in the Lecture Hall of the North Adelaide Congregational Church this afternoon. £&• A Novelty in Ribbons is the Chaneeant obtainable at Hay & Compy s. King Williamstreet 2Sltc • in To and endeavour we MM to please U J .. generally gl'ea , satis »_ , -, ^ »'opr always aim to please customers. G. & W. Snierlaw XI. Hindley-street gqocvd <5T For Gloves and Hosiery try Hay & Compy. Iheii makes give satisfaction on three points, viz. pits, Wear, and Appearance. 23Uc 