CHRISTMAS. Cbbistuas with all its tender and bright associations is again upon us. The great festival of Christendom has not yet be come an empty celebration. There are changes in the manner of keeping it, as there are changes in the season of its ad vent. In the old country the complaint is that genuine trost and snow are rarely visible at the year's close, that the snowy beard and rimy habilmenta of Father Christmas are fast becoming merely tra ditional. Skating and snowballing are almost disappearing as pastimes ; and it would not astonish one to hear that ice is chiefly in use in summer time, in an ex clusively artificial state. In southern latitudes thegrumblingtakes another form. Here in Australia boisterous -winds, cloudy days, and chilly nights supplant the clear sunny December weather which was. wont to usher in the glories cf Christmastide. In neither hemisphere, then, is the weather accounted seasonable; and weather plays an important part in all festivities, as indeed it does in every mood and relation of life. The churlish chiding of the winter's wind is unheeded ; say, is complacently tolerated at Christ mas in England, where the absence of enow at such a period is lamented as a personal deprivation. The yule log and blazing fagots have their illuminating in fluence impaired by conditions so alien to 4- Via anirif f\£ 4-iiA faaflTral T?A**n fnn 4-liia transformation witnessed is bewildering. The prospect of enjoying the customary feast and diversions within doors while the stormy blast rives at the doors and windows would perhaps be no unpleasant one to those who have revelled in the delights of a wintry Christmas at home ; but to Young Australia all this would be an amazing traverse of natural laws. The plum- pudding and roast beef may be eaten with the thermometer at 110 in the shade, picnic hampers may be unpacked while a hot wind from the north strews its con tents about on the scorched ground, without ruffling the jovial temper con genial to Christmas merrymaking ; but what can be said to the untimely and unwelcome intrusion of surly weather, offspring of the frozen regions, wanderer from the tremendons wastes of ice aad snow that lie in the remotest parts of the earth and ocean? Christmas may be kept — has in sooth been kept — in the awful solitudes of the Polar seas as in the most torrid clime, and the keeping of it has shown how in efiaceable are the hallowed memories that cling around 'the feast of all the year.' Tet ice in the Sahara and burn ing sand at the South Pole would hardly be more out of place than frosty air in South £ ustralia and stifling heat in Eng land at Christmas. Fortunately it has not come to this yet, and it may still be permitted us to accept with appropriate satisfaction the representations of the season given us by poets and painters. The elemental change has its counter part in the feelings of many vrho were wont in their youth to regard Christmas in a far different light from what they do row. In the country Father Christmas is welcomed and honored as of yore ; in town he is neither so uniformly welcomed nor so right-royally entertained. The Scrooges have multiplied, and the cricket on the hearth sings a less cheery song. Yet, withal, there fortunately remains the pleasing conviction that the obser vance of this festive season can never wholly die out. The number of persons who openly call it a bore may be in itrcQ«ino an HTiilnTiVitArilv is i.Tii* TiiimTifir nf those who look forward to its recurrence with secret dislike ; nevertheless the great majority of people throughout Christen dom still piously, freely, and joyously hail the returning anniversary of the Nativity. Happily, the inevitable cannot be resisted. Even the unwilling celebrants of the feast Lave, perforce, to put on a semblance of jocund conformity, constrained aa they aie to perceive that whether they like ifc or not Christmas is in the air about them, is an all-pervading influence which makes itself felt in a thousand ways. They are re minded that all of us must be the slaves of Christmas if we refuse to be the loyal sub jects. It is surely preferable to join heartily in the general movement around us, to throw ourselves into the joys of others, and to do all we cm to act up to the old traditions of the day, rather than to stand aloof in grim dis pleasure, and to be forced after all to sub mit with a bad grace to a rule that is too strong for us. In whatever form Christ mas may come to us — cold or hot, wet or dry, with frost and snow, with mud and drizzle, or with showers of dust, as its attendants - it is equallysure of a welcome, and it is certainly better to be its willing than unwilling votaries. It is the season of home joys, the Teunion of families, the ?burying of animosities, the welding of friendships, the triumph of charity. Its sacred influence is diffused through the home circle, and the domestic hearth be comes the blessed altar of mutual forgive sefs and of thanksgiving. Though essentially a home festival, a family jubilation, Christmas is not for gotten in places where the household gods are unworehipped. In this season espe cially charity covers a multitude of sins and infirmities. The homeless stranger, tne veriest outcast, is an ooject or com passion. The poor, the sick, the insane, even the criminal taste the sweets of the sanctified season. At sea, in the bush, in the rough quarters of navvies, as in gaol and hospital and lunatic asylum, the day is commemorated, aud who can tell how minds long benumbed, hearts seared, and lives well-sigh hopeless, are stirred by recollections of the days that are no more, and are quickened by impulses for good Ah ! who can tell? Even the hardened criminal may feel momentarily penitent if he can recall the unheeded admonition? cf fond parents, and glimpses of parity andinnocencebeforehe learned, with bitter experience that. the ways of transgressors are hard. But for the most part the outcasts will eat, drink, and be merry, regardless of the morrow. To the wan cheek of the sick child Christmas fare and Christmas gifts will bring the flush of pleasure, and from the young heart the gratitude that repays a hundredfold the love and bounty so considerately bestowed. What thoughts of hoaie crowd upon the mariner as in seiman-like fashion he feasts and makes merry with his mates as the good ship sails further and farther away from cherished scenes. Tearful yearnings and fancies are pro bably dashed away by the roystering re cital of how lorn jolly canon, so stout and so strong, accomplished remarkable feats on a memo rable occasion. Or, perhaps, the talk is of the strange gathering at the 'homa,' where Jack ashore exhibited more than Neptunian politeness as he sat at the social board whereon Christmas dainties were piled round a miniature model of a man-of-war — The topmast bftlyartfR of long-spinne-a' legi ; The royals like the wings of grasshoppers. Afloat or ashore Christmas must assert its supremacy, even in the most forbidding spots ; and the sense of smell must be unknown to any one thrown in the midst of preparations for the feast, whence float Sktiran cints from the spier shore Of Arab; the blest. Christinas may come without its ghost story, but it cannot depart without the consumption of plum pudding. Depres sion may be general in business, yet for the nonce feasting will prevail, for if the money-bags are lees plethoric the mince pies are as rich as ever* Nor will the de serving go without their customary pre- - sent, though it may be no longer true that Wten time comes round a Christmas- box they bear And one day makes them rich lor all the year. To the young Christmas is a season of enchantment, illumined by a fairy light. The mystery of the waits, the raptures awakened by the carol-singing, the snap dragon, frolics, and feasting without stint, the gifts, the games, the parties, are all embraced within the transplendent holi day which is the goal of anxious ex pectancy and the realisation and fruition of many gladsome hopes. Their elders, too, become young again in the contem plation of scenes that revive the days when they went glpsying a long time ago, and the exciting moments when they kept vigil in the vain belief that they would catch St. Nicholas, patron of good children, unawares, but were at last wrapped in dreamy slumbers. They can still remember the lines which described the arrival of the generous visitant — 'Twos the night before Christmas, when all through the bonse Not a creature was stirring, sot even a mouse ; The stockings were hong by the chimney with care* Id hope that St. Nicholas soon would bs tbere. The children were nestled all snog in their beds, While visions of angar-ploms danced through thalr beads; Ana mamma in oer sercniei. ana i. in my cap, Bsd just settled onr brains for a long winters nap, When out on the lawn there rose snch a clatter. I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter. There was no doubt of it — it was the Christinas wizard, arrived in great style to discharge his wondrous duties — More rapid than eagles bis cooraers they cttne. And be whistled and shouted, and called them by n&mc;^ Now Bather, now Dancer, now Prancer, now Vixen! On Comet, on Cupid, on Bonder, and Blixen ! To tbe top of the porch, to the top of the wall, Now dath away ! flash away - dash away all ! As tbe leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, When they meet with an obstacle mount to tie its; So up to the honutops the coursers the; flew. With the sleigh foil of toys, and St. Kicholas, too. St. Nick bounds down the chimney — A bundle of toys be bad flung en his bacK, And he looted like a pedlar just opening his pack. A wiik of his eye. and a twist of bis bead, Poon gave me to know I bad nothing to dread. He f poke not a word, but went straight to bis work Asd filled all the stockings— then tam'd with a jerk. And laying his finger aside of his nose, And (tiring & nod up the chimney be rose ; Be sprung to bis slrtgb, to bia team gave a whistle. And away they all flaw like the down of a thistle. But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove oat of sight, ' Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night r The holiday can hardly be dissociated from the gifts, yet the great doctrine of the holiday is held to be that it is every body's duty to contribute as much as possible to the general happiness and good. Such a doctrine admits of a wide marked that the youth who has nothing at all pleasant to say of his schoolfellows, or his school work, or the books he has been reading, is one who expects to be well cared for without offering any equivalent or giving any account of him self. The heads of households may perhaps be a little pitied. They may possibly be driven to ask whether they were as ambitious, not to say peremptory, in their demands when they were young. There is, moreover, another aspect of the question. The Christian householder re ceives not a few applications in behalf of those who wish for a merry Christmas but have not the means. Many forms of ! destitution now press for a share in the great feast. Their claim, if not always reasonable or even modest, may well receive attention. In Australia, happily, pauperism is neither so obtrusive nor so common as in older countries ; still it is, comparatively speaking, assertive enough. The cheer that gladdens the youngsters j and makes merry the hearts of welcome guests cannot churlishly be denied to the needy and forlorn by the benevolent man whose heart-stringa and purse-strings are seriously pulled at this season. Why can he not, it may well be asked, ait down at the most joyous of occasions and mid the gayest throng without being reminded that a skeleton is here ? It may be well that he should be so reminded, that he should see the gaunt form which impresses the reality of suffering upon him, should at this most charitable time have a glimpse of the privations as yet undreamt-of by hl3 favored offspring — should realise, however punfaily, that for some there' Is do holiday, for whom the summer is over and gone, for whom neither is there any work or power to work, sought but sullen despair which is perchance faintly relieved by the glim mering of higher things and the transient enjoyment of abundance on this bright Christmas morn. Thus may donor and recipient be able to unite in singing — Ha0, Fitter Chtistmas ! ball to thee '. BoDoi'd ever sbalt tbou be ! AU tfee sweets that Love bestows, Mcr.lcfe pk&snres; wait oo tlijse Who, lite ratals, briva -nd true. Give to Christmas homage due ! There is, then, a desire to do special homage to a season fraught with all the various associations that belong to Christ mas. The day has its solemnity as well as its gaiety. Tidings of great joy elevate the soul, and as they Tiring the exhilara tion of eternal hope reverent hearts may unbend in innocent mirth. Yet it is not all a joyous season, even ia homes where it is still honored in the kindly old fashion. The memory of the dead is one of its associations in most homes ; Christ mas conies as a reminder of loved com panionships that have faded out of life. CilnTi wtftvvlswioa OO 4-TlABA anft*A linnrnTTn* by ihe ead sweetness and tenderness which they give to the Christmas-time, to prevent the celebration from sinking into a mere formality and a name. Loved ones, again, severed far and wide, may be drawn in spirit together on birthday anniversaries ; but on the great Christ mas natal, day, when the tale of Beth lehem is once more told, there is supreme remembrance of the sacred home ties. Christmas in Its higher, holier, beneficent aspect, has in no -wise .fallen off. It is still the season of devout reflection as of jubilant communions, fit as ever to justify us in wishing to all A Merry Christjtas ! 