NTRIGUE." i adier General Henry Ronn al : Mclver. .~CATRVI. ~i '# hlees··mo, mere old clay, tale gs?rel but so fair, srt t L of men way ,.pbeui maware."e , Bsetfoegreats tenor, had made his ldmirin audienoe, and waes ee theate, when one of the toed and said heasitatingly, ourbok, "IA lady wishes to .who states her business is t hewould not be denied, and nheere .--pointing to the door ple dresing.rom. He might e~sple hal been overcome glhandsome doucer, a :tobine tinduce him to ' o the bhotblooded Italian's faR ' . great;when .Bomano lady~ ce 'epeeted," and s iJn.t ,he .?mallU aplrtment, Oi ilybehind him. There, I e comrner Ras a mufled onessg omano enter, sprang B~~af~tt nd ~e c the ecnhebroome ediabs eed the lovely form d y iladn the white sheeny Wio w iasmonde . p *e door, a darkdaigeroue ad e face, but his bold rtahelse s drinking in eagerly of' her .sOft loveliness, her re'hr costly gems. Wath a " a .'oy I'weloome Gidia glided ad,:ii h?oand ..oli s gh he put up his nrilya1 f ro keep her off, 'e ber,-and trinding her hare (asot ilob neck tried to reach her molst red ones. The man os nore.tan mortal to have oedilovsomeano we but clay, y .r type, in spite of his U nulhe |ikte EGreek god's. "h bloeonorlaed o u rioucly •l eath thecaresses of this i nd a she melted intb his sigh, he abandoned him Io the moment, and pressed S op herlips, her eyes, her as p S rst so reover, and e from his arms, aw chair, and seating her. u , alloed her golden head to f D Romsno'e breest. s 'behe 'wiepered, stroking his ?storedeer, "if ou oily knew ?'Zttfe ~dia :has longedfor this. biiw.ltt?or? ~he ha repented 4br~i5deo4 hwrhe, has eifuered, O ervhe heart to utter one d. l $aiteouoldI do, Bilvio,"she n't atingly; the lie ewas so hard, it 'JlS ime and.I was too young ow muoh I loved you, though to my coSt't"--her lips again 'le a.na l oyoolish moment I ran ich English "ielations, of whom uimvereve dreamt, yon 'poor darling,- Mine Daing, adopted me." B'd he •.Italian,. toying with Son her bosom, "you have ryourel, little one"-and seiaiifloant glance at her dis Id. le have .been fairly enocessful .inst confeess my years of toil and fnit he failed to bring me as mush ?a.-ou now display on your lair o o "OhlGidial". Be went o drawing .egl hib, bl rare thrilling voloe foil stendes . "W Why did you forsake me etsloeswas at last toall to my lot? I inut 'nus come, and you, with your 4sni voies .and lovely features, you and I ',YbBe h at could we not have secom. ?:.leed1 .You have been very cruel, very . :r*uoi su but I believe Oidia mid you have 'Bt il aew grains of affection for me, and I '? ou seo devotedly; I cannot help for 'j~i; ug you as i lookr into your pretty face. Sme, he said gaily, "who has my It .lepoaerty-etriken G dia been transformed into t Ofcourse, I must be introduced to Sfai ry godmother or aunt, or whatever the ebeefiesnts c treature.who has adopted you ' y' be, tor, my darling, you shall not • readily sve e ethe slip again, nqw you are '.oes more reatore&to; my arms." Hdidshivered and turned verypale. . 'Oh, 'ilvin I" bshe gasped, thinking fear igolly, bhe wollkill me when he knows all; ad?i:i pollble you do not guess what I have ,'dne--whbo I am! My darling, hold m, ,a, lrosr: SIn yur arms,.or I dare not tell you. 'he o-man who was with me this evening, "' whoeazzied me trom our box, was Sir Ralph :; Dlsney, saod I--Oh, Bilvio, Silvio I-I rmrrered j?hml '. With a ftrightfnl oath the Italian uog her to.;athe ground, his eyes, gleaming '.ith rage, seeking a weapon wherewith to s :tke her; but Glidia, flinging herself at his 11 ae+t,.a? esatically throwing her arms round e+'.' nees mre- ".' -. Your owll not killme, Bilvio. I am not fit ..o die'-- berbare bosom panting with lear • nz' et. "'Let me live a little while S;oni? dkp·nlto yjoy my new found hap ses c?+ .j ed her delicate wrists violently. -, ~on ars ryiug tilool me again," he hissed; you0 my ssife, dalte to tell me of your mar 4 ". '?gwih another, man, and hope to live. ':?'! ob, i:vlrces l you toye him, or you would ever-" "No; before Regven," interrupted Gidia, belev me, Silvio, I have never -no other man hbs had feeling m my heart; and this cold-blooded Englishman the world calls my husband, who was once my aunt's lover, his very kisses freeze on my lips. I hale him, and wosid strangle him as he lies beside me, if I dare." Thoen seeing her words were beginning to tell on Romano she threw herself into his arms, and between her passiohate kisses whispered implor ingly " You could not hurt your little wife, your Gidia, for whatever I am to the world I am indeed yours--yours body and soul, and your interests, your aims, shall be mine, my hue band, my love." Then she ventured to look up into the dark stormy face of her lover, and its expression was wonderfully reassuring. When the quick subtle brain of the Italian, after his first burst of jealous rage was over; had grasped the situation, it appeared to him not so very displeasing. The handsome tenor, the idol of the moment, had no wish to be hampered with a wife, even such a pretty one as Gidia, and yet here was a most convenient arrangement ready for him to drop into. Here was a wife whom, if he chose, he could claim openly at any moment, or keep geeretly, entirely at his commands, and in his power. That Gidia was Sir Ralph Dieney's sup posed wife gave him a hold over the wealthy baronet's purse-strings, no small consider ation to Romano, who in spite of his princely salary, was one of the most impecunious of men. All this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, she found all re seontment had faded from the face of her hues band. giving place to a tender resignation. "No, my own," he said sadly, caressing her softly the while. "Much as you have injured me, you know, I could never in cold blood harm a hair of your sweet head; but remember "-and his eyes burnt into here "you are mine, body and soul, as you said just how, and we must contrive to meet often privately, or I will not he responsible for my aotione." "Yes, of course, dearest," she uttered lightly, not daring to contradict the man is whose power she lay so completely. "Only it will be frightfully difficult to manage, you know." "But if you really love me as you say, and not that stiff.necked Englishman whose throat I long to sut, it will be easy enough. BRe sidee, Gidira, sinoe you always took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, you are afemale Machiavelli," laughed Bilvin. " Ah, flatterer I "-Gidia thought Machiavelli was probably some character in an unknown opera--"But my darling, I would move heaven and earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not doubt my love for you ;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Olaudia's words respecting her musical reunimon the following Thursday, she laughd softly, "So, Silvio, you are thenew tenor whom my counsio heas se cured to eiqg with me, and whose voice I hoped would blend well with nine." "And you, then," said Silvib, also laugh ing, "are the lady amateur I have been aurs ing, having determined she was some vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note. We shall charm and astonisah your friends, I fancy, my darling." "What a meroy we did not meet unexpec. tedly for the first time in' my own drawing room," said Gidia, thankfully; "and, dear love, I must now hasten away, or my absence may be discovered, and Sen where would 'Lady Disney's' reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you must not come a single step with me, the risk would be too great "-Silvio had made a movement as if to- accompany Ijer-" You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so a rjvoir till Thhreday, by which time I shall haive devised the ways and means for our future rndesvotus." One more long embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to her stately home, the home of the man who trusted her implicitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble ree. Silvio Bomano then left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily-fernished chambers thinking how he could turn to best advantage the strange chenoes Fate had put into his band; When a mere youth he had married the half English, half Italian girl, partly, in a boyish fi of passion, partly be cause their voices harmonised, and he had a vague idea it might be wohth hisnwhile to secure her. Romano knew and oaVed little about his child-wife's relations. .er mother was Leonora Valetta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as he believed, the cast-off mis trees of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the story of JLeonora's marriage waregarded as a mere myth. Thus he never dreamt what a source of wealth she would eventually become to him; in fact, he had, amid the exeitementof his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. "How beautiful she has become," he thought, " nless it is the way she is got up, which makes the astonishing difference, I should hardly have recognised her, if the little fool had not looked so frightened, though she had good reason for fear, little serpent I " and he clenched his white teeth savagely. "If Ihad only known, but she shall pay for it yet, Silvio Romano is not a man to be trifled with. So those are the famous Disney diamonds I have heard so many fine ladies rave about. Why, they alone must be worth a king's ransom," and hie. eyes shone curiously. When his handsome face dropped the mask of the conventional smile it neusally wore, what an evil-lookine man he was. Romauo was tall, with a light symmetrioal igure, clear cut regular features, dark creamy skin, and face which bore evidence of his nationality. His head was covered with a profusion of black curls, a moustache of the same color hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, and his bright black eyes, large and bold, were capable of expressing as much tender ness as his soft, thrilling voice. But, in spite of these natural advantages, the man's character was discernible on his countenance, for his expression betrayed that he was both selfish and crafty, and his heart not only cold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionate-not an uncommon combina tion in the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fieldc as the winds, he would still never hesitate to draw a knife across the de fenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the back of a man who stood between him and his objects. And he held Ralph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power he would not scruple to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind was busy with plans for the future, but his thoughts seemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn; nothing else seemed real or tangible. His newly recovered wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long clinging kisses were very pleasant to recall but those diamopds When he closed his eyes be could almpste eethem again sparkling and glittering on the fair white throat (tor a moment he paused to think how soft and tender that was), and in careless profusion over the rich silken robes. Long after day light had stolen in through the windows, Bomino sat reasoning feebly-i "The jewels belong to Gidia, and she is undoubtedly mine, why should not I make use pf both her and them? " The thought seemed at first a sildone, but it rapidly gained ground, and are long the Italian had fully determined on obtaining speedy possession of the muph-coveted dia monds, no matter at whatrisk ;'and hevowed fiercely it should fare 'ill with the man or woman who might dare to stand in hi path. \-- .: ,. I... ... CHAPTER VII. Before the season-au unusually gay one had closed, Lady Disney astonished her hus band by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney Manor, and Ralph, though only too thanklul to escape from a life in every way irksome to him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia she would probably find the country very dull after having accoustomed herself to so much excitement. "You see, my dear, no one will leave town just now, and I doubt if you would get any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to aesoompany us-at any rate, not till after the next drawing-room and the Princeos' Garden Party," be said warn ingly, being too honest to take a mean sadvan tage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. "Oh, I do not Mars the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; "I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish we had never come to London at all, but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," and she began to cry. Ralph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly in his arms "My darling "-soothingly-" we will start at once, if you really wish it. I shall be over joyed at having my little wife aU to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure a'ir of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring back the roses which have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, "and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cnninmghome to join us there. It will be quite like old times," he added, plea santly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband never heard, aqs their conversation was at that mo ment interrupted by the entrance of callers, but the invitation was despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. The following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonetrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town; and the name paper which recorded their departure for Di~ney Manor announced, with deep regret, lhai. S?gnor Romano was compelled, by media advice, to retire for a time from pub. lie life. Hewas abouttoproceed-no Itstated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repose he so much needed. Lilias Deringle first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, bshe blamed her. sellf severely for havidg for a moment even entertained the thought of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Ralph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush ing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast oft all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light-hearted areature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priory. "How happy they are Il" Mrs. Cunning-' hame would exclaim as she watched Ralph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about the lonely old grounds. And Lilins, though she had a vague sense of something wanting in the umnion, was glad to believe it so, and, with out one regretful sigh for the happiness which might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunning hame was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cot' tagers dwelling on their respective 'estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, reatless and expectant. The draw ing-room opened on a long terrace, from which some ancient atone steps led to a lawn sldping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark fir trees came a r.euliar note, which to most eare would have borne no significance, it was so like the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Doring. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders con temptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided anross the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Romano. '"My own love," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. "You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mmitake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnotioed. 'How frightfully isoinmy it is here," and Gidia shrank elosera'to her husband's side as she glanced fearfully around. "But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. With arms twined about each pther, and heads bent lovingly together, thdy strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Conninghame's slumbers had been unusualtly peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disney's unsnallyblooming face, that Mrs. Cueninghame attered an exclammation of surprise and dis may, which immediately attracted the atten tion of both Ralph and Lilias. "My love," said Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, "how imprudent of you to remain out so litel I shouldhave fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremen dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. "Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Cunninghame, "the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, her feet are quite wet," pointing to the tiny satin slippers resting on a stool. " So they are I and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Ralph excitedly chafed the little hands which hung listlessly at her side, and looked appealing towards Miss Dering. Llias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaches for having mono polised Sir Ralph so long, rose and went to wards her niece. "Come, dear, you had better divest your self of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Ralph, "or let me take you to your room, Gidia," and she tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards bher. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt'e neck, and for once she tears which streamed down her cheeks were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it wete with a sigh of relief she found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. SMarie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny frills hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace trimmings torn and discolored. "They will need my asistanoe once more," sahe thought, trimpbantly, as she brushed out the tangled golden uIols, and pare stealthniyat tse wblte drl fan rpfieted in tp •ieq " ,iladi indeed appears vraim?nt Mcaladi," ehe said at last, softly. "Maladi is not wise to venture so late in the air of this perfidious ctimate. Mon Dieu! but it is simply atroi ous to one accustomed to the delicioss even ings of the Sunny South, the bright Italis," and Maria cast up her eyes sentimentally. The Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had in deed need of her maid's assistence, so she answered "Yes, my good Marie, I am ill, wretchely so, and unless I feel ever so much better in the morning, I shall not leave my own apart mentes-at least not before the evening. Anid, oh I whilet I think of it," she went on care lessly. "Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds; I have arranged an entirely new sletting for them if Sir Ralph will only let me carry out my ideas. Marie topk her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from whish she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently qnite as much as she could manage to ?arry. "lMon Dieu; but it is heavy,d" she ex olaimed, with a croan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. "You .need not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with thenbuch of keys. S"I am not inclined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again." The door had scarcely lo0sed behind the soft.footed abigail~ when Gidia, laying her head in her hands,, broke into a storm of passionate tears. "How dare he ask me to.risk snobh a thing I " sheezclaimed vehemently. "'There will be such a terrible storm'when the rob bery is discovered; Perhaps they may. also lay bare our secret, and then what would be come of me 1 To fall so low after hayiog climbed so high, would be dreadfull, and I could almost hate Blvio for making, .e do this thing. How cruel he san be when he chooses I" she meditated. " And -yet I upl pose I really do love.him a little. Certainly more than anyone else in the world." Then, her sobs gradually gubsiding, she oplooked the safe, and, taking the diamondsaoom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the s etfase of a moonlit lake,. "I have no affection for the horildly b6Id fashioned things tlhemselve?,.' she teflested. " Ralph will never be persuaded to let me do what I like with them. Then, a S iduels si, everyone will be so full 'of. oumimlseratioh when they hear of my loss, that I:shall be sure to have endless presents: to console -gse, nise modern jewellery, nJ?·this, heavy dingy stuff "--And she looked: oontenaptuossly at the curious setting BRalph valobd more highly than the diamonds themselves, "This rivitre is rather nine thopgs; Ire member the Prince said bhow ellat beaoei me, at the Mansion House Bal,"'and she held it up to the light, letting it.gisle over her pink fingers. "Yesl , I must ryad ktgp it somehow," decidedly. "Aifteir 'sllMrie will only assist me,;I shall :'ot:bayse 't h any very great risk" (thelittle 'einner wasn philosopher in her way, and readi aubPmitted to the mnevitable). 'It is poor B ¶i1.0 will suffer, if anyone, but then hinefl too clvber to be eaught,"---and .having ~oo fortably shifted the dger on $ theshoulders of another, her terrhr be~n si?bly to diminish, giving place to 'another fseing of asnoyance as she thought- "I shall.have to give Marie at least half the money Balph gave hme yesterday---how ezeedingly tiresome I " and she tooenad the bell pettishly. In a fewsesonids the Frensh woman entered, bearing on a maill silveri salver a cup of steamieg-chooolate. . " How nice, and thoughltfulo:yo, Marise,"' and Gidia smiled pleasantlyather aiad eas abhe daintily sipped (hd frgrant 'berge. "I really do not know what.I ?houlddb witl out ,ou. And oh4, I was just thinking; T am' not exactly pleased with the psdomeMadeume Lsenore sent me yesterday, sbe yo.mac lite it if you like." Then, internptig ? arie'n profuse thankb-" I think I hal 'betsrwear my diamonds on ThnrsdayatLady Doroer's. Sir Relph wishes'it, but 'they must ' care fally cleaned, so you had betterpeefo them after you have dressed me to-morrow even ing." Here' Lady Disney'e. tones; eoame studiously slow and measured, caieang Marie to listen very attentively. ".I ?shalU leave m room exactly at five minutes to eihti ye will then immediately take.? ?aond from their cases, lay them on'the tIbs in the red boudoir (where of eourse,l:hS'ght being a warm one, the windows willatand open), and have your brushes and things p~ieated to commence cleaning them. I.have a presenti mont that whenl once down etira-ay at eight o'clook precisely-the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will' rove too mush for my strength, sobe prepttoome to me immediately if you areoae.i Do yon uoderstand me?" and she fi?z?.her eyes significantly on her maid's ex?rpesive fea? tures. "But, Miladi-" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit ofther.mis trese's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) 'shrugged her shonl ders deprecatingly-" would it notbe an im prudence to leave easoh valuable jewels even for a inoment ? If by some l.terrible misad venture they were lest, stoleei, its i , pauvre Marie who would be compelled tlace ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a ladyso beau. tiful, so amiable, I would even risk that." "Best assured, Sir Ralph ,will never blame. you for neglecting the diamonds in'your anxiety, to fly to my assletapnoe,"'repl Gidia, who saw she was understood. "I ee I can depend on your fidelity,Marile," and she opened a small cabinet, fromwhlch she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying gracionely-" To Show yonhow. highly I value your services.", Marie said not a word, but afdii her eyes avaricohsly on the other halft, whihob Gidia was about to return to the cabinet;. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. Sir Ralph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening and found her' seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chaumbre covering her dinner dress, and Mparie's deft fingers busily employed putting the fldishing toucnehes to the wonderful erection of tiny golden curlse. S"Are you quite sure, darling, you,' feel well enough to jpin us at dinner," wereher hus band's first words. "I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would not have you overtax your strength for the world."' Gidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. " Oh, yes, dear; I am really ever so mish better, and cannot consent to losee another of our dear, quiet evenings, ihich i absolutely revel in. I love to listen to you 'and'wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too sillyto under. stand all your clever plans"-thenglenain. towards the little Dresden clock wiio hash just chimed thlo third quarter-"COn ysu wait just another minute, deare Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to'ae me downstairs." "01 course, dearest, I[shall waiat-an hos' if you like." Then his ee fellupon e sae standing near, with the keys danglig m the look. "You are sarely ot onn.bt ay r diamonds to niaght ' no coongr (Totecaae. -;· i "2 AJ 