. ^ I By Express. ' She looks like a flyer.*' Thus a sporting man as he notes the lines of cars and engines standing; out ready for a start at the special platform at Redfern. ' She looks Jike' a flyer. »\ She does look different :to the bulky but cruel sheep trucks,, th^ pld fashioned second-classers so comfortable with a southerly gale driving crosswise on, the ..ballast waggons, coal vans, and all the assortment of lumber and plant about the station yard. Her length-, propor tionate to her height, her engine flashing back light as a mirror of glass from every unpainted space, every \- valve palpitating with1 strong nervous throbs, and the fires banked in that mellow condition. which a single . prick will move to a fierce arid roaring': blaze. There is no huge crowd immediately _ about , her ; crowds upon .express 'platforms are/ abolished by regu lation, but every man who is there has looked to His- place, and every woman has stowed her boxes, and the 'conductor has arranged the plan of berths, and the etationmaster stands by -waiting for the signal, and the driver, comfortably greased and black ened, has bis hand upon the CTarik. There goes the bell ; open fly the furnace doors ; the stoker is ajt it with his pucker. The driver makes his moiion j the platform- ' seems to glide backward, and, 'The Flyer' starts. Not -with a bound. Not with a spring. The race -8 long, * and not to be won by spasms of energy... Slowly as a coal train we draw out of the station, and have only got up a decent rate by the time we emerge from ike tunnel. ' A little and a little faster, as the suburban platforms- fleet' past— consciousness of speed bred rather from the rapiditywith which pictures' change, than from any sense pf motion— so Bteadily run the , carnages upon the flexible and abundant spring'si ,.A halt atGranvflle. Granville is a sort of gate, by which one leaves the^town now, for it is nearly all town ,up to Granville. Yomnbtice, if you have time to look, a freer motion about the driver as he leaves that station He shakes himself as one- who gets out of cobwebs, and lobks ahead with' easy confidence- Straight run ning now, and they give it her in earnest. There is no bumpinfe;, jbut a sort of giant oscillation— a | ttue posts in a fence, and 'trees go lute flashes, and faces looking out from cottage doors imprint themselves, on your mind, so swiftly, and 60 accurately that inktan taneous photography is no more a mystery to you. '''Ib not that Liverpool?'?- ** As if you did not know,' growls a neighbour, and seems actually aggrieved by the question. He holds bis nose, too ; lots of people hold their 'noses ; in another second you are holding your dwmlose ; butit is of no use, you can feel jft in every pore of your body— the nauseous, the trendiant, the penetrating, the abominable, the : :' acckrsed stench : of that long xrtky pool, the polluted river. What matter; though you pass it at the fate of 40 miles an hour. It shoots you flying -h bite you. like typhoid, cholera, plague. If you escape,^ it is because you are absolutely impregnable. You feel that- you are assaulted by a thousand vigorous demons of disease./'' rfnd how do the poor people of . Liverpool live .through it all? Just very badly to judge by thlSf oftrepeated growls. WilHhey never get bKEypnd growling f It seems a terrible offence that 1^he riyer should be polluted in ,euch a manner. : Bome on the wings of the tale and the wheels of the train we had shot far past ? Liverpool by the time of iU close. The bosk v« «U about us, tae old gums, the fences, and huts, and titer grand rolling downs that shouJdlre covered with whtaCeheavesr and are only dotted whh sheep. There sesTaed to.be a general inclination to- 6et to partnerlSj not m the-con- . rentional, but in a very literal sense. . Phktp coddled do-n-n towards Phyllisr .who looked aroundr&Eoror; her snug cqrner and invited conversation. Tonreottpned on to Jack, who unscrewed the head of a- whisky flask, and cleared his throat for cutlers; and Itarry and Sam, and Peter and- Mck spread out -that rug upon their knees, and: began the sinful game of Nap ; whereat there was a- little headahaking» and murmur ef 'Sad, sad,' from another seat But it isn't sad and it isn't sinful, unless- you lose and awear about the losing, and it is neither heart breaking nor pursebreaking — a* little game at threepenny Nap. I have seen it played a hundred times in railway carriages, and only when played by fools, cads, or bookmakers have t seen it become legitimate cause of offence. I had rather see,a$good deal of Nap. than endure the amatear theatcicaU customary on ocean travelling, which wards, amateur theatrical?, bring up another little story Iredh: and ' bright. A great lady evangelist was recently journey ing by an ocean steamer, and it was proposed, todbreak the monotony by a little attempt at Sbylock., Of course the sanction of so eminent a person was sought, but all in vain. 'It is Shakspeare, you know/'-f per- sisted the deputation. ' Ah, yes,' was. th* pa&etie; reply, ''poor, poor- Shakspeare !' s ????;?? What is this ? Mittagong ? Hurrah4 Halfrpaat 7 and dinnertime! Dinnertime! Yes, and a- dining* hall with tables laid and abundance of bread visible, and' claret-glasses, and napkins, and all1 customary appurtenances! What is if?. :Are they going = t» tantalise us by a phantom feast? Not a bittof it. Sit down full 20 minutes,, and there is.* damosel with the bloom of the mountains upon- her cheek .to bring you soup, and a decent waiter to uncork the battle,' and a civil fellow opposite, to pass the potatoes, and a decent chop, steak, or cut of ? beef to be:obtaine4 and devoured at ease, with full' time for a taste of cheese and salad, before the courteous lessee comes around* and troubles you as you sit for a modest half-crown. ?' It is about the best rceal I ever had on a railway '' (says a well- travelled man) ; and to save timeit may just as well be put down here that you will get just such, another at Albury in the morning in as fine a dining - hall as even a .city restaurateur could desire.- You will notice that in these refreshment-rooms the plates and the spoons, and the cups and the. saucers, and all the furnishings of the table bear the- mark of the Government of New South Wales. Our Government evidently furnish, them. May the Heaven of satis factory reckonings reward them for their thoughtful ness .and enterprise in bo doing ! It brings a marvellous . increase of comfort to travellers. Night is fully come by the time. We leave Mitt$jj;ong,. and it is necessary to Nap- or nap, for conversation becomes very' dreary. Hasten up, therefore, good conductor, and make the transformation scene, v It i» very simple and very prompt, that transformation business; over go the seats, down Jail the uhutters, sheets asd pillows tumble out from, unsuspectedcup boards, end in about half-an-hour the saloon- is one long stateroom. (I ana always puzzled to think what sort of a ninny it was who first christened' the little sleepinjt- box of a ship a stateroom.) Andithen to bed. Friend, a word with you here. If eV* you contemplate travelling by that express, and desire to sleep or to live through the night, take a -lo wer feunk. The upper place, in a'hot time, is ? well,XU tell you what it is. * We were travelling . somewhere beyond -Goulbum that night, and for a long time there had been evidences of discomfort from an upper berth ; groans, grunts, growls, and weird gyrations in the . bedgear. Suddenly I, sleeping , near by,' was awakened from a dream of drowning in thai black Liverpool river by a shout of ''-* Hi I np ! '^teward — conductor— guard ! Let me out- of this ;- 'it?« worse than the Black Hote of Calcutta!'' And -headlong,, or taillong, or I know not what fashion, down came a creature in pajamas- and staggered towards the.door. I am not prepared, to. say that it was worse than the Black Hole of Calcutta, but surely it was bad., . Did L dream that I was in the Liverpool river ? Was not. the ghost of the Liverpool river now around. and. about me ? And where a. window ? No use to grope ;. there is no window at all in the upper bunks ; no chance lo hail a single angel of fresh air. The foul odours have you at theirwill. Therefore take* lower* bunk.NevermindwhoniyouiEbrsakeordisappoint.Take a lower bunk, and no matter how-hot it mayjbe you. can open the window and get a gale of windi.inf your face. There may be smut in the wind; your face may be black and your hair, gritty, when morning finds you. Never mind, there are baths in Melbourne.j- :.But why not ventilate those sleeping cars? Why hot arrange at leait a venthole^or the upper tiers . ' Why ;hot tit some mechanical 'contrivance in the roof'to^keep.a current moving ? Why not have thenv the' same height and style' as the sleeping cars, of America.? There are answers to each and all of these qlieriea, i but the ugliest is the last. . We .-cannot .use j American cars on our lines, because there:is a certain, arch at Newtown beneath which an American car will not pass. We have imported two or three Americans, and we liave had to cut fhem. down to suit the dimensions of that arch. -cThen ^yr-^why— ti-hy V (anger 'and scorn' usually produce at teniporary choking of utterance here)—' why,' asks each- upper berth traveller, f do they not cut down that arch and build a- greater ?' Looking toward&the; DfpaUment, we pause for a reply.. . . , ...i Except for brief waking moments- and oecaeional Stygian or Liverpool' dreams,, it is 'chifefly blank till daylight dawns a. little south. 6f Wagga. *^ou are conscious of rumbling and roaring, through the moun tains, of occasional shrill blasts of ^the whistle, of little jarring ,3hakes. as tjie brake grips har'liuryon. aja' incline, of i.shrijl wheeze 'as ^ t^lpressu^ol'^ibBj^is'rfeleased and .the engine: coughs and buckles, .to jal t% other side of theinclinef;;Sut'ii,yo\V;arev!do^.b^V-w it is ell |n a pleasant*ort4)f ? haze, misty,, dreamy, happy enough, unless some- mat^* of ^accoa^apdation be at -your journey's end. In that ?ea^fr.v&e; very sheet beneath your nose is apt to.; shape iisalf into an I 0 U, and if you sleep you aw «are- rtOKtdream of the fellow up atop as the upper, and fast descendiag jawof the banker's screw. -? ? ? ? ??:- Dressing is an awkward business. Ajn Irish friend . obserres, 'The.atm' is good, and the shlaping is not so bad but tnere ,i^ ^or^e ; ;Mi^lthe',^es's^is the deviL' ItisreaUy an mconvementbviainesss^ very- thing gets mixed and everybodydesixea to g/e^t up at the one time^ and there is onlyropmfdrpnfatthe basin, and yet some fellows will ^ticjeid'the basin as if they were'at Iheir own house- at home^ij»ad only their wives and children waiting fftr'tbfim-. - Ifts done ;though, all through; ^nd all thebgadin|^aekedaway by Gerogery, and everybody comfortably -seated to enjoy the smartest bit of travelling on theiine, which is done upon: '.that level' run into^AllfBury.' ^^ ! At the xate of CO miles along t^t piece-rtiothing less. Old travellers can always^', iiell the sixty-miles pace by the swaying, wing-Uke^nption of the whole concern. She staggers undet i^ .yachts men say. It is more like a stagger than anything else; yet not a stagger that.suggeata frailty —just about such a niotion'as a squadron mskes'when boot closes to boot, and stirrup to stirrup*, in -the last moments of the charge. You vo&J; dream glbjiously through it, if nature has given it to you to £lream, and you core to shut your eye§, But tl-?r^is' Albury. Dear old city ! liiaveloved Albury since the first day X saw it riding up the Murray from Howlong. It was in ft November time ; -the river was a banker, and there was a lovely .carpet of green over all the river flat, find the acacias about the village homes were in glorious bloom, and there -was no railway, or talk of a railway, for it was before Sir Hercules Robinson had blessed the place. It is not so bright in January ; save the vines, -there k not much luxuriance of ? foliage, and there is dust enough to make .you dream of Melbourne. The' breakfast-room has been spoken of. The breakfast is.good of its sort, and, breakfast over, the ?Victorian train on -the Victorian line is in waiting. It is a good-train too. The carriages, small compart -xnent8, are better than anything of the sort in New South 'Wales ; broad and well padded and roomy* with no necessity for knee-locking. Hudson Brothers alight take a pattern from sdme of those carriages. Of all things else on. the. line I can say nothing good ' whatever, -cave of the stationmaster at Wodonga, who ' is in some flegree subjected to New South Wales influ ences «nd_ iB as decent and obliging a fellow as you ' ' ictould find ina-voyage.round the world. There is hardly, a «ivil man upon the line. The stations are abominable, . ? ' the provender execrable, chops like fragments of iron ifcarh, steak— Btewed steak they call it— suggestive of the. stuff cooks dip from the bottoms of stock pots, *'My uncle the member' written in every official's face,' and 'Spoil the Sydney man' in every bar. ?* keeper's. If you buy sixpenny worth of apricots from a boy there shall be three rotten at the bottom of the bag, and if you venture on whisky make your ? \- ' ' ?miii. It is had ; all bad ; and it would be eo easy to make it good, because it is but a short line: and by no \- means severely worked. - : : - ?' Do-not,- however, imagine that I am troubled with the Sydney spleen that loves so well to spit, spit, always tpittℓ things Victorian. By-and-by I will speak of ether things ; and here is a marvel I will say, and \ will prove, — that there are better gardens in Melbourne than can be shown even on that strip of Paradise .alongside the loveliest cove of our dear harbour. .', . ^ ? F. M. ? 