OUR PARIS LETTER. FROM OCR own C0BRX3F03DRVT.1 PARIS, 5th April. M. H. Denis, ex-sub-dircctor of tho ad ministration punilerli ire at New Caledonia, draws the serious attention of the Govern ment to ono of the causes which renders the reformation of tho convicts impossible, and by destroying bis hopes plunges him defi nitely into recklessness. The authorities at New Caledonia reward t.hrt merlterleiiH convicts by the system of concessions. So far good. The convicts can embark in agriculture or start in trade, only thoy hare no capital. Thus heavy rains, a swarm of locusts, a bad year in a word, and crops aro mined and shops closed. Trade is considered to ho free in New Caledonia ; the rate of legal interest is 12 per cent., hut free-trade allows samo to ho lovied by usurers up bo 20 and 25 per cent. The borrowers hecomo thus bonnd hand and foot to tho Gobsecks, to the Shyiocks and to rob a convict is surely the hoight of ignomy. The practice, too, takes placo in the most open manner possible. If the poor make no new friends the convicts make still fewer. Tho Government gives them land, but not assisting with capital the gift is next to nullified. It soemB there are well known usurers who take, at ridiculously low prices, the produce or the goods made, as security. Shylock docs not press for an immediate settlement of his bills ; ho renews till the convict obtains lu3 con cession for good, beooraes, in a word, a pro prietor. Then tho bills are transformed into a mortgage, tho debt accumulates, bailiffs duly arrive, and the amended convict is thrown hack into the depths, this time to fall, like Lncifer, never to rise again. And the last state of that man is worse than the first. Many of the Harpagons, ex-notaries who have purged their sentences, aro very rich, and own extensive landod nnd house prrp.rty. M. Denis concludes that the Government ought to support tho establishment of a hank to come to tho aid of the well disposed convict. The failure of the Bank of New Caledonia lias covered t!,j settlement with rnins, but tliero exists not tho less an opening for a bank with a capital of 2,000,000 of franc:. If honestly conducted, aud confined to the legitimate dis counting business, it might reasonably calculate on 300,000 francs profits yearly. The organisation of tho Army Bill, since 1871 on the tapis, is now before the Chamber of Deputios, and mnst receive a definite solu tion. Hitherto tho reforms have been con fined to tho committee rooms, or the portfolios of the IVar Ministers, each of whom had his own plan. As the law now stands, the period of service under tho flog is fixed at five years, after which the soldiers pass into the reserves. Practically the service is not more than four years. For the volun teers, who produce certificates of education up to a certain standard, and who can de posit a fixed sum of money, one year's active service, known as the volunteer, is permitted. This system is charged with many abuses, and first of all it destroys that principle so dear to democracy— equality. Tho influence and the advantages aro still on tho side of the purse. All the European powers have accepted three years as a sufficient period ' - iorm a sol dier, not so much as toinstructiug him how to haudle a weapon, but to manoeuvre, to become disciplined, and accustomed to " roivh it." Of the total nnmber of conscripts yearly avail able in France, about one-half— say, in round numbers, 150,000 — aro the matfriel to he ope rated upon. The army doc; rot want sucli an addition, and its . maintenance) would bo excessive for the budget, hence tho advantage of the volunteer principle, which compels those who desire exemption to pay a fine, which serves as a rato in aid to the estimates. There are two parties on this ques tion, One desires tho total abolition of tho volun teers and the integral three years' service of all under the flag ; tho other, the continuance of the volunteers, hut purged of its abuses. It will bo difficult for yonng men to graduate for their professional careers if forced to be soldiers three years in succession. Military operations in Tonqniu liave to ho suspended for some months till tho season of the inundations ho passed. France may be considered to have made up her mind a3 to occupying the whole country, and by organis ing a native militia, officered by members of the proposed colonial army, whose head quqrtors will fca in Algeria, they will ad minister Tonquin as the English do India. China will be called upon to pay a handsome indemnity for aiding and abetting the rebels; to seenro the payment, it was contemplated to seizo aud occupy a treaty port, and so preside at tho seat of enstoms. But since the Chinese have displayed no higher fighting qualities than the Egyptians, tho taking possession of some southern frontier territory of China is being mooted. This will enable France to commence the carrying out of her real idea — the formation of a vast Indo-Chinese em pire. For not a few this prospect of foreign possessions is considered a grave weakening of the mother country at home. It means a drain on the resources of tho country for several years, and the national finances are not of sufficient elasticity to support such a burden. The annual deficit of th budget is 180,000,000 francs, and all the means em ployed to conceal this unpleasant truth are of no avail. France mnst cut down, retrench, not add to, her ox- pauses. A series of good harvests would ease the situation, hut the soven years run of plenty existed only under the Pharaohs. Con siderable time also must elapse before exports can bring grist to tho mill. France has to apparently reform her whole processes of pro- duction to be cn rapport with the industrial spirit of the times. 'The Industrial Crisis Parliamentary Com mittee, known familiarly as the " Forty-four," has done this much good, showing that matters are pot to bad as was bo'.ieved. But it de monstrated still more completely the utter absence of all unity among the artisans for the legitimate ends of Trades' Unions. The com mittee never found themselves in presence of . any but an insignificant minority of each, trade, and that did not represent anything but them selves. Further, the work men examined conld not propound any remedy for the de pressed condition of industry, save remedies voted obsolete by nil enlightened nations. Some of the panaceas proposed to remedy the crisis were -positively infantile, notably that for organising lotteries and tho expulsion cf all foreign work meD. One, after all, might bo prepared for each a denouement ot the boasted intelligence, native at least where not acquired, of the artisan classes. We have seen tho Labor Congress at work, left perfectly free by tho Government. And what, after three annualscssions, have been the results ? Nothing. The Anarchists, like all lunatics, wear their heart3 in their sleeves ; and their wild ravings can at least lie heard, if not comprehended. Their remedy for the in dustrial crisis is sharp and swift — shoot off all the capitalists. That ha3 been the substance of the several days' discussion at the Bonhaix Anarchists' Congress. In home politics the moment has arrived for counting with the progress of the Orlean- ists, who have taken up ground formally, as the opposition of the Republic. Their posi- tion does not at all grow daily worse. As for tho Bonapartists, they have lived. A few more years aud they will be missing, like the lost tribes. The possibility of Mr. Gladstone retiring from office, and the probability of a Salisbury Ministry, with more of German than of French sympathy, or, perhaps better stilt, a more decidedly John Bullish policy, is tolling on the French. Within the last ten days there lias been a sensible decline in the carping and barking at England — perhaps F'rench writers have discovered ail that doc3 not infinence perf.de Albion, Be the explanation what it ma)T, the fact is a better tone exists. There may be another reason still. M. de Losseps is not at all sure r it" being able to secure tho necessary vote of two-thirds of tho share holders to elect tho additional English repre sentatives to the council board of the canal. If the negotiations fail through in this point, it requires no ghost to inform all whom it may concern that the second canal must be made and owned exclusively by Englishmen. The conduct of the French, not only tho Government bnt the population, has been so sympathetic, so praiseworthy in relation to the trodden death of the Duke of Albany, that the relations between the two nations ought to ceaso to be so estranged. Peoples cannot expect to be lovers ; lot them then keep to the tines of good neighbors. Lent has been exceptionally gay this j ar, and yet there lias been no marked influv of strangers. There is no substantial improve ment in business. The retailers suffer most, and if the wholesale houses have less business than formerly, they are making less profits only, not losing money. Indeed, there is the fashion in the p.ir for people to proclaim that they are "pinched," - the better to live frugally, and above oil a motive to keep their purses closed. Shops are full of goods, and fairly filled with purchasers. Tho restaurants rather than tlio hotels are crowded ; people find tiicni cheaper, and it is more economical to hoard yourself outside, than to lceop up a kitchen establishment. Many cooking houses are supported alono by families who order their meals in ready prepared, and have dismissed tlio cordon bleu, and auctioned off the battcric de cusinc. The theatres are brilliantly crowded, and it is contemplated to erect additional playhouses. Not many new plays, and nouo at all by the " great masters," arc produced. Revivals pay- lessees better than originals. Lyrical perform ances aro iu high favor, and if Gounod has had only a succis d'csUme with his opora Sapho, he has scored a triumph for his Redemption, as lie induced the F'rench to admiro what they rarely do, oratorio music. 