MME. SARA of BEIiNlIAllDrS MACBETH. (Saturday Review.) IT is a little late in the tiny to discuss the merits of Mme. Sarah Bernhardt's acting generally. InEnglaudandinAinericasociety and the daily press, which half lands and half follows it, have for some time accepted her at her own valuation, which has not erred upon the side of modesty. To quiet observers, the difference in the tour of French criticism upon her various histrionic j performances, on the stage and off it, sug- frosts amusing thoughts enough, with the delightful current of French irony which acts through it all. Her own people, I indeed, have probably estimated the actress at very much her true value, which was not small. They remember her as in early days a distinguished member of the excellent Francais company, of much talent, and with the promise of more. When Mmra Croizstte and Bernhardt played together in the " Sphinx," and the terrible death scene of the former was the talk of Paris, it was nevertheless generally felt that but that for that scene the acting of Mine. Bernhardt carried the palm. Then she touched a higher point. Her performance in the "Fille de Boland" was very fine so were her earlier performances of Fhidre, which distinctly degenerated afterwards. In other plays, especially where she had to stand comparison with earlier interpreters, in the best critical judgment she Inn not held her own It is a mistake to say that comparison is an unfair test for it is sometimes the best test of all. It is a comparatively easy thing to shine in an original character, especially in one written expressly for the artist (as was the case with Fashion), which, in the ludicrous assumptions of the theatrical diction- ary, he or she is said to " create morning, of course, that the artist is the first to have the advantage of interpreting the author's creation. It is harder by force of talent to efface or to rival the memories of others. When Mme. Bernhardt played Adrienne Lecouvmir she failed to make us forget Mine. Favart's more artistic work, to say nothing of the traditions of Rachel. When she essayed Frou-Frou, she left us nothing but newer and fresher regrets for the incomparable Desclde. Genius is a rare plant everywhere ; rarest of all upon the stage, the art being merely mimetic ; though no- where more than on the stage is the line word thrown about more recklessly. _ Not in our time has it been more applicable than to Describe. Where others may have touches of genius, hers was the thing itself. And Descltie and Frou-Frou are an inseparable memory. The comedy itself is one of the Irucst-itnJ usual subtle of modern times, in its startling elaboration of the character of the woman of highhy-wrought nerves, the true and striking product of the age. And in her various eccentricities Mme. Bernhardt has not distinguished herself more than in informing an " interviewer," as it is reported of her that she did, that she was not at her ease in Frou-Frou, because she felt the part to be so much as dessens d'etre !" Desclce did not regard in that light the best work of M. Meilhan and Halevy. It is true that she was not much interviewed. Mine. Bernhardt has now broken Shak sperianground,andappearedas the heroine of a very strange translation of a very noble play, now to be accepted under the singular designation of " Muck- a-bet." At the risk of encountering all the stereotyped adulation which no doubt will greet-has indeed already begun to greet-the latest version of that terrible poet-sample of feminine un- daunted mettle, we must venture to express, having seen the performance at the Porte St. Martin on the fourth or fifth night, a frank and grave opinion. The surroundings of Mme. Bernhardt are in this case very much against her. Through some quarrel or difficulty which has been much written of in the French papers, she has not appeared, as originally intended, in a free poetical rendering of the play by M. Lacroix (by him transferred to the Odeon), but in a literal very oddly literal prose translation by her own poet, M. Bichepiu, the author actor of Nails Spiro. It would not be fair to call the translation bad, curiously as it sometimes reminds one of the gentleman who undertook to transfer " Hamlet " into French vernacular prose, and accordingly reproduced the Prince's greeting to his father's spirit, " Angels and ministers of grace defend us !" as " Tiens ! quest que c'est que a ?" After all, that is very much what a modern French Hamlet, as according to Partridge, would say under the cir- entertainers. M. Bichepin has? done his best to preserve the imagery; but a literal translation of a great poem, with all the poetry left out, is in itself a sin and such a sentence as "Comme un rat sans queue, je fear, of je fear, of je fever," is very unim- pressive indeed. AS time disco omnes. The witches' mixture for the cauldron, purposely but fiercely grotesque in Shakspeare's magic hands, becomes amazingly funny in M. Bichepin'a prose. " Sir," said an enthusiastic box-keeper during the run of M Fechter Hamlet at the Princess's (a very fine and thoughtful performance, be it said, which we have no wish to depreciate), " 'Amiet used to be a tragedy with Mr. Kean and Mr. Macready. Mr. Fechler, sir, has raised it to a meller dram." M. Richepin has raised a Muck-a-bet " to another; and an odd one it is. It is arranged in nine "tableaux," with waits between, in order that the high treason of " changing the scenes in sight of the audience may be avoided according to the modest Pineroniau receipt. "Muck-a- bet ' has obviously passed through the tion quitoiisfingers of some Gallic M. Pinero; and in the further absence of all orchestral music of any kind, the effect becomes almost madly depressing. "We had nightmares till the morning, much aggravated by the astound- ing aspect of the French ghosts and witches, they had but one trapdoor between them, wherewith to do all the necessary spiriting. the three witches walked on and off in quite a mortal way and when they desired to impress Mud-a-bet, they merely joined hands round him and put him in the middle,' was danced "Round and round the m till berry- tree," about the great " Cawdor." In man twinned space, in the full costume of a moUet ii Hisrhlaudei- outside a tobacconist's shop, the noble Thane looked exceeding me comfortable, and very little else. The ghost of Banquo failed to redeem the spiritual season in this world a decidedly fat man he had had no time to lose flesh in the next before he rose through that trapdoor to the middle of the dinner-table, with thing to distinguish him from the rest of the company but a profusion of disagreeable 1 red lines about his face to represent wounds, which much moved us to address him in the language of Mr. Bitriund's " Stage-Dora,"as Sealing-lVct.v. The audience giggled at him a good deal, and the audience, on the night when we were present, WAS conspicuous by the absence of all social or literary distinction. Like the performance, it was unmitigated Surrey. When a Parisian actress seceders from the Francaise, French intelligence remains with the Fran- days, and leaves the seceder. Flea, as the bills called him, was visible only in the bills. The Second Murderer caused some laughter by lending a repentant hand to remove the furniture. Macbeth, when his wife left him, clenched his teeth and gashed them, threw out his right arm, danced on his right foot, and settled himself on his left, rolled his eyes, and said, " Est-ce un poignard ? " precisely as we knew he would. Macbeth might have been Macduff, or Macduff JjiM'juo, or Lennox any of them, for any distinction whatever between their characters or styles of recitation. There was no single glimpse of acting from the beginning of the performance to the end. "I can get this sort of thing from the Britannia at any time, sir," said an angry manager to an expensive lover, for forty shillings a week." How far Mme. Bernhardt herself may be responsible for the general effect of such an exhibition as this, it would be idle to inquire. Neither reason nor experience, we suppose, will ever dispel the histrionic theory that a star shines the brighter for a surrounding of night-light. Yet her early successes at the Francais, with the De Jaunay and Mounot-Sutlys to act with, might have taught Mme. Bernhardt a better wisdom; and the power of even- ness has never been more clearly shown than of late, in bringing into relief the merit of an individual performance. Mme. Marie Koze's beautiful and poetic Camden, for instance, at Drury-lane, a study dearly inspired by Madame rather than his librettists, was all the more significant for pie equal merit of the whole representation of Bizet's opera. The interest of the performance at Porte St Martin, of course, lay in what Mine. Sarah Bernhardt might make of Lady Mac hath. This much justice may at least be done her, that she has in no way attempted to alter the balance of the characters. She is not ambitious to emulate the side-lights which another foreign player has been good enough to throw upon Shakspeare's tragedy. If Signor Salvin has naively announced that the sleep-walking scene ought, to, be taken out of Lady Macbeth's part and given to Macbeth, Mine. Bernhardt might have retaliated by transferring the scene over the "Witches' cauldron from the Thane to herself. The psychological meanings which some critics love to look for might be argued either way, though we doubt if Shakspeare ever distressed himself much by speculations on psychology. But, for the rest, Shak- speare at his greatest being here in question, it must be plainly said, by us at least, that Mme. Bernhardt's acting is throughout but too well in keeping with the tone of her surroundings. It is becoming painfully clear to quiet and watchful observers and lovers of the drama, whom the blare of modern trumpery fails to deafen or disturb, that the Nemesis of the new school is following hard on the actress's heels, and that in the hands of those who persistently give up to advertisement what was meant for art, the signs of art may degenerate very fast. We could wish that others might be warned in time. From the first moment of her appearance reading Macbeth's letters Mine. Bernhardt strikes at once her slightest and highest key. From that moment forwards there is neither change, nor relief, nor light. With her husband there is no touch of love or tender- ness; with her guests there is no sign of dignity or grace; in her own rejections there is neither reticence nor stay. She plays second murderer throughout to Macbeth's first; and the two together might figure as the centre of some police court story of Whitechapel assassination. To colour their hands an obtrusive and unpleasant red, in emulation of poor Banquets roomy' visage, appears to be with them the main purpose of the scene. Even the repulsive and unsuit- able dress which it pleases Mme. Bernhardt to wear is, we regret to say, an offence which in such a character an artist should have shunned. In the touchstone of the part, the sleep-walking scene, Mine. Bernhardt's failure seemed to us the most complete. The traditions of that scene are old and true, and to be remembered by ourselves not only in Mme. Bistori's stately power, but in the artistic self- restraint of our own Mrs. Crowe and Mrs Vezin. Mme. Bernhardt seems to wish to play the scene anew, and plays it like a Majnad, or, to give a closer parallel, like an operatic star in the gambols of the " Sonnambula." She tears the passion all to pieces, and ends by rushing wildly off the stage, waving her hands above her head. Her gestures, indeed, throughout the whole play; are more those of the amateur than the actress, wearisome and monotonous from their entire want of repose, as if she had unlearned the very rudiments of the art which she once promised to interpret both modestly and well. With her right hand she ceaselessly saws the air, and with the left she clutches the bosom of her peculiar tunic, in a fashion in which a pupil of Mrs. Stirling or Mr, Vezin would not long be allowed to indulge. Mine. Bernhardt has a great power of recuperation and we sincerely hope that she will reconsider her Lady Macbeth carefully and thoroughly before she presents it to the countrymen of Shakspeare. If she does not, we should not be surprised to find that in this instance the usual puffs preliminary have missed their mark. For when things are at the worst they mend and we believe that there are signs abroad that the advertising mania in matters of art is trying the patience of the world too far. The natural result of the desire of every aspirant to outstrip his predecessor is already visible on half the hoardings of London. Mme. Bernhardt, merci- fully, still confines herself to the modest proportion of the photographer's window, and we are spared the fear of a life-sized Lady Macbeth to herald her upon her way among the attractions of soaps, . mustards, electric belts, and Claudian. Mr. Barrett is so earnest in his artistic ambition, and himself so' sound an actor of poetic drama (many remember, his Jfercutio as among the best of recent Shakspearian pictures), that it is the more to be regretted that he should treat poetical plays in this fashion. We sincerely believe that there must soon be an end of all this, and with what patience we may command we are content to look for it. FROM the Townsville Bulletin of the 6th in- stant we learn that a limited liability company has been formed there, with a nominal capital of £40,000, in 400 shares, styled the Townsville Land and Investment Company, Limited, with the object of buying and selling the Hermit Park Estate and other lands which the directors for the time being may approve of, with the consent of a majority of the shareholders duly convened for that purpose. The following gentlemen were elected provisional directors of the company Messrs. Robert Philp, W. P. Walker, Joseph Hughes, B. A. Goldring, and W. Clayton. In reply to an inquiry the chairman stated that the area of Hermit Park was about 320 acres, and the purchase money £30 per acre ; one-fifth of the sum payable in cash, the balance extend Spr every period of three years, same bearing interest at the rate of 8 per cent per annum. 