THE GROWSNEST GHOST. It would ha almost impossible to discover anyone more entirely devoid of superstition than myself. Nevertheless, when I was. seventeen years ©Id an event happened which caused me to Relieve mine a haunted life. I was staying in Pari 3 as the house of my' guardian, Sir Charles C , and dressing tor my first ball — a ball at the English Embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian feaste, had been fastened, and I stood before 4he glass while my maid arranged the flowers in my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beside my fan and gloves on the toilet table. 'Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful f ex claimed my maid, J us tine, in French, as she topped back to sutvey her work admiringly. I blushed with pleasure. It was th6 first compliment that k&i; been paid me, and my glass told me it was true. 1 wonder who sent me these flowers?' I ©aid, tafehsg up the bouquet preparatory to leaving the room. ' Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her admirer among her partners to-night,' was fetes girl's reply. Ac this moment there was a knock at the door. A telegram was handed to me. Mrs. Northoote is dangerously ill, and wishes to see her stepdaughter before Ehe dies.' Startled, dismayed, but beyond ail measure vexed, at receiving ouch an untimely message, I dropped the paper upon the floor. Bring me a railway guide — quick P I said to Justine. Mrs, Norfchcote was my stepmother, but vre Ijad never met. My father had made a mesalliance out in India by taking a half- Oaefce for his second wife, and when he died he left to hia widow, for her life, the family estate of 1 Crowenest,' to which he had only just succeeded. I found by the railway guide that if I changed my drees with speed there was time to catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon next day I should reach Dashsbire, ia which county Crowsnest is situated. Justine,' I cried excitedly, ' bring me my travelling dress. Yoa must go with me to night to England ' ' Mem dic-u, mademoiselle ! Would you take off that ravishing dress that suits you to such marvel? Would you give up the hall Once usorB I looked at my reflection in the glass. Once more I took up the railway time table to study its. contents. At nine o'clock inex' morning there was another train Meditatively I raised the bouquet to my face. Vho was it said, ' The woman who hesitates is lost ?' The sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my sense?. Who had sent them ? Curiosity prevailed. I would wait till the morrow, go to the ball, and solve the mystery. Sir Charles and Lady C— — were waiting for urn when I descended the stairs. I did not say anything about the telegram; we ?nteved the carriage and were driven to the Str.bussy. The bail was brilliant in the extreme, and 2 "v;aa completely intoxicated with the adula tion I received. La jolie Anglaise 1' The nfw debutante !' — was on everybody's lips. The night was half over before I even remembered the avowed object of my deferred departure for England — namely, to discover > the sender of the flowers. ' Of what were you thinking so profoundly, Mies Northcote?' asked a gentleman in a way that made me start. The speaker was Mr. Wrrfon. He had been introduced to me a few days before at my guardian's house. ' I wag thinking of the sender c£ this lovely bouquet, and wondering who he is. See, my name, " Nina/' is spelt oat in white violets,' I answered, holding the flowers toward him. ' I hope you were thinking kindly of the donor.' \- ' Indeed I was.' ' Thank you. Will you always so think of him — of me?' My surprise was too great to frame an immediate reply. Besides, hie manner cm- barraesed me. It inferred so much more than the mere words. I danced with him more frequently than with anyone else, and fcund a n6W and strange attraction in his presence. On returning from the boll I told . my host and hostesB cf the telegram, and 0 my determination to styt on the morrow. . Lady 0 looked grave when Bhe react the message. ' You might have saved a few hours, dear she said. ' Only a very few. And then I should have missed the most delightful experience of all my life,' I answered fervently. ' But it was a case of life and death, my child,' she added, gently. And I felt she bad given me a reproof. My trunks were soon packed by Justine, who accompanied me to England. Sir Charles C -, as my legal guardian, also insisted on going with me, and" late oh the following night we weredrivingthrough the moonless darkness of chantry roads to Grows- nest. A stately housekeeper met us in'thebalh ' Mies lsortheote, you come too late,' she Phere waa moreau??erity than Sad 1 ffeh few: : w $kr0mu"'m- three hourt afco/- If ifcfi fen Parf s to ' hid a, cofeifilaulcation "ehe deaired to maka to yah/; ; ; '/ ' ' - ?' I agked m much distress. Thab-noydpe' wiU eyer know in this wathk' Afiswdr/' ' i;£afl . 1 .. from': that1 moment -As though Mtt. Stevens was my ehe&i.; ' "v ' / Charles 0— remained at Crowsuest after the funeral. Then, jn vain, he urged me to ret'iira with him to Paris. I was bent on rcmaiiiing a few weeks longer- ifi phe quaiut o Id-fa aliioasd housev thiclT now, to all intents and .urpaSIs, was mine. With the exception of 'One bedroom in it, a desciip tioii Crowsntsc 13 not necessary to the dslopmen of my tale, but to describe that ia imperative. This , room had tikea my fancy from fch© first,. It was long, and large, and low ; ,tbe.y?aUs panelled with aelar-wood. Oa the panels hung framed tapeairy pictures, the work . of generations of NorthcoJas. The ceiling of. pedar-wcod, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower than they were. A time-mellowed square of Indian, carpet covered the centre, of the cedar floor on which stood the bed— of tne same wood, and richly carved— raised on & dale. There were two windows; that nearest the bed, a bay with diamond panes, the hangings, similar to those of the bed, of old-iashioned.rich brocade with faded pink satin linings. On the side ot the bay win- | dow nearest the bed was fixed a modern gas- | bracket, which struck me As a strange anomaly ! and the only incongruity amid tho antique surroundings. It was in this chamber that j my sto'p'-mother died, but, utterly devoid of all superstitious weakness, I decided to occupy it myself. No sooner had my u.ind guardian left Crowenest than I told Mrs. Stevens of 1 my intention,, whereon she looked troubled, j urging various reasons why I should not do j so, none cf which appeared tome of anyi weight,, . At. last she said: 'It was Mrs. Northaote's wish that that room should not be used. She died La is.' And do you suppose I am so foolish as ta . be afraid £0 sleep there on that account ?' I j asked. . ; ' It is not my province to suppose any- I thing, MiBBjNorfchcote. My lata mistress | entertained the fancy, and if jou had seea j her before she died it ia my belief she would have given you her reasons herself. As it is—' . 'As it is, Mrs. Stevens,' I answered, seeing that she .paused irresolumly, 'I am now mistress here, and have set my hears on that particular bedroom. Have it prepared, please, for £ wish to occupy it at once.' As you will/ she said, indifferently. But as ehe turned away £ caught a peculiar look on her f$ce, which perplexed as much as it annoyed me. ?M.y belongings ware promptly removed into, the ooveted room, my maid, Justine, occupying a soiill dressing-roqm adjoining, but to which there was no through communication. Tbe first night of my taking possession of my. new quarters was dose and oppressive, and I remember waking to find the scent of the cedar- wood slightly overpowering. About midnight I rose; threading my way across the floor with difficulty, for the room was almost in total darkness, I opened the nearest window. The next night, before Justine left me, I desired her not to turn the gas quite out. Three nights late? I again woke with a sense cf langour and oppression. I did not want to ba at tne trouble of rising to open the window, but I looked up sleepily. The gas beside the j window gave out a dim light ; beyond it a ; faint moonbeam slanting across the room in j which lay the shadow of a pear tree that j grew outside elose to the hoes?. I could trace j the shadows oi the branches and the leaves, j and watched them as they flickered, stirred ! by the light wind. Ksepipg my eyee open ia j a half- siespy manner, as I have said, ail at once I became canseious of seeing something j else besides the gaslight and tbe moonlight, ! something that seemed to be between the two. -It was faiat and indistinct, certainly, j but none the less it bore resemblance to a female form. The head appeared resting on tbe handi the hair, with a ruddy gleam on it, floated backward on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently awake to know that it was no freak of lancy, and vet the figure was alto gether so faintly, defined and vague in detail | that before long I fell asleep, and next morning remembered it as a dream cnly. j Tbe succeeding night;, however, I again awoke, and cm opening my eyes, bshe-ld the self-same figurp. But this time it was more clearly .visible, especially ihe face, which, turned. toward tae, I saw to be that oi a very beautiful woman. Moreover, to my unspeak able horror and dismay, I discovered in it a resemblance- to my stepmother, whom I bad seen one?, and only once, as she lay dead within her ccSSa. The sight was the more distressing toroe, inasmuch as the face wore an expression of mournful sadness combined with one of reproach. Had the spirit of my father's wife. returned to earth to upbraid- ms for not obeying the summons to her dying bed ? . A strangely commingled feeling of awe and j iocreduiiiy pbssessed me. Of awe, inspired j by the apparent presence of a being from i another world ; of iocredulity, that such a visitation could be possible. In vain I closed my eyes, pressing my bands upon them to wipe out-, as it were, the sight. Whenever I opened them I saw the beautiful, reproach fu face, and it was not until the early summer morning dawned tbaj. it entirely disappeared, and I rose from -uiy bed sad at heart, and worn ia body with tha weary vigil of the night. Twice more the visi cation came ; after that for two or three weeks tho visits ceased, then were once more resumed. Before 1 had been two months at Crowsoest, all my vaunted courage fled; my. entire nature underwent a change. Though I spoke of what £ had seen to no one, I was, nevertheless, sensitively conscious that Mrs. Stevens remarked something amiss wb.h me. 1 was even morbidly fearful that she bad suspicion of the cause. I was convinced of this one morning when . she aaid — iroi by any msaus unkindly:- i 'Justine tells me yoa have nor beeu ing well, Mias Nqrthoote. Indeed, I, am ^con cerned to seo fiofly iJl you Look. Lo yoa not find thecsdaiveliauibai comfortable J?' f . ' Perfectly comfortable, del ighif ai ! T. wo aid M ",|6fc .ttis world/ J xeptied. oykBiyeiy, : '' .uoinfqail.. and. wlthi |hatj llkunilsg.. preBende? Heaven forgive mje t for iths/ subterfuge H As t3 Justine, she was co:-: ' tinually firging ifia to 4ait what she termed, | '«©; vilaia ;pays,' aitribating my depression to tbetcfiimatet to the dull-life I led, to , any- thing rather than the true cause. -But at length her persistency, added to beseeching1 letters from iny guardian, prevailed, and I returned again to Paris. ! Thora TreneWed my aequaihtanoi with Mr. i Weston. It was impossible to bs blind to his ' feelinga, his intentions Every word and look told me that he loved me, and the day. dame when he asked me to be his wife. To I his evident surprise, and to my inexpressible ; sorrow, I refneed to marry him. Could. I : join my life— a haauted life — to that cf the man 1 loved with all my soul ? True, I had no visitation from the beautiful, reproachful face, since £ left Crowsneet; but might it not j return at any time, at any hour ? Oh, why i i had my father's wife oa'jS this blight upon ' jmy life? Why did she haunt me ? Was it j snob heinous crifce not to have gone in time to sea her diei , . ; Suddenly I became pnsssseed with a stiauge | longing to revisit Orowsnest, to eee again tha 1 weird apparition that bad exercised so subtle an influence on my life. With the -per4 1 eietent waywardness of & spoilt dhild I j insisted on going to Grdwsnest. I insisted j also that no one but Justine should, ac company me, My indulgent guardian yielded to my wishes, Bna I went. Bat not once during my month's visit did £ see the haunting face. I believed then that my persecution was ended. On my return to Paris, Mr. Weston re newed his offer, and I accepted him. A few months of married happiness effectually dis persed the cloud that had overshadowed me. My mind— warped, weakened as it had b6eu by giving way to morbid fancies — gained tone and vigour daily by associating wiih my husbaud'Si which was eminently matter-of- fact and practical. It was, therefore, with out the slightest foreboding of evil that we Set off for Daghshire to spend the summer mouths at Growsuest. George was much pleased with the old house, above all with the cedar Chamber, which I found— without any orders to that effect — hid been prepared ( for us. It was late at night when we arrived, and there was not time to alter arrange ments ; besides, there seemed no need, for I believed, as 1 have stated, that I had outlived my fears. Both George and I were tired, by our journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell asleep. Toward morning I awoke A stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old, the shadow of the pear tree lay along the floor, flickering in the night wind. I watahed it for a while, then — this shadow ; -being closely associated in my mind with ! something else — I looked toward the bay j window, and could scarcely suppress a cry. ' There/in the old place, between the gaslight | and the moonlight, appeared the face 1 j ' Georga,' I whispered, trembling, 1 wake ! j I feal so frightened.' 'What is it, Nina? Have you seen a ghost !' he inquired, lightly, j ' Hush ! Look there.' j Raising himself upon hfs elbow, he obeyed. ' Why, there's a woman in the room,' he ex- | claimed in the greatest consternation. Then, i after pausing a few moments, he continued | slowly and deliberately, as though reading by a bad light from a book. ' No, it is only an illusion ; but what an illusion. I seem to see most distinctly a beautiful woman, her head turned this way, supported by her hand. Her hair, a bright auburn, bangs loose about her shoulders, It is a handsome face, but sorrowful — ' 'Stay! What are you about £0 do?' I asked, as, rising, h9 make a quick movement forward. « To dispel the illusion, darling.' So saying he shook the curtain violently, j May all ghostly visitants be as easily dis persed, 'he continued, laughing, es the figure quivered, swayed, became distorted, then, in a moment, vanished. ' But, what was it ?' 'I will reproduce it, and you shall see.' He loosed the curtain, and it fell to the ground in tbe old folds and creaees as it was before. There, sure enough, she waB again. ' And is this what scared yoa, your first visit here ?' ha inquired, turning to me sud denly, as though a new light broke on him. ' Yes. I thought it was the spirit of my step-mfither. I imagined the likeness, of course.' Then, beiwenn laughter and tears, I made full confession oi all my superstitiou<« folly. Next morning ws closely interrogated Mrs. i Stevens. She exprersed her belief that the < cedar chamber was haunted, and that the communication her mistress had desired to J make to me was to that effect. ) «We -read of 'strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of certain heavy bodies. /Here was an instance, unique in its way, ia i which a heavenly bdy — the moon — aided by 1 each commonplace earthly materials &g; a modern gas jec and au old faded silken cartsin, produced as perfect a specimen of S a beautiful female ghost as ever visited our ! world. I BMU mum.'tofm MUHWMW BJ MiaiMMiiaBBIOll 