'INTRIGUE.' By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. CHAHTER VI. ? ' A worthless womnn, moro cold clny, As all fnlso tilings are ! but so fair, Sho tnlces tlio breath of moivaway ' 'Who gnzo upon lier unawaro.' Silvio Romano, the groat tenor, had mado his last bow to an admiring audience, and was about to loavo the theatre, when one of the attendants approached and said hesitatingly, aa if expeoting a rebuke, ' A lady wishes to Bee you, Signor, who states her business is urgent — indeed she would not be denied, and is awaiting you there ' — pointing to the door of an unoccupied dressing-room. Ho might havo added his scruples had been overcome by on astonishingly handsome douceur, a sufficiently heavy bribe to induce him to brave tho fury ot tho hot-blooded Italian's anger. His relief was groat, ,when. Romano answered quietly : ' It is well, tho lady is expected,' and passed quiokly into tho small apartment, olosing the door carefully behind him. There, orouching iu the darkest corner was a muffled figure, who on seeing Romano enter, sprang hastily to her feet, and as the cumbersome oloak foil from her, discovered the lovely form of Gidia Disney, Btill clad in tho white Blieeny robes and glittering with diamonds. Silvio stood by the door, a dark dangerous . look on his handsomo face, but his bold black eyes nevertheless drinking in eagerly ovory detail of her soft loveliness, her rioh attire, her costly gems. With a low glad ory of welcome Gidia glided towards him, and though ho put up his hand angrily as if to keep her off, she came closer, and winding her bare whito arms about his nook tried to reaoh his lips with her moist red ones. The man wuuiu uuvu ueuii uiuru iuau mortal 10 nave resisted her, and Silvio Romano waa but olay, and clay of a very coarse type, in apito of his perfect face, and figure like a Greek god's. Thus tho fiery Italian blood coursed furiously through his veins beneath the caresses of this ? beautiful woman, and aa sho melted into his ? arms with a happy sigh, he abandoned him self to tho delight of the moment, and pressed hot paseionate kisses on hor lips, her eyes, her neck. Gidia was tho first to recover, and gently withdrawing horself from his arma, pushed him into a low clmir, and Beating her self on his knee, allowed her golden head to lie confidingly on Romano's breast. ' Ah, mio ben,' she whispered, stroking hie ' oheek with her forefinger, 'if you only knew liow your poor little Gidia has longed for this, dreamt of it, how bitterly she has repented having left you, and how Bho has suffered, you would never havo the heart to utter one oruel word. But what could I do, Silvio,' she wont on ontreatingly ; tho life was so hard, it would have killed me, and I waa too young then to realise how much I loved you, though I know it now to my cost' — hor lips again mot hie — ' In a hasty, foolish moment I ran away to my rioh English relations, of whom you never even dreamt, you poor darling, — and my aunt, Miss Dering, adopted me.' ' So,' said tho Italian, toying with tho Bparkling gema on hor bosom, 'you have dono woll for yourself, little one' — and ho throw a significant glance at her dia monds — 'I also have been fairly successful but I must oonfess my years of toil and anxiety havo failed to bring mo as muoh wealth as you now display on your fair nnrRnn. Oh. ftidin I ' TTnwnnUn ilvnwir.fr her olosorto him, his rare thrilling voice full ot tenderness. ' Why did you forsake mo whon suocess was at last to fall to my lot ? I know it must come, and you, with your splondid voice and lovoly features, you and I together, what oould wo not havo accom plished ? You havo been very oruel, vory treaoherous, but I believe Gidia niia you have still a few grains of affeotion for me, and I lovo you so devotedly; I cannot help for giving you as I look into your pretty face. But toll me,' he Baid gaily, ' who has my littlo poverty-Btricken Gidia been transformed into? Of course, I must bo introduced to Jho fairy godmother or aunt, or whatever tho : riflrififinnnf nrimftivo wKrt Ima 'woii may bo, for, my darling, you shall not readily give mo tho Blip again, now you are onoo moro restored to my arms,' Gidia shivered and turned very pale. 'Oh, Silvio I 'sho gaaped, thinking foar ???i fully, 'he will kill me when lio knows all; ia it possible you do not guess what I have dono — who I am ? My darling, hold me oloaor. in your arma, or I dare not tell you. The ? man who was with me this evening, -? who carried me from our box, was Sir Ralph Disnoy, and I— Oh, Silvio, Silvio 1— I married him I ' With a frightful oath tho Italian flung her to tho ground, his oyea, gleaming with rage, seeking a weapon wliorowith to Btriko hor ; but Gidia, flinging horself at his leotJ'and frantically throwing her arms round his knees, oried — 'You will not kill mo, Silvio. I am not fit to dio '—her bare bosom panting with foar and exoitement. ' Let mo live a littlo while longer, if only to enjoy my new found hap ' „ piness,' she entreated, i Romano seized her delicate wrists violently. ' You aro trying to fool me again,' ho hissed ; '.' you, m y wife, dare to toll mo of your .mor \- Kiage with another man, and hope to live. Ah, traitress I you lovo him, or you would never — ' 'No; beforo Heaven,' interrupted Gidia, earnestly ; ' belibve rue, Silvio, I have never loved anyone but jjou — no other man has had power to raise a single warm feeling in my heart ; and thiB cold-blooded Englishman the world calla ray husband, who was onco my aunt's lovor, his very lueses freeze on my lips. I hate him, and would stranglo him as ho lies beside mo, it I daro.' Then seeing her words wero beginning to toll on Romano sho throw horself into liis arms, and botwoon hor paasionato kisses whispered implor ingly— ' You could not hurt your littlo wifo, your Gidia, for wlmtover I am to tho world I am indeed yours — yours body and soul, and your intoresta, your aims, shall bo mine, my hus band, my love.' Thon alio venturod to look up into tho dark stormy faoo of lier lover, and its expression was wonderfully reassuring. Whon tho quick subtlo brain of tho Italian, after his first burst of jealous rago waa ovor, bad grasped tho situation, it appeared to him not so vory disploasing. i'ho handsomo tenor, the idol of tho moment, had no wish to bo hampered with a wifo, oven such a pretty one as Gidia, and yot here waa a most convenient arrangement roady for him to drop into. Hero was a wifo whom, if ho olioso, ' ho could claim openly at any moment, or lteop seoretly, ontiroly at his commands, and in his power. That Gidia was Sir Ralph Disnoy's sup posed wifo gavo him a hold ovor tho wealthy l baronofc'a purse-strings, no small consider ation to noiuano, wno m spite oi ma pnncciy salary, waa one of tho most impecunious of men. All this flashed rapidly across liis brain, therefore whon Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, sho found all ro sontmcnt had faded from tho face of her hus band, giving place to a tender resignation. 'No, my own,' ho said sadly, caressing her softly tho while. ' Much as you havo injured me, you know, I could never in cold blood harm a hair of your Bweet head ; but remember ' — -and his eyes burnt into hers — ' you aro mine, body and soul, as you said just now, and wo must contrive to meet often privately, or I will not bo responsible for my actions.' _ 'Yes, of course, dearest,' sho uttered lightly, not daring to oontradiot tho man in whoso power she lay so completely. ' Only it will bo frightfully difficult to manago, you know.' ' But if you really lovo me as you say, and not that stiff-noolted Englishman whoso throat I long to out, it will be easy enough. Be sides, Gidia, since you always took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, you aro a female Machiavelli,' laughed Silvio. 'Ah, flatterer 1 ' — Gidia thought Machiavolli was probably some charaotor in an unknown opera — 'But my darling, I would move heaven and earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not doubt my love for you ; ' then, remembering suddenly Lady Claudia's words respecting her musical reunion tho following Thursday, she laughed softly, ' So, Silvio, you are the now tenor whom my cousin has se cured to sing with me, and whose voice I hoped would blend well with mine.' ' And you, then,' said Silvio, also laugh ing, ' are the lady amateur I havo been curs ing, having determined she waB some vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note. We shall charm and; astonish your friends, I fancy, my darling.' ' What a meroy wo did not meet unexpec tedly for the first timo in my own drawing room,' said Gidia, thankfully ; ' and, dear love, I must now hasten away, or my absence may bo discovered, and thon where would 1 Lady Disney's ' reputation be, I wonder ? No, dear, you must not come a single step with me, the risk would bo too great ' — Silvio had mado a movement aa if to accompany her — ' You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au rcvoir till Thursday, by which timo I shall havo devised tho waya and means for our future rendezvous.' Ono moro long~embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to her stately home, the home of tho man who trusted her implicitly wmi me nonor oi a stainless name, uu unuiuut noblo raeo. Silvio Romano thon left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily-furnished ohambers thinking how ho could turn to best advantago tho strange chances I'ate had put into his hand. When a mere youth he had married the half English, half Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit of passion, partly be cause their voices harmonised, and ho had a vaguo idea it might be worth his whilo to securo her. Romano knew and oared littlo about his child-wife's relations. Hor mother was Leonora Yaletta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as ho believed, the cast-oil mis tress of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the Btory of Leonora's marriage was regarded as a mero myth. Thus ho never dreamt what a source of wealth sho would oventually becomo to him ; in fact, he had, amid the excitement of his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. ' How beautiful aho haa becomo,' ho thought, ' unleas it ia tho way sho ia got up, which makea tho astonishing difference. I should hardly havo recogniaed her, if the little fool had not looked bo frightened, though she had good reason for fear, littlo serpent ! ' and he olenched his whito teeth savagely. ' If I had only known, but she shall pay for it yet, Silvio Romano iB not a man to be trifled with. So thoso are tho famous Disney diamonds I have heard so many fino ladies rave about. Why, thoy alono muat be worth a king's ranBom,' and his oyes shone ouriously. When his handsome face dropped tho mask of the conventional smile it usually wore, wnat an evu-iooKing man ne wub. Romano waa tall, with a light symmetrical figure, clear out regular features, dark oreamy skin, and face whioh bore evidence of his nationality. His head was oovered with a profusion of blaok curls, a moustache of the Bame oolor hiding hia oruel, sensual mouth, and his bright black oyea, largo and bold, wore capable ot expressing as much tender ness aa his soft, thrilling voice. Bnt, in Bpite of these natural advantages, the man's oharaoter was discernible on his countenance, for his expression betrayed that he was both selfish and crafty, and his heart not only oold and oaloulating, but at the same .time sensual and passionate — not an uncommon combina tion in the lowest typo of Italian oharacter. Himself fiokle as the winda, he would still never hesitate to draw a ltnife across the de fencelesB throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the back of a man who stood between him and hia objeots. And ho held Ralph DiBney's supposed wife in hia power, a power he would not soruple to use to tho uttermost. Evon now his mind was busy with plans for tho future, but his thoughts soemed rivetted by tho dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn ; nothing else seomed real or tangible. His newly recovered ?wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long dinging kisses wero very pleasant to recall — but thoso diamonds I When he olosed his oyos he could almost see them again sparkling and glittering on the fair whito throat (for a moment he paused to think how sott ond tender that was), and in caroless profusion over tho rioh Bilkon robes. Long after day light had stolen in through tho windows, Romano sat reasoning feebly — ' Tho jewels belong to Gidia, ond she is undoubtedly mine, why ahould not I make nse of both her and them? ' The thought seemed at firBt a wild one, but it rapidly gained ground, and ere long the. Italian had fully determined on obtaining speedy possession of the muoh-coveted dia monds, no matter at what risk ; and he vowed fiercely it should faro' ill with the man or woman who might dare to stand in his path. CHAPTER VII. B iforo tho season — an timimially gay one — had oloaod, Lady Disney astonished hor hus band hy plooding for a liaflty retreat to Disney Manor, and Ralph, though only too thankful to esoapo from a lifo in overy way irksome to him, thought it hia duty to remind Gidia eho would probably find tho country very dull aftor having accustomed horsolt to bo much excitomcnt. ' You seo, my doar, no ono will loavo town just now, and I doubt if you would got any ono to Btay with you for tho noxt throe weeks at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not bo porsuaded to accompany us— at any rate, not till after tho noxt drawing-room and tho Princess' Gardon Party,' he said warn ingly, boing too honost to tako a moon advan tago of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. ' Oh, I do not care tho loast in tho world,' Gidia ropliod, in peovish woary tonos ; ' I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish wo had novor como to London at all, but stayed at DiBnoy all by oursolvos,' and she bogan to ory. Ralph, still vory fond ot hia protty young wifo, and having all on Englishman's horror of toars, took her tenderly in his arms — 'My darling '—soothingly — ' wo will start at once, if you really wish it. I shall bo over joyed at having my littlo wifo all to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of lato. Wo will seo if tho fresh, pure air of Disnoy, oombined with regular hours, oan bring baok tho roses whioh havo faded from your protty clieeka, dearest.' Thon, as a happy idea seemed to striko him, ' and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs.Cunninghamoto join ua there. It will be quito liko old times,' ho added, plea santly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband nover heard, as thoir conversation was at that mo mont interrupted by the entrance of callers, but tho invitation waa despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. Tho following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town ; and tho same paper whioh reeordod thoir departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Romano was compelled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from pub lio life. He was about to proceed — so it stated to his native place, a small Italian villago, there to Beek the entire repose he so muoh needed. Lilias Doring's first impulso on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, sho blamed her self severely for having for a moment even entertained tho thought of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Ralph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush ing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seomed to havo cast oft all hor newly-acquired dignity, and was once moro the childish, light-hearted oreature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priory. '.How happy they are I ' Mrs. Cunning hame would exclaim aa sho watched Ralph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's littlo eoquettries, as they strolled about tho lonely old grounds. And Lilias, though sho had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe it so, and, with out one regretful sigh for tho happiness whioh might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. ? One close sultry evening MrsfCunning hame was taking her usual aftor dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of tho cot tagers dwelling on their respective estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The draw ing-room opened on along terrace, from which somo ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark fir trees oame a peculiar note, which to most earB would havo borne no significance, it was so liko the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glanco towards hor husband, who, however, was intent on aome drawings, the different merits of which he waa pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her protty shoulders con temptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided across the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Romano. '' My own love,' sho whispered, after a long warm embrace. ' You cannot imagine what a state ot anxiety I have been in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it ia here,' and Gidia shrank closer to her huaband'a aide aa she glanced fearfully around. ' But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest,' and the blue eyes raised to his were full of lovo and confidence. With arms twined about each other, and heads bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into tho deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon whioh had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Cunninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiaeleasly into the room from the moonlit garden. So palo and haggard waa Lady Disney's usually blooming face, that Mrs. Cunninghame uttered an exclammati on of surprise and dis may, which immediately attracted the atten tion of both Ralph and Lilias. ' My love,' said Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy ohair, ' how imprudent of you to remain out bo late I I should have fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremen dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling,' ho added, looking anxiouBly into his wife's face. ' Yes, indeed,' said Mrs. Cunninghame, ' the dear ohild looks aa if Bhe had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, hor feet are quite wot,' pointing to the tiny satin slippers resting on a stool. ' So they are I and Gidia darling, you are as aold as death.' Ralph oxoitedly ohafed tho little hands whioh hung listlessly at her Bide, and looked appealing towards Miss Dering. Lilias, who was covering heraolt seoretly with unmerited roproaohea for having mono polised Sir Ralph so long,' rose and went to wards her niece. ' Come, dear, you had better divest your self of your wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Mario,' to Ralph, ' or let me take you to your room, Gidia,' and she tenderly drew her nieoe's shivering form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and for onco the tcarB whioh streamed down her cheeks wore genuine, thon submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a sigh of relief she found horself at last with no other oompanion than her maid. Marie, always on tho alert, took a rapid | Burvey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as sho removed the dress whose tiny frilla hung limp and damp, with its delioate lace trimmings torn and discolored. ' They will need my assistance once more,' she thought, triumphantly, as she brushed' out the tangled golden curls, and pured stealthily at the white drawn face relleoted in the glass. ' Miludi indeed appoars vraiment Malaili,' ! i'ho said at last, softly. ' Mnladi is not wiso I to venture bo lato in tho air of this perfiiliouR climate. Mon Dieu / but it is simply atroci ous to ono accustomed to tho delicious even ings of tho Sunny South, tho bright Italio,' and Maria cast up her oyea sentimentally. Tlio Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her moditations reminded Gidia sho had in deed nood of her maid's aasiatance, so eho anBwored — ' Yes, my good Mario, I am ill, wretchedly so, and unloss I feel over so much hotter in tho morning, I shall not leave my own apart ments — at least not beforo tho ovening. And, oh I whilst I think of it,' sho went on care lessly. ' Tako my keys, they are in tho Japanese cabinet, and bring mo thoso horrid diamonds ; I havo arranged an entirely now sotting for them if Sir Ralph will only let mo carry out my ideas.' Mario took her mistress' koys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much aa sho oould manago to carry. Mon Dieu ; but it is heavy,' sho ex claimod, with a groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. ' You need not remain,' said Gidia, nervously, playing with tho bunch of keys. ' I am not inclined for bed yot, and will ring when I want you again.' Tho door had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. ' How daro he ask mo to risk suoh a thing I ' sho exclaimed vehemently. ' There will bo suoh a terriblo storm whon tho rob bery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would be come of mo ? To fall bo low atter having olimbod so high, would be dreadful, and I oould almost hate Silvio for making mo do this thing. How cruel he oan bo when ho chooses I ' Bho meditated. ' And yet I sup pose I really do love him a little. Certainly more than anyone olso in the world.' Then, her sobs gradually aubaiding, sho unlocked the Bate, and, taking the diamonds foom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where thoy sparkled like the surfaco of a moonlit lake. ' I have no affeotion for tho horridly old fashioned things themselves,' she reflected. ' Ralph will never be persuaded to let me do what I liko with them. Thon, as Silvio says, everyone will be so full of commiseration when they hear of my loss, that I shall be sure to have endless presents to console me, nico modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy stuff ' — And she looked contemptuously at the curious setting Ralph valued more highly than the diamonds themselves. 'This riviere ia rather nico though; Ire member the Prince said how well it became mo, at the Mansion Houao Ball,' and sho held it up to tho light, letting it glide over hor pink fingera. ' Yes, I muBt try and keep it somehow,' decidedly. ' After all, if Mario will only assist me, I shall not have to run any very great risk ' (the little sinner was a philosopher in her way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). 'It is poor Silvio who will suffer, if anyone, but then he ia far too clever to be caught,' — and having com fortably shitted tho danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror began visibly to diminish, giving place to another feeling of annoyance as she thought — ' I shall have to give Marie at least half the money Ralph gave me yesterday — how exceedingly tiresome I ' and sho touched the bell pettishly. In a few seconds tho French woman entered, bearing on a small silver salvor a oup of steaming chocolate. ' How nioo, and thoughtful of you, Marie,' and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as sho daintily sipped the fragrant beverage. ' I really do not know what I should do with out ,'ou. And oh, I was just thinking ; I am not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenoro sent me yesterday, so you may have it if you like.' Then, interrupting Marie's prjfuae thanka — ' I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's. Sir Ralph wishes it, but they must be oaro fully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to-morrow even ing.' Here Lady Disney's tones became Btudiously alow and measured, causing Marie to listen very attentively. ' I shall leave my room exaotly at five minutes to eight ; you will then immediately take the diamonds from their eases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them. I have a presenti mont that when once down atairs — say at eight o'olock precisely — the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, bo be prepared to come to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand me?' and she fixed her eyes significantly on her maid'a expressive fea tures. 'But, Miladi — ' and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mis tress's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoul ders deprecatingly — ' would it not be an im prudence to leave euoh valuable jewels even for a moment ? If by some terrible miaad venture they were lost, stolen, it is I, pauvre Marie who would bo compelled to face ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beau tiful, bo amiable, I would even risk that.' 'Kosc asaured, Biritaipn will never blame you for negleoting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assiBtanoe,' replied Gidia, who Baw sho was understood. ' I see I can depend on your fidelity, Mario,' and she opened a small oabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graciously — ' To show you how highly I value your services.' Mario said not a word, but fixed her eyes avarioously on tho other half, whioh Gidia was about to roturn to the cabinet. Then tho oyes of mistresB and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, sho folt she oould not do otherwise than allow tho remainder of the notea to pass into the greedy hands of Mario Dupont. Sir Ralph entered his wife'a dresBing-room tho following evening and found her seated beforo her mirror, a loose robe de ehambre covering hor dinner dress, and Mario's deft fingerB busily omployod putting the finishing touohes to the wonderful oreotion of tiny goldon ourls. ' Are you quite Buro, darling, you feel well enough to join us at dinner,' were her hus band's first words. 'I havo missed your bright little face sadly all day ; but you still look very pale, and I would not havo you overtax your Btrength for tho world.' Gidia's protty face smiled and dimpled as Bho looked up. ' Oh, yea, dear ; I am really over bo much better, and cannot consent to lose another of our dear, quiet evenings, whioh I absolutely revel in. I love to liBten to you and wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to under stand all your olevor plans' — then glancing towards tho little Dresden clock whioh had just chimed tho third quarter — ' Can you wait just another minute, dear? Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to tako mo downstairs.' 'Of course, doarest, I shall wait — an hour if you liko.' Then his eye fell upon tho safe standing near, with the koys dangling from the look. . 'You aro surely not, coming out in your diamonds to-night,' ho said, wondor ingly. (To be continued.) 