MELBOURNE. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) From information received from Messrs Kerferd and Gillies acquired by them during the recent cruise, Mr Service is of opinion that all the Parliaments bf the various colonies, with the exception, perhaps, of Tasmania, wi*l be in *O6BlOO in June, wh-n the Federal C >uneil Bill will be dealt with. Mr Tuckercontemplates bridging in anew Rabbit Suppression Bill next session, in which bunny will be dealt with on entirely novel and, to him, discomfiting principles. An odd question has baen under iuvestiga* tion by the {police authorities Jately. Jc up pears that a constable named M'Liuey had au order made agaiost’bim for the maintenance of a little child of n Mis* Maguire, which was subsequently quashed ou appeal oa a technical point. The coustable waa transferred to Sandhurst, whither his faithful lover followed him, and caused him to be the subject of public ridicule by following him about the streets whsn on duty, with their joint babe, whom ehe had trained to point at the faithless policeman whenever it saw him and exclaim in reproachful accents, I>a da. This course aba pursued, she states, iu. order to make Da-da repair the wrong done by marrying her, which be '* declined to do. Notwith stand this the old love appears to have burned with its old fire, for the lady h«s in formed the officer of police for the district that she is again inc&nfe;/aud that when the fulness of time has come, if all goes happily, the baba will be M'Liuey's second. Stilt, however, ha is not on fur the marryiug biz, and iu defer* ence to public opinion iu the Eiulehawk dis trict, which was 80mewh.it scandalised by this romance in the domestic life of a peeler, M’Lioey has been transferred to St. Arnaud, where the determined maid threatens still to follow. The matter has been under the review of the Chief Commiatdouer o! Police, who will not further interfere A race meeting was held at Elateruwick Park to«day. There was only a moderate at tendance, owing, doubtless, to the most of the spotting men being away in the sister colony. The following are the results Hurdle Rice — NechKelly, 1; Don Alonz - r 2;. First Try, 3 Maiden Trot—Black Tracker, I; Lubra, 2. El wood Handicap—Honors, 1; Priestess, 2; Countryman, 3. Selling Race—The Ghost, 1; Lepcrallo, 2; Quietude, 3- The winner was bought iu for 76 guineas, 56 of which went to the club. Elnsterowick Park Handicap— Agatha, 1; Raillery, 2; Lyons L*dy, 3, The attention ol the Miuiug Department has been called to the accident which occurred at the Eureka mine, Sandhurst, a few days ago, by which the eogiuedriver Birckholdt lowerei the cage into the well and gave the men au involuntary immereiou. To-y only escaped drowning by climbing over the cage. The driver bas hitherto been a most careful and attentive mao. The Minister of Mines h*s directed the local inspector to take proceeding* against him. . 