General Sfews It is not generally known that the eldest daughter of the present Lord Lytton has taken up the family pen, and although only about 14 or fifteen years of age has already printed and published for private circulation one of tli'e most blood curdling ghost stories that has seen the light for many a long day. It is stated on good authority that Messrs. Longman would have published it in their magazine had it not been that it was rather longer than their space would allow of ; but the idea of curtailing the story was indignantly repudiated, so it has been placed in the hands of a few privileged friends exactly as the juvenile authoress wrote it down. She inherits a vast store of talent from both sides of the house, and her public appearance in the ranks of our authoresses will be looked forward to with a great amount of curiosity. SABBATARIANISM. -An English paper of May 2 says-While in Boston Mr. Irving told this good story about the Queen's loyal subjects in the Highlands ;- 'On one occasion, shortly after a visit to the Balmoral country, he mat an old Scotch, woman, with whom he spoke of Her Majesty. "The Queen's a good woman," he said. " 1 suppose she's goed enough, but there are things I oanna bear." " What do you mean i " asked Mr. Irving. " Well, I think there are things that even the Queen has no richt to do. For one thing, she goes rowing on the lak on Soonday, and that's no a Christian thing to do. " u But you know the Bible tells us" " I knaw, " she interrupted angrily. " I've read the Bible since I was so nigh, an1 I knaw ev'ry word in't. I knaw aboot Sooriday fishing an' ^ a' the ether the things the good Lord did, but I want ye to knaw, too, that I don't think ony the mair e'en o' him for a doin it/" , T . Time is a good deal like a mule. It IB better to be ahead of time than behind time. Rev. Dr. Boggs believes in church debts because, he says, they increase the inter est. There has nearly always been a good wife behind every great man. Smith discovered,, after marriage, that his w'ife wrote poetry; but he couldn't do anything about it then-he had taken her for better or worse. The bachelor's refrain-a lass 1 The maiden's refrain-ah men. A man making a second application for the post ot baker to'the Gateshead Work house, wrote the other day '-** 1' y°u had any objection to my being a mar ried man, I am single now, as I buried my wife yesterday." It was a dressmaker looking at a bow legged bather who remarked:-" My I what bias limbs ; how awfully they stand in need of a tuck and a gore," " It is always conquer or die, with me," said a conceited quack, at which a bye stander remarked :-"But it is your i patients that always do the dying." ^ I Josh Billings says:-"A reputashun ' once broken may possibly be repaired, but the world will alwus keep their eyes on the 8pot where the krack was." The pedigree of our corset, like many another modern absurdity which we are too familiar with to wonder at, stretches far back into antiquity, and may be briefly summarised. We recognise its funda mental features:- 1st, in the antique fascia of the Greeks and Romans; 2nd, we lose sight of bandages throughout a large portion of the Middle Ages, and then discover the existence of an embryonic corsage; 3rd, the end of the Middle Ages and the commencement of the Renaissance are marked by the general adoption of tight fitting lace bodices; and 4th, from the middle of the 16th till the end' of the 18 th century the stiff est of whalebone bodices were worn, disappearing under tbe Revolution, but only to be transformed later on into the modern corset. An American who had been to Europe was telling a friend about his trip across the Atlantic, and how, on tbe twenty-fifth of the month, they encountered a swarm of locusts which carried away every stitch of canvas off the ship. The listiner looked thoughtf ul for » moment, and then said hesitatingly, " Yes; I gsiess w« meet the same swarm of locusts the next day, the twenty-sixth. Every locust had on a pair of canvas pantaloons. " The well-known jbookseller Tauchnitz, has left about £200,000 to the city of LeipsiCf the income pf which ia, to be do voted to humanitarian purposes. The . principal is never to be alienated or spent arid for the first 200 years ten per cant of the annual income is" to be added to the principal. A. Sunday exhibition of pictures has been made in Galashiels. This was the first Sunday exhibition in Scotland. The following romantic story is related by thereto York Times of April20: The brief story of a long love of Silvian Oven and Catharine Radd* Silvian courted Gatharine at Palmyra, Lebanon county, Penn., 60 years ago. A lovers quarrel separated them. Oven married another. So did Miss Radd. Their partners both died 40 years ago. Oven and the lady came together again and were to be married, bnt they had trouble the second time. The widow married a man named Nash. Oven also remarried. Some time ago he was left a widower the .econd time and she soon afterwards became the Widow Nash. They hava now at last been married after 60 years, he at 80 and she at 84. NKVER UETCBN.-It is said that one out o every four real invalids who go to foreign conn tries to reaver healtii never return, except as a corpse. The undertakers, next-to the hotel keepers, ? have th# most profitable business. This excessive mortality may be prevented and patients saved and cured under thecare of friends an1! loved ones at home, if they wil but use Hop Bitters in time. 