THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. By anna Catherine green. BOOK II.—HENRY CLAVERING. Chapter XX —" Trtjeman ! Trueman » Trtjemah 1" Often do the spirits Of great events stride on before the events, Ami in to-day a.ready walks to- morrow. . —Colericge Instantly a great dread seized me. What re velations might not this man be going to make! Bat I subdued the feeling and greet ing him with what cordiality I could, settled myself to listen to his explanations. But Trueman Harwell had no explanations to give, it seemed; on the contrary, he had come to apologise for the very violent words he had used the evening before,; words which, whatever their effect may have been upon me, he now felt bound to declare had been- used without sufficient basis in fact to make their utterance of the least importance, "But," cried I, "you mast have thought you had grounds for so tremendous an accu sation, or your act was that of a madman." His brow wrinkled heavily and his eyes assumed a very gloomy expression. " It does not follow," returned he. "Under the pressure of surprise I have known men utter convictions no better founded than mine without running the risk of being called mad." "Surprise? Mr. Glavering'sface or form must, then, have been known to you. The mere fact of seeing a strange gentleman-in the hall would have been insufficient to cause you astonishment, Mr. Harwell." He uneasily fingered the back of the chair before which he stood, butmade no reply. " Sit down," I again urged, this time with a touch of command in my voice. " This is a serious matter and I intend to deal with it as it deserves. You have said before that if you knew anything which might serve to exonerate Eleanore Leavenworth from the suspicion under which she stands you would be:ready to impart it." " I said," he interrupted coldly, " that if I had known of anything which might serve to release her from her unhappy position I should have spoken." "Donot quibble," I returned. "You do know something, Mr. Harwell, and I ask yon in the came of justice to tell me what it is » ! "You are mistaken," he returned doggedly, " I know nothing. I have reasons, perhaps, for thinking certain things, but my con science will not allow me in cold blood to give utterance to suspicions which may not 1 only damage the reputation of an honest man but place me in the unpleasant position of an accuser without substantial foundation for my accusations." "You are there already," I retorted with equal coldness, "Nothing can make me forget that in my presence you have de nounced Henry Glaveringas the murderer of Mr. Leavenworth. You had better explain yourself, Mr. Harwell." He gave me a short look, but moved around and took the chair. "You have me at a disadvantage," he said in a lighter tone, " If you choose to profit by your position and press me to disclose the little I know, lean only regret the necessity under which I lie, and speak." " Then yon are deterred by conscientious scruples alone 1" . " Yea; and by the meagreaoss of the fact3 at;my command." "I will judge of the facts when I have heard them." He raised his eyes to mine, and I was astonished to observe a strange eagerness in their depths; evidently his oon victions were stronger than his scruples. "Mr. Raymond," he began, "you are a lawyer and undoubtedly a practical man, but you may know what it is to scent dan ger before you see it, to feel influences working in the air over and about you and yet be in ignoranee of what it is that affeots you so powerfully, till chance reveals that an enemy has been at your side, or a friend passed your window, or the shadow of death crossed your book as you read, or miugled with your breath as you slept?" I shook my head, fascinated by the inten sity of his gaze into some sort of response. "Then you cannot understand me or what I have suffered these last three weeks." And he drew bac&with; an icy reserve that seemed to promise but little to my now thoroughly awakened curiosity. "I beg your pardon," I hastened to say, " but the fa*W my never having experienced such senaatioAs does not hinder me from com prehending thq emotions of others more affected by spiflMbi influences than myself." He drew himself alowly forward, "Then you will not ridicule me if I say that upon the eve of Mr. Leavenworth's murder I experienced in a dream all that afterwards occurred—saw him murdered, saw—" and he clasped his hands before him in an attitude inexpressibly convincing, while his voice sank to a horrified whisper, "saw the face of biB murderer i" I started, looked at him in amazement, a thrill as at the touoh of a ghost running through me. "And was that—" I began. "My reason for denouncing the man I beheld before me in the hall of Miss Leaven worth's house last night? It was." And taking out his -handkerchief he wiped his forehead on which the perspiration was stand ing in large drops. "You would then intimate that the face you saw in your dream and the face you saw in the hall last night were the same ?" He gravely nodded his head. I drew my chair nearer to his. " Tell me your dream," said I. "Well," replied he, in a low awe-struck tone, " it was the night before Mr. Leaven worth's murder. I had gone to bed feeling especially contented with myself aud the world at large, for though my life is anything but a happy one," and he heaved a short sigh, " some pleasant words had been said to me that day, and I was revelling in the happiness they had conferred, when suddenly a chill struck my heart, and the darkness which a moment before had appeared to me as the abode of peace thrilled to the sound of a supernatural cry, and I heard my name' True man, Trueman, Trueman,' repeated three times in a voice I did not recognise, and starting from my pillow beheld at my bedside a woman. Her face was strange to me," he went on solemnly, "but I can give you each and every detail of it, as bending above me, she stared into my eyes with a growing terror that seemed to implore help, though her lips were quiet and only the memory of that cry echoed in my ears." " Describe the face," I interposed. " It was a round, fair, lady's face. Very lovely in contour but devoid of coloring; not beautiful, but winning from its childlike look of trust. The hair, banded upon the low broad forehead, was brown; the eyes, which were very far apart, grey; the mouth, which was its most charming feature, delicate of make and vory expressive. There was a dimple in the chin, but none in the cheeks. Itwas a face to be remembered." " Go on," said I. " Meeting the gaze of those imploring eyes. I started up. Instantly the lace and all vanished, and I became consoious, as we do sometimes in dreams, of a certain movement in the hall below, and the next instant the gliding figure of a man of imposing size Entered the library. I remember expe riencing a certain thrill at this, half terror, half curiosity, though I seemed to know as if by intuition what he was going to do. Strange to say, I now Boemed to change my personality and to be no longer a third party watching these proceedings, but Mr. Leaven worth himself, sitting at his library table and feeling his doom crawling upon him without capacity for Bpeech or power of movement to avert it. Though my back was towards the man I could feel his stealthy form traverse the passage, enter the room beyond, pass to that Btand where the pistol was, try the drawer, find it locked, turn the key, procure the pistol, weigh it in an accustomed band, and advance again. I could feel each footstep he took as though his feet were iu truth upon my heart, and I remember staring at the table before me as If I expected every moment to see it run with my own blood. I can see now how the letters I had been writing danced upon the paper before me, t ppearing to my eyes to take the shapes of persons and things long ago forgotten, as I had thought; crowding my last moments with regrets and dead shames, wild longings and unspeakable agonies, through all of whioh that face—the fece of my former dream—mingled, pale, sweet, and searching; while closer and closer behind mo crept that noiseless foot, till I could feel the glare of the assassin's eyes across the narrow threshold separating me from death, and hear the, click of his teeth as he set-hisdips for the final act. Ah," and the secretary's livid face shows the touoh of awful horror," what words can describe such ' an experience as that? In one moment all thc-.agonies of hell in the heart and brain, the next a blank through whioh I seemed to see afar, end as if suddenly removed from all this, a crouching figure looking at its work with starting eyes and pallid, back-drawn lips,.and seeing, recognise no face-that I had ever known, but one so handsome, so remark able, so unique In its formation and character that it would be as easy for me- to mistake the countenance of my father as the look and figure of the man revealed to me in my dream." " And this face," said I in a voice I failed to recognise as my own— Waa-that of htewhomwe sawkave Mary Leavenworth's presence last, night and- go down the hall to thefeont door." lloMoontinmik) 