THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. By ANNA CATHERINE GREEN. BOOK J.— TBE PROBLEif. Chapter XX — ' TnuEMAif ! Tbuemak ! Tkuesiau !' Often do tha spirits Cf sitat events stride on before the event?. And in to- day already walks to-morrow. — Colebisge. Instantly agreatdread seized ma. What re velations mieht not thia man ha cninir tn make ! But I subdued the feeling and greet ing him with what cordiality I coald, settled myself to listen to his explanations. But Trueican Harwell bad no explanations to give, it seemed ; on tha contrary, he ho-i come to apologise for the very violem worcU he had used the evening before; words which, whatever their ctEeci may have beea upon me, he now felt bound to declare had been used wittcu: sufiieieat oaf-is in fact to make their utterance o! tho least importance. 'But,' cried I, 'joumust have thougat jou had grounds for so tremendous an acoa tSjticD, or jour act was thai of & madman,'' His brow wrinkled heavily aud his eyes atcumed a very gloomy expression. 'It doas tot follow,' returned he. ' Under tha pressure cf surprise I have known meu utter ecnvietiota do better founded than tniae without rurmiug the ritk of being called mad.' ' Surprise? Mr, Clavcriog's 1 ace or form must, thes, h&vs; been known to you. Tha mere fact o* seeicg & strange gentleman in the hsll would have been insuifipieatto causeyou astonishment, Mr. Harwell.' He uneasily fingered ths back of the chair before which he stood, hntma&e; no reply. ' Sit down,' I agaiu urged, this timo with a touch of command in my voice ' This is a seriens matter and I intend to deal with it as it deserves. You have eaid before that if you knew an v thing which might serve to exonerate Ekacore Leaven worth from the suspicion under which she stands you would be ready to impart it.' ' I laid,' he interrupted caldly, ' that if I had known of anything which might serve to release ber from her unhappy position I should have spokes.' ' Do net quibble,' I returned, ' You do know scmethirjg, Mr. Harwell, aud I ask jou in the raaie of justice to tell me whai it is ' ' You arc- mistaken.' ne returned doggedly, ' I ki-usr r.&thin;?. I hare reasons, perhaps, for tkiLkibg certain things, but my con science will cot &llot;? rue in cold blood to five uttc races to suspicioaa which may not only asiur.ge tbe reputation of an honest man but p-uce me in the unpleasant position of an accuser without substantial foundation for ray accusation!.' '* You are there already,' I retorted with cqu&l; coldness. 'Nothing can make me Icrpct that in my pretence you have de ccucccd liecry Claveringas the murderer of Mr, Lfavenworth. You had bitter explain yourself, Mr. Harwell.' He gave mo a short lock, but moved arouud acd took the chair. 'Ycu have ma at a disadvantage,' he said in a lighter tone, ' If jcu choose to profit b; your position aud press me to d'ecloge the little I know, I can oaly regret the necessity under which I lie, and speak.' 'Then jou a?e deterrad by conscientious xctuples alone?' ' Yes; and by the mcagreacas of the facts &t; ray command.' ' I will judge of the tacts when I have heard them.' He raised his eyes to mino, and I waa astonished to observe a strange eagerness in their depths ; evidently his oon victions were strosger than his scruples. 'Mr. Baymond,' he began, 'you are a lawyer and undoubtedly a practical mac, but sou may know what it is to scent dan ger before you see it, to feel influences work ing in the air ever and about you and yet be in ignorance of what it is that affects sou eo powerfully, till chance reveals that an enemy has been at your aide, or a friend pasted jour window, or the shadow of death crossed jour bock as you read, or mingled with jour breath as you slept?' I shook my heed, fascinated by the inten. eity of his gezs into some sort of response. 'Then you cannot understand ms or what I have suffered these last three weeks.' And he drew back with an icy reserve that seemed to promise but little to my now thoroughly awakened curiosity. ' I beg your pardon,' I hastened to say. ' but the fact of my never having experienced such sensations does not hinder me from com prehending the emotions of others more affected by spiritual influences than myself.' He drew himself slowly forward. 'Then ycu will not ridicule me if I say that upon tbe eve of Mr. Ueavenworth's murder I experienced in a dream all that afterwards occurred — saw him murdered, saw — ' aud he clasped his heads before him in an attitude iceiprcEsibly convincing, while his voice seek to a horrified whisper, 'saw the face of his murderer !' I started, looked at him in amazement, a thrill as at the touch of a ghost running through me. ' And was that — ' I began. 'My reason for denouncing the man I beheld before me in the hall ot Miss .Leaven worth's house last night? It was.' And taking out his handkerchief he wiped his forehead on which the perspiration was stand ing In large drops. 'You wculd then intimate that the face jcu saw in your dream and the face you say in the hall last eight were the same ?'' He gravely nodded his head. I drew my chair nearer ts his. ' Tell mo 3 cur dream,' eaid I, 'Well,' replied he, in a low awestruck tone, ' it was the eight before Mr. Ueaven worth's murder. I had gone to bed feeling especially contented with myself and the v-crld at large, for thongh my life is anything but a happy dec,' acd he heaved a short sigh, ' some pleasant wcrda had been said to me that day, and I was revelling in the happiness they tad conferred, when suddenly a chill struck my heart, and the darkness which a moment before had appeared to me as iha abode cf peace thrilled to the sound of a supernatural cry, aud I heard my name ' True* m&D;, Trusman, Truem&n;,' repeated three time3 in a voice I did not recognise, and starting f rcm my pillow beheld at my bedside a women. Her face was strange to me,' he went on solemnly, 'bnt I can give you each and every detail i-f it, as bending above me, the stared into ray eyes with a growing terror that ieerntd to implore help, though her Hp3 were quiet and only the memory of that cry echoed in my ears.' ?' Describe the face,' I interposed, ' It was a rcund, fair, ladj's face. Very lovely in contour but devoid of coloring ; not beautiful, but winning from its childlike lock of trust. The hair, banded upon the low broad forehead, was brown; the eyes, which were very far apart, grey ; the mouth, which was its most charming feature, delicate of make and very expressive. There was a dimple in the chin, but none in the cheek?. Itwas a face to be remembered.' ' Go on,' said I. 'Meeting the gaze of those imploring eyes, I started up. Instantly the face and all vanished, and I became conscious, a* we do sometimes in. dreams, of a certain movement in the hall below, and the n*st instant the glictag figure of a man ot imposing eizs entered the library. I remember eipa riencirg a certain thrill at this, half terror half curiosity, though I seemed to kaoj as i£ by intuition »hat be «-«3 going ta da. Siracce to say, I cow seemed to chaa?e my personality ana. to b* no loni^r » thcf.1 J*«r watchitg these proceeainK'. bu; Sir. Leawa WOrtb himself, sitting *t bis library table and feeling Us doom cradling upon bias without capacity for speech or power of movement to avert it. Though my back was to wards the man I could feel his stealthy form traverse the passage, enter the room beyond, pass to that stand where the piftol was, try the drawer, find it locked, tarn the key, procure the pistol, weigh it in an accustomed band, and advance again. I could feel eaoh footstep he tock as though his feet were in tra*h upon my heart, and I remember staving at tie table before me as If I expected every moment to see it ran with my o«n blood. I can see sow how the letters I had been writing danced upon the paper before me, appe&ritg; to my eyes to take the shapes of p noes and things long ago forgotten, ai I bad thor gbt ; crowding my lost moments wl'h recrtts and dead shames, wild longings and oust eatable agonies, through all of which that face— toe face of my former dream— mingled, pie, B»fet, atd searching; while closer aad cVs'- bphicd me crept that noiseless foot, till I conld feel the glare of the assassin's eyes aortas the narrow threshold separating me from -tr&th;, and hear the click of hia teeth aa he &et; his Hp» for the final act. Ah,' and the Mcnta-j's livid face ahoira the touch of »*fu! hirror, ' what words can describe such an experience as that? In one moment all the agonies of hell in the heart and brain, the JM-xt a blank through which I seemed to aee afar, and as if suddenly removed from all this, * eroachiog figure looking at its work with starting eyes and pallid, back-drawn Hpt, and seeing^ recognise do face that I had ever known, bu* one so handsome, so remark able, so un'que in its formation and chsraoter tnat it would be as easy for me to mistake toe countenance of my father as tie look md figure of the man revealed to me in my dream.' ** And fhit face,' said I in a voloe I failed to recognise as my own— 'Was that of him whom we saw leave Mary Leavtn worth's presence last night and go down the hall to the front door.' CHAPTBB XXL— A PaEJTJDICE. True, I talk ol dream*. Which %re the chQdxen of an idle brain, BegOf ol uoibiog bnt rain nhantasy. — BOMEO AND JULIET. For one moment I sat a prey to superstitious horror, tfcen my natural incredulity asserting itself I looked up and remarked— *' Yon say that all this took place the ni;ht previous to that of the actual occurrence?' Be bowtd bis head, 'for a warning,' murnrared he. ' But -on did not seem to take it ax each?' 'No; I am subject to horrible dreams; I thought butlittlb of it in a superstition* way till I looked next day upon Mr. Leaven worth's dead body.' 'I do not ivtttideryou behaved strangely at the inquest ; I shonld have thought you would.' 'Ab, sir;' returned he with a slow, sad smile, 'no one knows what I suffered in my endeavors not to tell tnora than I actually knew, irrespective of mydream, of this murder and the manner of its accomplishment,' 'Yen believe, then,' said I, 'that your dreamf oieshadowed the manner of themorder as well as the fact !' ?? I do.' ' It is a pity it did not go a little farther then, and tell as how the assassin escaped from if not how he entered a noose secured ?s the Leavenworth's was.' Bis face flashed. ' That would have been convenient,' he said, ' also if I had been in formed where Hannah was, aud why a ?stranger and a gentleman should have stooped to the committal of such a crime.' Seeing that he was nettled I dropped my bantering vein,' Why doyousaysstraager?' I asked. ' Are you so well acaualntei with all whs visit that house aa to be able to say who are and who are not strangers to the familj 3' ' I am well acquainted with the faaaa of their friends, Mr. Raymond ; and Henry CJavtriDg is sot amongst the number, bnt ? ' 'Were you ever with Mr. Iieaven worth,' I interrupted, 'when he has bees away from home in the country for instance or upon his travels T ' ' Ho,' Use secretary returned conatra'aedly. 'Yet I suppose he was in the habit of ab senting himself from home ?' 'Certainly.' 'Can you tell me where he wai last July, he Md the ladies?' ' Yes, sir ; they went to B ? , if you mean that; spent some time there. The famous watering-place you know. Ah,' ho cried, seeing a change in my face, ' do you think he could have met them there?' I looked at him for a moment, then rising in my turn, stood level with him, and ex claimed — 'You sre keeping something back, Mr, Haraeli ; you have more knowledge of this man than jou have hitherto given me to ratfewtend. What is it?' He seemed a&tonuhed; at my penetration, bnt replied, ' I know no more ot the man than I have already informed you, bat' — and a burning flush crossed his fuse — *' if you are dttemised to pursue this matter' — and he paused with an erqairing look, 'I am determined to find out all I can about HcDty Clavering,' I returned. He lifted his head with a quick gesture. ' Then,' said he, 'I can tell you this much. Henry Clavering wrote a letter to Mr. Iieavenworth a few days before the Knrder, that I have some reason to believe produced a narked effect upon the household.' And folding his arms the secretary stood quietly waiting for my next question. ' How do you know?' asked I. 'I opened it by mistake. I was in the habit of reading Mr. Iieavecworth'fl business Utters, and this being from one unaccustomed to write to him lacked the mark which usually distinguished those ot a private nature.' ' And you saw the name of Cla-rering V ' I did— Henry Ritchie Claveriu£.' 'Did you read the letter?' I was trem blirg now. The secretary did not reply. 'Mr. Harwell.' I reiterated, 'this is no time for false delicacy. Did you read that letter?' 'I did ; but hastily and with an agitated conscience.' ''You can, however, recall its general drift?' ' It was some complaint in regard to the treatment received by him at the hand of one Of Mr. Leaveaworth's nieces, I remember notbiog more.' ' Which rjece?' ' There were no names mentioned.' ' But jou inferred ? ' ' No, sir ; that is just what I did not do. I forced soyeelf to forget the whole thing.' ' And yet you say that it produced an effect upon the famfly?' ' I can see now that it did. None of them bave ever appeared quite the same towards each other as before.' 'Mr. Harwell,'' I now said, 'when yon were questioned as to the receipt of any letter by Mr. Iieavenworth which might seem in acy manner to be connected with this tragedy yon ritaied having seen any such : how was that?' 'Mr. Raymond,' he returned, 'you are a gentleman — have a chivalrous regard for the ladies. Do you think that you could have brought yourself (even if in your secret heart you considered some such result possible, which Ism not ready to sayl did) tomentfonat such a time as that the receipt of a letter com plaining of the treatment received from one of Mr. Leavenworth's nieces as a auspicious circumstance worthy to be taken into account by a coroner's jury V I shook my head. I could not but acknow ledge the impossibility. ' What reason had I for thinking thatletter was one of importance ? I knew no Henry Bitchie Clavering.' 'And yet you seemed to thiok it was,' I murmured. 'I remember you hesitated before replying.' ' It is true, but not as I should hesitate now, if the question were put to me again.' Silence followed these words, during which I took two or three taxni up and down tbe room. ' Xhis is all very fanciful,' I said, laughing in the vain endeavor to throw off tbe super stitious horror that unaccountably to myself etlll bung about me. He bent his head in assent. ' I koo v it,' aid he. ' I am practical myself in broad daylight, and recognise the flinuinen of an accusation based upon a poor, hardwork leg secretary's dream as plainly as you do. That is the reason I desired to keep from speakiDg at all. Dreams are not things with which to confront a man in a court of justice ; but, Mr. Raymond,'' and his long thin hand tell upon my arm with a nervous intensity which gave me almost the sensation of an electrical shock, 'if the murderer of Mr. Leavenworth is ever brought to confess his deed, mark my words he mil prove to be the man of my dream.' I drew a long breath. For a moment his belief was mine ; and a mingled sensation of relief and exquisite pain swept over me aa I thought of the possibility at Eieanore beiog exonerated from crime only to be plunged into fresh humiliation and deeper abytses of suffering. 'He ktalks the streets in free3omnov,'the secretary went on as if to himself; 'even dares to enter the house he hw so woefully desecrated ; bat justice is jastioe, and sooner or later something will transpire which will prove to you that a premonition so wonderful as that I received had its significance; that the voice calling 'Trueman, Trusmau,' was something more than the empty utterance* of an excited brain; that it was justice itself, calling attention to the gui«y.» ^ I looked at him in wonder. Did he know that the officers of justice were already upon the track of this same Claverinz? I indjiert not h om his look, but felt an inclination to make an effort asd see. 'You a^eak with strange conviction,' I ?aid ; 'but in all probability you are doomed to be disappointed. So far as we know, Mr, Clavering is a respectable man.' He lifted his bat from the table. 'I do not propose to denounce him ; I do not even propose to speak his name agatn. I am not a fool, Mr. Baymond. X have spoken thus plainly to you only in explanation of last night's most unfortunate betrayal ; and while I trust that yon will regard what I have told you as confidential, X also hope that yon will give me credit for behaving on the whole as well as could be expected under the circum stances.' And he held out his hand. 'Certainly,' I replied as I took it. Then with a sudden impulse to teat the accuracy of this story of his 'enquired if he had any means of verifying bis statement of having had this dream at the time spoken of, that is before the murder and not afterwards. 'So, sir; I know myself that I had it tbe sight previous to that of Mr. Leaven worth's death ; bnt I cannot prove the fact.' 'Did not speak of it next morning to any one?' ' Oh, no, sir ; I was scarcely in a position to do so.' 'Yet it must have had a great effect upon you, unSttiog you for work—' 'Nothing unfits me for work,' hs mur mured bitterly, 'Ibelievetbatis so,' I returned, remem bering his diligence for the last few days. 'But you must at least bave shown some traces of having passed an uncomfort able night, if ao more. Have you, then, so recollection of any one speaking to you in regard to your appearance the next morn ing?' 'Mr. Leavenworth may have done so; no one else would have been likely to have noticed,' he returned halt sadly. 'Mr. Harwell,' I now said, 'I shall not be at the house to-night, nor do I know when I shall return there. Personal considerations keep me from Miss Leavenworth's presence for a time, and I look to you to carry on the woik we have undertaken without my assis tar ce unless you can bring it here—' 'I can do that.' ' I shall expect tod, then, tomorrow even i»g.' ?' Very veil, sir f and be was going, when a sudden thought seemed to strike him. 'Sir,9 he said, aswe do notwish toreturn tothit sub- ject again,' and as I have a natural curiosity in regard to the man whose countenance and figure are so well known to me while yet he retains bis title of utter stranger, would yon object to telling me what you know of hunt You believe him to be a respectable man ; are you acquainted with him, Mr, Baymond?' ' I know hie name and where he resides.' 'And where is that?' ' In London. He is an Englishman.' ' Ah !' be murmured with a strange intona tion. ' Why do you say that?' He bit bis lip, looked down, then up, finally fixed his eyes on mine and returned with marked emphasis — 'I used an exclamation, sir, Because I was startled,' 'Startled?' ' Yea ; you say be is an Englishman. Mr. Leavenworth had the most bitter antagonism to the English. It was one of his marked peculiarities. He would never be introduced to one if he could help it.' It was my turn to look thoughtful. 'You know,' the secretary continued, 'that Mr. Leaven worth was a man who carried bis prejudloes to the extreme. He had a hatred for the English race that almost amounted to mania. If he had known that letter he received was from an Englishman I donbt if he would have read it He used to say that he would sooner see a daughter of his dead before him than married to an Englishman,' I turned hastily aside to hide the effact which this announcement made upon me. 'You think I am exaggerating,' he said; ' ask Mr. Vceley.' ' No,' I replied, ' I have no reason for thinking so.' 'He had doubtless some cause for hattna the English, with which we are unacquainted,' pursued the secretary. 'He spent some time in Liverpool when young, and had of course many opportunities for studying their manners and character.' And the aearetary made another movement as if to leave. But it was my turn to detain him now. 'Mr. Harwell, excuse me,' I said, ' but you bave been on familiar terms with Mr. Leaven worth for so long— do you think that in the case of one of his nieces, say, desiring to marry a gentleman of that nationality, that bis prejudice was sufficient to cause him to abso lutely fotbid the match?' 'I do.' I moved back. I had learned what I wished, and saw do further reason for prolonging the interview. CHAPIEB XXIL— PATCHWOaK. Come, given* a tuts of your quality.— Hamlet. Starting with the assumption that Mr. Clavering in his conversation of the morning had been giving me with more or less accuracy a detaileo acoount of his own experience and position regarding Eieanore Leavenworth, I asked myself what particular facts it would be necessary tor me to establish in order to prove tbe truth ot this assumption, and found them to be— I. That Mr. Clavering bad not only been in this country at the time designated, viz., last July, bat that he had been located for some little time at a watering-place in New York state. II. That this watering- place should corres pond to that in which Miss Eieanore Leaven worth was to be found at the same time. HI. That they had been seen while thereto hold more or less communication together. IV. That they had both been absent from town at some one time, long enough to have gone through the ceremony of marriage at a point twenty miles or so away. V. That a Methodist clergyman, who has since died, lived at that time within a radius of twenty miles of said watering- place. I next asked myself bow I was to establish these facts. Mr. Clavering's life was as yet too little known to me to offer me any assis tance ; so leaving it for the present, I took up the thread of Eleanore's history when upon tracing it back to the time given me, I found that she was known to have been in K— , a fashionable watering-place in this State, Bat it she was there, and my theory was correct, he must have been there also. To ascertain whether this was so therefore became my first business. I resolved to go to B ? on the morrow. But before proceeding in an undertaking of such importance I considered it expedient to make such enquiries and collect such facts as it should be possible for me to do in the few hours that lay before me. I went first to the house of Mr. Gryce. I found him lying upon a hard sofa in the bare aitting-room I have before mentioned, suffering front a severe attack of rheumatism, with bis hands done np in bandages and his feet encased in multiplied folds of a dingy red shawl that looked as if it had been through the wars. Greeting me with a short nod that was both a welcome and an apology, he devoted a few words to aa explanation of bis unwonted position, and then without further preliminaries rushed into the subject that was uppermost in both our nuadsby enquiring in a slightly sarcastic way it I was very much surprised to find my bird fl. swn when I returned to the Hoffman House that afternoon. ' I was astonished to find that yon allowed him to fly at this time,' replied X, 'From the mancer in which yon xeqaested me to make his acquaintance I supposed that you bad reasons for considering him an important character in the tragedy which has juit been enacted.1' 'Asdwhatmakesyouthinklhadnt? Oh, the fact that I let him go off so easily? That's bo proof. One does not put on the brakes till one is going down hill. But let that past for the present. Mr. Clayerine, then, didnot explain himself before going V 'That iss question,' I returned, after due thought, ' which I find it exceedingly difficult to a&bwer.; Constrained by drcumstanoes, I cannot at present speak with the directness which is jour due, but what I can say I will. Enow then, that in my opinion, Mr. Clavering did explain hiuueif in an interview with me this morning. But it was done in so blind a way, that it will be necessary for me to make a few investiga tions before I shall feel sufficintly sure ot my ground to take you into my confidence. He has given me a possible due ? ' ' Wait,' said Mr. Gryce ; 'does he know this ? Was it done intentionally and with sinister SBOtive, or unconsciously and in plain good faith ?' ' In good faith, I should say. For all I know he is a man ot untarnished reputation. I am not even aware for what purpose you put me upon his trail. I only know that m thus following it I havjp come upon certain facts that seem worthy of ecqoiry.' 'Well, well,' said be, 'you know bsst. But the days are slipping by. Something must be done and soon. The public are becoming clamorous.' 'I know it, and for that reason I have come to you for such assistance as yoa can Cive me at this stage of the proceedings. You are in possession of certain facts relating ?bis man which it concerns me to kao#, or jour conduct in reference to hiiahM been purposeless. Now, frankly, will you make me master of those facts ; in short, tell me all you know of Mr. Olavering without requiring an immediate return of confidence on my part?' 'That is asking a great deal of a profes sional detective.' 'I know it, and under any other clrcum- stances should hesitate long before preferring snob, a request ; but as things are I don't see bow I am to prooeel in tbe matter without some cuch concession on your part. At all events— — ' 'Wait a moment! Is not Mr. Claveriog the lover of one of the jounglnaies?' A&xtaa;* as I was to preserve the sesret of my interest in that gentleman, I could not prevent tbe blush from rising to my face at the suddenness of this question, 'I thought as much,' he went on, 'Being neither a relative nor acknowledged friend I tookit for granted that he must occupy some such position as that in tbe family.' ' I do cot «ee why yon should draw such an inference,' said X anxious to determine bow much he knew about him. 'Mr. Clavering is a stranger in to«m : has not even been in this country long ; has indeed had no time to establish himself upon any such footing as you intimate.' 'Tbfs is not the only time Mr. Clavering has been is New York. He was here a year ago to my certain knowledge.' 'You know that V ' Yes.' 'How much more do you know? Can it be possible that I am groping blindly about for facts which arealready in your possession ? I fray you listen to my entreaties, Mr. Gryce, and acquaint me at once with what I want to know. You will not regret it. I have no selfish motive in this matter. If I succeed, the glory shall be yours; if I fail, the shame of the defeat shall be mine.' 'That is fair,' he muttered. 'Aad how about the reward ?' ' My reward will ba to free an 'Linnooenlt weman from the imputation of crime which hangs over hit.' This assurance seemed to satisfy him. His voice aiid appearance changed ; for a moment he looked quite confidential. ' Well, well,' said be, 'and what is it you want to know?' ' I would first learn how yonr suspicions came to light on him at alL What reason had you for thinking a gentleman of his beuiiig and position was in any way con netted with the affair?' ' That is a question yon ought not to be obliged to put,' he returned. 'How so ?' 'Simply because the opportunity of answer ing it was in your hands before ever it came into mine.' ' What do you mean V ' Don't you remember the letter mailed in your presence by Miss Mary Leavenworth during year drive from her borne to that of her friend in Thirty ?seventh-»treet?' ' On the afternoon of the inquest ?' 'Yes.' 'Certainly, but ? ' ' You never thought to look at its super scription before it was dropped into the box?' ' I bad neither opportunity nor right to do so.' ?? Was it not written in your presence!?'' ' It was.' 'And you never regarded the affair as worth your attention ?' 'Whatever I may bave regarded it I did not see bow if Mi w Leaven worth chose to drop a letter into a box with ber own hands I could in any way prevent her.' 'That is because you are a gentleman. Well, it has its disadvantages,' he muttered brootiiogly. 'But you,' said I; 'how came you to know of it? Ab, I see,' remembering that tbe carriage in which we were riding at the time had been procured for us bj him. ' Tbe man on the box was in your pay and informed, as you call it.' Mr. Grjce winked at his muffled toes mys teriously. 'That is not to the point,' he said. 'Enough that I heard that a letter which might reasonably prove to be of some interest to me was dropped at such an hour into tbe box on the corner of a certain street. That, coinciding in the opinion of my infor msnt, I telegraphed to the station connected with that box to take note of the address of a suspicious-looking letter about to pass through thrir bands on the way to the General Post Office, arid followiog up the telegram In person, found that a carious epistle addressed in lead pencil and sealed with a stamp had just arrived, the address of which I was allowed to see ? ' 'And which was?' 'Henry B. Clavering, Hoffman House, N6W York.' I drewa deep breath. 'And so that Is how yonr attention first came to be directed to this man?' 'Yes.' ' Strange, But go on— what next ?' 'Why, next I followed up the clue, of oonrse, by going to the Hoffman House and instituting enquiries. I learned that Mr. Clavering was a regular guest of the hotel. That be had come thdr direct from the Liverpool ateatner about three months since, and registering his name as Henry K, Clavericg, Esq., LondoD, had engaged a first class room, which he had kept ever since. That although nothing definite was knoara concerning him, he had been seen with various highly respectable people, both of his own nation and ours, by ail of whom he was treated with respect. And lastly, that while not liberal, he jhad given many evidences of being a man of means. So much done, I entered the office and waited for him to come in, in the hopes of having an opportunity to observe bis manner when the clerk handed him that strange- looking letter from Mary Leavenworih.' 'And did yon succeed ?' No; an awkward gawk of a fellow stepped between us just at tbe critical moment, and I missed seeing what I wanted to. But I heard enough that evening from the clerk and servants of the agitation which had been observed In him ever since be received it, to convince me I was upon a trail worth follow ing. I accordingly put on my men, and for two days Mr. Clavering was subjected to the most ripid watch a man ever walked under. But nothing was gained by it ; his interest in the x&wder;, if interest at all, was a secret one, and though he walked the streets, studied the papers, and haunted the vicinity of the house in Fifth- avenue, he only rcfr aired from actually approaching it, but made no attempt to communicate with any of the family. Meanwhile you crossed my path, snd with your determination incited me to renewed effort. Convinced from Mr. Claver ieg's bearing and the gossip I had by this time gathered in regard to him, that no one short of a gentleman and a friend could succeed in getting at the clue of his connec tion with this family, I handed him over to you and ? ' ' Foutd me rather an unmanageable col league.' Mr. Grjce smiled very much as he might bave done if a sour plum had been put in his mouth, but made no reply ; and a momentary pause ensced. 'Did you not think to enquire,' I asked at last, 'if any one knew where Mr. Clavering bad spent the evening of the murder ?' 'Yes ; but with no good result. That he was out during the evening, they all agreed upon ; also that he was in his bed in the morning when the eervant came in to make bis fire ; but farther than this no one seemed to know.' ' So that in fact you gleaned nothing that would in any way connect this man with the murder, except his marked and agitated in terest in it, and the fact that a niece of the murdered man had written a letter to aim?' 'That is all ' 'Another question ; did you hear in what manner and what time he procured a news paper that evening ?' 'Ho; I only learned that be was observed by more than one to hasten out of the dining room with the Post in his hand and go im mediately to bis room without touching his dirner.' ' Humph ! that does not look ? ' 'It Mr. Clavering had had a guilty know ledge of the crime he would either never have ordered dinner before opening the paper, or having ordered it, he would have eaten it.' 'Then you do not believe what you: have learned, that Mr. Clavering n the guilty Mr. Gryce shifted uneasily, glanced at the papers protruding from my coat pocket and exclaimed, ' I am ready to be convinced from what you bave learned, that be is.' That sentence recalled me to the butiness in hand. Without appearing to notice the look he bad given me I recurred to my questions. 'How came you to know that Mr. Olaver ing was in this city last summer? Did yoa leant that too at the Hoffman House?' ' No. I ascertained that in quite another way. In short, I have had a communication frcm London in regard to the matter.' ' From London ?' 'Yes. I've a friend there in my own line of busicets who sometimes assists me with a bit of information when requested.' 'But bow? You bave not had time to write to London and receive an answer since tbe murder.' ' It is not necessary to write. It is enough for me to telegraph him the name of a person for him to understand that I want to koo* everything he can gather in a reasonable length of time about that person.' 'And you sent the name of Mr. Clavering to him?' ' Yes, In cipher.' 'And bave received a reply?' 'This morning.' I looked towards his desk. 'It is not there,' he said, 'if you will be tind enough to feel in my breast pocket you 9 ill find a letter ? ' It was in my hand before he hid finished his sentence. 'Excuse my eagerness,' I taid. 'This kind of business is new to ore, you know.' He smiled indulgently at a very oli and faded picture that hnng on the wall before him. 'EaperDess is not a fault, only the betrayal of it. But read out what yoa have there. Let us bear what my friend Bro-vn has to tell us of Mr. Senry Ritchie Oiavering, of Portland Place, London.' I tock the paper to the light and read as follows :— Henry Ritchie Ciavering, gentleman, aged 43\. Bern in — — , Hertfordshire, England, His father was Charles CUvering, for a short time in the army. Mother ftta Helen Bitchie, of Dumfriesshire, Scotland; she Li still living. Borne with H. B. C. in Pwilacd Place, JLo&dcs.; H. R, C. Is a bachelor, 6 feet high, squarely built, weight about 12 stone. Dark complexion, regular features. Eyes dark brows; bom straight Called a handsome man ; walks erect and rapidly. In society is considered a good fellow; rather a favorite, espeolaTIy with ladies. Is liberal, not extravagant; reported to be worth about £5,000 per year, and appearances give color to this statement. Property consists of a small estate in Hert fordshire, and some funds, amount not known. Since writing this much, a corres pondsnt sends the following in regard to Us history :— In '46 went from uncle's house to Eton. From Eton went to Oxford, gradua ting in '56. Scholarship good. In 1855 his uncle died and his father succeeded to the estates. Father died in '57 by a fall from bis horse or a similar accident. Within a very short time H. B. O. took his mother to London, to the residence named, where they have lived to present time. Travelled considerably in 1860; part of the time was with ? , of Munich; also in party of Vandervortf, from New York; went as far east as Cairo. Went to America in 1S75 elcne, but »t end of three months re tnrred on account of mother's illness. Nothing is known of his movements while in America. From servants, learn that he was always a favorite from a boy. More recently has be come somewhat tactiturn. Towards but ot his stay, watched the post carefully, espe cially foreign ones. Posted scarcely any thing but newspapers. Has written to Munich. Have seen from waste-paper basket torn envelope directed to Amy Belden, no address. American correspondents mostly in Boston; two in New York. Names not known, but supposed to be bankers. Brought home considerable luggage and fitted up part of house as for lady. This was closed soon afterwards. Left for America two months since. Has been, I understand, travelling in the sc-nth. Has telegraphed twice to Port land Place. His friends hear from him but rarely. Letters received recently, posted in New York. One by last steamer posted in F ? , N.Y. Business here conducted by ? . In the country, ? of ? has charge of the pro* perty, — Bbotto.' The document fell from my hands. F— N. Y., was a small town near B— — 'Your friend is a trump,' I declared, 'He tells me just what I wanted mort; to know.' And taking cut my book I made a memo randa of the facts which had most forcibly struck me during my perusal of the com munication before me. ' With the aid of what he tells me,' I cried, 'I shall ferret out the mystery of Henry Clavering in a week ; see if I do not.' 'And bow soon,' enquired Mr. Gryce, 'may I expect to be allowed to take a hand in the game?' ' As soon as I am reasonably assured that I am upon the right task.' 'And what will it take to assure you of that?' ' Not much; a certain polntsettled and ? ' 'Hold on; who knows but what I can do that for you V And looking towards the desk which stood in the corner, Mr. Giyoe asked me it I would open the top drawer and bring him the bits of partly burned paper which I would find there. Hastily complying, I brought three or f oar strips of ragged paper and laid them on the table at his side. 'Another result of Fobbs's researches under the coal on the first day of the inquest,' shortly exclaimed Mr. Gryce. ' You thought the key was all he found. Well, it wasn't. A second turning over of the coal brought thess to light, and very interesting are they too.' I immediately bent over the torn and dis colored scraps mth great anxiety. They were four in number, and appeared at first glance to be the mere remnants of a sheet of com mon writing-paper, torn length wise into Btrips and twisted up into lighters ; but upon closer inspection they showed traces of writing upon one side, and what was more important still, the presence of one or more drops of spattered blood. Tois latter dis covery was horrible to me, and so over came me for the moment that I pat the scraps down, and turning towards Mr. Gryce enquired — ' What do you make of them ?' * ' That is just what I was about to enquire of yon.' Swallowing my dizgust I took them up again. '* They appear to be the remnants of some old letter,' said I. 'They have that appearance,' Mr. Gryce returned, a little grimly. 'A letter which from the drop of blood observable on the written side, must have been ljiog face up on Mr. Lsaven worth's table at the time of the murder ? ' 'Just so.' ' And from the uniformity in width of each of these pieces, as well as their tendency to curl up when loft alone, been first torn into even strips, and then severally rolled up, bef ere being tossed into the grate where they were afterwards found.' 'That is all good,' said Mr. Gryce; 'go on.' ' The writing, in as far as it is discernible, is thai of a cultivated gentleman ; it is not that of Mr. Leitvena-ortb, for I have studied his ihirogr&pby; too mnchiatelr not to know it at a glance ; but it may be — Hold !' I suddenly exclaimed, ' bave you any mucillage handy ? I think that if I could paste these strips down upon a piece of paper, so that they would remain flat, I should be able to tell yon what I think of them much more easily.' ' Thete is mucillage on the desk,' replied Mr. Gryce. Procuring it, I proceeded to consult the scraps once more for evidence to guide me in their arrangement These were more marked than I expected ; the longer and best pre served strip with its 'Mr. Hor' at the top, showing itself at first blush to be the left hand margin of the letter, while the machine cut edge of the next in length presented tokens full as conclusive of its being the right- hand margin of the same. Selecting, these, then, I pasted them down on a piece of paper at just the distance the would oscupy if the sheet from which they were torn was of the ordinary commercial note size. Imme diately it becameapparent, first, that it would taketwo other Btripsof thesame width to fill np the spsce left between them ; and secondly, that the writing did not terminate at the foot of the sheet, but was carried on to another page. Taking up the third strip I looked at its edge; it was machine-out at the top and showed by the arrangement of its words that it was the margin strip of a second leaf. Pasting that down then by itself, I eerutinissd the fourth, and finding it also machine-cat at the top, but not on the side, endeavored to fit it to the piece already pasted down, but the words would not match. Moving it along then to the position which it would hold if it were the third strip, I fastened it down ; the whole presenting when completed, the appearance a* seen below— THE FIRST LEAF. a Meet umotn wo f cne /-%- ?ui/ic ace* vte wve aix/ &at; wu. cmei man ca -ia&j;£i/, tc c/al» 6 trie m fezee f&f; ; tcewtvi - aa&on; . veiu 4c4e txcs/i&CH; \--y a* one Uj cftai fataet ad de -* a AaCte ^f ttam/i/in \f one 4&M; Aeaif a THE SECOND 1EAF, /lexei a atice. \--y$ f dsdeue 'Well!' exclaimed Mr. Gryce, 'that's business' Then as I held it up before hi* fjes. 'But dont show It to me. Study it jonrgflf, and tell me what you think of it' 'Well,' said I, 'this much is certain, tba* it is a letter directed to Mr. Laavenworth frcm some house, and dated— let's see, that is an h, isn't it V And I pointed to the one letter just discernible on tbe line under tbr word home. ' I should think so, but dont a* me.' 'It must be an' A. The year is 1875, and this It sot tbe termination of either January or February. Dated then,- March 1, 1816, and signed ? ' Mr. Gryce rolled his eyes in anticipatory ecstasy towards the ceiling. 'By Henry Clavering, I announced, with out hesitation, Mr. Grace's eyes returned to his swathed finger-ends. 'Humph! bow 'do you know that?' ' Wait a moment and I will showyou f and taking out of my pocket the card which Mr. Clavering bad banded me as an introduction at our late interview, I laid it underneath the last line of writing on the second page. One glance was sufficient. Henry Ritchie Claver ing on the card; H ? chie— in tbe same handwriting on the letter. 'CUvering it is,' said he, ' without a donbt.' But I saw he was not surprised. 'And now,' continued L 'fer its general tenor and meaning.' And commencing a tbe beginning I read aloud the words as they came, with pauses at the breaks something as follows:—' Mr. Hor — Dear — a niece whom yo — one too who aee — the love and tons — any other man ca — autiful, so char— s ene in fane f o ? conversation. ery rose has its ? rose is no exception ? ely as sbe is, char — tender as she is, t ? pable of tramplln ? one who trusted — heart ?? him to — 'he owes a ? honor— ance. If- ? 1 believe ? her to — cruel — — face, ? what is ? ble serv^ ? yours H ? tchie ' It reads like a complaint . against one of Mr. Leavenworth's meoes,' I said, aud started at my own words. 'Wbatis it?' cried Mr. Gsyce; 'what is the matter?' 'Why,' said I, 'the fact is I bave heard this very letter spoken of. It is a complaint against one of Mr. Leavenworth's nieces, and was writen by Mr. Clavering.' And I told him of Mr. Harwell's commoniaation in regard to tbe matter. 'Ah 1 then Mr. Harwell has been talking, has he ? I thought be was sworn off from 'Mr. Harwell and I have seen each other almost daily for the last two weeks,' replied I ; 'it would be strange if be had nothing to tell me.' ' And be says that be baa read a letter written to Mr. Leavenworth by Mr. Ciaver ing?' ' Yes ; but whose particular words he has not forgotten.' ' These few here may assist him in recalling the rest.' ' I would rather not admit him to a know ledge ot the exiaten.ee of this piece of evi dence. I don't believe in letting any one into our confidence whom it is possible to keep out.' 'I see yon don't,' dryly responded Mr. Grjce. Not appearing to notice the fling conveyed by these words, I took up the letter once more and began pointing out such half -formed words in it as I thought we might venture to complete, as the Hor—, yo— , see — utif ul ? , char , for — — , tramplin — — , This done I next proposed the introduction of such others as seemed necessary to the sense, as Leavenworth after Boratio; Sir after Dear i have with a possible you before arnUce ; thorn after Us in the phrase rose has ttt; on after trampling : whom after to ; debt Biter a; you, alter If; me ask after be lieve ; beautiful stter cruel. Between the columns ot words thus fur nished I interposed a phrase or two, here aud there, the whole reading when done as fol lows :— ? House, March 1st, 1S76. Mr. Horatio Leavenworth Dear Sir: (Yon) bave a niece whom you one too who seems worthy the love and trust oi any other man ca so beautiful, so charming is she in face form and conversation. Bat every rose has its thorn aud (this) rose ii no exception lovely as she is, char xning (as she b) tender as she is, sbe is capable of trampling on one who trusted her heart a him to whom she owes a debt of honor a ance If you don't believe me ask her to her cruel beautiful face what is (her) bumble servant yours : Henby Ritchie Claveking. 'I think that will do,' said Mr. Grjce. ' we have got the general tenor of it, and that is all we want at this time.' ' The whole tone of it is anyth'ng bnt com plimentary to the lady it inveighs against,' I returned. ' He must have had, or imagined he had, some desperate grievance, to provoke hfan to the use of such plain language in re gard to one he can still characterise as tender, charming, beautiful.' ' Grievancesare apt to lie back of mysterious crimes.' ' I think I know what this one was,' I said ; ' but — ' seeing him look up, ' must decline to communicate my suspicion to you for the present. My theory stands unshaken and in some degree confirmed, and that is all I can say.' ' Then this letter does not supply the link you wanted?' ' No ; it is a valuable bit of evidence, but it is not the link I am in search of just cow.' 'Yet it must be an important clue, or Eieanore Leave&worth; would not have been to snch pains, first, to take it in the way she did from her uncle's table, and secondly ? ' ' Wait,' I said ; ' what makes you think this is the paper she took or was believed to bave taken from Mr. Leavenworth's table on that fatal morning ?' 'Why, the fact that it was found together with the key, which we know Bhe dropped into the grate, and that there are drops of blood on it.' I shook my head ; she had told me the paper wbich she had taken at they time was destroyed, though to be sure she might have so consider it. ' Why do jou shake your head ?' aiked Mr. Gryce. 'Because I am not satisfied with your reason for believing this to be the paper taken by ber from Mr. Leavenworth's table,' 'And why?' 'Well,' said I, 'first, because Fobbj does not speak of seeing any paper in her hand when she bent over the fire, leaving us to con clude that these pieces were in the scuttle of coal she threw upon it, when surely, yon must acknowledge to be a strange place for her to bave put a paper she took such pains to gain possession of, and secondly, for the reason that these scraps were twisted as if they bad been used for curl papers or something of that kind ; a fact bard to explain by your hypothesis.' The detective's eye stole in the direction of my necktie, which was as near as he ever came to a face, with an expression of great interest. 'Yon are a bright one,' aaid be, 'a very brlghtjone ; I quite admire you, Mr. Baymond.' A little surprised, and anot altogether pleased with this unexpected compliment, I regarded him doubtfully for a moment and theuatked — 'What is your opinion ve on the matter?' ' Oh, you know I have no opinion. I gave up every thing of that kind when I put the affair into your hands.' 'Still ? ' 'That the letter of which these scraps are the remnant, was onMr. Leavenworth'a table at the time of the murder is believed. That upon the body be ing removed a paper was taken from the table by Miss Eleanors Leavenworth is also believed. That when she found ber action bad been noticed and atten tion called to this paper and the key, sbe resorted to subterfuge in order to escape the vigilance of tbe watch that had been set over ber, and partially succeeding in her endeavor, flung tbe key into the fire from which these same scraps were afterwards recovered, Is alao known. The conclusion I leave to your judgment.' ' Very well then,' said I, rising, 'we will let conclusions go for the present My mind must be settled in regard to the truth or falsity of a certain theory ot mine in order that my judgment may be worth much on this or any matter connected with the affair.' And ocly waiting to get the address of bis subordinate, Q,in case I should need assis tance in my investigations I left Mr. Gryce and proceeded to tbe bouse of Mr. Yeeley. {To be continued.) 