SOME AUSTRALIAN BELIEFS.* Mr. A, W. Howitt, to whose research is due BO much of our knowledge of the beliefs and customs of the Australian aboriginals, has in a paper sent bj him to the Anthropological Institute, and here republished, put on record much valuable information that will be important for future reference., He ex plains that the beliefs he gives were held by certain tribes which once occupied a large part of South-eastern Australia, and that he has derived his information from many conversations with those tribesmen who still remain. Mr. Howitt shows the same discerning caution in receiving statements of native lore as in exploring a doubtful geo logical formation, and the reader of his com pilations feels himself secure from the danger of having some ingenious hoax of an inven tive, grog-loving warrior presented to him as genuine, unadulterated, native mythology. With respect to the physical universe, we learn that the tribes held the belief that the earth is a flat surface, surmounted by a solid vault-the sky-and some of them believed that beyond the sky there was a country in habited by spirits and ghosts. The human individual was believed to have within him a spirit which could leave the body during sleep, and could confer with other disem bodied spirits. After death this spirit became a ghost, and had an existence of which various ideas were entertained. This part of Mr. Howitt'a inquiries goes to supply corroborative evidence to the theory of Mr. Herbert Spencer as to the origin of ideas of the supernatural in the lower races. Though the ghosts sometimes wandered in their accustomed banting-grounds, their ?Some Auitt&Ura.; Belief*. "By A. W. Howitt. London: ffarriwui andfloM. peculiar home was the trans-celestial country. The Supreme Spirit, in whom the tribes variously believed as a benevolent or malevo lent being, seems, to Mr. Howitt, to represent the defuuct and deified head man of the tribe. He explains the connexion of the wizard class with ghost-land, and thinks that though there was a good deal of deceit practised by these people, they were also much self deceived. Mr. Howitt makes the apt remark that it is surprising to note the resemblance of these primitive Australian beliefs with those handed down by the records of ancient people, and to some still current in the folk lore of Europe. They have been common to both Aryan and Semitic people, and, indeed, it is hardly too much to 6ay that wherever we find a race in this Btage of development^ its beliefs have a strong resemblance to these. And Mr. Howitt ends with the suggestive re mark " The significance of these Australian be liefs seems to me to be heightened when we [ reflect that in them we may have conceptions formed by primitive savage man, striung to explain to himself natural phenomena of which he became aware within and without himself, and that these beliefs have then been handed to us by tribes which for ages have been cut ofl' from contact with more rapidly advancing races ; or it may be that we nave here the independent origin of ideas which seem to me to be capable, under favourable circumstances, of developing into as com plete religions systems as the world has ever seen." 