notes at the qargood banquet Tuo nail of j'arhstuent House is the beat' placo in Melbourne for sound, tho h&Qd-omcst; in Molboutoo when deoorated ni it waa last night, and tho meat fitted for a publio baoquet of tbo digoificd order. isnt tho banquet /'<r to bo of the dignified order. Joviality would bo entirely but of placo in lhat stately chamber, and tbo man who oi.uld sicg a lively song ia Farliutuont Hall wtuld probably not object to play sklttloo id a cemetery, They wrro all very dignified, indeed, lait night, and nobody attempted to raise tho ghost of n joka during the whole cycling, oxotpt Mr M'Coll, and ho did nut kuow it was a joke. It con- sikted of n running fire of extra audiblo com ments on Iho last half-dozen tpeeohr, Thero was h Jar go and really representative company present, and thoy all enjoyed thom selves mightily. Tho dinner was capital, tho dccoratiota tastoful, tho electric light avast iracctK»t and 1ho servico perfoefc. On the whole tho prechifylug weu not vBvy good, excepting that of Captain Jorvois, whose well chosen words and inagoificcut voico mado an extraordinary impression. Ho hod quito as many cheers on bis own account when he sat down as on that of bin diitinguistisd father, for whom ho roturnod thanks, and ho mado the hit of tbo evening. The Miofetor of Dofonco spoko nicely, but had naturally little to say, as the to&atoftho; ovening was confided to tboMinietor of "Works, who rando a mess 0! it. QMr Doakin was not in good form. His voico wf.R rrtanl, hot manner constrained, and his illufttratior h singularly unhappy. Fancy his saying "That tho volunteor.s wore as horraltHS as doves." Thoy howled at him, and it served liim right. Again, it is .1 great blunder to speak of tho ' Arrav as tbo renior service to tho Navy. The Navy was orgauired under Henry VI II,, tho Army undor Wjliiam and Mary, and precedence among oflicors of oqual ri-iriina! rank in both Horviceit is takon by tho naval man. ... . Mr Deakin wants Mr Gaunson present to put turn in good form, and shines more an n debater than a diner out. What a clever speaker Sir William Stawell, would bo if he wero not always summing up; what a capital speech ho made, and what a capitol reception ho had. Who Hays Victorians cannot appreciate good service. Captain Thomas mode a happy epeeob, but mado too much of it. Still, one thing ha said ooncc rning tbo names cf tho ships reads wall wheu a littlo compressed : —"The 'Victoria' and 'Albert wore the bent names in the world; the 'Chtldoro' was a name deservedly honored in England aud Australia ; <ho 'Nelson' would remind its sailors that England oxpeotcd' overy man to do his duty ; and tho only inappropriately named 'vessel wan the 'Ceriums/ whoso appointed .duty it was to guard the gates of Poradiee and not Hades," Neat, was"it not, only he separated tho sugar- plums with too much padding. Still bettor, because not quite so sugary, wnn tho genoroUK appreciation ho showed of Captain Mandovillr. If the gallant Captain Thomas fights as-well as ho speaks and keeps it up usloog toos and friends alike will say. " Oh, not so much of it!" Colonel Disnoy was vrry nice, and Honsiblo and straightforward. Ho spoko with curious hesitation but in prrfectiy wall choson lan- gungp, and finished with tho following words, which certain carpers and criticasters would do well to remombor :— " I wouldfar rather fill up tbo ranks slowly by men who know what thoy sro about, and what >H oxpoctod of them, than fill the ranks np quickly by men who aro ignorant of what is expected from them, and with whom wo could not bo satisfied." Tbo rest of tho military did not distinguish themselves either war. Mr Service doos not look well in uniform in spito of Mr Gaunson'HObsH-tion to tho contrary, and ho den not npnak well to such a dull toast /<»i tho Hsrbnr Trust! Who conld? Mr Moubray was worne than tho Premier. It» vory interesting to know that each of the Harbor Trust barges could carry a six inch gun. Perhaps by and b;o tho dredges may be utilised to fling mud at our enemies. Fancy Mr Lorry tooling baebfoi. Ho must havo done so, foi 110 said so. Liout. Jerram looked very well, and spoko very woll. Why don't they all aton he»-® . . Tha honciauio Alfred gave tbrea different acconta to Iho word Afghanistan. It was kuccei»iively Armi-iutera, Afghan ii-tan, and AfphaniB-fon. Very splendid scrae, very excellent dinner, very good company— but just a little dull, 