Xlie Smuggler's &liost;* Did you ever encounter the smuggler's ghost, . . The spectre of Smuggling Bill . As he-leaned himself on an old gun-post ' \- -At the top of Tower Hill ? I think me not, though he comes by night' All the passers-by to scan, ? ' ? A strange, weird, long-shore, lubberly wight — . Pea-jacketty Bort of a man. 1 Hin voico is husky, his eyes roll3 wild— ?' His nose is swollen — this mystic child— And his legs were never a match. ; ? ! As he leaves the post on a midnight dull; He goes with a nautical roll, ; ' J A solid mahogany seaside hull i He seems ; but he's only soul. . . I met him once, and I saw him clear . ? ; J By a gas-lamp's dancing light, i Recalling weeds and tobacco dear . - ; I That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, ' O runner of Revenue rigs,' 'J Thou knave of tho contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs ; ' i But he raised him his gnarl6d hand. 'Avast with thy ooppersl' and 'You bo i ' blowed I' In a mixture strange said he ; :i ' I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed ' ; ! In this mortinl 'coun-ter-ee. ' Notsham blue ruin in bladdery Bkin, Nor tater-brewed oh-de- wee, That ain't paid dooty,' he said with a grin ; i ' I'm a spirit, mate, carnt yer see ? ,r I looked him up, and I looked him down; i And I thought of my four pound five ? . ' I paid for cigars when he did me brown, ; - | And he certainly looked alive. . . i But he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, ' ; : . I As he grinned with his mouth so roomy. | 'If yer doubts my word, tako yer orutoh-. stiok there, ,';'1 And you'll find it'll go right through me. ' Oh, woe-~woe, bacco and paper brown I . v Oh, woo, sham oh-de-wee 1 ?:* I'm Smuggler Bill, and IVe come from down In the furdereat coun-ter-ee. Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold ? - That never did go to sea : I sold cigars and tho buyerB sold, And what's to become o' me? ' Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, . Aud down by the muddy Strand, Aud down by the Bocks I am doomed to stray,' And he wrung him eaoh gnarly hand. - 'I wants tofind 'em, and cun't tell where, And I doesn't know whero to look ; There's pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spare, As I hid afore I was took.' Then I said, ' Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Bo you come from that other shoro ? ' ' Ay, mate 1 ' as he rolled him that one of his oyes, 'And I don't wane to go any more.' 'But what are you seeking, and why are you como? 'Why playedst thou mo that trick?' ' Ah, it's all along o' those weeds so — hum 1 Bid they make you so werry sick ? ' Oh, it's what I'm a-telling o' you, you see,' And to east and to west lie turned, 41 1 can't remember, or may I be Most — something unpleasantly — burned.' Ho moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He groaned him right into his boots ; 44 Oh, it's all along o' them Henery Clays, And them sham Bengal cheroots. ' Oh, there's pounds on 'em hiddon I can't tell where. . ? And some misfortnet bloke Will be hunting 'em out if I don't take care - ; M j 1 And there isn't ono fit to smoke. Ah, whero did I put 'em ? Ah, where aro thoy hid ? Ah, where did I plant that chest With Henry Clay on the top o' the lid ? And wasn't thoy bad !uns, jest ? ' They makes 'em up at a bob a pound — Brown paper iu backer, gravy ; And I sold 'cm a quid for a bo:: all round, On a smuggler's afiidavy. And down by tho Islo o' Bogs I goes, And huntin' in liatclifi Highway, But never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never moro como in my way. 41 1 never can take just a glass o' short, Though I drops in at public bars, Sinco I belongs to another port, For selling o' sham cigars. For I used to roam as a sraugglor bold . Who laughed at tho ll'yal Excise; A dodge so stale, and a dodge so old, But allero ripo for a rise.' And as I gazed ho was thero no more, Not so much as his old pea-jacket ; i But thero seemed to come from a distant shore, ; Or from out of old Charon's packet, | 44 Oh, I am the wickedest smuggler bold ! That never did go to sea ; j I never got hot, and I never grow cold, ' | . ; In this hide-and-come-seek- a-ree 1 ' \ ' ; — Ch Manvilms Fekn, in;ZTopd's Annuals 