Cua:.ti,u L.-tn-mien'sMidnight Ar> vex tuhes. meantime action again, as had so often happened before, was proving an effectual sedative to Stephen's disturbed thoughts. Perhaps, too, he saw with secret satlsftvc 4ion ifaaS the cIcHob assigned to him presented favorable. opportunities for an occasional glance into ilia interior of Giialtmoro, with out danger cf recognition. He chose and nieced his men, by the aid of tbs ns»j>, w:v;:.':tx having occasion to raska a single enquiry, warning sash to whistlo only as a first signal to him, reserving fire for those who would not stand and y> rut-till he came. And then he sought out and found tho best, the shortest., and tko most secret- paths through the trees by which to go f roui 0110 to another of the sentinels at frequent interval?, and from there to the mansion. That done, ho took his post, to watch at the hack of the mansion, which remained in com plete darkness, for the return of the troops. AS some little distance from the doors at which they were to enter stood a group of rtagnifioeat cedars, whose lower branches swaying to and fro in the wind often startled him into the belief he saw tho forms of his comrades emerging from the obscurity. And when at dead of night they did arrive their advance was so noiseless, their march so like a march of ghosts bent on some super natural errand, their disappearance in single file through the gloom of the open door as into a tomb so impressive, that Stephen could hardly satisfy himself to take the fact on trust that they were his comrades, and not the very enemies whose presence was so expected and provided for. But absolute silence had been enjoined. He could therefore only wait and watch. It was quite a relief when the man who was the last to enter spoke to one in advance, shag, "Well done !" and know the voice to be the major's. After paying visits to his three men and finding all well, the sounds off music drew Stephen towards the mansion, and to one of the windows of a long room on tho ground floor- brilliantly lighted by chandeliers. He found, as he expected, dancing going on, and bis heart began to beat as he saw a pair advancing towards him, and then passing the windc w where he was, and he fancied tho lady to be Miss Ysndeleur, That was a mistake. Ho waited som6 time, thinking she must come; but still he saw nothing of her. And that small fact served him for large inferences, She was not in clined tc dance; she was, perhaps, still think ing how often she had danced with him; she was sad; she still cared for, still thought of him, and him only, in full forgiveness. A whistle cut short his reveries. He hurried to the sentinel, who had signalled to him in order to say he had heard aoma rustling among the adjacent trees, and be lieved a man had passed into tho wood, who either did not hear or would not acknowledge hi3 chaiksge.. and was eone before he could make op his mind to fire, thinking he might ho cue of the gamekeepers of tho earl. Stephen made him point out the place from whence the sound seemed to issue ; and thither he went, moving with stealthy step, his bayonet and rifle in position ready, from one sheltering tree-trunk to another; and at la3t something that brought him to a stop, just as he was about to emerge on a little open place which - had been cleared for the purpose by the woodcutters, What was the something ? At one moment it looked like a rude pillar. The next he fancied it the trunk of a broken tree, But in an instant more he decided it was a man standing as if in doubt what next to do, and unable to decide. "Stand!" cried Stephen in a stern voice, and he advanced with 3 levelled bayonet to wards the figure, Suddenly he saw a movement as of an arm, avnied no ficubt with a revolver, and quick as lightning he leaped forward and plunged his bayonet into the object before hina, What was his wonder and annoyance to find by the shock he himself received (enough to have broken hl3 weapon} the nature of his antagonist, It was 3 broken tree, of which only' a single branch remained, and was blown occasionally to and fro by the wind : and this, in the- darkness and mystery of night, was converted by Stephen's imagina tion into the arm of a Fenian lifted to destroy him. With a laugh that was not the least mirth ful, and something like an angry oath follow ing, he called himself an egregious ass, and was thankful he had not been tempted to fire, and so brought the sentinels to hi3 aid in 3uch an extremity. At that very moment, when his heart seemed burning within him for something to do that might make him forget this ridi culous blunder, he, too, heard the sound of rustling near him, of which the sentinel had spoken, " Now I shall, if I don't mind, commit the opposite and worse folly, and foil to act when action may be a matter of life and death. Still, I must take my chance, so here gees." Going to the sentry, whose whistle had warned him, he bid him follow, and waik where he moved, and as noiselessly as pos sible, Listening with beaded head, he could hear the faintest possible sound of rostling leaves, as if under soma one's feet, Following the direction of the sound, and warned by that of his own and his comrade's danger from the leaves, he trod with careful stop where he fancied there would be fewest, about the elevated roots of the trees. The private did the same, and both succeeded in moving silently along till they were on the edge of the bye road, along which the return ing soldiery had come. This road continued past the mansion, and presently joined a high road about a hundred yards or so away. There they became ayare of the sound of wheels, coming "from the same quarter as the returning soldiery, and they advanced into the road to see who was passing. A car drove up, in which Stephen could just make out the forma of four men. Rot an instant did he hesitate, although knowing that if thoy were armed their lives might pay the forfeit of their audacity; he shouted to them as he leaped into the middle of the road, " Stop ! or I fire 1" Thus hailed the car did stop. Stephen sont the private to the horse's heal, and then opening the bull's/oye lantern he carried exa mined the inmates; at first cursorily, to identify their number, and see if they had weapons In their hand3 or near them. " Who are you, and where are you from?" he first asked the driver. " Shuro now, I'm the driver of the car, and I'm from ——," mentioning the name of a place where there had been a pig fair that CSV. "And who are these with you?" " Oh, very honest gintlc-iuen—-pig jobbers." "All of them?" "I believe so; but sure, you can enquire for yourself," " Do you know either of them 5" " Certainly I do, and for many a year, and by token of many a job—and handsomely they've paid me when I was hard put to it." "Which of them do you know?" " This one," said the driver, touching the arm of one of the men. And Stephen poured the stream of light, on his face. * • "And ibis one," continued the driver, pointing with his whip at a second of the men in the car. Again Stephen looked at the man in the fierce light of the lamp, and when he spoke it seemed as though be had seen nothing more serious than pig jobbery in the face of either. "And as to the third ?" demanded Stephen, directing his lamp for an instant at the drivers countenance. " Oh, he's been at tho fair, too; but walked on, thinking some friends would pick him up, and that's just what happened," "Where?" " Oh, not far off. But he's all right. Good night." He shook the reins to go on, but Stephen stopped him with, " If you don't want my comrado's bayonet in your horse's belly, and a shot from his rifle in your own brains, you'll stop where you are till I bid you proceed." The driver lowered his whip," and Stephen, gOiDg round to the other side of the car, where the third man sat, levelled his bull's eye at him, and saw a figure with a thick shawl round his neck, wearing a cap. with ears that came down and partly covered his face. "Its all right; pig-jobbing all day, and wanting to be at home and out of the cold at night," said the person in question with a half laugh. What with his natural care to guard against the cold, and his genial comment, he and his fellow travellers might in a few seconds more have been allowed to pass, for Stephen had been told of the fair, and of the probability that some, and possibly tipsy men, would bj passing in the night. But there was a peculiarity in the voice that he seemed to remember—though where or under what circumstances he could not for the life of him recall. So thinking, but with no idea in his mind that he was about to elicit anything of moment, he said, " I seem to remember your voice. Have we met before ?" And again the light streamed on the man's face. Another thought now startled Stephen, and caused him to say, "Be so kind as to remove your shawl, and take off your cap." ho said, "What, in a night like this?" was the re joinder. The answer was Stephen's rifle and bayonet pointed at him. He removed his shawl and cap, and Stephen lowered his rifle, bat kept careful watch, with his bayonet in his right hand, while using the lamp with his left. Headers may imagine his emotion when he beheld and recognised the face of the Three Days' Fenian—the man in whom he had been so interested in tho train to Holyhead, and who was, doubtless, the mysterious rustler of tho leaves In the wood; and engaged, in all probability, in the very business 01 tho night for which the troops waited, "Ah, is that you 1" he exclaimed, in joyful surprise, or what was made to appear very like it.. "Descend," said Stephen, sternly and ah roptly. Then turning to his comrade ho said— "Bullock, ccmo here?" "Why, ruy good fellow, what-is the matter:" aifcr-d the Three Days' Fe,:wa. C1 Descend •" ogai v. said Stephen, with still mere dangerous tone and accent. The Three Days' Fenian accordingly de scended. " Turn out your pocketswas the next ccmmand. " Bullock, lielp kua I" And again ho was obeyed, " Feel that one in the breast-lining of his coat," said Stephen to tho private. T.ha Three OdjV Fenian put his hand to his brtaai, hesitated for a second or two, as if feeling for it, looked at Stephen, who held his bayonet ready for she slightest sinister movement., and draw forth a revolver, " Take it," eaid Stephen to his companion, niid to him it w?„3 quietly given, "Ascend the car!" As the Three Days' Fenian was ret iking his seat, Stephen sent the private again to the horse'3 head, taking the revolver from bim, Ho looked at it and at its owner; and asked— "Is it leaded?" "Youhad better try," was the sullen re. spouse. Eeviewing the position—four men before him, one of whom he was certain was dangerous, while they might all be connected —and with tho means of escape in their hands, could they, by a rush, pas3 and overpower biiu, he was half- tempted to shoot the horse, but could not decide on so painful a step ex cept in the last necessity, Suddenly the Three Days' Fenian snatched the whip from the driver, tumbling him oft by a violent blow, and, lashing the horse with the utmost fury, would in a few moments have escaped. But Stephen's comrade was too quick for Him. He fired—the animal fell ana kicked convulsively, so the soldier thrust his bayonet into him, and relieved him by death, Then Stephen turned to the baffled Three Days' FeDian, who was rising from the ground, to which he and the other men had been vio lently thrown, and said, " I think you had better try no more expe riments." L'oth tho other sentinels were cow heard running, roused by the shot, and presently joined Stephen. " Guard these men—that man especially," he said, indicating the Three Days' Fenian. "Shoot them if they attempt to move, I go to report to the commanding officer." When he had gone a few paces he stopper!, returned, came to the man whom he was now convinced was anything but a Fenian of three days only: and said to him, with much feeling, " I could wish any other but me had this duty to perform; but, a3 it is, farewell?" He turned, and passed away. 