WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE. as The opening session of the mining Victorian and ToBiiuinion Wesley on Methodist Conference was held last evening in Wesley Church, Lonsdale street. There was a large attendance of ministers and Italy, and the Rev If I. M'ntkin, president, occupied the chair. The proceedings, which commenced at 7 o'clock, were opened with praise and prayer and the reading of the Bible Amongst the ministers present was the Rev. J. Oram, an ex-president of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, who, at the invitation of the president, took a seat on the platform i II on tos or no sun or The voting for the election of president for the ensuing year was the first business pro- cecded with, and resulted in the election of the Rev. Henry Both, of Geelong. The PRESIDING luck, on taking his seat, returned thanks in appropriate terms for the honour conferred upon him. It was a matter of supreme importance that they should maintain the discipline and teach the doctrines which had distinguished their church, and which they believed to be founded on the New Testament He had not been content to take their system had the n doctrines secondhand, and find now clearer views regarding them and deeper convictions of their seriptiiriilness than he had ever had before He took his seat therefore a Methodist in principle as well as in Christian belief (Cheers ) ELKO fox- or offERS. The Rev. Mr. L Blamires was elected secretary, and nominated the Rev Wm M lilian» and H W î\ye as his assistants The Rev B Butchers was elected conference letter writer 111F III TIIUNO ntl SID! N V The Rev J. G. MILI_UU>, iiiconipluuentiry terms, proposed a vote of thanks to the retiring president for the very able and courteous way in which he had discharged the duties of his office The motion having been seconded by the Rev. Ward, and supported by the Rev. Samuel Ironsides, was coined by acclamation,' and the retiring president briefly acknowledged the compliment ' ' 1'ItL.SIUJ MAI, Aimiti ss. The retiring president then delivered the annual address, in the course of which he said In reviewing the year, I desire first of all to thank God that our ministerial attacks have not been broken by death We have all sympathised with the Rev W. A, Quick in his long illness We regret that his failing health will compel him to retire from the active work of the ministry, but we hope that he may be spared for many cars to come to bliss our church with that counsel which his ripened wisdom qualifies him to give, and that he will live to see the object accomplished for which he has so enthusiastic lily laboured, in the erection of a Methodist College fifth ated to the Melbourne University. To those of my ministerial brethren who have been afflicted during the year 1 tender, on behalf of the conference, our sympathy 'The year has been a sincere one Religious questions have come very prominently before the public, and have been freely discussed both in the press and on the platform One of the questions which attracted attention was that of opening the Public Library and Picture Gallery on the Sabbath day, a time when our Parliament was not in session a majority of the trustees of our National Picture Gallery and the bad taste to open that institution on the Sabbath, notwithstanding that our Legislative Assembly had more than once decided that it should not be open on the Lords Day Our church did its duty in protesting against that action Some years since I heard the late Rev. Mr. Menzies, who was then the minister of Scots' Church, Collins Street, say that our church had too much organisation. Out organisation was very valuable to us during the agitation over the Sabbath question Petitions were sent to all our churches in Victoria These were numerously signed by our members and adherents and Sabbath school teachers. The petitions from our churches were not the least potent among the causes which led to believe a majority of the members of our Legislative Assembly condemning the action of the trustees of our National Picture Gallery. Before passing away from this subject, I ought to refer to the efficient services of two ROUS of our church, the Rev. B, Butchers, li A., and Mr A. J. Smith, as secretaries of the Lord's Day Observance Society. Another subject brought prominently before the public during the year has been the relation of science and religion I need not go over the ground which has been so ably trodden by the Bishop of Melbourne and other defenders of the faith. I would just say this. Many speakers and writers on the reunions of Science and Religion ignore the fact that science only speaks on some of the subjects of the Christian religion We reverently sit at the feet of the astronomer, the geologist, the anatomist and other _eici.ti-t.K, in her hull on the lessons they have learned from the volume of nature. But on the most important tallis of reve- lation those which affect the rotation of man as a moral agent of the God whose laws he has transgressed science gives us no information whatever No voice of nature proclaims the gospel of forgiveness All the voices of nairne declare the stern inflexibility of low and the certainly of punishment And to the question NO old, and yet so near, " How shall man be just with God " science can give no answer. I hold that the great duty of the Christian preacher is to proclaim those truths which are peculiar to revelation A Christian minister who is wise will borrow illustrations from art and science, and history, ancient and modern, and contemporaneous , but the pulpit is not the place for the scientific lecture, or the literary disquisition. I hope that the Methodist pulpit will never cease to pro- claim the doctrines of sin and salvation, of rum and redemption, of justification by faith, which Martin Luther called the doctrine of a falling or a standing church Another important event in the religious history of the colonies has been the arrival of the Salvation Army. 'The Salvation Army is one of the most remarkable religious move ments of this century. There is a good deal in connexion, with it which few of us can minnie The addresses of some of its officers and the Temuka of many of its converts are offensive to good taste such language from our lips would be irreverent But we must not forget that many of those who use this language have been lifted out of the rains, -they have been accustomed to use coarse language, and they are not intentionally irreverent But while we day not admire the apparent flippancy with which the sacred names of God and Jesus and the Holy Ghost or uttered in their meetings, and printed in their publications, while we cannot approve of some of the methods employed, do not let us close our eyes to the good which the Salvation Army is accomplishing. It is reaching a stratum of society which-all the churches have failed more or less to reach. There are hundreds, it not thousands, in the colonies who are living better lives than they did a george, who have been benefited by the Salvation Army. Men who have been notorious drunkards are living sober and godly lives Criminals have been performed, prodigies have been reclaimed, homes which were the scenes of dirt, and disorder, and wretched- ness, are now abodes of comfort We should be pom sons of our Methodist ancestors if we did not rejoice over liHiilt. like those I do not think that there is any necessity for many of the extravagances and 14-ft n niceties of the Salvation Army li succeeds not be cause of these, but in spite of them fully Methodism told on the masses, with but being Irreverent, without bcitLiiou. step without taking the slang of the street in her into its public addresses, without di within,' the quiet of Sabbath by the timely honour of ill played brass instruments and modern Methodism might do the Billie But we in Victoria have not done it A help me for relief live- evangelistic work in Melbourne and the suburbs was proposed some years ago by the Rev Hanlin WutHloid, but our church did not work it Are we, then, to find fault with the Salvation Army for doing a work roughly which we have failed to do' Are we to music He has taken zeal of John, and say, Master, we saw one costing out devils in Thy Hume, and we forbade him because In- follow eth notes '" is not the existence of the Salvation Army to home extent a rebuke to our own and other churches in, as many of us think, there is so much that is objectionable in Snlv turn Army tactics, ought we not to "how the masses a " more excellent way "One of the reasons why I hope for a union among the Methodist churches of Australia is that, if a union were effected, we should be able to do a work for the non church-going population of the colonies, and to do it better than it is being done by the Salvation Army This brings me properly to notice the question of Methodist union Ever since the Methodist U.cuinunieol Council met in London, in September, 1881, the feeling in favour of Methodist union has been growing all over the world. It is growing in longitude borne of the leading ministers and members of the Methodist churches in the fatherland are asking the question, as they look at the unnecessary competition and the waste of resources on the part of those who have the same doctrinal belief, "To what purpose is this waste'" Gund lins leSultcdfroiliunioils already i fleeted. It has been so in Ireland, where, a few years ago, the Wesleyan Methodists and Primitive Wesleyans amalgamated It has been so in Canada, where, some time since, the Wesleyans and Methodist New Connexion united. During the year all the Methodist churches in Canada have become one, and there is but one Methodist church now from Newfound- land to Vancouver's Island. I hope to live to see the Methodist Episcopal Church of the United States re-united now that the plague spot of slavery has been wiped out by blood and I am an ardent advocate for Methodist union in Australasia. I have aware that there are very serious difficulties in the way of union. There may be elifhiulties over our differences on some points of church government There are grave financial difficulties in the way, owing to our church being the only Methodist church in Victoria which is self supporting, all the others obtaining help from the funds of their churches in Ktiguinlf» But these and other difficulties are noticing possible There are CVIIH in connexion with our present condition, ; there is unnecessary competition ; there is waste of money and men. In localities where there' 5sJ its. limited population, there are several Methodist churches, where one |,vVpiuJéJ be Sufficient, while there are miller parts of the colony where no Methodist Church is established. Before quoting some statistics, let me say that 24 years ago the Wesley on Methodist churches gave to the Australian colonies the example of Australian federation All the colonies represented at the memorable meeting held last year of Australasian statesmen in Sydney, have been represented for 20 years post in ihcligisliilne conferences of the Australasian Wesley an Methodist Church I think that I might go farther, and say that it was mainly through the influence of Wesleyan Methodism that FIJI became a port of the British Empire. It was the interest which was created in Sir W Macarthur's mind by his knowledge of We are) as missions in Fiji, which led to his persistence in bringing before the English House of Commons the necessity of making Fiji a British possession. Twenty nine years ago the first conference of our church was held in my native city of Sydney Of the 'IO ministers who were present, nearly half have been called up from their labours on earth to their rewards in heaven. Only four of them continue in active service, and two of them are to be found on this platform to night-the Rev. J Watsford and the Rev. J. G Mil- lard When the history of Australian Methodism is written, reference will have to be made to the providence of God in sending men like Nathaniel Turner, J A Manton, J Whiteley, S Rabone, .' Eggleston, D J. Draper, F. Tuckfield, 11 11. Gund, 1! Chapman, T Buddie, who are dead, and others who still say,! who with a iii led til It fits out the foundation of our church in these colonies, at, the first conference of our church held 21 years ago, there were 170 Methodist churches in Australia and Tasmania last year there were 1,11 Our ministers tilUi numbered by ; last year they were SMS Life feels ith schools have increased from half of 3,0110, and the attendants on the services of our sanctuaries from 47,000 to more than 200,000 11 we con- fine our attention to the statistics of our church in Victoria during the past 25 years, we shall find every reason for encouragement Mr. Walker gave some other interesting par ticulars regarding the progress of the church, and also in reference to the progress of the church in 'L'usinuniu, saying that the Yv'is leyan Church had done moiullian its fair proportion in providing for the rehgiouawimlsof the community, and the statistics of our gaols, and hospitals, and benevolent asylums showed that they eitel not burden the state with their proportionate share of criminals or poor persons There was much to inspire them in the records of the history of their church in England and Ireland, in America, and in AUBlruho. There was everything to inspire them with more entire consecration when they thought of the future that lay before them in AiiBtiollii. As a church they must be prepared to take part in educating the national conscience, in establishing that riglituousnUH without which no action could be permanently prosperous. It was the house of their church that her doctrines knew no change J human nature altered not The Gospel of Christ was adapted to the wants of every age, and his best wish for our churches lntlielaiidwns that the Lord God might be with them as he had been with their fathers He thanked the conference for the way in which it had thanked him for his services during the year, and he hoped to live and die in the service of the church of his fathers and the church of his house. VOTE OF THANKS. On the motion of the Rev. J) King. seconded by the lien J. C. Symons, a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring secretary, the Rev. W. S. Blamires. nouns OF siniNO. The hours of sitting during the session were fixed as follows - Morning Hitting, from 10 until a quarter to 1 ; afternoon sit tins', from a quarter past 2 until 5 o'clock The proceedings closed with the singing of the Doxology, the conference adjourning until next du). 