VICTORIAN AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. CAULFIEIiD TRAINING NOTES. [By Telegraph.] . , Melbourne. October 14. Tbe morning broke rery crisp and cold. D. Boblcsen was the first to make a move, giving Vivian two rounds on the inner track. Merry Xmas, after cantering, went five forloDge at a fast rate. Cupola was sent strong work, going very determinedly. Connelly treated Friendless to three tarns at fair pace, the horse looking very fit Midnight was sent over the jumps with McLeod up, and performed credit ably. Novelette was doing slosp work on the middle track. Higinbotham'a charges, IjtGrand and Capri, went three rounds onthegrassata good bat. Thelattcr's gallop on Saturday did him no harm, and he no» gets along iin better form. Eglinton. with O'Brien up, and Jessie, after cantering bowled alocg for half a mile, bat the time was not fast, taking a little over the minute to do the trip. Batty on Ontario did one o! the most useful gallops of the morning on the middle, track, going over a mile very strongly. This horse, if allowed to start, will have a big look in for the Hurdles next Saturday. Yately was [sent along for a mile at fast work. He looks as well as anything, and goes with great freedom. Umberto picked him up and took him along, the chesnut also going well. Deccan and Gilderoy, two jumpers, raced two rounds on the middle track, both going well, but Deeean cleared away from bis com panion at the end, and did another round alone. Don Quixote, looking very fresh, did good work. Gray had his string striding along on the grass, Tattler going two strong rounds ; and Gasalier looking and going very well. She others did slower exercise. Leek had Straggler doing strong work on the main track, the son ot Argus Scandal getting over the ground very nicely. Keys brought out Bapid and Scaramouch joined him at the back of ttie course, but the Sydney horse overpowering his jockey, went a mile before he was stopped. On being brought back they cot away together, but passing the turn Bapld ran very wide, nearly coming to grief amongst eome horses ?there doing walttog exercise. Scaramouch stopped after going a ttile. Mozart then joined issue wftbfUpid «nd came home to tbe-finisb; the former being tJigbtty In advance. This was the best gaBop done by Bapld in 2 mins. -Ifi sees. ; -with ap* parentl j his enp weight up, and covering so muoh ground *s he did, it was » good per* f ormsnee. Soaramouoh afterward* was work ing on the sand. First Pop and 'Violet Muttered, and then came away from the five furlongs, Fop reaching home first, tut the weights appeared to be in his favor. Melo dious, with O'Brien up, and Bohemian went a sharp spurt, tbe latter going another round. Kingfisher, Ghost, Mineio and Burra Buna were all doing moderate- work. Graoe Darling and Norfolk, after cantering, went fast for three quarters of amUe. stopping just after entering the straight. Norfolk was going very strongly, and could not be In muoh better form. David and Bargo can tered along, doing a medium-pace .gallop on the grass. Ditto and Oamerine, with O'Brien on the latter, were started galloping from the half-mile post, the mare not going at all kindly, O'Brien having to jog her along. Ditto went the much freer of the two, the journey taking 55£ sees. OorioUnua was doing good work on the grass, he being last to put in an appearance. 