CHAPTER XLL Sir Tom returned later, so much later than he intended, that he went home with such a sense of compunction as had not visited him since the days when the alarm of being caught was a put of the pleasure. He had no fear of a lecture from Lucy, whose gifts were not of that kind; but he waB partially conscious of having neglected her on her first night in town, as well as having sinned against her in matters more serious. And he did not know how to explain his deten tion at the Contessa's new house, or the matters which he had been discussing there. It was a sensible relief to him not to nod her in any of the sitting rooms, all dark and closed up except his own room, in whioh there was no trace of her. She had gone to bed, which was so sensible, like Lnoy's on exaggerated natural good sense, he saidito himself; though at the same time a wonder ing question with himself whether she felt'at all, passed through his mind; a reflection full of mingled^disapnointment and satisfac tion. But when a full hour after his return, after a period of smoke and reflection, he went leisurely upstairs, expecting to find her peacefully asleep, and found her not, nor any evidence that she had ever been there, a great wave of alarm passed over the mind of Sir Tom. He paused confounded, looking at her vacant place, startled beyond expression. " Lucy 1" he cried, looking in his dismay into every corner, into his own dressing-room, and even into the large wardrobe where her dress hung, like shells and husks which she had laid aside. And then he made an agi tated pause, standing in the middle of the room, not knowing what to think. It was by this time about 2 in the morning, the middle of the night, according to Lucy. Where could she nave gone? Then he be thought himself with an immediate relief, which was Boon replaced by poignant anxiety, of the only possible reason for her absence—a reason which would explain everything—little Tom. When this thought occurred to him, all the excitement that had been in Sir Tom's mind disappeared in a moment, and he thought of nothing but that bab^ l^ing,, perhaps "tossing uneasily upon his most sacred group on earth to him, who, faults whatever his faults might be, loved them both dearly. He took a candle in his hand, and stepping lightly, went up the stairs to the nursery door. There was no sound of wailing within, no little cry to tell the tale all was still and dark. He tried the door softly, but it would not open. Then another terror awoke, and for a moment took his breath from him. What had happened to the child ? Sir Tom suffered enough at that moment to have expiated many sins. There came before him a vision of the child ex tended motionless upon his bed, and his mother by him refusing to be comforted. What could it mean ? The closed door looked as if hope had departed. He knocked sottly yet imperatively, divided between the horror of these thoughts and the gentle every-day sentiment which forbade any noise at little Tom's door. It was some time before he got any reply, time which seemed to him inter minable. Then he suddenly heard Lucy's voice close to the door whispering. There had been no sound of any footsteps. Had she been there all the time, listening to all his appeals and taking no notice ? " Open the door,11 he said anxiously. " Speak to me. What is the matter ? Is he ill ? Have you sent for the doctor ? Let me " We are all shut up and settled for the night." said Lucy, through the door. " Shut up for the night ? He has been very ill" SirTom.cried. " Oh, hush, you will wake him; no, not very ill, but I am going to stay with him," said the voice inside with a quiver in it. " Lucy, what does this mean ? You are concealing something from me. Have you had the doctor ? Good God, tell me! What is the matter? Can't I see my boy ?" " There is nothing—nothing to be alarmed about," said Lucy from within. "He is asleep, he is—doing well. Oh, go to bed and don't mind us. I am going to stay with him." "Don't mind you! that is so easy," he cried, with a broken laugh ; then the silence striking to his heart, he cried out, " Is the child" But Sir Tom could not say the word. He shivered standing outside the closed door. The mystery seemed incompre hensible save on tne score of some great calamity; the bitterness of death went over him. But then he asked himself what reason could there be to conceal from him any terrible sudden blow? Lucy would have wanted him in such a case, not kept him from her. In this dread moment of sudden panic he thought of everything but the real cause which made a more effectual barrier between them than that closed door. "He is well enough now," said Lucy's voice, coming faintly out of the darkness. " Oh, indeed, there is nothing the matter. Please go away; go to bed. It is so late. I am going to stay with him," " Lucy," said Sir Tom, " I have never been shut out before. There is something you are concealing from me. Let me see him and then you shall do as you please." The lere was a little pause, and then slowly, reluctantly, Lucy opened the door. She was still fully dressed, as she had been for dinner. There was not a particle of colour in her face. Her eyes haa a sacred look, and were surrounded by wide circles as if the orbit had been hollowed out. She stood aside to let him pass without a word. The room in which little Tom slept was an inner room. There was scarcely any light in either; nothing but the faint glimmer of the night lamp. The sleeping room was hushed and full of the most tranquil quiet, just touched by the regular soft breathing of the sleeping child in his little bed, and of his nurse by him, who was as completely unaware as he of any intrusion. Sir Tom stole in and looked at his boy, in the pretty baby atti tude of perfect repose, his little arms thrown up over his head. The anxiety vanished from hiB heart, but not the troubled sense of some thing wrong—a mystery which altogether baffled him. MyBtery had no place here in this little sanctuary of innocence. But what did it mean ? He stole out again to where Lucy stood, scared and silent, in her white drees, with a jewelled pendant at her neck, which gleamed strangely in the half light. " He seems quite well now. What was it ? and why are you so anxious?" be asked. " Did the doctor" ? "There was no need for a doctor. It is only—myself. I must stay with him, he might want me" And nobody else does —Luoy was about to eay, but pride and modesty restrained her. Her husband looked at her earnestly. He perceived with a curious pang of astonishment that Bhe drew away from him, standing as far off as the limited space permitted, and avoiding his eye. " I don t understand it, he said, " there is something underneath: either he has been more ill than you will let me know, or— there is something else" She gave him no answering look, made no wondering exclamation, " What could there be else?" as he had hoped: but replied hur riedly, as she had done before, " I want to stay with him, I must stay with him—for to-night" It was with the most extraordinary sense of some change which he could not fathom or divine that Sir Tom consented at last to leave his wife in the child's room and go to his own. What did it mean? What had happened to him or was about to happen ? He could not explain to himself the aspect of the. slight little youthful figure in her airy white dress, with the diamonds still at her throat, careless of the hour and time, stand ing there in the middle of the night, shrink ing away from him, forlorn and wakeful, with her seared eyes. At this honr on ordi nary occasions Lucy was fast asleep. When she went to eee her boy, if society had kept her np late, it was in the ease of a dressing gown, not with any cold glitter of ornaments. And to see her shrink aq4 draw herself away in that strange repugnance from his touch and shadow confounded him. He was not angry, as he might have been in another case, but pitiful to the bottom of his heart. What could have come to Lucy? Half a dozen times he turned back on his way to his room. What meaning could she have in it ? What could have happened to her? Her manifest shrinking from him had startled him beyond measure; her terrified looks when he spoke filled his mind with confusion. But controversy of any kind in the child's room at the risk of waking him in the middle of the night was impossible, and no doubt, he tried to say to himself, it must be some panic she bad taken, some dread intensified by fancy—something which she did not wieh to explain to him till the morning light had restored her confidence. Women were so he hid often heard; and the women he had known in bis youth had certainly been so— unreasoning creatures, subject to their imagination, taking fright where no occasion for fright was, incapable of explaining. Lucy had never been like this, but yet Lucy, though sensible, was a woman too: and if it is not permitted to a woman to take an un reasoning panic about her only child, she must he among hard judges indeed. Sir Tom was not a hard judge. When he got over the painful sense that there must oe some thing morein this thanmet the eye.hewas half glad to find that Lucy was like other women —a dear little fool, not always sensible, lie thought almost the better of her for it, he said to himself. She would laugh at her panic, whatever it was, when little Tom woke up fresh and fair in the morning light. With this idea he satisfied himself as well as he could. The situation was strange, unpre cedented in his experience, but he had many subjects of thought on his own part whicn returned to his mind as the surprise of the moment calmed down. He had a great deal to think about. Old difficulties which Beemed to have passed away for long years were now coming hack again to embarrass and confuse him. "Our pleasant vices are made the whips to scourge us," he said to himself. The paBt had come back to him like the opening of a book, no longer merely frivolous and amusing, as in the Contessa'a talk, touched with all manner of light emotions, but bitter, with tragedy in it, and death and desolation. Death and life. He had heard of the dead who were alive again, and of the living whose existence could scarcely be ex plained to the world. Hta mind had been full and troubled enough when he returned to the still house, and realized with com punction how many thoughts which he could not share with her he was bringing back to Lucy's side. He cculd not trust them to her, or confide in her, and secure her help, as in most other circumstances he would have done without hesitation. But how cculd he do that now ?—not because she was his wife, but because she was so young, so innocent, so unaware of the complications of existence. How could bIio understand the temptations that assail a young man in the heyday of life, to whom many indulgences were permissible or venial, which to her limited and innocent soul would seein un pardonable sins? To live even for a few years with a stainless creature like Lucy, in whom there was not even so much knowledge as would make the approaches of vice com prehensible, is a new kind of education to the most experienced of men. He had not believed it to be possible to be so altogether ignorant of evil as he had found her—and how could he explain to her and gain her indulgent consideration of the circumstances which had led him into what in her vocabu lary would be branded with the name of vice? Sir Tom even now did not feel it to be vice. It was unfortunate that it had so happened. He had been a fool. It was almost inconceivable to him now, how for the indulgence of a momentary passion he could have placed himself in a position that might one day be bo embarrassing, and dis agreeable. He had not behaved ill at the moment, it was the woman who had behaved ill. But how in the name of wonder to ex plain all this to Lucy. Lucy, who was not conscious of any reason why a man's code of morals should be different from that of a woman 1 When Sir Tom returned to this painful and difficult subject, the immediate question as to Lucy's strange conduct died from his mind. It became more easy, by dint of repeating it, to believe that a mere unreasonable panic about little Tom was the cause of her withdrawal. It was foolish, but a loving and lovely foolishness which a man might do more than forgive, which he might adore and smile at as men love to do, feeling that for a woman to be thus silly is desirable, a counterpoise to the selfishness and want of feeling which are common in the world. But how to make this spotless creature under stand that a man might slip aside and yet not bea dissolute man; that he might be betrayed into certain proceedings which would not perhaps bear the inspection of severe judges, and yet be neither vicious nor heartless! This problem, after he had considered it in every possible way, Sir Tom finally gave up with a sort of despair. He must keep his secret within his own bosom. He must con trive some means of doing what was now clearly a duty without exciting any suspicion on Lucy's part. That, he thought with a compunction, would be easy enough. There was no one whom it would cost less trouble to deceive. With these thoughts he went to sleep in the room which somehow seemed strangely lonely without her. Perhaps, how ever, it was not ungrateful to him to be alone, to think all those thoughts without the addi tional sense of treachery which must have ensued had he thought them in her presence. There was no treachery. He had been all along, be thought to himself, a man some what sinned against in the matter. To be sure it was wrong—according to all rules of morals it was necessary to admit that; but not more wrong, not so much wrong, as most other men had been. And, granting the im- | propriety of that first step, he had nothing to reproach himself with afterwards. In all other respects he knew he had behaved both liberally and honourably, only he had been deceived. But how—how—good heavens I— explain this to Lucy ? In the silence of her room, where she was not, he actually laughed out to himself at the thought; laughed with a sense of an impossibility beyond all laws or powers of reasoning. What miracle would make her understand? It would be easier to move the solid earth than to make her understand. But it was altogether a very strange night; such a night as never had been passed in that house before; and fearful things were about in the darkness, ill dreams, strange shadows of trouble. When Sir Tom woke in the morning and found no sign that his wife had been in the room or any trace of her, it roused once more a painful apprehension in his mind. He hurried, half-aressed. to the nursery to ask for news of the child, but was met by the nurse with the most cheerful countenance, with little Tom holding by her skirts in high spirits and full of babble and glee. "He has had agood night, then," his father cried, relieved, lifting the little fellow to his shoulder. "An excellent night, Sir Thomas," the woman said, "and not a bit tired with his journey; and so pleased to see all the car riages and the folks passing." Sir Tom put the boy down with a cloud upon his face. " What was the cause then of Lady Ran dolph's anxiety last right ?" he said. "Anxiety, Sir Thomas! Oh no, her lady ship was quite pleased. She do always say he is a regular little town bird, and always , better in London. And so she said when I was putting of him to sleep. And he never stirred, not from the moment when he went off till 6 o'clock this morning, the darling. I do think now, Sir Thomas, as we may hope he's taken hold of his strength." Sir Tom turned away with a blank coun tenance. What did it mean tlieu ? He went lack to his dressing-room, and completed his toilet without seeing anything of Lucy. The nurse seemed quite unconscious of her mistress's vigil by the baby's Bide. Where then had Lucy passed the night, and why taken refuge in that nursery? Sir Tom grew pale, and saw his own countenance white and. full of trouble, as if it had been a stranger's, in the glass. He hurried down stairs to the breakfast room, into which the sun was shining. There could not have been a more cheerful Bight, Some of the flowers brought up from -the hall were on the table. There was a merry little Are bnrning; the usual pile of newspapers were arranged for him by the care of Williams, who felt him self a political character too, and appreciated the necessity of seeing what the country was thinking. Jock stood at the window with a book, reading and watching the cheerful movements outside. But the chair at the head of the table was vacant. " Have you Been Lucy ?" be said to Jockt with an anxiety which he could scarcely disguise. At this moment she came in, very gentle, very pale, like a ghost. She gave him no greeting, save a sort of attempt at a smile and warning look, calling his attention to Williams, who had followed her into the room, with that one special diBli which the butler always con descended to place on the table. Sir Tom I eat down to bis newspapers confounded, not kcowing what to think or to say. 