ECHOES OF MELBOUBNE: '-;? -'By The Ghost.V ;.'. i, ;. ? ? ; ? May23. '. At the present moment the crumpledleaf in the Ministerial bed of roses is the pertinacity of the unemployed. - Govern ments have, as a rule, shown themselves so paternal towards tho working, classes' that nijw, whenever a contractor discharges a couple of score of men on the completion of any work, the dismissed ones forthwith form themselves into a denutation. under the leadership, of one of the most. forward and . leather-lunged : of :their number; and: march off in procession to interview the members of the. Administration,' and demand work at wages to befixed by them selves. It certainly must have caused a severe wrench to the democratic feelings of * Mr. Deakin- the Minister, of Public Works; .when that gentleman refused- on' Monday to see the chosen spokesman of the paid-off. Harbour Trust, labourers, and requested that four, of the gathering1 clamouring at his door for employmentT-at; nothing less than, seven shillings- per day of eight hours . — - should be sent into his room. For! in days of i yore; * when the , Minister ? was . in . his ; hot ? political yputh— during . his /'salad days' of mem bership— when he'sat in Opposition; he has himself knocked at- the Treasury, doors, asking that the Government should find work for the 'twilling hands,' seeking it in vain. But tempora .mutantur et nos wiitan twr in Mis \ Now he deems it. no longer the, province of Government to institute relief works. Age may have brought him wisdom, or perchance he may remember how 'his colleague, Mr. Service, was brought to signal grief — and by another of his present colleagues, by the way — for offering the unemployed of the day! four shillings for stonobreaking, and, according to Mr. .Berry, expressing the opinion that 'a tent and ten shillings a week were amply sufficient for the Victorian working man.' Of course . Mr. Service never said anything of the kind. But the accusation bore fruit at the time, alienated what tho present.Chief Secretary is fond of terming ' the sympathies of the masses,' and put Mr. ? Berry into power vice Mr. Service. Now -that the two gentlemen are sworn allies, it would he curious to know whether the slander has been forgotten and for given. If not, how the Premier and the Chief Secretary must love each other ! Meanwhile, these two gentlemen and their colleagues meet almost daily in solemn and lengthened conclave, to discuss tho measur.es to be introduced when the fast approaching tenth of June again brings them face to face with Parliament, and subject them to the fire of Major Smith, Mr. Mirams, and the two or three adherents these honourable Oppositionists ' how boast. Mr. M'Intyre, the Rupert of ' the cross benches, having been unsuccess ful in inducing .the: British capitalist 'to ' invest his spare cash in the mines of the honourable members' constituents, is has- ? toning .back as fast as Peninsular and Oriental mail boat can parry him; and-, Mr. Patterson, the champion of Protestant isni^— or for that matter of any oth,er, ' ism', that / happens to suit — who has' had. his '.'..' foot on his native heath, and lias' ifce'en.' '.i' lecturing on Australia to his ' townies' of ? Alnwick, is. to leave homo in July to be in -. time .to 'take part'in any struggle that may . take place between tho 'iris' and the 'out's.' . A.t least, Mr. Patberson has announced this. . as his present intention. But then the' member for Castlemaine has a reputation ,- for changing his mind at the last lnomerit,, .' and as there is but a very remote. oharicd of, , any.gain accruing,, from, hastening, back, may^ only .'.return just in time before the j session closes to Bave his seat./ . ? , 1 For . all one sees or hears of the Actings. ? Governor the colony might just as-well be '. without any. official representative of her Most Gracious, Majesty. ,His onlypublic appearance has been at tho concert' at the , Town.Hall for tho benefit of Mr. Elsitssar,,,,' wliichr-^-incidentally, be it said-^-was a great success, Jand realised nearly jfi200 for the,,, ther. 'But the ? abode of vice'royaltyis closed; dark are ' the halls ' of the guber'-' riatorial' residence in the Domain;' and Sir; William ' Stawell has not thrown open his ! private residence' at Kew for any lavish.'' '; display of hospitality;. So much does he : respect'the Queen?s grief that the rejoicings i incidental to the anniversary of her natal.' day areto be postponed until the advont'df l; Sir Henry Loch. And apropos of ' her Majesty's expressed desire to ; have no 'birthday kept,' does it not savour some what of the gnat arid camel business to go : one's: self to- a wedding of one's ' grand- ? daughter, and deny to others .the right to ??? n'ut-a recognised fete day to its legitimate' ! ' use,' and debarher loyal subjects, the world- |; over,'from taking their pleasure sadly,' as old ^roissart has long placed it onrecord is the- fashion among English speaking races ? ?' : , ; 'f What will he do with it?' is the question now being asked in regard to the knight liood proffered to Mr. Service. The safest prophecy to venture is thatithe honourable : gentleman will decline: the honour.- Not that he is in any way averse, to rank and position; but the Premier's entrance into the ranks of British chivalry would confer the distinction of 'My Lady' on -the ?legitimate partner of his joys. arid ^sorrows,' a contingency which, ? o.wing.1 ito certain ?? domestic . arrangements '.06 the '-Service household, woulcLhardly be; iriv.accordance ? with 'the eternal fitness J of ''i things.' There . are certainly two methods by which the little ? difficulty might - be overcome— ? the head of the Govenlmerit might join the ' -Mormon body, or embrace Mohaniedanism. Mr. Service ; is; hardly -likely, however, to 'ajdppt either of these alternatives, 'arid 'the correct tip' is therefore that when the knighthood isubffered it'will'be. declined ??^?ith thanks. , . In'; some.' itelegVariisl from.'-. London, -Mr.'' Berry has also been- designated as a re cipient in prospective of : the same: distiri'c : tion . as . that intended for his * chief.' Should- ? ithe: offer '. be'- made, |thp member for Geelong has : already- an nounced- that .he ? ?interidsi th ? refuse it. ; .A title would, .; the honourable' ? gentleman affects' to- think, illbefitthe leader of 'a fierce demboracy.' ;- As ? plain : -'Mr.' Berryj he has been the -head of an' ';embassy.' i With the same' humble :pre- ' fix.to'His name he . was ;the herb of 'Black Wednesday/'- and ? the- leader of; : the /Radical, party in Victoria, and without ' ''the ? adyontitious aid of birth andrarik' Ke has beeri taken to the Conservative and' aristocratic bosoms', of Messra: -Kerferd,' Levien, and Gillies. -He requires no handle to his name to assist iri handing dlswri his fame as a tribune of the' people'; to future generations of Australians. ' But: : it lis'i not ? quite; certain ..'?: that any proffer: of a knignthood to the- Chief ' Secretary .will ever be' made; and, under; ? the: circumstances,' the rejection of a gift ' that/t has iriot .yet- been' tendered recalls ' somewhat pointedly the old fable ;?--£ the ' iox ana ino grapes. . . . w ... ? ? ? The1 'Melbourne Presbytery ^ has doter iniri'edto take aleaf out of the book of the Presbyterian' General Assembly, 'and on^ Tuesday 'cleared, the galleries' of those 'pestilent 'pressmen' who have likened their proceedings to those of the Inquisition ' and the Star Chamber, and considered, a letter received from the Roy. Charles Strong, asking for the certificate to-; which he is' by law entitled, with' closed doors. Evidently the reverend gentleinen do not caro that the' fierce light of publicity should1 be thrown upon their utterances. They have no objection to pouring out the vials of what Sir Charles Gavan Duffy was worit to term ' tho black bile of personal ' malignity ' upon tho devoted heads .of a'1 brother; but they prefer the amusement without tho responsibility of its conse quences. The lay element in tho Presby tery strongly protested against the exclu sion of the reporters, but to no avail. So the ' harrying ' was conducted in private. The only advantage of this course is , that ' it allows all tho speakers to stigmatiso any accounts of their orations that may leak out as 'garbled' and 'untruthful.' Should the Rev. Charles Strong return to Victoria it may prove inconvenient to some of his brethren to find they have ' burned their boats ' and created an impassable gulf between the late pastor of Scots ? Church arid themselves. Their classicalland ' theologicaU training rendera them alive to the truth of the averment Litera scripta manet, Jmd they hold the stenographic art in holy Horror, ranking it ainong the : literce -inhumamorcs.- The ?? episode is not ?without significance j and were the rev. gentlemen who blush to give their proceeds ings' fame wise in their generation, and un bonded by party feeling, they surely would see that disunion on important matters of Church government between the lay and the clerical elements portends a change which may provo but tho ' beginning of the end.' Foiled in their endeavour to sheet home the Pettavel murder to the escaped lunatic Donovan, tho detective police have taken a new departure, and are about, it is said, to make another arrest, this time having securod tho real culprit. They have, however, made tho task of associat ing any one else with the crime, by getting up the evidence against tho man first accused, so very difficult, that it is ex tremely problematical whether their second effort will prove as abortive as their first. It , was positively sworn by the detectives and ono of the black trackers that the im pressions left by the boots of the murderer corresponded exactly with those made by those of Donovan. As it is quite plain that the same boots cannot have been worn by two different individuals at the same time,1 the zealous police officers, by proving too much, have cut the ground from under their own feet. Any proceedings against any other person that may be charged ? with feloniously killing and slaying Wil liam Beech will end as did the former ones.. iiovera of the sensational will perforce have to '.. postpone the indulgence of their greed for tho horrible for some little time. Hawthorn, the alleged Brighton fratricide, and Browning, the Emerald Hill wife slayer, have both asked to have their trials postponed for a month, and the Supreme Court has granted the request. Another instance, of how humanity endeavours to ?ward off the inevitable. Morgan, the Panmure murderer, can how, however, foretell, with a tolerable de gree of certainty, the date of his own demise., The law is to take its course on Monday week. Perhaps now that all hope \hasbeen taken from the criminal he may make: confession of his crime, and the vexed question as to whether he is or is not the perpetrator of a deed, exactly similar, done in Tasmania some twenty-five years ago, bo , set at rest. There; is little of moment to record in the theatrical world. Miss Jeffreys-Lewis is,.by the critics of the leading metropo litan journals, pronounced a failure in 'Fedora.' However, the audience re called the new actress after every fall of the curtain, and the Royal!' continues to show a balance on the right side of the ledger. ;At the Opera House the Majeronis, invthe 'Old Corporal,'' continues to find favour ,with a goodly number of play-goers. ' Carmen,' at the Bijou, is still a great draw j a somewhat noteworthy fact; as the ?music is really high-class, and entirely different in character from what is generally, by the management, thought suited^, to; the public taste. 'Carmen' is to give place shortly to 'La Belle Helene.' No change is yet announced at the Princess, where 'The Queen's Favourite' nightly draws ? crowded houses, Miss Genevieve Ward being the ohief attraction. 