fe CHRONICLES OF EARLY MELBOURNE. HISTORI'AL, ANECDOTAL AND PERSONAL.— (1835-1351), N 12 W SEHI K 3, . By Gahbyowen, CllAl'TBK.XXXIII.' Sl'OKTS AND PaSTIMI£3, No. I.-Tiib Tukv. 18-17. jThotceoOigof thi> ytur wan rrmarkablA as tuo first time whou r(x-goira in nny jmmoar pattoiitowd what wan tii»n known no Piuoic (fill, t Tho. Hill wav en fur /M'oy from th> wiuuing pctt «hut, 9 raio, tight-M.nr-. did not cat© much about it, but it w m no-v nlowiv growing into favor. Tin G h April w as tbu appointed li.t dy, aud thero wi\« a g-iod doul »i inUrcflt ehoivu io the meting 10 omio- quMioo of tho app&arMioi; of not only Potr.l aod Pard J tKPf, but tit Buoyip, » horai of rnncb promisv, nud E-rii-rald, who bad gjtboied aomo gr«-»n byu in N-w -u«,ntb Water. Town Patk, lOOaiva , nitli 7-iovs. on- triuio. Wfisbt for viz. 3yrr., Sit.; 4yr?, Git, lOib. ;5yrr„ !>/. 51 3, ; Gir nuu iigert, !)t 10 b. H atn. 2 miLa arid dintauor. AusUu'abr g Dunvlp, lyre. .. .. 11 hui.ilf.tra'a it Ii C-.nmo, bru. .. - 2 MC.III'h 0 u 1'otrnt, f») r# .. .. 3 tils. VVrj','ht'a b h J\iUl .Mi.ca M .. 43 Ohiiiiibet'a « y k murlU .. .. 5 4 FfltST IIrat. — P"i>l and Bnuyip w.tut tc- K« ther tiotn tho po-t, v/b -n tun tatfir ecou led, And n© o >miaud to the end no eny wiouo. Diriag portion of tbo raw Emerold at>d Petrel wor« Mdo by aide, vhu ihtto nan » joMle, nnd IV ri l'a ridor (Siody tho butcher) rtrnck tho t.th-.r j >ok with his whip, uttrt ao oous.d Emerald to Hwervqmtttdi npvat. Thin had lb© otloot of disqualifying ILtrt-i's rider. Paul Joucs bhuvou au tuUilf-ir- outly ax uevcr to hove had the ghost of a chut ce. In tho n« cond hfl.V; P,»ut led, bat coon roli/ed frcrn thu lr »nf, which wratikon a-»d k«pt by Bunjip. Tim— 1st heat, 4tnin Wibo ; 2a«i, 4m'u 15, re, Tho year bafure Putrel's time w»fl -la in 1Lj(Q. T/.u Trial Starch wcro takon by Brsay Budl&m; a br. f. from thi Anntiu Stable, aud JJu&yip; WbU tbOPuilLIOANH PUJISE in ft fitldof tight, TMr day paused eff in an unprecedented!? quiet m&noor;, Iho judicial puuishmonte of thn pravioui yvnr probably cxcrabiag a aalutary iff-:ct,in prea-rvicu tbo pra-ie. Oc lhn fiucoud day Hunyip h nt Petrel nnd three oilers fur thu Imdiks' Puiisk, aud tha meeting went over thu 3rd day, uu-i was pro- ui ucccdf tu bo u grct.t buccosc. Ia addition toB iiijip, tbuAtiaiius got up a minor ssbhv linc by dirplnyiug on tbu ooura.i a tatir>lgged g«o<n, hatuhid ot th© atai m ofMrJuaiuh Amtio, Ton qtudruperi mftruhed uhint on nil ft.uru un ualutulJy as if th«ioxir.» piir coaetUu- ted no deformity, BUNYIP, tho row Idol, Vofuru wIiopo prnwow tho ahoitlivod renowu of Poire! wai doumvd tn pau, wm ;ot by (ho Duke of Argjflo, a bur a shipped froui Sydney by tho Hon. T. EfgUinn Murrr-y, out nf ah imported A.rab uiavs beloruiog tu Mr J. W, Slmw. Sou formed part of tlio acock of Messrs Suqth and Prentice, pquHtturr, end was pur- ohaecd at a rale of Kirk aud llarliu, well known O'loticno&rp.; Buoyip, a vnarling oolt, wui bought at tho carao eulu for L7 10 j uy Mr Auitin, and flmrtly attor bgan Co givo iudica- tinn 1 f the Bluff of whioh hu was mann, Ho wuu fin-Linn when a tbrse-year- oldt Gjrlnng, on 4ih Wft.ob, 1848, when Ln uicquored Stj- vi cp. c'. Oormif. TCmo works nftar witnessed hia debut on thu M-Mb-mmo oourae, where ha fccnrod the P.P. Stakes Hm third oppmr ft' co . was at .Ojiftp, 4;h Fobtuury, 1847, whoro (bo Colac nnd SquATiEii' PUJISKH fell la biui ; uud turning Wiietv<r(J, ou tli« lG'.h of Febrnttry b#» won tho Town PUTKnnd LADHrs'Pi:USnf-tBlfi«t. 0« thu 30to Mrrcb hu peckoted tbe Ukblono Town Pi.bti:, walked uver for thu MeucitANT.s' Puii.sk, and tha next d».y won thn Puiimuanh' l'UDWE, Hithurto ho bad never been oon'/iu, and wae comidtrcd the nhamploo of thu tu.r. 1848. Up to his psriodthu F emicgtonOnurs9 was halt! undor uo alroi-ger leburo tbun aoffjenuoc, and thero was not uvea a lim> of wriliog tu Bnthorhoita bccopatim Thhninoertnia Btata of uffaira hnd boinfnr noruc timo uudp.r tha ooufeiduudiou of tho Turf Olab, whin it wui at lorgtb dctcrmiDid to apply to tbo Government Ii r Iho i<buo of a Un y»i»tBl lcitRU to Mmris W. 1<\ Stawcl1, J. C. tirtdirll, aod J. F. L. Fufltcr a»trusta«B lor the public, Tno appli ration was granted, r.r.d tho club commoectd tho potml tauoing of tbn course, uud had sume- thiug reeembhug u eutataLtlftl g.»nd &Und; tri'Cttd. Thn mo«t of (hit year camo eff ca the 5tb, 81b, nnd 7th April, aud this wai tha first uoc»- eiou of a publiosu venturing to put up a driuk- irgbouth 00 the Hill. Tun ftilerpridog iu- dividual- wav Mr Traicthy ("Tim") L me, a wtH-kaown .booifnee pi , certrja l-wg-iy devbioptd pacnliaritius, but ono who hr.i a rpcoial krArk of sokit-g mow y, He kept thu Jiuildm' Ariue, iu Littlo C>lUai street, nnd 00 man of Lie time was bolter known, or cf:eocr laugtad at. ''TimV, futahlijhmaut v/ue accordingly pruhed oti thu hilltop, and ho drrvo a roaring trade thero for tho fmt day ; br.t on tbo eoound & etrong wiad oame roariog about biin, and hia Untago, liarrula, psatcra atd boltt- a, grog, awipei-, and all wro btotru away at if thoy wore a honp of eg; shell , aud it woe with much difficulty (hat the hata- logonocua Assortment waa saved from tha ctalchts of tho Snlt-atr River. TK.o waa a pfrcoptihlo dtmiuulion in tho dtgreo cf popular interest fcU iu this mooting, as compared with tin si of tbo two or threo preceding scaxonf-, auu there w«a a markud lollirg oil in the a tnidiuec. This wai oari-.id tbreugh the absoaco e f auy sp?oial foatur© to ottraot. Thoro wos uu qntstion of colonial clmropionsbip involvf d. P tielwuatbo only favourite fortboomiug, ana hi» proitig-i had now waned— whilsl as to Buoy ip, from whom ro much was uxpscted, tho manoor in , which this splendid animal had ben overworked bad no tula, tint hi wai uot otly now out of running, bat it was avt-rrort that the best of bin ruuuog darn woro over. Toe wontntr wan ai unptopHions as it could potsib'y b?. Day No. 1 was a torror of wind and dust; No. 2 mt-ro boi-tsrous, if a shade lots OUHly ; aud as tu No. 3, barring tbo dust, it was a combination of wind and raiu with tlio Meteor oli gical omb.41hbmsnt« t.f tbuodcr nud lifihtnicg snporaddod. Theoe disoouriging ohm&tio; conditions cxrcisod a d?presjing iu- flucnco opou ovory dDpoaitiou towards row- iog&ndro;'Adyisui, and everything was sofltt aud tamo and dul that tho Ohiof Oimtablo and Ibo twenty subs by whom thu couno waa kept wero bored by tbo onnuiot a very dispirit- icg -ioeouro. Petrel won tho Town Plats, b9a'ing Garry owen. a much admired horse, bolosgtog to Mr Rawdco Gioooe, aud was riideu by a jock y 1 aaic-d Hulaos, whoso saddio-c aft wa« much aomircd. He also took the Poiiucakh' ruit-SK whilst tho Au-tine, with Basy Baalam, opprop:ihtcd tbo I'. P. Stakes aud tbo Ladies' Pnrro. Ou tbo last day there a Huadlk Race onoo round tbo!course, heatr, wbioh was Also won by another Austin borsa w«ll ridden by Mr R Greone. 1819. The Geolorg races were ran on fbo 7th nnd 8th Marob, and tho result of th© first day was conveyed by overland exproRS for The Herald, and arrived that night io time for next morn ing's isiuo of tbn paper. This was tbo first font cf tbe kind iftactad in tho oolooy, The o< urior was ft Mr Patrick M'Grath, then a shipping reporter on tbe paper, who was afterwords 0 Gity councillor for Gipps Ward. He bad a miserable totleuomo ride of it, for neither reads nor weather were in tho bast condition. But ho did it with two good borppf, aud though bo war ball dro'wnad ut the S iltwater Iilvtr, where iu tbe darkness ho midod tbo puut,. bo swam bli hotco sitaly over, and reachvd iho office about jnidnight, \- The Melbourne Meit was not as well paiioniicd as oxpootad, for vaiioue aesfgnod reasons, suoh as a icarolty 0! tncQpy, Gloiliutbepriooof wool, and tbo fro- qacnoj' ol races in novetal omtros of popula tion io thu interior; but an ovidont improve moot waa remarked in the general turn out of tho people, ar.d tbe number cf vehicles which put in an anpet-nnce. Thu Town Plate was the groat event of tho tint day (27ih Maieh). and six horses oame to the pebt, iicludJiut Potifli, now owned by Mr .T. Austin, aud Bssy Bsdlam (J. Aintin's), Mr Lyoll, ono cl tho stowatvis, officiated as stutter, and on iho dropping of a flag, tnppoabd to bo tho rtcogoibiid tigunl, tbu horses got 1\. way; and Po:rel ntidBiuiy aeon hnditaU to iborusidvor, tbo marc, after an oxalting ran, wionirg by half a Inr&tti.; Too threo miles worudtuo in 5miu. 5G.soe. Lyqll uow pro claimed it tu bo no rso', ioaumuuh m thoagli there .wud a lowciiug ol tho flag, ho dida't say "off, "and a majority ol tbu ntowayds oonoac Hug, tbough nr.L-o o| tho owners ot tbo boraes cifrtcd any objection, it was decided tho rooo ihnald be ran again. Patrol won wi'h'frAwu, aud Bppfy B-nhui rdio c/uu t) o Becd heat, beatiug Harpu'if Orlando, fjrcw.'s GirryowcD, i-nd Mills's Littlo Juhu. Lnli'ti miaipsiJi'gcintnt wua lovomly auirnad vnitedou, and thmigbtbu duy'o progr&mmiwes; thnn nrexpeoteoly irtorciwcd, no nnn denied that n buogliup, ttiough uuiutentlonal, iujaa- lion bad been dote. Iu the All- Aged Stakes (beat- ) P.drsl ran aw»y fiom ti 0 rojt. nud was um oisy winnnr. On tho next d»y priz s tall to both Pitr>l nno BcKuy, tho firmur winning thn LadikV Punsi:, und <ho hit or ttio Publioans,' Soiuudranknn ucriminHgo ooouirzd, and a mopt cow&rdlv; and unDrovokcd.asiault was ooiLmitted on Mr Juhu O'Shatuj, fall par tionlurs of which appouv iu thu Ohnptor of Ti lals, P«trfl soorcd tho Fohokd Handioai' on tho thbd .day, and ou iquatiug boeountsbada balauco m the right iao ot tbo ledgoj to tho tuuo ol a £50 note. (To be continued,) 