S 'EHOESi 'F LOU NE:.. SThe gehtle. ohronio dullnest3 that; gene rally prevades the red-cushionedand gilded hallaof.th'e:Ldgislative 'Council Chamber. hha been:rsoinewhat enlivened ?during,;the week .libythe examination:at the table'ind bar:-of the House of-inembers of iboth branohes sof 'the .legial profession, callebd upontb!ogive aevidencd for and against 'the rovisionsdof: the bill that is to abolish the time -hono'ured : distinction. between the barrister and the 'attorney.' Gentlemen who liad beeinin by-gone days' moembers of any of the: ma?y:.Ministries with whicli: Vie? toria has been ;blessed-or cursed--were admitted: within' theo sacred precincts' so jealously:guarded from the intrusion'of thd common herd 'by the Usher of the Blabk. lRod- while those who had not: enjoyed 'the' proud; .privilege" of writing themselves Executive Cduncillors were' fain' to:be' con tent with a' dhair at the'bar.'iFor an enti?e evening, Sir: Archibald'.Michie; who is in favour of the bill fqr amalgamatiiigi the two:brai~ches of the 'devil's brigade," iad' tr..i?ownshend " M'Dermott, ?"wh~o irbia a tooth-and- nail ropponeint of the 'measlire, keptthe grave and'reverendseigniors of-the Council.in a^ simnieri of merrimelnt, while replying to the questions, noref or less re levantbpiopounded by honourable members. The 'Judges. who ' were ;invited :to, attenid have, .-with the!' exeeption? iof the' Chief: Justice; now allientin 'New South Wales, declinid;the in"vitation, alleging'fas an'ei cdse .their wjilh not to express an opinidn" on !:thed "policy'r of' a measiue "'before Parliament.' " :'«Oh 'wise' a"ad 'upright Judges l.': .,<;;.- i I1 : n tne-;Assemoiy tite -toe nmono t have kept the noses.of -their, suppor res to the grindstone, iwhich&' 'for thel nonce. id i the Lahd Bill. lThis measure his 'now- asse'd through the ordeal 'of: comiiittee:and the talk is now. anent. the postpobfid,'clauiseis. The strelim of' 6atory has.nowh early runi dry, and next weekivill.witness the tranS lation of the naginus opus of ,tle sessiol fo' "another Wilac',' as i~oemberi? of the' Assembly are; by-the forms 'anddusagas df Parliament, compelled to describbethe;ad joiling UppeilChamber. . \- Mr. Bent,,by aisnaster fstroke bf'-policy' to'be credited to Mr. Seivid e bhas been in-: stalled: leader o6f:,t?he Oppositioni -As: a, means ofecalming-the somewhat exuberant spirits; of.. thoe chosen of 'ther'-Brightoi electorate,. no :better' means -could have. been devised. ;Mr. Bsit; with his new-bori honouirsithick upon' him,i?.vidintly feels that to. some extent noblesse oblige, and accordinglyliias -set'a'curb1over a tongub that;mah beomildly defined as "unruly." I 1 Inoidentally, duiring tlh'E:dfsodssion on thd Estimates :in thb Assembly on Thurs day;; the ?ictdrian !Ariny wis bo6fglht'intb ;the field:.: Lieut:-Colonel- Smish'denoun'ced 'ohr militia as disham; and roundlyj abused " horse; foot;;anddragoons." M r. Servide, however; -had prpared', a statement'which placed matters:in=a-very-favourable light, and the colony, it-Pappears, may now con gratulate itself onbeing in possessionwof a band of .citizen ,soldiers, ; of -a : loet'of vessels, and a bod'yof sailors, fully equal torepel any, attack, likelyito..be made by Rusasinf; Prussiati, or ,Frenchman. ýThe weakest part of the defence scheme .is, ýap parently in the arm of .cavalry, . The mounted .force, of Victoria; as .et out.iii the retirn submitted to the: Assembly bj the Premier, figures as follows:-" Mounted Rifles, one," The whole cavalry of .thd colony is now employed in escorting his Ex- cellency Sir H. B.Loch from Government House to his office in the Treasury Build, ings and back again. Any enemy landing a large force of Horse Marines would thus have.it all his own way, as far as - that particular branch of fighting men is con cerned. , . The Divorce Court has been fully occu pied during the week; and the matrimonial tie has been severed in no less than six in stances; only two complaining husbands being unsuccessful in ridding themselves of their better half. None of the cases presented any features of interest, beyond the fact that in every instance the husband was the complainant, and that 'two of the suits were brought under the new Judi- cature Bill. Although " women's rights' are—thanks to the pertinacity of the fair sex in asserting them—pretty well recog- nised at the present time, it is evident from the decisions of the judges that the right of "free love" has not yet been conceded to them. A few months ago Peter MAinslih'a far mer, residing near tincefield,, was f6ujnd dead, .with. two gunshot wotihds, in' the body, lying near his owiproperty. On Tuiesday Williaii' O'Brien; the dispossessed Awner of the land; was found,guilty of the i~urder, and sentenced to death without hope of mercy.. This is the termination of the first agrariisn outrage perpetrated on Victorian soil, and. it. is toj be hoped the waining;convoyed in the iate that has overt taken the.i prpetrator will act as a,, de tLrrent to any, persons who. may feel dis posec to traupjipal oneu pt te, customa or I "' Ould Ireland ' t our. shores:,. , . . .. Acbcoriding fo ..p eseit. appearances the comipletion ,of. thefront of.,our.Parliamen ,tsry hnildi gaipears; to to.os .farroff.rs, ever. Mr.', Sniil,A.mess, frightened byl tlih hardnoess, of th v Stwell;istone, haswde cri licd to1'proceed with his contraqt,rand "thrown- himself upon the generosity.qfi tlhe G6vernnment."- T'raislated into plain English, this :meafs' that the contractor 'hopes lhi'depbsit'of5000OOO willlje retirnedI to.hiii, and that; apaynient of some £~7000 more will bo. :ade to, dompensato' himi for the unsightly scaffolding that foryearska t| has: l6omed:at the top 6f -Bouirke-street.l Whether ithe ; modest request will lie -granted-or notremains to bo seen "-People, when dealing withi: the money -of others, are generally disposed to b generous,andin "?.1 ?nB,?llf:M.v T~r.mnu... whaLe ?nL~bn:~i?.1 ? when Mayor of Melbourne most h?onour-' 'ablo 'members' h'ye 'enjoeyed, will not beb .ery' harshly 'lealt with.. After all iio one h'svery muchliright to complain except the .Kalizoon Society, who bhave been (compelldd to gaze upon. thlq n sightly timber erection that has faced'no of our priicipal thoroughfares for" weary months and ling'ring days." Thleo iuiruest held on Thursday on the body of a young man named Herbert ichtirdt . Smart, who is said to have lately iirrived from Tasmania,' disclosed the fact that after all the unfortunate swain, over come 'by a omiantic affectioil for 'Miss Emelie Melville,' thought tle best eay of cobino liir .nassiorn wasma',luen 'into the unsavoury Yarra. The letter in which he toldhis love. to the somewhat ancient prima donna was neither ' a hoax nor an adver tisement, as at firstsurmiped. " Evidently young ,Smart was .not a believer in-that portion of hoe Chirchl. of England liturgy which forbids aman: marrying his grand mother. .,.. ,1~,The master passion'"claims'yet another victii, the, giri Irwin, shot in the ,head by'Beyer, who subsequently killed himself with the sameroyplver, havingon Wed nesday succumbed to herinjuries. The death, of . Mrs. Payne, in Sydney, which a coroner's jury .has.pronouuced to beo due, to the hand of..a murderer, has caused'e?qliries,.to. h.madoe which have elicited the fact that, although she was wealth. hlir fatlhr in at ersent an in mate of th'e Melbourne BenevolentAsylum. And not only had poor old Stanborough, who'iow oeats the braid of b'eneolence, a rich daughter,,li t;at ,the- present time he can bozist ofnearr'elatives who drive their owncarridge;ý,eair'prple and fine linen, and?fareo umptuouslyevery day.. Are not these pdeople who allow their relations to be quartered in a charitable institution as guilty: of a ,,fraudr-as a nnu, who pjicks;,a " Fun on the Bristol". till ruxisat the Bijou, and no,,change is' yet announced. " .Romeo and Joiliet'. still continues to draw large audiences, and will also remain on the bills untilfurther notice. "Hand and Glove'? is-the name of a'ilew comedy- dramna to be::played to-night 'at ,the Princess fot_ the; firat:: time in Anitralia. At :tli Royal "MqoheAdoAbout Nothing" has ggiven: place'to the ." Silver King,' Miss genevievo Ward!.and Mr: Veornon"rhavinri givqn their farewell performance last night. 