THE V-RC. WINTER KflEETSNG. TIPS FOR THE GRAND NA TIONAL Br ECLIPSE, Faith, Hope, and Cliatity— tha oardinal virtues— nhonld whine out prominontly to tho characters of tho present-day backers o borees, (or if over tho-a throo qualities wero essential to salvation, tho follower# of tbo pro-' phots m thw, tbe nineteenth century, noed thorn soralv. I hnvn just been having a look through tbe fiich of Thk Hkuai.m for thu past half dozan yonra, aud huvo amused myself by com paring tho opinions of tho sporting tipstein on tho dailies and weeklies of the period, and although now and again a fibiuing light has arisen nnd oclijued his con temporaries, c ife," "ands," '"hut," aod other provisos, predominate largely in the compo sition of each of tbo various vaticinali ins of the j.rophoU culled by Thk Herald from the boat of its contemporaries and summarised prior to every big meeting, (ho faith, hope, and charity of the backers of tho predictions mint on thu wliolo havo been largely oxoroisod. Howovor, ns the public do liko our tip?, and as Thk Herald i-, at lunfit, as near tbo mark always as most of its contemporaries, I shall make tho fclbwing attempt at spotting tho littlo pea hidden uudor the thimblo at Ffemicgton to-morrow. The prucecdinps commence with THE MAIDEN HURDLE RACE which will, £ thiolc, fall to t-Uhsr Stafford or Lady Teazlp, who will experience much diffi culty in shaking off Hazard. Tho judge's decision may ho— BTAFFGKD I HAZARD 2 THE GHOST 3 MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE- MARQUIS of WATKRFORD. THE GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE line threo clinking good hones engaged in it, viz: — "Rtugwood, Don Quixote, aud The Joker (to say nothing ot Malnn, who ia an unlikely starter), I have always entertained such a high opinion of MrDoeald Wnlhco's horse Hinco I naw him as a throe yoar old beat such aoimals as Sportsiruu, Belladrum and Kanaka, wincing theMoidou Hurdle Race two years back at this boiuo meeting in a Gild of sixteen runners, that I am bound to have him ou my tido to-morrow. Tho Don. moreover, has shown us by hin tocond to Fryicgpau iu the Bookmakers' I'uree 1 inile (ruu in imtu 42ec) that ho in a ruceborsu all ovor, and I certainly think that whatever beats him will win, The Joktv aud Ilirgwood will each tako a lot of b&atiug;, nnd tho plucod horsou uhould finish— DON QUIXGTK 1 THISOOKKU 2 1UNUWOOD » THE G W- STEEPLECHA3E will probably attract some half aoore hors03 to tho post, Lizotto, Australian Court, and Famo ttriko inane being tbu trio from which tho winnpr will spring, and though it i an utmually long iiino since Corrig.au rods tho winner of a roup, I shall expect him to steer a couple to-morrow, aud Fasik, I fancy, will be tlio firal". Too situations should be filied by— FAME 1 LIZICTTK 2 AUSTRALIAN COURT 3 THE SELLING HURDLE RACE I havo anidoa that CjtrigaQ will onto to thu front agaiu iu this ovvot, end although telling races of every description are boat left olnoo until tho poit is reached, I will ho/.ird au opinion that the following may be the elate of tho po:l when tho munbsrs ffe up 1— FUOSPEGT I YARREE 2 MERRI 3 THE FLAT RACE is a very hardnntto ccaok, as somo twenty live or -thirty horsoo may start for tho mile event. I liko Bcoltto, Bassaoio. IronmaBtor and Guy Faux best, aud if Mr Wbittiugbuiu's big chetmut bo in tbo humor ho litluuin about will. My idcuti ata t— IRONMASTER 1 BASSANIO 2 GUYr FAUX 3 