SPIRITUALISM AS A POSITIVE FORCE. TO THE EDITOB. Oir— in this letter l turn my back to the sensational part of spiritualism, with the follies of the pros and cons altogether, and point to the all- important fact that the best scientists of our age have, after exhaustive examination by exact methods, decided on the existence of a power in Nature heretofore misunderstood and sadly abused by direct im postors on the one hand and by noninvesti gating parties (including high names) on the other hand. This 'power positive' was baptised by the eminent lights of science— William Crookes,Sergeant Cox, and Huggins— Psychic force ; and if we reduce all the weird stories, mixed with frauds of imagination, simply to the fact of its being there, it ought to be enough to justify a careful handling by the Press, to guard it against the im position of tricksters, doctors, and professors, This force moves solid bodies without contact cr traceable agencies, heals diseases, makes people talk in foreign tongues, produces all sorts of incomprehensible phenomena (called; miracles), and, according to William: Crookes's latest expression on' the new philosophy, works a revolution in the whole aspect of the future, whereby old and obstinate notions drop like clods from the boots in the march of progress. Now, Sir, in the present rather rough phase of modern materialism, which rubs hard on the white robe of spiritualism, seme impatient folks attack this ' gra3e of Providence' because it won't produce pounds, shillings, and pence (the trinity of the age) on the spot. And this sort of enquirer would be satisfied, in his greed for knowledge, if there could be something like turning machinery by it, although it turns tables and brains where they are not tacked to mother earth. We would have converts by the million if suddenly a Psychic-force Company, Limited, would start. The exis tence of this stupendous power is now so firmly defended by eminent honest scientists after a fair round of sound sifting that I take one-sided writers against it as 'hirelings of a lie,' of which we have prominent specimens in Vienna and Berlin. Whilst the Press, particularly in Germany, presented to the public only the suspicious side of spiritualism on surface observation, it is a characteristic feature of the periodicals on spiritualism, now numbering about fifty-six over the world, to bring out the ungarblea full extent of any attack from scientific quarters, heedless of the damaging influence to new subscribers. The celebrated Dr. Carpenter, exceptionally claiming personal investigation, enjoyed his full swing up to his nailing down the lid of the coffin of poor spiritualism. His hammering away terrified the bystanders until the ghost of spiritualism peeped smilingly over his shoulders, and the hammering was drowned in the ring of laughter. Eight or ten years ago the sceptics could be divided into Car pentarians, Huxleyites, and Tyndallites. Huxley rejected investigation on account of the silly character of manifestations, as if his 'taste' was consulted in the then burning question. Tyndall played tricks himself, thereby to prove that all was moonshine. This was some ton years ago, and probably people would be surprised if there were a chance to get the honest opinion of these gentlemen now. They left the suggestive lesson to the world that men distinguished in one department of science may be erring in a strange new country. Some people (the after crop of Huxleyites) still scorn the ridiculous trivial antics of the jumping table, forgetting over the appearance the stupendous cause of these silly freaks of Nature. A dog brought up to the drawing-room will bark at rough boots on the carpet, to be sure ; and so I suffered the other day at the coffee-table volleys of abuse against the excesses of the Salvation Army, which all men of taste cer tainly regret, and all the while I was tor tured with discordant music outside — Is this not quite like the pious religionist who exclaims— ' I hate and detest that infernal swearing ?" In the present universal con fusion between right and wrong, and crossing swords between taste, habit, and experience, one must be content with a smile at these foolish inconsistencies. The contest between matter and spirit will get still hotter. The prophets of matter are to me no better than grocers. They sift gross particles, and the highly gifted analytical geniuses only offer now and then a kind of religious sigh on the incomprehensible nature of the hidden forces. The bulk scrapes only off the vessel as it were, and don't inform us what is inside. Science has produced marvellous tools to ex amine matter in and out, far and near, yea, the ' feelers' of the spectroscope touch even on the most distant stars and fumble about the nebula ; and who will deny the glory of science in beholding the pyramids of Egyp tian fleshpots rising out of practical, devoted research ? I am accused of despising science, but only the other day I bought a new ' tin' for a trifle and made a jolly dinner of it, and I am only angry over closing the door against a new visitor to the benefit of mankind. The whole situation of our age is admirably de picted in that popular sculptural triumph of genius, ' You dirty boy.' That boy is modern materialism and good 'granny' spiritualism. He gets his thorough soaping, and I feel sure, if that little wretch looks smart again— both go to Church, after the latter, too, underwent a white-washing. I may here quote some lines from the London weekly periodical Light of April 19, to learn the views of a rev. gentleman M.A. (Oxon.), the chief writer of the paper: — 'The truth is that an absorbing interest in spiritual matters is spreading all around us. Men of thought are tired of the husk of a crude materialism. They desire to know whether this petty life is the be-all and end-all of existence, whether immortality is a dream and matter the only reality. They do not necessarily accord belief to the many preten sions made by those whom, for this purpose, I may comprehensively describe as spiritua lists ; they enquire, observe, and investigate Some busy themselves with a spiritualism that is only less material than the baldest materialism. Some yield expectant atten sion to stories, which, if they did not come from afar off, would not seriously occupy them. But all, in various ways, express by voice and act their wish to probe and test the assertion, loudly and persistently made, that there is a world of spirit and that man can know of it — that there is a life beyond the grave and that man can prove it. This it is that brings minds the most divergent into sympathy and accord as to the broad subject of their search. This multiplies the means of associated effort, and places the Saturday Review and journals of a kindred type in a position the aptest illustration of which is supplied by the Atlantic Ocean, Mrs. Partington and her mop.' William Howitt speaks thus of the ' Value of Spiritualism' : —'Amid all the contradictions, difficulties, trivialities, spiritual falsities, and doubts attending spiritual enquiries, on casting our eyes over trie broad field of spiritualism, and noting the facts which stand up like islands in the ocean, we perceive with profound satisfaction that these facts, developed in various times and various places, and occur ring to different persona even in continents and parts of the two hemispheres widely sepaiated, and in individuals unknown to each other, nevertheless present a singular identity of character, a family feature un mistakable, and such as demonstrate their origin in certain fixed and eternal laws. These are the permanent results of a vast and world-wide experience, the rudiments of the science of psychology constructed, not of abstractions, but of realities accessible to the enquiries of all men. Herein lies the trae ana indestructible value of spiritualism. All that is false in it will die off like the fogs from a morning landscape, and leave the landscape clear and beautiful under the full resplendence of the unclouded sun of truth. Whatever is false will perish because it is false ; whatever is true will remain because it is true.' As a proof of the resistance offered against the spreading of enquiry the following from the same paper may serve: — 'Some spiritualists in Budweis, wishing to form a circle, applied to the Municipal Council of Prague for permission to hold meetings for that purpose, and were refused. They then made application to the Ministry of the Inte rior, and were again repulsed, under the advice of the Superior Sanitary Council, on the ground that such circles had been re poited to occasion insanity.' Are we to hear next of the interdiction, for the same reason, of music, religion, politics, and other subjects besides ? The Neue Freie Presse (Vienna) continues its skirmishing against spiritism; it calls it now " only occupation for winter evenings." We think winter evenings are too often worse employed. With these remarks and quotations I must conclude my epistle with a few words of gratitude to the Editor of the Register for encouraging fair play in a momentous pro blem, and I feel sure such a tribute from the people at large will soon follow. The social, material danger to persons who stand up for the truth is not to be ignored. I think I have had already some tokens of it, and this may be my apology for asking your kind consideration. It will be seen that stopping the thing ' by so-called' exposures will only amount to the fun of the jolly Irishman who covered the spring of the Thames with his hand, wondering what the folks in London would say when the river stopped flowing. I would not think nor say anything disrespectful in regard to the highly valuable disclosures at Vienna, but feel inclined to suggest that intelligences may be eminently fitted to rule Austrian subjects, but not spirits, and wind up with a strav spark from Light— 'Dogmatic negation is a fault; to doubt is a right, to examine is a duty.-Dr. Georget.' If people ask why I could devote so much work and time to the cause apart from my profession I may explain that this is just my most musical task, namely, tuning the mightiest instruments of heaven and earth, religion, and science into harmonious con cord. I am, Sir, &c;, C. REIMERS. Saving Himself Trouble.— Amongst the guests at a large American hotel wa3 a maiden lady from the rural districts. The landlord noticed that about 9 o'clock every night she would come down stairs, get a pitcher of water, and return to her room. ' One night,' he said, ' I made so bold as to speak to her, and asked her why she did not ring the bell for a hall-boy to bring the water for her r ' But there is no bell in my room.' ' No bell in yqnr room, Madam ! Pray let me show yon f and with that I took the pitcher of water in my hand and escorted her to her apartment. Entering the room, I pointed out to her the knob of the electric bell. She gazed at it with a sort of horror, and then exclaimed, 'Dearme! la that a bell? Why the hall-boy told me that it was the fire-alarm signal, and that I must never] touch it, except in case of Sre 1° And that is how the hall-boy saved himself the trouble of going for water. 