T ''SlMOBtrJOHNSONr Born September 18, 1709 ; died December 1$ . ; '. . 1784. ' ? f : A Philistine of the Philistines, Samuel Johnson stands* for all time as the' central figure of the English literary life of thef eighteenth century. Critics of a more liberal' and cultivated if of a less sincere aud out-' spoken age wonder that such a man as be/ with his big, ungainly figure, his haraU1 mannerisms and blind prejudices, should! have been accepted as their dictator by men' liks the greatest of English orators, tie! noblest of English painters, or him of whorfl' Johnson himself said, c- NuUum quod tetigit non ornavlt.' The secret of his extra ordinary power over his contemporaries isto be found in the genuine character of the1 man. In the eighteenth century England was English to the core. The world had not yfet1 grown so weary as to despise patriotism, nor* bo wise as to scoff at religion. Now, Johnsfin1 was the type of a literary John Ball. England1 was the god of his idolatry, London was to' him the centre of the universe, George IIL' was the finest gentleman in it. Religion then'' was a real thing ; it' was active and bellicose. Part of its creed was hatred of the French^ and Johnson could see [nothing good in' them. A Tory must detest everything! American, and Johnson, the last of the; Tories, says :— ' I am willing to love all man-- kind, except an American.' A firm believer: in the divine right of kings he strongly dis approved of the Royal Marriage Bill, 'because,' said he, 'I would not have the' people think that the validity of marriage : depends on the will of man, or that the right' of a king depends on the will of man.': If! he could come to life again now the liberali zation of our Universities would shock him,: 'Our Universities were founded to bring up members for the Church of England,-' and we must not supply our enemies with1 arms from our arsenal.' All this we now re-i cognise to be bigotry and prejudice,* but In Johnson's time they were articles in the- Tory faith, And he never minced words in ' saying what was given him to say. With no ' sympathy for the spiritnalj.or the artistio side of human [nature, he laid hold of th'er practical with a firm strong grasp. Matter*- i of fact and prosaic to the core, he acquired! the influence over his world which a strong mind must always wield over gentler spirits;' and hence it is that we find all literary Eng*n land subservient to his every whim. Oneortwo1 herejand there— some ^Horace Walpolebr1 Charles James Fox— would refuse to listen: to the voice 'of this strong charmer, ttrt' Burke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, Garrick, Beau* '. clerk, Langton, and Percy will .hang on ?his! every word. . . : : ?:;! r ' We question much whether our age knows i much of Johnson's works. How many even1 ? 'have read Boswell's 'life?' The Times said'a short time ago thatlthe best.way^to celebrate! .Johnson's centenary waa to become better i ! acquainted with his life and works, and thevery .: article in which it gave this excellent ad vice showed its ignorance ot main points In his story. We know of no better bookior a I man to keep by him for leisure moments^ No.' ?matter where the volume opens there iB mat-' ter of interest. : To read it through from las-1 ginning to end is not a whit more pleasing.: and instructive than to lay regular siege to '? the ' Faery Queene.' In his 'Life' Boswell; has laised a monument to his idol more en-' during than brass. When the 'Rambler'; and the ' Idler,' when 'Rasselas' and the Vanity of Human Wishes have been forgotten,) when even the 'lives of the Poets' and the: Dictionary are no more than relics, Boswell's : 'Life of Johnson' will b8 remembered..' Until recently it was accepted as the greatest; biography in the world, and, until better: cause be shown, we for ourselves canhofr thick that it in any way yields to Fronde's 'Life of Carlyle.' And it will last for thfe: reason. Everything which is genuinely' human is of interest to mankind^ ' And in Boswell's pages the Man isr everywhere clearly visible. Here is no shilly- i Bhally, undecided clothes-prop, whispering, nothings delicately, and delighting fashion- ? ables with his dilettante talk. He is a real ? man, speaking in a big manly voiee— nayi' sometimes shouting furiously — who hesitates : at nothing. He dashes along with a heroic might and speed. Life iB to him a Beriousi thing. It must be undertaken seriously.' To him, as surely as to Bunyan, the world' was filled with powers of evil. There must be no turning back, they must' be attacked with all vigour, and con-' quered, whatever befall. Smolletts and Walpolefl mayjestorsneerathim, may call him the ' Great Cham of Literature,' or talk' of his ' blind Toryism and known brutality,' but Johnson had his work to do and merely tossed off Buch assailants as one brushes flios; away in summer. Above all things, he lived' in the constant presence of a hereafter. Death was to him more than a ceasing to live.i It was the beginning of another life, the first step upon a new sphere with boundless poten tialities, His life was miserable at its close, yet he dreaded to die. The burdens which age and disease and the loss of friends imposed upon him were no light fardels, yet he chose rather to bear them, being filled with an intense fear of death. As his life was drawing to a close, ' it was observed to Dr. Johnson that it seemed strange that he who had so often delighted his company by hU ively and brilliant conversation should Bay be was miserable.' Johnson—' Alas ! it is all outside; I may be cracking my joke, and cursing the sun— Sun, how ; / hate thy beams /'' Brave, he felt that bravery had no place where' it could avail nothing ; wise, he knew hia faults too well ; honest, he could not feign a calm which he did not feel— and thus his thoughts of death were ever clouded with1 doubts and fears. ? ' ' All this— this manliness in life, thiB sin cerity, this helplessness before the eternitieB — is distinctly human and entirely English. Carlyle, himself somewhat of a Johnson without hiB sincerity, reminds us of the pro verb, 'The life of the lowest mortal,' if faithfully recorded, would be interesting 'to' the highest,' and proceeds — ' How much more when the mortal in question was already distinguished in fortune and natural quality, bo that his thinkings and doings1 ?were not significant of himself' only, but of large masses of mankind.' . Such a mortal was Samuel Jphnson. ' ? -y But his biography should live longer than; his works for this reason also. He was a born conversationalist. If that critic was right who described Goldsmith as one ? Who wrote li&e; an angel, and talked like poor Poll, it is fair to Bay that Johnson wrote like a man of great talent, but talked like a genius. It was when he was sitting at the head of the table, when the members of the Club were listening to hiB every word; that Johnson was in his glory. All kinds of topics were started, and on all Johnson had some thing to say. He had read more' than any there; he was a profound Latin scholar ; and his knowledge of English litera ture was unequalled. At times jiiB whole being would be Btirred to the depths by ian antagonist's challenge. No man could Jay down any dogma, but the doctor was pre pared to meet it, to contradict it, and, to triumph by fair means or by foul; . Foe he by no meana hesitated to bawl down such of bis opponents as could not be 'reasoned down. 'Why, no, Sir,' was the invariable exorf diem, and then he thundered forth. ; And, triumphing aa he did in conversation, it is by his -conversation that he ought to be judged. Boswell has given a full account of euch evenings at the Club aB he witnessed, and in his vivid account of Johnson and his talk lies the chief charm of his life. , . Let ob finish about Boswell at once. Most people have got their opinion about him from Macaulay's famouB essay on Croker's edition! Some few have drawn the same conclusions from a perusal of' the life. It seems to u$ that Boswell has been judged too harshly. Macaulay's brilliant paradox, 'If he:iad not been a great fool, he would never have been a great writer,' has influenced -'the judgment of many. But was Boswell a great fool? He wrote the most extraordinary things ; with the extremest minuteness he recorded all the angry and contemptuous remarkB which Johnson made about him. Above all things, he was a biographer and a hero-worshipper. He admired Johnson from the bottom of his heart, and spared uo pain if he cotfdbut make him seem greater., H6 introduction, to his hero ie excellent reading, and aa it affords a sample of his whole af ter- cctdwt ue reproduce the story, ', \' .:7/' __ ' On Monday, thflJffiliujIMAy, when I was sitting in Mr. Daviea's rback parlour, after having drank tea with him and Mjs. Davies, Jolnson unexpectedly came into the shop, and Mr. Davies having perceived him, through the glass door in- the room in which we were sitting, advancing towards ns, he announced his awful aDproach to me some what in the manner of an actor in the part of Horatio when he ad dresses Hamlet on the appearance of hia father's ghost, 'Look, my Lord, it comes !' I found that I had a very perfect idea of Johnson's figure, from the portrait of him painted by Sir Joshua Eeynolds soon after he had published his Dictionary, in the attitude of sitting in his easy chair in deep meditation ; which was the first picture his friend did for him, which Sir Joshua very kindly presented to me. Mr. Davies men tioned my name, and respectfully introduced me to him. I was much agitated ; and recol lecting hia prejudice against the Scotch, of which I had heard much, I said to Davies, *' Don't tell where I come from.' 'jferoni Scotland,' cried Davies, roguishly. . 'Mr. Johnson,' said I, ' I do indeed come from Scotland, but I cannot help it.' I am willing to flatter myself that I meant this as light pleasantry to soothe and conciliate him, and not as an humiliating abasement at the expense of my country. But, however that might be, this speech was somewhat unlucky ; for with that quickness of wit for which he was so remarkable, he seized the expression, '?come from Scotland,' which I used in the sense, of being of that country ; and, as if I had said that I had come away from it, or left it, retorted— -'That, Sir, I find, is what a very great many of your countrymen cannot help.' ? This stroke stunned me a good deal, and when we had sat down I felt myself not a little embarrassed, and apprehensive of what might come next. This extract may suffice to give such readers as have hitherto denied themselves the pleasure of reading Boswell, some idea of what his book is like. Only twice, so far as we remember, does he hesitate to say the whole truth. Johnson was too hard upon him, and even Boswell could not immortalize his utter discomfiture. Another man had once the intention of writing the life of Johnson. A man of quite another stamp from Boswell, Dr. Samuel Parr would have represented a different side of the doctor's character. He often engaged in wordy war with the redoubtable dictator, and, if we are to believe himself, was not always unsuccessful. Let the reader see from the first meeting of Johnson and Parr what kind of man the latter was. They met in Langton's house, and, when Parr had left, Johnson said to his host— , 'Sir, I am obliged to you for having asked me this evening. Parr is a fair man. I do cot know when I have had an occasion of such free controversy.' -Parr, alluding to this meeting, said— ' I remember this interview well ; I gave him no quarter. The subject of our . dispute was the liberty of the Press. Dr. Johnson was very great. Whilst he was arguing I observed that he stamped ; . upon this I stamped. Dr. Johnson said, ' Why did you stamp, Dr. Parr?' I replied, 'Sir, because you stamped, and I was resolved not to give yon the advantage even of a stamp in the argument.' ' As a critic Johnson will be remembered for his ' lives of the Poets.' Ona does not always agree with his estimates of the various men and books which passed under bis notice. Thus, few will think less of Gray because Johnson condemned him. Yet it is due to his memory to acknowledge that he wrote much less severely about the author of the 'Elegy' than he spoke. 'Sir,' he said to Boswell, ' he (Gray) was dull in company, dull in his closet, doll everywhere. He was dull in a new way, and that made many people think him great. He was a mechanical poet.' Another poet whom Johnson could not appreciate was Milton. Here is what he says of ' Lycidaa :'— ' The diction is harsh, the rhymes uncertain, and the numbers unpleas ing. ... In this poem there is no nature, for there is no truth ; there is no art, for there is nothing new.' But the reader who wants to know how Johnson could write when his sympathies were roused should renew his acquaintance with the monographs on Pope, Savage, Dryden, or Young. These contain specimens of beautiful pro3e, and they are marked by strong critical powers. How about Johnson as a poet ? He wrote verses against his genius. He was too great a rhetorician to be much of a poet, and too genuine a man to be a satirist like Pope or ChurchilL When he came to London satires were the fashion. In James the First's days every young poet wrote a play ; when the early Georges reigned every young poet wrote a satire. Hence Johnson's ' London,' which was published in the same year as Pope wrote his ' 1738.' The older writer sought to discover the author of ' London,' but could only ascertain that he wa3 some obscure person named Johnson. 'He will be diterre' said Pope. This satire will be chiefly remembered for the line Slow rises worth, by poverty depress' J, and the couplet — . AH sciences a fasting Monsieur know3, And bid him go to hell ; to hell he goe3. The latter a free imitation of Juvenal's— Augur, schoenobates, medicos, magus; omnia i novit ? Gneculus esuriens ; in coelum jusseria, ibit. Some eleven years later, in the same year that Gray finished hia 'Elegy,' Johnson published what must be considered his finest poem. The ' Vanity of Human Wishes' is an imitation of Juvenal's Tenth Satire. It contains several lines of rare worth— some of which have almost become household words. Such are : — Deign on the passing world to turn thine eyes, ' And pause awhile from learning, to be wise ; or, ? Around his tcmb let Art and Genius weep, Bat hear his death, ye blockheads, hear and sleep; or, From Marlb'rough's eyes the streams of dotage !. flow. And Swift expires a driv'ler and a show. Perhaps the best known of all Johnson's conpleta is that one which he inserted in Goldsmith's '?' Traveller :'— ' How small, of all that human hearts endure. ' That part which kings or laws can cause or cure ! Would readers like tosee Johnson aa a comic poet? Here i3 one of his effusions, which, we believe, few would recognise as his:— Hermit poor, in solemn cell. Wearing ont life's evening grey, Strike thy bosom, sage, and tell, Which is bliss and which the way? Thns I spoke, and speaking sighed, Scarce repressed the starting tear, ' When the hoary sage replied, : ' Come, my lad, and drink some beer !' This is elephantine humour enough. John sob's gambols were all of this nature. When he made a joke he roared it out, and there was none of that subtle irony and keen wit which could cut without bruising. John son's humour was of the sledge- hammer kind. You feel it because it is so big and heavy. In 1755 Johnson finished his Dictionary. Everybody knows how he struggled on at this great work alone and almost unaided. ' The English Diction ary,' he write3 in his Preface, ' was written with little assistance of the learned, and without any patronage of the great, amidst inconvenience and distraction, in sickness and in sorrow. :1 It was received with -enthusiasm and compliments, but Johnson cared for none of these things. ' I may sure be contented,' he says further, ' without the praise of perfection which if I could obtain in this gloom of solitude what would it avail ! I have protracted my work till most of those ?whom I wished to please have sunk into the grave, and success and miscarriage are empty eoonds. I therefore dismiss it with frigid tranquillity, having nothing to fear or hope from censure or from praise.' Some of the definitions are matter of history. ' Patron' ?-is 'a wretch who supports with, insolence and is paid with flattery.' ' Lexicographer' ?is 'a harmless drudge that busies himself in 'tracing the original and detailing the signifi cation of words.' ' Network' is ' anything reticulated or decussated at equal distances, with interstices between the intersections.' Sat the definitions about which most noise was made were those of ' Pension,1 'a grant lnade to any one without an equivalent. In England it is generally understood to mean :pay Riven to a State hireling for treason to ?hia country,' and 'Pensioner,' 'a slave of State, hired by a stipend to obey his master.' When, some- five years later, he -himself, accepted a pension, a load outcry was made, and his satiri(»l' definitions were thrown in this teeth.- JohttBon could afford to despised i these, and his pension of : £300 ..*' year, was turned to good account Beside* himself, it maintained five persona and saved them from the workhouse. He did, indeed, endeavour to return the obligation by means of certain political pamphlets ; but here he was wan dering from hia own path, and the tracts fell flat. ' . ?/ .?-.-- ? ., If the present article were intended to be more than a mere sketch of Johnson's life-work, we should give here some account of the ThraleB, with whom he was so intimately connected, and. who had certainly great influence upon his character. But we must content ourselves with merely mentioning the fact. Of his domestic life there is little to be said. He married a woman much older than himself, and alwayB loved her tenderly. He had a curious way of asserting his authority at times. Witness his description to Boswell of their Petruchio— Catherine ride on horse back after their marriage. ' Sir, she had read the old romances, and had got into her head the fantastical notion that a woman of spirit should use her lover like a dog. So, Sir, at first she told me that I rode too fast,'and she could not keep up with me ; and when I rode a little slower, she passed me and complained that I lagged behind. I was not to be made the slave of caprice, and 1 resolved to begin as I meant to end. I therefore pushed on briskly till I was fairly out of her sight. The road lay between two hedges, so 1 was sure she could not miss it, and I contrived she should come up with me j when she did, I observed her to be in tears.' A word about Johnson's style. It has always been the subject of severe criticism since, if not before. Goldsmith remarked to him 'If you were to write a fable about little fishes, Doctor, you would make the little fishes talk like whales.' Macaulay invented a term for Johnson's language — 'Johnsonese,' and Hazlitfc went further in philosophic criticism when he wrote — ' Doctor Johnson endeavoured to give an air of dignity and novelty to his diction by affecting the order of words used in poetry.' In fine, Johnson was a Latinist ; his words and their arrangement are alike Latin. Re garded as such, he was a master of language, because he could express himself with clear ness and dignity ; but regarded as an English writer, he takes a comparatively low rank. With all his faults— and he had a great many— Johnson was a power for good. A hundred years have passed to-day since he breathed his last. Hia dying bed was sur rounded by the greatest men of the literary world— men who had known of his life's work, and who had often felt the weight of his bitterest attacks. He had a kind word and a farewell for each of them. But his last thoughts were not given to them. A woman came to crave his blessing, and the last words of the harsh, rough man were— ' Gad bless you, my dear 1' After life's fitful fever, he sleeps well, Life had been hard and cruel enough to him. He had suffered many a bitter agony and fought many a hard fight. But he quitted himself like a man. Giving no quarter, he expected none. With no deceit in his composition, he loathed a lie and spoke the truth— or such imperfect truth as he knew— with no uncer tain sound. 'Here also was a Man,' says Carlyle; 'let the world once more have assurance of a Man !' 