FOXGLOVE MANOR. By Robert Buchanan. CHAI'TER XVI. | at the opera. On arriving in.Lot.don, George naldana wa# driven ttiaigbt.to 'h- house of an old friend at Cfce'sea, where i e always stayed during his risit3 to the metropolis Tiii- friend was Lovell Bluck- igton, a eccentric a b-ing 'n bis own w.y a Hd- dane bimsslf was in his. Hehadheon d ica byy- hood, in the India Oiflje, where be 9 til put in an appears nee several hnur- a day, and whence ha atill drtw a large income, with the immediate right to a retiring pensitn whenever he choae to Uk-J it. He was agr'&t; ftnden:, es. eciblly of the pagan poets and philnso; hi-rs, - nd tbe greater part of his days and bigh'B w re ap--iit in hu old-faahione i libraiy,. opening with fol 'ing diors on to a quiet . lawn, wbtch ltd :n its turn to the very river-side. : He bd two pet at praious- modern progress, ia ! the shape r-frni r.-ads, e'e -t-icity, seulogy ; all the j new business of Bccnc and midvni religion, ei- I pccially in its conne-'t-on avith Chr stian theology. | He was in eboit, a taru pure and simole, fond of . old books, old wine, o'd medi'ations. nod ol 1 gods. However h might differ with Haldane on such : inbject as the nebular hypoiheais, which h h ated 1 with all hi3 heart, be agreed with hitn sufHMen'.ly ; on the subject of Christianity. Both had a cord al ! dislike for church c-remonies aod church bells. j The Iwo gent tm-n had an' ther lusta in com- : mon. This wis the opera, which both enjoyed j hngely, though BlakLton nevor ceased to regret I tbe disappeartnee of tbat old operatic institution, tbe ballet, which like a rich desert wine, used to bring the feast of music lo a delightfully sensuous conclusion. II-!dane wa« too younq a man to re member such visions of loveliness aa Csrito, whom his old friend bad olten gone to bco in company with Horne-Took, So it happened that two or three days after his arrival, Haldacc accompanied his heat to tne opera home, where Fntti was to appear in "Tiaviata," Seated comfortably in the stalls, be was glanc ing quietly round the house between the acts, when bis attention wa# attracted to a face in one of the private boxes. A pale. Madonna-like, yet girlish face, set in golden hair, wi:h soft blue eyes nnd an vxprcEeion io forlorn, bo wistful, so ill at ease, that it was abnoht painful to bchoid. Haldane 6tand in surpii-e. " Whet is tie ma tei said his friend. ' Have you iccrgnisid anybo >y ?" " I am not c-rt»in," returned Hald-n, raising his opera- gltss audi suiveving the f ice through them, 'then, afier a :ong look, he added as if to himself," " I am almost sure it is the same." " Do you mean that young lady in black, seitoi in the second tier ?" "Yis. Oblive me by locking at her, and teli me what you think of her." Blakiston raised his opera-glass, and took a long look. "Well?" a'ked Haldane. " She remit de me of one of ynur detesttbie pre-l.aphai-liotie d.-uwings, shockhinded and vacnoii". She is rretty, i grant you, but sbo lias no exp-efiion." 11 1 should say, on ti e c intrsry, a very marked oxprefi'on of di ep pain "Tight lacii g,1' giunted Blakiston. "Your modern women have no snap, since Cerito," Here Haldane rce fiom bis soat. Looking up again, be had m- 1 the voueg lady's eyes, and had perceived at once tbat elie recognised bim. "I am goirg to Bpeak to her," he explained. " She is a neighbour of ours, and a fiiend of my wife.1' He made bis way to the second tier, and finding tho door t£ the box op- n. he looked in, and saw ' the person he sought, set led in company with an elderly lady and a yonng man. " Miss Dove I" be stid, advancing into the box. " Although we bav« only met twice, I thought I could not be mia-aken." Ed.th (for it waa she) turned quickly and to-k hie ootsiietcbid h-mi. " How strange to find you horel" sheexcl limed. Is Mrs Haldane with iou ""No, indeed. I 1-ft her to the pious duties of the parish, which she is fulfilling daily, I ex pect, in company with your icraphic frioad the minister." Kdiih looktd at him with strange surpris, but laid nothing. ' When did you came to town ?" he asked. " I thought you were quifo a countiy youn lady, and never ventored iniu the giddy world of London. " I was not very well," replied Edith, " and my aunt; invited me to slop with her a few weeks. This is my aunt, Mrs Heih-rington ; and this gentleman ia my ouusin Walter." Here Kd'th went somewhat ncrvou6ly thiough tbe ceremony of introduction, lihe added, with a alight flush, " My ccosin iurieted on bringing us here to-night. I did not wish to come," " Why not f" demanded Haldane, noticing her unensicers, " Beraure I did not think it right ; and I have been thinking all the evening what the vicar will lay when I tell him I h>ve been to such a place." Here tho old lady shook her head cmiuonely, and gave a (light groar. " Is the place eo terrible," asked Haldane, i mi 1 ing , "now you have teen it?" "No, it is very pretty ; and of course the singing is beautiful. But Mr ILntley does not approve of tbe theatie, and 1 am sotry I came." " Nonsense, Edith," B<id the young man Hether- ington, with a laugh. " You know you wanted to see the 'Tiaviata.' The fact is," he continued, turning to Haldane, ' my mother and my conain are botn tcrriblj old-fashioned. My mother here is fc'cotcb, acd believrs in the kirk, the whole kirk, and nothing hut the kirk ; and as for Kd:th, she is entirely, as ihey say in Scotland, undor the mini-tar's ' thoomb.' I thought tuey would have enjoyed themselves, but ihey have been doing ptnanic all the evening." Witluut paying attention to her cousin's remarks, Edith was lookiug thoughtfully at Hal dane, " When do you leturn to Omberley ?" ehe asked. "I am not eure— in a fo-lnight, at the hteBt. I am going on lo Francr." " And Mrs Haldane will remain all tlut time alone 1" " Of course," he replied. " Oh. she will not mis9 me. 3ho has her household duties, her parish, her garden — to say nothing of her clergy man. And yr-n, do you stay long in Londou ?" " I am not sure ; I think no:, 1 am tired of it already." Again that weary, wistful look, which sat bo strangely on the young, a most childish faei. She sighed, and gazed eadljr around the crowded house. A minuie later, Haldane took his leave, and rejoined his frieud in the stills, t ooking up at tbe tnd of the next act be saw that the box was empty. The women bad yielded to their consciences, and depaitid before tho end of the performance. That night, when Haldane went home to Chcl- aea, be found a letter from hie wife. It was a long letter, but contained no newa whatever, being chiefly occupied with sell-reproaches that the writer had not accompanied her husband in his pilerimage. This struck Il-ldane as rather pe culiar, as in former commuhicaiims Ellen had ex pressed no such dissatisfaction ; but be was by nature andof sethabit umuapiciou. and be aet it down to some momentary ennui, Tho letter con- tamed no mention whatever ot Mr Santley, bat in the postcript, where ladies often put the most interesting part of their correspondence, thero wa# a reference to the Spanish valet, Baptisto. "As I told you," wrote Ellen, " Baptisto seems in excellent health, though be ia mysterious and unpleasant as uBnal. Ho comes and goes like a ghost, but if he made you believe that he was ill he was imposing upon you. I do 80 wish you had taken h'm with you." Haldane folded up tbe litter with a smile. " I'oor Baptisto I he thought, "I suppose it is a! I suspected, and the little widow at the lodge is at tfce bottom of it all." Alter a few days' sojenrn at Cbeliea, during which time he was much interested in certain spiritualistic investigations which were just then being conducted by tho London savants, to the manifest confusion of the spirits and indignation of true believers Haldane went 0 Paris, where ha lead his ; aper before tho French Society to which he belonged, Thero we shall leavo him for a lit le time, lemming to the company of Miss Dove, with whom we have more immediate coucoro, Mother and son livid in a pleasant house over looking Clapham Common, a district famous for religious cdiflcstion, its young ladies' semi naries, and its dissenting chapels. Mrs Hethering- ton wus ihe wealthy widow ot a Glasgow merchant long settled In London, and she set her face rigidly 'gaicst modern thought, ecclesiastical vestments, snd ccoking on the sab oath. Curiously enough, oer ton Walter, who inherited a handsome compe tence, was a painter, and followed hia heathen \- I ) occupation with much talent, snd more youthful enthusiasm. His landscapes, chiefly of Highland scenes, had been rxhibitad in the Royal Sottish Academy, His mother, whose highest idea# o£ art wero founded on a superficial acquaintance with the scripture pieces ol Noel Paton, and an occasional contemplaiioo of biblical masterpiece# in the Doro Gal lery, would hive preferred to have seen bim following in bis father's footsteps, and even ca tering the true kilk as a prraefcer ; but his syra- pat! ies were pas»n, and a gloomy childish ex perience hud not fitaed him with the requisite enthusiasm for John Calvm and ihs svbbitb. Walter Hetherington was a fine fresh young fellow of three and twenty, and belonged to tbe clever s"t of Scotch painters, headed by Me-srs. Petti, Richsrdson, and Peter Graham. He was "ennnie," painstaking, and rather sceptic >1, and, putting aside b>s art which he really loved, he felt true enthusiasm for only one thing in the world — hi# cousin Edith, whom h9 hopvd and longed to make his wife. As a very young girl, Edith had seemed rather attached to him ; but of late years, during which Ihey taw each other only at long intervals, eh# seemed co der and colder to his advances. Ho noticed ber indifference, and set it down sora- what angrily to girlish fmaticism, for he hid little or no suspicion whatever tbat another man's image might be filling her thoughts. Ooce or twice, it i# true, when ehe sourded the praises of her Om- bcrlty pa-tor, bis zeal, his goodness, his beauty of disci-uise, be asked himself if be could po'sibly havo u rival there ; but knowing something of the relinquent fancies of yonng vestals he rejected the idm. To tell the truth, he rather piritd the P.ev. Mr Santley, whom ho had never seen, as a hard-headed, dogmatic, elderly crea- turo of the type greatly approved by his mthrr. and abundant even in Clapham, He had no idea of an Adonis in a clerical Dock coat, with a beautiful profile, white hands, and a voice gentle and low — the latter an excel lent thing in wonfan, but a dangerous thing in an unmarried preacher of tho Wotd. (To be Continued.) - 