The Dunn Memorial Church, LAYING FOUNDATION STONE. On Tuesday afternoon last the members and friends of the Wesleyans of Mount Barker met together for the purpose of witnessing the cere- mony of laying the memorial stone of the above Church. The masonry of the building and the street in front was made gay with flags, and a wide platform with a convenient means of access thereto was erected beneath the stone in order to give accommodation not only to the lady who performed the ceremony but to the Minis- ters and laymen who supported her and to the general public. The memorial is a large and handsome block of freestone with a slab of mar- ble, bearing an inscription, let into its face. It is placed immediately above the apex of the porch gable, and is about 15ft. from the ground. The masonry of the Church has been brought up regularly to this level, and some idea can already be obtained of tlie handsome proportions of the edifice. We have already given a descrip- tion of the building, but it will be well perhaps to recapitulate its leading features here. The site is within a few yards of the present Church, and I actire operations were begun in December last. The design is in tlie early English style of Gothic, and the front elevation is adorned with a tower and spire rising to a total height of 90ft. The side elevations are broken by handsome buttresses, and a lancet-headed window provides light in each bay. The interior measurement, is 60£t. x 351't., and while ample height.is given for ventilation the important subject of acoustics has been kept in mind by the Architect. An Organ Chamber is being erected at the rear of the building, and Mr. Dunn has followed up his gift of the Church proper by tlie presentation of an organ, which is now being built by Messrs. Fineham & Holiday, of Adelaide, at a cost of £400. Tlie seating of the Church is to be a special feature, and a commission lias been des patched to America for this portion of the furniture. The contract price of the building is , about £2,500, and it is estimated that with the organ, seating, and boundary-fence the value of the total gift to the trustees will exceed £1,000. Mr. James Hill, of Adelaide, is the architect, and Vye & Warburtou are the contractors for the new building. THE CEREMONY. Punctually at 3.30 o'clock Mr. and Mrs. Dunn arrived on the ground, and they were accom panied to the platform beneath the stone by the Revds. P. C. Thomas (Minister of the Circuit), T. Lloyd, J. Allen, J. Price (Baptist), and J. Jennings (Presbyterian), and Mr. Hill, architect. Mil. Thomas, addressing the numerous and representative audience which, had gathered together before the building, said they had met that day to perform a very pleasant ceremony. It was always a joyful thing to assist in erecting a temple to Hod, but in the present case there was more than usual reason for thankfulness, because there were no monetary responsibilities connected with the work. Dc it embarrased both pastor and people, and unfortunately very few churches could be erected entirely free from encumbrance. In this particular instance they bad been relieved of all anxiety on the subject of ways and means, and their only themes of thought were pleasant ones. God had been very good to Mr. Dunn, and he, in his turn, was being very good to them. Hymn 990 was then sung, and, after a portion of Scripture had been read, prayer was offered by Mr. Price. The Revd. P. C. Thomas then read the following document, which is a copy of that placed iu the cavity under the stone: — "THE DUNN MEMORIAE CHURCH. The memorial stone of this Church was laid by Mrs. Dunn, senr., of Mount Barker, on the fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty four, and in the forty seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracions Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir William Robinson being Governor of the Colony, the Revd. R. M. Hunter President of the Conference, and the Revds. Paul C. Thomas and R. Hunstan Ministers of the Circuit. The Trustees of this Church are Messrs. John Dunn, senr., R. Pope, W. Cornelius, A. Champion, C. Pope, John Squires, Thomas Gilbert, Jabez Hudson, and R. Daniel. This Church is erected to the Glory of God by John Dunn, senr., Esq., J.P., of Mount Barker, and presented by him to the Wesleyan Methodist Connexion. Mr. Dunn, who is now in his eighty-third year of age, lias been a member of the Wesleyan Methodist Church for fifty three years, having received his ticket on trial in the year 1831, iu Bideford, England. He canic to this Colony in 1840, and settled in Mount Barker in 184A. He was the first settler in Mount Barker, or in what is known as the new settlement. It was in his house the first public religious service was held in this town— this was in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church. It was through the instru mentality of the Revd. D. J. Draper, assisted by Mr. Dunn, that the Wesleyan Methodist Church beeime established in this town and district. This Church is designed by James Hill, Esq., architect, of Adeluide, Messrs. Vve & Warburtou being the contractors. There are also placed under this stone a copy of the Circuit plan, a copy of the Station sheet, the Mount Barker Courier, the Advertiser and Register of to-day." Mr. James Hill then presented Mrs. Dunn with a silver trowel and a handsome ebony mallei, and she graeefuily performed the usual cere mony in laying the st one, expressing, at the same time, the hope that the services conducted in the Church would be of benefit to thousands. Tim Revd. P. C. TuoMA.fi then read out the inscrip tion oil the stone, which was as follows:— the nn.vs iiEirojiiAX cunitcii. This Church was erected to the glory of God by John Dunn, senior, and presented to the Wesleyuu Methodist Church. Tins memorial stone was laid by Mrs. John Dunn, senior, March 4, 1831. This piece of marble was brought from Rome by Mr. Dunn in 1871. In response to many calls Mb Dunn mounted on the sione and addressed the meeting. He said he was glad to know that the work of building (die Chapel had progressed so far, and he hoped that when, it was completed it would answer Lhe purpose for which it was designed. As he looked round from his elevated position he could sec the different places where the Metho dists had conducted divine worship since his arrival in Mount Barker. The first service (in 1884) was in his own humble house. Then a carpenter's shop was used, and subsequently a second removal was to the mill, where for a long time regular.meetings were held. There was a nice Sunday School also conducted at the last named place, and those attending both it and the other services were glad to make seats of bags of flour and wheat.. Many children had received religious instruction in the mill. Same were dead now, and all who lived were men and women. God had prospered him in business, and he felt that it was but fitting that he should appropriate a portion of his substance to f urther ing the cause of religion. He bad sent to America for seats for the Church, and hoped the congre gation would sit—hut not sleep—comfortably therein while their ■ Ministers declared to them the whole counsel of God. The Revd. Thomas Lloyd then gave an interesting summary of Methodist doctrine, and the Revd. J. Allen engaged in prayer. After three cheers had been given for the Queen, Mrs. Dunn, and the donor of the Church, the people dispersed. The trowel used by Mrs. Dunn was very hand some. The handle was of ebony, ornamented with malachite, and the silver blade bore this inscription—" Presented to Mrs. John Dunn by the congregation of the Mount Barker Wesleyan Church on the occasion of her laying the memorial stone of the Dunn Memorial Church, March 4, 1881," EVENING MEETINGS. Immediately after the conclusion of the cere mony at the Church an adjournment was made to the Institute, where a plenteous tea was provided. The attendance was large, and the tables were thrice filled before the people were satisfied. A special table was set apart for the workmen engaged in building the Church. At the public meeting the chair was tukcn by the Hevd. P. C. ThomaB, and there were also on the platform the Herds. James Bickford, J. Allen, II. T. Burgess, T. Lloyd, J. Price, and J. Jennings; and Mr. John Dunn. The Ciiajuman, having delivered a brief introductory speech, during which he promised the audience their freedom at 9 o'clock, the Rev. II. T. Bujugkss addressed the meeting, and during the course of his remarks made allusion to Mount Barker his spiritual birth-place as lie had been converted there 28 years ago. The Rev. T. Lloyd con fined his remarks to a resume of the history of John "Wesley and a brief outline of the rise and progress of Methodism., He mentioned that Sun- ' day last (March 3) was the 93rd anniversary of the death of their founder. Wesley was born at Epworth on June 17, 1703, narrowly escaped being burnt to death in 1709, was led into the full light of the Gospel by the Moravians in 1738, and founded the Methodist' Society in 1739\. He was an itinerant' minister for 52 years and a preacher for 13 years longer, and during, the whole of that time he bore verbal and written testimony to the truth of those doctrines which his followers preached to-day.. At the time Of his death (March 2, 1791,) there were 13,000 members of the Connexion founded by him. Methodism exercised an amazing power over many men and many Churches, and it hud been said that the intelligence of the Independent combined with the earnestness of the Methodist wonid make model preachers. James Parsons, of York; John Angel James and Charles H. Spurgeou, all owed much of their success to 1he influence of Methodist training, and most Evau gelieal Churches had been benefited as a result of its vigor. The Env. James Allen was glad to be present because lie was among old friends and because of the auspicious occasion which had called (hem together. Mr. Dunn hud lived many years in the world, and his munificent gift was a proof of his belief in the continuity of Chris tianity. The veal work of the new Church would not be begun t ill the building was finished. He hoped a Church of living stones bonded together in the unity of the Holy Ghost would be built up in Mount Barker in connection with the new edifice. The Rev. James Bickfohd was sorry Mr. Dunn bad retired before lie had an opportu nity of speaking. It was a good thing when rich men recognised that they were merely stewards of God's bounty, and lie was glad that Mr. Dunn had practically acknowledged this fact. Much was said concerning Wesley and Methodism at: t.he present, meeting because it was a purely Wcsleynn gathering. If he were ad dressing a Baptist meeting he would say much of Robert Hall and Dr. Andrew Fuller, while to his Presbyterian friends he would speak of Dr. Chalmers and of the many eminent Scotch divines he had known at home and in the Colo nies. lie claimed that the Methodists were the English Presbyterians. If he were to be called to speak at a Congregational meeting lie would enlarge on the virtues, the eloquence, and the power of George Whitfield, but even there he could hardly refrain from expressing his wonder that Whitfield had not gathered the harvest of his labors into garner and store-house. Wesley drew his people together into societies and bound them together by discipline, and a compact Church was left behind when he died. Whitfield passed away and left nothing but scattered con verts behind him. lie (Mr. Bickford) suggested that an appropriate text for the sermon in con nection with the oponing of the Dunn Memorial Church would be : " lie loveth our nation and lie bath built us a synagogue and lie sincerely hoped that the Chapel might, prove a " work-shop for the Holy Ghost." Methodism had flourished in South Australia ever since its establishment by the Bcvd. Mr. Longbottom 45 years ago. That gentleman was wrecked on the south coast shortly after the foundation of the Colony and he made his way to Adelaide and started a Society there. Since that date the Wesleyans bad spent £224,000 in chapel-building, and of this amount £180,000 (or at the rate of £4,000 a year for the full time) had been actually raised. The Rev. J. J. Jennings (Presbyterian) was grateful for the invitation to be present, and con gratulated the Wesleyans on the success tliey bad attained in Mount Barker. He felt a special love for the Wesleyans because one of their Min isters (the Rev. T. Easton) had been instrumen tal in his conversion twenty-eight years ago. In response to the request of the Chairman he had pleasure in moving a vote of thanks to the ladies who had presided at the tea, and to the contractors (Messrs. Vye & Warburton) for the trouble they had taken in preparing for the ceremony of that day. Mn. Pkice (Baptist) seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mb. Thomas, having thanked the Ministers who had addressed the meeting, the benediction was pronounced and the audience was dismissed. 