SPORTING NOTES. The following are the scratcbinga for the V.E.C. Winter Steeplechase Meeting .-—Flat Race— Malua; Grand National Hurdles— Brenda.Squatter. Maiden Steeple— Squatter end Chester. By our English file3 we notice that the weights in the English Derby were this year raised to 9 at. for colts and S st. 9 lbs. for filliee, the object being that jockeys like Archer should be enabled to ride. The time by Benson's chronograph was 2 min. 48h see. The owners of Harvester and St. Gatien, who ran the dead heat for first place, decided to divide the stakes, and wagers were settled by the amount staked on each side being pat together and divided. The committee of the S.A. Coursing Club met at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednes day evening and made various necessary arrangements in connection with the St. Lceer and Bracelet Stakes meeting, which takes place on Thursday next, July 17 (and following days), at Mount Pleasant. Komi nations are due not later than 4 p.m. on Monday next, 14th inst., and the draw will take place the Eamo evening. At a meeting held on Wednesday after* soon the committee of the South Australian Jockey Club decided to carry on racing for another year, trusting to the legislature to repeal the present Totalizator Act. The secretary has consented to undertake the duties of his office gratuitously, and the handicapper will be asked to give the dab a helping band by handicapping without salary for twelve months. No entries will be called for the Derby 'S5, Leger 'SO, or S.A. Stakes '85, at present. The programme for the Spring Meeting's!, perhaps in conjunction -with the Hunt Club, will be published shortly. There are welshcrs and cheats who take advantage of the innocent at country race meetings, upon whom the police should keep an eje. A correspondent of the South Eattern Star writes in reference to totalizator frauds: — ' Having been one ofthe sufferers at the last Winter Steeplechase Meeting at Mount Gambier through the dishonest work icg of the totalizator machine by the lessee, I trust that now the machine has bean done away with by Act of Parliament the club will see their way to stamp out another evil es great, if not greater, than the totalizator, viz., totalizator books, which can in skilful hands be manipulated in such a way that the public can be robbed out of three parts of their money. These books are also bad, inas much as they lead boys and girls into specu lating a shilling, and thus lead to a spirit of gambling being fostered amongst oar young people. With these remarks I leave the matter with the police and the racing club, and hope they will clear out the hungry lancers on at racecourses, who are like liawks ever on the look out for prey. It appears almost a useless task to go over the Melbourne Cap weights at this early period in the expectancy of selecting the pro bable winner. The bookmakers will lay level money that one cannot pick a starter, and then the odds are in their favor. The first forfeit must be declared on Monday, August 4, and that declaration will weed oat many of those who have not the ghost of a chance of winning, and whose names have only appeared in the list of nominations from their owners' curiosity to see what weight the handicapper would put upon them in such bigh-clasa company. Mr, Barnard has recsg ciscd that Commotion is still the champion of the colonies, as he has awarded him first . place with 9 st. 12 lbs. , or 3 lbs. less than he had last year. On that occasion he ran third to Martini-Henri, and received more than a 3 lbs. beating1, is the quickest Cap on re cord, co that wo c&n; hardly expect the game son of Panic to better his last year's form, or obtain more than third place on this occasion. Malua is treated as a very dangerous customer, and has been awarded 4 lbs. over his weight for age. He has proved himself a very brilliant per former, and there is do reason why he £i:C'Ulc! net be as good a horse as Commotion. Mr. Scarr gives h?m 9 st 7 lbs. in the Metro politan, the handicap being made on the G et, minimum, so that &e; must hold Malua in higher estimation thaa does Mr. Barnard. Le Grand has 9 st, 4 lb?, in the Cup and 9 st. 3 lbs. in the Metropolitan, so that both handicappers agree as to the prominent position which this weight-carrier and noted performer should occupy. The Jitew Zealand Welcome Jack, who will come over to Fiemiogton specially to fill this engagement, has 9 st. 2 lbs., and is reported to be another ftlata. Martini-Henri is deservedly colled upon to carry 2 lbs. more than his weight-for-ase, and must still be dangerous at that. Sir Modrcd may not have sufficient brilliancy for the company at two miles. Guesswork has again been harshly treated, as he is but a pony, and 5 st. 12 lbsc must tell upon him at the end of Buch a big trace. Caima, the Plunger, and Off Color (the latter also badly used at Sst. 10 lbs. } will find their masters; but Stoekwell, if well, should have a say in it, as he can carry his S st. 0 lbs. easily enough. We reach Despot, 7 st. 12 lbs., as the next best in the race, and First Demon at the same weight should be cleeerv'wg of consideration. Fdvo, jsritisher, Capri, Gar8eld, Bargo, Conjecture, 2fed of the Hills, Maroney, Wing. Coir, and the Broker seem to be the best of the seven to eight stone division; and Silver King, Paganini, PlauBible, Pail Athol, Cairngorm, Privateer, The Maid, Bend Or, and Country Boy the best of the light weight division. The handicap on the whole is scarcely equal to Mr. Barnard's happiest efforts, and a number of inconsistencies might be pointed out. 