fMETROPOLITAN lGOSSIP. o- (rno n onet oWN COIrm:SPONDnEiT.) The broken week in Parliament ihas .lD only interfered with the prospects of an arly lolis:. of the ession. The Legislative s?'ucil Till, however, sit on Fridays to make ,p for lost time. They may also decide to sit at 2 p.m. each day: at all events that has een mooted. \With regard to the additions to the Rail. g?y Bill, which it is said the Council will .ake, a member of the Lower Honse inthe reaSdece of the Government insists that any djiitions must be accompanied by equivalent ~bctrations, as the Aiuistry has 'put down i;s foot" on the question of the amount of the 1oan. It is, however, very unlikely that the Ce(ncil will take the responsibility of sub et.cnbg anything. The Aes:mbly amuses itseif just now in tovie; with many small measures, like an aieare with tshe desrert after a good dinner. iThe on;y lire measure before it, is the Shops ?ad Faectories Bill, which it is safe to predict wiii ?ot go through the Lower. House this There is in this colony, or rather in Mel camrne, rn association kno?s it as the Liberty aot Property Defence League. It is, how ever, m.i-lty concerned with the liberty to duhi: intoxicants, and the defence of the pr oer't of the vendors of these seductive ticils. It is now proposed toexteind the arra of tl:is society so as to include all mottets of personal liberty which are or may be infringed upon by the action of Goveru 2nst. I venture to predict .that an associa. tisn on this wide basis cannOt be successful ltcause there is as yet no inatication that any ie:a very infinitcstimal number of persons weul? acceprt the great principle "that each individail lhas a right to freedom, lisited fn!y Iby the equal freedom of every other inv'idual." The great joke of the lobbies has been I :::hied this week by that notable and :at:orian opponent of all landlordism and tcu.al roals, Mr A. T. Clark. Who would ~:e th ought it? Mr A. T. Clark has l?econe the owner of 1000 acres of very va!uable land just bayord the outskirts.of t:liamsownu. Thie unexpectednees of the iytoln is ost uIndicrously intensified by the fact that Mr Clark has now as his tenants the -?sisra Chirnside. of Werribee Park. For fiereu years MI Clark has periodically in Parliament denounced all landlords and all -cceupiers of closed roads, and Messrs Chirn tide in particular, as the very embodiment of all that is nonious. Shall we at last be able to say "rees perturbed spirit" to the ghost of that unlucky constituent of Mlr Clark's, who, flteen ye rs ago was fined D10 for trespass at the instanuce of Messrs chirnside,and whose roes have been vehemently and gruffly trum. preted forth annually by iMr Clark ever sinc= ? Scoae of Mr Clark's fellow members laughing lv anticipate that Messers Chirnsidd will have a pretty lively time of it in their (to thenm) novel position as tenants. It may be, howe over, that " property will have its customary •ffect even upon sMr A. T. Clark. What an excellent paying game the denunciation of realth and property has been in this colony ! how many in this present parliament one could name, who adopted this easy and popa aur solc, and profited exceedingly thereby. The names of Berry, Clark, James, Lalor, Longridgc, Patt.rson, W. C. Smith, Woody, occur to one at once, and it would be easy to treble the list of the "dennociators of capital" with the names of those not now in Parlia. ment who have acquired so much of the evil commodity that ' urgent private affairs" pre vent them from giving any further attention is politico. INotwithstanding the Agent-General Bill and the universal eno)muims passed upon B1r Morray Smith, it is said that his prospect of rose r a of oflice is not a certainty. It would suit the convenience of some of our o!litical chiefs to have it otherwise. Mr. Berry, it is said, is desrous .of increased opportunity for cultivating - his newly _aquired "golden" fanculty of sllence, and beleves the Agen'-Generalship would give hin all lie needs. And this would make room for Mr Platterson as the leader of the Liberal coal ion contingent. It would also rlave the Colonel, and the IMirams,' and the btiehardsons' in their position still:inore "remote, nnfriended, melancholy, slow:'. Ti:e persistence of rumors of this kind in vLat are commonly known as the " best informed cit:es" induced me to endeavor to probe them to the bottom. The result is that an unquestionable authority assures me that Mr Service says that others appear to nowhisbusiness better than hedoes. Hehas iso ilte.tion of leaving Victoria-at all events for some years. Two of Mr Berry's colleagues -ay that he is not intending any change that they are aware of for a considerable time to come. The significnce of these disclaimers will,; by most people, be assumed to be in ,lier q a!ifiica ions. 