^QIJR1 ;;L0ND;0N \XETTERV ? ? .. '?' (FROM OUR OWN CO-RESPONDENT.) ??''?.'?.':-'?'? ? ' ? London, Sept. 9. .A new phase of warfare; which is calcu lated to strike a' serious blow., at the very foundations of international confidence, has been initiated by the Perry Cabinet. Weeks ago, 'Admiral Courbet, under the cloud of amity, Btoamed up the River Mia and anchored before the great Chinese Arsenal. To do this, of course he passed the forts, which' had then no power to prevent him j and there tho Admiral remained until ho received instructions to take possession of tho arsenal, , which was practically un guarded, for the forts are so built .that they cannot fire up- stream. They therefore presented a defenceless flank, and fell an easy prey to tho French, through what is very generally dubbed a most discreditable manoeuvre. China still. bides her time, and the task of bringing her upon her knees does not appear to be. a very easy one. She is likely, forsome time, to persevere, in a 'policy of masterly inactivity.' Before you receive this; the French probably will have occupied Formosa and Hainan. ? The ' squadron of the Far Easf'.is now cruising in search of Chinese ships of war. . ' It must not be supposed that England has only one general.., The' Wolseyite '.'ring' is a powerful, one,: and no peace could be obtained until the leader of - the Red.River expedition had been appointed chief of the expedition- to. Khartoum; Of course, the ring was disinterested, and did not expect posts under the leader they, had again sbsucce'ssfully pushed to/the :. front! However, Lord;, Wplseley is, not only a perfectly competent man,tbut he has the additional morit'of ibeing.'both lucky and successful. There are other generals ;who cannot be forgotten, and -whose 'experience should have entitled them to a place among the leaders of the ' rescue party.' There is General 'Graham,, of Eastern Soudan fame, Sir Donald Stewart and Sir Frederick Roberts, whose achievements, in Afghanistan will not bo forgotten. Then there is Sir, Evelyn Wood and ' General Earle. The 'only general' left London the last day of August cri. route' for Egypt, with Lord Northbrook ; they were met at Dover by the steamer Wave and . conveyed to Calais. Before this letter reaches Tasmania cablegrams will .have advised you. of their reception in Egypt. It is not thought that Lord- Northbrook's mission as High Com missioner will last very long. ' He was met at Trieste by Sir Evelyn Baring, who is on his' way to' Cairo to resume his former duties. '' ' General' Valentine!Baker,too,is among JLord ^olaoley'B stafE; . We shall hear more , of this little , episodei a .delicate morBel for the i sobiety;, papers, and.1 out ,of which they will.of ? course, make 'capitaL Among the 'officers specially selected for the Nile expedition are the Earl' 'of :Hirlie, Captain Lord-. Charles Ber'o'sford; Colonel Maurice; ' Colonel Sir Edward, Stewart, Colonel Harrison, and, Mr. Herbert!. London daily swallows, its Victims— yearly its thousands. The immediate cause is actual starvation, but newspaper reports say they die of natural causes. There'are thousands upon thousands in London alone who' would gladly make their way to Tas mania could they be got 'hold, of ;. and it is sad to see them starving in badly venti lated and filthy dwellings when there, are moans, within easy reach, of being sent, to some of the fairest parts of God's' earth. I have had considerable experience with settlers in various parts of the world, but I have not met d single person who speaks ill of any part of Australasia as a field for labour. Some there are who return from the'c6lpnie3 disappointed, but they are either weak , mindftd men who go there under the impression that money is to be picked up in the streets, or men who are physically incapable of enduring the rough experiences of colonial life. You don't want men like that. The colonies want men of good physique, enterprising,and thoroughly embued with the spirit of self-reliance ; those are the sort of men for whom pro gress and success are inevitable. Let them .throw off old. country prejudices and pro claim their manhood. Water will find its level,, and in a very few' years :the men of pluck, endurance, and ability become the deserved pets of colonial society. ' It is impossible now a days to pick up a London newspaper without lighting upon an account of a brutal murder, a savage assault, or an, encounter with ? desperate burglars. The Mansion House and Bow street vie with Marlborough-street and Marylobonein specimens of rough and un scrupulous humanity, which daily flit a brief space upon, the. stage and then dis appear to .oakum and the cells for various periods. : There are thousands , of the cheva lier d' Industrie class in London, men whose motto is. ' God help those who help them selves.' A' friend of mine had an' un- pleasant experience :of these gentlemen a few days ago;' He went to Windsor, and like the man who went down to Jericho,fell among thieves. He was initiated into the mysteries of ' three-card monte,' and came home a wiser and a poorer man. He looks thoughtful now— ;? -.-. .-,'.'. -, ? '?.-.'' 7 'Tho' losses and ?crosses'-' ' Are lessons' right 'severe, \ ,.,..'. i'- ' There's wit there, you'll gel therej .'. 1 ' 'You'll get no other where.' When everyone is out of town and theatres are gasping for life, , it becomes time to make a will, hang your harp pna willow tree, and seek, relief by plunging into.the wild excitement of a day at the British Museum. There you may revel in luxurious and gratifying complacency among a crowd of antediluvian and nearly fossilised old females, or ramble playfully by their sides through the mammalia saloons. You may look intelligent in,the Kouyunjik gallery, and grave in the sepul chral section of the Egyptian divisions. Byway of varying the excitement you can, take a cup of tea and visit the beasts, reptiles, 'and insects. '. Then you can dis port yourself among the crustaceous, mol luscous, and radiatod (thoro is no extra charge) animals. If you are an old fogy you must tallrof the Oottonian and Har lonian collections of manuscripts, and tho Hamilton or Toivnley antiquities; Should : you stray into that awful building with a young lady, you have to talk of Elgin mar bles, statues of Phidias, Bulwer Lytton, and the ghost of Sir Hans Sloane. Tho same old round of criuio is going on, ? and the Police Courts — the Old Bailey and ' miaoiesex sessions — aaiiy Drmg uotvu cno sword of justice heavily upon the culprits. Gay Lotharios of seventy are still ear wiggod by the Bench. Post- office sorters are still caught stealing letters containing jewolry,, and shopmen are still sublimely indifferent to tho difference exoiting be tween niouni and iuum. .Then there are the usual number of people who borrow other poop^'s goods for an' indefinite period, or steal; as thoy say, ingenuously enough, 'for fun.' There are thousands of juvenile Dick Turpins in training for tho Newgate, Fruit Tree, three-card monte, and other sharpers,, aggravated assault cases, swindles, confidence trick men, ' drunks, ' disputes about cab fares, street Arabs who have 'no regular father or mother, please sir,' and a whole host of cases of every shade and variety. For tittle-tattle and sensational lies London is simply a village on a very large scale, and, it is a very general mistake to suppose that you may do as you . like here without' being observed ? and criticised. From my point of view it is a mere piece of sentimental folly to talk of the loneli ness of great cities, but it has been said so often that peoplo repeat the phrase with out reflecting that it is on. the face of it absurd. There are precisely the' same opportunities here as elsewhere for sin and scandal, for amusements of any kind, .for forming friendships and making enemies, or transacting business, all- multiplied about ten thousand times. In this great city, if yoii' desire to be alone, you will find in your daily communications with the outer world, if it be only with a maid servant, quite, as much ??:. curiosity and inquisitiveness as in the wife of a country village butcher ; and such matters as are discovered and surmised concerning you will probably be retailed to a thousand times as many people as a good-sized village would hqjdi only your isolation prevents . your . being edified, with them. London is composed of thousands of villages put together. . A man dare not do in his'own' icircle or 'district -anything he wishes, to remain hidden, and; if jho go a mile, or. two' away he' is; pretty' sure' to be foun'd'out.' ?';?' ?'?''?',.?, '';.':;i'-:-:. 