dm* grishattg fgflUm (from ock own correspondent). The Legislative Council arc continuing to ' improve ** the Land Bill in their peculiar fashion, bat, inasmuch as there is not the least chance of their amendments being adopted, tbc public have ceased to take much interest in what they are doinc. The Premier, at a private picnic given to him by his party' last r riday, is said to have plainly intimated that the big loan still depends on the fate of the Land Bill, so that he \riil probably be able to count upon a compact majority to reject the sweeping amendments of the Council He has, in fact, stated in the House that he expects the measure to become law in very much the same state as that in which it left the Assembly. To ensure this, of coarse, the large majority in the Council most give way, but up to the present there is certainly no indication that they will do so. There is a pretty general feeling that the Lords, in extending the term of the leases of fifteen years in the settled, and from fifteen to twenty years in the unsettled districts, after having retained the ri^ht of preemption, have oversteppud the mark, and have done some thin™ th-tt will give much colour to the porters that they havt; l»een legislating in the interests of a ^Ltss. ^ a set oil, they h&ve; so altered another pan. of the bill, that an agricultural farm may be acquired as a free hold after five year--.' personal residence, instead of ten years, as originally proposed ; UaT'thV nluil'L v n''y \J by 'TJiHir^mlnv !HM|.!f Will .jUtati..,, MIK-Mur til.;* iU.XUtf i^ri^ultural bL'Icc:.jr& to i-naMc the former t*- w:;tl.' i . it 1- now pretty clear tli^t the work a^'ain inimMiaMy after the holiday*'. Ult *vint cncrtity trnni tile Mmi?U:r l;r Work* ulun callii.- hi* attention to the l{-K.Ui.it-ipK.n Itmnigratioii Bai-nu-U-. I do u..T know whether Mr. Miles i* awan- v.f tin: undoubted fact tliat h inon: ditf^nu-ftul lot of shainius were never .Ii-anfifl uitfi tlu- nantc '.f public lu;il.iiti-^ than tho^- Ktrrnuk : but it -il i' i: doL-s ».,t any umcli for his regar,* for th..- inUn^u -f Kuckhainpt'tn that he1 -i.-Mil.l not luiv.- . ? ?.-!, .l-i^u.'l .i n-j.Iy to Mr. F.-r^os-.r win-uthu Ltttui ?'.?all.-.l jtttJntion to Ml p..%-- .,f i£c,\\.. ?? !?: th.^.k-Uy ii.'^.Tyi-J with the Ub.Mii cnii-f of ti.-- - hwu.- H..|«- 1 fill '.^ U-.i, ii.v.-s.ti-tr.u.l i!. tin: Siiproiiel C'Mirt, ..ji ! .lK.s a ti-ial 'K-cr-ivviL- thr.».-*.lay-,, ! lcto rc«Mltt.! i:: .1 v--rdi.:: -?- guiH\ . 'Hie | luisMiici intbis cjucuas Ionian I Williams, who uan I-oatsnain on hoard the schoonw, aud the case arose oat rA tlie same prowrtdin' as that in connection with which Neil M'KetU M*Ne3 was charged with shooting one islander, and wiHfafPF with shooting another. After M'Neil 6 red the fatal shot which has led to his being condemned to death, all the islanders in the canoe which he had chased jumped overboard, except the one who liad l-eeu killed and a child. He is then said to have called out for the second boat to l-c lowered. This was done, and Barney Wil liams took charge of it, his crew consisting of Messiah, Dingwell, a seaman named Siebert, and one of tho native boat's crew (Jack). This boat gave chase to the natives who had jumped into the water, and six of them were captured, after which the boat proceeded to wards the ship. As the boat was on its way one of the ** boys ' jumped overboard^ dived, and for sometime eluded those in tbc boat who had immediately given chase. The prisoner tired twice at the boy, and the second shot was alleged to have taken effect in the head of the islander. Messiah said he saw a portion of the boy's head knocked off. The water in the vicinity became coloured with b!oo-!, and the islander threw up his hands, sank, and was not seen again. The evidence was of a similar nature to that ftakpn in M* Neil's case. The principal defence, as in the former case, was that no such afljtir took place as that described ; and both the first mate and Government Agent, who are the former in connection Mith the very islanders picked up by the boat, positively denied the account given by the witnesses. Both Ding well and the boy .lack, however, supported raony was given by other islanders. It would be hardly possible for any one hearing the evidence of the natives, given in a natural and straightforward way, to come to the conclusion that they were merely repeating a story tacght them by Messiah. The only ruaj weak point in the prosecution was that relating to proof of death ; but the jury came to the con clusion that this was sufficient, and the Chief Justice agreed with them. In giving their verdict, the jury strongly recommended the prisoner to mercy, on the ground of the loose way in which matters were conducted on the HopefuL A movement has been started in Brisbane during the week for a commutation of M 'Neil's sentence, and if this is successful of course neither he nor Williams will be hanged, for one is equally guilty with the other, j beliered if the convicted men had their death sentences commuted by the Executive to im prisonment for life, it would meet with the approval of the great bulk of the public, not that there is much doubt as to their guUt, but because there is a pretty general opinion that hitherto we hare not ae a colony held thelife of a black man as sacred as we ought to have done, and that those engaged in the labour trade, which is sanctioned by our law, have become 6O demoralised, ae a necessary consequence of that trade, that the taking of the life of a native was not regarded as a matter so serious tiiat the person taking it ran the risk of the gallows. Whatever the law may say on the subject, too, and however h ami hating it may be to make the confession, people, when they express their real feelings, do not admit that the life of a black man, and particularly of a savage, is equal to that of a white. After these trials there will no longer be any doubt as to the risk that will be run by those com mitting, outrages, and the lesson which will be tanght by the cases will probably be just as effective if the men concerned have a life long term of imprisonment as if they expiate their crime on the gallows. A third case, connected with the Hopeful, was commenced yesterday, and is not yet finished. In this case Louis Shaw (master) Thomas Freeman (t*hief officer), and James Preston and Henry Rogers (seamen) are charged with kidnapping eight islanders at Harris Island, these islander? being the boys who, it is alleged, were captured upon the occasion on which M'Neilaod Williams each shot a native. Preston and Rogers were in M 'Nell's boat, and Captain Shaw and Freeman arc alleged to have countenanced the pro ceeding, as both are said to have wit nessed them from the deck, and the latter to have fired a shot at one of the canoes. The now notorious Messiah admitted having received £50 from the captain tu keep tjuiet and a i-*w days iifterwarila ^;ivc information to the authorities, moa.-y out of the « ?ot'uniuiunt Agent. He j.Lso **ai»l he was or^inally 'brought up for the MuiUtry.'' but it appeared that he did uot Uike kindly v- the idea of a clerical life. Son..: rath«r remarkable -liselosnrcs have ivt-ently l*vn made with n-^anl to a man named ?!. C. Beard, who bus during the past year or twr- brought himself into prominence by industriously :nlvcrti--i»g hbu=-:lf and liia so-called Hydropatiiic Establishment. Some two or three months a»« there appeared in one or two -»t tlii: local papers an account ol tile cure bj Kuard of ,i vouu''inrl ua-mud (Jail who Im.l (xku sufferin-'fr..m time complaint that bad liitlicrKi baJHe.1 t!:t -till of several jl.K- practitioner* of tlii* eity : and it iva» further all.-,'eii that tlic },-irl had dis play.-! rwiu.rkal.lu clairvoyant |*-u,iv. Of ttioe Utter Board .mpears Uj have challenged a test, and the cholleji»e ?-? .a..-, v|,t.,l i.y th, ,.!if/. ..! f..,.,,,,, ,. j,,, ^.Hj prove,* tint tl.ey «er-: u fr.iu.l. i m tin- ? x. ... Wiiit. ,„-,.!... \i.a.;\ ii.j.u ? ;?.„? -i!l jid'hcr fat!,,-,- , ?! iiavia;. Ti.L-1- .1 ',ii,,. »i,u.t-,i|H,i, the th.. ..Cli , ley. l-:it I.y ;.lM,'.i',.*rci:.7 lleur.1 «-i't'h ! ha- „?? ?l.t.-,iI1.,i_a!lri-...,r,, of uney-tSO, ! 1 v.:mk frou. Jm.i Un tr.-i'tni: ?..:?? dauphttr with.,at ha^.r.j doue lev .u.y ^kI. lloar.1 ' thru entcrul ..n a -tion f. r li'wl a MUist Call bat the action \\\w m-.ti pn.. ocied with' li«:t AWH-VA-MfnW,-*^. A., flltploye*! ,Q a nnfi-ciiai;i- oiiii-c - Niuiiit? by u.uikj— having i some affection ui tlie le^, was in. laced to con- J salt Beard, and to enter his ' establishment ' I ae a patitut, ou the promibe that lie would be gradoally wasted away, and one or two large abscesses, from which alarming quantities of matter were taken, formed on his body. At I length he became so enfeebled that his friends I removed him from tbc place ; and a week j later he died. Dr. Marks, who attended | the patient after his removal, has stated I that tbc cause of death was weak ness and insufficient nourishment, and that the abscesses on the body were the result of starvation. It appears that while at Beard's house Ncimitz received an ample vegetable diet, but, being a. man who had been used to good living, the absence of animal food proved fatal When these facts became known, the police set about collecting evidence of them, but on attempting to serve Beard with a summons to attend a magisterial inquiry, he was found to have cleared, and has not since been heard of. The inquiry has. been partly held, and adjourned. Your representative crew for the forth coming regatta have now been here for seveial days, and hare been doing steady work since their arrival. Their style and condition is spoken well of by our boating men, but the Maryborough champion crew arc the favourites. 1 left off writing this letter to look at the latter having a spin up the Milton Reach, and I certainly like the way tn which they do their work, and make their boat travel. They pull a clean, telling stroke, work remarkably well together, and seem to be in good condition. 1 am inclined to think the race for the championship this year will lie between Mai y borough and Kock hampton. The crew from the Brisbane Club have been practising a long while together, bat one of their men has not been well for sometime, and he h not at all likely to be fit on Wednesday next. The only other crew — that from the Commercial Club —were only got together at the eleventh hour, and cannot be expected to make much of a show. Brisbane, December 5, ISS4. A despatch from Galveston, dated the 9th instant, to a New York paper, says : — Walnut Grove, in Walton County, is enjoy ing a remarkable sensation. Among the most respected residents of the place is Mian Laura Shclnnt, who has passed the meridian of youth, but yet remains an active partici pant in society events. About a week ago she had a dream. Before her imaginary gaze was spread the panorama of the surrounding country. A young man elegantly drp^iwri and ornamented with a red necktie, stepped up to her, and pointing out a certain spot, told her to dig, and wealth would be here. Just then she awoke, und the young man was gone, but the memory of the dimtn so troubled her that she slept no more that night. Last Friday night the dream was substantially repeated. The third night she again had the dream, which so impressed her that on the following morning she went out, and, sure enough, at the designated spot, about two feet under the ground, she found a small tin bos filled with gold coin. There are witnesses both to the finding and HipjWny up of the box of gold. The whokcon? inanity is excited over the finding of the treasure. For about ten days reports have been circulated in Workfiop that the portion of the town known aa 'The Common' was nightly haunted by a ghost, and as many persons professed to have seen it at various times between ten o'clock and midnight, many women and children became so frightened as to render it almost impossible to persuade them to go out of doors after nightfalL On Sunday night, about half past ten o'clock, a man named Carson was going along Kilton load, which leads on to the common, and as he came to a corner he heard a sniffling and some one calling oat for help. On turning the angle he saw a man on the ground andon the top of him the ghost, dressed in white. Carson at once sprang at the 'choet.' and got hold of 'it.' At the same UmThe Law that the person the 'ghost' was holding down was a niau named Greaahy. Carson' having hold of the 'ghost,' determined to stick to it, and a struggle ensued, in the midst of which the man Greafiby, who was terribly irigutened, ran screaming awav Eventually thy 'ghost' got away, and ran amongsttbe timber in Ganade'e wood-yard, aud was no more seen. Carson failed to recognise the ghost, aud cannot say whether it was a man or woman. The afiair is causing u. great stir in thia portion of the A- aeronaut named Dale has had a narrow escape from drowning (says a home nanert Along with his wife a?d a young man ^S Lowe, the aeronaut had l»ettu making; series of accents in the lialloon, the Sunbeam from the Forestry Kiliibition grounds at Edinburgh aud although he had bad several adventoroM journeys he Has al«ay» fortunate in landing on terra finna, .lesscendin- usually in Kife 6tiire. 1 he aeronaut, hig wife and M r Lowe, left the ciJuuirion sronnds in the balloon at * o'clock ou Saturday afternoon aud immediately they were lost to sight in a thick mist w bjeh ha* been prevailing in the x-wlan-u, of Scotland for over a week. So far as could Ik.- Been, the balloon took an utterly course, aud as was afterwards ascer tained, it proceeded in this directiou to such a distance that the party found themselves above th.- ..[M-ii sea .it ti,,- ,oining of the Firth of r.,,th Add ti.e -. „,?„,:„! Ocean. -V» tlie lull-.,!! «„ U-iiitr is.rri.-d further out to sea, iiud a* darkiuiv, oa^ trttii,^ in, Mr. l-alc ex buKu-;ttl,.-i5u,a,«l.,c*- ? Id in the Forth, t:.ree ,,ilc, «.-»t ..t May Uland. The position o* tile |.ar(- was neii- lortuuately seen by the crew -?[ a I.., hin^ bo.,t. wh' proceeded to tbeir reseue ami lauded them at llunliar Mr Uale, uuuu-liau-lv ..,, Iandin», telegraphed to the 1-orestiy Inhibition officials and to his ^??piaiutance in Kilmlmrgh assuring them of the safety of himself ;,ml lib. companions. Had it not Ijetn for the presence of thefiauinc boat in the neighlwurhood of the descent the party would acsoredly have peruhed, the car 