Adelaide Talk. (By 'Dot.'1 The holidays have passed off very success fully. The weather has been highly favo jrable. Amusements have been plentiful and holiday keepers as Australians generally are, have been determined to be as happy as possible and so have succeeded. Good Friday was of course the day for Sun day school pic-nics of which there were an un limited number. Some went a few miles to the east of Adelaide, others went to the south, some to the west, and others again in other directions, according as their knowledge of, or hope in the places selected was favourable. It might fairly be laid down as a fact that no pretty pic-nicing place within a few miles in any direction of Adelaide has evaded the eyes of acute superintendents of Sunday Schools, . and been made to yield pleasure to a parry of scholars. Adelaide is surrounded by many of these beautiful places, each one better than the last and anyone who fails to spend a pleasant day when fine holidays comes, doesn't deserve to have a holidav. Easter Monday however was the buisy holi day time, the day for the public sports. For weeks past the Caledonian Society have given to the general public intimation that they intended having a great gathering of the clans on Easter Monday on the Adelaide Oval, and a noble- son in full costume has shown the uninitiated. Australian natives -how the hardy gentlemen north of the Tweed pretend to dress. So that much interest has been awakened in the matter, especially as the Caledonian sports are generally well worth seeing as sports. 'On Monday morning anyone who listened (and a great many who didn't doubtless) had theirs ears pierced by the shrill, wierd music of the bagpipes ; that startling sort of stuff which makes one involuntarily think ot mountain tops and ghosts. Pihroach of Donnie, -Wake thy wild voice anew. Summon Clan Connil.' It is a ' wild voice' surely. A short time ago I was journeying peacefully homewards one evening, when of & sudden there came from round a comer a shriek of a child in distress varied by a' sound of a circular saw hard pressed in stout deal. What was happening I could not imagine at first, but by-the-bye a piper piped past, and I ' took' the situation at once. The shrieks came from the instru ment the circular saw accompaniment being produced by a sort of windmill on the bag pipes. I followed this good gentleman a con sid crali!e distance. I don't think he was a champion pipi'r, nay I would venture to say he was not a champion. He tried ' The Camp bells are coming,' it was all he tried, I believe, but he stuck to the trial. ' The Campbells are coming,' but_ they never came. I was reminded of Artemas Ward's musician who was learning the cornet ; he tried one tune and got splendidly perfect in the first line, and then serenaded his wife coming in after his desperate exertions expecting the hear the music praised up to the highest pitch of glory, he found his wife hiding liehind a chest of drawers with a revolver in her hand. ' Oh,' she said ' I am so glad you have come, there has been a most horrible murder committed in the yard and the skricks and groans was something fearful.' He never tried any more music but I am afraid my friend keeps at bis game. But it must not be supposed that at the sports last Monday the music was of such an: unpleasant character. There would be heard the true music of the Highlands and jhe natives of 'die land o' cakes' were able to rejoice exceedingly^ Every hody, however can imagine a .crowd of some, thousands of people and the Ivarious jwajs^in which they would amuse, themselves so I' wfll not add anything as to the sports. '. : \- While the wearers -of the thistle were dis porting on the Adelaide Oval, others who -owned the Shamrock as their idea of perfect beauty in vegetable life were engaged in pleas ant and profitable ways on the Kensington Oval. Add races, and picnics to these, and a skirmishing match between member of the Military Force whese love for the duties of military life led them to forego selfish pleasure altogether, and it can be seen that there was snmpthinf* to see on Easter Mondav. Gun accidents again. When in the name of wonder will people recognise the fact that a loaded gun is just about well able to deprive the usur, or any other man, woman, and child, of his, her, or its life, be extremely care ful in the. use of the weapon? A young man went out with a part]', on. .Good Friday to Willunga. In the evening several went out oppossuming. The young man got separated from the others, but by and-bye was found dead with a shot wound in his neck. He had evidently caught his gun in a fence and the result had been his own terrible death. Nearly every week brings it account of somebody killed or seriously injured by gun accidents, H reports he true we have not to go so far as Melbourne or Sydney for tales of outrage against women. Such things occur in Adelaide, in a busy street. 1:1 itroad daylight. At least it would seem such is the case as two women reported at the Adelaide Police Court on Good Friday evening that the bad been grossly illtreated by half-a-dozen men in the middle of the afternoon. Whatever may have been the fads of the case as regards die outrage it seems pretty evident that die woman were to blame to some extent for whatever trouble happened to them. They went into a public house fora drink, and one at least questioned a man who she saw in the piece, and neither of die two seemed to have raised any row or solicited any help against the men. Possibly. the men hav ing been ' given an inch took at ell' of liberty. There is no knowing what some of the wretches in Adelaide would do, but if women were fairly cautious they would miss a lot of hcrm. On one of die cases several men have -been committed for trial but die odier was dismissed. : The Rev. D. O'Donnell, has had a very un pleasant incident (or episode) in his life. :TJie rev. gentleman has just removed from Adelaide to the Glenelg Circuit, and he visited die baths there on Good Friday morning. He got fairly in the water, and was apparently seized with a hi of some sort, and could neither swim*- nor draw himself on the landing 'stage. - Happily some gentlemcg heard his cries and rescued him at once, or his cheery form and excellent counsel and instruction would now have teen ? known no more. ^ The Blue Kiulran Army has been moving along lately. There has been progress all along the line. Cheered by their past success, -and with a desire lo do more in die future, a conference of workers was held on -Tuesday. The Secretary's report stated that 1,600 blue ribbons were, or should be, worn in die Colony now. ' Fort}' divisions have been formed, and the prospects for the future are good. The Rev. J. M. Howie has been re-appointed Secretary to the Union or Army. How sadly have some of our would-be legislators been disappointed. The worthy Treasurer licked by a man who never addressed the electors. Yah ! Victoria doesn't deserve a good man. Poet Hugfaie out in the cold at West Adelaide, and courting the buxom damsel Stanley. . Samuel Tomldnson, .Esq^i sflle -. 'objector' trying for Mount Ifarker.. 'fl»ne - thing alxiut that — he was in the field almost 4s soon as the other candidates. Well, we shall : have the lively gentleman at work very shortly m-w. If we have not got gentlemen to astonish the world, we have somebodies. /: . Weather nice and pleasant now. Trifle tain since Sunday. . '-... Another fatal gun accident. A young man shooting rabbits on the MiuTay shot himself, '' ? . April'i6tiji, ; .... ..?'?'': ;'-%'?? 