SPIRITUALISM EXPOSED. (From tlie Morning Post.) The Society; for the Prosecution of Psychical Besearch might do worse in its investiga tions into occult phenomena than invoke the patronage of the Archduke Budolph of Austria for its quest after the mysterious and supernatural. Though the heir of the ' Austro-Hungarian Crowns still suffers from Pitt's ' crime' of being a young man, the enterprising and prosperous fraternity of mediums and spmt-rappers must be in clined to exclaim, in the words of one of Sir Walter Scott's characters, that ' there is the craft of years beneath his curled love locks.'' ! The Crown Prince has dealt a blow to spiritualism and its votaries which will long be remembered in Vienna, and outside Vienna, and which is all the more fensible, and afflicting to the professors of the mystic science, inasmuch as the position of the illustrious personage who unmasked them secures the greatest possible notoriety for their discomfiture. A thousand local ex posures of the artifices of mediums and spiritualist necromancers would have had less publicity than this detection wrought by the keenness and common-sense of the heir of a throne. Nor can it be said that it was an obscure or unskilful practitioner who was foiled by the Austrian Crown Prince. Mr. Bastian deserves the reputa tion of being one of the most successful of the American mediums who from time to time alight upon the coasts of old Europe in order to introduce the ' notions' of New World wizards to the credulity of fashion able persons in search of sensation and secularist men of science who having re pudiated religion naturally crave, for super stition. For a considerable period of time at regular datervals the American spiritua list had visited Vienna, and so. surprising were his manifestations, so complete his familiarity with the ^nseen world, so easy the terms of acquaintance on which he stood with the departed of all conditions of life and of all ages of history, that not a few believed in his miracles, and a still larger number paid for admission to his ex traordinary performances. A member of the local aristocracy, Baron Hellenbach, became an entire convert to the representa. tions of the Transatlantic worker of wonders, and was the means of founding a sort of spiritualist congregation in the good city of Vienna. A certain dim religious obscurity was always necessary to the pro duction of the manifestations. This is a usual concomitant of the proceeding. The spirits appear to be uniformly weak-sighted, and refuse to make themselves visible in a distressing glare. In other respects the ceremony was imposing. Stretched in a mesmeric trance in another room the medium lay unmoved and unmoveable. Meantime there appeared in the midst of the ring of spectators in the next chamber a ghostly form wearing gossomer robes and walking on silent feet. Emboldened by success, or unable to avoid the ordeal of the highest audiences, Mr. Bastian had the honour of holding a seance before the Archduke Budolph. His Royal and Imperial Highness took the pre caution to make certain inquiries. He learned that the door between the entranced medium and the room in 'which the manifes tations occurred was always removed and JuJbsavxcjarMn^uiisi^ ? Other pnnpln seem to liave at once admitted tliat the spirit world may quite innocently have its preference in the matter of hangings and furniture as well as in the matter of lowered lamps and darkened windows. The Arch duke was less ^inauspicious. The Archduke John of Tuscany became the ready accom plice of the Prince. It was arranged that the mystic meeting should take place in his palace. Two rooms communicating by the usual doorway were shown to Mr. Bastian, and accepted as jnst the thing for the ghostly phenomena. The day came for the' performance of the wonder. All Vienna was in commotion. The spirit world may be assumed to have been similarly agitated. Though not unaccustomed to royal and im perial personages in theshades.it is to be sux^posed that it is not every day that even ghosts of high antiquity and unblemished descent can pique themselves upon the privilege of being presented in courtly circles upon earth. And what an opportunity was now presented to the legitimate ambition iof the boldest propagandists from the spirit land. The conversion of the heir of the Hapsburg might well entrain the conversion of his august parents and his numerous and illustrious connexions. Austria-Hungary is above all things a loyal region. Who could doubt — not certainly a far-seeing spirit — that the contagion of so eminent an example would spread through Viennese society ? From the Hofburg the current conversion would circulate in the Bingstrasse. Pesth would not be backward in emulating the imperial zeal of the Austrian capital. The magnates whose ancestors had rushed to* glory or th** grave for their monarch Maria Theresa might be expected to adopt table turning and mystic rapping in a kindred mood of dutiful fervour. The fashion of lowered Jamps would spread from the Iron _Gates to the borders of Saxony. Floating fiddles and armless hands would wander among the teacups and above the lager beer, along the stream of the Danube and in the saloons of the Prate^. And all this was to be accomplished by a%imple son of the free republic beyond the | Atlantic, by one of nature's untutored children, who had per haps heard the dread 'secret whispered to him by the medicine man of some vanishing tribe of Mohicans or Susquahobas in lands never polluted by the effete courtiers and crumbling thrones of a played-out Old Continent. When Mr. Bastian, the Yankee child of mystery, settled himself down to his mes meric sleep, there was a distinguished com pany assembled in the outer room. Along with the Crown Prince there were the Archduke John of Tuscany, the Archduke Begnier, Prince Battbyani, General Mens senghen, of course Baron Hallenbach, who had come to see the triumph of his prophet, and a select circle besides. It is possible most of the spectators were spellbound by the solemnity of the scene, by the muffled lights, by the silent room, by the doorway with its heavy drapery, and above all by the consciousness of the great magician sunk in mystic slumber in the raom beyond. It is possible also that some gentlemen to whom the Archduke had communicated tlie secret of certain precautions watched with redoubled vigilance in order to prevent the remotest chauce of-deception being success ful, supposing that, after all, the American ? ''? [ child of nature was capable of deceit. During the hours which had elapsed since the; prophet undertook to produce ;his manifestations in the Archduke John's palace, certain changes had been effected which, without being evident on the surface, r had cruelly altered the real character of the intervening doorway for the unsuspecting visitors from another life.. The door had been removed, as Mr. Bastian required. . The heavy curtain hung down in its place, as Mr. Bastian required. But in addition a sliding screen of sufficient substantiality ( had been arranged to fall on the touch of a spring and completely close the doorway to all mortal ingress or egress. Of course, an impalpable spirit could not be stoppe.dt by such a material contrivance, and, besides, the slipping, panel was not to work until the spirit had fairly begun business. Ex pectation was on tiptoe. The magician was slumbering profoundly. The guests strained . their eyes through the gloom. There of a certainty was the spirit. Clothed in waving robes, moving on noiseless foot falls, the mysterious shape passed before the witnesses. Archduke Budolph's hand touohed the spring. Something creaked. The spirit made for the floating curtain in the doorway, but stumbled against a solid obstacle. The gifted' Mr. Bastian had come in from his mesmeric slumbers, and; attired in a volumninous robe over his evening suit and shoeless feet, stood ( re- vealed to the laughing circle. The Ameri can child of nature has failed to overcome the Old World prejudices of the Austrian Empire. Progress of Electric Lighting. — When this new luminant first appeared there were some who fully expected that it would speedily supersede all other artificial lights. Companies were formed and shares taken up as eagerly as in a gold-mining mania. Almost in a corresponding degree gas shares went down. In the course of a short time it became evident that, if the electric light exceeded all others in quality, it also exceeded them in expense. At this moment that is the chief obstacle in the way of its progress, and a serious one it is in countries like England, where coal is abundant and gas can be sold at 2/- jper 1000 ft. The costliness of the electric light may be ascribed to several causes. The dynamo electric- machine is an ; ex pensive instrument. Future improvements may be expected, and all of them may be in the direction of economy. Then, also, the machines commonly in use were till recently tied up by patents. Any advance in economy as to money must be looked for in economy of power. In these two respects there has been marked improvement. There is liberty of invention, and a choice; of twenty machines is now offered where there used to be only two. The nature j of electricity and of magnetism is still! so imperfectly known that no one can ;say what are the limits which must be set to their application. As in the construction of common steam-engines, so in that of a dynamo - electric machine, improvements maybe introduced totimit their size and weight or to increase their power. This is said to ^e possible by a variety of changes ; as^'by improving the quality of the metal, by measuring the quantity, by re avrangeuaeat of paxta, — by- -bettei^-miiidiagv-. and by more perfect insulation.' In these ways more energy is put through a given ma%hin», and a greater result is obtained ' from a smaller plant. Mr. Preece, who' recently read a. paper on this subject before the Society of Arts, complains of the Electric Lighting Act. It .was intended -to prevent a gigantic monopoly ; it did more, it ' strangled a babe.' This may be the view of a partisan ; for there would appear to be good reasons why electric companies should be under legislative control to a degree sufficient to guard public rights. The costliness of machines and the Electric Lighting Act notwithstanding, it appears that there are companies which are doing a good paying business. In New York one of Edison's stations supplies 431 houses having 10,300 lamps. Two new stations are being erected to supply 50,000 and 70,000 lamps respectively. This greater success in Ame rica is due to the fact* that coal-gas is dear. In London, Holborn viaduct, the metropol itan railway, and Brixton Jiave electric ' stations,' and there are ' stations ' at Godalming, Brighton, Chesterfield, and Colchester. The plea of electric companies is that, if the electric light is dearer, it is also better. Common coal-gas vitiates the air ; but the extent to which this is done by the electric light is not appreciable. Every part of an electric lighting apparatus may admit of further improvement, and every change will -.modify price; but it may be years before the new luminant can be made. , as ch'eap as the old for ordinary purposes. — English paper. Advantages of the Dairy. — Dairying is but in its infancy in this colony. The small tract of land which forms the fringe of the southern coast is the only portion of this colony's soil which is utilised for the purpose. The field left for those who wish to embark in the industry is immense, aud. if properly managed the market is inexhaustible, .i A glance abroad will corroborate this state ment. America furnishes a good example : — ' There are 15,000,000 dairy cows in the United States (says the New York Times), and 25,000,000 other cattle. The products of the dairy amount to 750,000,000 dol: yearly, and still the cows remain, which 'are worth at 40 dol. each 600,000,000 dol. But if all the beef cattle, old and young, can be valued at 30 dol. per head, they represent precisely the same amount of money as |the annual product of the dairy. So that ithe whole number of beef cattle could be wholly . paid for and extinguished for the price] of one year's income for the dairy. This is a fair comparison. It is the full pot which makes no noise when it is struck. And cer tainly the dairy interest makes no noise,, but goes on working quietly and patiently; in spite of the utmost neglect and even oppres* sion of the legislatures, which permit its products to be pirated by fraudulent stuff which competes with them in the market.' Our New York contemporary refers to oleo niargerine and other compounds, the\utro duction and successful use of which are plain proof of the strong demand which exists! for the pure product of the dairy. Becent Ire ports show the present Biipply of milk is unequal to the demands of the city. Eggs are scarce, bacon sells wholesale! at 10d.oper ib. The dairy farmer who under stands his business may set to work without fear.— Sydney Mail. j ? . v . ? ' ' 'i- [ !' ? I 1. :: ! * ' I' I 