Turf Talk. By Kemo. Jn another column will be found the weights for the spring handicaps ; and in order to convey additional information to our readers the sire and dam of each horse engaged in Great Metropolitan Stakes and the Melbourne Cup are given. Saturday, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, August 30, and September 2, 4, and 6, are the dates fixed for the spring meetiog of the Australian Jockey Club. The pro gramme on tne nrst aay comprises uie uarue »w»i a handicap sweep of 5 sovs. each, 1 sov. forfeit, with 150 eovs. added, second horse 25 stfvs. from the prize, 2i miles; Trial Stakes, a sweep, of 6 sovs., 1 sov, forfeit with 100 bovs. added, second horse 20 sovs. from the prize, 1£ mile, the Derby (closed with 66 subscribers) ; EpBom Handicap, a sweep of 5 sovs., 1 sov. forfeit, with 209 sovs. added, second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, 1 mile ; Spring Stakes, a sweep of 10 sovs., 1 sov. forfeit, with 200 sovs. added, second horse 60 sove. froBkthe prize, 1£ mile ; and the Welter Handicap of 100 sovs., li mile, entrance 1 sov. On the second day will be runThfr Shoita, a handicap of 100 sovs., f mile, entrance 1 bov. ; Maiden Plate, a -sweep of 5 sovs., 1 sov. forfeit, with 150 added, second horse 60s. from the prize, l£mile; the Great Metropolitan Stakes (dosed with 81 subscribers) ; Selliue Plate of 100 6ovs., 1 mile, entrance 1 sov. ; and the . Squatters' Handicap, a sweep of 4 sovs., 1 sov. forfeit, with 150 sovs. added, second horse 25 sove. from the prize, 1^ mile. Thethird day has the Suburban Handicap of 150 sovs., second horse 25 sovs. from the prize, 7 furlongs, entrance 1 sov. ; the Grand Stand Plate of 200 sovs., selling conditions, l{ mile, entrance 1 bov. ; the Craven Plate of 200 sovs. with a sweep of 10 eovs., 1 sov. forfeit, to go to the second horse, 1£ mile; the Second Foal Stakes (closed with 133 sub scribers) ; and the Sydney Handicap, a sweep of 5 sovs.,1 eov. forfeit, with 200 cove, added, second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, 1| mile. The events to be decided ou the fourth day comprise the Second Hurdle Race, a handicap sweep of 6 sovs. for starters, with 100 sovs. added, 2 miles, entrance 1 sov.; the Member's Handicap, a sweep of 5 sovs., 1 sov. forfeit, with 100 sovs. added, second horse 20 sove. from the prize, a mile and a furlong; the Bandwick Plate of 350 eove., .second horse 100 sovs. from the prize, entrance 1 sov. to go to the third faorse, 3 miles; the Waverley Handicap, a sweep of 5 sovs., I sov. forfeit, with 200 sovs. added* second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, If mile ; the Steeplechase, a handicap sweep ; of 5 sovs., 1 eov. forfeit, with 200 sovs. added, second horse : SO eovs. from the prize, about 3 miles ; and the Free Handi- - cap of lOOsovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. for the eeiond horse, 1£ mile. The programme is one of the most liberal ejer ' issued by the duo, and it will be found in our advertising ', columns', but the date of general entry has not yet been published. : Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, November 19th, 2001, and 21st, are the dates appointed for the Murrum bidgee Turf Club Spring Meeting, to be run at Wagga. The bill of fare is -an excellent one, and consists of the Hurdle Race, a handicap sweep of 3 sovs. for starters, with 75 eovs. added, second horse 15 sovs. from the prize, twice round and a distance, entrance 1 sov. ; Sires' Produce Stakes (closed with 43 subscribers) ; the Wagga Gold Cop, a gold cup, value 100 sovs., presented by Mr. F. Chisholm ; anda Handicap Sweep of 10 eovs. eachfor starters, with 300 eovfl. added, second horse 40 sovs. and the third 10 sova. put of the prize, entrance 2 sovs., to close on Friday^ August 15, weights to be declared on September 16. and acceptances with 3 save, on Ootober 9; the Selling Stakes of 76 sovs, f-mile; the Maiden Plate, a sweep of 5 sovs. each for starters, with 76 sovs. added, 1J mile, nomination 1 sov., balance of entrance 1 bov., to be paid on the day of general entry; the Shorts Handicap or 50 sovs., J-mile; Wagga Derby {entrance closed}-; Two-year-old Handicap of 50 eovs., |-mile; Grand Stand Handicap, a sweep of 5 sova. for etarfere, with 100 sovs. added, second horse 15 sovs. from the prize, 1£ mile, entrance 1 sov., to close on August 15 ; Selling Hurdle Bace of 50 sovs., about 2 miles ,* Ladies' Bracelet (handicap;, a bracelet value 100 sovs., presented by Mrs. C. M. Lloyd of Yamma, nominators of second and third horses to receive trophies value 25 eovs. and 15 sovs. ; - flying Handicap of 60 sovs., f -Tnile ; Mile Handicap of 60 «ovs.; Town Plate, a handicap sweep of 5 sovs.each for 'starters, with 150 sovs. added, second horse 20 sovs. from the .prize, li mile ; Steeplechase, a handicap sweep of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added, second horse 20 sovs. out of the prize, entrance 1 sov. on August 15, about 3 miles; JSelling Plate of 50 soys., 1$ mile; and Final Flutter, a 1handicap6f30fiovs.,otfe round. The full programme appears .amongst our advertisements. The general entry is to close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, the 11th of November ; entrance/ %\ , . per pent, unless otherwise specified. , . : . ? The Clarence Eiver Jockey Club Meeting is to come off ' on Wednesday and Thursday next, the 9th and, 10th, and : the acceptances for the handicaps appear elsewhere. There ' are a dozen in the City Handicap, headed by Hastings with the steadier of 9bL 6lb;, but as he is favourably engaged ia the big spring handicaps and is said to be on the' stout ? Bide he may not be troubled. Hilltop, Princess of Lome, \ Miss Beugny, and: Prism are also engaged, and (heir doings I vill be anxiously looked for in view of the Hawkesbury land Bandwick prospects. A line may also be forthcoming i . about His Worship, and we wish our Clarence friends -. ^eraryauooesB. . A nice little meeting is to take place to-day (Friday), ' the 4th, at West Maillani, under the auspices of the North umberland Amatenr Turf Club, and Ihe weights for the; handicaps will be found in another Column. ? -. ; tTnlees the unfavourable state of the weather again: interferes with good intentions, our Newcastle ifnends will toldwhat promises to be a very enjoyable reunion to- day. Nineteen have accepted for the Victoria Handicap,, aad Storm, Dagmar, and Wollon look best on paper, The Coronation Handicap has 14 remaining in; and Drumstick, Etorm, and Avalanche would appear to have the brightest jrespeete. -, The weights for- the handicaps appear ip. =? The Burwood Band is deserving of special Mention for lhe.exoellent music rdforded at the Canterbury meeting on ? ? Saturday last. -::;.\ ?;? ? :.??' ?? . : ; .» ?'- The, well-known cross-country rider, Tom Luckey,ia .about. 4o return to Sydney, and as be can ride at 9kL be ehould not be long without a mount. - . ' Le Grand is .first favourite .at 10 to 1 for the next Cham * gicti Stakes ; but by the time the forthcoming A. J. C. 'and Spring meetings have joined the past, it is pretty,, well ; Certain thathe will have to .give way, in the quotations to whatever may prove to be the crack three-year-old. ;,.' The well-known hurdle horse Discount j-roke down when running in the Hurdle Bace at Caulfield on Saturday last. - ??.?..- ????'- .??????. -Mr. Robert Chimside, who had his leg broken when riding Peacock «t Warrnambool, has so far recovered tu'-t - -*4mit of his removal to bis own residence at Colac ' ' . ,' Burton, the' well-known jockey, who had his skul fractured whilst ridingei Cauloeld fiaose on Satorday last is JrtiU m a vay dangerous condition. ?,,?/- \ James Ashton, a jockey, met with a fatal accident at Sale a few days ago. It Appears that when schooling a youn? bone the animal fell, and the lad sustained internal injury, which caused his death. . . ? 'The English champion TriBtan has been beaten m/a^ match by a three-year-old called St. Simon, a son' of Galopin. The terms were Tristan, 9st. 91b., and Si, -Simon, 8sL, distance a mile and a-half, and Che last-named e- won easily. , ?| ?' The Townsville-MeetingiB to take place on the lOlhand 11th of this month, and Bathe different events liave filled wonderfully well it is likely to be the best meeting ever held by the dub. The programme comprises a Grand National Hurdle Bade, a Grand National Steeplechase, Town. Plate, ^Members* Gup, Lsdjea* Bracelet, Flying Handicap, Diakict Plate, and the Tomudlle Gold Cap, en amongst the horses engaged are Tnglewdfl, The Buok*^ Banana, Goldftoder, Bioter, Saimterer, Glenooa, Jabk MXJlflbfl,; Adamantea, Medusa, and Orphan Boy. , ; : The Clarence toiver general entry is to dose oa Hon« ' day next, the 7th, and tha weights for the Caulfield Cap i are to appear on that day. ' ., Our Goxiaarn friends have tteyer held the reputation of being very energetic in racing matters, and, judging from the following, from a local paper, they would not appear to ; have improved:— 'The settling, was announced to take plaoe in the evening at Tattersau's (Mandelson's Hotel) a£ ' half -past 7 o'clock. At that hour the seoretary was the only member of the dab present. Some time afterwards the treasurer and two of the committee appeared, but none of the winners or other members of the club put in an, appearance. The prizes were therefore not handed over. The following is a list of the winders, with their respective ? winnings: T. M'Alister, £92 6?.; A. Batty, £19; D. Thom, £14 5b.; J. Renwick, £9 10s.; total amount, £135. 'Augur,' of the Australasian, has the following inte resting items :— Barcaldine, who was about the best horse in England a short time ago, has turned 'savage,' but, under the treat ment of the great German horsetamer, Loftier, his temper has greatly improved. Until Loffler took him in hand he was altogether unmanageable. There was something of a coincidence in connection with the Ladies' Trophy run at Caulfield on 8atardayjtast. Last i year a horse named The Ghoatwon, Mr. Pearson's horse ran second, and O'Brien rode the thud. Thia^year a different animal, but also named The Ghost, won; ahorse of Mr. Pearson's was second, and M. O'Brien rode the third. It is said that the eccentric old Duchess who races in England under the name of ' Mr. Manton ' has given Fred Archer a lump sum of £6000 to have the fourth call upon his services as a jockey, his first three masters being the Duke of Portland, Lord Hastings, and the Duke of Westminster. What pickings the ' tinman ' most have. At a meeting held on Wednesday the committee of the Syd ney;Turf Club dratted a programme to be discussed oa Satur day, the 27th of September, provided that the use of the Bandwick racecourse can be obtained. The feature of the day will be a race for two years old, with 250 sovereigns added to a sweep of 5 sovereigns, half a mile ; colts, 8st. ; geldings, 7st. Illb.; and fillies, 6st. 91b. Entrance, one sovereign. The Victorian horse Boolka, by Glorious from Bridget, is the first malcontent for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and the pen was drawn through his name oa Wednesday. So far very little speculation has taken plaoe, and 1000 to 50 is offered on the field. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that Garfield and Maroney have been backed for the Derby and Mel bourne Cup, double event, yesterday to win about £15,000, at 1000 to 3, 4, and 5. In reference to the horses which are training for the Clarence River Jockey Club's race*, to be held on the 9th and 10th instants, our Grafton correspondent telegraphs that the gallops on the course on Wednesday morning were only ordinary work, and no fast spins were made. Hastings dees hiB -work well, but atill looks big, and sweats a good deal. His stable companion, Levi, did not go. Hilltop goes fairly well, but varies very much, being better at times than others. Prism having a very light weight is favoured a good deal, and will strip as fit as anything. His Worship on Tuesday with a very fight bov in the saddle did a epod srallop, finishing in front of Hastings, Freedom, and Misb Beugny, who went together, and making allowance for the weights on the saddle, the former would seem to be best animal. The weights for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, and the County Parse were declared at noon on Monday. Malua heads the Metro politan list with 9at. 71b., a weight that his brilliant performances render him justified in receiving. Le Grand comes next with 9et. 31b., and is called upon to give his old rival, Martini- Henry, 31b., and on public form that is just about the difference between them. Sir Moored appears to be badly treated with 8st. 101b., and Maroney, Sultop, Recovery, and Off Colour might also have had a trifle less, but Sweet William, Jessie, and Warwick appear to be very evenly handicapped to their horses, and Bristol and Despot are very well in at 8st. and 7eL Illb. respectively. First Demon has been, fairly used, and Sloth cannot be regarded as being badly off when allotted the same weight. Comet might have had a little less than 7ef. 41b., but at the same weight Britisher oas a very hearty appearance. Battailous has every appearance of turning out a racehorse, and with such a comfortable impost as 7et. 21b. he should be in it a very long way. At the same figure Old Gold would seem to have been about properly placed, and Brown and Rose and Lord Exeter read well at their respective weights, but of the then three-year- olds nothing looks batter than Reginald, whose running at Wagga with the speedy High land Mary ehould entitle him to respect in any company. A review of the weights will be found in another column. Universal regret is expressed *t the loss sustained by Mr. John Lee in the death of the thoroughbred stallion, The Scamp. He bought this splendid horse in April last, paying no less than 1550 guineas for him. After being brought from Sydney, The Scamp was taken to B.elso where he was kept in a. close box, preparatory to being sent to Mr. Lee's station at Bylong, and seemed to be getting on ?all right until last Sunday week, when he showed decided symptoms of illness. A veterinary Burgeon was called in, and every attention was paid to the animal, but withou avail, as he died on Monday in great agony. The cause of d ath was supposed to be disease of the lungs, but a post mortem showed the cause to be obstruction of the bowels, or dry gripes, which might easily have been cured had it been known in time. The horse also was found to have enlargement of the heart, which must have existed for many years, as that organ was twice its natural size. Could the existence of this disease have had anything to do with' the horse being sold in England? It seems .strange (says our Batburst correspondent) that a tho roughbred, with his splendid pedigree, wonder ful performances, and almost matchless symmetry of form, ehould have been allowed to go fora comparatively small figure, especially as there are so many men in the old coun try who never grudge to pay almoBt fabulous Bums for good horsefleah? TattersalTs was well attendedJonJMonday evening by those anxious to see the weights for the three principal handi caps, which were declared on that day. Hastings and Mor ceau yrere in most favour for the Hawkesbury Grand Han dicap at 500 to 25 and 600 to 20 respectively, but very little sensational betting took jplace. £000 to 50 was offered on the field for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and 1000 to 40 was forthcoming on the field for the Melbourne Cup. The I following prizes won at the Canterbury Park meeting ware paid over :— Mr. W. J. Forrester, £170 ; Mr. E. Eaear, £110; Mr. W. Kelso, £109 ; Mr. A. Pidcook, £89 ; Mr. jl Monaghan,£58; Mr. J. Hanrahan, £25; and Mr. H. J. Adams, £15 ; making a total of £576. Theieneral settling followed, and passed -ff satisfactorily. , ; Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that the pro gramme for the August meeting of the V. A. T. C. has been published. The principal item is the Grand National Steeplechase of 200 sovereigns. . par Bjohmond Biver correspondent writes :— The B. B. Turf Clnb have, issued their, programme for the annual races here on July 31 and August 1. The added money for ' seven *yents is £235, inoloding a £40 maiden plate and two Sandicsps of £50 and £100; and as the meeting is held Boon after that at Grafton, Sydney horeeowners who visited the latter will find it worth their while to pome on hfire. -....'. . ? . . ? . The Penrith and Nepean Jockey Club races have .been postponed till July 19. The meeting promises to be much more successful than any previous ones which «&&ve; been held there. The dub have in con! : ;pla-' gion^he purchase or lease of a suitable course a.*ertue . present meeting, and they propose holding four meetings in *achyear. So far they have been unusually successful, and judging from the entries for the present races, the dub bids fair to take a high stand among the racing dubs of the colony. - Theraeeior the English Derby (says an exchange) was a dead heat between St. Gallon and Harvester. The race took place at Epsom Downs. Sir John WiUougbiy'e filly, ; ? ? ? ? ? '-' ' ueen Adelaide, came in eepond. The other starters were Girard's St. Medarfl, Hamiltori's Lochrangae, Osborae'fl Waterford, Price's Bedoom,; Walton's Richmond, ,M«ln tyre'B Beauchamp, Sardine's Borneo, ting's CoMor, Haldaway'sThe Hopeful Dutchman, Rothschild's Talis man, Lefevre's Brest, and itothschUd's Woodstock. The letting before the tace was 2 to 1' Bsunst i Queen Adelaide, 5 to 1 against St. Medard, 13 to 2 against Talisman, 10 to 1 against St. Grfien, 12 to 1 against Beauchamp, 12 to 1 against Waterford, 14 to 1 agaiEstr Borneo, 18 to 1 against Richmond. There was an excellent Btart; After three strides Rich mond assumed a slight lead. After a quarter of a mile had been covered Woodstock took up the running, Rich mond second. They went through the furse in front of Bedouin to the mile post, where Richmond again took com mand. They ran thus to the top ot the hill. Going down hill Borneo assumed the lead, followed by St. Galien and Richmond. Entering the straight, Loch Ranza joined Borneo, Queen Adelaide and Harvester close up. When a quarter of a mile from home Borneo was BtiU leading; fol lowed by St. Galien. The leaders continued ia these positions to the distance pole, where Borneo was beaten. St. Galien was here joined by Harvester, and a tremendous race home took place, the pair running locked together, Queen Ade laide third, Waterford fourth, Brest, Talisman, Borneo and St. Medard following in the order named. Richmond was the ninth to cross the line, Woodstock and the Hopeful Dutchman last. The race was not run off . The stakes were divided between the owners of St. Galien and Harvester. 