An Amorous Aeronaut. A late French journal contains the follow ing curious and characteristic incident. It is a fit idea for the construction of a melo drama. While Monsieur Godard was filling an im mense balloon in the Champ de liars, he amused the spectators by sending up the small figure of. man, the perfect semblance of HI. Thiers; without spectacles. The little man, being filled with gas, rose majestically into the air, and was soon lost to view amongst the clouds. His adventures, which became known the next day, were curious. Thanks to a strong and favorable gale, which impelled him on his course, the little balloon man arrived the same afternoon in sight ofa fine country house somewhere in the neigh-. borhood of Bievro. It was near the hour of dinner, and the lady of the mansion, who naturally thought herself perfectly safe, was occupied in the mysteries of her toilet. It was a warm day, and she had opened one of the windows which looked out upon the Park, and was safe from any prying eyes. While tranquilly engaged, by the assistance of corset lacing, in reducing her waist to a size and shape that would reflect credit on her husband's tase, she was suddenly startled by a blast of r fid, followed by a strange noise,;, and im. mediately the casement was thrQgn, open, and our little balloon man enteredtho-cham bher unannounced.' The lady uttered a cry of terror, and tirew a shawl over her shoulders.. The little man, driven by the wind, throws himself upon the unhappy woman, who, screaming louder than ever, pushed him off, and he therefore con ceals himself under the bed. Just as the wife, in a supplicating voice, says to this novel Don-Juan, " Ah, monsieur, go'away or you will ruin me I".the husband furiously- rushed in, crying, "Ah, the wretch, I have: him, now I" and goes in search of his sword to run him through the body. The wife, more dead than alive, reiterates, in the midst osobs,-"Fly,. fly, monsieur and save; me the-sight of a dreadful tra The husband, infuriated, arrives, armed to the teeth, followed' by the whole household, who seek to mollify his anger.' While two of his friends hold the husband, a third, stooping down, perceives our little friend, who, for good cause, utters not a word, and, catching him by the leg, draws him forth from his concealment--when lo I Monsieur Balloon, no longer held down by the bed stead, raises himself erect, swells out, and rises majestically to the ceiling, to the im mense amusement of the spectators. "Yes, .Brownjug is an M.D., I believe; but he is an M.D. without practice." "Then he has the advantage of the rest of you doctors. His slumnbers caninot be disturbed by the ghost of departed patients." . 