mJll PARIS LETTER. PARIS, 28 June. Oily- tile Ministerialists expressed approbation pending ML Ferry's Egyptian declaration. But the ironical laughter tlu>ugh< subdued, was general, when he , paid aitaibute to the " disinterestedness " of England. French opinion neither warmly applandftnor strongly disapproves of the compromise. Like all compromises it contains the sweet and the bitter. France regains the fuotijig ivu Egypt that she lost, by her -backing-ont of bea- engage ments to uphold! the Khedive, leaving England to do s» singlelianded, and expend Qr waBte heir blood, and treasure. France also-will; on co again, have a finger in the financial pie,..<>r-iniesses, aad further, she relinquishes the ghost of the,- con dominium, which was as. dead; as-.aiboxed sardine, and renounces all designs.to enter Egypt after- the British grenadiers retire, so long as she is not at war with England. All'the great powers appear in. the role of the Good Samaritan, only they leave to John Bull the furnishing of the oil and the two pcuce. And'as a farther evidence of their generosity, if, after supplying 200 millions of francs, and devoting his time and talents to srt. Egypt on bar feet, he,achieves.that desideratum<withiu.three years, he will as - a, recompense be sont about his business, and the International Board; will reign in .his stead: In ordinary life, the administrator, who. has provod successful, is never discharged, to-make room for art-unknown. Tho adage that too . many cooks-spoil the broth, will apply with great force to the international cttisuiieis. That kind of multiple control e itntnences- hy duping, and finishes by quarrelling, .and the latter is only the overture to fighting.. It will be about as efficacious as the congress of, Yienna^aiid-ithtt bal&uce; of power,. an in-, stitution interred with <M«ttemich. The international board will be a happy family, where each member will be occupied drawing., and pulliug .as much of the com-; inon bed-quilt aver .himself .as possible. There is one advantage for England; she is in possession, and that's nine points of law. No sane man believes she will make a new Egypt within . three years.. That's her strong, point She has then.'1 the field " in heirf&vor;, and who can predict the map of the world in three years Wnce ? Just now there is in the air a fever on the part of the great power* to seize territories. An earth hunger rages. It may not last till 1888, epidemics are the more short lived the more they are violent; and it is something to have the old hypocrisy of a conference or a congress to fall back upon as a kind of break1 . on the gobbling tip policy of. the tritous-; it allows the more convenient season to come. The French instinctively feel, and tltey-arys about right, that England is a fixture in Egypt. Were she now to declare, she . intended to pro tect or annex the Nile valley, tho other great powers would at once Beize terri tories on which they have langing eyes ; result, general war. The latter is certain to come, but let England, not provoke or discount it. To internationalize Eijypt and*the Suez Canal, is beyond the Com prehensible grasp of Frenchmon .for. the. moment. As a general rule they have little confidence in " buffer states," these, are tolerated so long as they are not in the way of tho plans and ambition of a Brob-> digiiag. Holland is doomed like the Luxembourg to bo absorbed by Ger many, the date only is not fixed.. Belgium's neutrality will he recognised,;. so long as. it. does not^block the way in a. collision between France and Germany. In . 1870. Bismarck revealed the practical jgke he had been playing on Napoleon III, who was ready to soize Bel gium in exchauge for Prussian annexation of bits of tho Rhine-Holland being a morsel; Ajid Napoleon I. paid very little respect ta Swiss neutrality; he soon; con verted it into a French department. - Making Egypt a little lieaxen^beiow, Belgian mode], is a day-dream.. To inter nationalize the Suez Canal is a momentous question for England. Who, or what, is to protect it. the day tltig great powers are at was ? Ashouso divided against itself can. not stand.- For John Bull, the conclusion of the complications, the sentimental pro gimmes and the incense burned to his disinterestedness is, " All around St. Paul's,, not forgetting number one," and to make himself so good a dry nurse for Egypt, that the baby eould. never- exista day -without him.; The sudden outbreaks cholera at Tou lon, has «teadied-even anarchists and re actionists.*. Actuafced&y; a laudable motive the authorities concealed the 'dismal fact as long as -passible; 'till schools ware being broken up,*, the inhabitants flying the plagqe-Sfcricken cities by. thousands*, and the dead carts -aud quick lime shrouds for the victims, removed all doubt.. There is no more relying on the official statistics than in this bulletins of victory of- tlie Fiiist Napoleon. Pastenr and Dr. Koch can now study iminterrnptedly their mierobes and bacillijin theafflictecldistricts. Nothing^ [ more natural than that the ministerial press should publish, the cholera came from Egypt arid it i&due; to English neg lect. The truth is,. it_is the first importa tion Bent us by Tonkin ; the return troop ship, tlie Sartlie, with sick and wounded from, Hanoi, lias been transporter of the germs. Versailles, which has the reputa tion, of being -a cholera-proof city,, has-run up its. rents. 200* per cent, within the last threo days* It is being flocked to as a city of refuge. It is said bad drinking water aids or promotes cholera ; now Ver sailles has the most abominable potable water in the world ; one baa- o»l.y to look at the Seine, near Bougival, where it is pumped up. How then is the hygienic mystery t« be explained, and the three longest-lived profession, are " parsons, grave-tfiggers and sewer men." The Army Reform Bill has been rele gated, mm con, to the Greek Kalends; its error was, not in making military service obligatory, but uniform. The political game of hide-and-go-seek between Prince Victor Napoleon and his papa, continues to amuse the gallery. Under the head of jokes may be classed the Bill for the revi sion- of the Couatitution. The anarchists, who the Government commendably regard as harmless lunatics, hare voted against , being organized ; every man is thus free to make a revolution on his own account. After all it is England remains the pivot in European combinations. With France, she-keeps Germany and Russia in check; with Germany, she does the same towards France and Russia. The death of the Crown. Prince of Holland :is n ot; viewed - here with equanimity. It is discounted as a march nearer home for Germany. Treaties of neutrality about the Luxem bourg, and family rights to the Dutch Crown will count for little when Bis marck decides the moment has come to Zollvernize both; the chancellor does not indulge in such romance as internationa lizing states. He leaves that to others when it does not affect Germany. The French count upon Holland becoming a republic, as that form of government with her had once -been the ark of liberties for i the world. Thjit was the republic which conquered England' on the seas, and re sisted the united arms, of Charles H. and Louis XIV. But she is not now the Hol . land of the seventeen century. Napoleon I. said Holland was an alluvium of the French rivers, the Rhine, the Meuse. and the Scheldt, and so annexed it to the I Empire. Holland did not open her dykes then, aB she did against the Romans, the Spaniards, and the army ofr Louis XIV. Nor would she do so to-morrow were a German corps d'armee to cross her fron tier. The play would not be worth the candle. Were Holland in the German constellation, the Atcheen war, which is as long-standing as some old legs, might be brought to a conclusion and the Nestro affair cleared up.' Under Germany, too, the Dutch fleet might escape from being again taken by a charge of French cavalry whun ice-bound. But the Dutch resemble their country : they are firm, patient, calm and strong; they are more wise than heroic, more con servative than creative; they acquire gradually, and never lose. The wonder ha8 often been.- expressed if land or water predominate in Holland; if the sea be rivers,, or the latter seas. Philosophers are of opinion Holland is a transition be tween land and water. One fact is cer tain, it is a conquest made by man from from seas, rivers and lakes. From the sea one can only perceive- the roofs of houses and tops- of towers.. Nature, said a. nature poet, refused all her gifts to Holland, and the Dutch, own all they possess despite nature. They live on a. war-footing with the sea, for Holland is a fortress, defended by granite, and wood, and pump wind-mills. In< Holland all id silence and lotus repose. The very houses seem asleep and lean against each other, or nod streetwards. Int France we have only the slice of a barrack-for-residenceour apartments are sandwiched. In Holland every one has his hou8f>, recalling by its order and cleanliness, aye its- narrow - snugriess, a ship's cabin. How the brass knobs and metaljs shine, the saucepans are Venetian mirrors, and'the fireirone have.been taken out .of a.bandbox. A Dutch- housewife is ever scrubbing away, and for her paradise will be nothing if it be not as material as< a; Mussulman's, possessing scouring, brushing, and polishing- facilities.. The village of Broek. is a " health exhibition" in: itself in- point of cleanliness. No smoking is allowed in the streets between sunrise and sunset, lest the ashes of pipes might soil the footway; a straw or a morsel -of paper, is^pickad up and thrown into the canal*,'shoes have to be blacked and clothes, brushed five hundred yards outside of the town ; small boys are em ployed to blow the dust from between the cracks of the paving stones; cattle and horses must be-led-through, the streets, and the owners are responsible for all sanitary. indiscretions on the. part of the animals ;.-:guests i are carried in the arms, lest their dirty feet might soil the floor, and history records the terrible fate that onea. overtook some boys foit- throwing away cherry stones in the Btreets of Broek. Negotiations have been commenced with.the Prince de Monaco, to know with what sauce he would like to have his game birds, cooked. He doeB not wish, his " hells?, to be abolished at all, and' he is proverbially a pious maiu But M. Ferry has resolved to at laBt suppress gambling at Monaco, as he has abolished the bull fights .in the south iof France. Timid people may now venture to Paris.' A cab-man has been sent to prison for two months, and his company mulcted in 3,000 francs damages, for driving over an old gentleman. Indeed :the. number of cab accidents seemed to indicate that cabby» enjoyed running over citizens, as a legit timate game of- massacre des innocents.: Two retired policemen'set np as merchant: traders,-- in. throe months they obtained: goods under.false pretences,--for 150,000^ francs,-, and then took, through .tickets " for- foreign^ countries to seei'" M» Paa calat, a merchant of Marseilles^- Has* de manded separation from his young, wife,, on account of her relations* with the famous- ex-singer, Ismael, who is a pro fessor of music in that city. Mr. Pascalut objected to Ismael embracing his .. wife when she attended class, but that was only an " artistic kiss/' to. show the professor's esteem-for his pupil's, great talents. How ever,-trips to thermal stations with the young lady, were not explained om that bine ribbon theory. The wife adduced as a proof of hor lord's " cruelty," that he pitched all her cosmetics into the street. One beautifoL-for-erer preparation length ened, her- eye-lashes/ and* imparted to them an inresistible languishing, atteac? tiveness. Surgeon Laborde has sent irn liia report. on the experiments he made- ottCampi's head, the assassin decapitated seven weeks ago. He says,_ electricity ean produce facial contortion,, but all life, intelligence, and sensation^ ceases the moment the brain, :#s deprived of its current of feeding'bloods : Mi: Timed, i,he minister of fiuance.Js in* jbcstactes, as- he did not know h*t/ir to balance the budget. M. Maicherengineer, Writes that hehas extracted witfetmercuiy gojd from- the glittering Macadam,- em-. ployed in .the alleys and garden-walks of Paris, and'such.:gravel is taken ^frem the Seine. Pdople.-who were iiiteudihg emi grating to Tonquin, have decided in .favor of." the diggings atJiOiue." The French attribute all their difficul ties at Madagascar to the ProteBtant mis sions; ? M, Martial, who has accompanied' the Payeu expedition to the- antarctic seas, bears warm testimony to the good work done by similar missions round Terra-del Fuego and the Malouine isles. M. Ulbach states that the Portuguese clergy wear no distinct dres» from the in habitants. They have a weakness? for embroidered- vestB, jewellery and the theatre. Yet a Bishop dare not publish & pastoral till it has first received the visa of the Prefect. The hearses are painted red and are gilt; the coffin occupies the coachman's- seat, and a>postillion gaudily dressed dirireB- the horses. Some call a cemetery a champ de repos, the bivouac of the dead the Portuguese, the " place of pleasures-:" Death there o«ly cuts eom, never flowers. 