LATE TELEGRAMS. ! From our correspondents.'] __ . ? ? ? —T-EM-OR A, -Tuesday ._ At the Police Court to-day, before the Police Magistrate. Ann Newson v. Richard Newson was called, but there were no parties. Mary Hibbard y. Henry Pollack, no parties. Cases struck out. At the Warden's Court to-day, before the Trr ? j ? ? *i ii._l i. ? i ? ? j.1. . YYuruttu, au saiii mac ewtfive residents, zuq holders of miners' rights, had made^applica tion in Waiting to have the dam known as the ' Chock-and-Log Dam,' about a half-mile west from the cemetery, resumed for the use of the commoners ; and as the owner of the dam had signified in writing his willingness to forego his right to it, he would give instructions to the mining registrar with a view to its being resumed for domestic pur poses. In case D. Fensom v. M. Marshall, there was no a p p e a r an co~o defend a n t,- -an d- a n order was made— for— the- substitution of service of summons on H. William--, manager for W. Marshall, and a copy to be placed on the post- office, Sebastopol, .when the case was adjourned to April 22nd. The Licensing Court very, considerately decided for the accommodation of intending applicants to adjourn the Licensing Court to May 27. ? - ? As to the Queen's Birthday races a* pre liminary meeting was held at Mr. Pinchin's yesterday, when the following gentlemen consented to act:— Judge, P. Heffernan, Esq. ; stewards, Messrs. Sawbridge, ^Pin chin, M'Groiy, and Coinyns ; starter, Mr. 15\. JLSannon ; cierK or course, Mr. U . Tuciier ; handicappers, Messrs. M'Grory and Pinchin ; hou. secretary, Mr. Pinchin. GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. The Government are holding Gundagai warm for Mr. Reid, late Minister for Public Instruction, who is crown prosecutor at the Assizes, and when he is finished Mr. Smith will resign. [Our correspondent in Sydney says Mr. Smith has already resigned.] A monster requisition will be got up to Mr. James Watson, who is bound— to—be elected. People all find now that he is the best man, and they are quite sick of 'being' led by cliques. The Times speaks of a local popular man coming forward, meaning Mr. P. J. O'Donnell, but he would not have a ghost of a show. 'Mr. P. Heffernan is very desirous to know who is going to stand. Mrs. Angove is here, supposed to be electioneering for somebody. Messrs. Scott and Mullaly's new boiler for the mill arrived all right, and will be fixed in a few days, and tho mill will soon be in working order again. Mr. Scott is in charge. At the hospital meeting to-morrow a surgeon is to be elected, l't is said that. they intend to re-elect Dr. O'Dwyer, and the people are very wroth. * A little }!:vl aged six years and six months, tho daughter of Mr. Lucas, died this morn ing from spinal and heart disease, at' tor a * i A' , lingering painful illness of eight months, j Tho poor little sufferer was worn away to e shadow. Small Debts Court to-morrow. . SYDNEY, .Tuesday. \- The Hon. F. M. Darlev was entertained at a bauqu'et last night. He leaves for Eng land to-day Rain continues, but the districts in the dry interior remain without it. The supply of water in the Botany dams has been largely increased, and all fears of a city drought are dispersed. Preparations for the. Volunteer Easter En campment at Windsor and Middle Head are considerably retarded by the bad weather. The remains of George, son of the late Canou Yidal, havo beeu found in the bush thirteen miles from Casillis. The body was much mutilated by native dogs, and was only identified by the clothes and jowellery. The English mails via 'Frisco will reach Sydney on Saturday morning. The Intercolonial Boat Race at Melbourne was won by a bare halt-length, and was rowed in the fastest time of any like contest by one minute. Martini Henry is in favour for the Sydney Cup at 7 to 1 ; Commotion 8 to 1. The settling over the Ilawkesbury meeting came off all right last night. Later. Mr. Bruce Smith, member for Gundagai, sent iu his resignation yesterday. Mr. Sutherland deuies any intention of resigning his seat ; but says he is so disgusted with parliamentary larrikinism, that if a disdlution took place he might retire from political life. Mrs. Langtry commences a ten weeks' season at tho Theatre Royal in August. At Tarn worth assizes John Green, Jackay, and Thomas Warring, an old man, were sentenced to death for a . crimiual assault on a girl 16 years old.' LONDON, Saturdaj'. The garrison at Ivassalas is surrounded by hostile Arabs, and the situation is critical. The Governor asks aid from tho British Government. ~ Tkenfuneral ceremony of the Duke of Albany at Frogmoro was highly impressive. The Queen and Royal Family were present. /The .eucalyptus wreath, sent on behalf of tho I Australian Colo nies~by~' tho~ Agents - General,— was a maguilicent design. All the efforts to establish a commorci al treaty botween Spain an ' England have j failed. LONDON, Monday. The Uniuersity Boat Race was won easily by the Cambridge crew. Oxford were strong favourites till the morning' of the race, but at tho start Cambridge had the preference. This was the 39th contest ; and Oxford has won 21, Cambridge 17, and there was one dead-heat. Nuba Pasha,, president of the Council of 'M'ini'stersra1rGoria'rhasrresigned--owing-to_a- serious dispute with Mr. Clifford, Secretary for the Interior. * The area covered by the rebellion is spreading. -A-Fror.oh. expedition .has_bc.en_ dispatched j against tho Black Flags at Honghoa. The Chinese will offerserioust'esistance; 