'frisco mail news. Imperial Marriage in St. Petersburg. Sit 1 KTunsnuRG, ! n u- 15.— The public entry of the Prim ers Elizabeth of Hesse into the Bussian capital trek p'nee yBt.rday, and her mtrriaco to the Grand Duke Sergi.is Alexandrovitch fol lowed to-day. The. Imperial Coort, famous for its megn fici noe, emitted nothing that could contri bute to the pomp of the procession or the splen dour of the ceremonial, And if any auguries can be drawn from the circumstances in which the bridal took place, the future of the Imperial coupia united to-day ought to be as happy as theirnearest and dearest friends can wish. Even the fickle April-like weather wo are now experiencing con tributed to the auspicious nature of the occasion, " Happy the bride that the sun shines on," runs the English proverb, in contrast to the Bus- sian superstition that rain at a wedding brings luck. The Grand DukeSergius and his bride may draw good omens from both, for, although a thunderstorm swept over St. Petersburg duriog the ceremony to-day, the sun shone out brilliantly on tbe stately pageant which passed up the New«ky yesterday afternoon, and the gUt coach, a present from Fredrick the Great to the Empress Elizabeth, drawn by eight-cream-coloured horses, in trap pings of gold, conveyed the beautiful bride, who sat beside the Empress, in robes of white, with a diamond crown on her head and a bridal bouquet in her lap, seemed a picture straight from Fairy land. The Emperor, with his sons, the King of Greece, and all the Grand Dukes, including the bridegroom, rode in a glittering ca valcsda behind, and after then came Queen Olga and the Grand Duchesses, in a long array of gorgeous carriages, French and German masterpieces of the last century. It is needless to say that the reception accorded to the youthful princess was most enthusiastic. The route was kept by a whole army of soldiers — no less than 42 battalions of foot and 14 squadrons of cavalry— behind whose ranks on th« wide pavements ot the Ncwsky and the Morskoi were massed thousands upon thousands of people. Every window, too, was full, many having bean let for large 6ums. Therowas not a house but was adorned with flags and hung with carpets and coloured drapery. In fact, but for the Asiatics, . who formed auch a striking fo.ture on that occasion, the procession w.is almost a ropitition of that unparalleled one which preceded the corona tion at Moscow, The marriage took place Jat the Winter I'Alace to- day. The Court und Diplomatic Corps assembled at half-past 12 o'clock. As in tin case of the Grand Duke Constantino, the marriage was celebrated according to both rituals — tho Greek Orthodox and the Lutheran, and the arrangements were in all respocts similar. The bride's train was of rosc-colourcd silk, em broidered with silver. She wore a purplo velvet mantle bordered with ermine, and an Imperial diumond crown on her bead. All presunt were captivated by her beauty, grace, and modest, digui- fled deportment. The Russians were parriculdriy pleased with the reverent way in which -he kissed the cross extended to her on her nrrivul at the church by the Metropolitan, who thereupon blessed her with the holy water, and kissed her hand, she in turn kissing bis, The Princess's sisters shared with her the uni versal a 'miration, Their likeness to the lamented Piinctis Alice and the English Koyal Family was specially noticed. In court circles the youngest, a charming child of 12 years, is already printed to ae the future Empress of Russia, As t' e marriage service of tho Rns=o Greek Church differs considerably from that of the Eng lish, a glance at its chief features may prove in- ; tc-resting. Nothing can be done in Bussia without j a passport. The orthodox Bussian may neither live nor die without one. It is not to be wonderc.1 it, tbeu, that marringo should be preceded by the | production of the young people's jjafsports and an : exhaustive inquiry into their birth breeding, j station, calling, circumstances, and orthodoxy. The information thus diligently gathered by the . priest is put dowu in the parish regi'tar, and ' the first thing the bride nnd bridegroom and their i witnesses have to do is to attest its accuracy with ; their signatures. Then follows the betrothal, once a separate ceremony, and notneccsr.rily gone ! through in church, but now the imrm.Mi.ito preluds j to the sacrament ot marriage — the reason aieigned for the change being that in the interval between. I the two ceremonies tho betrothed used sometime! j to quarrel and rofuse to carry out their mutual I promisee. The betrothal takes place near the j porch, the bridegroom standing on the rght, th« bride on the left. The priest takes from him a golden ring, from her a silver ono, carries them to the altar, and thcro deposits them as a sign that the Almighty sanctities the union. Ketnrning to the young couple, he gives each a lighted taper , and pronounces tho blessing. The ri-acon invit 'i j ail present to pray for tin m, that tli sir love may i bo perfect, their faith firm, their living pur o, : their union fruitful. Then, with another prayer, : the priest plrces the grid riag on the bride- ' groom's finger, the silver on the bride's, ' rcp'ating over each three times. " N, the Servant ; of G-. d. is betrothed to II, the Servant of G jd, in ! tin name of the father, the Son, and tba Holy j Ghost, now, tver, >nd in all otc-rn'ty. Amen.'' ' Then lie who stands godfather, " who answers fir I the agreement of the young couple, being h msolf experienced in married lite," removes the rings from their fingers and replaces them, the gold on the bride, the silver on the bridegroom. Tin church holds that the lighicd tapers symbolise ipiritual joy and the purity of the motives by which tbu betrothed are inspired, woilst tho ringi signify the indissoluble bond between them. Too bridegroom's ring is of gold, iba bride's of lilrer, to show the dependence of the nni on the other, and her inferiority in matters of right. When the bridegroom accepts the silv. r ring hu shows bis willingness to lovo and ch- ri-h his wife and condescend to natural wu.iknesr. She, on the other hand, acquiies a share in the right privileges, and honours of her husb-.nd. l'tiu prirst pr»ys " ihit the Lord may confirm tlrnr betrolnal in the faith, unity of thought, truth, and love, and that the angels of God may go w.th and before them all the ways of their life." Prater for the Czar nnd the Holy gynod bring the be trothal to an end. It will be observed that the lighted tapers recall a similar custom firaooRst tin ancient Greeks, and the learned say that th t gold ind tilver rings represent the nun and moon, whose union the ancient Slavonians held' to be lymbolised in marriage, as their desueudauts that ; of Christ and the Church. For the marriago itself the young people ad vance to the reading desk iu the centre of the church, nnd kneel down before it on one kerchief (to siRnify that henceforth they have one lot); the officiating priest asks them if they marry of free will and with a thorough appreciation or the imoortince of the step. Then follow prayers on behalf of the bridegroom and bride, that they may be endowed with all virtues and vouchsafed every bhssing, after which the prist plies on the head - f each a crown, "as a reward for the preteryarion of chastity, and as a «igu thit they may be tho originators of a numerous aud honourable posterity, and also to remiud them tbat they are the first to rule their own patsions and then by God's blessing have <i< million ttoon cirth according to the word of the Lord to Adam and Eve." At 5 o'clock a Stato banquet was t-er.e l. The Emperor hid on his right hand the bude. an t on his left the Queen of the Hellenes, next to whom was the Grand Duke of Hesse. By the si fe of 'he bride was, of course, the bridegroom, with the Empress on his right, next to King George. The Princess of Batten berg was seated a' th« 1 up t-i <1 table, but not Iter husb.nd. Of the Dip .mi", ie Corps, only tho English and Cicrmoi Atnb..tBt- dors were piescnt, sitting with the Ku<mri mag nates opposite the Imperial family. The Ditches of Edinburgh took precedence after Qu- en 0 ga. 