AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS. The eighth anniversary dinner of the Port Adelaide Branch of this Society was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, March 24. About a hundred sat down. Mr, T. R. Kneebone, the President of the branch, was in the chair, and was supported by Messrs. D. Bower, J. P., W. E. Mattinson, M.P., Mr. T. J. King, J.P. t(Mayor), Mr. W. Christie, and Mr. E. H. Derrington. After a capital spread had been partaken of and the loyal toasts disposed of His WORSHIP the MAYOR proposed " The Parliament," but first of all alluded to the great work done in the world by the large body of engineers. With regard to their late members, he thought they had done their best for the good of Port Adelaide and the colony generally. Mr. D. BOWER, J.P., who was received with applause, said he was pleased to think the Rev. Mr. Green was not present, as he was sure he would refer to himself and his colleague as the ghosts of two members of Parliament. (Laughter.) They were like scholars let loose from school; they were supposed to have done their duty, ani finished their engagements, and under those circumstances they went home to their friends and acquaintances. If they had been good boys the lessons given to them to study would have been learned. If they did not answer the questions they were told they were not worthy of support. The Parliaments he had been associated with had generally been open to receive information or had been ready to attend to the wants of the people. Under those circumstances he was satisfied in his own mind—although it might be said the old members had sought their own selfish motives—he was satisfied that ninetenths had gone to Parliament to do what they could for their fellow-countrymen. (Hear, hear.) It had been a labour of love with the larger number. They talked about patriotism : but there was a great deal more of self-pride, ambition, and other motives desiring to be considered of benefit to those around them. He would not give a fig for the man who had only self-aggrandizement before him. They were all being educated to what they had to carry out—not only the mechanic, but the labouring man. He looked forward to the day when they would have all the members of Parliament from the Model Schools, for he thought that Port Adelaide ought to be proud that she had such offspring surrounding her. Though there was no Parliament, if anything shonld occur the Ministry would be called upon to exercise their responsibility. No doubt the members of the Upper House still held their positions, if the others were of no use to the country. The only person of power was the Governor and his Executive. To-morrow night they would hear them, but for himself and his colleague he could say they had done their best. If they jiad promised to do a thing they had done it. Hence the very large requisition they had both received they were glad to accede to. If the people of Port Adelaide would like another person in bis place he would be glad to retire, as he had before remarked. But lie took their requisition as a reply to him. He should be sorry to refuse to act for his old friends and associates in the Port. He was an engineer himself, brought up to the business, and had worked at the vice and the lathe; and he could say as a person who had worked his way up to the top of the ladder he would always strive to make it easy for others to follow. He felt thoroughly that he was one of themselves. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. E. MATTINSON-, J.P., also responded, though as be was not an M.P. he thought he ought not to speak. But as the elections were coming on he asked them to be careful in electing members, and speak out on the taxation question. He said this because members of the Upper House had rejected the taxation proposals carried by the House of Assembly previous to his being a member. He thought they threw it out on the ground that taxation was not necessary. But it had been clearly shown for three years that it was. Although he did not agree with the Bill sent up from the House, still the Upper House should discuss the merits of the policy before throwing it out, and saying they would allow the people to express an opinion on it. His reason was that it was almost impossible for them to express an opinion on the taxation question, because there were so many questions besides. There were tb e local option question occupying a great number of electors, the question of payment of members, the question of the tariff, and manv others. But perhaps if they did not speak out plainly on the taxation question they would not [inthe Board in such a way that it would have a marine engineer as one of its members to overlook practical work done by the Government. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible for his colleague or himself to work it into the Act, but they would agree with him that the Government gave a distinct promise that on the_ first vacancy they would appoint an engineer to fill it. He would not say the Government would do it, as they had promised so much and performed so little, But they would have an opportunity to redeem the promise, and he hoped the time was not far distant when they would see a member of the Marine Board one of their engineers. (Hear, hear.) Four names were submitted. He was not quainted with two of them, though he thought they were competent; but from his personal knowledge of the other two he thought they would be a credit to the Marine Board and to the Engineers' Society. He refened to Messrs. Christie and Smith, and would recommend either to the first appointment. He was pleased the Marine Board did not send to England for the Governor Musgrave's engines. He did not know whether they had passed the last test, but he believed they had satisfied the Board, and had shown to the world wiiat Port Adelaide eould do. (Applause.) He hoped thev would keep more work in the colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. L. BARROW then proposed "The Amalgamated Society of Engineers," and argued strongly in favour of keeping work within the colony and imposing a duty 011 soods which could be manufactured here. The eight-hours movement also had his warm support. Mr. YY\ BERRY - responded, and gave a large number of figures, showing the advantages of combination amongst the workmen, evidenced by the amounts spent in sick pay, help to Societies in distress, and other worthy objects. Mr. W. GROSE gave "The Port Adelaide Branch." Mr. E. SVMES (Secretary) responded. Amongst other information He stated that the income for the year amounted to fil'.U 17s. 5d., and the expenditure to £82 4s, 7d. ; the latter sum was made up as follows :— Sick pay £12, donations £15 3s., benevolent grants £6 15s., funeral expenses £29, and working expenses £19 6s. 7d. The year's transactions had left them a balance to the good of £112 12s. 10d., which added to the balance in hand in March, 1883, made a total ef £500 2s. lOd. Of this sum, £130 had been forwarded to Fngland to assist other branches of the Society which were not in such a flourishing financial condition as their own, and the sum then in the Bank was £370 2s. 10d. t or £5 Is. 5<L per member. During the past twelve months the branch had added twelve new members, and had lost two by death, and several by clearances. The number then on the roll was seventy- three, of whom six were out of employment. He thonght it was bad policy on the part of the Government to send such large quantities of work out of the colony, and yet to entice workmen by means of emigration. The benefit to the country would be much greater if the Government would endeavour to keep those already in it employed by sending Government work to local firms—(Hear, hear) — than by the few pounds saved by sending it to the old country, and keeping tiie colony in a poor conditiou. (Applause.) Our Guests," "Town and Trade of Port Adelaide," " The Ladies," and " The Press" were afterwards _ given and responded to. During the evening a number of songs were sung, and a very enjoyable gathering was spent. 