OUPt PARIS LETTER. M. Alfred Naquet, the champion for the repeal of the Jaw against divorce, aud the representative of 8,000 separated once turtle doves, has the odds in his favor that he will succeed. His bill has passed the Chamber of Deputies triumphantly since last year, although at first thrown out, in 1879\. It is now undergoing the second reading in the senate. Public opinion, once] so hostile in divorce, has' beeng converted to the necessity of the measure, and such has been brought about by Naquet's lecturing tours. Deputies said, *' We would vote willingly for you, but pur electors are opposed to the bill. Convert them." And Naquefcdid so. M. Naquet is an Israelite, aud a distinguished chemist: he is hunchbacked and about 54 years of age : he is a good, winning speaker. He is married, but separated, amicably, from his wife ; they did not agree ia religious matters; his wife, a Catholic, wanted to convert him, and he only desired to be left alone, in company with his retorts, his theories, and his industrial discoveries. So they separated mutually, he, leaving to his lady to bring up the children in her own persuasion. He is on the best visiting terms with his wife and family, and dines occasionally with them. He occupies his own home ; two rooms on a fifth story ; over head, the attic is his study ; and above that, the lumber room, i.is labora- tory. He cooks an egg, and makes a cup of coffee, when hungry ; if he forgets his repast, so much the worse for the food supplies of Paris, and their dealers. The two chief difficulties M. Naquet encounters are, the religious one, which views marriage as indissoluble, that is, not insurmountable. The second is what to do, or how to deal with the children of divorced parents. Naquet says, that 39 per cent, of widowers re-marry, to have a mother for their children ; those who are ' separated' take a mistress in the same end. Better than tbe latter is a stepmother. Widows too, find husbands more rapidly than maidens, as they too, require a protector. Personally, Naquet is of opinion, that if a wife obtains a divorce as the consequence of her husband's misconduct, she has all the reasons in the world for resuming her maiden name. If she be to blame, the husband ought not to have his name dragged in the mire. Quite a remarkable change has set in respecting Suez Canal politics, and shows what remarkable discipline pievails in French journalism. Last week, the press was all anglophobia ; at present, all anglomania, since it appears chat Bismarck is the cause of the coldness and acerbity reigning between England and France. Despite the 'canards '{manufactured here, not a Frenchman but knows in bis heart, England has no intention to relax her grip in Eiypt, and compromise the position she has exceptionally and dearly won for the beautiful eyes of France. England will not 4 scuttle' : she will have no international cooks: she will not inaugurate the ' walking out' policy, while France is * walking in,' to Tuais, Tonkin, Madagas- car, Central Africa, with Morocco and the Oceanic Archipelago in the mind'B eye, and Russia extending the Merv joke into Persia. Viacomte de Bizemout urges that the first step in the 'protecting' of Morocco is, for France to back up Sidi- Abdesslan, the great religious chief, and the mutual foe of the reigning Sultan and the hereditary English Consul, Sir John Drummond. That France will organise a colonial army, to have and to hold, her new possessions is certain ; but Lhat iliese new colonies will be worked or developed, by French merchaats, no one believes, save the speculators who count to do a good stroke of business, when the mother country proposes railways and other public works. The colonies of France will ever have armies of officials ; as for colonists, 'X' will represent that unknown quantity, M. Clemeuceau in rendering an account of his stewardship to his const'tuects on Sunday last, made a very remarkable speech. It was a programme—discourse delivered by an orator, cool, pb cky and incisive. These extra Parliamentary utterances will not fall unheeded on the country, for whatever may be cousidered, not Utopian, but advanced, in C-lemenceau's view, (ht. people know fuil well he is a man that will never trim, never swallow his principles for post or place. 'Thiers, he stated, accustomed us to the Republic without republicans ; at present, France has the republicans without the Republic. He denounced ths revolutionary socialists, not with passion, such is not in his character, but with a conclusive and crushiug logic, united to common sense. It was not by violent language, denunciations, and menacing the middle classes with annihilation, that the * prol^uiire' could ameliora.e his condition, but by the scientific study of all the processes in operation iu every country, and notably iu England, aud detemiiuation to patiently await results. The mure the workman practised self respect, the more would he uphold his dignity and independence. There was no formula, no nostrum, no magic for achieving these results. The leading socialists avowed this desired emancipation required much time ; such was the opinion of Karl Max, and Lassalle fixed two centuries to accomplish the change. To preach then a was between classes was insanity, utidet a republic, it xas an impossibility. On the subject of the colonial craze, M. Clemeuceau was equally clear and explicit. Such colonial extension meant functionaries, not colonists, entailed on France, new anxieties, augmented budgets, fresh responsibilities. It was as it were, 'watering' the resources and the strength of the nation. Although the country displays but little interest in the revision of the constitution bill, there is ever the unknown to be counted with in the French Parliament. All the most perfectly decreed constitu- tions drawn up,whether by a Lycurgus or a Sifcyes,will vanish like ghosts at cock crow the moment ' events' dictate the revision. Prince Victor Napoleori begs to be let alone, aud left free to set up a bachelor home for himself: be will have nothing to do with politics ; he leaves such things to his loving papa and Paul de Cassaguap. M. Morton, the American minister, gives more dinners-than all tbe ambassadors and officials united. He prides faim- 'self on thbir being 'select,' that which makes his popular predecessor. Geheral Noyes, now here in a tourist capacity prick up his ears. But see the result: the minister blundered into the imprudence of giving an ' Orleanist' dinner party,and so has compromised bis position with the Republic, that naturally accredited strangers ought not to give either select or promiscuous banquets to its enemies. All this will not advance tho admission of American pork into France. 