THE GHOST JITJIREYSTONES. Br Audrey Frere, "Garencc is coming -to-day !" ejaculated Herbert, looking up from his latter with an expression in which astonishment, deprecation and fraternal joy strugglo for supremacy. "To-day?" exclaims Maggie, pausing with the tea-pot suspended in air over Herbert's largo blue breakfast cup, I look up, politely inquiring. The Bubjccfc interests mo but slightly, " Yes ; he got leave of absence a whole month sooner than ho had hoped, as Walters has changed his mind and stays with tho regiment. He took the first mull and arrived at Southampton tho day before yesterday. He will be hero this afternoon." " Doar Garenco I" Bays Maggie, Boftly. " How I long to seo him !" Then with asuddon blnsh of mortification — Maggie has not lost her girlish trick of binshing with every emotion, married woman though ahe be of fivo years' standing. " Oh, Herbert, where skull we put the dear boy I" My brother-in-law fixc3 bis glass in his right eyo and contemplates his wife and tho sitnntion helplessly, I preserve a discreet silence. When Herbert came into this delightful but dilapidated piece, of property, Gray-stones, through the death of a distant cousin, somo thrco or four months ago, the whoio family — comprising my sister Maggie, her husband, Captain Herbert Lowther and myself— fell violently in lovo with the picturesque old place, and elected to come and stay hero through the spriug months. By dint of hard work and judicious outlay, we hare made the large, square hall, the diu- ing, drawingroom, and our respective bedrooms not only comfortable but comely ; but an army of bricklayers, etone-cuttors and decora tors have but just begun to restore the hitherto uninhabitable west wing to comfort and safely. And in this wing had Maggie, like Kubla Khan, decreed " a stately pleasure dome" of a bachelor's apartment for her adored spouse's beloved only brother— only living relative, in fact — Garenco Lowther, now about to join our homo circle after several years of foreign «r- vice. All Maggie's wifely affection (and in my opinion there's more than enough of it), and all her housewifely pride, have been enrolled in this noble cause vainly, f ir Mr. Lowther's untimely arrival has shattered all her visions. There is a silence. I go on eating my breakfast sedately. Looking up with a request for another cup of tea, I find Maggie'b eyes fixed on mine beseechingly. I know at once what alio wants, and by some fatal pre science I know, too, that I shall he cajoled into giving it to her, oven while in reply to tho look I say, will: tho severest determination and with a decided scowl : " I won't do any thing of the land, Maggie ; it's no use asking mo." Maggie rises and, slipping behind my chair, lays her two arms ronnd my neck, and her soft check against mine. Herbert retreats behind the Timet. " My darling," she murmurs, softly, "your dear, good heart thought of it as soon as I did ; dear, you trill- let mo havo your room for poor Garenco ? Ho wilt think else ho is not welcome — nnd, dear Herbert has been looking forward to this visit for so long. It would be such n disappointment to mo not to be nb!c to mnko him comfortable after all his hard life in barracks nnd India, and such horrid places. He's dear Herbert's only kith and kin, you know, and I wanted him to feel at homo among us," and a cold littio tear trickles from Maggie's cheek to mino. Of course that dcoidos it. " You ore a goose, Maggie, but you can have my room," I any, rather ungraciously, and, rising, I run out and upstairs. My pretty room ! I look round It, feeling sore and spiteful enough to cry ; then its incon gruity with such beings as artillery officers strikes me, and I begin to laugh. It is an extravagance in heliotrope, nnd would make anyouo bilious but mo ; it gleams with waxed satin-wood, it foams over in lace, it glitters with hovelled mirrors and cut glass toilet articles ; it contains all my pet pic tures, books, plaques, and bi'.e'.ots. I "have ar ranged it all with my own hands ; it is only a week since the ln3t touch was put to it— and now I must turn out of it for a man I never saw ! My indignation arises anew. " Shall I over be snch a fool about a man as Maggie is about lier husband ?" I think, inele gantly bnt forcibly. " It is simply exaspe- rating, the way she adores and spoils "hint ; and now she is going to coddio Gnrenco simply because he is Herbert's brother! Well, one thing I am resolved on : I will not coun tenance any such foolishness." I may here remark that it ia my sanguine habit to make plans constructed on deep-laid principles for future notion, and to be un- discouraged by their frequent, if not constant futility. " He shall have my room because I liato to Bee Maggie unhappy ; but ho shull see that officers are not ruu after by every girl they moet. Of course Ilorbert and Maggie think him perfection, but I havo every right to an tintrnjutliced, unbiassed opinion. I shall treat him politely, hut vory coldly, and shall ho as haughty and reserved as — as — I know how to be," I conclude, rather lamely. Fortified with these resolutions, I stand in front of the long mirror aud proceed to try efforts of disdain, ranging nil tho way from withering scorn to icy indifference. I find that a rather round, dimpled face, a slightly tilted nose and a wavy mass of reddish hair compose a figure ckifftrnie rather than dignified ; bnt practice makes perfect, and I have resources in a pair of cxprcssivo dark grey oyen, in black brows whioh can scowl effectively, nnd in a sharp upper lip ; a littio droop at the oorners of the month adds an artistic finish to a decidedly repellent ex pression, " It is well 1" I remark, with satisfaction. " Bnt if I were only 3 inohes taller, how inuri. more effective it would nil bo 1',' I think, 2 what dolefully. ' Hore, however, art can como to the assist anco of nature, I plunge into deep medits tion for somo minutes, nnd then, omenrine with the smile of one who has dived far and returned with the pearl of an idea, I doa hit and cloak and ring for my pony carriage. Our county town is only about four miies off Thither I drive, und at the " Boot aud Shoo Emporium" purchase a pair of shoes with verv high heels— a pair which had been bou-dit bv the proprietor as a leathery joko in his one visit to " Paree," and, bc8ide3 being marvels of open work and stitching, aro decorated with Louis Quinze heels at least 3 inches hiirh shod with brass. 1 On my return, Maggie meets me in the lull " Darling Amy, I have had Dawson's room arranged quite comfortably for you," " Where is poor Dawson to sleep, then ?" I ask, with much concern, Dawson is my maid, and I have a great affection for her. _ " Oil, up in the little garret room ; X had it nicely cleaned aud arranged, and she says alio always sleeps so heavily that hor room" mat- tors very little if she only has a comfortable bed. What have you there 5" _ " Nothing !" I reply, airily and menda. ciously, and, ascending, tnko possession of my now, but, alas ! how different, apartment. It is liaif-past four on the samo day, I have taken advantngo of its being a coolatter. noon to nrray myself in a trailing black velvet gown ; I havo twisted my hair into an impos- ing braid on top of my head, havo put on the high heeled absurdities (which arc considerably too large), and havo practised a majestic de meanor before the Bwing glass, which lias been transported from my heliotrope sanctuary. Now, henring wheels, I restrain an undigni fied impulse to go and look out of the window. There is a slight bustle below, the carriage drives off to the stables, I hear a murmur of voices, and opening my door very cautiously about an inch, I peer out. It is in a modest corner of tho gallery which runs round the square hall, and looking through the light balustrade, I can eeo a tall, easy figure ia a well out travelling suit, bending a dark head oyer my sister's hand, whioh ho is holding in liis, Maggie is looking np at him and bidding him welcome, with eyes and heart #3 well as voice. I daresay ! Welcoming him to my beautiful room ! "Amy!" shout3 Herbert, "como down to tea — Clarence is here !" I fly noiselessly across the room and respond faintly : " Coming !" "A — my !" calls Maggie, talcing an octavo upwards very creditably. I open my door, vexed to feel my cheeks grow hot, and sweeping grandly round two "ides of the gallery, descend the broad shallow Bteps with drc-ning eyelids and easy uncon cern until 1 reach the fourth from tho bottom. Here my treacherous shoes betray me. Ona of them catches, twists ; I try vainiy to steady myself, Btumble wildly downwards and fling myself with flattering, but unwilling, impet uosity into the arms, outstretched tu save me, of Garenco LowtRer. I extricate myself in a moment ; hut both my unfortunate ehoe3 have got lucked off iu the mCltc, aud lie exposed to public view. "This is Amy, Garencc," Bays Herbert amiably. To acknowledge the introduction is. beyond my power. I simply turn and flee upstairs, shoeless, in an agony of mortification. It is three weeks later, and May is at her brightest. Maggie and Herbert have just driven off to the station, business calling tliern to London ; this is Monday, and thoy will not be back until Wednesday. Meanwhile, I am left to "entertain Garencc," and my idea of ao doing is to lot him severely alone. He was rather a difficult person at first with whom to live on a war footing, being almost provokingly good tempered ; and were it not against my principles to swerve from any plan of action I liave once laid down for myself, I think I would have fouud pleasure in his society. Ho lias, however, for the last few days, accepted the aituatioo, and avoided me almost markedly. " I do not think it is quite nice in him to be so very distant," I think, as I walk rather dejectedly through tho home paddock. "It is scarcely gentlemanlike to show a lady so persistently that her society is of no value to him. He ought to take a little trouble to find out if one ia nice or not ; I only want to show him by my rcaerve that I was not one of tlis garrison girls he has beon accustomed to. "Men havo no penetration. Now I saw before ho had been here a fortnight that lis wa3 very difforent to what I had imagined — iu fact, that ho quite merited dear llerbort's good opinion of him; I was just enough to own to myself that there was no further need of treating him with coldness aud aversion. But he evidently does not care to find my good qualities out — and now, Maggie and Iferboit have gone, I shall bo so lonely." I am leaning on tho white gate, looking blankly out upon the fair wc&ld; of Sussex spread out iu spring-time beauty before me : but big tears well up in my eyes and drowu out all tho landscape. " A lovely view, Mis3 Germyn," says Gnrence Lowther's voice, close besido me. "Yes," I mutter, with an irrepressible snuffle, for which I could beat myself. ' He vaults over the gate, nnd loans on it, almost faeing mo ; I glare at him angrily through my babyish tears. He looks at me with a gravo, inquiring expression. " Miss Amy, why do you bate me so ?" " I don't !"I exclnim, bluntly, this sudden attack completely taking away my presence of mind, " Oh, yes, you do ! And I am tho only living creature about tire placo — except spiders — whom you dislike. You are like your pro totype — 'Fair Amy of the terraced house'— You give your coffco to the cat, You stroke the dog for coming, And at! your free grows kinder at The little brown bco's humming. I am tho only one you never have a kind word for — aud I — don't lifco it. It hurts me, he says, in a lower tone, his eyes meeting mine with a wounded, proud look in them, boforo whioh mine droop. - I blush unaccountably. , " I did not mean to hurt you, Mr. Lowther , it's my naturnl — badness, I suppose," trying to smile -naturally. " lour badness I You arc good to every ono but me. I know wlio is the nngel in the vll- loae. though she has only been horo three mouths j 1 know who watches by the stole and feeds and clothes tho poor; I know who is adored by every man, woman and child, home, do« and cat about tho place— and who has a smile for them all but one— who cannot think why ho shouldn't havo his Bliare of sunshine 'I look at him timidly whilo ho is speaking. After all— what was his offence ? Simply taking my heliotrope growlory all unwittingly. I feel ashamed of myself, and yet dare not confess, for I would not havo him know I was so childish, so selBish. I suppose I look re lenting, liowover, for he suddenly takes my hand, and bending bis handsome lioad to look into my groy eyes with an eager, softened ex pression in his own dork hazel ones. "'Fair Amy of tho terraced house, he goes on, quoting ; Assist mc to discover Why you, who would not hurt a mouse, dan torturo so your—" " Nonsense I say, hastily ; rnd, pulling my hnnd from his, turn and run away fleetly, never pausing till I am safe in my own room, where I am confronted by Dawson. That worthy young woman has hsr head tied tip in rod flannel and a generally tear stained and over washed face. "Tootbaclio not better yet, Dawson I ask, sympathetically. "It is not that ma'am; its worso than toothache," she replies, mysteriously miser- able. . " What ? Are things going wrong botweon yon and Alexander?" Alexander is our Scotch coachman, and I take groat interest in a flourishinglovo affair between him and Dawson, " Oil, no, ma'am ; every think is smiles be twixt us." Here Bhe breaks down and sobs convulsively. " Do tell mo what is tho matter, Dawson — I insist upon knowing." "Well, then, Miss Amy— it's the garret room ; I shall die if I have to sleep thero again." "Why, Dawson, I thought youhadnoob; joction to it — / have had to give up my room, and we thongbt " "Oh, ma'am, It's not that; it's " Here she goes to the door, opens it, peeps out and shuts it carefully again ; then, coming close up to mo, whispers : " It's ghost!, ma'am." " Dawson ! You're dreaming." ' "I wiBli I was, ma'am, I was wide awake In 'eiliah hagonies with my tooth, whioh it's the first wakofnl night I'vo had for mouths ; for you know, ma'am, how sound I sleep." " Well, what did you see, Dawson ?" I ask, laughing. "I didn't see nothing, ma'am ; I heard it." "It? What?" " A spinning wheel, ma'am — a spinning g1i03t ! Well 1 know the sound, for we had a wheel at home at tho farm. And, as plain as If it was in the room, thero was that wheel n-whirring and a-whirrfng, and tho treadle a-patting and a-pauing. sometimes fast, some times slow. It 'ua stop altogether for a while, and then it would begin again, till I thought I'd go mad with tho fright of it.» And it stopped at day-dawn, as all them ghostly gomes doos." " I hope yon have not been alarming tho oilier servants with this nonsense," I say, with severity. "Me, ma'am ? I've no wish to be langhed at ; and that Alexander, he's sueh a skeptic he'd never forgive me for being 'super- Btectious,' as he calls it. But, oh, dear Miss Amy ! .Save me from sleeping there to-night ! Hot me sleep by you on tho floor— do, Miss Amy !" The poor girl is evidently so nervous and Upset by her nightmare that I promise at once to get different quarters for her, and alio goes about her work again with a moro checriul countenance. The day passes tranquilly. I keep carefully out of Mr. LowtliorV way, for a new, Btrauge shyness makes mo a little afraid to meet him. At luncheon and dinner we aro obliged to face each other, but the butler and I113 solemn aids keep as in countenance, and as soon so the latter meal is ended tho vicar is announced. He always considers mo a little girl, so ho carries off Garence into the library for a smoko and one of their frequent political wrangles — much to iny satisfaction, as I dreaded tho prospect of an evening tSte-d-t(te. I go to bed early in pursuit of a dolightrally bold project, which is to deliver Dawson from the trammols of " superstition," to brand ghosts as not only improbable hut impossible, and to stamp mo for over as a strong-minded woman. I insist on sleeping in tho liauntod room myself, while Dawson shall escape con tumely by taking my room and bed " unbe knownst," as she expresses it. . _ The somewhat hare, dull littlo garret-room is in one of the many gables of the irregular old house, and smells faintly of fruit and Bpices. I believe tho last family used it as a Btoreroom. Tho bed, though narrow, is com- fortable ; I lie awako about an hour finishing an enthralling novel, and then, with vory . littlo nervous tremor, I extinguish my candle and am soon in dreamland. I cannot fell how long I havo wandered through a sunny landacapo, hand in hand with somo dear friend who looks marvellously like Gnronco Lowther, whon I suddenly find myself broad Swnko, Btnring ont into tho darkness and stcniug intently. I feel " uncanny ;" tho darkness _ is intense; I reach out my hand through it towords.my candle, and suddenly . recollect I have no matohea. At the same in- J.'.10' hear something — a croaking — almost like a footstep— then a dull thud— thou ano- >hor and another, like tho tapping of a treadle pn the floor — and thon yes! Great heavon/ The spinning wheel ! Whirr, whirr, whirr, with many a break, . With many a Btop ; sometimes for a minute, sometimes for an hoar, it Bcexns to mo, sitting thore motionless, unublo to compute time; feeling nothing bat an angry terror Buch as I think no sight, liowover awful, could inspire. And bo I remain all through the seemingly eternal night. At last — oh, welcome Bight 1— tho early Tt'Sf16' nwn sloama in through tho window, ft gives mo courage to rise and creep nolse- "jsuy through tho coiridors until I reach . nugglo's empty room. I slip shivering into cr bod, and after a while forgot tho night's horror ln.blessed deep, «»-ii wak to find Dawson standing by my side bni "i cllP toa. looks at me gravely, t asks no questions ; I volunteer no remarks; t dress woarily and desooud to tho dining Garonoe comes to meot me. .Good God, my ohlld! What is tho matter T You look as If yon had scon a ghost!" The oxtromc aptness of this remark tickles my ever present senBe of tho ludicrous, nod I begin to laugh ; but finding hilarity danger ous, inssmuoli as it brings me to tho verge of tears, I make a severe and successful effort at self control, and tell Garenco the whole improbable story. Much to my relief lie treats it neither with ridicalo nor incre dulity. " We will go up after breakfast and investi gate, we twoaldno," he says, bristly ;nnd then, changing the subject, tries hard to mako me cat Bomo breakfast, but I osn touch nothing hat a little tea. Then ho takes my hand as if I were a little child, and wo mount to the attic and survey the little bedroom carefully. It is long and narrow, with a dormer window at ono end, and tho wall3 are covered, not with paper, but with an old- fashioned Chinese cretonne, nailed on in long stripB. " Tho noise seemed to come from there" I say, timidly pointing to tho sido opposite tho bed. Garenco has been Bounding all the other walls, meeting brick or Blone apparently overywhbre ; bnt when lie raps loudly on this one, It returns n hollow, resonant sound, "There is wood here," hs says. Springing lightly on a chair, lie takes hold of a strip of cretonne at the top, where it has fallen loose and tears the whole strip off bodily, the rotten old material coming away from tho nails without resistance, and revealing a partition composed of worm oaten planks. Garence loaves the room and returns almost instantly with a basket of carpenter's tools, borrowed from tho builders. Inserting the sharp odge of an axe into tho crack betweon two planks, he soon forces the rotten old wood work apart ; light comes through tho crevice thus made, and with a few vigorous strokes of the axe bo soon succeeds in making an opening largo enough for us to pass through, I follow ing him with timid curiosity. We find ourselves in a small, slant roofed space ; opposite to us is a littlo, latticed dor mer window, with diamond panes ; on its sill stands a tali, quaint green glass bottle, half fall of yellowish liquid. Between us and the light stands a large ebony -spinning wheel, and with a cry of sick horror I rool backwards and fill fainting against the partition. For there on the floor by its sido, clad still in a few discolored rags of raiment, lies a yel lowish, ghastly, grinning skeleton. I awake to a confused sense of cool, fragrant air, of being supported in tender arms, of pas sionate words calling upon me to revive. " Darling, for God's sake look at me — speak to me, Amyr.my little love, my life I" This is so perfectly charming and delightful that I am by no means in a hurry to shorten my swoon ; however, the accent'of Garonce's voice is of one so truly distressed tlmt I at last unclose my eyes, ana look first into his pale, anxioas face, and then round tho morning room, into which I presumo he has carried me. Then it all comes back to mc, and I raise myself with a frightened cry. " Ob, Garence ! It is all truo ! The house is haunted." " Ho, no, my child ; there is something mysterious but not difficult to discover about all tills. I am going to watch to-night, and then I shall find ont all about it." "Oh, no— no — you mustn't!" I cry, and being still weak from the shock, begin trem bling so violently that ho thinks best to carry me to my room und leave me iuDawsou's care. I wisely betake to myself to bed, and lie there all through the long May day, waited on devotedly by Dawson, dozing feverishly at times, and feeling as if I were going to havo a long illness, Garence comes to the door from time to time and makes low-voiced inquiries, but even his gentle knock startles me so much that towards seven o'clock I send him word I am much butter and am going to Bleop ; so ho comes no moro. And, strange to say, in a few moments I do fall asleep — heavily, dreamleasly. I wake, feeling wonderfally refreshed, to find tho moonlight streaming in through the open window, dimming tho light of the one shaded candle. Dawson is snoring blissfully on a couch near mo. I Bit up and strike my repeater; it gives back twelve silvery strokes. It is ghost-time — and I romember suddenly that Garenco had said he was going to watch in that dreadful room to-night. Oh, how can he — how can lie? Why did I not implore, command him not to bo so rash ? He must bo there now — waiting, perhaps, for somo dreadful vision that may strike madness to his brain 1 For people do go mad from terror- even if some one is only playing a practical joke, It may drivo him distraught I Then I recollect a horriblo story which once mado a great impression on mo — purporting to be written by a girl whoso lover went to watch for a ghost ; tolling how they had agreed that hs shonld ring in oaso of an ap- pearanco, and how, when tho warning boll sounded, slio rushed to him, only to find him expiring with tho words, " / hare seen it !" on his lips. Oil, how conld that girl lot him face such a monstrous, nunatural danger oiono ? I spring from my bed, put on a warm white wrappor, slip my feet into noiseloss velvet slippers and pass like a ghost myself up tho garret stairs. I pause just outside the door of the haunted room ; it ia open, and tho moon light is bright enough for me to distinguish Garence silting in the bedroom, half hidden in the gloom to the left of the broken parti tion, but so Bituated that he can look into the space beyond where that dreadful — thing — is. There is a dead Bilenco ; I can hear mv heart beat and I am shaking with fear, but I realise that I could face a legion of ghosts to buvo my whilom onemy from harm. Suddenly Garenco moves cautiously and bends forward a littlo more ; thero are sounds from the room boyond — a faint thud — thon another — and then the horriblo whirr of the wheel begins, slowly but clearly. My life is coucentratod in wntchiug Garence's fo.oo ; I Bee itslceen, determined expression change to one of wondor, then of amusomont ; then he breaks into a hearty laugh and clasps his hands smartly. Good God 1 Has he gone mad ? I utter an irrepressible exclamation. Ho springs up, and making a dash at me, catches me before I can get away. " Amy /" he says, in deepest astonishment. " What are yon doing hore, ill as you are?" Ho looks quite sane as ho takes my two hands and draws me into the moonlight. I feci extremely foolish. "I — I was afraid — I didn't lilco— you wore all alone — and I thought tho ghosts — " This is what I managed to stammer in pain ful confusion. " Ghosts ? Come and look at them," And he moves forward a Btop. " Oli, no I" " I'll take care of yon— sit hore," he says, holding my hand still. "How stay quite quiet." I do as I am bidden, and look towards the wheel ; tho ghastly heap at its side is gone. The ceiling of tho little room is very low, and is crossed by n perfeot tangle of beams and rafters. As I gaze something move3 along the lowest of them, and I involuntarily pinch Garence's hand tightly. Tho next in stant a large rat springs gently on to the wheel and off to tho floor ; followed in tho same way by several others ; the impetus given is enough to set tho wheel in motion, and as theso frisky rodents evidently consider the wholo thing n gigantic gymnasium got up for their especial use and behoof, thoy keep up tho gamo with spirit until Garence and I break into involuntary laughter at their pranks, when thoy souttlo off hastily to their holes. " I had tho — remains taken to tho sexton's for tho present," said Garence. His voice recalls mo to the fact thnt I am en dishabille, hair unbound, all hut barefooted, and bidding liim a hasty good night, I rise to go. "Wait a moment," he says imperiously. "Yon have to confess what brought yon here to-night." "Lot me go 1" I murmur, desperately. "No— not till you to'.l me. Were yon afraid for me, Amy?" I nod my lioad shyly. 'And yon thought you could take care of me ?" "I thought — it would not bo so dreadful — if thero were aome ono else," I stammer. " You bravo little darling ! Amy, don't you know that all my life will be ' dreadful' if — you arc not there to stand by me ? Tell me why youjeame to-night — wasn't it because you cared for mo a littlo, after all ?" "No," I say, unable to resist teasing. "No ?" His face growB whito in tho moonlight. I cannot reBist its appeal. " Ho because I care for you — a great deal, Garenco," I whisper, " My own I" And his arms fold me in their sweet shelter. Maggie and Herbert reaoh home by dinner time of this eventful Wednesday, which began rather early for Garence and mc ; and we have the pleasure of first tnrning them quite faint by a graphic recital of our ghost story, and then before thoy have half recovered from that shock, Garenco insists on Btunning them with the announcement of our engagement, " It is too lovely ! But you are sueh a child still," Maggie says to me, plaintively. " And it ia only three weeks sinco lie came ! Aro you sure that you care for him and that ho loves you, Amy?" I Bmile with perfect confidence. I can an swer for myself, and Garenco has confided to me that ho was mors than nlne-tentlis in lovo with me before wo met, for Horbert hod sent him Maggie's and my ivory miniatures a year ago. " Afld when I arrived and you fell into my arms, my darling " But there are Bomc subjects too delicate to mention, and I never shall he able to bear any allnsions to those shoos. We have not yet fathomed the mystery of the poor skoleton and the spinning wheel ; but when we do, you shall hear all about it. — Frank Leslie's Illustrated cwspaper. 