HOME LIFE IN ENGLAND, BY A LONDON LADY. THE WHITE ELEPHANT. - A PRIVATE RECEPTION. THE FIRST LIVE ELEPHANT IN ENGLAND. -ROYAL PETS.-THE TOWER MENAGERIE-COST OF KEEPING AN ELEPHANT.-" CHUNEE. "- THE ZOO. -READING ALOUD. - SHAKSPEARE EVENINGS - " LOVE'S LA- BOUR LOST."-DANCING.-THE NEW STEPS. ALL London waa in a state of excitement last week about the " white elephant," which turned out to be no more white than any other specimens of its species in the same house as the sacred "Toung." "Old 'Tongue," as the keepers call him, may be sacred, but he certainly is not white. He is a pretty elephant, not so large as the lamented Jumbo, but with brilliantly white well shaped ivory tusks, and faultlessly clean large white toe nails. His ears are large and very mobile, mottled at their edges with black spots, on a sort of flesh coloured' ground. There are several patches of a similar colour on his body, making him somewhat pie- bald. At the private reception given by this distin- guished stranger the day after his arrival in London, I saw M.P.'s without number and literary men not a few, whilst after Church time on Sunday morning the crowd of Fellows of the Zoological Society and their families was really amusing. I held quite a levee as I sat on the bench opposite the green baize lined compartment to which everybody flocked, and amongst the multitude I was able to exchange greetings with numbers of my friends and acquaintance. " Whatever justification can there be for calling this fellow white ? said I, to some one. The only reply, with a laugh, was " Barnum !" I felt rather sorry for the good-looking, sad, and soli- tary Mahout, who sat for hours on the elephant's back, dressed in a sort of pink silk skirt, with a kind of lady's dressing jacket of white figured muslin, edged with em- broidery over it, a bright yellow turban on his head above his long black hair, and naked feet, which must have been little used to cold damp stones, such as he stood upon when he dismounted, declining the offer of shoes or even slippers. Very stolid indeed he looked, seeming as unable to understand signs or smiles, as English words, for all the blandishments of charming young ladies or pretty demonstrative little girls, were equally indifferent to him as he stood or sat staring wistfully through the oaken bars at the crowd of white faces outside. Writers of experience and knowledge say that there are many more such elephants where this one comes from, and that if any such enormous sum has been given for Toung as is reported his purchaser must have been pretty well cheated, which I can scarcely believe, however. Six hundred years ago, in the reign of Henry the Third, the first live elephant ever seen in London was sent as a present from the French King, St. Louie, to the English monarch, and then the good folks of the City closed their shops and donned their holiday attire to do honour to their king's distinguished guest. A house was built for him within the precincts of the Tower, and this was the beginning of the practice of keeping wild beasts in that historical edifice, which con- tinued till recent times, for Charles Lamb mentions his oft-repeated visits there when as a Bluecoat Boy he had a title to free admission. King James the First had an intense fondness for animals, and tried in all ways to domesticate them. In an old State paper, seen by a friend of mine in the Record Office, there exists a clause as to the due and proper maintenance of the king's newly imported and favourite silk worms. His Majesty had a private,mena- gerie in St. James's Park, and there he kept all the curious beasts he could collect. We read of flying squirrels, live sables, and the beautiful white gyrfalcons of Iceland being lodged there, and one of His Majesty's loving subjects thought to please him by presenting him with a cream-coloured fawn, attended by a woman, who acted as its nurse. About the year 1629 the king of Spain generously added to the collec- tion an elephant and five camels, and great excitement they produced, not only in being led through the town at midnight, but during the period of their residence in St. James's Park, where they were accommodated in almost regal state and comfort. The feeding and attend- ance on the elephant alone was computed to cost £275 15s. in the year, besides " the wyne he must drink from the month of April to September, a gallon the daye," and money was money then ! Many of our fathers and mothers can remember the vast elephant " Chunee," who lived in Exeter 'Change, and whose tragic end during a strange attack of mental aberration kept all London in a ferment for several days. Since the Zoological Gardens were opened in the Re- gent's Park, about fifty-two years ago, nearly all the strange and curious beasts brought to England have taken up their abode there, and have lived a freer and happier life than their predecessors, though it must grieve all who become attached to the dumb and sensi- tive natives of brighter and drier climes to see their rapid mortality in the cold damp air, and on the wet clay soil of our London basin ! The ruminant animals seem to stand it pretty well, but the monkeys and delicate Carnivora disappear almost before one makes their perfect acquaintance. Jenny, the valua- able ourang'outang, died of a bronchial affection since Christmas ; a bald-headed chimpanzee, only brought over in October, who shared her quarters in the insect house, has also succumbed, and there is but one repre- sentative of that man-like group of monkeys left. The new serpent house in the gardens is a pleasant resting place, for it has none of the disagreeable smell of the large monkey house, and has comfortable seats, amid pretty conservatory plants and foliage, and the atmos- phere is kept at an agreeable temperature. If any excuse be needed for social gatherings during the long evenings of the winter one may be found by inducing one's friend's and neighbours to join a sort of Shakspeare club for the study and reading of the works of the great poet. But, even without any such form- ality as the constitution of a club, it is very agreeable to select a suitable play and to invite enough guests to apportion a character to each, and then to sit round the room and read the play through in this way. Of course each friend who is asked to join is told before- hand what part his or hers will be, and there is no appeal from the decision of the hostess who naturally endeavours to cast them suitably. I went to such a little gathering for the purpose of reading one of Shakespeare's early plays, comparatively but little known, for it is seldom acted. "Love's Labour's Lost" has eighteen characters in it, and when we arrived in our friend's drawing-room, books in hand, just as if we were going to church with our prayer-books, there were eighteen chairs placed round the room, with the names of the dramatis personæ written on pieces of paper, and pinned to each chair, and so there was no delay and no disputing. Everybody knew which character was to be theirs, and having previously studied it, and probably marked their Shakespeare, the conversations ran briskly on without halting. Our hostess took care that every reader should have a good and efficient light thrown on to his or her book, which is a most important help to good reading, and is often forgotten, causing hesitation and confusion. The witty sprightly passages between Biron. '' that merry madcap lord," and Rosaline, the "most beauteous lady with the snow white hand," were well given, but one felt that in comparison with Benedict and Beatrice they bore marks of their author's youth and inexperience. The plot of the play is funny enough : the King and his companions vowing to abstain from any pleasures or indulgence for three years, while they devoted them- selves to study ; the scene where their good resolutions are all routed and put to flight by the appearance of the Princess and her charming maidens is full of humour, and bears good reading. " Moth," the saucy little page to the fantastical Spaniard, Armado, was taken by a young lady who did not fail melodiously to whistle an air with variations, just at the right time, most cleverly, when bidden by his master to make ' ' passionate his sense of hearing." We were two hours and a half reading this play, but the time passed quickly, and, after some pleasant refreshment, we went home, feeling that we had not spent an unprofitable or a dull evening. It is an excellent thing to accustom oneself to read aloud, and the oftener it is done the easier it be- comes. Certainly I think this most useful accomplish- ment should be ranked as part of a liberal education, both in men and women. How few young men read fit to be heard ! They bungle and hesitate and are ashamed or afraid to put the smallest expression of feeling into what they read, to a degree which aston ishes me. Girls are often better in this respect, they are not so alarmed lest they should be considered " affected' if they give due weight to the meaning of the words they read, as are their brothers, but I doubt very much if the majority of youths who take this very paper into their hands could read one of its leading articles or even " Penelope's " letter intelligibly, and so as to in- terest others. Yet how often would such a faculty prove to be most valuable ! No boon is greater to the sick the old, or those who can see but little themselves, than an hour's clear, good, intelligent reading, either the new of the day or passages from some favourite book. Per- haps the" Scripture Lesson for the day may be asked for or one of the beautiful Psalms of David ! It is seldon that I hear such selections given without the peculiar and offensive intonation which many persons alway assume even when reading historical portions of the Bible-a melancholy complaining sort of drawl, quite intolerable when the subject described is one of ordinary life ; such as the siege of a city, the building of a temple, or a song of praise and thanksgiving. If only common sense were brought to bear on such matters our young people would soon learn that it is as neces- sary to read naturally, and with appropriate emphasis, as it is to talk so as to be understood. Some of us have given up dancing for many a day but the temptations of festive gatherings just now may tempt us occasionally to join the mazy throng, and then we find ourselves utterly " out -of it," excepting in such jigs as Sir Roger de Coverley, or an ordinary first set of quadrilles, which old-fashioned dances are usually ignored at the present time in fashionable society. A change has come over the spirit of the dance and the mad galops and wild waltzing, which used to resemble the charges of football, have gone out, and the old trois temps waltz, which was taught forty years ago, has come back into favour, so that those who would take to dancing again, after giving it up, must be taught afresh The step is much slower now than it used to be four or five years since, and it seems possible that the courtly minuet may even be revived with all its grace and poetry of motion. Should this be the case we may hope that a flavour of the courtly and graceful manners of the period when it flourished may return to our ball rooms, and a show of deference and politeness may take the place of the unpolished and often too familiar behaviour which is seen in modern society, and would often shock the sen- sibilities of the period when "ball-room manners" meant something which is hardly understood now-a-days. The very self consciousness of youngsters whom we see taking the place of the beaux of former times makes them awkward and shy, and consequently often cubbish and rude in the presence of ladies. They are well enough in the field, and in their white flannels amongst their fellows, but a dress-coat is apt to transform therm into veritable louts. Perhaps if the fashion of slow dancing and attention to appearances be persistent for a few years it may do something to improve the style and manners of our young folks, both inside the ball- room and out of it. What housekeeper who cares for the paint in her house has not been vexed and provoked by seeing that lucifer matches have ruthlessly been lighted by striking on a convenient door panel or window frame ? It is useless to try and discover the offender. When once it has been done it is sure to occur again, and the only safe-guard is to remove the tell-tale mark at once, if possible. If the misdemeanour has been perpetrated just beneath a gas-light, leaving its traces on the panel, it is sure to have establised a precedent, which ought to be obliterated, so that any future attempts to strike a match may be futile. I am told that a little dissolved vaseline rubbed with a flannel well soaked in it on the paint will effectually prevent any further ignition of lucifers, and will generally remove all marks left by the phosphorous. I try to be very careful in renewing the sandpaper on my hanging or standing match boxes di- rectly it is worn smooth, so that there shall be no excuse for using the walls or window panes as striking boards. Chestnuts are very plentiful just now, and having tried and proved them to be a good vegetable to eat with roast meat, I have also tested them as a pleasant sweet dish, which I can recommend. Thus : boil the chestnuts well, then peel and press them with a spoon through a tammy or fine wire sieve till they come through almost in a flaky powder, just as potatoes do. -A little pounded sugar and a few drops of vanilla fla- vouring may be added to them, and they should be pressed through the sieve into the glass dish in which they are to be served, so as to fall lightly in a sort of pyramid shape, and not to require touching at all. This pile of chestnut farina should be surrounded with whip- ped cream, also slightly sweetened. The mixture is excellent. At an evening party one lady was very bitter in referring to an absent acquaintance, of whom she said vehemently that there was not such another for every thing that was unladylike or unwomanly. " Sh-sh, my dear," whispered a friend to her, " you are forgetting yourself." Why might Brutus's ghost have been a cook?-Be- cause it went to Phillippi (fill a pie). When is cheese most like a colllege ? When it is eaten (Eton). When is cheese like music ?-When it is sound. When is cheese like Goliath, the Phillistine ? - When it is mighty (mitey). HAD HIM THERE.-The west-end fishmongers are charging 1s. 3d. per lb. for cod, which can be bought at the Central Marketat 6d. per lb.-See correspondent in Standard.-Lady: "But how is it, Perkins, your fish is so dear, when in the city it is so cheap ?" Fish- monger : " Well, madam, that cheap city fish won't keep, and they're obliged to sell it off quick. Now, I don't care how long I keep my fish."-Lady (sweetly) : Glad to hear it, as I don't intend to buy any." -Funny Folks. 