Mr. Joseph Symes. " FREETHOUGHT " would not be poorer if its entire his- tory were destroyed. Its kaleidoscopic records are dark with memories of dishonour, recantings, and defeat, Many of its once enthusiastic champions have retired crestfallen from the fight, or have abjured the will-o'- the-wisp as death drew near. Freethought has been unfortunate in the choice of its leaders. Ignorance, conceit, and immorality have not been considered dis- qualifications; again and again have they set morals at defiance. Perhaps no better can be expected from those who recognise no moral code, but teach that "every man's morals are his own private affair." Fiercely as Freethinkers hate Christianity, they do not object to use its principles to make their own doctrines pass. The opinions of unprincipled wicked men cannot be taken as authoritative upon matters of morals or religion. Armed with knowledge, Christian character, and truth, Christians have no reason to fear that this parasite will suck the life from the church. That Freethought is a pitiable failure some of its best supporters admit, and we may safely predict its downfall when it employs such men as Sawkins, Durgess, and Symes. The existence of God Freethinkers deny, yet they lecture about the " wickedness of God," and " the adultery of the Holy Ghost." How the non-existent can have a character it is not easy to see. With a deftness and cunning worthy a good cause, Freethinkers generally manage to repudiate a fallen knight. Those who would cheer Mr. Sawkins to the echo as he shed his borrowed filth, would admit our criticism in the street; those who put forth Mr. Durgess to defend their cause disowned him when he fell. Will Mr. Symes have a similar fate ? We shall be mistaken if he does anything to advance truth or to refine character. A few years ago Mr. Symes was a Wesleyan minister, and he found no bed of roses there, Of one, it is said, he preferred to reign in holl to serve in heaven. Whether a disciple of the Watts or the Bradlaugh school, we are not sure ; it is ccrtain that Mr. Symes has neither the cunning of the one nor the education of the other. As we might have anticipated, the rapidity of his development has produced a unique. As a rule, the cultured scepticism of the present day is reverent, calin thoughtful, refined, respectful, and considerate in its treatment of contrary beliefs. The infidelity of Mr. Symes is blasphemous, vulgar, coarse, insolent to a degree not at all likely to be appreciated by the intelligence of the Colonies. Our readers may form their own opinions from the following extract from his lecture on Prayer :—" Provided it involved no shame, no sort of slavery, I should myself be delighted to meet with a decent, benevolent God who would find me in ' bread and raiment' and a few other necessaries of life; and I must say a God who cannot do that must be of little worth to anybody. And I advise you not to pray till you find such a one; and, when you have found him, do not selfishly keep him all to yourselves. There are millions, I verily believe, inquiring—most anxiously inquiring—after a God of that sort. This advertisement will substantially express their feelings :—' WANTED AT ONCE. A STRONG, RICH, GOOD-NATURED GOD. ONE THAT WILL GIVE FOOD, CLOTHES, SHELTER, GOOD HEALTH, AND LONG LIFE TO HIS WORSHIPPERS, IN RETURN FOR THEIR HEARTY THANKS, WORSHIP, AND SERVICE. N.B.—NO OTHER GOD NEED APPLY.— Address, GENUS HOMO, Earth, next door to Venus and Man, Solar System, Universe.' If such a God exists, that advertisement will fetch him. If there does not, then men ought never to pray, for it would be perfectly useless ; while a really good and omnipotent God would never wait to be prayed to." Dishonesty and perversion seem essential to the lower grades of Freethought. Diverse and disunited as are the parties of Watts and Bradlaugh generally, they are one in their caricatures of the doctrines of Christianity. Mr. Symes follows in the wake by writing a tract with the elegant title, " Who will be damned if Christianity be true ?" an insult to common sense, to say nothing of religion, a striking illustration of the words of Peter, " The dog is turned to his own vomit again, and the sow that was washed to to her wallowing in the mire." Since escaping the deadly poison of Methodist orthodoxy, Mr. Symes has made the astounding discovery that the Bible, which teaches men to love their neighbours as themselves, is the source and inspiration of persecution. " The Bible is the fount of persecution, and both the sincere fanatic (fit only for an asylum) and the hypocrite use it to justify their most atrocious deeds. I seo that some of the newspapers, acting according to their wont, blame Sir H. Tyler, though they try to defend his religion and the Bible! But remove his religion, and the very ground on which he stands disappears. Acts of Parliament authorise his cowardly deed; but what authorised the Acts of Parliament ? The Bible. Destroy the influence of that book, and you make persecution impossible. As long as fanatics and hypocrites can shelter themselves under Jehovah's commands, the supply of such vermin will be endless and their mischief immense. Destroy the popular superstition respecting the Bible, expose its barbarian god to universal contempt— then persecution will cease. It is this task we have set ourselves to perform ; and Tyler and Co. are doing their best to help us forward in it."—Freethinker, Aug. 6, 1882, p. 246. We should like the opportunity of asking Mr. Symes the question—As Freethinkers reject and hate the Bible, how is it that they so bitterly, violently, and persistently persecute each other ? Do Freethinkers accept the inspiration and guidance of the Bible ? The stock argument in support of the doctrine of Biblical persecution is the Extermination of the Canaanites. It is curious to read the following in a Freethought paper :—'" Christianise this stuff! (Criminals.) You have had eighteen centuries to do it. Secularise them!. Impossible. . . There is one cure—extermination! The same article suggests that criminals should be turned loose and allowed to fight until they killed each other, and the last living should have gin with something in it. Freethinkers certainly repudiate the Bible when it says, " Thou shalt do no murder." As a specimen of the invincible logic of Mr. Symes, we give his deliverance on the origin of the Sabbath. " It may not be amiss to mention the fact that the ancient Assyrians divided the month into four weeks, and that no kind of work was done on the 7th, the 14th, the 21st, and the 28th days. This, no doubt, is the origin of the Sabbath, though possibly it is much older than even the Assyrians." The common belief is that the Sabbath is older than the Assyrian Empire. If we believe history —that Ninus founded the Empire, then, remembering who Ninus was, we should have been surprised had the Sabbath not been known. But the amusing point is that while Mr. S. says, " this, no douht, is the origin of the Sabbath," he also says, " possibly it was much older than even the Assyrians." Here Mr. S. confounds the use of a thing with is origin, and hints that the Sabbath is older than its origin. A little exact knowledge of ancient history would give steadiness to the ex-Wesleyan's feet. PARLIAMENTARY.—Before these lines appear Parliament will propably be prorogued, and at an early date the duty of choosing a new Parliament will devolve upon the electors. As far as the Parliament is concerned, which is now dying or dead, something may be said both in praise and in blame. It is not to its crcdit in this enlightened age that it Bhould have imposed newspaper postage, and thus restricted the free circulation of news. It is to be hoped that the New Parliament will be wiser and will lose no time in removing this imposition. On the other hand, the expiring Parliament has refused, to repeal Nock's Act. It has carried a resolution approving of the amendment of the Law in the direction of Social Purity. It has passed the Intercolonial, the Primrose Springs, and the Pino Creek Railway Bills, and has agreed to hold an International Jubilee Exhibition in 1887. The Assembly also passed a Property and Income Tax Bill which the Council rejected. These are only a few of the important measures which the present Parliament, under the leadership of its present Ministry, has passed. It is also a fact unique in the history of Colonial Parliaments that one Ministry has held office during the whole term of its exi- stence. And now as far as the next Parliament is concerned it goes without saying that it will be what the people make it. It can scarcely be said that the last Parliament faithfully reflected the sentiment of the Country. This must have been owing to the negligence, or indifference of the electors. We shall have something more to say on this question later on, but in the meantime we would say that there are moral and social questions of the profoundest importance awaiting the solution of the next Parliament; and if our Country is to make true progress, the electors must see to it that men of sterling worth and probity are selected as their representatives. Neither fluency of speech nor the lavish expenditure of money should be allowed to atone for lack of character. THE PUBLIC HEALTH.—There is a good deal of interest felt just now on this question. There are a considerable number of persons suffering at present from typhoid fever, and other diseases of a similar character, and much speculation is being indulged in as to the cause or causes of this unsatisfactory state of things. Well, we have no doubt that the drainage has something to do with it; and the water supply has something to do with it; and the sewage farm has perhaps something to do with it, and perhaps not; and municipal carelessness without doubt has something to do with it; and once more, individual carelessness has a great deal to do with it. We are apt to look too much to Government, Corporations, and Boards of Health, and to neglect those personal precautions which are indispensable to health. The streets of Jerusalem are said to have been kept clean by every man sweeping before his own door. In like manner the public health might be kept good, if every man would take care of his own health. Physicians tell us that if every man were careful about what he ate and drank, and what kind of a house he lived in, their services would seldom be required. Houses, however humble, can at least be kept clean, and each householder with a little trouble might attend to his own drainage connexions, and where these do not exist might see that all refuse was removed or rendered innocuouB. In the matter of food, water iB the crucial point. It is almost impossible in this climate to preserve the contents of any tank or reservoir perfectly pure, therefore all water used for drinking should be either filtered or boiled. If due care were taken in these matters, typhoid fever would be of lesB frequent occurrence. The whole community, too, should constitute itself a kind of Vigilance Committee for the purpose of detecting and suppressing nuisances. Those citizens who return men to office pledged to perpetuate public nuisances are morally guilty of manslaughter, and deserve to waste with typhoid fever, or to choke with diphtheria. MEDICAL COMFOBTS.—It is customary to allow to patients in hospitals certain stimulants euphemistically styled medical comforts. In other words, those who are supposed to need them, are allowed the use of wines and spirits. These are certainly in their right place when used as medicines, and we presume they are called medical comforts because they are nicer to take and more comforting, when taken, than other medicines. We judge this because we have observed that many patients not in hospitals continue to take medical comforts long after other medicines not so nice have been discarded. Medical comforts, however, like all other earthly things, are sometimes disappointing in character, and delude the sick with the hope of a comfort which is never imparted. The authorities of the Melbourne Hospital recently took it into their heads to have the wines, spirits, and tea supplied to that Institution analjsed, with a view to testing their qualities, and lo ! these medical comforts turn out to be very uncomfortable medicines after all. Both the experts to whom they were submitted agree in their reports. The brandy, according to one, was badly flavoured alcohol mixed with sweetening syrup, while the other describes it as sickly, resinous, and lacking the aroma of good brandy. The whisky is said by one to be inferior spirit, and by the other to be acrid, raw, resinous, with mawkish aftertaste. The wine was sour, fermenting, had been doctored with magnesia and potash, and was dangerous to drink. The tea was poor and unfit for hospital purposes. The reports were adopted, which, we presume, means that purer articles will in future be served to the patients of the Melbourne Hospital. Might it not be well to look a little nearer home, and to examine into the quality of the medical comforts supplied to our own hospitals ? There is room in this matter for boundless trickery. It is broadly hinted that adulteration prevails largely in the manufacture of drink. Unless stimulants are pure, better not give them to the sick at all. The vile concoctions recently analysed in Melbourne would be much more likely to kill than to cure. PASTOB CHiNiQur.—On the 12th July we remitted to Pastor Chiniquy a further draft on London for £20 7s. Since Pastor Chiniquy's departure from South Australia, we have forwarded to him altogether the sum of £221 6s. 7d. He has sent us a number of copies of his little works entitled " Papal Idolatry," and " From Chicago to Australia." We 6hall send a copy of these pamphlets to all who send us £1 la. or upwards towards his mission to Roman Catholics. MOONTA CHARITABLE CASE.—We have received the following additional sums for this object:—I. R., £1; a Subscriber, 5s. Mr. W. P. Thomas desires us to acknowledge the receipt of 3s. worth postage stamps from some unknown friend in Adelaide, and Is. worth from Terowie. He also wishes us to express his thanks to those who have contributed towards his need since his last letter. 