THE EARTHQUAKE IN ENG- LAND. [Times, April 24.] The damage caused near Colchester by the earthquake on Tuesday is far greater than was supposed. The little parish of Abberton, situate about three miles from Colchester, bears witness in a considerable degree to the intensity of the shock which affected the surface of the country. Not only were chimneys thrown down in all directions, but houses were unroofed and gable walls cracked from top to base. The schoolhouse at Abberton is rendered useless, the roofs having been broken through by falling chimneys and by the displacement of a large portion of the tiles. Roman Hill, the residence of Mr. Hall, in the vicinity of Abberton, has been extensively damaged, the foundations being severely shaken. At Langen- hoe, a few miles further on, the most remarkable evidences of the shock are to be seen. Farmhouses are wrecked, or partially so, all along the high road, while Langenhoe Church, an ancient structure of stone, built in the Norman period, is shattered in a manner that would scarcely be credited except by personal ob- servation. The massive tower, surmounted by battlements constructed of great blocks of stone, was so shaken that the heavy masonry fell with destructive force on the roof above the nave and chancel, utterly de- stroying the roof for a space of 10ft. square, and filling the interior of the edifice with a mass of debris. The rector, the Rev. Mr. Parkinson, has also suffered severely in the partial demolition of his residence, situate about 200 yards from the church. There were half a dozen chimney stacks on the house, and these have all been overthrown or twisted on their foundations so as to necessitate their being removed. The walls have been cracked in every direction. Long fissures appear also in the grounds surrounding the house, particularly on the hand-rolled gravel walks. Mr. Parkinson says he felt the shock at 9·20 a.m., in a series of undulations, accompanied by a twisting motion. The shocks—for there were more than one—lasted for about half a minute, the length of time occupied by the shock being particularly noticed by Mr. Parkinson. Fortunately none of the inmates of the house suffered any palpable injury, although they were much terrified by the alarming movement. Several farm- houses in the vicinity of the rectory have suffered severely by being partially unroofed and by the gables falling out. Altogether the damage in this parish amounts te several thousand pounds. In a southerly direction from Langenhoe lies Peldon, a much larger parish, and the spectacle here presented to the traveller from the high road is of an extraordinary character. It is a literal fact that not a single dwelling or building of any description in Peldon has escaped injury in a greater or less degree. From the church on the hill down to the lowest cottier's dwelling, destruction has been wrought on every hand, the seismatic movement exert- ing itself in some cases in the displacement of masonry and brickwork in the most fantastic way. In the Blue Lion Inn at that place the glassware was for the most part thrown violently from the shelves to the ground, while in the bar-parlour the walls were cracked and ornaments bounded off the dresser to the floor. The church of Peldon itself, a fine structure of the 13th century, is rendered unfit for present use, the battle- ments of the Norman tower and the keep having been thrown to the ground or into the body of the building, breaking through the roof in their descent and smashing the pews beneath. The residence of Mr. Hol- land, a large house of modern construction, has been shattered from basement to roof, almost beyond repair. The walls and stair- cases have been torn asunder, and the outer walls cracked and split in all directions. It is a remarkable fact in regard to the effect of the shock at Peldon that a similar though slighter shock occurred exactly two months ago. On that occasion several of the residents of the district, including Mr. Holland, the owner of the house before named, were roused from their slumbers about half past 1 in the morning by a sub- terranean rumbling and an oscillation of the building. The damage to property in this district alone will amount to over £6,000. Some of the inhabitants have narrated their experience of the earth- quake, and each has mentioned the parti- cular " twisting " sensation of the shock. As illustrating the peculiarity of the wave in its effect on buildings, it may be noted that a house in Peldon was moved upon its foundation for a space of six inches, not laterally, but as if it had been taken and partially turned round. Mr. James Jackson writes to us from Wyvenhoehall :—" As the shock lasted at most six to seven seconds, it was impossible for any observations to extend beyond the immediate surroundings of the individual, and it is only by judicious dealing with a collection of these personal experiences, and a careful inspection of the damage done, that any reliable estimate of the intensity of the earthquake can be formed. My experience was briefly as follows :—I was standing alone in a ground floor room reading my letters about 20min. past 9 a.m.; suddenly, with- out being previously aware of any rocking or rumbling sensation, there was a noise as of falling brickwork. I at once came to the conclusion that a semi-detached chimney at the back of the room had fallen ; the din increased and became deafening, and the accompanying rolling motion of an earthquake was easily recognisable. No warning symptoms of earthquake occurred ; there was bright sunshine at the time, with a clear sky overhead, and there was no abnormal behaviour of the barometer. The shock was not preceded by any smaller premonitory shake, nor was there any subsequent movement after the single shock. Further, no subsidence of water in the ponds could be detected after the event. From the fact that the pendulums of clocks swinging north and south were stopped, while those east and west continued going it would seem that the wave of earthquake moved somewhat in the latter line, though this theory is scarcely borne out by the action of the shock on buildings, and it is probable that the true line of motion was west-south-west and east-north-east. I may mention that three weeks ago about the same hour I noticed what I believed to be a slight earthquake ; it was not sufficiently pronounced for me to be certain, though I stated the fact to others at the time." A resident in Lambert-road, Brixton Rise, writes :—I was in bed desiring to get to sleep again when I felt a distinct vibration which I thought must be due to a traction engine passing the end of the street with an unusually heavy load, but I remarked that I had never before known the house to shake from that cause, and I was somewhat disconcerted by the supposition that it could be so affected. I have now no doubt that the vibration was not due to any passing traffic in the main road. Mr. Deykin, the superintendent who was on the Victoria Tower on Tuesday morning at the time of the earthquake, and who has been for 10 years engaged in all the repairs to the pinnacles, towers, and spires of West- minster Palace, reports that, according to his calculation, the tower rocked 4in. out of the perpendicular. Mr. John Loder writes from Woddbridge : —A distinct shock of earthquake was ob- served here by several persons. My son, who has been in Java and other parts of the East and felt earthquakes there, noticed it at once, saying what it was, and noting the time—27 minutes past 9 a.m. Our Boulogne correspondent states that a few persons in different quarters of the town recollect that at 9·30 yesterday morning (French time) they experienced some slight shocks. To the Editor of The Times. Sir,-Your readers will be interested to learn that yesterday's earthquake was well recorded by our magnetographs, although I have not heard of any one in this vicinity having experienced the shock. It was registered at 9h. 17·18min. a.m., Greenwich mean time, and from the fact that the dis- turbance of the horizontal magnetic force in- strument was affected to the greatest extent, we infer that the terrestrial movement was north and south rather than east and west. —Yours faithfully, G. M. WHIPPLE, B.Sc, F.R.A.S., For. Sec. Royal Meteorological Society. Kew Observatory, Richmond, Surrey, April 23 To the Editor of The Times. Sir,—Thinking that an individual expe- rience of yesterday's earthquake may not be uninteresting to your readers, I write to say that yesterday morning, at 20 minutes past 9, I was sitting at the writing table in the hall of my house, which is about 12 miles from Colchester, on the London side of that town. Suddenly there came a noise which I can only compare to the rumbling of the Underground Railway, combined with the rushing sound of a strong wind, and passing, so far as I could judge, from east to west. At the same moment the whole house was violently shaken, and every bell was set ringing. The strong and compact oak floor of the hall trembled beneath my feet like the deck of a ship in a gale of wind ; and some marble columns with busts on the top of them rocked to such an extent that I thought the busts must have fallen. I afterwards found that one of the columns had been displaced nearly an inch from its original position. My coach- man, who was washing a brougham in the stable yard close by, states that feeling the ground tremble under his feet, and hearing the glass roof of the conservatory rattle, he looked up at the house, which ap- peared to him to be rocking to and fro. Thinking he was seized with giddiness, he caught hold of the carriage wheel for sup- port, and found that the brougham was also oscillating. Only one clock out of several going in the house, one on the principal staircase, was stopped, at exactly 20 minutes past 9. My impression at the time was that the shock must have lasted about 10 seconds, but looking at the very small amount of actual damage done, compared to that of which accounts have been received from Col- chester and the immediate neighbourhood, it may possibly have been of less duration. What the consequences would have been had it lasted a few seconds longer I tremble to think. As it was, it was quite sufficient to cause very great alarm to every inmate of the house. The horses, too, in the stables were much frightened, and reared and plunged violently. It is strange, however, to me that with a shock of such apparent strength so small an amount of damage should have been done. There is a quantity of china on the mantelpieces and against the walls in different parts of the house, not a piece of which was displaced, nor, with the excep- tion of a crack in a bedroom ceiling, and a slight fall of plaster from the drawing-room ceiling and on the staircase, could we find any after sign of what had happened. I may add that almost immediately after the shock I telegraphed for an architect of great experience, Mr. Chancellor, of Chelmsford, who came over in the afternoon, and satis- lied himself by careful inspection that the mischief was confined to that of which we had thus seen the outward and visible sign. I have had no previous experience of earth- quakes, and most sincerely trust I may never be destined to renew that of yester- day. Meanwhile I cannot feel too thank- ful that my house and all belonging to it have escaped so easily. I remain, sir, yours faithfully, CHARLES DU CANE. Braxted-park, Witham, Essex, April 23. [Standard, April 23.] As early as the year 974 there is a note of such an occurrence, and in 1101 William of Malmesbury tells us that all England was terrified " with a horrid spectacle, for the buildings were lifted up and then again settled as before." Thirty-two years later many houses were overthrown and flames issued from rifts in the earth, and in 1185, according to Holinshed, there " chanced a sore earthquake throughout all parts of this land, such a one as the like had not been heard of in England since the beginning of the world, for stones that lay couched fast in the earth were removed out of their places, houses were overthrown, and the great Church of Lincoln rent from the top down- ward." On September 12, 1275, St. Michael's Church, in Glastonbury, was destroyed by an earthquake, and in 1361, in the Metrical Chronicle of John Harding, we read that a similar visitation " greatly gan the people all affraye, so dreadful was it then and perilous." Indeed, there is scarcely a de- cade during which one of these shocks did not terrify the nation, some so severely that Queen Elizabeth caused a special form of " Earthquake prayer" to be issued. It is even affirmed, though the statement lacks confirmation, that in the fifteenth century Lyme Regis was nearly destroyed, and it is certain that London escaped no better than the rest of the Kingdom. On Easter Mon- day, 1580, the great bell at Westminster and the bells of the various churches were set jangling, the people rushed out of the theatres in consternation, and the Templars, leaving their supper, ran out of the hall with their knives in their hands. Part of the Temple Church was cast down, stones fell from St. Paul's and two apprentices, were killed at Christ Church. On Sep- tember 8, 1692, the merchants were driven from 'Change, and the streets filled with a panic- stricken crowd of swooning, or won- dering people. In 1750, as the readers of Horace Walpole's gossip will remember, there were so many shocks that White's was kept busy betting on the events, Grub- street inditing pamphlets regarding them, and quacks selling pills "good against the Earthquake." A crazy Life Guardsman having predicted a disastrous one on April 8, thousands of all ranks passed the night in Hyde Park. " Earthquake gowns," that is, warm robes to wear while sitting out of doors, being in great, request with the women, who whilrd away the time with the aid of cards and candles. "What would you think," writes Horace Walpole to Sir Horace Mann, " of Lady Catherine Pelham, Lady Frances Arundel, and Lady Galway, who go this evening to an inn 10 miles out of town, where they are to play brag till 4 o'clock in the morning, and then come back, I suppose, to look for the bones of their husbands and families under the rubbish." Others went to Kensington, or, Hounslow, or Windsor, imbued with the same idea as the old Duchess of Bolton, who, on Whiston's prophesying the approaching destruction of the world,"resolved to be off to China to escape to so inconvenient an accident. Five years late the Lisbon Earthquake agitated the waters of the fishpond at Peerless Pool, in the City Road, and as late as 1852, 1859, 1860, 1863,1868, and 1871 various local shocks have been recorded ; indeed, only last year a slight tremor was felt in the southern counties. It is, therefore, clear that the idea of England being proof against earthquakes is quite un- founded. Moreover, we still know so little of the causes of these terrible phenomena— the theories being many and contradictory— or of the laws regulating them, that it would be rash to prophesy much on the subject. Though we have every right to hope for the best, trustful in our long immunity from the worst effects of the earthquake shocks : any- thing like absolute confidence would not be justified by our experience of the past. [Daily Chronicle, April 23.] After what has recently occurred through the diabolical agency of "'Invincibles," it is not to be wondered at that many persons should at first have imagined that another dastardly attempt had been made to destroy life and property with the assistance of dynamite. They were soon made aware, however, that a natural agency more to be dreaded than any which human ingenuity has yet brought under control had been giv- ing a hint of its existence. Science is humbled in presence of any manifestation of the forces by which Nature occasionally up- heaves mountains and casts them into the midst of the sea. Were she to bring these forces into play in this quarter of the world with such terrible effect as that recently ex- perienced in the island of Java, the conse- quences would be such as it is not desirable to think about. [Daily News, April 23.] There is a story of a learned professor in Oxford who was one day addressing his pupils when an explosion was heard. " Gen- tlemen," he observed in passing, "I always said that Brodie would end by blowing up the Museum." The Fenians have always said that they would eventually blow up something in England, and when the shock of the earthquake was felt yesterday, people in the country thought the Fenians had been as good as their word. Where the shocks were severe, as in Colchester and Ipswich, some persons attributed them to successful dynamite in London, thereby showing a miraculous power of belief in the resources of science. At Colchester the trouble began (as when the ghost ap- peared in court in the Irish story) with a '" deep rumbling noise," Houses shook, and the tall spire of the Congregational church was brought to the ground. The damage done in other ways is said to be very considerable, amounting to several thousands of pounds. We may perhaps hope that immediately after the first alarm the losses were exag- gerated. At the very least England has not for many yeare sustained so severe a shock, nor seen women rushing with screams out of their houses into the streets. Such specta- cles are said to be common enough in San Francisco, and Mr. Bret Harte has described very graphically the peculiarly sickening effect of a man's first earthquake. The San Francisco story is well known of the clergyman who was preaching when an earthquake shook the church. " My brethren," he said, holding up his hand solemnly, as the second shock made the pulpit totter, " let us die here, there is no better place ;" " but outside is good enough," he added rather hastily, when the third shock arrived, and he hastened to join his congregation in the streets. So demoralising is the effect of earthquake, the manifestation of a power concerning which man knows very little, and which, so far, he cannot master or direct in any degree. "The Celts are not even afraid of earthquakes," said Aristotle, and we gather that the nerve of the des- cendants of the Celts who dabble in dyna- mite is a degenerate fibre. But if the old Celts were not afraid of earthquakes, they had this peculiar courage all to themselves. A LADY'S WISH.—"Oh, how I do wish my skin was as clear and soft as yours !" said a lady to a friend. " You can easily make it so," answered the friend. " How?" inquired the first lady. "By using Hop Bitters, that makes pure rich blood and blooming health. It did for me, as you observe." Read. 