MINING NOTES, 'BALLARAT. (.rnou our awn coRRisroimssrs. l All tho time since my last has been as a deid time in the share market. Nominally the market- was closed only for two or three days,, but ac- tually it has been never open in a' business sens- lor the dcauiy.Uvely aspect of the Cotter and the beggarly array of transactions showed thatouly the ghost of the market haunted tho place. A good many of the brokers tiiko out the whole Cup week in Melbourne, and it is a rather general feeling bcro that the Corner might just as well fcU-Pcnii all bnsincm lor u suliii %vci;k -it tho iftoo period, zs that in about what it come, to, what- over noujiual <-r. '.Jeuicnts arc olsewUo made, 'ibis state of dulcet, .ocms now chronic. Hardly freinenter of tho Comer expect, lo ceo any chance now of much consequent: this tide of the Lew lear's holidays; and unless some unlocked for stroke of luck happens, it is like'y that the coming b.tcu er eight weeks will he like toe 'ar'. seren or eight. There is no doaht in my mind that & part of the dnlt ess is dee totr.« V ; . vious endue iniiauon of stocks, —bote values have o:ten tie dared to be too high in the market, but mora rational rates prevail now, aod there it hardly a stock that cut new be said to be quoted audvil tftU|.moss«ifctfitifiuxepecTilitiro or Investing vniue Tho ellavi&l; stocks of the Cros- wlvk tide are >uudo dull qIso by other causos. There Ls tho Mudame Berry, hampered with a drift, in tho No. 2 shaft, and n threat of law by AV.nip.ou and Richards for infringing theic patent; but a? there is a probability of this dis pute l-t.ng arranged between tiu parties, it is not dc-ir.ku.r; to discuss that matter now. Tlio mico cuntinuc-a to >:eM sptanditUy, end it is hold to bo l>oviib e to work it all out through tbo No, 1 but that the No. 2 will bo the cheaper pro- to?:-, all thiols considered. Tho J?crry Consols -inking so far U?sgono on with fair spcod ; and if tbo calculations of tho manager aud dira.ffo.'S as to tbo certainty of avoid- uq.;o oi tho drift are all right, tho bot; oaring may to looked for within the osti- r.iuic.i period, but ii is too early yet to know how it will realty be'&s; to the drift. Tbeso u -ubtH, tho delay in the Lord Harry mine, the posr rolurns from so many of tho producing claims, tho heavy work aud slow progress in the progressive ones, nod the monthly recurrence of so b«avy a bill of calls, all help to roprcss specu lation and keep the share market inactive. Tho Miulamb' Berry made 7s. dividend and tho lK>nghlin ls. Ud. in addition to the handsome total Z tnudo up in uiy lnsr, bnt all these dividends and tho large gold output which thoy reflect caunot avail against tbo Btcrn facts' that enter into an io»'Ury into the cost of tho gold alrwidy won, and lb- possible outlay yet to bo m&do; before even the leading progreseivo mines are on gold. In the mcaati ms the crack stocks are steady, u they have, so mo of them, little or no business. Madame Berry do not sail, though buvera last week advanced from £16 to £16 10s. Lone Hand keop3 np a monotonous run of gold getting, and there! s no telne eh an try report. Tbestoc: bos had business from £j U-teto£6 with tbo OivilcnO, and at £7 £7 5s. »M. with tbe vtivulend off. Loughlin's show below ia not encouraging, tbe explorations recently not ro- aching in much gold, aod the eastern workings aro about played out. The stock has sold from 20«. OX to 19s. P'.L, and has buyers at 19s. Ud., with, fiblder? inainclined to quit. Lord Harry is kept weak by it? wator troubles, but ha? not gone below 48?., and bu3 firmed to sales at 49s., buyers row The water has eased down to nine Atrqkcs, and is clear of sand. "Vvhat Is more noticeable is that at No. 4 rise, where it had the Biroagost flow, it has fallen most, so tbat the in ference i? that it? b:«ck is broken. Application has been ffiado by the company to the Madame Berry, Berry Consols, Earl Beaconsticld and Hopburti Estate for assistance iu bailing, aud a conference of representative? of tbo several companies is to bo held at Craig'e Hotel on Wednesday. Tho equity of the Lord Harry Companys cUi m to help is obvious, and 1 apprehend that the pro posal of tbe other companies to hold a conference is a recognition of so much, and that tho con- iercnc" i9 to decide tbe ti?rm9 of assistance. Tho Madame Berry is perhaps tho least affected in the mutter, but it can well uiford to come into tbo conference, and lend a hand in helping to clear the way for tbo Lord Harry, for success there menus' success— operative success, I mean —all along the line, of low levels' about there. Y»e$: Kiatori keeps steady in output and in the market. Hepburn stocks are a little weaker, tor m tho progressive companies tho work is heavy and dra<3, and in the golden ones the output is not urcat. On tho Australasian lino the North Australasian' is improving its yield, and the re sult is a firming in tho market : sales from 29s. 3d. toofis. 6d. during tbe last few days, showing- the better aspect of affair. Australasian ha? sold &t; 57s. ffd., f»7s. 9d., ard .Extended at 12?. Gd. to 12s.; Davies's, 13. to 20a, 19s. This latter slight firming is owing partly to the reduction of the water by the coalition of tbe company with the for fhat purpose, and to the promise in Bell's Paddock, where a 10 or. nugget from the face, anu a 10 o/. siaicing from one machine, c-r£ Vr-H "hieinrd dnring the week. Away in the south-west of the district, the Golden Belt has sluiced three machines for 111 or., which show that the we:-t is not yet fairly opened up, and tfiuC ivhul is rfjoh«d 5® rather poor, . A con tract for SO'.) feet, of main urn-rag nua been let, which is to go under tho deepest ground in a south west direction. The cast drive is still in hard country, but has been extended 31 feet Ur tbo week. Tho diamond drill ia not yet at wori;, but is to start in & day or two. The Belt Ex tended has put through some mnilock and head ings to fill tho bottoms of the new puddler.s. and or. of gold were obtained, and now regular puddling of wasbdirt will go on. Wash is otlll at the back of the main south-ea&t; drive, which has been driven 31' feet fcr the week, aud a rise has been put up and cross drive? rtarted cest und wet. There ia nothing new of momentin quartz mining, but it ia a comfort to be able to report that the Band and Albion is still in good stone, tho output for the week showing over nn ounce aver age, namely, 400 07. 4 dwt. from 400 tons, plus 10 ote-troiu pyrites, aud 14 or. odd from tho No, 2 trilmtexs. At the No. 10 level, the lowest, the stono keeps a good width, and is of even rich- cess, not patchy, and the wime connecting tho No. 9 and No. 10 is iu good country, A good doal of crosscutting is being done, and all the stopes look well. The Koliinoor has tbe No. 8 chamber finished, and tho shft Ls centred und skidded to the chamber, and the cages will now work to that level and expedite operations. The m-.itfc ta.ncw down 825 feet, and further sinking wit! bo resumed to-day. Band aud Barton isdriviog in bard country north and south at Iho No. 7 level, and the winze i? down 42 feet in a 3 feet lodo. In the north drive the stone carries a little gold, and the rise having reached the intermediate level two now faces willnow be opened. The Sir H. Loch Company has its plant nearly ready for » start. , Scrgetmt: is in fair stono. Owoti is do ing nothing, nor likely to do anything at present. All tho stock iv. forfeited save what is owned by Mr. Rowlands, who is away in Europo, and is, in fact, the sole owner of'plant and mine at present. Star of tbe Ea&t; is waiting upon the future, and Zulu is in a similar case. In Ballarnt East there is nothing new of importance. The Egerton yield (131 oz.) is low, and the stock reflects the fact in sollera at ISs.Cd., and no declared buyers. Black Horse bus had u better fortnight, the oitpnt being 111 oz. 13 dwt. This is not enough to pny, bnt it is mostly tribute work, ?o that tbe company's main outlay just now is for prospecting, which is done under bank advances, it is hardly neces sary to say that the stock is ont of tho market ut preseut. The Bunintong Estate Company's stock has bad no- business lately, and holders havo given wa,v from f»0s. to 4.??. during the week. At tbo 550 feet level tho south drivo nas been driven 21 feet for tho week on tho cot. -o of tho Desoza lode, which shows goU occasionally, and tho winze from tbe level above lias toon stink 8 feet in solid stone, which requires blasting This stono shows gold freely, and crushing is going on now as usual. Work in the Bnniuyong United has been going on with good progress, and afresh contract has just been let for emending tho we%t crosscut at the $3 feot levol and for opening out and driving ea?t at thelhO feet level. At Clunes, the Bute is keeping a moderately good output, and the stock luis buyers at 20s., but no busi ness Latelj. Tho New North yield for the fort night is 144 oz. 4 dwt. from 265 tons, whicb thus Ghows a.mnratennnce of over I oz. average, which is satisfactory, and will enablo the company to pay its usual 5?., if tbe stone does not give out. bbaft deepening is goiug on at tbe centre abaft, and in good sinking coantry. Holders offer to quit at £10 10s., but there has been no business in tho stock for ?ome time. There wus a alight Improvement in the market to-day. An upward tendency was observable in tho Australasian group. Australasian sold up to Od. ; North Australasian, 36?. : and Aus tralasian Extended, 14s. Band and Albion were Dot in good -request, but sales were effected at S-Ss. Lord Harry wore stronger. Bistort West fetched 101s. The. following are this day's sales and quota tions Austratatir.a, buyers 5S. Australasian Consols, tellers 09s., Bates 58s. 3d., 58s. 6d. Australasian Ux- tainted, buytre 14?., seller lis. fid., sales 14s. Band aod Albion Consols, buyers S7«., sellers 90s., Bales S3. Berry Consols, buyers u3f». Berry No. 2, buyers 24s. Black Homo United, sellers 49. Bute and Downes. buyer 20a CiL, sellers 22a. Bunin- yocg Estate, fellers 43s. Davie0" Freehold Junc tion, buyers 19s., seller 20a., sales 20?., ins. aa<;ie- hawk Alliance, buyer H, Sd. F.uerto», sellers 79s. Cd. Exhibition No. 7, buvers 3s., sellers 4. GJadstoue, buvers oa. Cd., sellers 7. Golden Stream, buyer 78s. Hepburn CouM?, buyers 25., sellers 29s. Hepburn Etftate Leasehold, buvcr? 7?; Cd. Hep burn Home Paddcck, sellers Cs. Hcpburu No. 7, buyer "s., sellers 7s. 6d. Lady llepuurn, buyer 5f., seller 6s. td., sales 5s. 6X to fij. Pd. JLock' Qnarlz, eollers 9l, tales So. tome Hand, buyers 7\. , seders £7 17. Lord Harry, buyers 49s., sel ler 51s., sales 4r<?. 6d., 5C. LoughUu, buyers 19c. ud., seller 20. ««L Madame Berrv, buyers £10 Os., tx dir. Maxwell, sellers 25s. Cd Nopler Freehold, buyers 4s. lid., seller 6s. New Golden Belt, tellers 13. New Row Men?, buyers 19s., seller 203. North Australasian' buyers 80?., osilers 38s., rale 35?., 25e. 6d., 80a. North Band and Bwion, buyers 4?. 3d., sellers fis. CJ. Purkerte United, tellers 6s. RIstori West, buyers 199s., seller 1023., wlcs 101s. . Secant' FreehoH. buyer? Ss. 7cL Suliemaa Pasha, buyers lv 10d., s oilers 2. Cd. Union, Ambers:, buyers 5., seller 5s. 6d., sales 5&., 8d5s. 6d. Yields.— Week : Ararat Grand Junction, 19 oz, 1 dwte; Beirs Freehold, 43 or. S dm.; Band of Hope aod Albion, 410 or. 4 dwte; Band of Hope and Albkm No. 2 (tributera), 14 or. 7 dwt. C gr.; Bute and Downes, 106 oz, 3 dwt.; Davies's Jutietlon, 40 or.; Duke Consols No. 1 Tribute, 73 or. 13 dwte 12 gr.; Duke, 25 ot, 10 dwt.; Duke (tribute?), 30 cz.; Egertoo, 1S1 or.; Hobtrt Pasha. 46 nr.; Hepburn Rocky Lead, fO ot.; Lone Hand, 709 02.: Lotighlin, 133 or. 14 dwb; Ma- dame Berry, CTOoz. 18 dwt.; New Victoria, CO or. 13 dwt.; New Australasian, 237 oz. 4 dwte; New Konc Meng, 204 oz. 2 dwte; New Kntig Meug Tribute, 19 or. 9 dwt.; North Australasian, CI or. 6 dwt.; l'lsraa. 7 cr 15 dwt.; RlBtori West, 36S ov. 1 dwte; Itoysl Saxon, 110 or. S dwt.; Reform, 122 or. 6 dwt.; South Greenock; 83 oz. 6 dwte 13 gr.; smeaton 25 or S dwte: South Victoria, 26 oz.; Trunk Lead, 54 02. 6 dwt.; Waterloo, 29 or, 18 dm; Yan- dolt Grand Junction, 42 or. Fortnight: Britannia. 6 oc. U dwte; Black Horse United, 15 0Z4 Black Horse United (tributera), 90 oz. 13 dwte; Golden Stream, ISO or. 1 dwte; Golden Stream (tribu tera), 4 02.; Littlo Wonder, Newton, 84 02.- New North Clunes, SIO tons, 144 or. 4 dwt.' North Woah Hawp, 159 nr, 3 dwt.: New Bendigo, 40 on, 13 dwte New Bendieo (tribotcnL G cr. 11 dwt; South Clunes, 191 oz. 14 dwt. ; YorksWre. 1 or. Miscellaneous; Lock's, 120 ton, 18 os. 1 dwte Maedata, 67 Vons. Son 9 dwt. 18 gr.; New Golden Belt, three machines, 11 02. 10 dwt.; Yandol Free hold, one machine, 12 oz. Tbe dividends tor the week are Royal Saxon Is. parable 11th November, £000: total for we"k ftOWX SANDHURST. Mining matters in tbi3 -district h»v« been wreicbedly.dnll during the week, and there ap pears very little prosper of any improvement thia aide n£ 7he new year. Large numbers of oir pro- minent brokers and Bpeculatora have been con spicuous by their absence, end tho attendance on vChango has been very meagre. Any business attempted has been confined ta.-a.fow favarito slocks, but the transactions even ia these have been unimportant. Tho news from tbo mines is just sufficiently favorable to keop tho best stocks tolerably firm, but no feature of special interest has occutrcd. The geld yields, even for tho " off week," are only moderate, aud dividends are re presented by a singlo mine which uistribatos £760. Tbo south end of tho New Chum line continues to maintain its reputation for good yields, aud judging by present appear&uccs; will coatinuo to do so. Eureka Extended obtained 210 oz. amal gam with four batteries, which is a grci-t im provement on tho corresponding work of previous fortnight ; thoy declared a 6d. dividend. New Chum Railway has also a grand return of 6S0 Oz, amalgam, boingtho best yet obtuinod by thcra in any week since the present shoot of gold was discovered. Shenandoah xnd North Shenandoah are ratlier backward. The 1312 feet crosscut is in 1-12 feet, with tho faccinhardsandstone, Tho nor h levol on westle is extended 15 foot, and sooth level 6 feet, bnt no quartz' haa been hroken 1 as they want to get the levels abend, out of tbe way of the crosscut. Shamrock shaft down 1137 feet. Now Chum Consolidated ut 660 feet level found 12 to 15) inches of quart:, showing a Utile gold on the east back, New Cham United shale is down 7.27S feet. In tbe 1100 feet crosscut they bare slate and. flat spun, and the level and stopes at 000 and lC2i> toot show fair gold : amalgam, of 290 02. is good. OhLChuw ha9 stopped wor/c in tho mine whilo tbe old poppet he&ds; are be, ing removol and the ropes connected with the new erection. They will be delayed a fortnight, with tbi: «cV, .ra i have in the meantime L07.rU fiaisned tho plat at 1400 feot. New Chum a'nd Victoria doss not re port any amalgam this week. North (Ud Chum crushed 266 loads for 7.09 oz. amalgam, which retorted 105 os, 16 d.'«vt. jv>ld. Lnnsell's ISO claim repots 141 02. 10 dwt, from 309 tons. Hercules und Energetic has 2S4 oz., including 69 oz. pyrites. Pearl. Company's shait down 789 feet in hard sandstone. At 730 feet a level south ha? been driven 0 feet and winze sank f> feet : some of f the leaders shav,- very coarse gold. PearV Tribute shaft down 405 feot. Great Extended Victoria shaft down 650 feol ia slato aud small ve/.ns of quartz. Dnko of Edin burgh shrfft dov.n 575 feet. New Mungo obtaiued 118 07 of amalgam from 122 tons. At 703 feet tho 'west crosscut has eat into a hard bar of sandstone, which wii! probably prove to bo the eastern hack of the Devonshire Reef. United l>ovonshire has tbe fine return of 500 oz, amalgam from 220 toils, und if thoy havo auything near that amount next week thoy should be able toideclare a 1?. dividend. Erin- cess Alcxandra-cum-Extenusd Et. Mango is cross- cutting west at 750 feet aud driving south lovol at 590 feet. In tho- Extended St. Mungo tbo winze from 470 feot level i? down 23 feot, and they have the gooiyicld of 133 oz. 4 dwt. from 3S0 tons. Phrcnixyielci Is again very poor, but they expect to be crushing better quartz fror? tl? smith level at. 490 feet shortly. Unicorn Tribute has 74 oz. 7 dwte, including 55 02. pyrites, from 96 tons. A meeting of shareholders has called to authorise the surrender of the re mainder of tbe t$riu (ubont threo mouths) to the p-ircnt company for £650, whicb, with a balance of £400 or £500 in hand, would enable them to declare a final dividend of ls. per share. South St. Mango ha? 415 oz. amalgam, which was scarcely so go&d; as expected. The various workings in quartz show payable gold. Lady BurkSy baa tho good yitld of 375 oz., including 51 oz. 32 dwt. pyrit03, frotn 500 ton?. St. Mungo Company has the excellent return of 211 oz. amalgam from tboripptos, and sbould have u dividend next Saturday. Sodowa also should be able to declare a divi dend at tho same time : this week's amalgam of 1S3 oz. is an improvement, Eller. borough has 80 oz. 14 dwte, including 29 e. pyrites from 232 ten?. Beliuont and Saxby re ports 336 oz. amalgam from 2;% t-na. Catherine united in atoping some stono at (he toe: level from winch winze have &een; payable goid ; thoy ere raking oat a crushing. Virginia has tho good yield of 78 oz. 35 dwr. from 140 tons : their prospects on the reef above 015 feet levol are sound, and likely to cause soiuq stir in that locality. Garden Gully ventures are very dnll. London derry shaft dowu i37u feet without change. Garden Gully United ha? the wretchedly poor return 01 320 oz. amalgam. Rose 0: Denm-irk has 123 oz. amalgam from 125 ton. North lloso of Denmark has secured the right to mine on a block 01 land south, which lies in u favor able position io catch the Rose of Denmark spur.?. Specimen Hill United has tho excellent return oc 106 oz. o dwt. from 76 tons. # No nev»3 stirring on the Hustler's line. Sebas tian claims contribute moderate yields : Bruhn's Freehold has 245 oz. from 684 tons : Frederick tbe Grent 94 oz. from 279 ton9, and No, 2D Tri bute 135 or. 5 dwt. from 346 tou3. Tho following aro the week's sale? -Cathe rine Reef United, 7s. 9d., 7?. 10d,; Kureka Ex tended, 32e., 11?. Od.; Extended St. Mungo, 7s.; Lazarus Company, 7s. fid. ; New Clram Railway, 31\. 3d., 15s. 2d.: New Chum and Victoria, 30s. fid.; Rose of Denmark, 5s., 5a. 36,; South Sr. Mango, 25s. 9d., 26s. Tho only business transacted on Saturday was jn Extended St. Mango at 7a. and New Chum Railway at- 15?. 2d. The market generally is much depressed. T be following are sales and quotations Alevander th Great, barer 6. fid., sailers 7a. ielwoiit and Saxby, buyer IU?., sellers IS. Britt'j Freehold, buyers :>y,, seller los. 3d. Cathe rine P.eef United, buvers 7a. Od;. sailers 10s. Dixon's Tribute/ buyer fid., seller fid., saIm 4jd„ 5d. Extended iste Mungo. buyer C?. 9d., eellera 7?. Id., sale 7f. Eureka Expended, buyer 11. fij., tollers 12a. Goldeo Ace, Layers Is., sellera Is. fii. North Aeodia Gatiterhte, buyers fa. lid., seller 2s. Id. New Chum RttllWRy, buyera 14b. 9J., eellera I5v. CJ., tale? l£i. 3d. North Shenandoah, buyora S?,, bui- lor9 10b. New St. Munjjo, buvera 12?., seller 1-Jb. Od. Princes Alexandria, buyers 3. 74d., seller 4?. Id. Boso of Dorraiarfc, buyer? fa. 3d., o-IIers C«, South St. Mungo, buyorfl 25s. 3d., seller 25s. Pd. Sham rock, baser 4. 3d., sellera 5?. Snob' 13IU Company, buyer 3z 44., aeUora Sa 9d, Uniicd Devonshire Company, buyer lbs., sellers 21?. United Johnson's, buyer la Gd„ seller ts. <y. Unicorn Tribute, bnvers iOd., sellers fa. lit Yields.— Priratu claim?, 400 oz.; Lady Darkly, -7C oz.; Htroulc? and Fmergetic, 284 oz.; Brubri' Freehold, 2t5o.: Extended St, Mungo, 1S3 oz. 4dm.; LanMir 180 Claim, 111 oz, 10 dwt.; Number 20 Tri bute, 135 ot 5dv;t.;Spvdmou Hill United, 100 t", S dwt.-. Noith Old Chum, 105 oz. 10 dwu: Ellen- boroayh and tributera. 105 oz. 2 dwt.; Frederick tho Great. 94 oz. 10 dwte; Watson's Kentish 92 oz. 13 dwt.: Unicorn Tribute, 74 or. 7 dwte; Virginia, 73 oz. ID uwt.; Johnson' Reef Extended, 71 or.; Prtaees-, Da-.xar tributar?, 62 oz. S dwte: Pnr 49 oz.5 dwt.; Loynl English, 27 nz.: Victoria Quartz, 20 oz. 13 Uwt.; Cornish United, 19 oz. 37 dwte; Eastwood, 15 oz, 19 dwt.; Williams United, If 1- dwt.: La Belle, 11 oz. 12 dwt.; Colltnann and jYacchl Tribute, 10 oz. 10 uwt.; Great Southern Tributer>', 9 oz, ID dwt.; Empire Atnalganiated, S 02. 32 dwt; Unity, S or, 3 dwt.; Union, Kiuowor, 6 oz. 8 dwt. JUnalsatn : New Chum Railway, DsO nz.; United Devonshire, COO oz.: South St. Mungo. 415 oz.; Belmont and S.ixbv, 330 or. New Chum United, 200 oz,; F.ureka Extended, 241 oz.; St. Mungo, 211 oz.\ Sadowa, 1S3 nz.; Rnae of Denmark, 123 or.; Garden Gully United, 120 oz.: Now SkMunto, 118 OZ.; CravtUP, 40 ox.; Garitmldi. 20| nz. Divideud.— Eurtka Exteuded, Od. per SO.OflotL. £750. MALMSBUKY. Tlie Qucon? Birthday has kept pretty steadily at work, and has again rewarded it shareholders with tho good substantial yield of 573 oz- 5 dwt. of retorted gold, being above tbe average. At the expiration of anoiber ton days or fortnight a stoppage for a few days will havo to l mado, chiofiy for tho. purpose of making the connections with tbe machinery just erec'r! aud that at present Work ing, when fuivantagevill ulo bo taken to clean out the dam, also the boiler, qnd make an overhaul of the machinery genonlly, after which it may be said a fro3h start on anew le- ise will be begun. And with reference to thonew machinery just erected it should bo observed th&t; the whole cost thereof b»is lieeu taken from tbo reserve fund, without a call for this or any other portion on tho ground being mado upon the capital of the company, wbtoh remains wholly naeupended as on tfio first day ot its incorporation. Noting these various facta, it is somen uat surprising that tho market value of its shares b decreasing, and that they hi-.ve still a downward tendency. The work performed by the Egyptian in abont tbe same spaco of time does not give anything like the same return, its yield for about ten days' w&rk; being only 81 oz. In dwt. of retorted gold. The stone crushed was principally taken fnta the 200 feet level, where a pinch in the red ha? evidently taken place, the atone being in almost wedge form, a few inches thick only at the point, and widening out to 2 feet at the lower tnd. In tho 270 feet level tbe reef was struck ca Friday upon a good looking etone of same character as tbat in toucan's Biriliday ; ia broking through co gold was seen. Tbo new sbaft b progressing, having been Blink about 20 feet fcrthe week, and is now down about ISO feet. The next regular gold pro ducing miue will be tbe Aroona, & portion, 10 heads, of it new battery hiving been working since Wednesday last, tbe other 10 beads will bo started on Monday. This machinery, consisting of a lb-inch cylinder enghie, with a battery of 20 head of revolving stampers, erected by Messrs. Thomson, ot Custkmaioe, is working smoothly and well, and is a good specimen of the work now turned out by that firm, largo orders for which in this district cn weekly being re ceived by it. The No. 1 South Queen's Birthday is suffering from adverse circumstance? and re ports, it having been stated tint it has no stone in. it for crushing. This, however, is not correct, as a special meeting of the directors was only held on Friday last to receive a tender from Messrs, Thomson for tbe supply and erection ofafi-bead battery of revolving stamper, the manager having reported that be lias already stone ready to break down that will keep such battery going for six months or more. The tender received for tbe batten, entirely now, with all re cent improvements, was in amount JE175 5s. 6d., and for its erection complete in full working order an additional £70, such battery to be worked for the present with a portable engine, or until it shall be fully proved aud finally settled at which shaft— whether No. 1 or No. 2— the same shall bo permanently fixed, It yet being a moot point where it will be ; and as a diversity ot opinions prevail, the directois intend making a personal inspection with their manager on Wednesday next, to decide the same. Gcod work has been done below daring tbe , week, the eastern crosscut having been extended 25 feot. Ate €9 feet from the shaft a broken mass of quartz and cement was cut : and during tbe week 25 tons of btone were brought to the surface, making a total or upwards of 45 toss now paddooked, ready for tbo battery. Its posi tion ia good, being freo from debt, with about £1209 to it? credit, Tbo machinery for O'Con nor:: Freehold and otbersan tho vicinity is now all on tho ground. The various claim? along tho Birthday lino, from O'Connor to tho Humboldt, aro each steadily working without any special result. Tho Premier is erecting a new whim. The Queen Vic toria is itill crosscntting, bnt under difficui- tics, owing to bad air and bard country ; a change is, however, reported to be coming in, and thereof may be reached in any shift. TYe Humboldt io itili driving to the west, making ex cellent progress owing to a change oi country, 13 icet having been driven for the week. Tue water hero is a'so very heav», and hopes are entertained that the reef is in the vicinity. It is, hos;ever, contemplated tint another 25 feet, or even 30 feet, may yot havo to be driven before reaching tho sair.o. On tho M'Clure line of reef soma moro animation is being shown in sinking and driving tbe ground already opened up ; there is, however, much more to be done here be fore these claims can bo brought to in fluence tho markot in any perceptible degree. At OBn-ir s Frcohoid the ground to tho north is # being moro fully proved. The trial crushing of quartz and concent turned out fairly succcz&inl;, about 4 tons yielding 2 ox. 3 dwt. of retorted gold. Yet further p - pocting will be carried, on towards the Kangaroo Hill, ana the course'©! the Drummond lead, which, a? previously stated, trends in the direc tion of the Aroona, and so, by a circuitous routo tii thn Foutb 0:ven Extended, the Egyptian and cUzwliero ; and it may yet prevo of great valce. Thomas's Freehold, from which mvoh ia expected, has fairly started to work in sinking its main shaft, tho ground, which was ail :i broken mas.? for tho first 25 feet, is now at 35 feet becoming more settlod. At Russell? Reef a fresh start will soon bo made to continue sinking its shaft, everything upon surface being ready for this ; and a a strong and powerful company is formr-d, the sumo will bo energetically proceeded with. TheColibira line of reef is for tho present all but idlo : the Coliban is inviting tenders for sinking it phaft 100 feet deeper; the?e will be returnable on Wednesday next; whilo tho South Coliban, Laving tnade a call of i.d., will, when collected, resume working. The New Rising Sun will imifca a fair start on Monday to crosscut, east and west, 50 feet of which iu each drive ia i.u>ved will get tho two lode. Tho Cemetery Freehold is reported to havo struck the reef to-day, the stone being of a promising kiud, without at present any gold being seen in it. Preparation will, however, be made to drive north and south along .the lode, and to test tho br.foa fully. MUvain' Freehold i? pushing on most ener getically. Having sunk its main shaft 300 foot, it is preparing for an additional 50 leet before open ing oat ; while tho adjoining claim, the Tommy Bod J, for ao many year? a celebrated mine hero, is likely to remain wjthotifc further development for some time, owing to cauae? which do not de tract in the least from the valuu of the ruino itself. Since tho drnnraite explosion at. the No. 1 South Queon, in August last, no ac eident of any kind at these miuo? h?a been re ported. OASTLE.MAINE. At the United Ajax Company they have ex tended tho crosscut ut COO feet a total distauce from shaft of 70 feot. The grennd is bard sand- stouo. At 800 feet the contract has been com-, plcted, and another :;( to drive 50 feet further. At 400 feet the level i? iu 310 feet, with reef G feet wide, running regular aud making harder going north. A contract has been let to twelve men to rise and sink at tbe same time, so that the No. 2/vinzo cun be pat through inuiortiught. IVheu this is completed ventilation will be secured; then sloping will bo commenced. At Reef Company tbey have commenced to sink the shaft from the former depth SO toet. Thoy have sunk 7 feet for the week in slate and sandstone. The water is not very strong as yet. Tho tributera are still getting out quartz for crushing. Thoy havo broken through to the catting, which will give them good air fcr driv ing boih north and south on thereof. The battery i? to be completed next week. Tbo orection of tramway from shaft to battery will be commenced this week. TheRailway Wattle Gully Conm/rav, Chewton, bare Jet a satisfactory contrectto sink tho shaft, and work has been commenced. Lad der nre now being fixed, preparatory to sinking. Blacksmith's shop elected, und everything ready, CLONES. Nothing special to relate. The South Clunea Company crashed S53ton3 foe 191 oz. 14 dwt. Tho No. 7 level is looking very well, with every prospect of it3 yielding a large aiuouot of profit able quartz. The New North obtained 144 oz. 4 dwt. from 265 tons : stopes and north drive at No. 11, or 1205 foefc level, continuing samo as Jast report ; good progre3 is being rnaue in sink- iug central shaft. .Mr. Reed, proprietor of the Yankee lease, has let another tribute on tbe western lode, and soon we shall be having rertular returns from this mine. The Port Phillip worked at a loss of nearly £300 last month, bnt thia is expected to bo mado up now a_ connection has been effected between No?. 11 and 13 level.?, which open? up a largo amount of .payable groatid on the western lode. Arrangements havo been xondb with this company to work tbo deop ground of tbo Clunes Central Company from- the south end of the Clunes Quartz Company's working?, Bute and Downes'? shares have kept at a pretty even price during, the week, and von for- sales havo been effected. Buyera are offering 21a. Od. Tho market is very firm, and there is every probability of an advance taking place, t?3 it is reported tbat better returns will bo tbe rnlo next week, as the ground in tho neighborhood of the new eastern rise is to bo broken into now the ground ha beeu thoroughly secured. Tbo yicid for tbe week is 106 oz. 3 dwt, Nothing new to report from the New Lothair. 