WOMEN ARE STRANGE. [BY F. W. RonINsoN.] CHAPTER IX.--TIIE LOVERS. Colonel Darrell closed the door, and walked to the very centre of the Turkey s?g, standing thus morally and physically ,between ..the Jlovere, a type of-the ob itri;ction, iwhich they had to expect. He was really very angry; his late alterca tion with Alderman Archstone had not tended to any degree of amiability of disposition, and now here was the prime mover of all the.trouble and mischief before him. "'.May I ask, Mr. Grange, or Mr. Hearthstone- Archstono, I should say by what right you force yourself into my apartments 1" asked the Colonel, "taking advantage of my absence to distress a poor weak invalid." "Papa, I---" "Clara, it is better you should remain. completely silent," said the Colonel, " and leave me to deal with this gentli man." "I am of your opinion, Colonel Darrell," said. Mr. HBarvey Grange in'n low tone of voice, "and I would respect fully request an interview with you in another apartment." "1L decline to grant it," replied the Colonel. ".You will please explain your conduct before me and her," he added, 'pointing to his daughter. "There! is 'only one_ explanation for it all,"- said the actor'gravely, " my love, for Miss Darrell." "Ernest !" exclaimed Clara' Darrell. "My dear,. I. insist on your silence,,' said her ' father very firmly ; "it is ia' possible to get on, if you will interfere in this ridiculous manner. Your, love for my daughter," he, said, turning to.the young man, "is of the past, sir, and there's an end of it.' -Ev~enyour own conduct has: put an eni to,it, Mr.--Mr. -confound it, by what name am I to call you "' " My name is Arohstone in private life, Ernest Archatone;. On theestage Ipre 'fer to' be called Harvey Grange, at present." ' .." At present I" ,repeated. Colonel Darrell. " Oh I then you have no idea of abandoning your absurd calling 1" "I have not." "Abild et 'you have the .effrontery to come here and expect the daughterof a Darrell, of a Colonel in'her Majesty's army, to tolerate your addresses, to put up, with your bad tempers and suspicions, to persuade her father possibly to give his consent to the union V" .. "Your daughter is one of my own pro fession, and an honour and an ornament to it,- ir," answered young Archstone. "I could" have made' no better choice in life." "Probably not for yourself, for my daughter is worth a hundred of you," cried the Colonel. ""I acknowledge. it," said 'jIr., Arch stone, very frank and humble- now, having encountered and comprehended Clara Darrell's appealing - glance towards him ; I. acknowledge every thing. I own ,I have, .been in the wrong, very. unfairly and; unwarralit ably jealous, and that I have wounded the pridoi, perhaps irreparably, of one whose feelings I should 'have been the first to consider, and she has not fdrgiieno me." . . . ; "And a good job, too," said- the Colonel bluntly. : I "But I have faith in her mercy, in her father's love for her, to.end all these mis inderstandings for onceand all. Can, I say more than that I am truly and deeplyl sorry, and beg her to forgive me Olara,i I ask iton my knees again" , " You'll do nothing of the sort, sir. Ybu'll not make yourself an idiot here, sir," said the Colonel, arresting the young man's impulse of prostration.." Sit down and talk sensibly. This is play-actiin,g every bit of it, and I don't like.it." Mr. Archstone sat down, thus adjured ; and the Colonel, maintaining his position in front of the fire, .said-, , '. I " Will you allowme tospeak noff?-and speak a little to the purpose 1' : " Proceed, Colonel," answered thoe tragedian. " I will not interrupt you ii I can help it." , . ; "I have. not much to say, and it's all very plain and straightforward sailing,"; began the Colonel; "I repeat what T have just said downstairs :to your fither, that- " , i " My father ! You have seen hir;, then!, Ah ! he has been imploring you, for my: sake, :to soften the obduracy of your! heart," cried Ernest Archstone.! "Nothing of the kind, sir," answered the Colonel. ' "iYour father is one of thei rudest persons I have ever met.:in my life." "Then he has had the gout;" mur mured Archstone. " Poor old gentleman, how he sufferes! Ah I sir, you haven't seen him at his best.!' "I have seen him at his worst, and that's enough for me.'? "There :are times when he is the most gentle; forbearing, and amiable of men,' continued the actor, " when-= " "I don't want to hear anything abouit your father's good qualities, young man," said the Colonel testily. "Pray allow me to proceed." "You introduced his name yourself, air," answered Mr. Archatone reproach fully. "I have done." " Then I will merely state that we are all of one mind," he remarked. " Your parent objects to the match, I' object, my daughter objects, a day or two ago you objected yourself. Clara and I have arranged .our lives together; she will share and make happy the home of her father, and give up, once and for ever, the stage and you. All this being settled irrevocably, what is their more .to discuss I'.: "I do not believe in the 'forevers,' and the 'irrevocably' off.tho stage," said the'actor'cahnly " it is i play-acting,'.. if you liko, to talk in that way." SCnfound it, sir-what next will-you say?" exclaimed the Colonel. "I will say this next, and with all respect to you," said M-r. Archstono; leaning forward, and. regarding. Clara Darrell very earnestly, ..' that my. dis missal must come from your'daughter's lips, not yours. . "You're as bad as-as-as-as your insolent old father," .exclaimed th9 Colonel. " Spare my father, Colonel Darrell' It is only the duty of a generous man to his son," he said, with something very like true dignity. "Yes, that's "all very well, but your father is--" " I will not hear anything more against miy father," 'said Mr' Archatone, rising, "not another word, if you please." 'Colonel' Darrell.i reddened,. -and stared haughtily at the young man for a moment, then he walked once r,und the room with his hands behind him before he returned to his position on the hearthrug. "I don't blame you, young man, for speaking up for your father,", he said in a different voice, and rattling off his words with an extraordinary rapidity.' " I apologise-I was in the wrong-don't mind me. "I'm a rough old soldier 'at times, nothing more. Not but whatyour father'is-- Hadn't we better, say good morning 7" he added, after a'pause. " We have settled nothing, sir,": said Ernest., " Surely 'omething will be done to relievoe e from a cruel suspense7?" i Clara, will you.tell him that' all is at an. end .between 'you- two " said the Colonel. ," Tell, him this 'calmly aid firmly." ' "It is much better-Ernest-that all should--be 'a an end-between ils-II think," she said, in very meek accents, and with many. long stops.. "That is a nice way' to tell him," inuttered the Colonel. . '"Oli, you will trust me again-once moro I" Ernest exclaimed; ?You:will, I am sure you will ' . "You have had 'my daughter's answer, sir," said the Colonel, who was extremely anxious to bring the interview to a con clusion. " She thinks so," he repeated, " that is all. But she knows that I shall be a desperate man without h.r-and that a word from her--" "Go now, Ernest. I will write to you. " A thousand thanks, dear Clara; hut to hear now from your own lips--" " I am very weak, Ernest. Leave me -please do." She held out her hand, and he stooped and kissed it, then he bowed to the Colonel,.and went out of the room. with quick strides. Colonel Darrell did not say anything for several'minutes after the departure of Ernest Arohstone; he stood with his hands behind his'back, and his eyes bent downwards to his feet, silent, thoughtful, and yet watchful-a man perplexed, and yet a man on his guard. Once or twice he glanced furtively at his daughter, who sat with one hand shading, as it were, the glare of the fire from her face, but in reality concealing some weak and womanly tears from his notice. He spoke at last in a low, dissatisfied tone., ','If that man acts. as well on the stage as he does off, Clara, I do not wonder at his succesesi' he said; : "You 'do him an injustice,' dad, if you think' that, his was not real sorrow for our separation," she answered with a sigh. " I am not sure. ,I don't quite like his manner. Now I think it over,coolly," he said, .".it seems liardly, 'genuine. I 'miss, somehow or other, a true ring about it." , ' Oh ! you are prejudiced against him," she murmured; "you have not. known :him so long,as I have." A; Ahem-no, thank goodness;" " And you,, dislike the stage' so much. .You are so bitter against us-all ! •" Shall I tell you why' l"?he asked. :' If you will. If you don't'mind." ":Iwill'be very brief, and it is a warn ing as well as a" story, .Clara," 'he said1 drawing a chair to her side; sitting down, and takinig hier hand in his. CHAPTER X 'CTHE COLONEL'S CONFESSION. "' I aim'not surprised at your talent for the stage," began the .Colonel. "Your mother was an actress." "'My mother !i' exclaimed Clara Darrell. "My own mother-and you have not told me this before !" . " You were only 'fifteen when I. 'left England," he continued; " and you' were too young' to know the story ' which your aunts and I were only too anxious to keep from you, and 'which: weo did keep 'from you rigorously, religiousily." ". For 'wht " reason? .' Was mother- " "Bad I Yes, God forgive .me, very bad,"said the Colonel solemnnly;,'f aid she nearly broke my heart."'. '9 But you forgave her before she died; I hope, and-and .she-? was very, very sorry. Oh I wasn't ..she ?. Say that,' implored the girl, now terribly shaken by the revelation. "I have not forgiven her, and she has never asked my forgiveness," replied' the Colonel. ":I do not think she is'dead.' ;I 'tNot . dead !' dried Claira "My mother living g Where?" " Heaveni linows where," was '.th answer. "I dori't' ." ' '"And ':ith: whom id she?. '.Canr you tell me'that.?" she inquired, iii a husky whisper.. .: "I cannot tell you anything more, Clara," said 'the Colonel, ," I have, not cared to ask about her.. Her life., has no interest' for, me, and, lies-, apart from mine." " Dreadful,"' whispered Clara Darrell to.herself. "You do not wonder, Clara, why I' hate the' stage:aid all belonginig to it I?"' "No,'" she himuirmured. ."i under stand, I think." '• " It was the ruin of my' happinese. I believed," he added, after' a pause, "tthat your mother would settle down,',give up the artificial' life she was pursuing, be content' with a quiet 'home and faithful husband ; in fact, devote her life to me and' you. See the bitter end of all my hopes, Clara,' and .the shadows which you cast on me. again ... "No, no ; not I !i she cried. "You' mustn't say that." " You love.this man-better than me," he said. " His life fascinates you, and is a part of-. your own. You cannot give him up' your tastes, pursuits, ambitions, are in common,. Heis everything to you, and I am n'dthliig." i " My love for him:desa not weaken my affection for the father," she replied;' "' Ah,i then you do love him ?" said the .Colonel quiokly. S"Yes," she confessed.` -"It is not possible to forget him, all at'once." S" Ai'd yet you, are !ready to . devote your life to me ? You have said that,"' he reminded'h'er. "If you wish it, yes,'" she said, extend ing her,haud to him again. • .' Gladdening my life at the last,": he continued, "',taking the place.of her who deserted me, forgetting by degrees your poor romance, and letting the:stage world sink, .away. You are prepared for all thisaf ".If you wish it," she repeated once 'more, ".yes.' The fair head was ioe'd very los; the piceture which he drewi for her was cold and grey in'tone, and the wirld which shwe.as asked to quit had lbeen: a very hali~iy'one, brightened as it had heen by a remarkable suiicess. Biit if he wished ite IYea "'You mike iat my wish rather than your own," hemuttered. ."You do not come.freely to the life I offer you, Clara. Yoti.hardly trust me; you know 'so little Was it' a reproach in her 'turn Which escaped the trembling lips of the daughter? "You do not' ive me time," she mur nmured. -" Time for what 1" " Time to'think what is beht !" The.Colonel did not" answer this'; he eat with 'his forehead deeply. furrowed. anid'an expression of grave doubt upon his face. Didihe know what was really, beat foi her? 7.; Wai o not requiring from her all the sacriicfe, all the solf.ahunegation, all the lons, and offering, her, nothing. but, a quiet home;with himl?,And he was right, too, in his..acousation- . After:, all; *she knew so little:of him; he was no part and parcel of her world... He had spent his life away -from- her. SSuddenly he rose to his feet and laid his hand upon hers for a moment with' a kindly pressure. "Take-your time, child," he said. He went out of the room, out of the hotel,, and alked the full length of the. Emblankient with the thoughtful,puzzled look which had come to him with his daughter's final words.. He thought he knew what was best for her. He hoped she would see what was best for herself when he returned; but.~he was hardly confident in his own wisdom. He was vacillating now-he who had always prided himself upon his strength of mind and.inflexibility of will. Pe-had been very firm and hard, God knows, once upon a'time, but the result was failure, and a wife stealing away from home and child and him. He' should not like it said again that.he had been too firm, and knew nothing' of women's hearts and thoughts, and that in his own conceit he had marred his daughter's life. Let him take time himself, and think the matter out to a fair conclusion-if he could I. OIIAPTERXO,.-NOT ALONE IN' THE WORLD. Not having,quite thought out his pro gramme, or given his daughter time enough to think out hors, or not exactly knowing what to think, Colonel Darrell turned. from the Embankment into the busylStrand. He would proceed home leisurely; the solution to the riddle which perplexed him was in Clara Darrell's hands' rather thanlhis own. After all, it was what she wished, and he was very helpless in the matter when he came to rzcfieot on all the complicatioui of the position. Be had returned to find the child he had left behind a woman with a will of her own-and that will was lifficult.to comprehend. `,Ris gloomy, pre-occupied looks attracted some attention in the busy thoroughfare which he had chosen for his return route. In his young days he hld been called "Handsome Darrell," and it was a fine face still, though lined and weathei- beaten, at which people glancedi wonderine what troubled it. More than one pedestrian recognised him ; the actors were abroad in the sunshine that morn ing, and one or tiro who had been at Mrs. M'Alister's "At Home" had not for iotten his behaviour there, and nudged each other as they passed him. A lady and gentleman walking very rapidly in the opposite, direction, also atoms of the dramatic world, were sur prised at the sight of him, the lady eý claiming- " Why, here's the dear old Colonel coming. I muat ask him about C'ara. I'm dying to know how she is." "I wouldn't, Miss Westminster, I really wouldn't," said Mr. :March, who was her escort. We shall know all from Harvey Grange." "Oh I but I shall," said Miss |West minster decisively. " You need not stop without you like." " And I'don't like,' 'said little March. "He has reduced the receipts of 'iy theatre, he has do respect for true genius, he thinks there's only one Colonel in the world, the puppy. Good morning, Miss Westminster." " Oh I good morning to you." Mr. March strutted.by Colonel Darrell, who did hot or would not see him, but looked straight over his head, as. if totally unconscious of a great man passing him, and.it was only Kitty Westminster-with' an amazing confidence born of much buh-' lesque and, though she did not' care .to acknowledge it to the elite, of a piblimi-: nary music- hall training which had: not lone her any harim-who held out'her land to the officer: as if she :had' known" hint all her life. ' "Good day, Colonel Darrell. .How is Claral" . Colonel Darrell had been. really very deep in thought, and oblivious of those who pasEsed him, and he quite jumped at Miss Westminster's sudden, address, be ore he raised his hat slowly and formally, and then out of politeness took the little gloved hand which had been offered him, egarding her smiling, cheerful counte nance with great gravity. . .. . , ; S"My daughter is not very .well, thank ,ou," he replied. ' ' " "Not very well. Oh! I'm so sorry,' jxelaimed :'Kitty. "'What's the 'matter ith her? ' Ybu'll'excuse my riude'qiies .ions'biut T like' Clira,' and'I' know the will be as grumpy off the stagea' s I 'should be'. Sh'b will 'po'itively fret' herselfto; iuath," Besides, people are .nissip.lier. already. Have you seen the Elect"idEel 't . Nn, madam; I have not -seen tlh Electric Eel." ;.' Ah ! ,well, get a copy for Clara," she ;aid. "And' you are staying at DeKeyser's, I am told," she remarked. ;." May I ask who told you "' ' Mrs. M'Alister."' : "f Upon my honour, it's very eitfaori dinary the'faoility with which- your :cl'iss 'acquires information,": said the, Colonel reddening 'with indignation. '"Mr. Grange .was Iot'slow to find my daughter out." ' Mrs. M'Alister' told him, too,' was the reply. "She's a wonderful woman; and knows everything, andyetneverseems to be trying:to know. ..May I come and see Clara now ? .Would you mind very much letting me walk back with you'l I amsiire sheisivery dull and wretched."! .!'Being with:a;man calculated to niake a woman .dull• adnd wretched," added Colohel Darrell. '''Oh I' don't me'an that.' :" h'l said the Colonel sadly, "'but. I do." " Then she is unhappy. I knew shs would be, I was sure of it," cried Kitty Westminster'with excitement. "The change from the theatre to me is very creat, and has depressed her," said the Colonel. "That 1 expected. But she will recover soon; she loves her father, thank God." "And she loves the stage too; and how will you keep her off'that .Be, aides, what a shame it will be !" she '.ried. " Why, we want more' people 'who can' act, and fdaer 'of those who can't, a?d we' cannot' spare. dlara Gal veston, who is' one' iii a hundied thou sand of us:- May .1 come and 'see he now ? ;. S"Notgfor the world." .. ' :" Why not?" asked Kitty;. ' "Can't you; trust mel Don't you trust any-. -body ?':: " . Colonel Darrell 'winced. Was this the clue to much ofhis unhappiness-- 'past' and present--to others' unhappiness, tool SMiss Darrell is too unwell to:see any-! body,l! he said, without. replying ,to0 all: Miss Westminster's questions ; and you will exouse, me.. . . ", Oh I I'll excuse you, Colonel, for .you.can't keep me away long," she said,, "and :.you'?have a" daughter no more: likely to 'forget me altogether than'th'e publio will forget her. Why, look over there;, just under the'blue shepherd in'a' yellow wig-and that's me,'you'know 'Last week of Miss Galveston.' Look at the size of that old poster, and be grate ful for a'clever child. Good day, and my love to Clara." '"She tripped away without shaking hands with him again, but with a pleasant smile and a little defiant nod, as if not very much afraid of him for all his woeful and. .unsympathetic countenance. He raised his hat and proceeded on his way, glad that the interview was over, and the instant afterwards disposed to be sorry, as he might have askedc a few questions in' his turn'of that inquisitive lady, arid learned the real truth of Clara Darrell's' life. :?? He walked back more rapidly to the hotel now. The stage life was, close to him' yet; the stage faces were thick about 'him. still, and Clara was not safe ;ithin a stone's throw of them all. She was surrounded by them, not away from them; and. yet he had promised not to take her back to a home of which she was really.afraid. .He entered the hotel, and went upstairs. He passed into.his room aisd. then stood close to the door trans fixed with astonishment. Two0 tall,' thin- visaged ladiep, not un like himself in feature, sat one on each side of the fire, very prim and self possessed. They had set aside their bonnets, "smoothed theirhbands of thin grey hair, and were waiting for his return with much placidity-two sisters thoroughly at home already.. He looked wildly round him, but there was no sign of Clara Darrell. CHAPTER XII.-THE MAIDEN AUNT8. Clara Darrell was no longer an inmate of the hotel on the Embankment,we may say at once. Always quick to act, in the interim between her father's last leave taking and his return she had taken French leave herself, instead of that time to consider which he had kindly offered her. She was afraid that in her father's estimation she. would for ever remain a heartless and unigrateful child ; but in a few words, hastily written iri pencil, she had attempted to explain, and this note of explanation she had left in an en velope upon the table of the sitting room. It had become necessary to make up her mind in five minutes, and she had done so. The cruel, hateful past was suddenly very close upon her, and she must auc. cumb at once, or at all hazards escape from it. The letter ran thus : "!My PooR DEAR 'DAD,-1 grieve to think what you will think of me. But I cannot stop an instant longer-I dare not. From the window of our room I have seen 'approaching those who shadowed all my life, and -whose want of sympathy and love for me would assuredly bring about again all the old mistakes. I escape from them, for your sake as well as: my own. They are in London-not in Derbyshire -and I am desperately afraid of them. Of my own free will I will meet them no more. Good-by. Forgive and forget your loving daughter, " LARA DARRELL. "P.S.-I shall never, never marry without your free conoent. I do not go away to him." When Colonel Darrell had started for his 'walk on the Embankment, he liad left his daughter to solve a great problem for herself, and she-had seen him go in all good faith. There was no thought of flight from him, till looking sadly down upon the busy life without, the figures of her two aunts rose up like ghosts before her-two sour and Puritanic woman with whose real devoutness there had always . mingled a terrible. want of con sideratlon, of charity, of fair allowance for other mortals' weakness, even other mortals' faith when it took a different degree of shape and tone from theirs; in a word, the Darrell pride in its most ob jectionable form, and the impulsive girl spread her wings and flew from it. There was only just time; they had come cautiously across the road from Queen Victoria-street, and, indeed, were planted at two separate lamp-posts in the middle of the road now, calmly vigilant, and taking grave precautions for their own protection from passing vehicles, by refusing to move until perfect safety could be- absolutely guaranteed. Clara Darrell had seen them;. the policeman endeavouring to convince them that they were not in danger of their. lies had attracted her attention first, and' s?e sprang-to her feet.full of fear and anima tion. : "They are- in London, -then I My 'father-knew it,- and' it- has all been -arranged," were her first thoughts. Then she rang'the'bell; and issued'rapidly' her -instructions to thie waiter who responded tbohersuminonns. . "Two ladies will inquire fortheolonel in'a'few minutes; please show thoeminto -the room and ask them to wait. Their brother, Colonel Darrell, will not be very long.' If-if," she said more hesitatingly, '' they should ask for Ine, I have gone out for a few moments." "Yes, ma'am." Exit the servant,and then Clara Darrell dashed off her little note, with her watch ful eyes on the two spinsters clinging to the bronze posts round the lamps: ini;the middle of'the road, and still- terribly un certain if it were safe to 'make a second start. - - - ---- - ' And after'her.letter was' written, anid not without somi bright t'eatsfalling, ,::it COlara: Darrell intd' her ownvroomi, and out df hehr own robm, almnot ismmediately, equipped for walking. Aunts and niece passed each other on .opposi[t sides of thet.way even, but the ,aunts were very, short- sighted, had carts and omnibuses on.their minds, and.Clara knew of their infirmities pretty well. It was these two ladies.. whom Coloael Darrell found in his private sittin groom instead of his daughter, and at whom *he stared and almost frowned. Indeed, his general greeting was altogether remark. able'for iti discourtesy. "Why, what the devil brings you two here I" he exclaimed, after- a glance 'round for his missing child. '"I didn't write 'for you to come-I didn't want you-youwould have seen me in plenty of time." i "Yes, Leonard," said:the elder sister, calm and unmoved at the excited outburst of her brother, " but we were anxious concerning you. We knew you would-be very much alone in London, and Selina thought our companionship might be of service tc you." "And we could all 'three go down to Derbyshire so nicely together," added the second sister. Colonel"Darrell looked from one to the other, received a kiss froim each of them in the exact centre of' his :forehead, and said gruffly- t ".How is Selina" " "Pretty, well,. so far as her afflictions will permit," answered the elder sister'; " not always as resigned as one should' be tot the calamities of .life, but-pretty well, .' . '?"And you two 1" Both answered at once'in the same dry key, -and precisely in' the same words ' " We are very well, thank you, Leonard -very well indeed.' "I iim very glad to hear it,", answered the Colonel absently, and looking round the? room again a little, nervously. "What 'didyou say you came up for Oh,' yes-I.remember--to take me down to;:Derbyshire. But I.have not made up my mind to.go down yet.awhile." "There is no occasion for haste,'' was the.reply of one sister; "everything is just as you left' it at 3Maveraby, and 8elina:is at home." 5' Thank you, Rebecca-yes-exactly. BHave you seen" Clara l' asked: he suddenly. :":Clara 1" both exclaimed in onie breath again. " lsashe----"' "Yes, she is. Of course she is," he said, interrupting them, after his old quick' fashion of cutting- short the re marks of other folk.. ".You didn't think I wa~.going to leave her .to the world, and such a world, without an effort to get her back again ? I had no'quarrel with her, no grievance, like you women. I only knew how dear 'she was to me, andithe only one left." "Surely we are left to you, Leonard,". was Rebecca' Darrell's mild reproach. "Yes, and you haven't' left mie long alone, have you ? I wonder what made me tell you in my letter to what hotel I was going," he said thouglitfilly.and un graciously. "You have, spoiled every-, thing-you have changed the whole business-you have goosed it, by God I" And to his feet sprang the Colonel, and round the room -he went with his. old; strides, a hasty, choleric man, with not; much respedt for 'his sisters' feelings, and with a terrible certainty growing upon hits that all his plans were rmumbling rapidly.to dust. As he revolved round the table, with the cold grey eyes'of his sisters following him,. lie caught sight of the note, stoppe'd and made'a sna'tolh at 'it. " This wilL tx;lain," he said. 'He tore open 'the dnvolope, drew out the paper withfin it, and road the lines which Clara had scrawled. The Colonel's face grew very troubled as he read. He was, deeply wounded, deeply moved; for there were some wonderfully soft spots. in this soldier's heart, and the sisters .watched him more anxiously than their calm looks betrayed. This was a crisis how would it end for them ? This man they loved, and were prepared to make many sacrifices for, in order to keep him from the temptations of the world ; but they knew of his awful pride, his ungovernable temper, his deplorable self-conceit, as well as of the many virtues, which as a Darrell, and a Derbyshire Darrell, he was bound to possess. He had his faults, poor Leonard ! Probably every man:had his. faults ; it was just possible even that they were faulty in some minor points themselves. They could not remember when they had been in the wrong, or had not acted for the right, even for the true and beat; but then they were hardly justified in being their own judges in the matter. In all humility, certairily not. The Colonel drew a chair 'before the fire, and sat down with the letter in his hands. " My dear Leonard," began the eldest sister, "If Clara--" "Silence, Martha, and read that," he said. Reading that was something. of 'a trouble on the spur of-theamoment, and with a gold-mounted pair of glasses to find, and .open and clean with' a cambric handkerchief, and then drop on the carpet and pick up again ; but the Colonel waited more patiently than might have been expected. -When 'his selste had read it,.. not without emotion either, although the thin lips were compressed very tightly to conceal it, he said, " Give it to Rebecca;" and Rebecca, also troubled with glasses of the same pattern to find and clean, received the letter, and eventually mastered the contents. "I' found her," said the Co'lonel, "and brought her here. We were thinking of a home together, we two -when you came and spoilt it all." "You would not have,, been happy. There is' no "tability in Clara, ,poor, child," said Rebecca. " Poor child l" echoed Martha; " no." " And you have driven her away. Upon my soul, I' feel to.day I hate the coup'e of you," cried the Colonel. Rebecca and Martha Darrell raised their hands in protest, elevated their grey eyebrows, and exehan4ed commiserating glances with each other, but they did not answer him. They remembered his temper of old days, and knew how much better it had always been to let the storm spend its fury unchecked. It saved them contumely, it saved Leonard indulging in profane language, it was a quicker way of coming to the point, and the old plan was successful in this instance. He be came suddenly silent again ; presently he held out a hand to each of them. "You must not mind my raving. I have been bitterly disappointed," he said. " I should be glad to know all about Clara now, if you do not object, very much," replied Rebecca Darell. "How-she must have hated the lot of you i" remarked the Colonel absently. '!How you must have preached, at her, worried her, -thrown every petty obstacle in her way I" "S' he was vary young," said Martha, in self-defence at this. " We were anxious to train her steps aright; we'did not thipk she 'would have rebelled against the authority which you gave us to-" "Yes, yes, 'that will 'do," said the Colonel. ' "I don't want'to' hear any more about it. I see it all;'I understand." \- "There was the fear of the fate of her mother,"' began Martha afresh, when' once mnre the Colonel stopped her, this time with sdo stern a look that an awkward silence followed. "I will tellyou about Clara," lesaid, after a pause. Then he added, with a little sigh and par parentheses, "I wonder Where she has gone' now, poor girl. We will:follow her steps for ourselves, and leave -the Colonel wondering for awhile. ' (To libe continued.) 