LOCAL NEWS. GREAT NORTHERN TRADES ANO LABOUR PRO- TECTION SOCIETY.-Last evening a well attended meeting of tbe committee of this Society was held at Mr. James F. Kerr's Adelphi Hotel, West Mait- land. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. H. Mullen, J. P. Rules for the government of the society were submitted, and after some slight amendments were adopted by the committee. They provided tbat the committee should meet on tbe first Wednesday in each month for the transaction of business. Officers were then elected as follow:- President, Mr. W. H. Mullen; Vice-presidents, Messrs, James F. Kerr and H. J. Tonkin; Treasurer, Mr. J. J. M'Duff; Secretary, Mr. G. W. Rawlins. A petition, praying for the immediate discontinuance of the present system of immigration, prepared for sub- mission to Parliament, was approved by the meeting, and it was decided that after it had been suitably engrossed it should lie at Mr. Kerr's for signature. A committee consisting of some twenty gentlemen was formed, and all present subscribed to the funds of the society. It was decided that the meetings of the committee be convened by advertisement in the Maitland Mercury. The chair- man congratulated the society on the interest already evinced in tbe movement, which he had no doubt would meet with a large share of support. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceed- ings. MR. CHARLES BYRON MARTIN.- A second exhi- bition of elocutionary inability was given last night in the Maitland School of Arts by this person. There was a large audience, attracted by the fame of the first performance, which we duly noticed, Mr. Martin contented himself on this occasion with holding a distorted mirror up to nature on his behalf alone; he spared the audience imitations of other actors, except in one instance. We bad Booth according to Martin, who seemed to be Martin and not Booth. There was this dif- ference in the two programmes that last night Mr. Martin appeared "in full theatrical costume," as he described it. It was so full that it served to clothe his person through all its changes of identity. Before taking on this raiment Mr. Martin complied with what he thought the etiquette of such enter- tainments, and made a short speech of thanks and an explanation before the curtain. He then made the announcement respecting his dress, and also stated the grievous fact that they would see him no more after last evening. He contemplates a tour in the country. After an interval, not of breathless silence, Mr. Martin was discovered as Richard the Third in the tent scene, and he proceeded with his inimitable renderings. One thing must be taken for granted: Martin may copy other men of commanding genius -no man could copy Martin. We shall not give details; the per- formance is as little capable of description as of pirating. It was attended with the drawback that it excited laughter instead of tears, and much of it was dumb show. No one thought of attempting to repress the irrepressible boy, and for that reason he was more than ordinarily rampant. So that be saw nothing unmanly or improper in throwing such misiles as oranges, potatoes, cauliflowers, paper bags of flour, and so on, at a person whose worst offence was harmless buffoonery. Some young ass, whose mischievous disposition inclined him that way, threw a cracker, and another some article which cut a hole in the scene: There is no fun in doings of that kind, and as is not unusual in Maitland, people who were prepared to enjoy even a burlesque performance, were deprived of their due by the conduct of some unruly ones. A mock address was presented to Mr. Martin by Mr. Stephen Fitzgerald; after enumerat- ing the actor's characteristics, it quite sincerely closed with a hope that, the subscribers might never look upon his like again. The address was accom- panied with a star of glittering metal, and tbe fool- ing closed with the reciter attempting amid deafen- ing noise to render Hamlet's address to his father's ghost. NEWCASTLE RACHB.-It will be noticed by re- ferring to our advertising columns that entries for the different events eat down for decision at the race meeting at Newcastle on July 5 close this Bfter noon. The programme is a liberal one. DBATJQHTB AT THE SCHOOL or ABTS.-A meeting will beheld in the School of Arts, West Maitland, on Wednesday evening of members interested in the game of draughts. An advertisement elsewhere will supply particulars. MUNICIPAL APPEAL COTJBT.-Yesterday WBB fixed tor the hearing and determining of appeals against the municipal assessment of the Borough ol West I Maitland for the current year. At the conclusion of the ordinary business of the police court Mr. B. W, Thompson informed the bench that there were no appeals to be considered, and expressed the opinion that the circumstance indicated the satisfactory state of municipal matters in West Maitland. Mr. Yates, P.M., Btated that the same satisfactory state of things had existed in East Maitland, THB UNBMPLOSED.-Mr. Frank B. Treatt, Regis trar at the Immigration Office of employers and unemployed, reports that there were 1S9 employed at the Labour Exchange during the five days ending June 13. On Friday there were 58 vacancies for different employments, which were not filled during the day. A CUEIOUS BTJEVTVAL.-The Melbourne Argun states that a curious question of privilege was brought before the Assembly on Thursday. Mr. Keys men- tioned that he was talking with a friend in military uniform in the precincts of the House, when a con- stable came up and required the gentleman in ques- tion to retire, The Speaker Bays that he believes the rule of the House of Commons is that no military ma» in uniform ia allowed within the precincts of the building. He is to inquire into the matter. SCOTTISH MOBALS,-Scotland (observes the St. Jame/ Gazette) appears to be improving in morals. From the figures given in the Begistrar-General's report for the past-year, it seems that the number of births registered throughout that country in 1883 was 124,462. Of these the illegitimate births amounted to only 10,035, or 8.06 per cent, of the total-being the lowest proportion since the yeor 1855, They occur in the largest proportion in the mainland rural districts, where they are 9.9 per cent, ; whilst in the principal town and small town districts they form 7.7 per cent, of the total births ; in the large towns 6,8iper cent.; being lowest in the insular rural districts, where they constitute 5,4 per cent, of all the births. The relative frequency of illegitimacy in the various geographical divisions and connties is tabulated in the report. As usual, it is seen that the north-eastern and southern divisions stand highest in furnishing the greatest proportion of illegitimate births ; the north-western and west midland afford- ing the lowest. Among the countieB, Shetland, Ross, and Cromarty, and Dumbarton present but 4.5 per cent, of such births ; in Elgin, Banff, Dumfries, and Kiraidbright the proportion was 14 and 15 per cent, | while in Wigtown it reached the prominent position of no leas than 17.8 per cent. MB, JOHN FBABEB, M.A.-The friends oE Mr. John Fraser, for many years head master of Sauchie House School, West Maitland, will be pleased to learn that he arrived safely at Liverpool in April {Mt, after a short stay in America. CLEVER SURGICAL OPERATION.-Yesterday fore- noon, Drs. Morsen and Russell performed a clever surgical operation: The patient was Mr. John Buchanan, of Baerami, Denman, who has for some time past been blind, and has lately been staying at Mr. J, P. Kerr's Adelphi Hotel, West Maitland, where Mrs. Buchanan, and Mr. and Mrs. Kerr, have been unremitting in their attention to the patient. Without the aid of chloroform Drs. Morson and Bussell removed Mr. Buchanan's right eye some weeks ago, and yesterday the doctors succeeded in extracting from the remaining eye the cause of blindness. We learn that the patient ia doing as well as can be expected under the circumstances. LONDON WOOL SALES.-The Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company, Limited, have received the following cable messages respecting the wool sales from London dated 12th instant:-"From Helmuth, Schwartze, and Co:-'The decline has recovered during last week, and the sales closed firm with, an upward tendency. For the bulk of wools prices are on a par with the average of lust series, crossbreds being one half-penny higher; Adelaide greasy are on the average lower than the average of last series. Total sold, 326,000 bales,* of which 180,000 baleB were exported ; 38,000 bales) are bald over.' " " From Buxton, Konald, and Co. :-' Current sales closed very firmly for crossbreds, and merinos are ateady. Total offered to date, 360,000 bales, of whieh about 190,000 were taken for export, and 38,000 held over."' ATJSTBALIAN MUTUAL PBOTIDBNT SOCIBTY -We (Eerala) understand that at a special meeting of the board of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, held at the society's office on the 10th instant, Mr. James B. Fairfax was unanimously elected a director, in lieu of Mr. Isaac B. Ives, resigned. This is the first occasion on which the board has been called on to exercise the power conferred by the new bylaws of filling up an extraordinary vacancy, THB BET. DE. ELLIS,-This clergyman, who has occupied St. Paul's pulpit for some months, during the absence of the incumbent, the Bev. A. A. Maclaren, and since his return, preached for the last time on Sunday. In his evening sermon, which was founded on the words of JBBUB " I am the Vine ; ye are the branches," the Rev. Doctor dwelt on the suitableness of the figure employed by our Saviour to set forth His relationship to His Church, and put forward the following leading thoughts: That Christ the Vine, end His people the branches, suffer in com- mon ; that the figure of the Vin» and its branches presents a picture of true unity: the oneness is not between branch and branch, but between tba branches as a whole and the stem. And here the preacher took ocossion to say that although in Borne churches there was an absence of one of the three marks by which the Church of England dis- tinguishes a true church, yet if such churches pos- sessed the word of God, and acknowledged the atoning mediation of Christ, they must be regarded as branches of the true Vine. Thus he recognised in the Presbyterian Church, in the Wes! ey an Church, in the Baptist Church, and even in the Salvation Army, branches of the Vine, although they had no episcopal order. The third thought was that no growth in the branches can be expected, if the im- pulse proceed not from the stem ; growth in churches therefore presupposed the active influence of Christ in the world, The preacher instanced the Evan- gelical movement and the Tractnrian movement in the Church of England as each in their way indicating distinct and wholesome growth, Lastly he counselled churches and individual members of churches to remember that they were branches of the true Vine, and besought them to bear themselves worthy of that great connexion, and to beware lest they by sin or unbelief lopped themselves asunder from the parent stem. In concluding, Dr. Ellis thanked all who during his sojourn at St. Paul's had shown bim any kindness, boped that his expositions of truth might have proved of guidance and light, and suggested that ia St, Paul's and other parishes sermons would be better, if wealthy parishioners would place a library of sound theological learning at the disposal of their clergyman, and if the people would remember that a clergyman must bave time for study. THE POLITICAL SITUATION IN NEW ZEALAND. Owing to the defeat of the Ministry in New Zealand, the House of Representatives has been adjourned till to-day (Tuesday) in order to enable the Ministers to consider the situation. THE STBAMEES.-We hear it announced that there will shortly be a change in the time of departure of the steamers from Sydney for the Hunter. We learn that the alteration will take effect in a week or two. It is proposed to make the hour of departure from Sydney six o'clock in the evening, and the steamers will consequently reach the wharf, Newcastle, about midnight, and the train northwards will start from Newcastle shortly after midnight. Will thia be a convenience to the travelling public P LICENSING» COUBT.-On Friday an adjourned licensing meeting for the hearing of applications for licenses under the Licensing Act wea held at East Maitland. Mr. L, Tates, P.M., presided, and there were also present-MeBsrs, P. Green and R. Scobie, J's.P., members of the court. In regard to the application of Patrick Grealy, of Lochinvar, which was postponed from a previous sitting of the court, Sub-Inspector Duffy stated the improvements to the applicants' premises had been completed. The renewal of the license was granted. An application from Tracey Dawson for a renewal of his license for the Red, White, and Blue Hotel, Hinton, wea adjonrned till the 27th instant, as wes also a similar application from James Thomas Dee, licensee of the Rutherford Hotel. Mr. R, A, Toung appeared in support of the applications. An application was made by Mr. Toung, on behalf of Mrs. M inch, for permission to dispense with stabling accommodation, The request was agreed to, WORKING MEN'S SOCIAL CLUB.-It will have been noticed by advertisement that a general meeting of the members of the Working Men's Social Club will be held this (Tuesday) evening at the Club Rooms. The business to be transacted includes the adoption of rulea and regulations for the government of the club, and election of officers. A full attendance is desired. THE SOUTH AUSTBALIAN POLITICAL CBIBIS. Consequent on his recent defeat in the South Austra- lian Assembly, on a no- confidence motion, the Hon. J. C. Bray tendered his resignation to the Governor, who h ni sent for the Hon. J. Colton to form n Ministry. In our telegraph columns will be found the names of the new Ministry as chosen by Mr, Colton. FINE BEEF;-We have often referred lately to the fine displays of beef in the shops of our loca butchers, but we do not remember ever seeing better, if indeed equal, to that shown on Saturday evening by Mr. John Walsh, butcher, Hunter-street. Among maDy fine careases in the shop was that of n Durham cow bred by Mr. Andrew Loder, which when dressed turned the scale at 8481be. The beef when cut pre- sented a beautiful appearance, veins of rich-coloured fat alternating, with lean, and the veriest epicure could not bat be pleased, The good condition of the beast, too, is proof that there must have been plenty of feed in at least some parts of the colony during the late drought. BBKTBOOT SDGAB.-The reference of our corres- pondent " Suffolk" elsewhere to English and German beetroot sugar was suggested by a passage in the Tinta which is too long to print. It says that Messrs, Bolton and Partners, of London, have ac- quired the works of an unsuccessful experimenter, Mr. Duncan, ia Suffolk, and intend to use new and more economical machinery procured from France. Farmers in the vicinity have promised to cultivate the beet to the extent of 800 acres, and it is expected their example will be followed, The factory can deal with 1000 tons of root yearly, but Mr. Dunean could never obtain more than 500 tons. In the treat- ment of the juice, strontia is to be used for pre- cipitating the sugar. During tbe last three years, it is stated,418,735 tons.ol beetroot sugar wera import ed to England, the gross v due being ¿£10,000,000. In Germany, in tbe year 1879-80, there were 8,000,000 wt, of baetroot sugar made ; in 1884-5 the quantity will be 20,000,000 cwt, The exports of sugar from Germany were, in 1879-80, 2,737,224 cwt.; and in 1883-84,11,500,000 cwt. From Auatria and Hungary in the same year nearly 5,000,000 cwt. were ex- ported, LOTS'S YOUNG- DEEAM.-A rather novel breach of promise case, on account of the age of the parties concerned was before the Supreme Court, Sydney« on Thnrsday'lait. MR Kent, the plaintiff, who was 63 yea» old, sued Mr: Williams, who was one yeBr har senior, to recover damages for breach of promise of marriage. The defendant paid £76 into court. The casa was not proceeded with, it being explained that the action was not brought for the purpose of obtaining damages, but because plaintiff was ander the impression that her character was in som« way involved by the marriage being broken off, An as- suras ce being given that the lady's «haracter waa not questioned, the action was allowed to drop. PHESRNTATION TO MB. P. BOWES.-A few even- ings since Mr, P. Bowes was the recipient of a very handsome gold locket from the East Maitland Athletic Club, It was intended as a slight recogni- tion of that gentleman's valuable services as secre- tary to the club, The presentation was mad« at the Bank Hotel in the presence of a numbor of gentle- men, Mr. G. A, Eckford occupied the chair, and in a neat speech he extolled Mr. Bowes very active exertions in behalf of the club, and presented him with the locket, which was obtained from the estab- lishment of Mr. W. H. Smith. Mr. Bowes made suitable acknowledgement, after which several toasts were proposed and duly honored. The locket, wbich was very much admired by those present, bore the following inscription :-" Presented to Mr. P. Bowes by E. M, Athletic Club." AM UNPLEASANT ACCIDENT.-Last evening about 10 o'clock a man named John Barr fell from his horse in High-street, near Balcomb's shop, and one of his feet catching in a stirrup iron he was dragged some six hundred yards, when the stirrup-leather separated itself from the saddle by the weight of the man's body and he lay in the roadway. Wben picked np he presented a most undesir- able appearance: his face, hands, and wearing apparel were besmeared with mud, the latter torn in rags. He was taken to Dr. Alcorn's surgery by constables Holmes and Fraser, where Dr. S. A, Alcorn examined him, and found no serious in juries apparent. The doctor, however, recommended, his removal to the Maitland Hospital. Apparently the only injuries he received were several braises I about the body. I 