The Government Railway Proposals. INDIGNATION MEETING- AT WEST MAITLAND. On Saturday evening a public meeting was held in the School of Arts, West Maitland, for the purpose of protesting against the proposal to connect Walgett with the Great Western Bailway by way of Coonamble and Mudgee, and of expressing an opinion in favor of lines of railway from Narrabri to Walgett, and from Dubbo to "Coonamble. Notwithstanding the fact that the meeting was held on Saturday evening when the em- ployes of all the retail business establishments were engaged in business-to them the business evening of the week-there was a large attend- ance. The meeting was a thoroughly representative one, all interests being repre- sented, and those present were thoroughly in harmony with the views of the speakers, the expressions of approval being unanimous and hearty. The Mayor of West Maitland (Mr. R. Hyndes) presided. There were present on the platform-Messrs. J. K". Brunker, M.P., B. W. Levy (D. Cohen and Co.), John Lee (John Lee and Co.), J. D Prentice (Wolfe, Gorrick, and Co.), the Be v. W. H. II. Tarrington, Messrs. E. W. Thomp- son, J. W. Bowes (Mayor of Morpeth), James Pritchard, W. H. Mullen, H. J. Adams, H. Trenchard, C. Eipper, J. P. Kerr, and P. Mudie. The CHAIRMAN in opening the proceedings, said for some time past the railway policy brought before Parliament by the Acting Minister for Works had created public atten- tion, and great interest and anxiety existed among the people of that district, more so than in any other part of the colony. They were aware that they had had public meetings and had established a railway League. Meet- ings had been held in almost all the northern towns, and deputations representing 60,000 or 70,000 inhabitants had waited upon the Government, and numerously signed petitions had been presented to the Hon. the Acting Minister for Works, praying that our interests might be considered in the railway policy about to be introduced into Parliament, and also asking that the extension from Narrabri to Walgett might be included. They would have thought that from the public meetings, the deputations, and the petitions, that some good might have come, or that they would have received some slight consideration from those gentlemen. But nothing of the Bort occurred, and hence the necessity of con- vening that meeting, to protest against ti» action of the Government and express their indignation at their claims being ignored. The Chairman then read the advertisement convening the meeting, and a number of of telegrams that he had received. Mr Alfred Bacon, of Gunnedah, telegraphed the result of a public meeting at Gunnedah on Friday night, when the proposal for the extension from Walgett to Mudgee was con- demned, and co- operation promised in every way. Mr. John Wade, of Dungog, prosiised to assist in every way that he could. Mr. A. E. Richardson, Mayor of Eaat Maitland, tele- graphed that he was very unwell and could not attend, and trusted that their efforts might avert an injustice to the Northern district unparalleled in the history of the colony. Mr. J. W. Pender telegraphed from Sydney, regretting his absence, say- ing that Sydney centralisation would ignore their just claims, and that they should insist on a line being constructed by private enterprise, wh'ch would reach Walgett, and they would be receiving dividends, whilst the Government were blasting the Mudgee rocks. The Mayor also apologised for the absence of Mr. Isaae Gorrick, who WBB very unwell, and Mr. J. J. Eiley, who was in Sydney. Mr. Jouir LEE, J.P. (John Lee and Co.), who was received with applause, said the proposal of the Government to connect the line of railway from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble was one fraught with so much disastrous consequences to most of the North and North-western portion of the colony that they were called upon to express their deep indignation and do what they could to prevent it. Mr. Dibbs in lay- ing the proposal before Parliament said the line from Mudgee to Walgett, 213 miles would cost £1,379,000, but he must have omitted to mention the cost for land to be re- sumed, ÜB he had in the city extensioa. They knew that for the first 20 miles the whole of the land waB in private hands, and that for 100 miles every available agricultural spot was in private hands. He thought he would not be out in saying that £50,000 would be required for land. There was also proposed a line from Penrith to Eylatone, to pre- vent the over-gorging of the mountain line, and at the same time other extensions were proposed to feed the Western line, al- ready over-gorged with goods trafile, so that it would be a moral certainty that the line would have to be doubled over the Blue Mountains ortheline from Penrith to'Eylstone constructed, which would require another £2,000,000. [Mr. BEUSKIB: A good deal more.] Adding these amounts together the cost wonld be £3,429,000. Mr. Dibbs in making the statement that if they made the extension from Narrabri, it would only be the meanB of bringing goods down to Newcastle, which would otherwise go to Sydney, muBt have been ignorant of the fact that a great deal of the wool and produce of the interior never saw Sydney at all, but was shipped direct from Newcastle to London, In answer to the statement of Mr. Dibbs that the line f'om Mudgee would be over first-class country he said they knew that the worst parts would cost £9000 a mile to construct and the best por- tion £5000, and out of the 100 miles ttere was scarcsly 20 that was not as rough aB »ny they would find in New South Wales. Tjey would hare to cut through deep mountain ranges and fill in the gorges. He condemned Mr. Dibbs making these misleading stite ments which were only on the authority of Sir John Eobertson, his political enemy. It only showed that when Mr. Dobs had once made up his mind nothing wouldde ter him from carrying it out. The speater here pointed out on a map prepared by ;he Eev. Mr. Tarrington, the different localiteB. From Narrabri to Walgett the distance vas 110 miles. For the whole distance thecounjy was such that the railway might be constric- ted more easily than any yet done-the Go- vernment say for £5,000 per mile; otier engineers say they could do it for £3,500 fer mile. Supposing it cost £é,000 per rqle, that would be £400,000 which they coild placo against the £3,500,000, which co\ld entail a debt'on them of £120,000 jer I annum in the shape .of interest for ¡ill time to come. Other proposals coild also be condemned on the score of extra*» ! gonce, butthey were now Bimply dealing .with the extension to Walgett. From Narrabri to Walgett the whole distance was through Government land, not Id. would have to be paid for it. There was on it some of the finest forest timber in the colony, and though the West was famishing for wood, yet the Government would not give them this material. While Coonamble was the only intervening town on the other route, from Narrabri there were Wee Waa, Pilliga, Goangra', and other towns that would be connected. Then on the score of humanity it waB necessary that the line should be taken from Nar rabri to enable owners to remove their stock in times of drought to the New England dis- trict, and to enable these districts to send fodder to the outlying western districts as had to be done in 1875. The idea of the Govern- ment was io send the whole trade to Sydney. He illustrated this by the map. Their fore fathers had from that district spread out, overcome the perils of the wilderness, de-, feated savage hordes, and planted their stock on these north-western distriots, and busi- ness relations Lad been established from the north with the Namoi, Barwon, and even out as far as Bourke, and the people still desired to carry them on, but the Government wished to drain away the whole of this from them. He had had the honor of pointing out to the Minister that true statesmanship demanded the exten- sion from Narrabri, or otherwise the voices of 100,000 people in these districts would be ignored, but it had been in vain. He was surprised to find that Mr. Stuart also only took a city of Sydney and Chamber of Com- merce view of the matter, and instead of lay- ing the foundation of a young and rising empire they were doing what they could to benefit Sydney only and large landowners. The speaker here read a strong article on the question from the Dubbo paper, and stated that the whole press of the colony were in accord with that meeting, and in favour of the extension from Narrabri to Walgett. The resolution he had to move was as follows : That this meeting condemns the proposal of the Ministry to construct a railway from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble, as being against the best interests of the whole colony, and regrets that the-just claims of the North and North-western districts have been ignored by the non- inclusion of a line from Narrabri to Walgett in their railway scheme. The reasons why he thought it should be adopted were - That the route from Mudgee to Walgett was too long, that it was the most costly ; that it would land them and their posterity in an enormous amount of taxation, £120,000 per annum. It ought also to be adopted because the proposal was a reckless one ; because fiat district, if the pro- posal was carried, would be robbed of its birth- right ; because it would destroy their national life, and not maintain a proper consideration for the ports of Port Jacksonand Newcastle. If they studied the future of this great country and it was to become a New Britian in the southern land, they would do all they could to adapt and open out their ports. The facts showed that the people in the north-western districts had forwarded their produce and received their supplies in this way and be asked them to adopt the reso- lution in duty to themselves as men and as fathers in duly to their children. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. MTOLEW said the district had never taken up a subject with such interest since the establishment of responsible Govern- ment. He contended that they had a clear right to growl. Thay had suffered from the apathy of their members and themselves long enough, and the whole of the district had taken up the cudgels in this fight. It was the old story of the worm at last turning. The people had Buffered especially in the railway arrange- ments-bad accommodation, double fareB, and in other ways. Most of the mem- bers were Bimply cats paws in the hands of the Government, who did what they liked, and now the people were determined to let them see that they had a voice in the matter. They had in their midst one of the grandest townsmen, Mr. Brunker-(applause) -who not only in that . hall, but in his place in the Assembly, would fight the battle for them. He would simply second the resolution, as he knew in the next speaker they would have an orator it would be a pleasure to hear. Mr. J. N. BEUHKEE, M.P., who on rising was received with continued applause, thanked the meeting for their hearty reception. He could not but feel it a support to him, who was occupied in the public work of the country, to have the ap- proval of that large and enthusiastic meeting. He expressed his pleaemre that at last the inhabitants of the whole northern district were arousing from their apathy, and were taking part in public matters, and by doing so they were rendering that assistance to those who represented them in Parliament which was essential to their success (hear, hear). He pointed out the difference between this country and old countries where the Government was settled, and everything arranged in perfect order. More depended upon _ them. He would be able to show convincingly from figures that not only had the people in that distoict neglected their interests, but that the present Government had failed in their duty to that portion ot the country, which occupied at present, and would probably for all time to come by its growth occupy a position which must be concurrent with the pro- gress of the colony (applause). With reference to the construction of the railway under consideration, it had the support not merely of the people in these districts, but it had the support of the whole press of the co- lony. He challenged anyone to produce a newspaper worthy of reading in the colony, that had not expreBBed the same views as tbey had that night. He felt somewhat fettered, because he held as a matter of policy that in the parliament was the proper place to deal with the question. But he would be unfettered so far as one portion of the policy waa concerned, and thought that he had a right to be so, because the omission of it affected not only their interests but that of the whole colony as taxpayers. He denied that in their action they were actuated only by motives of local interest. He would convince them that this railway they were advocating was not a new proposal. In a report issued by the Com- missioner of Kaiiways in 1882 there was, the map produced prepared to show the intentions with regard to railway construction, and in that map they would see that Walgett waB included in the Northern section (applause). They would see that it had always been the intention of the Government to endeavour to construct the railways, so as to do that which was essential to the best interests of the people, and that was to preserve the natural . course of traffic (applause). It was absolutely necessary in a country where there was such an absence of navigable rivers, that they should offer facilities to the people settled on to land to make their avocations profitable and productive. Now that they had broken down the mountain barriers, he considered that instead of constructing lines costing £10,000 to £16,000 per mile, it would be sufficient for them to construct lines costing £3000 to £5000 per mile, which they could readily imagine would consi- derably ease the burdens of the people. Now with reference to the manner this portion of the colony had been neglected in the way of railway construction. There were in the colony at the present time 2009 miles of rail- way open for traffic or in course of construc- tion. Of that number 1536 lead to Sydney - (Oh !) - while in the North there was only 473 miles. The proposals submitted to Parliament included 1422 miles, and out of that number 966 miles are subsidiaries to the Southern and Western lines, which are already over- burdened, and only 188 are to he connected with Newcastle. (Applause.) He asked them was it not time they bestirred themselves to look after their own interests. They would not merely have all this additional accommodation supplied in the south and west, but they would have to pay their pro- portion of the interest on the capitul spent in their construction. With reference to the proposed line from Mudgee to Walgett, he pointed out that all the blame should not be laid on the shoulders of Mr. Dibbs. He was responsible, and so was every Minister. All these proposals could not have been decided upon during the shortjtime Mr. Dibbs acted as the head of the Department. The whole of the Government was responsible. But If r Dibbs was reBponBible for the remarks that he made when submitting the railway policy. The speaker quoted from B.an>ard Mr. Dibbs' speech. He certainly thought Mr. Dibbs, knowing the 189 miles to Mudgee was a mis- take would not seek to add a further 213 miles, which would not render it any the more profitable. The whole route, except the last 92 miles, where it bordered on the plains of the Castlereagh, was most unprofit- able country. With reference to the remarks about the traffic otherwise going to the metropolis, he would like Mr. DibbB to be ashed, and indeed he would be called on to explain, how the traffic would go in thiB way. He would have to use stronger arguments why the line should be taken from Mudgee to Walget than he had yet used. But that was not all. There waa the statement of the poor land, which waB a libel on the country, and the statement of the good country between Mudgee and Walgett. The speaker was of opinion that not only these but all the railway proposals were not properly considered before they were submitted to Parliament, and he hoped before long to see an improvement, and sound estimates submitted. As a proof of thiB he pointed out that £200,000 had been expended on the line to Mudgee over the estimate, and another £175,000 was on the additional estimates, which was before the small earth- quake which caused 200,000 tons of Btone to fall on the line. He believed the traffic from Wallerawang to Mudgee was as hard on the rolling stock as it was over the Zig Zag. He challenged the Minister for Works, the present or any previous Government, or any member of the Parliament to find better country than that between Narrabri and Walgett. (Hear, hear.) He said this not only from observation, but from experience. He knew what the stations were capable of even now, and he could only illustrate their prosperity by a good season by comparing the present pros- perity of the Hunter with its position when Buffering from floods. He in- stanced the value of such stations as Gundemaine, Bool-Carroll, Wee Waa, Goangro, Yarraldool, Millie, Urie Urie, and others as of equal value to any in the colony : and he would say without fear of contradic- tion that it was as rich country as any they had in any part of the world (applause). He said that between Narrabri and Walgett and the surrounding country there were five million sheep, 200,000 cattle, 10,000 horses ; thoae figures were from the Statistical Register. He had estimated the return that might be derived from these in railway traffic. He thought it would have been more creditable for a Minister of the Crown to have given it credit for its produc- tiveness, than to mislead by describing it as the worst country in Australia (applause.) He had estimated the cost of a railway on the basis of a light line which it was estimated could be constructed at £3000 per mile. Such a railway heconsideredsufficientforalong time to come beyond Narrabri. To be under the estimate he has started the basis on £4000 per mile, which for 110 miles would cost £440,000. Two trains each day would travel 137,280 miles. The Commissioner's estimate for the expenses of running trains was 3s lOd, br eay 4B per mile, which would be £32,120. The interest on the capital at 4 per cent, would be £17,600, making the total working expenses and interest £49,720 per annum. The estimated returns would be-from Wal- gett to Narabri-Wool, 13,000 tons at 30s, £19,500; one million sheep at 9d, £37,500; 20,000 cattle at 6s, £6000; 1000 horses at 8s, £400, coaching traffic, carriage of mails, &c;, £12,000;-making a total for the up traffic of £65,400. From Narrabri to Walgett, the estimated traffic was-merchandise, say 15,000 tonB at 50s, £37,500; Btock traffic, £12,000; coaching traffic, mails, &c;, £12.000; total, £61,500. Total returns for the year both ways, £126,900; working expenses, £49,720 ; leav- ing a profit of £77,220. (Applause.) If this line was constructed it would enable the run holders to double the carrying capacities of their properties, not by enabling them to carry more per acre at a given time'; but by allowing them to send them away when fat, instead of having to wait as now till a sufficient number were ready to send away. If they continued to agitate they would get the line. (Applause.) They were only asking their rights (hear*, hear), and that which the interests of the occupants of the country demanded. He referred to the losses sustained through the Btock being starved during the last twelve months, which would have been save.d if this railway had been constructed, and pointed out the ad- vantages that would accrue by connecting Now England with our beat pastoral country. . Another matter of great im- portance was the facilities recently afforded tor shipping at Newcastle (applause.) The interests of Newcastle were so closely associated with their own that what -s- ', "jy ever tended to the prosperity of that city would improve every portion of the district. Over £1,000,000 hadalready been expended ia Newcastle in making facilities for shipping available, which were not available in any other portion of New South Wales, including Sydney. This season £10,000 would be saved to shippers hy sending wool and produce direct to London from Newcastle, and £57,000 was proposed to be voted to make the facilities still greater, but at the same time the Government wished to draw the traffic to another port (applause.) New- castle was the natural emporium of the noith and north-west, but they not only wished to draw the traffic away from it, over lineB already overburdened, but to overburden is still more by constructing 960 miles of additional railway, and at the same time, [were offering additional facilities for shipping at Newcastle. It would therefor© be seen that the action of this meeting was in the interests of the whole country (ap- plause). This was so plain that he was surprised that it was necessary for them to speak at all. They could not fail to see the course of traffic. It was right that they should point out the mistake of the Mi- nistry and put their shoulder to tbe wheel, and say that they (the people) had the power in their hands ; that they should use it if those in power failed to recognise the position. They should exercise the privileges they enjoy as Britons, and show the Government and the Parliament of the country that they were not apathetic, but energetic and worthy of the privileges that had been given them. (Con- tinued applause.) Mr. J. F. KEES had been a resident of the Mudgee district for 25 years, and he denied the statement that .had been made by the Ministry with reference to the good country between Mudgee and Walgett, and the bad country between Narrabri and Walgett. He described it as just the opposite. Mr. JOHN SAWYER said he was not acquainted with the country, but from the speeches he had heard it showed one of two things-the incapacity of the Ministry, or that there waB some more unworthy motive for spending the public money in such a manner, and the sooner a motion of want of confidence was tabled against them the better. The motion was put and carried unani- mously. Mr. B. W. LEVY (David Cohen and Co.) was received with applause. After the elo- quent way in which the previous resolution had been spoken to, the one placed in his hands would not require much from him to commend it to their acceptance. If they con- demned the proposal for the railway from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble, they should be prepared to point out some- thing better. They therfore said that the extension from Narrabri waB infinitely better than the one proposed by the Go- vernment, to some extent on the authority of the member for Mudgee. He had telegraphed to the Secretary to the Narrabri ¡Railway League for reliable information as to the routes, and be had received the following telegram :-" Bail way reserve mile wide the whole distance from Narrabri to Walgett. Timber scrub 60 miles in extent, ironbark and ' vN pine ; experts say the best in the colony ; Walgett solely dependent on it for buildings, and also the Government bridges ; ironbark being now drawn from Pilliga for the bridge over the Barwon. No rivers ; two very small creeks. Distance from Narrabri to Wal- gett 110 miles. Country from Narrabri past Wee Waa splendid black soil, rich myall plains for 50 miles. Prom Pilliga and on to Walgett belts of forest and plains of choclolate red Bandy wheat growing soil. Mudgee to Walgett, first 100 miles cost £9000 per mile ; thinly populated ; heavy engineering difficulties ; country is in- variably poor and of bad character. There are not 30 miles of first class country between Mudgee and Coonamble. Mudgee to Wal- gett 211 miles." The speaker commented on the information in this telegram and com- parted it with the statement of the Minister. What they wanted was justice, and to pre- vent their trade being taken from them and taken to Sydney. It waB sought to have the produce from the north-west shipped at Sydney instead of at Newcastle. He thought the reason of their proposal was that they might send home when borrowing the £14,000,000, that they had 2,009 miles of country. Was that so Mr. Brunker? [Mr. BBUNKEE: Prom the speech I think Europeans know more of the country than the Minister does.] He referred to the popu- lation of Wee Waa and Pilliga, and the rich districts surrounding them, and compared that to the rocky ridges around Mudgee. They would certainly get the rail- way, as they were only asking for justice, and justice they would have (applause). There could be plenty of wheat grown in the district out from Narrabri, and they could show that they were not borrowing from one pocket without being able to pay it into the other. He referred to the intention being to take the railway on the way they proposed in 1882, as so conclusively shown by Mr. Brunker, and the only thing he could see that induced the Government to alter that, was that a gross job had been perpetrated, and to enable them to make that pay it was necessary to perpetrate a further job. They said it was just as necessary now as two years ago, and they had a right to point it out. He pointed out the good that would be effected in times of drought by saving stock from starvation by being able to trans- port them to New England. He also pointed out that it was proposed to reduce their trade from New England by taking the trade from Glen Innes to Grafton. He concluded by moving the resolution as follows That in the opinion of this meeting Walgett and its surrounding districts is entitled toimmediate railway communication, which should be by ex- tension of the North-western line from Narrabri ; and no other lino will meet the just require» ments of the couutry. (Applause.) 'Mr. H. J. ADAMS thought that after the able speeches they had heard there was very little for him to say. He knew the couatry well, having traversed nearly every yard of it between Narrabri and Walgett, and he could say that it bore a very great contrast to the barren, ridgy country on the Mudgee side, for the most part. Much of the land on the Walgett route was magnificent. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolu- tion. (Cheers.) The Eev. W. H. H. YABBIWGTOW, who was received with loud applause, said he should certainly not detain them long, as feur moro resolutions were to follow. He was there that night because be felt a deep interest in the question. (Cheers.) He had attended the first meeting held in Maitland on the subject, and had been invited to be present that nightin order that he might say a few words in sup- port of the resolution; and he sincerely trusted that they would not feel that he was out of place as a clergyman. He felt that a clergyman had no right to take part in party politics-no immediate interest in contested elections that may caUBe party feeling, but in a wide, broad question for the benefit of the colony he ought to take a sincere and en- lightened view. (Cheers.) They believed that the Ministry had made a great mistake. And he thought they need not for one moment hesitate to express their opinion that the policy of the Government was opposed to local interests-to tbe interests of the whole district, for not only would West Maitland Buffer if such a policy were carried out, but other towns in the Northern district would also suffer, and he did not see why they should be ashamed to acknowledge that such .was the case ; for every influence was being brought to bear elsewhere on the Government and the Parliament. He spoke with the greatest freedom for he wau not interested commercially, yet he should teel it »ery Btrongly if the district suffered through a mistaken policy, The principle of centrali- sation was a mistake. He thought it waa a great mistake for all the interests of the colony to be centered in one point. If one part was diseased all the parts suffered. If in this policy a great part of the interests of New South Wales was ignored the whole must suffer. Every part ought to be studied. (CheerB.) The line they advocated was much shorter than the Mudgee route, the expense of which would be enormous, and the country between Narrabri and Walgett was superior. Why did the Government propose that the line should be taken from Mudgee to Walgett ? He thought they would find the reason in Mr. Dibbs' speech. Was there much to be said in favor of the line from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble ? Mr. Dibbs said : "I will only say in passing, that if the line to the western border of this colony is not to be carried by way of Mudgee ; if the space bet- ween the lines of railway already formed ia not to be divided in the manner which is pro- posed, from Mudgee to Walgett via Coon- amble, then the line to Mudgee waB a mis- take." So the idea which has governed them is to divide the space between the two lines, and that was the strong reason shadowed forth by Mr. Dibbs. (Cheers ) He maintained that it was unnecessary to divide the space, The greatest distance between the space [which the rev. gentleman explained by the aid of a map] was only sixty miles, and he contended that it was absurd to construct trunk lines where the distances were so short. The Mudgee rail- way was a mistake from the beginning, and in order to rectify that mistake the Govern- ment were going to make a further, greater mistake. The idea shadowed forth was that there should be three great systems-the Southern, the Great Northern leading to Queensland, and the Wes- tern. If they were to have trunk linos sq close as thë\Goverument proposed why not follow the principle tip so as to have New South Wales divided, JfeyN trunk lines of a similar distance. Why it wes absurd. The railways would be like a gridiron. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) They must by guided by wise policy. He wished to read a few words from the Sydney Morning Herald on the subject; they were words of wisdom. A leading article in the Herald of the 25th September contained the following: "There is much to be said in fa- vour of the line from Mudgee to Wal- gett, but the argument unless the line goes beyond Mudgee it ought not to have been taken there is a very poor one. Nor do we attach much importance to the consideration that the route is the shortest to Sydney. In regard to this part of the proposals, the dis- cussion should turn on the possible pro- ductiveness of the country beyond Mudgee and the relative cost of the different routes proposed. The argument that by construct- ing a line to Coonamble and from thence to Walgett we should secura a fairer distribution of railway facilities, IB certainly one that ought not to be overlooked." There was the opinion of the Sydney Morning Herald. Now he did not pin his faith to all the Sydney Morning Herald said, but those remarks had evidently been well considered, and they were from the leading journal of thiB colony. (Cheers.) Already an enormous amount of money was being expended in the construction of a line from Sydney to the north from Homebush to Waratah, and if the proposal of the Government " was carried out then it must neutralise that expenditure. What was to feed the line? He did not think that the reason why it was constructed WBB that the unpleasantness of the sea voyage should be avoided, but rather to nourish the Northern district and add to the prosperity of the colony. It may be said that the reason the line was con- structed was because it waa the natural course for traffic and goods between Sydney and Queensland. Then why should a line be tapped as now proposed by the Government. He thought the Government were under a great mistake in proposing the line between Wal- gett and Mudgee, which would have to pass so much bad country, while that from Nar- rabri to Walgett would go through BO much good land. ' He had muoh pleasure in sup- porting the resolution, and he hoped they would carry the day. (Cheers.) Mr. J. W. BOWES, Mayor of Morpeth, would not detain the meeting long as he had to leave for Morpeth, He was there to openly express his sympathy in favor of the movement. (Cheers.) He appeared there as representative of a people deeply interested in the movement-the residents of Morpeth ; and the meeting could rest assured that any- thing they could do to further it would most cordially be done. He had great pleasure in supporting the motion. (Cheers.) Mr. FBEDEBICK MTOEB said he was sur- prised at the proposal of the Government to construct the line between Mudgee and Walgett. It would appear to him to be more of an opposition line to the existing western lines-(hear, hear)-because for a considerable distance the two would runalmost parallel, and in places would be not fifty miles apart. After crossing the Castlereagh River at Mundoora some would nob meet with a township or scarcely any habitation till he reached Coonamble, some eighty or ninety miles distant. The same may be said o£ the line from Coonamble to Walgett, the country being almost exclusively pastoral. If on reference to the map of the colony we were to mark a line from Coonamble to -Narrabri, and another from Coonamble west ward to the Bogan river, the same remarks I would apply to the whole of that vast extent of country northward of those lineB until the Barwon river was reached. Then, he would ask, where are we to obtain traffic sufficient to support the proposed line? He maintained that a purely pastoral country would not support an extensive line of railway such as the one suggested, that from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble, and he had no hesitation in saying from his own knowledge of the country that if the lines from Narrabri to Walgett and from Dubbo to Coonamble were constructed they would better answer the requirements of the north- ern district. (Cheers.) The coBt would be considerably less and their construction would be more expeditious ; the former line would be more quiekly available for the trafile of the vast north-weBtern interior, while the latter would meat all the requirements of the northern portion of the Castlereagh district. He supported the resolution. (Applause.) The motion was unanimously approved. Mr. JAMES PBITCHABD moved "That the Northern Railway League be requested to obtain the assistance of the members of the Asaembly, in thwarting the proposals of thu prcpsnt Ministry, and to urge upon the House the just claims of this portion of the colony." He supposed that were it not for the great importance of the subject and the eloquence of the speakers they could hardly have ex- pected an audience at that hour. Therefore he could not attempt to touch the ground taken up by the previous speakers. He thought that every person in the meeting must have come to the conclusion that the proposed railway extension of the Govern- ment would be a very great blunder, if not a crime. (Hear, hear.) If it were not for the political apathy of the people generally-be- cause it was almost impossible to get a strong expression of public opinion on political matters except at an election-had more political activity been shown, and had the people been more fully alive to their own interests the Mudgee railway as constructed would never have been earried out. He hoped they would see the necessity as free citizens of taking a sincere and intelligent interest in the present move- ment-would see that the schemes of political rings and of capitalists combined would be no longer endured to the injury and stoppage of the prosperity of the colony. If there had been less lukewarmneBs and more out- spoken opinion at the time the Mudgee vote was passed-had public opinion been roused and properly applied it must have bad the desired effect, and he believed the injury would not have been perpetrated. And they would not have [gentlemen who held the purse strings to a large extent tell- ing the people of New South Wales that be- cause a mistake had been made a line was to be constructed which would prove a greater mistake-(cheers)-in order to make things come right, in the opinion of those gentlemen. Now he had but little doubt that the object the meeting sought to attain would be achieved. He felt that after public attention had been aroused, and the people were getting pretty well Btirred up on the subject, that such a feeling wouldbebroughtto bear that no Minis- try would be able to carry the proposal. He wanted to point out that those gentlemen coolly and deliberately brought forward the scheme. They had not done it ignorantly ; they knew perfectly well what they were pro- posing, but he supposed according to cus- tom it was necessary to keep the matter quiet till the time arrived when it should be publicly announced. Previous to the announcement petitions, largely andinfluentially signed, were presented to the Minister, and from time to time enthusiastic public meetings were held, and the people had done all they could do to make the members understand what their wishes were. All the facts were brought prominently forward, and the gentlemen knew this, but pro- bably thought they could trade on the dullness and apathy of the members and perpetrate another gigantic blunder. He did not believe that the Government were right in that view, bat had made a great mistake, for he believed that there were quité enough honest, independent members who would put their foot on such a proposal, even though many may represented Sydney. The true policy for the advancement of the colony was to legislate so as to induce a fair, equitable settlement on the lands of the colony, and not one of centralisa- tion, which massed ali human beings into one centre, Sydney, to the utter injury of the colony. (Cheers.) There had been something said and written lately as to the relative position of a member to his consti- tuents. Yery much might be said on the subject as to its theoretical aspect, and also as to its practical application. He thought that the meeting would go with him so far as to say that though a member may not be bound against reason-and he did not admit that members should be led away by mere clamour-there should be jastice and political honesty, and members should try and represent the opinions of the people. (Hear, hear.) The gentleman who has the honor to represent this constituency most distinctly affirmed in his last nomination speech-and it was no new sheme, as Mr. Brunker had told them that it was suggested in 1882-declared before an assembled mul- titude that he was in favor of the line from Narrabri to Walgett, and if he had the honor to represent them he would do all he could to achieve the object, (Cheers.) There should be such a thing as political honesty. When a gentleman stood before an intelligent community and enunciated his viewB and declared his inten- tions he ought, unless the circumstances have materially changed, to keep faith with the people. Have the circumstances changed? Their member's position had only changed. And he was not alone. There was another member of the Northern district who rejoiced in the name of Abbott. He thought with all respect that it was his duty to look after the interests of his people. There was a third gentleman, Mr. Parnell, who was in the Ministry, and represented a_ northern constituency. If the Northern district ever had a fair chance of getting justice it should be now. Was such condnct honest, kind, consistent ? (No, no.) He had said nothing in a spiteful feeling ; he had merely spoken in a public manner of gentlemen in their public capacity. When the proper time came he would be able to show some theorists who were fond of drawing cobweb, ghost-like ideas how easily they could be made to vanish in the thin air. He felt certain that theil advocacy would be successful. It was necessary that the people should be'true to themselves, and interest hemflelveB in the movement. (Applause.) ' Mr. JOHN BOTJBKE seconded. There had been Borne wisdom on the part of the com- mittee in askiog gentlemen with a know- ledge of the country to speak. A gentleman who knew the country between Mudgee and Walgett had told them that the line from Mudgee to Walgett via Coonamble waa very poor; in fact that horses had had to be fed in some parts on kurra- jong leaves. He had the pleasure of travelling to and fro between Narrabri and Walgett, and he could tell them they had no need to resort to that kind of feed for horses. (Hear, hear.) Stock fed on capital pastures. He had an opportunity of a trip between Sydney and Melbourne and he had seen nothing to com- pare with the country between Narrabri and Walgett. [Mr. BBTOKER : Hear, hear.] So far as the Narrabri-Walgett route was con- cerned there were no engineering difficulties, and the railway could he constructed at a low cost, and naturally and geographically that route was the proper one. Newcastle was the natural port for the Northern district, and they were enabled to get out goods direct from London. That was the great reason why Sydney would be opposed to that route. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the time was not far distant when they would have persons with sufficient public spirit to have a class of speedy ocean carrying ships to take their wool home direct from Newcastle, and to have goods brought out regularly to that port. If they pursued the present movement to the end he felt confident that they would ultimately succeed. It afforded him great pleasure to second the resolution. (Ap- plause.) The resolution was carried nem. eon. Mr. HESBÏ TBEKCHAED (Bank of Austra- lasia) said that the resolution placed in his hands to move was as follows : " Thnt the petition, as read.'embodying the above views, be now adopted, and the Mayors of West and East Maitland and Morpeth, be em- powered to sign the same on behalf of this meeting, and that the member for East Maitland, Mr. J. N. Brunker, be requested to present it to the Assembly." That was the natural outcome of the business of that evening. They had heard at consider- able length the different arguments used in favour of the line, and he thought they would agree with him that the petition, which he would read, would to a large extent, contain the views that had been expressed. The petition read To the Honorable tht legttlattve Assembly of the Colony of New South Wales, in Parliament assembled. We, the citizens of West and East Maitland, Morpeth, and surrounding districts, by the signa- tures of the Mayors of our respective Municipalities, added hereto by authority of a large and influential public meeting, humbly petition your Honorable H JUBB, that when taking into consideration the proposals of the Honorable the Minister of Works for the extension of our national railways, they will recognise the great and lasting injury that will be done the whole of the northern portion of the colony if the proposal to ex ten J the line from Mudgee to Walgett, via Cooc amble, is sanctioned by Pnrlinment. four petitioners are of opinion that the only ex- tension that will meet the trade and requirements of the Walgett district is by way of Narrabri, Wee Waa and Pilliga, and that of Coonamble by connec- tion with the western line at Dubbo, and, therefore, pray, in the wisdom of yout Honorable House, those lines may be authorised in lieu thereof. Tour petitioners humbly sheweth (let.) That the valley of Hunter River waa almost tlie Arat portion of the colony settled by an enteprising population of agriculturists and graziers; that its early residests crossed the Liverpool Range, reaching the table lands of New Eiglsnd, and, pushing west- ward, extended their explorations to the head waters of the Namoi, and thonce to ils junotion with the Barwon at Walgett, opening up one of the richest districts of the colony, the trade to and from which hits always been conducted with and through the towns on the Great Northern Railway and the port of Newcastle. Should the proposed line from Mudgee be sanctioned, this trade will be diverted from its usual and proper channel, (9nd.) Tour petitioners would respectfully bring under the notice of your Honorable House thnt whereas Walgett is only HO miles from Narrabri the connection with Mudgee would necessitate the construction of 213 miles of railway ; the former line being through level country without any engineering difficulties, aud therefore inexpensi- vely constructed, whereas the latter line must pass over a mountainous district at great expense, the awi' g to the colony in the cost of construction being nearly half-a-mlllion, after making provision for the line from Dubbo to Cooi amble. Should the pro- posed line be authorised it would come into direct competition with both the G< eat Northern and Wes- tern lines, thereby increasing the working ex- penditure and reducing the income derived from those lines. The traffic of the whole of the western portion of (he colony would also be concentrated apon the mountain line between Wallerawang and Penrith, further entailing a large working expenditure and delay, whereas by the Northern line the traffic would reach the metropolis by the railway now being constructed from Home- bush to Waratah. (3rd.) Your petitioners would press upon the at- tention^ of your Honorable House the necessity of connecting, in aa direct a manner as possible, the rich plains of the West (which unfortunately are subject to periods of disastrous drought) with the elevated tablelands of New England, which in such reasons are able to graze a large quantity of stock. Had such a railway been available durinp the paBt season the colony would have been saved a heavy loss. (4th.) Tour petitioners trust that your Honorable House will not sanction the proposal of the Govern- ment in this particular, but will authorise the exten- sion from Narrabri to Walgett, for the following reasons :-That it is the most direct and nearest route to the seaboard; that it will require less outlay than any other route, and eau b» com- pleted in much shorter time; that it will pass through some of the richest land in the colony ; that it will add no burthen to the country as it will unquestionably yield a return over and above the interest on lbs capital invested and working ex- penses ; that it will prevent a great injustice bein» done to the northern district by diverting its legit? mate trade. That it will directly connect the rich lands of the Hunter River, adapted from its greater rainfall for agricultural purposes, with the rich plains of the west, subject to periods of drought. Also tue connection of Coonamble with the western line at Dubbo, again retaining the trade of that district in its proper and legitimate channel, by an inexpensive line of railway In lieu.of the expen- sive one proposed from Mudgee. And your petitioners will ever pray, etu. He thought the petition pretty well met the views expressed. He felt that they had jus- tice on their side, and must succeed. He had lately been in the enemy's camp, having attended the opening of the railway to Mud- gee. If the country was only half as bad beyond as it was to Mudgee it would be a disgrace to make the proposed line. Mr. Taylor told the persons assembled that they were celebrating one of the greatest events in the history of Mudgee-the connexion of the interior of the metropolis with the metropolis of the interior (laughter), Mr.Taylor further said that the rain that waa falling that day was the baptism of Heaven on "the cere- mony. He iel t, although it would have been out of place for him to have said so there, that it was the tears of Heaven for the iniquity that waB perpetrated. (Cheero.) Hi they had heard the tall talk at Mudgee they would not have wondered at the efforts made to concen- trate the trade to the metropolis of the in- terior, ' /' Mr. E. W. THOUPSOTT seconded. It was unconscionable time to commence an address. If they stopped a little longer thay would be ready for early prayers. He would commence by referring them to views expressed by a candidate who appeared before them in the month of December, 1882. That gentleman delivered himself as follows in regard to the route they were advocating :-." He was en- tirely in favour of a progressive railway policy, and it was very gratifying to find our railways had become such a valuable national property. Apart from the profits derived from their working, there were the substantial indirect benefits they conferred. In connexion with future extensions, he had come to the con- clusion that Walgett should be connected with Narrabri, and not with Dubbo by way of Coonamble. There was a natural connexion between West Maitland and Walgett; com- mercial ties of long standing existed ; it was from West Maitland that the district largely received its Bupplies ; and improved means of communication should keep the traffic in its old channel. If returned, he should certainly advocate that route." It might be thought that he had made those re- marks. He did, but not in those terms ; it was somebody else. The gentleman who gave expression to those views, and who was with himself and others on the question, was their present member, the Hon. H. E. Cohen. (Cheers.) It seemed that he had reason to change his opinion. Whether the sweets of office had bound him over in soft chains to his colleagues or whether he had turned his coat, the speaker could not say. They certainly had a right to hear an explanation from him if he had changed his opinions, and it was necessary that they should have good reasons if he waB prepared to pin his faith to a line that would cost nearly three times as much as the one he had previously advocated when wooing the electora of West Maitland. (Hear, hear.) If there was any change of opinion an explana- tion was certainly due. He suggested that the ministry were probably influenced in the matter by the fact that the three members for Mudgee were great opponents of the Govern- ment. That might be a motive, for the pro- posal was against everything reasonable and just. It was probably a sop thrown eut to catch the Mudgee members' votes. He con- tended that the Narrabri-Walgett rail way was the most practicable. On the other route there we several creeks to croBB, whereas between Narrabri and Walgett they had only to cross the head of one creek, and it was well known that the greater portion of the Mudgee country was not fit to feed a billy- goat on. It struck him that the Government would be perpetrat- ing a far greater blunder than the one in the first instance if they adopted this proposal. He begged to second the resolution. (Applause.) The motion was unanimously assented to. Mr. JAMES D. PBENTICE (of Messrs. Wolfe, Gorrick, and Co.) said brevity was the soul of wit, and at that late hour he would certainly be brief. The resolution which had been entrusted to him was as follows: "That this meeting recognises the claims of Coonamble to railway communi- cation hy connection with the western line at i Dubbo." Some would doubtless wonder why [ this resolution was upon the business paper I at all, but he would point out that it became a necessity inasmuch aB we were not justified in farthering our own cause to the injury of our neighbours. (Hear, hear.) It must be borne in mind that Coonamble had been promised railway communication, and this was sought to be fulfilled by the Government proposal to extend the Mudgee line via Coon- amble to Walgett. That meeting was held for the purpose of advocating an extention of the line from Narrabri to Walgett, and if success- ful it would be the means of cutting off Coon- amble-which would be unjust-unless the Government decided to connect that town with Mudgee in preference to Dubbo, which could not be permitted for several reasons. In the first place because the country be- tween Goonambi« and Mudgee was, as had been clearly proved, of a very poor descrip- tion on the whole, while that between Coo amble and Dubbo was of an excellent charac- ter in nearly every respect. (Cheers.) Secondly, because the natural outlet of trade was with Dubbo and should not be severed. Then as to cost: the esti- mated cost of construction of line from Mud- gee to Coonamble, one hundred and forty-five miles was £1,137,000, the first 100 miles at '£9350 per mile and the second 45 miles at £4500; and that from Coonamble to Dubbo, 90 miles at £4500 per mile, £414,000 being a difference of £723,000, or nearly three quarters of a million more than the line from Coonamble to Dubbo, which at 4 per cent, was £30,000 per annum. Then there were other reasons on the score of distance. The distance from Coonamble to Sydney via Dubbo is 370 miles ; and from Coonamble to Sydney via Mudgee 335 miles, shewing that in order to save 35 miles to Sydney by connexion with Mudgee, an hour and a half's journey, theicountry was to be saddled with an addi- tional sum of £723,000. Then let them take thecosfc of both lines. The estimated cost of a line from Mudgee to Coonamble and Wal- gett waB £1,379,000, while the cost of the lines from Narrabri to Walgett and from Coonamble to Dubbo, the lines they were advocating, was £854,000, proving that the two lines advocated that night c ould be constructed at a saving of £525,000 to the colony. (Loud cheers). Por those reasons i thek it was better for the colony that Coonamble and Dubbo should be connected, aB ^gainst Coonamble and Mudgee. One great reason that had struck him why the north weitern line should be extended from Narra brijto Walgett was this : hitherto that line has been the best paying line in the colony, caused doubtless by the amount of traffic coming from Walgett and the large surround- ing districts, whereas if that business was tacked on to the Sydney line it waB to be feared that the Great Northern and North- western lines would not be even self-support- ing (Mr. BETOKEB: Hear, hear.) If the geieral railway policy of the Government be carried into effect by which the business ofithe country will gravitate to Sydney, additional taxation would most uaquestion abjy be resorted to, in which case the Syïney residents and property-holders will rejp their reward in the shape of an income ant property tax to which they recently shfwed so much opposition. (Applause.) Mr. W. T. Poraroir seconded. jChe resolution was agreed to. fir. E. A. YOUNG in a brief speech moved " rat this meeting desires to accord a sincere vote of thanks to the Press of the colony generally for tbe etraightlorward and honourable course pursued ia placing before the country the fallftcieo of the proposed Mudgee-Walgete rail- way scheme, and pointing oat the advantages of the romtes we support, namely, Narrabri to Walgett and Coonamble to Dubbo." Mr. J. N. BBTJNKEE, M.L.A., had very much pleasure in seconding the resolution. He was sure that not ouly the residents of the northern district, but of the whole colony felt thankful to the press for its action in the matter. He would read to tbem a para- graph contributed to the Dubbo Dispatch, by " Will Honeycomb" : On the Estimate» aleo is « item-" Wallerawang to Mudgee, further sum, ÜI57.00U." What doos this mean? Some moro tinkering to the " white eleph- ant"-some more expense. When shall we know what this line IIBB cost. I'm frightened, we are only at the becinriing of the trouble, that land slip and these 2000 tons of rock that fell across the rails lost Saturday give us a foretaste of the pleasures ro come. The line was built as cheaply as possible- the cut- tings being sheer straight instead of sloping-in order not to frighten the House. It has C"8t nearly .£200,000 more than estimated-then there is this ÜI67.0U0, followed by the little earthquake. Poor New South WBIBS-happy laud to possess mioia'ers who, not co .tent to give it a_ Mud gee- Wallerawong railway, are doing their best to provide Polly No. 2 in the shape of the Mudgee-Walgeit railway Regarding the Mudgee Wallerawang railway, a writer in tht- l^adicg Queens- land piper says :-" The line to Mudgee branches off from the Great Western in a northern direction at a point which is about ninety miles irom Sydney. From this point lo Mudgee is about ninety miles. Much of the country whiob the line traverses is as wild and as barren as the Blue Mountains. There is no intermediate territory that would lead any- body io think of the construction of a railway, The Mudgee line has been constructed for Mudgee. The line has cost nearly a million sterling. As well as being a costly line to construct it will prove a costly one to work. Nobody expects that it will pay ; it may be doubted whether it will pay working expenses. 8«me of the critics predict that it will not pay for the greasing of the wheels of the carriages, For a long time to come, at »11 events, the country generally will have to contribute a very liberal sum towards the luxuries of Mudgee. The explanation is that Mudgee has generally been wise enough to choose either men of influence or men of daring as her representatives Both Sir HeBry Parkes and Sir John .Robert- son have represented Mudgee ; the latter represents It now. At this momeat the three most remarkable men in the House have been sent there by Mudgee. The men who have been honored by Mudgee have stuck to it, hence the railway. People who claim to call things by their right names declare it to be a job-" It would be a pity to spoil this by adding to it one word, beyond, saying that if the line is ex- tended from Mudgee to Walgett some person in the future will be writing similarly about it. He seconded the resolution in order to sub- mit to them that paragraph, which he hoped they would have the opportunity of reading in the Mercury on Tuesday. Carried unanimously. Mr. HyndeB vacated the chair, at the inst- ance of Mr. YOUNG, and it was filled by Mr. John Lee. A very hearty vote of thanks w/is accorded to the Mayor, on the motion of Mr. TOTTK», seconded by Mr. B. W. LEVT; and at the call of Mr. LEE three hearty cheers were given for Mr. Brunker! The proceedings ended about twenty minutes past 11 o'clook. 