THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Johann Gung'l, famous at one time as the composer of popular waltzes, recently died in Hungary. Some fiddling pays. Abbey gives Joachim £12j000 for one hundred concerts in the United States. By submitting to an operation for excision of the uvula, M. Stephane, a Parisian tenor, has gained much in force and brilliancy of voice. Mr. Justin McCarthy, not content with political and literary distinction, aspires to shine as a dramatist, and is preparing an acting version of his novel, " The Maid of Athens." Lydia Cowell is playing successfully as Jo at the London Standard Theatre in another adaptation of "Bleak House" entitled "Jo, the Outcast," from the pen of Mr. James Mortimer. Two apparently full-blooded French negroes, M.M. Ga-.'r^et and Damare, have become members of our Theatre Royal orchestra, They are very fine performers on the cornet and flute. It is intended to produce Dumas' adaptation of " Hamlet" at the Com^die Fran9aise, with Mounet-Sully as the Prince. Mounet- Sully was a most boisterously potential actor not so long ago; but, thanks principally to the patience and insistence of Got, the veteran doyen — this loud but clever socielaire has toned down considerably of late years. Seat plans and elevations of anew National Opera House to be erected by Mr. J. H. Mapleson, on the Victoria Embankment, have been delivered. They provide for 460 orchestral and 440 balcony stalls, 90 private boxes on three tiers, 500 amphitheatre stalls, and 860 amphitheatre seats, bouquet and music counters, a spacious foyer, royal apartments, a lady's boudoir, and a smoking room. The Alliambra, home of gorgeous spectacle, comic opera, and lavish legs, has arisen from its ashes gaily decorated in the Moorish Arabesque style; fireproof as any theatre can possibly be, but extra draughty in consequence. The opening performance consisted of an address spoken by Fred Mervin, and a fairy spectacular opera written by G. R. Sims, and composed by Frederic Clay, one of the cleverest English musicians. It took four and a half hours to get through the bill. Much of the music is voted even too good for an Alhambra audience, an unaccompanied fisher-folks song—" We hardy sons and daughters of every sea-girt land"—being exquisitely conceived and harmonized. It is sad to Know that the terrible strain and anxiety consequent on overseeing the preparation of so important a production expedited a paralytic stroke, from the effects of which Frederic Clay was lying in a critical condition when the mail left. Not only had he to undertake the heavy work incidental to the score, but he conducted the band rehearsals, and was present with Mr. Sims at all other rehearsals. These frequently lasted from 6 in the evening till 5 the next morning. Mr. Clay stepped out of the conductor's chair after tbe first performance with a sigh of relief. " Thank God," he said to Mr. Sims, we've pulled it through without a hitch, old man; to-morrow we can sit in easy chairs and take life quietly- again." And on the morrow, at the restful time anticipated, he reeled stricken into the arms of his collaborateur. It is some time since W. J. Holloway paid 300 for the questionable pleasure of punchng a dramatic critic. Though his name no onger rolls in majestic cadence from local lympians, at Ballarat there is no cessation of the mighty sound. Holloway has prospered and made money, and hortly visits the old country in earch of dramas for his Australian ublic. In a recent issue of the Courier, owever, "A Ballarat Playgoer since 1S55" hits our ancient theatrical acquaintance hard n soft places. If one persuasion more than another pervades W. J, H.'s cerebral organism, it is thathe (W. J. H.) is the one " poor player" alive specially created and adopted by a generous Providence for the absolute realization of love-lorn Romeo. Says the cruel "Playgoer:"—"I should like to see him again in 'Macbeth.' . . . I think next to Marc Antony and the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' it is his best part, and much more suited to him than Romeo or Hamlet." Further on, " Miss Essie Jenyns is a pretty but very weak Partnenia. . . . And I think the management should be careful how they thruBt Miss Jenyns into parts beyond her present strength, but wait till her powers are more developed, I am sorry that Mr. Holloway should think that the drama requires such backing up as ' Colonel* Ike Austin can give it, ana think it degrades it." There is much raw truth, however, mixed in these remarks. Austin is, of course, the exhibition rifle-shot. Strange to say Wybert Reeve engaged Austin lately at Sydney. t e sw o g w sutscbtoA 