LITERATURE. MOTHER AND ORPHANS * Tbe author of this volume of poems, who is described in his title-page as vicar of St Michael's, South wark, has a very strange idea of poetry. He is careful to explain that he has followed the example of the modern .Greeks in marking accents over their words, to help the reader in time and rhythm. If it is, desired to see what is the result, and what kind of verbal music Dr. Ilibbert Newton succeeds in producing by the aids of accents and apostrophes, <fcc, on which he lays so much stress, here is an example taken from what we dimly gather to be a polemic poem directed against some Quaker politician— perhaps Mr. Bright •'Read—Christ toadminister'd oath did reply See the words ' I adjure tliee' " " what's that to me? Friend, if thou see'st, I too have an eye To see 'I adjure thee'—still, 'I don't sec.'" —Matt, xxvi., 63. There is evidently in this some awful satire, almost too deep for utterance, that would be very effective if it were not, happily, unin telligible. The poem which gives name to the volume, Mother and Orphams, with Glimpses of Spirit-land, appears, so far as we can understand it—which we confess is very imperfectly—to be based on the theory of apparitions, in which the author, in a pre fatory' notice, professes himself to be a firm believer. He also cites a number of highly-1 authenticated instances of ghosts and appari tions, and altogether in this matter shows himself foolish and credulous even be yond the large measure permissible in a beneficed clergyman. He quotes a letter, apparently of his own composition, vin dicating the genuineness of table-rap ping, and attributing it to the agency of demons. As consistency is always admir able, it is pleasant to find that Dr. Newton is also a believer in the comical "Anglo-Israel" craze. The reverend gentleman has devoted a large quantity of uncouth doggrel to the political events of the day, from which we dimly gather that he is a Tory of the good old true blue pattern. He also writes of " The Power and Mission of Epic Poetry," but after reading his own examples of poetry, we do not estimate very highly his authority in a matter of this kind. Altogether, the book is one of the most lamentable examples of folly and conceit it has for a long time been our lot to come across. In his preface the author says, "I desire to state, in justice to myself, that my life-work is not in this book. It is in the poem titled, The Triumph of Israel andtheFallofBabylon." Wenotetbestatement, and mean to shun " The Triumph of Israel" as a bore and a nuisance. If any reader thinks that we have spoken too severely of the ribald rubbish of this writer, let him read the following extract from the lines he penned " after reading in the papers that a statue was ordered to be set np at Missolunghi in hononr of Lord Byron," and of his gene rous devotion to the cause of Greek freedom. This is what our author has to Bay of the noble effort of Byron to atone for the many errors of his life :— " Benown'd Missolunghi, he reached thee to die— j His last will a ' free love' (or a freedom's domain. Slave! chain'd to thy lusts, in a ' love,' thy last lie. Thou tenderedst freedom in clanking thy chain. .. At the foot of bis statue, ye Greeks ! pi ease inscribe ' Still let me love'—for this liberty speaks, That he wearied of Italy's wives, to imbibe Full draughts of a freedom for wives of the Greeks." 