official notifications. (From Saturday's Government Oaxette.J Education Depabtmbht. — Annie Chnrlotto Durietz to be transferred to the position of as sistant teacher in tho State rchool at Two-milo Qympie ; Rlizsbeth Windle to be transferred to the position of atsiatant teaohcr :n I he State school at Yeulba. Tendbhs Callsd Fob. — By the Works Department - For lauds office, -ngnum; for UDTI I/Ulllk 1UI lUieglU|JU LfOUtfj H1UUHUU j IV! additions in publio buildings, Drayton ; for re pairs to Lunatic Asylum, Woogiroo ; for cleaning earthclosets, publio ofiice;, Brisbane. By the Railway Tefartment — FroBh tenders for the construction of thn 'Kilkivan branch railway. By Iho Department of Public In struction—For claui ing. and attending to earth clo.-eU attached to the State school], BrUbauo and Buburbs. 1 ended / coeptbd. — E. and J. Headland, for tho erection of shelter shrd« and sfBcos, Lojun branch railway; anuunt, £320 TO BE COJIMISSIONBBS V -K ABFIDiTtT8.~ Jam?* Robert Crirland, solicitor, W-»gga Wagga ; Henry Boyle, solicitor, Warwick ; H .ward S;. Goorgo, P.M., Arftmao-; Martin -/J)onohue, C.P.S., Geraldton ; William ITeury Baker, Bo-uitor, Nowcaatlc, Pew Soiah Wales ; Hdwin George Jelli^oe, solicitor, Swancou, WaleB ; John Bichard Kdwards, solicitor, Don iliquin; Judah Moss Sjlomon, solicitor, Ado [aide: Mapnuv Jensen. aolici:or. Gvmuie. A tbli;gium informs ub tba1. in Victoria they are proposing to form a bicycle corpi in connection with the dofenoe fotot. We rathsr approve of this idea, and can s«e many ways in which the bioyclo can be advantageously uB-sd in warfare. Thero is a stealthy, cat like stjle ubout bicycle riders, that eminently Uta them for skirmishing. The trend of soldier*, -isw- erer eolt it may be made, ia at onco heard by the enemy on near aparoach. Brisbane jiedes trians can vouch for it that there ii no hearing a bicycle until it is upon them What a panic a squadron of l.icycles coming up ghost-like in the durknwa would create in tha ranks of a i enemy. But how about the military toxt-bo.'k. What a lot of alterations thore would hive to be in the words of command if bicyuiing became an arm of tbe service. It would bo no use to tell a bicyclist to ' stand at ease !' He couldn't do it. He would have t - 'fall out,' or rather, 'fall over.' 'Eight and left wheel ' would have to be ohangod to ' front and hind wheel.' In fact, tho corps would require a text-book of its own. But that is no reason why the new idea Bhould not be carri«d out. It ia infinitely better than cBvaJrjr.— ' lovro' Talk is Xfo-B t«k. 