Harold Netherly; OR, " r.C H E <i A 3V[. E; 0. F- L I F< E,. CHAPTER yi.— GonUmwfc JMEit,. Th53siaine remained with her as, long as she was conscious of his presence, and thou, by the advice of Mr. Perry, left her till the next day under the watchful care of Mrs. Lister.. There was no danger, Mr Perry said, of fever supervening, if proper care were t$kenand strengthened by that opiuion, Mr. Tremaine wrestled with the suggestions of conscience with, renewed vigour and success. lie had not seen, Eeuben Bradley at the cottage, but Mrs. Lister had informed him of that gentleman's agency in rescuing his child from probably mortal, peril, and seeing him standing uncertain, as it seemed,wheth er to go 01; stay at the spot where the.paths leading to Acton Court and. the. Grange diverged, Mr. Trenmine hurried towards him with extended hand, and words of grateful thanks. " Never thank mo foi;- that, Mr., Tro maino," said Eeuben. Bradley, frankly ac cepting the proffered hand, and heartily shaking it. It repaid itself a thousand times over, and if any thanks are due, it is to Ponto. I have waited here," added Mr. Bradloy, to speak to you on quite another matter ; my share in which I confess,, to begin with, that 1 am vary heartily asham ed of." • " Say no more, my dear sir I think, I " Yesterday, Mr. Tremaine," interrupted Eeuben, colouring and speaking violently— with seif-.contemptuous, violence—1Yester-' day, Mr. Tremaine, and not far from, this very spot, I made a great fool, of myself, and got deservedly laughed^ at, for my pains." "Well, well, Mr. Bradley," said Mi\ Tremaipe, good-humouredly, suoh mishaps sometimes occur." •' It is not that," continued Reujben.;, m hang it! no. It is not because I w,as deservedly laughed at by a gentle and beau-, tiful maiden, that I am ashamed of- myself.. Such mishaps, as you, sny, have befallen the wisest men, and will continue to do 30 to the end of the chapter..'. ITpt no;; that which I; blush for is that 1, chancing at the xiyjment when all my quills were erect, like CiU angry porcupine's, to fall in with Jferrand of Truro, vented my contemptible spite by directing him to apply for payment of your " Well, Mr. Bradley, you, asked but for your due." " Due be d r-d !" interrupted Eeuben Bradley. It was a mean dirty action! (Quickly repented of, however,. 1 had not left Ferrand a quarter of an hour when a letter was in the po.et countermanding the order I had given,. I did not suppose the fellow would have written to you the same evening. He is not always so expeditious, confound him ! It was a providence after all," added Eeuben Bradley, " for had I not lip.qii second, and bitterly self-reproachful, thoughts, resolved upon personally ascer taining that sleek Samuel Ferrand perfectly understood my counter-order, I should not have been passing through. Lea-wood; to night." " You are very kind and considerate, Mr. Bradley," said Mr. Trenmine. " Oh, cursedly kind, and considerate ; so .kjnd ctud considerate," cried the excitedyeo man, " Llmt wlion to-night I looked upon tho angol face which might never again in this world bloom with beauteous life, I cjuld havo shqt myself to think that . I3ut this in crazy talk. I wish to say, Mr. Tremaino,'1 continued Eenban Bradley in a calmer tone ''that I am heartily ashamed of having caused such a letter to bo written to you; and although I cannot burn the bond, or forego the debt, I do undertake ihat, till better times coino round, you shall not be importuned about it." Thauk .yon, Mr. Bradley; and those bettor times are not perhaps vovy fur off." " Say you so ?" sharply replied Reuben Bradley,' with a look as sharp. " Notr I trust, "by the sacrifice of your daughter, hinted to mo a short time since n,s prolmblo by that double-distilled villain, Ilarold Moth erly !—pray parclon me, Mr. Tremaino ; my speech is bliyit,. but my meaning friendly." " To-night, Mr. Bradley cannot offond mo," said Mr. Tremaino, though I oonfoss to soiiio surprise at this attack upon the char acter of Mr. Nothorly; au individual who has hitherto ohjoyod a reputation for strict probity and honour, wild in a pardonable sense 'as may have boon tho vagaries of his youth." " I care nothing for his reputation," ex claimed Reuben Bradley ; " 1 know him to bo one of tho most specious, black-heartod— one of the slyest scoundrels that over cum bered God's earth ! Ho said—and I, though ho said it, believe it—that ho and Sydney Polwarth ha,ve beon bosom fiionds and com panions for years past. Birds of a feather flock together, and excuse me for saying that tlio bosom frioud and companion of Harold Netlierly could not bo, had ho the richos of a Rothschild, a fitting mate for Miss Tremaine." " Personal feeling,'' said; Mr. Tremaine, " is opposed to just,, much more to charit able, judgment."' '.' You are in error, sir ! That yain dream is past. I was mad to but momentarily in dulge in. it." • " Beit so ; still this, nevertheless, is a subject which yon and I cannot oonfer with out mutual irritation. I must, therefore, bid you good night." " Oh, good night, Mr. Tremaine." Violot Tremaine awoke calm and oolleoted on the following morning, and early in the afternoon, by which time the snow had nearly disappeared, so fi.no and gonial had the changeful weather again suddenly be come, she, wtth the aid of her father's arm, : walked from Mrs. Lister's cottage to Acton Court. Pew words passed between Mr. Tremaine and his daughter as they wended their slow : way homeward.. He saw, felt that, though ! compassion--perhaps love—for him beat as isjxongly, as, ever,, respect, esteem,, had fled, never to, return I Another priceless treasure hazarded,, iopt, at tho desperate gam.e by : which lie. V.fis. enthralled as by the fascina tion of. madness!; Useless, withal, to repine | at that. "Regrets, however ppignpnt,. couid : only, throw, a, dreajry. light over tho. irredcom 'able!parti. And if esteem, respect,.had Hod, sacred senses of filial duty and self-sacrifice 'Remained,, which, would amply suffice to ! accpmpiish. the great end in view. As. to the restj time had a balm, for all griefs, save jtiiat of poverty, and the lady of Vere Priory 'wouldyet live to smile at the recollectiou of ;tlie fantastic illusions that might once have lured her from a position of splendour and felicity to one of comparative indigence and ranking discontent. That,in. this self-communing,Mr Tremaine had not overated tho strength, of. his. daugh: tor's spirit of; filial self-sacrifice, was confirm-, ed by her o.w.11 lips before they separated, for the night., • They had; been sitting-silently near each other in the drawing-room, of Acton Court, each apparently occupied with a book—ap parently only, for darkness was falling and candles, had not yet been brought in.. Al ready they felt as in a, manner strangers, to each other—that a. blapk gulf, had yawned between them, rendering impossible the fond endearments, the gushing,, unpremeditated tendernesses, which, ajie the sweetest inter course. of a father with his child. Present ly the. twilight stillness, was brokou, start ingly to. his nervous ear, though by a voice scarcely above a whisper. "lam qoixipus," repeated the low> sad voice,, '.' to say. a few words—a few final words, X hope—relativo to the dreadful com munication you made to me yesterday. Is there, any danger, and immediate danger, I mean, of, discovory ?" " None, Yiolet; no presont or immediate .danger, be assured." " What right havo you to so confidently ■assert there can be no present danger of dis covery?" '.' Forasmuch that no suspicion oan: arise and consequently no iujury, unless, I were declared, bankrupt or insolvent; m wliioli. ; case it would, bo necessary to appoint a, new trustee, and discovery would be inevitable." I understand, you are quite, sure that my cousin, Sydney Polwarth, will be.willing , to marry a girl whom he has never seen ?" ■added Violet Tremaipe. with forced continu ' ous. calmness, of tone and manner. •'I am quite sure that lie.wilL." And I understood you,, did I not,, to say : yesterday,, that if it were known,ackdowled ged, that we were contracted to each other, : there would be no danger of bankuptcy or ; insolvency, as in that case your creditors would be willing to give time till the monies secured to you by the nuptial bond, or by Mr. Sydney. Polwarth's generosity " " What I said, or inteuded to say, was," interrupted Mr. Tremnine, " that if you ac cept your cousin's addresses, he, being al ready a near relative,, will, I, have no doubt, interpose between,me and ruin." " That being so, time may-without peril be granted to me. I have promised to save you," continued Yiolet Tremaine with hur ried, quivering, speech^ "I have promised to save you from the frightful consequences of—of—-your crime ! Yes, that is the. ti;iie word; and 1 may not, sitting in the shadow of this huge despair, palter with truth. My will, I say, is. fixed—irrevocably—-to save you. But X am withal a weak feeble girl, I must have time. to. wean myself from preci ous hopes, that have, grown with my youth' —to-tear uway thp constraining, cords, twi ned with my 0T\;n heart-strings,, of ap. uii-. selfish,, boundless love; and I wiik with God's help, tear them away, though the life blood follow—time to reqonqil.Q Henry—r-r 0 father! father!1" she broke off to exclaim in a paroxysm of anguish, as sho started up and hurried from the room, "you have killed your child—my heart is brolsou ! " The privacy of her chamber gained, Violet Tremaiue threw horsolf, wildly sobbing, upon her leneps, to pray for help ami streugth to boar tho heavy cross that a father's hand had laid upon hor young and tender life. That prayer was answered. Gradually to Faith's meek eyes the glory of tho all- componsating futuro shone through the clouds of earth, and the transitory griefs of mortality exhaled,vanished in tho propho tic presence of a peaoo which passeth under standing! and iueffiiblo, eternal as its source. Tho child thus. Tho father, whom his daughter's, agony of mind had greatly pain-: od, sought strength and consolation in wino, and although habitually an abs.tomions. man Mr. Tromaine drank deeply that night, aud was still busily drowning care, wliou the tiny roar of tho culvorins-emljattlod at Vero Priory, and the ascont of a dozen rockets in quick succession, announced to all of Corn wall, within sight or hearing, in accordauoo with the programmo arranged by Mr, Ste phen Ayletnnnc, tho hereditary butler at tho Priory, to meet all eventualities, that Sydney Polwartii, Esq., had arrived at the halls of his ancestors. That important event quickened tho mud dled morbid brain of Mr. Tromaine with fresh life, aud his first impulse was at once, to start for Yero Priory n,nd to be tho first to felicitate his future son-in-law on his ar rival. Secoud thoughts, and a glance at tho pendulo on the mantol-pieoo, showing, him it was considerably past mid-night, changed hip purpose, and ho. presently re tired to bed with a confused notion simmer ing iji his heated cranium that momentous, issues would bedooided on the morrow.. * *. >1:. * >!«. Late. and unseasonable as it was when tho supposod Sydney Polwartii, Esq., and his friend Mr. Netherly, arrived at'.Yero Priory, Stephen Ayletunne was found; equal; to, the situation and his responsibility., He and two or three cronies,permitted occasion ally to brighten their faces at tho same unstinted source that supplied his own rubi cund splendour, wore still up ; and notwith standing they had been for somo hours mer rily eugaged in tho aforesaid pleasant pas time, fortunatoly retained sufficient com mand over thoir legs and arms to fire, the cannon and rockets, without including them selves ; while. Stephen Ayletunne, whose serene gravity and solf-.possession it requir ed an onorm.ous quantity of Cornish ale to perceptibly fluster or disturb, which was : much—(over fiye-a.nd-twouty stone), . and would, had lie not with much difficulty dis sua.ded. therefrom,^ have Roused, '^ei^'inan and, bpy,. woman and, girl,, in, the. establish ment to welcome home. the. patiently-expec ted hoir to, tljp Pol.w.arth, pstatqs.iiud hon ours, Graciously permitting himself; to be. at leugth. convinced that nothing would please the. young squiro.sp much as.being forthwith shown to hjs bedroom, Stephen, Ayletunne anil two wax caudles (M;r. Netherly being first briefly consigned, to tl^e, caro.of a, sub): marshalled the way to, sumptuous, chamber wherein a blazing fire. had. been kept up night and day for the. previous fortnight,, and thoro.took cremouious. leave, of 1 iifs lion-, oured and harassed young master. The.per sonal appearance. of tho new. squire, had; found favour in the sight of Stephen Ayle tunne. lie should have recognised, him, as scion,of/the genuine Polw.ar.th stock.amongst a hundred: thousand;" furreners,."whilst his resemblance to his deceased grandfather, when, that honoured:ancestor was in. hip hpt youth',. was,. Stepjien; declared^ quite, extra-, ordinary. The. establishment of Vere Priory, was. eaj-ly astir, on thq following, mpr;iipg,.'mpr,e correctly speaking,, on. the, same morning,, and; Stephen Ayletuune's festiye programme, set agoing, w.ith, grea.t spirit. Flags waved from, the. battlempnts—cannons, roared,, a^ji, the village.church bell rang out a deafening welcome to all comers,, which, as. the mornr ing woi;e on,, was. responded; to by sqor.es of, guests ofall.classes and, degrees—gentlemqiij. clergymen, y.comou, farmprs,. labourers, miners ; and so liberal was. the. hospitality, so potpnt the cheer,, that the, boisterous, merriment,; scaring away the mere fastidj,-. ous. visitors, went on, crescendo through, the, day ; and languished, died, away only with tho inability of; the merry-makers to. eat, drink, shout any longer to tlio memory of the. past end. health of. the present Squii;e Pol'atli !• " By Jove," exclaimed; Ernest Brydone, late in the afternoon, as he and the inevit able Netherly,, escaped, from; the din and riot of. the great hall,, were taking a cooling turn, through, the shrubberies.;; '-'ByJove, tliosp. fellows' heads, and, throats must be made, of cast-iron: they swallow, ale or brandy as if it was so much water. Ah, JL say, how capitally the thing is going ! Not the ghost of a suspicion entertained, by any one." " Speak only-just loud; enough, for me to hear you; though, there is.not much danger of being overheard hereabout just now.," said Netherly. "Suspicion!;"■ he added; "I should think not. The very audaoity of the thing, as £ have often, told you, pre cludes— dofies suspicion. The Cornish ru ral and mining mind could never in imagina-. tion. could itself to. such a sublimity of, moral boldness and daring." " Old Tromaine," said Brydone, was wonderfully gracious. His daughter,. M,iss Violet, is suffering from. a. slight indisposi-. tion, caused by her having been caught in a snojy-storm the other day. I am to, have the.honour of being introduced to the lady to-m.oi'i'ow if she is sufficiently reoovered, to see company. " That is well; The. inspect of affairs could, not be moi;e propitious ; and. you, my boy are hehaying admirably 1. "• ■ " You think so.?- By the bye," said Bry done suddenly, "you are an Athiest,. are you not,. N.etlierly ? " " An Atheist!. why, no, I think not. I; don't see how a man whose he^d is screwed on aright could, if lip wished, be an Atheist. But what o&; earth oan have suggested'giich, a question ? "- : " The sardonyo phiz you. pulled when the. venerable vipar- ijraa. • expatiating upon ■ the. manifest providence of @od,-which had pre-, served the heir of the Pohvarths in tho pure faitli of his fathers, cast as his lot had beeij. for tho first fivo-and-twenty years of liis life m Popish pauqtries." " It was very silly in me to pull any such phiz, stupidly as; tl»o veuorablo vipar may have expressed himself. Aa to religion," continued Nothorly, '< mino is, I boliovo, that of a sensible man ; and as I limy, by so iloing, help you a littlo with that ques tioning conscience of yours, and wo may as well talk of religion as anything else, I will in a few words tell you what that is. I have no religious opinions in a dogmatic sense. My notions 011 tho subjcct I hiyvo found ad mirably sot forth \u j\L Aguste _ Gomto's positive Philosophy—volumes differing as much from the poor drivel of Hothoringtons. and Iiolyoakos i\s star-lU'o from street-mud. Tin's positive philosophy toaqhos. that a sen sible man should neither tvoublo himself to dony no^ affirm the existence of Qod or a futuro state, and only strjyo to conform, him self and subjugate to his sevvico the tang ible positive conditions by which ho is sur rounded. From that principle it follows, of rigorous, necessity, that pleasure is virtuo— pain is vice, although. I admit that Mj. Gom to's. ideas of pleasure, vice, &c.;, differ entir ely from, mine. That, howoyer, is b.esido the quostion. The principle established that happiness, in this life is the primo ond to bo kept in view, each person must of courso dooido for himself as. to its practical appli cation. A mero refurbisumont up, it .may be objectod, of tho old doctrine of Epicurus. True, but the samo objection applios. to, all our modem moral, philosophies," ." I comprehend. You hold, that a wise man will, without troubling hiuisolf about speculations as to ulterior possibilities, con cern himself only with, the tangible rca.litios amidst which ho. is placed. It follows of course, that Shakspere's expression, '.Thero!a a Divinity tbatsbaiios our ondfl, RopghJipvy, theni, ho>v wo will,' is. mere. nonseiiBe ?! '• SJieet; nonsense, as. the, ufctoranco of Shakspero himself,^ li^t in, a, dra.matip sense, and pljaoed ii^ the mp.uth, o£ the, dreaming, Hamlet,, a fi.ne appropriate, passage.. The race, depend upon it,, other- things, being equai,is to the swift the battle to.th.o' strong. Situated, for exa.mplo,. as, w,e, lipjy are,, hold ing tho cards \yo do, am\ playing against % soci.ety ohiofly made up, of fools, wo must not blame ourselves.,, not I'rpyidence, i^ wo do not win both the honour and. the odd i trick. Hollo! Grab by Lister I whom, are you seeking ?■ Either of us ?•." <' A lady., just arrived, wishes to, speak with Mr. N,eth.orly(''replied the lad., A lady 1—what lady." Madame lp Blanc,'' said'tho. wiilo.w, in. her softest tones and with her sweetost smilo as. slip came in. full sight round tho pud of a grove, of laurels, y fljfadamp l.e Blanc, who will be glad to liaye a few minutos' conver sation with either Miy Sydney I'olw.arth, or ■hip friend';Mr. N.ethprly."1 ■ '(To be .continued-.): 